Awake
By Eric Barnes
Copyright 2012 Eric Barnes
Smashwords Edition

Smashwords Edition, Licence Notes
This ebook is licensed for your personal enjoyment only. This ebook may not be re-sold or given away to other people.  If you would like to share this book with another person, please purchase an additional copy of each recipient. If you're reading this book and did not purchase it, or it was not purchased for your use only, then please return to Smashwords.com and purchase your own copy. Thanks for respecting the hard work of this author.

Chapter 1

Sam lay fast asleep, snuggled up under his warm comforter. His slumber was suddenly interrupted by a cold breeze blowing across his cheek, which lay exposed to the morning sunlight. As he began to stir, he noticed the morning seemed brighter and colder than normal. 
His head was foggy. As he sat up and stretched to get out of bed he wondered if someone had opened his bedroom window. “I need to tell mom to turn up the heat” he thought as his feet reached for the floor. A strange chill jolted up his legs as he felt something wet and slimy slide between his toes as they touched down. Sam quickly snapped awake with a strange awareness that he had never experienced before. His bedroom, his house, everything was gone. He sat on the edge of the bed, his feet pulled back up on the sheets, and his knees tucked under his chin as he observed the odd phenomena unfolding before his eyes. All around him, where his house had been the night before, was now an empty grassy lot sparkling with dew in the morning sunlight.  Sam sat shocked, not knowing what to think as a breeze blew across him causing him to shiver.
Sam lived out on the Great Plains, in a small suburb, just north of a town where most of the people worked at a steel manufacturing plant. His house used to be located between two houses, one old and one new. The new house on the right had also disappeared, but the old house to the left was still there. Across the street sat a large apartment complex called Golden Pastures, where retired people lived. Everything seemed so familiar and at the same time so all-together different to Sam. “I must be dreaming” he thought to himself, and this gave him some comfort as he stretched his legs back down and placed his bare feet in the wet grass. Maybe the Johnsons would have some answers, or maybe they might just turn out to be rainbow colored flying pigs, anything was possible at this point in Sam’s mind.
Mr. and Mrs. Johnson lived in the retirement apartments across the street, and were kind of like grandparents to Sam. He would often spend time with them after school when his mom had to work late at the restaurant. As he gingerly crossed the pavement and entered the front door of “Geezerville” (the name Sam had given Golden Pastures in his mind) everything looked so familiar. Mrs. Granderson sat knitting another scarf in the lobby. Jenny, one of the cleaning girls who worked at Geezerville, greeted him as if nothing was amiss. Jenny was always nice and Sam liked it when she smiled at him. Mr. Johnson complained that the cleaning ladies were all unattractive, but Sam liked Jenny and thought she was pretty. He noticed that she had gotten a hair cut as they passed. 
Sam turned the corner toward the elevator and almost ran headlong into Mr. Johnson on his motorized scooter. Mr. Johnson was flying down the hall, breaking the 0.3 mile an hour speed limit signs posted on every wall. 
“Hey kid, I‘ve been waiting for you. Let’s go!” he said as he hit the brakes, and drifted into a u-turn leaving black skid marks on the carpet and a burnt rubber smell in the hall. Sam had a hard time keeping up with Mr. Johnson as he sped toward the elevator. 
“Mr. Johnson, why the rush?” 
Mr. Johnson didn’t respond, but Sam knew it was because he was almost totally deaf and he never really listened to anything Sam actually said. They made their way to the elevator, but not without pushing Mrs. Olson and her walker out of the way as they hurried in. As the door of the elevator closed Sam saw Mrs. Olson waving her fist in the air and heard her yelling at them in Norwegian. Sam didn’t speak Norwegian but he was pretty sure the words Mrs. Olson was using were not “age appropriate” ones. Mr. Johnson murmured something about an old bag under his breath, as he reached out and repeatedly hit the number two button. 
“Mr. Johnson, I don’t think hitting the button over and over will make the elevator go faster,” Sam said. 
But Mr. Johnson didn’t respond, he just kept pressing the number two button. Mr. Johnson was a crotchety old man who loved to wave his fist in the air and be angry at stuff. Most of the time, it was quite entertaining for Sam. Sam especially loved watching TV with Mr. Johnson. They would watch game shows in the afternoons after school, and Mr. Johnson would waive his fist at the TV and berate the contestants. Sam often thought to himself that the game shows would attract younger viewers if they added Mr. Johnson to the set, and the players had to compete with him calling them “numb skulls” or “nincompoops” or Sam’s favorite “poorly dressed Philistines.” Sam wasn’t sure what a Philistine was, but he loved the idea of an old man, wearing a bright green vest, a yellow bow-tie and brown wool pants hiked up over his belly calling people poorly dressed.
The elevator doors opened, and Mr. Johnson hit the gas on his scooter almost knocking over Mrs. Barnes who was waiting outside the elevator. She didn’t speak Norwegian so Sam knew exactly what she said as he ran past apologizing for Mr. Johnson‘s driving. Sam chased Mr. Johnson as he sped down the hall toward his apartment.  Sam arrived at the Johnson’s door out of breath. For the moment, he had forgotten he was dreaming as he walked into the Johnson’s apartment to the smell of freshly baked cookies.
Mrs. Johnson was a kind woman, short and plump with snow-white curly hair. Her face was round and gentle, and her eyes were always peaceful and a little tired. She wore bright pink lipstick and it was always a little smeared off her lip and sometimes on her front tooth. Mrs. Johnson loved Sam and loved his calming affect around the house. She seemed serene and content as she came out of the small kitchen with oven mitts on both hands and said “hello young man” as if nothing was out of the ordinary. 
Mr. and Mrs. Johnson were as opposite as opposites could be. Mrs. Johnson loved everyone, and always spoke kindly of people, even grumpy old Mr. Johnson. Mr. Johnson hated most people but there were some people he hated worst of all. Over the past four years that Sam had been spending time with the Johnsons, Sam had compiled a “Mr. Johnson’s Most Hated People” list. They included in this order…Pink people (Sam had no idea who these pink people were, but there were lots of them on TV), Jimmy Carter (who Sam thought might be the leader of the pink people), Saggy Pants Kids, and some guy named Charlie.
Sam sat down on the couch and Mrs. Johnson brought over a plate of cookies. They were ginger snaps, but Sam knew that he should be careful. While he loved cookies, Mrs. Johnson sometimes ran out of ingredients and would sometimes make weird substitutions. A couple of weeks ago she ran out of chocolate chips and raisins, so she baked her cookies with orange vitamins. It took a few minutes to figure out why his cookie tasted like orange chalk, but after one bite he slid the rest of the cookie between the couch cushions. Sam picked up a ginger snap and inspected it, as Mr. Johnson went into a rant on the government, China, and how Jimmy Carter was going to bring the country to ruin. 
Mrs. Johnson chimed in, “I think Jimmy Carter is a nice man, and a Christian.” 
Sam didn’t know anything about Jimmy Carter, except that he was a president, and that Mr. Johnson thought he was still the president. As the daily argument over Jimmy Carter erupted between the Johnsons, Sam’s thoughts returned to his current predicament. He nibbled the edge of his cookie, it tasted like it had pepper in it, and so he quickly stuck it between the couch cushion to keep the orange-vitamin-cookie company.
It seemed odd to Sam that nothing was out of the ordinary at Geezerville, but that his house and mom and all his stuff had vanished. He also couldn’t remember what day it was, or what time it was, or anything about what he had planned for that day.  After a couple of minutes, Sam figured he had reached a dead end and that he should continue trying to figure out what his dream was all about.
Sam politely excused himself and thanked Mrs. Johnson for the cookie and got ready to go back and see what this strange dream would offer next. Both Mr. and Mrs. Johnson stopped their discussion and walked toward Sam. Mrs. Johnson reached into her pocket and pulled out a piece of wrapped candy. She always gave Sam a piece of candy when he left, but he had never eaten one. Mostly because he had seen her put used Kleenexes into the same pocket she kept the candy, and he could not get rid of the image of little germs crawling off the Kleenex up the little slot of the candy wrapper. Mr. Johnson also reached in his pocket and from under his big bushy eyebrows his angry eyes stared straight into Sam’s. 
He handed Sam a key and said, “You need this boy.” Sam took the key and turned to the door.  As he opened it, he looked back into Mr. Johnson’s eyes, which continued to stay locked in a terrifying stare. 
“Don’t stop until it’s over…” he added ominously as Sam turned back to leave, “…and don’t trust anyone….especially Jimmy Carter.”

Chapter 2

Sam slid the piece of hard candy in his pocket as he left the Johnsons and headed toward the elevator. The elevator door closed and he looked down at the key in his hand. It was a small silver key with a small key chain and had a tiny gold disc attached to it. On the disc was etched the number “316.” Sam left “Geezerville,” walked across the parking lot, and sat on the curb facing his bed that was sitting lonesome in the empty lot across the street. As he studied the scene, he noticed the neighbor’s house was painted an ugly green color, instead of the ugly orange it had been when he had gone to bed the night before. 
He really didn’t want to go to his neighbor’s house. The lady who lived there was a little strange to say the least. When Sam and his mom had moved into their house four years earlier, his mom had made cookies for the neighbors and asked him to deliver them. When Sam had gone up to the front door, rang the bell and looked down at the welcome mat, he noticed a large pile of dog poop sitting right in the middle of the “O” on the word welcome. There were few things that Sam hated worse than dog poop. Just the thought of the smell of freshly stepped-in dog poop made him gag. As he stared in horrified shock at the little pile of putrid poop, the door swung open and there stood a large middle-aged woman in a fuzzy pink bathrobe standing in a cloud of smoke. As Sam sat on the curb remembering the traumatizing event, he wondered if Mrs. Larson, in her pink bathrobe was one of the pink people that Mr. Johnson hated so much. But on that first day of meeting the Crazy Dog Lady (the name Sam had given Mrs. Larson in his mind) it was not so much the pink bathrobe or the weird smell that bothered Sam.  It was that Mrs. Larson noticed him staring at the not-so-little brown pile, and proceeded to reach into her bathrobe pocket pull out a used Kleenex and grab the pile of poop right in front of him. 
“Can I help you?” she asked, in a raspy voice. 
Her skin was wrinkled and her hair looked like it had just finished a fight with a tornado. Sam extended the plate of cookies, unable to muster any words. His eyes moved away from the nastiest Kleenex in the world to see behind her what appeared to be a room full of dogs and cats. He couldn’t even count the number of dogs as he stared blankly into Mrs. Larson’s living room, when suddenly a smell began to waft over him which caused him to feel ill. 
He stepped back and managed to say, “Hi, here is a plate of cookies” before he turned and ran away.
As Sam sat on the curb he wondered how the Crazy Dog Lady kept all those dogs quiet all the time. And why was there so much smoke coming out of her house? And what did she do with that Kleenex? And why isn’t there a law that makes it illegal to put dirty Kleenex back into your pocket? All these questions crowded Sam’s mind as he sat and stared at the green house that used to be orange.
The street was quiet. Sam didn’t see anyone walking or driving. Strange dreams weren’t a new thing for Sam. Ever since his Dad disappeared four years ago, he had a lot of scary dreams. He would wake up sweaty with his heart racing. The worst dream was one where he was riding his bike down a long road. All of a sudden a black car would come around the corner and start chasing him. He would peddle faster and faster, but the faster he peddled the closer the car came. Then, as soon as the car was upon him, he would wake up, heart racing and his forehead soaking with sweat. He hated that dream, but this dream seemed quite different. In his other dreams he could never remember specific details, not like the details he had experienced this morning. His dreams were always simple, and he definitely had never dreamed about thinking about dreams. Sam looked down at the key again and wondered when he would wake up.
Suddenly the sound of a car in the distance gave him an idea. “I am ready to wake up,” he thought to himself. The sun had come above the houses and shined in his eyes as he tried to look up the street, but he couldn’t see anything. He looked the other direction and saw a car turn down his street toward him. It was black and long and Sam thought to himself “this is my chance.” He knew that if the car hit him, he would wake up just before impact. So he crouched down on the curb and waited as the black car came speeding down the street. Sam focused on the car, and a few seconds before the car would hit him, he ran into the street and waited. He noticed it was moving steadily toward him, neither speeding up nor slowing down. All kinds of details about the scene started becoming clear to him, which was strange for a dream. He could see two men, wearing ties and sunglasses sitting in the front seat.  The men were looking out the left side of the car at the Golden Pastures Retirement Home. The driver had a black beard, and Sam could see his face clearly as he turned and looked in horror at him. As the car was about to hit him Sam braced himself and heard the squeal of brakes. But the driver could not stop in time. Sam shut his eyes, ready to wake up, and in a flash he felt his body jolt, then fly through the air and land hard on the pavement.

Chapter 3

Sam opened his eyes and looked up to see the Crazy Dog Lady’s green house that used to be orange. “I must still be dreaming” he thought, but the pain in his shoulder felt very real. He heard a girl’s voice, upset and yelling. 
“Are you crazy boy, do you want to die?” 
Sam turned to see a girl with red frizzy hair and a freckled face pointing her little skinny little finger at his nose. 
“I can’t believe you didn’t even move! You could’ve been killed! You’re crazy! What were you thinking? Who are you? Well answer me!” 
The tirade continued, until Sam got to his feet and ran up the street after the car that had narrowly missed him, and then sped away. The car drove around the corner, squealing its tires as it raced out of sight. Sam turned back around and walked toward the girl with the wild hair who now had an equally wild look on her face. 
“What’s your name boy?” the girl asked as she walked carefully across the street to pick up her pink bike. 
“I’m Sam, who are you?” Sam asked quietly. The girl rolled her bike over and continued her rapid talking.
“I’m Betty, and I live in the red house on Seventeenth Street,” she said as she pointed down the street. “I’m in the sixth grade, how old are you? Is your name short for Samuel? Are you new here? Why are you wearing pajamas and standing in the middle of the street in front of moving cars?”
Sam looked down and realized for the first time that he was still wearing pajamas. Mr. and Mrs. Johnson hadn’t mentioned it, and Sam thought Mr. Johnson was probably just glad he was not wearing baggy pants. Looking up at Betty, Sam shrugged and said, 
“I don’t know.” 
Betty didn’t seem to care about the lack of information given, she just kept talking. 
“You want to walk into town? I am going to the store to pick up milk for my mom. Do you want to come? Maybe you should get some clothes on first. I think baseball pajamas are cool, so I don’t care if you change, I just thought maybe you would want to but if you don’t that’s cool with me.”
“Hey, hey, hey” interrupted Sam, “can I ask you a question?”
Betty nodded, and Sam continued “Who exactly are you, and what day is it?” 
“Like I said, my name is Betty, and I live just up the street. My dad works as an inspector at the steel mill, and my mom needed milk, so I was riding to the grocery store next to the bridge to buy some and I saw you standing in the street with a car heading straight for you, so I jumped off my bike and pushed you out of the way. It is Saturday, and by the way, you are very welcome!” 
“Great, this dream will never end, kind of like this girls talking,” thought Sam. He looked at Betty who flashed him a big grin, as he started to tell her about waking up in an empty lot and all that had happened to him that morning. As they walked to the store Betty listened carefully, and nodded as if she believed Sam’s crazy story. Sam told her about Mr. and Mrs. Johnson, and Betty giggled about Mrs. Johnson‘s funny cookies. 
After walking a ways, Betty’s face became stern and she grabbed Sam’s arm as she spoke thoughtfully, “You know Samuel, I don’t think I am dreaming and if I am not dreaming, then you can’t be dreaming.” 
As each minute unfolded Sam seemed less and less convinced that he was actually in a dream. But in the back of his mind he could not think of any other possible explanation for such a day. They walked quietly for a few minutes and as they approached Bob’s Grocery Betty grabbed Sam’s arm again and asked a question about something that Sam had forgotten about.
 “Who were those guys in the black car, and why didn‘t they stop to help us?” 
“I was wondering that too,” Sam told her, “I have no idea.” 
Then, Sam remembered the key that Mr. Johnson had given him that morning. He must have dropped it when he was knocked out of the way of the car. 
“This morning, Mr. Johnson gave me a key and told me I needed it,” he explained to Betty, “but I must have dropped it and I don’t even know what it’s for.” 
Betty spun her bike around, and said “get on! We’re going back to find it.” 
“We don’t even know what it’s for,” Sam exclaimed, “and aren’t you supposed to get milk for your mom?” 
“That will have to wait, we need that key to find out who those men are; this is way more important than milk.” 
Sam relented, and offered to ride the bike if she wanted to sit in the basket, seeing as she was almost half his size. As they rode back Sam just hoped nobody he knew would see him riding a pink girl’s bike in his pajamas. The color of the bike was bad enough, but the sparkling pom-poms coming out of handle bars seemed to double the embarrassment factor. Sam was normally not very self-conscious, but ever since he entered the seventh grade he thought more and more about what people thought of him. He could tell that Betty really didn’t care as she sat grinning in her basket while a big twelve-year-old in baseball pajamas rode her around. 
They got back to his house, rather his “bed in a field,” and searched around for the key. “Here it is!” exclaimed Sam.  Betty began tapping her feet rapidly while she twirled in a circle and waved her hands above her head grinning from ear to ear. 
“What are you doing?” he asked. 
“What do you mean?” Betty asked. 
“That dance you just did.” 
Betty grinned again, and explained that when she gets excited her feet also get excited. 
“My dad calls it ‘happy feet‘” she explained, “he says he used to watch this really funny old stand-up comedian who used to do ‘happy feet’ in his routine and so we call it ‘happy feet.’” 
Sam smiled, and handed the key to Betty’s outstretched hand. 
“It looks like a P.O. Box key” she proclaimed. 
“How would you know?” Sam protested. 
“The reason I am in the sixth grade, even though I am only ten and a half, is that I am both smart and intuitive. And my intuition tells me this is a P.O. Box key.” 
Sam was two years older, and didn’t want to appear dumb, but he felt kind of stupid when he asked “What’s a P.O. Box.?” 
“It’s a post-office box silly, and this key is probably to a box at the post office down town. We should go and find out, but you really need to get dressed. People are starting to stare. You can borrow some of my brother’s old clothes. Let’s go back to my house.”
As they walked away, Sam looked back at his bed in the field, and wondered what in the world was going on. He wondered about his mom, and where she might be. He had not been getting along with her lately.  Even though he hated it when they fought, sometimes he just didn’t know how to stop himself from getting angry at her. Sam felt a deep sense of loneliness when he thought about losing his mom, but it seemed strange to miss anything at this point, since it had only been an hour or so since he had woken up. Yet somehow he felt he had been gone from his old life much longer than that. He missed his TV, his toys, and his breakfast. He was getting hungry, and he still didn’t know what day it was. 
“What day is it today?” he asked. 
“I told you, Saturday, Stupid” Betty replied, “don’t you keep track of days?” 
“Normally I do” he said, but today I have been a little off.” 
As the two walked down the street toward Betty‘s house, Sam turned to Betty and asked in a puzzled voice, “Why are you helping me?” 
Betty turned, grinned a big grin, exposing a missing tooth on the right side of her smile, and said “You looked like you needed help. Now, let’s get home and figure out you what your problem is.”
Sam didn’t have a lot of friends, and he never dreamed about being friends with a ten-year-old girl. But in this dream it seemed like Betty was a good friend even though they had just met, he was learning more about her life every minute they were together.  Betty loved to talk, and she seemed so fearless and confident, two qualities he wished he had more of. As they walked up the driveway to the small red house with a blue door, Betty stopped talking long enough for Sam pondered again his current situation.  He wondered why he was walking around in his pajamas following a ten-year-old girl.  And why did Mr. Johnson give him a P.O. Box key, not to mention where his mom went with his house. “I guess these things happen in dreams,” he thought to himself as Betty opened the front door.

Chapter 4

Betty’s mom greeted them at the door and Betty introduced Sam as though they had been long-time pals. She told her about the car incident and Betty’s mom proceeded to act shocked. But Sam got the impression that she really didn’t believe Betty’s whole story. Betty had a wild imagination, and her parents were used to hearing about these types of exaggerated events. 
“Any friend of Betty’s is welcome here,” her mom said, and invited Sam into the kitchen for something to eat. She put toast in the toaster, and told him that “she would offer him some cereal but they didn’t have any milk,” which caused Betty to burst out with a long explanation as to why she had returned empty handed. Betty gave a detailed synopsis of Sam’s entire morning: from the bed in the field, to Mr. and Mrs. Johnson, to a retelling of her heroics with Sam and the “black car of death,” as well as the P.O. Box key, all in thirty seconds flat. Betty’s mom then offered to get Sam some clothes and gave them permission to take a trip downtown to the post office. After her mom left the room Betty took two granola bars out of a kitchen drawer and handed one to Sam. 
“We may need these later,” she said.  
Betty’s mom returned to the kitchen a couple minutes later with a pair of jeans, a red t-shirt, some socks, and a pair of baby-blue Velcro sneakers. 
“These are some clothes that Betty‘s brother grew out of. Sorry they are a little old,” she apologized. Sam thanked her, and took them into the bathroom where he stood in front of the mirror. After several slaps to the face and pinches to the cheeks, he figured he better just put the clothes on and keep moving forward. The jeans were a little baggy, but he figured he would just avoid Mr. Johnson. Sam sat on the side of the tub and washed his feet off, they were dirty and sore. Although the shoes were old and baby blue, it felt good to finally put socks and shoes on. He slid the granola bar in his back pocket, and empting his pajama pockets he found the piece of hard candy that Mrs. Johnson had given him. He almost threw it in the garbage, but for some reason felt the need to keep it. So he tucked it into his jeans pocket. After washing his face with cold water and slapping himself a little harder two more times, he decided to he would go downtown to the post office with Betty. Sam came back in the kitchen and thanked Betty’s mom for the toast and the clothes. 
“You two be careful,” she said, distracted with dishes at the kitchen sink as they left. They got back on Betty’s bike and headed downtown toward the post office.
As they rode downtown, Sam noticed that the town looked very different and yet again, exactly the same. He really began wondering if this dream would ever end, but by that point the key Mr. Johnson gave him was beginning to prick his curiosity.
As they rode, Betty continued to talk and Sam continued to listen. He was annoyed at her jabbering at first, but as his day got stranger and longer, her talking became more soothing and enlightening. Sam found out that Betty was almost the exact opposite of him. She loved to read, hated sports, didn’t like science fiction movies and loved going to the dentist. In the middle of a run-on sentence regarding the impracticality of school recess, Sam interrupted with a “shhhh!” He heard a car engine behind them and turned to see a black sedan looming in the distance. 
“Are those the same guys that almost ran you over?” Betty asked turning to see what the matter was. 
“I think so” he said, “let’s just turn here and see if they follow us.” 
Sam turned on a side street that was heading toward the edge of town. It was a long narrow road, with houses on one side, and a golf-course on the other. Sam kept peddling hard while Betty kept turning to see if the car would follow them.  
“Here they come!” Betty screeched as she watched the car turn the corner after them and begin speeding up. It gained on them quickly, and Sam stood up on the pedals and began turning the wheels as fast as he could. 
“Turn down there,” Betty yelled.
 Sam turned the handlebars and headed down a long grassy hill. Betty was holding on for dear life as they raced down the embankment heading onto the eleventh hole of the golf course. They passed a couple of old men in white shoes and plaid pants who stared at them as the two kids bumped and bounced on their little pink bike toward the golf-cart path. 
“We’ll just play through!” Betty hollered out as they passed the men and got their bearings back on the paved path. The two men in black suits had stopped their car at the top of hill and gotten out in time to see them ride away.
Betty and Sam stopped to catch their breath at the edge of the woods where the path traveled. They sat down on a bench nearby, and looked at each other in bewilderment. 
“What was going on?” they wondered to themselves as Betty reached in her pocket and pulled out the key. With a big grin appearing across her freckled face she postulated, “I think this key is pretty important.” Then she did a little happy dance.
“If we are going to make it to the post office without those guys finding us, we are going to need to be a little more careful,” Sam said. 
“I know just what to do, follow me,” Betty announced. 
Before Sam could object, Betty had turned and headed across the fairway toward the other end of the golf-course. They walked to the clubhouse where they found several people sitting outside at tables enjoying a morning coffee. Betty whispered in Sam‘s ear, “Leave this to me.”
 Then she walked up to a middle aged woman dressed in all white. Sam stood back, holding a pink little girls bike, and again fought his deepest urges to be self-conscious. Moments later, Betty returned with the lady wearing white pants, a white polo shirt, white shoes, a white visor and white gloves. 
“Let’s go,” she said, and they followed the white lady, dressed in white, to her white Cadillac. They put the pink bike in the big trunk, and hopped in the back seat. Sam leaned over to Betty and asked her how she got the “Mrs. White” to take them into town. Betty just put her finger on her lips and motioned for him to be quiet and wait. As Sam sat on the leather seat, he started feeling much better. No one would see him riding that dumb pink girl’s bike. The black car guys couldn’t find him, and he was no longer in pajamas. Plus, riding in the car hid his baby blue Velcro sneakers. For the first time that day, Sam was feeling just a little bit normal.
The white car pulled into the post office a few minutes later, and Betty and Sam got out and took the pink bike from the trunk.
“Thanks Ma’am,” Betty told the lady, who smiled at her, and then gave Sam a warm yet odd smile. The streets were quiet, and only a few people could be seen walking here and there. 
“What did you tell her?” Sam asked as he leaned the bike up against the front of the post office. 
“I told her that you were my slow cousin and that your bike was not working and that if I didn’t get you into town you would throw a tantrum.” 
“What!” Sam cried, “You told her I was retarded?” 
“Well, I was improvising, and when I saw you with the pink bike, I thought it was our best chance.” 
“Gee thanks Betty,” Sam said as he shook his head. 
“You’re welcome,” she said smiling as they entered the front door. 
The main post office was closed and the building was empty. But the door that led to the P.O. Box area was open and Sam and Betty found several halls filled with walls of different sizes of bronze P.O. Boxes.
They hurried in, and began searching over the little bronze boxes for the number 316. 
“Here it is Betty, bring the key.” 
Betty ran over and showed the key with a grin. 
“Do you want to try turning it together?” she asked. 
Sam grabbed the key, and glared at Betty. 
“Just give me the key,” he snapped, still a little bugged about the previous fifteen minutes of shame. He inserted the key and tried turning it, but it didn’t turn. Sam wiggled it a little, and shook the key in the lock. He tried for a few seconds more but it just didn’t want to turn.

“Let me try,” Betty suggested. 
“Why?” Sam asked, “Do you have special key turning skills?”  
“Maybe I do, I am in the sixth grade even though I am only ten and a half.” 
“Yeah, you mentioned that already,” said Sam as he handed her the key, “be my guest.”
Betty took the key, and placing it in the keyhole, she closed her eyes for dramatic effect.  Then she slowly began to press the key to the right. Much to Sam’s chagrin, the key turned with a click and the box opened in front of them. Sam knew he would be hearing more about this later, but for the moment he was glad to find out what mystery Mr. Johnson’s key held.
Sam reached into the P.O. Box and pulled out an old cigar box. 
“Let me see,” Betty demanded. 
He took a second look in the P.O. Box to make sure he hadn’t missed anything. Then they took the box over to a counter, near a window in the front of the post office. They opened the box. What they found sent chills down Sam’s spine. Betty broke into yet another happy dance and squealed in delight. 
“Be quiet,” Sam demanded, “something is very strange about this.”
 Inside the cigar box sat four different items. One was a key ring with two keys. One was just like the key Mr. Johnson had given him, and the other appeared to be a car key. Next to that was a brown leather wallet with an ID card and other miscellaneous cards. There was also some kind of tape, or film thingy. Sam wasn’t sure what it was, but he knew exactly what was below all the other items, three thick stacks of hundred dollar bills. Sam handed the second P.O. Box key to Betty who was still in the middle of a longer than usual happy dance. He told her to find the other box and open it. 
She smiled and said she was “probably the right person for the job, seeing as she was the one who got the first one open. Not everyone has the finesse to do these things you know…” 
Sam interrupted, “yeah, I got it. Just hurry while I count what’s in here.” 
As Sam began counting the money he realized quickly that the first stack had maybe around fifty thousand dollars in it. He put the money, wallet, and “film-thingy” back in the box as he heard another squeal of joy from down one of the hall ways. He peeked down to see Betty holding a briefcase in each hand, doing a happy dance. Sam paused for a moment and half-smiled to himself as he wondered if they had stumbled upon something wonderful. But his smile quickly fell as he noticed out the front window a black car pulling up into the parking lot. 
“The bike!” Sam thought, “They know we’re here.” 
Then a horrible sensation overcame him as he realized they had nowhere to go. They were trapped.

Chapter 5

Sam had to think quickly. He raced back toward Betty and interrupted her happy dance. 
“No more dancing,” he demanded and grabbed the two cases from her hand and quickly locked them along with the cigar box in the big P.O. Box. He took the keys from Betty, and slipped them under his foot in his baby blue Velcro shoe. 
“What’s going on?” Betty asked as Sam continued in a fury of activity. 
“The black car guys are here,” Sam whispered as he grabbed Betty’s hand and ran toward locker 316. 
“Do you have the key?” he asked Betty, who fetched it from her pocket. 
He locked the P.O. Box up, and then began trying to open it again. Just then the door flung open and two men dressed in black suits entered. They looked at each other and smiled as they walked cautiously toward Sam and Betty. Sam pulled the key from the lock and placed his hands in his pockets. Betty glared at the two men and put two fists in the air as if to say she was ready for a fight. The black car men approached and the bearded man on the right began to speak. 
“Do you know who we are?” he asked in a deep and intimidating voice. Sam shook his head, his mind racing in fear, and his stomach aching from the stress. 
He kept thinking over and over, “Wake up, please wake up.” 
The man on the left was tall and wore a smirk on his face. The man who was speaking was shorter, with a barrel chest. Taking off his dark sunglasses he looked Sam straight in the eye and approached him as he continued to talk. 
“We know you have something that belongs to us. Now why don’t you give it to me, and we will take you back to your mom and dad.”
Sam’s eyes fell to the floor. His dad had disappeared when he was eight and nobody seemed to know where he went. Sam never wanted to believe that his dad had abandoned him, but after four long years, he had come to accept the hard reality. Just the man’s mentioning the word “dad” sent Sam’s head and feelings swimming about in his chest.  He knew his dad wasn’t coming to save him from this awful situation. Then he wondered for a brief moment if he could trust these men. Betty, sensing a moment when nobody was talking, spoke up. 
“We don’t know what you’re talking about. We just wanted to see what this key was for, so leave us alone or we will call the police.” 
The bearded man reached slowly into his suit coat to pull something out. His hand emerged holding a leather wallet with a silver badge. 
“We are the police little one…so I suggest you cooperate. Where did you get the key?” 
“Mr. Johnson gave it to me this morning,” Sam said with a shake in his voice. “What is it for?”
 “That’s really none of your business, but I tell you what: If you guys help us out, we can give you a reward of twenty dollars each.”
Sam thought about the money the men had offered and felt the keys pushing the bottom of his foot in the baby blue shoe. He wondered who these men really were, and he wondered if they were really the police. His mind raced through so many scenarios, all of which ended with him wanting to wake up. Why didn‘t they stop after almost hitting him earlier? Why did they chase them near the golf course? And why were they driving past Geezerville with such interest this morning? Most of all, why did they want the key so badly? He had no answers, and he couldn’t think of anything to say. 
Betty again began her hand at negotiating with the two men. “Listen you Big Scary Guys, we couldn’t get the lock open and we don’t know what the key is for. So can we just go?” 
Sam was surprised at the poise and bravery being displayed by Betty in such a stressful situation. The tall man laughed and reached down to grab Betty by the arm. 
“I think you two will be coming with us.” 
Suddenly Sam remembered what Mr. Johnson had told him that morning about trusting no one. He knew they had to find a way to get out of the post office and away from the black car men. The bearded man glanced over at the tall one and told him to “take it easy,” then started looking around the post office to make sure they were all alone. Sam quickly slid to his right where he could see out the front windows. He saw off to the side of the building a gated area that looked locked. In a moment Sam devised a plan, and made eye contact with Betty.  He flashed her a wink and mouthed the words, “follow me” and she returned the wink. Sam reached into his pocket while Betty wiggled around trying to get loose of the tall man’s grip. 
“All right mister, for twenty-bucks you can have the key,” Sam said.  Sam turned and threw the key down the hallway of P.O. boxes. Then he spun back around and stepping toward the tall man, kicked him right in the knee. The tall man let out a frightful moan and letting go of Betty grabbed his knee. The bearded man chased after the key, while the tall man limped after Sam and Betty as they made a beeline for the door. The bearded man called for the tall one to stop, as he retrieved the key and quickly unlocked the P.O. Box. 
“It‘s empty. Get those kids!” he shouted out in anger. Sam and Betty managed to get out the front door and run across the parking lot toward the gate and found it locked with a chain. They looked back and saw the two men burst out of the post office and come running across the sidewalk toward them. Sam pushed Betty toward the fence and told her to slip through. Betty got to the gate and found that the chain was loose enough to open the gate just a little. She sucked in her stomach and just managed to get her head and body to squeeze through the gate. 
Meanwhile the two men had stopped in their tracks facing off with Sam who stood with his back to the small opening of the fence. The bearded man spoke again, 
“Listen boy, it is important that you come with us. We can help you, but you have to trust us.” 
Sam looked past the two men and yelled, “Police Officer, over here, help!” 
For just a moment the two men turned to look behind them and Sam spun around and began squeezing through the fence. The tall man turned back around quickly and grabbed Sam’s arm before could get all the way through the opening in the gate. The bearded man also turned and grabbed Sam’s leg and began to pull. Sam was holding on to the inside of the fence with one hand, and had one leg through. The rest of his body was quickly being pulled back by the black car men. 
Just then, Sam saw a long stick come stabbing at the men over his head. Betty had found a pointy branch lying on the ground and was now using it to poke the men in the face. The first stab got the tall one near his eye, and he let out another scream. The second stab went right for the bearded man, and he let go of Sam and grabbed the stick. Sam slipped his head through and pulled away. 
Both men stood up, staring with looks of deep disdain on their faces. The tall one was still holding his eye while the bearded one inspected the gate to see if he could pry it open. Sam and Betty stood on the other side of the fence staring back. All four looked around assessing the situation. There was barbed wire all along the top of the fence, so the men could not climb over. For now Sam and Betty were safe, but as they looked around they realized that they were in a parking area for the postal vehicles and they had no way out. The four continued staring at each other trying to find a way out and in. Sam grabbed Betty’s hand and turning away from the men, began walking toward the back of the lot. There were lots of postal carrier jeeps parked along the building. Then Sam noticed an old car parked in the far corner of the fenced off area. It was golden and a little rusty. Sam thought for a moment and wondered, “Do you think it was possible that the car key from the cigar box could be the key for that car?”  He reached down and grabbed Betty’s hand again, and they walked quickly toward the back of the lot. They bent down and hid themselves behind the backside of the golden rusty car, and peaked through the back window at the two men who were now facing each other in a heated conversation on the other side of the fence.
Sam took off his shoe, and pulled out the key and inspected it carefully. It was the same make as the old car, and he closed his eyes and prayed it would work. He reached up and slid the key in the passenger side door lock and tried to turn it. The key turned and the lock on the door popped up.  
“Whoever left the cigar box must have also left this car here,” Sam whispered to Betty.  
“And?” Betty asked with her eyebrows raised.  
“And,” Sam said, “I have an idea.”

Chapter 6

Sam opened the passenger car door, and he and Betty slid in on the old brown bench seat. He crawled across and sat in front of the steering wheel. The key slid into the ignition, and Sam tried to start the car. The motor whined and wheezed as it tried to turn over, but it wouldn’t start. Sam reached his foot down to the gas pedal and pressed as far as he could reach and turned the key again. Much to his, Betty, and the two men in black suits surprise, the engine started up with a roar. For the first time since he met Betty, Sam looked over and found her speechless. 
“Do you trust me?” he asked with a serious look in his eyes. 
Betty responded with a nod. 
“I am going to ram the gate, but before I do, I want you to duck down, and hop out of the car.” 
He glanced over to see both the black car men studying him carefully, trying to figure out exactly what he was planning to do next. Sam turned and touched Betty on the shoulder. 
“Pay very close attention Betty, I am going to try and get the men to follow me. You grab the briefcases and the cigar box. Here is this key.” 
Sam unhooked the P.O. Box key from the key in the ignition and handed it to Betty, and continued with the instructions. 
“They are still watching us. But when they see that I am going to ram the gate, they are going to turn and run toward their car. So let them see you duck down, and wait for my signal. When they aren’t looking I want you to jump out and hide behind that postal jeep. Wait until they are out of sight then go back inside the post office and grab all the cases. Then get on your bike and head toward the road down there,” Sam said as he pointed. 
“It leads to the park and you can take the path through the park back toward your house and I will meet you out behind Geezerville.” 
“Geezerville?” Betty asked. 
“I mean Golden Pastures,” Sam said. 
“Betty focus, it is important that nobody sees you. Do you understand?” 
Betty nodded again as Sam turned back to look at the two men, still trying to figure out what kind of kids they were dealing with. Sam’s foot stretched out and barely reached the brake as he held onto the gear shift and put the car in reverse. The car jolted backwards and rammed into the front of a postal jeep creating a loud crash. He stretched his foot a bit further and managed to engage the brake. Sam spun the steering wheel to the left, and pushed the gear shift back up into the “D” position. Sam was not very tall for a twelve year old, so when he had the brake pushed he couldn’t quite see over the dash. 
“Okay, I am going to crash the gate, he said nervously.” 
Betty, no longer speechless chimed in, “well I think we’ve established that you know how to crash into stuff.” 
Sam let of the brake and the front of the car turned toward the gate. Sam sat up to see how his driving was, and found the hood swerving toward another postal jeep. He swerved to correct it, but over corrected and smashed into the headlight of yet another jeep. Driving was harder than it looked, and they swerved hard to the left then to the right, scraping another postal truck parked on the right. 
“The gate, crash the gate,” Betty said, as Sam stretched back down and managed to press the brake and stop the car. “There they go. Hurry, get out of the car,” Sam screamed, knowing they only had a couple seconds to make this happen. Betty hopped out and closed the door. She ran and hid behind one of the lucky vehicles that hadn’t been hit yet. Sam had the car pointed toward the gate, and stretched his foot down toward the gas. The engine revved and the tires squealed as he headed straight for the gate. The two men were at their car, and turned to see the golden, rusty car smash headlong into the gate, sending sparks and metal flying everywhere. The lock and chain broke apart and the gate split in two. Sam turned the wheel hard to the right, and was tried to make it onto the main street. Without stopping the car slammed off a big blue mailbox, sending it to its demise, then bounced over a curb and onto the street. He reached back down to give it some gas, and then looked again to make sure he was still on target. 
The black car guys jumped in their car and raced after him. Soon they were on his tail. Sam turned onto the first side street he came to, wiping out a couple mailboxes in the process. The black car followed down the small street and within moments had pulled along the driver’s side of Sam’s rusty old car. The tall man in sitting in the passenger seat held a hand over his eye, and stared at Sam with the other. He looked shocked to see Sam yank the steering wheel hard to the left and slam into their shiny black car. The man glared in anger at Sam with his good eye, and Sam could tell he was becoming quite agitated. The bearded man tried to slow down to get away from Sam’s crazy driving. But Sam yanked the steering wheel again, and swung in front of the black car.  Both cars were sent careening out of control over the sidewalk and through a white picket fence into the front yard of a little white house. Sam tried to reach for the brake, but it was too late as both cars smashed through the front corner of the old house. The men in the black car were wedged between the house’s wall and Sam’s rusty car, and were trying desperately to find a way to get out. Sam, a little shaken up, but with his wits about him realized he could probably get the back passenger’s side door open. So he dove over the front seat into the back. A young lady, holding a little baby stood stunned with her mouth open on a little front stoop. As Sam clambered out of the wreckage, he looked up to see the baby drop its pacifier from its mouth as it mimicked its mother’s look of shock. A bmx bike was leaning against what was left of the fence, and Sam ran toward it. “Sorry about your house ma’am,” he said in his politest manner, “may I borrow your bike?” The woman didn’t respond, and Sam took that as a yes as he fled the scene on the bike and headed back toward the post office. As he rode off, he glanced back to see the men still stuck in their car, with the bearded man screaming into a cell phone. “I bet that is not a pleasant phone call,” Sam said to himself, smiling as he rode off.  
As he turned back up the road, and headed back toward the post office he thought to himself, “that worked out pretty well. Well at least for me, not so well for that lady I guess.” Sam’s thoughts quickly turned to Betty and he wondered if he could catch her and started peddling as fast as he could. He passed the post office and saw that her pink bike was gone and so continued up the main street and turned down a narrow road toward the park. As he rode, he heard sirens and glanced back to see police lights flashing, heading the other way. After a minute or two he had caught up to Betty who was peddling furiously trying to get away from all the commotion. He called to her, and she slowed down in front of a path that turned into the park. The two kids were out of breath, and their hearts were beating fast as they got off their bikes and walked onto the park path. Betty asked Sam what had happened and he filled her in on his first driving lesson. “Luckily there weren‘t a lot of cars on the road today,” Sam said with a smile, “Lucky there weren’t a lot of pedestrians on the sidewalks,” Betty added with her eyebrows raised. Sam chuckled, and then spotted a small wooden covered picnic area. “Let’s rest a minute and figure out what is going on,” he suggested, and Betty agreed. They both could feel themselves calming down as they sat down at a picnic table. Nobody was around, and they felt somewhat safe for the first time in a while. Setting the two briefcases and the cigar box on the table, they opened them. To their surprise they found the two cases crammed full of stacks of hundred dollar bills. Betty began trying to figure out how much money was in the briefcases while Sam opened the cigar box and began inspecting the items. He flipped through the wallet. The ID card had the name Henry Hackensack, with an address in Aldersgate, a city about four hours away. He wondered who Henry was, and why he left his wallet and all the money. He found some miscellaneous business cards and a few dollar bills, but nothing that interested him. He picked up the film thingy, and opening the opaque case, he pulled it out and inspected it closely. 
“I think there must be around thirty million dollars here,” announced Betty. She grinned as though she thought they had found a great treasure. Sam looked over at her, and for a moment realized that she was extremely bright but not really clued into the danger of this situation. Sam knew that that amount of money was not a good find. “If you find twenty dollars, that is a good find,” he thought, but he knew that thirty million dollars was worth more than both their lives put together. 
“Can we keep it?” Betty asked. 
“I think ‘finders-keepers’ only applies to less than a dollar Betty,” Sam said, “I think it is harder to keep this much money.” 
“So what’s next, where should we take this money? What’s with the cassette?” Betty asked. 
Sam smiled at her, and knew she was back to her normal talking-without-stopping self. 
“What’s a cassette?” he asked. 
“It’s what you’re holding, what do you think it’s for?” 
“No idea, but I know who would know. Let’s head back to Mr. Johnson’s and ask him.”
The two of them walked carefully back toward Geezerville, using the park as a cover and staying out of the way of any people. The park ran a ways across town and had a large wooded area that bordered on the back of Golden Pastures Retirement home. Sam and Betty walked through the woods and stayed out of sight, but as they emerged from the forest behind the retirement home, they came onto a scene of commotion and mayhem. 
They carefully snuck into Geezerville’s back picnic area and ducked behind a metal tool shed. Peeking around the corner they tried to see what was going on, and saw a street filled with fire trucks, ambulances and police cars. Tall men in suits were standing around, and they saw some men in white uniforms pushing what appeared to be a person on a gurney toward an ambulance. 
Mrs. Johnson walked next to the gurney holding what Sam realized was Mr. Johnson’s hand. The men in white and Mr. and Mrs. Johnson disappeared into the back of an aid-car, and drove off, lights flashing. Sam’s heart began to pound, and his chest felt tight as a new found fear entered his body. Betty pushed right up next to him, as they stepped out to see their entire neighborhood infested with what appeared to be about twenty long black cars all with tinted windows. Sam grabbed Betty’s hand and quietly pulled her back into the woods.

Chapter 7

Sam and Betty tiptoed back into the woods, and crouched down behind a large fallen tree. All of a sudden Sam realized that this dream had turned into a nightmare. Sam had never been more ready to wake up than at this point. He closed his eyes and held back some tears, and tried to think of what to do, but his mind could only think about waking up. Betty sat next to him; she broke the silence with some thoughts. 
“Well, we didn’t expect that,” she stated matter-of-factly. “Apparently, poking that guy in the face with a stick made him mad, ‘cause I think he called all his buddies in the black-car-club to come get us.” 
“What next, Samuel my friend?” she said, trying to give him some encouragement. 
Sam opened his eyes, and looked down at her with a sorry look of dejection on his face.  “I have no idea.” he said, “This is really, really bad.” Sam hung his head again, and closing his eyes he felt Betty reach out and put her hand on his shoulder. 
“I know what to do,” she said with a grin, “let’s go to Hans’ house.”
“Who is Hans” Sam asked, not really listening as he focused on keeping it together and keeping tears back. 
“Hans is going to help us. He is my friend, he is in high school, and he is just the person we need because he is not very smart.” Sam started to pay attention as Betty continued uninterrupted. 
“Hans will help us, and he won’t ask any questions ‘cause he only thinks about one thing at a time. If we show him a little money, he will lose his mind, and do whatever we ask. The question I have for you Samuel my pal, is where are we going?” 
Sam stared blankly at her, and she continued, “I’ll tell you where we are going; we are going to find out who this Henry guy is. Hans is my brother’s best friend and his family is old friends of my family. They live down on the other side of the park. Let get over there quickly.”
Sam nodded his head, and got to his feet with Betty pulling on his arm. She was determined and he had no other options, so he started walking. As they walked they both began to feel hungry, and Sam remembered his granola bar in his back pocket. He pulled it out, and Betty did the same. The bars were a little smashed, but eating gave them a little boost of energy as they carefully made their way across the park toward the Erikson’s house. 
It was about a twenty minute walk to the Erikson’s home, and they had to get past two main cross-streets. They hid behind trash cans and bushes, but managed to get to the Erikson’s front door without being spotted by any black cars. Betty, holding a briefcase in her right hand, knocked on the front door with her left one. Sam kept watch, clutching a briefcase in one hand and the cigar box close to his chest.
Mrs. Erikson opened the door and greeting Betty with a smile, invited them in. Betty darted into the kitchen and found a pencil and piece of paper; she moved deliberately and seemed to be in control. Sam introduced himself to Mrs. Erikson as “Betty’s friend.” She looked kind, but preoccupied with other things.  
“Nice to meet you” she said politely. The phone rang, and Mrs. Erikson went into the kitchen to answer, leaving Sam in the hallway by himself. Betty passed her as she left the kitchen and moved down the hallway, motioning Sam to follow behind. Turning a corner, they climbed some stairs to the second floor, where she approached a bedroom and knocked. 
Sam stood behind Betty, waiting for something to happen. In those few moments of silence he realized yet again that he had forgotten that he was in a dream. More and more he was getting caught up in all the details of the day, which appeared so vivid and real. He thought about his new friend Betty, who he had only met a couple hours ago. But at that moment he felt that he trusted her with his life. He wondered why this ten-year-old girl with a freckled face and a missing tooth would be so kind to him. The knocking on the door continued, until Betty had had enough and stormed into the room. 
“Hans Erickson, what are you doing in bed?” she let loose. “Get out of bed. I need your help.” 
Hans sat up with a startled look, “Betty?” “What are you doing in my room?” 
“I told you, get up and get dressed,” Betty snapped as she continued to bark orders. She grabbed a black backpack and emptied all its contents on the floor. The floor was already strewn with clothes and general unseemliness, so the extra mess she created didn‘t seem to bother Hans. 
Betty threw the bag at Sam and told him to transfer “the stuff” into the backpack. Sam discretely went to a corner and started piling the money into the backpack all the while continuing to be amazed at how precise and clear thinking Betty was for a ten-year-old. She walked over to him reached over his shoulder into the backpack, and pulling out one of the bills she stuffed it in her pocket.
Turning back towards Hans, who had donned a shirt and pants, she began to speak with a smooth and soothing tone. “Hans, this is my friend Sam. We need your help, and we don’t really have time to explain it all.” Hans rubbed his eyes and looked half asleep as Betty continued. 
“Can you drive us out to McDougal’s Department store? We can pay you for your trouble. Sam’s dad owns a computer business and is a millionaire, so he has tons of money, and we need to buy some snacks.
Hans shrugged and said “why should I?”
“Also, I will give you $100 dollars for your backpack,” she added with a smile on her face, pulling the bill from her pocket. Hans looked carefully at Betty, and then a grin appeared across his face as he said “when do we go?” 
Hans walked toward Betty, shuffling through the dirty laundry all over the floor, his hand stretched out. Betty pulled the bill back and ordered him to listen carefully. 
“Hans, the catch is we need to get to McDougal’s without being seen. When we get there we need you to help us buy some stuff. But like I said, if you help us, there are lots of these in it for you,” she said, waving the hundred dollar bill just beyond his outstretched hand. 
Sam finished packing all the money in the big black backpack. He shoved the wallet and cassette in the side pocket and heaved it over his shoulder. It was bulging and heavy. Betty handed the bill to Hans who fell backwards on his bed inspecting it. Hans must have been about seventeen-years-old, but he looked like a six-year-old with a big piece of candy. Betty sat down at a desk hidden beneath a pile of Hans’ stuff, and pulled out the paper and pencil she had retrieved from the kitchen. She began to write a note, as Sam walked over to get filled in on the plan. 
“I am writing my mom a quick note. We can’t call the house, I am sure the black car guys are there,” she said matter-of-factly. “Hans will get us out of town and we can go into McDougal’s to get supplies. Then we can head out of town toward Aldersgate. Do you know how to get there?” she asked as she looked up from writing at Sam who stood thinking. 
“I use to live there, it’s actually pretty easy,” Sam said. Then he agreed, “You’re right about finding Henry Hackensack, he may be the key to understanding where all this money came from and why those black car guys want it.” 
“And don’t forget the cassette tape” Betty added. 
“What about your friend Hans?” Sam whispered, “How does he fit in?” They both turned to see Hans searching through the mess on his floor trying to find a pair of matching shoes. 
“He’s perfect.” Betty said softly, “Hans is a simple minded kid; he cares about two things, his hair and his tunes. Both cost him a lot of money, and if money is to be gained, he loses all interest in everything else.”
As they made their way to the car Sam and Betty were careful to check for black cars driving past. There was a lot less commotion in the Erikson’s neighborhood, and they were glad for that. Hans drove a small car with four doors and a small trunk. It looked like it hadn’t been washed since the day it was brought home from the dealer, so saying it was a white car would have been generous. 
“We should stay out of sight, let’s ride in the trunk,” Sam suggested. 
“Good thinking,” Betty agreed. She unveiled their plan to Hans who agreed without asking any questions. Sam climbed into the trunk, shoving the bag in toward the back, and thought to himself, that Hans must be one of the messiest and most gullible people he had ever met. Betty squeezed in next to Sam, and Sam reached up and slammed the car trunk shut. The trunk smelled bad, and Sam tried to wiggle around and get in a comfortable position. No matter which way he turned, he could not get away from the putrid smell, so he tried holding his breath as the car started up and they bounced out of the driveway.
“Are you scared?” whispered Betty, “I am a little scared. I’ve never ridden in a trunk before, I hope we are safe. Hans is not known for being the best driver, although after seeing you drive, I think he can‘t be that bad. How long does it take to get to McDougal’s?” 
The questions and general talking continued until it was interrupted by a loud electric guitar solo, that blasted their ears. Sam and Betty clasped their hands over their ears, and Sam could hear Betty scream, “See, I told you, his ‘tunes.’ Very important.”
They rode this way for a while and Sam began missing Betty‘s talking after a few minutes of Hans’ tunes. The trip was stinky and noisy, but appeared to be going smoothly, until suddenly the car slowed to a stop and the music was turned off. 
“Are we thei,”  Betty started. 
“Shhh” interrupted Sam, don’t talk, we aren’t there,” he said in a whisper.
Outside the car right at the edge of town, Hans had been flagged down by a road block of three black cars. Men in suits with sunglasses motioned for him to stop. Hans rolled down the window, and waited as a stern looking man dressed in a black suit and wearing sunglasses approached his window.

Chapter 8

Sam and Betty lay quietly in the darkness of Hans’ trunk, trying hard to breathe softly as their hearts kept beating harder and faster. They could hear a muffled conversation between Hans and a man, but they couldn’t make out the words. Outside the car, the man in the black suit placed his hand on the top of the car and questioned Hans intensely through the car window. After a series of questions, the man asked Hans if he could search his vehicle, and Hans told the man “if he could show him a search warrant, then he could be his ‘guest.’” 
The man gave Hans a scornful stare then moved toward the back of the car looking through the back windows as he inspected the back seat carefully. Sam lay in the stench wondering what Hans was saying, and if this was the end of their trip. It seemed to be taking forever when the car began to move again as the man in the black suit waved Hans on with a disgusted look on his face. 
“Young people today,” he said to his partner, “no respect.” 
As they began to pick up steam, Betty whispered to Sam, “I told you he was perfect. You can always count on Hans not to cooperate with the authorities.” 
Sam let out a sigh of relief which he regretted as soon as inhaled again, and smelled once more the nasty smell of Hans’ trunk. The car ride to McDougal’s took an eternity for Sam, as he tried to survive on as little oxygen as possible. When the car stopped and the trunk opened the fresh air which flooded in never smelled so good to his nose. Betty rolled out of the trunk, and Sam followed. Turning to grab the backpack he noticed that during the ride, his face had been laying on a dirty gym sock. Betty stepped up beside him. He leaned in the back of the trunk and pulled the backpack toward him, trying to hold back his gag reflex. Hans’ lack of hygiene and general cleanliness was beginning to get to him. 
Betty reached over, discretely unzipped the back pack and pulled out a few of the bills lying on top. They closed the trunk and Sam went around checking the doors to make sure they were locked. Betty explained to Hans that now was when they needed him to help them buy some stuff. He said nothing about the road block, or about them riding in the trunk, or about these hundred dollar bills, he just looked at his reflection in the back window and fussed with his hair as Betty told him what to do. 
Grabbing a shopping cart, the three fugitives entered McDougal’s to buy supplies. In the store Sam moved quickly and nervously, constantly checking to see if any strange men dressed in black were around. Hans on the other hand stopped and checked his hair in every mirror he saw.
Betty started grabbing things she thought they might need as Sam pushed the cart. She grabbed soda pop, a couple bags of chips, and a box of donuts. Sam wanted to go pick out some new shoes, but he felt pressed for time so he didn‘t suggest it. Betty spotted a pink backpack, and ran across the aisle to grab it. Throwing it in the shopping cart she smiled at Sam and offered to “share the load.” Sam watched as Betty flitted about the store, stopping, thinking, and grabbing a few more items: string, a blanket and some sunglasses. He was really beginning to admire Betty, and was glad she had saved him. He would never have admitted it, but he was starting to like it when she smiled at him.
They had left Hans in the music aisle and told him to pick out some new tunes and meet them at the checkout lanes in a couple minutes. Within ten minutes they had met back up, and walked down the row of checkers, inspecting the cashiers at each one. They chose a long line with a large woman, who looked to be middle aged with no make-up or hint of cheeriness about her. 
“I have a feeling this lady is not fulfilling her life-long dreams,” Sam said quietly as the leaned past Betty and grabbed a map from a map stand and a couple of packs of gum. 
“So, how are we going to get to Aldersgate?” Sam asked as they slowly moved forward. Hans was busy checking out his new tunes, and completely oblivious to the fact that Betty was looking at him with a big grin. Betty turned back toward Sam and said, 
“I’ve got an idea, but let’s get out of here first.” 
Betty turned to Hans, placed two hundred dollar bills in his hand, and winked at him. He looked back at her and started patting her crazy red hair. Hans looked pleased to be helping spend someone else‘s money on himself. The lady rung up all the items and placed them in the bags. Sam and Betty stood, trying to look natural, but looking very suspicious. 
“The total comes to sixty-three-dollars and thirty-seven cents,” the lady said. Hans handed her a bill, and she looked at him, and looked at the bill. She held it up to the light, and then wrote on it with an invisible marker. After pushing some buttons on her register, the till rang and sprung open. Just as she turned to place the money in the till, she turned back to Hans and said, “You look kind of suspicious. What are you up to?”
Betty and Sam froze, and looked at Hans. Hans always looked suspicious, and they both wondered what he would say. The cashier looked stern and angry, glaring at Hans, as he began mumbling… “Sorry ma’am, my mom won’t buy the CD’s for me. I know I am only seventeen, but I will be eighteen in a couple months, can you let it slide just this once?” The lady frowned, and let out a sigh, turned back to the cash register, and making change, handed it to Hans and said “next.”
The three grabbed their plastic bags of supplies, and headed out of the store and back to the car. At the car, Hans unlocked the car doors, and Sam began throwing their things on the back seat. Sam popped the trunk, and was relieved to be holding the black backpack again. As he began organizing their things and throwing out some of the garbage strewn about the car, Betty stood outside talking with Hans. She handed him a note she had written back at the Erickson’s house. It was for her mother and asked her not to call the police, and begged her to stay calm. She promised to be back the following day, and told her mom she was safe. She said they would communicate through Hans’ phone, which she asked him to deliver on returning back in town. Betty bent over into the car and again retrieved money from the black backpack. She handed it to Hans who again seemed quite pleased with his new fortune. Waving goodbye to Sam, and checking his hair in the mirror one more time, Hans began walking away.
Betty ran around to the front passenger seat, as she hopped in she looked over at Sam and declared, “I just bought us a ride to Aldersgate. Hop in, you’re driving!”

Chapter 9


Sam walked around the car, and got into the driver’s seat, and once again found himself sitting behind yet another steering wheel. Betty was sitting with her legs crisscrossed facing him in the passenger’s seat. 
“Here’s what I was thinking,” She said enthusiastically, “if you sit on this blanket, and tie something to your shoe you can reach the pedals and maybe try your hand at driving one more time.” 
Sam sat quietly and thought carefully through everything Betty was saying as she continued, “If we leave now we can get to Aldersgate before dark and maybe we can find this Henry guy and find out how much money we can have. I bet you he will give us quite a bit for all the trouble we have been through today. I’ve always wanted a horse, and maybe this is our ticket to getting our parents to give us cell phones. What do you think?” 
Sam looked over at Betty. Her big smile, crazy red hair and freckly face somehow made her crazy idea seem reasonable. He didn’t know how Betty had gotten them out of town, into their own car, had figured out a way to get them to Aldersgate, and could still be so naive as to the seriousness of their situation. Then Sam reminded himself for the hundredth time that day that it was all just a dream and so he decided to go along with the plan. 
“I guess so,” Sam responded, “but we have to be very careful Betty. We have to try not to be seen. Maybe we should wait until after dark to drive there,” Sam pondered aloud, “or maybe we should just try to take back roads and avoid the main highway.”  
There was a moment of silence, and then Betty asked, “Do you know how to get there?”  Sam reached into the back seat and pulled from one of the bags a map and tossed it on Betty’s lap. He reached back again and began hauling up different items. He placed the blanket under his rear end, which gave him a better view over the dash board. Pulling a roll of string from a bag, he searched around to find something to attach to his foot. Betty faced forward and unfolded the map, while Sam turned around to find something in the back seat. He emerged with a box of donuts, and two pops. 
“Before we go anywhere, let’s have something to eat, I am starving.” Betty tried to refold the map but after failing to get it right, she set the semi-folded map on the floor. Sam opened a can of orange soda and handed it to her, then he set a box of chocolate covered donuts between them on the emergency brake and cracked open his own can of soda. It tasted good, and the donuts went perfect with the carbonated orange drinks.
As they sat and ate, Sam shared that he had lived near Aldersgate before his mom and he moved four years ago. He said he knew there was a main highway, but that he thought there was an old highway that also went to Aldersgate that ran through little towns east of the main highway. 
After talking about their plans, and finishing the box of donuts they inspected the map together. 
“Highway Two!” Betty said, pointing to a line on the map, “we need to take this road.” 
“You’re right. How do we get there?” Sam asked, as they both turned back to inspect the map. They didn’t really know were McDougal’s was on the map, so after more inspecting, and turning the map sideways, Sam folded it up and handed it to Betty. 
“I’ve got an idea,” he said. He turned around again and pulled the two backpacks up into the front seat, handing the pink one to Betty. He looked around to make sure no one was watching and opened up the black backpack and started handing piles of money to Betty who began stacking them in the new pink pack.
Then he pulled one bill out and handed it to her, and said, “Put this in your pocket.” After the money was distributed between the two packs, Sam took two stacks of bills, and using the string, tied them to the bottom of his right baby blue Velcro sneaker. He thought to himself as he tied a tight knot, “I am starting to like these shoes, they are kind of comfortable.” Betty collected the cans and the empty donut box and made a trash bag out of one of the empty plastic McDougal’s shopping bags.
Then Sam sat up, “Buckle up,” he said, as he took a deep breath and started the car. The engine came to life, and he gave it a little gas to see how his million dollar shoe-extension worked. Betty sat up and looked like she was getting ready for a ride on a roller coaster. “I’m ready she said with excitement.” 
Luckily for Sam, there was no car parked in front of him and he figured it would be best if he could avoid backing up. He pressed the brake and put the car in gear, and they slowly began to move forward, as Betty whispered, “I believe in you.” It was a little choppy, but Sam managed to get the car out of the parking lot without hitting anyone or even drawing attention to themselves. Across the street from McDougal’s was a gas station, and Sam managed to get the car parked in front of the gas pump. He closed his eyes and prayed that the gas tank was on the driver’s side as Betty handed him the sunglasses. “Wear these,” she said, “they make you look older.” Sam untied his million dollar shoe extension, and put the sunglasses on. He got out of the car, and tried to keep his face turned away from the gas station store. Looking down at the car, he was glad to see the gas tank was on the driver’s side. He unscrewed the cap and waited for Betty to make her move.
Betty looked down at Benjamin Franklin and thought she saw him wink at her. She smiled back at him and shoved the bill in her pocket, hopped out of the car and walked confidently into the gas station, and looked around. She grabbed a candy bar and pulled the hundred dollar bill out of her pocket.
“Fill up on four,” she said to the clerk. The man behind the counter took the bill, inspected it for just a moment, then set it on his cash register, and looked back at Betty. 
“Can I help you with something?” he asked. 
“Actually, you can” replied Betty, “my brother and I are a little lost, we need to know the best way to get to Highway Two.” 
Meanwhile, the gas pump outside had made a thumping noise, so Sam pulled out the nozzle and began pumping gas. It was mid-afternoon on a Saturday and things were quiet around the gas station. Sam was relieved that they were the only customers at the station, and he took deep breaths as he stood wishing the gas would pump faster. Inside the store, the man behind the counter was pointing down the road. 
“Turn right out of the gas station,” the clerk told Betty, “just follow that road for about four miles. You will hit a stoplight. Turn left and you’re on Highway Two heading toward Aldersgate.” 
“Thanks Mr,” Betty said with her innocent smile. She looked around a little, until the man made change and handed her three twenty dollar bills and some coins.
Betty took the money and meandered back to the car. Sam sat waiting in the car, his money-wad was tied back on, and moments later they were on the road, driving forty-miles an hour toward Highway Two. Sam clung tight to the wheel, nervous as he drove, trying to focus. But as Betty continued to talk about stuff, it made Sam feel more relaxed. Having her in the car and seeming so unafraid somehow gave him a sense of confidence he had rarely felt. 
“You’re not a bad driver,” she said. 
“Thanks” Sam said. Hans’ smaller car did seem easier to drive than the big golden rust bucket he had driven earlier. Plus, not having a big black car chasing them made it a lot less stressful. 
“Let’s just hope we don’t have to back up,” he said with a grin. 
The gas tank and their bellies were full, and they soon came to the stop light. Sam, using his left-turn-signal, executed a left turn flawlessly, and the two new friends were on Highway Two heading down the road toward Aldersgate. For a moment they were both happy as they talked, thinking that their adventure would soon be coming to an end.

Chapter 10

After about three hours Sam was really getting the hang of driving. Highway Two was an old highway that stretched through miles of fields, and passed through several small towns. Most people drove on the newer and faster four-lane highway, but for his first time driving, fifty-miles-per-hour seemed plenty fast for Sam. The sun was beginning to go down, and Sam glanced over at Betty. After about two and half-hours Betty had run out of things to say, and was resting her head on the window, looking out at the passing field. “Aldersgate 64 Miles” read a sign they passed. Betty turned to Sam and asked if he was hungry. He nodded and told her they would stop at the next town they came to.

Betty shifted in her seat, and pulled her knees up to her chest. It was quiet, and she looked back to see if anyone was following them. It was her job to keep an eye out the back window. Every time cars began forming a line behind them, she would alert Sam who would pull off the road at the next turn and let everyone pass. About an hour had passed since she had seen any cars. She looked at Sam as he drove. Betty didn’t really like boys, especially the ones at her school. They teased her about her funny hair, about her freckles, about her teeth, about her laugh and about her clothes. She didn’t really care. Her dad always told her to look long and hard at the people you are around. “Before you take their criticism,” he would say, “make sure you would also take their advice.” If Betty knew one thing about the boys at her school, it was that she would never take their advice. She tried not to feel prideful, but she couldn’t help feeling that the boys at her school were all dumber than she was. Last week they were all standing in a circle daring each other to chew gum they had found in the chips of the playground. 
“Really?” she remembered thinking, “if they think my laugh is stupid, they should see their brains.” She thought about her dad, and how he would be getting home from work soon. Somehow she missed him, even though she would not have seen him yet even if she was at home. She wondered how he would react when he found out she was gone. “I can’t imagine he will be happy,” she thought.
Looking back at Sam she watched him holding the steering wheel, and thought about how there was something she liked about him. He was different than the other boys. He wasn‘t dumb like other junior high boys who think making fart noises by squeezing their hands in their armpits somehow constituted normal human behavior. He wasn‘t dumb like high school boys either.  “High school boys think art and classical music is stupid, but dressing up in helmets and running around ramming each other chasing after a weird shaped ball makes you cool.” She thought to herself.
Betty liked Sam the minute she saw him standing in the street, ready to take on a car. She wondered why he was standing in the road. “Was he really sad,” she thought, “or just slow?” But as she sat looking at his short brown hair, and his serious face, she realized he may be the smartest and nicest boy she had ever met. That is, after her dad.
Betty’s thoughts were interrupted, when Sam began slowing down the car and turning into a driveway. “Let’s get something to eat,” he said as he parked the car behind a fast food restaurant, out of sight of the main road. 
“Why don’t you run in and get some food, and I will wait with the money.”
“What do you want?” Betty asked. 
Sam thought for a moment, and then spoke with a smile. “Get me the biggest burger, the biggest fries, and the biggest shake on the menu!” 
Betty laughed, “We might as well live it up while we have the money,” they thought together.
Betty returned twenty minutes later, arms full of brown paper bags soaked in grease, and hands clutching two gargantuan shakes. Sam leaned over and opened the door for Betty. She handed him the shakes and set the brown bags on the front seat. 
“Let’s head up the road, and find a quiet place we can sit and enjoy this,” Betty said. Sam started the car, and began driving away. 
“What took so long?” Sam inquired. 
“I had to go to the bathroom, and let me tell you, I really had to go to…” 
“Got it,” Sam interrupted in order to end the conversation there. They drove out of town a ways, and found a small abandoned fruit stand just off the road. Sam pulled the car around the back where they couldn’t be seen by any passing cars. After turning off the car, he reached down and un-Velcroed his shoes. It felt good to stop and rest. They pushed their seats back and curled their feet up underneath them. Turning toward each other they breathed in the warm smell of fries that had invaded the car. It was the best the car had smelled since Betty bought it from “Hans the slob,” (the name that Sam had given him in his mind.) They sat for that moment, pleased with themselves for getting this far, and for the feast before them. 
As they ate, they talked about life. For the first time in four years, Sam felt like talking and sharing things about his life with someone. He began to share with Betty about his father leaving, and how he and his mother had to leave Aldersgate. He told her that they never knew where his dad went; just that he had abandoned them and never called or contacted them again. They had worried for a long time that he had died. But then one day his Dad’s good friend, Mr. Johnson, had informed them that Sam’s dad had been living a double life and had just decided to leave. 
For the past four years, Sam hadn’t gotten together with one friend. He walked to school alone, ate lunch alone and walked home alone. He spent his time playing video games and reading comic books, despite his mother’s desperate attempts to get him to make friends. Since his dad had left, Sam just didn’t feel like talking or sharing or finding out about other people. As he shared, Betty just listened and responded with remarks like, “wow, you really wasted the past four years of your life,” and “I think video games are stupid.” Sam genuinely enjoyed Betty’s company, and didn’t mind her sarcastic and sometimes brutally honest remarks. At one point, she looked at him without her smile, without even a smirk. In her eyes he noticed a look of compassion as she said, “I’m really sorry about your dad Samuel. I can’t imagine my dad leaving. That must have been so hard.”
 In those few words, somehow Sam felt understood and listened to. He felt for the first time, that maybe he would be okay. Even though his dad may never come back, there were other people in the world that could be friends. 
They continued to talk until it was almost pitch black in the car. After finding a thousand ways they were exact opposites, they finally stumbled on something they had in common, and it was a big thing. The topic of the “crazy dog lady” that lived next door to Sam’s house came up and Sam shared how he always wondered how she kept all those dogs quiet. Betty said her family had discussed that as well, and that her parents thought it was because the crazy dog lady had some kind of disease and used some “special medicine” that the dogs also got a taste of, which made them “feel better” as well. Betty said she didn’t understand, but it made her parents laugh. Sam told her about the story of how the dog lady had picked up the dog poop on the front step with a used Kleenex, and they both moaned in disgust. 
“I hate dog poop,” Sam moaned, “I think it is so gross that it is not worth having dogs around.” 
“Me too,” responded Betty, “I hate dogs, and not because one bit me, but because of what happened to me last winter.” Betty went on to tell the story of the Christmas day it had snowed when she was eight. “It was the first snow that year, and it was white and powdery and lovely,” she said emphatically. “After getting bundled for twenty minutes, I went out in my brand new pink winter coat. I loved that coat; it had a big hood, with big fluffy pink fur all along the edge. I had only worn it a couple of times when I went outside to play with my cousins who were visiting. We ran around in the front lawn, and then, with joy in my heart, I ran to the middle of the lawn, fell back and made what I thought would be the most perfect and beautiful snow angle in the world. I got up to look at my creation, when I noticed it was not perfect, and it did not smell beautiful. There was the biggest brown dog pile you have ever seen, smeared across my snow angel, and my brand new coat.” Betty continued the story with her voice moving from dramatic to melancholic for effect, as she painted a wonderful look of disgust across Sam’s face. “My mom tried to clean the coat. She said it smelled fine, but I could never get past the fact that somewhere in the fibers of my beautiful pink coat, was sitting such a horrible, rotten, germy stench.”
Sam broke into a roar of laughter. He fought back tears as he let loose and laughed the hardest he had laughed in four years. As he regained control of himself, he told Betty that his hatred of dog poop came from a very similar situation. 
“Do tell,” Betty said with anticipation, and Sam began his story. 
“I was eight years old, and I got a new trampoline for my birthday. I was so excited. My mom blindfolded me, and led me to the…” Sam stopped. His eyebrows scrunched as he noticed over Betty’s shoulder the darkness being broken by a small light. 
“And?” Betty urged. But Sam told her to be quiet, he had a terrible feeling in his stomach about what would happen next. Both the darkness and the quiet of the evening were shattered by the roars of motors and headlights coming toward them down Highway Two. 
“Sam, are those the black car guys?” Betty asked, as she slid back toward him. Sam grabbed her shoulders, and spoke very seriously to her, “I don’t know, but I would rather be safe than sorry.”
Just a few moments later, a stream of black cars came flying down the highway, one right after the other. One of the cars turned off into the parking lot of the fruit stand. It slowly made its way around the back, and pulled up behind Sam and Betty’s car. Two doors came open at the same time, and two men stepped out into the darkness. As they came into the brightness of the headlights of their car, Sam and Betty saw a tall man with a white patch of gauze over his eye. Standing next to him was a bearded man, and both of them were walking slowly toward the back of Hans’ car.

Chapter 11

Sam and Betty crouched behind an old pile of crates, under the cover of darkness at the edge of the pavement. They huddled close together, shaking in fear, as they peered through the cracks in the stack of crates. They watched as the two men inspected Hans’ car with flashlights. The doors of the car were locked, and Sam had made sure he had collected all their belongings, throwing them in their backpacks. They had run across the darkened parking lot, narrowly escaping, just moments before the black car pulled around the abandoned fruit stand. They heard the bearded man talking in a low voice as he felt the hood. 
“The engine is still warm, they might still be around,” he said to his partner. The tall man with the patched eye turned and started walking toward Sam and Betty, shining his flashlight on the stack of crates and into the field behind them. Sam put his arm around Betty as they put their heads down and waited. The tall patch-eyed man walked up next to stack of crates and slowly panned his flashlight back and forth over the field behind the two fugitives. Sam closed his eyes, and held his breath as he felt Betty’s grip tighten on his arm. He could feel the man’s presence right on top of him as he took a step further. Sam glanced over and could see the man coming into view. At that moment the bearded man called out, and the tall man turned and headed back to the car. As the two men got back in their car, Sam again looked through the crack to see what was going on. He saw the bearded man talking on his phone again. 
Sam whispered to Betty, “When I say so, we are going to walk very quietly backwards. So just follow my lead, and be very quiet.” 
Betty continued to clutch Sam’s arm with a death grip as they waited for just the right moment. The bearded man set down his phone, and turned the off the car engine. The headlights went out and for a moment it was pitch black. Sam stepped back and Betty let go of his arm and grabbed his hand as the two of them slowly and carefully snuck backward into the field behind the fruit stand and into the darkness of the night. When they were out of earshot of the car, they turned and began running as fast as they could.
It was a particularly dark night. Even as their eyes began to adjust to the darkness, they had a hard time making their way through the bumpy field filled with holes, rocks and clods of dirt. Several times Sam stumbled, and once Betty fell flat on her face. 
“I think I landed in dog poop,” she said quietly, which made Sam chuckle inside, despite the immense fear he felt beating in his chest. As his heart raced, he knew it was only a matter of time before they found their footprints and began following them. The two continued to stumble through the muddy field until they came to a dirt road. 
“I need to stop,” Betty sighed. 
Sam stopped in the middle of the road and put his hands on his knees. Betty was out of breath, and was still clutching the blanket, which she had been dragging behind her in the dirt and mud all across the field. 
“Here, let me take that,” Sam said, folding the blanket up and shoving it between his back and his backpack. 
“Let’s keep walking,” Sam suggested. The two of them made their way down the path in the dark, loaded beneath their heavy packs. After about five minutes of walking, the path came alongside a dike with a gravel road running along the top. Sam decided to climb to the top to see if he could get a better view. The grass had become slippery with evening dew, and Sam realized it was starting to get late. He managed to get to the top of the dike, and looked back across the field. He could see the abandoned fruit stand surround by headlights, and dark figures holding flashlights. Sam called in a soft voice for Betty to come up. But she couldn’t find her footing to get up the small hill. Sam ran back down, and slipped and fell on his rear end. Betty laughed. “Not funny” he said with a serious tone, and grabbed her hand. Sam pulled his friend to the top of the dike and they began walking down the gravel road. Then in the distance, across the field, they suddenly heard the sound of barking dogs. Sam looked back across the field and could see the flashlights pointing the way they had run. It sounded like there were two or three dogs barking and howling. 
“We need to run,” Sam told Betty, “hold my hand.” 
Betty grabbed hold, and they set of jogging as best they could under the weight of all the money they were carrying. 
“I wish we found less money,” Betty panted, “my legs can’t go any further.” 
As they came to a stop to take a breath, the dogs’ barking began to grow louder. Sam knew they were running out of time.

Chapter 12

Exhausted from the chase but energized by their fear, Sam and Betty started running again as the dogs’ barking became louder and more threatening. Sam knew he had to think of something quick. He noticed they were running next to a wide river or maybe an irrigation ditch. Sam couldn’t really tell in the darkness. 
“Can you swim?” Sam asked Betty as they ran. 
“I’m ten and half, of course I can swim,” Betty huffed, offended by the question. Sam looked for a place to cross, but the bank was steep and rocky, and Sam noticed the black water was moving pretty fast. 
“It must be a river,” he said out loud. Then he thought to himself that it would make it harder to cross with the water moving so fast. He was trying to gauge how far the river was across. Maybe thirty or fifty feet he though. He couldn‘t really tell, when suddenly he spotted a bridge up ahead. As they got closer, he spied below the bridge what looked to be the shadowy shape of a small boat. 
“Faster,” he ordered Betty, who tried harder to run. But she simply could not go any faster. The dogs’ barking and yelping grew louder with every passing second, and Sam could tell they were getting close to the dike. 
“We gotta get to that bridge before they are on the dike, or they will see us,” he thought. 
At that point Betty was, at best, walking fast. Sam walked behind her and helped her off with her backpack.  He placed the straps over his shoulders carrying it like a baby on his chest. 
“Just a little further,” he said in a kind and understanding voice.
Betty, free of her load, mustered up the strength to run a little more. They reached the bridge just as Sam looked back to see lights appear on the dike road. Sam and Betty scurried down under the bridge over the big rocks. There was a little sandy area where a wooden rowboat was sitting tied to a coffee can filled with cement. 
“Get in the boat,” Sam ordered. 
Betty climbed in and sat down on the damp wooden seat, completely out of breath. Sam threw the backpacks in at her feet and turned to fetch the cement filled coffee can. He hoisted it into the front of the boat and began pushing it toward the swirling river. 
Betty spoke up, “I hope this boat doesn’t have holes in it, or we are going to sink.” Sam continued to push as hard as he could, as the boat slowly slid across the sand toward the river. “Well, we are going to find out,” he thought to himself as he managed to get the boat in the water. He jumped in as the moving river pulled the boat away from the shore.
A moment later the two of them sat, Sam’s blue Velcro shoes sopping wet, staring at each other as the river began taking the boat downstream. The dogs continued to bark frantically as the flash lights flailing in the dark of the night came closer and closer to the bridge. Sam could hear voices now, and knew they were not yet safe. 
“So far so good, we aren’t sinking yet! Isn’t that nice?” Betty declared.  
Sam found an oar and began trying to help the little old boat spin down the river faster. 
“Did you forget to bring the motor?” asked Betty as Sam continued the futile task of rowing with the oar. Sam looked up to see the bridge getting smaller and smaller, while the dogs barking got louder and men‘s voices became clearer. He reached over and placed the two backpacks in the middle of the boat between his seat and the seat in the back where Betty sat. 
“We have to be very quiet, we can’t talk at all,” he said. “Lay down here,” he whispered, as he guided Betty to lay with her head on the middle seat with her body draped across the backpacks. Sam lay down next to her, and grabbed the muddy and slightly moist blanket. As he spread it over them he heard Betty whisper, “I hope that is water on the blanket and not your sweat.” 
“Shhh!” said Sam as he peeked over the top of the blanket to see dogs and men stopped on the bridge. Sam could see the search party scanning the river, but knew their boat was out of range of the flashlights. He watched the search party breakup and begin moving slowly down either side of the river. The dogs had stopped barking, and Sam noticed the dark shadows of the men were getting smaller and smaller.  Soon all they could hear was the sound of the water lapping the side of the boat.
The river was moving fast, and he knew the men could not catch them at the rate they were going. Sam and Betty lay on the backpacks under the blanket waiting as the river rocked and spun the old wooden boat swiftly down the river and away from their pursuers.
After what seemed like hours, but was only a few minutes, the search party was long gone, and Sam and Betty sat up opposite of each other and began looking around. They noticed that the river seemed to be getting faster, and Sam could see white caps forming around their boat.  
“We better get to shore,” Sam said in a concerned voice. “The river is getting rougher and…” Sam was interrupted by a loud crash and felt the boat jolt under him as he grabbed the side. The boat began to bounce and ricochet off rocks.  Betty tried to hold on, but as the boat hit another rock, she lost her grip and went flying toward the raging river. As her stomach hit the edge of the boat, she felt Sam’s hand grab the back of her shirt and pull her back toward him. They huddled down in the bottom of the boat holding tight to their backpacks. The little boat continued to sway in the wild current and splashes of cold water hit them in the face. As they waited and held on, they noticed the bottom of the boat was taking on water quickly. Sam looked up stream and could see a bend coming in the river. He found the oar, and began trying to guide the tattered little vessel nearer to the shore. As the river turned, it sent the little boat with its two wet travelers onto a small sandbar. When Sam felt the boat scraping bottom, he jumped out and pulled the boat up near the shore. With the boat stable, Betty pulled the backpacks out of the water in the bottom of the boat, and setting them on the middle seat, she folded the wet blanket.
Soon Sam had pulled the boat by some rocks near the shore where he helped Betty out of the boat. He handed her the pink backpack and she waited on shore while he grabbed the blanket and strapped his black backpack on his back. He was tired and his shoes were sopping wet. There was a light in the distance that came from a small farmhouse near the river. Sam decided they better find a place to rest soon and thought maybe there would be a barn or some shelter they could stay the night in near the house. As they walked, Sam’s baby blue Velcro sneakers were sloshing and making funny noises. “Sorry, my shoes keep farting,” Sam said. Betty just shook her head, “boys are so weird,” she thought.
The farmhouse was only about a five minute walk away. As they walked Sam felt calm for a few moments. Even with his feet freezing from the water, his back aching from running with a heavy backpack and his stomach hurting from the combination of stress and a huge burger, fries and shake, he felt peaceful in the cold night air. 
“How are you doing Betty?” Sam asked, reaching to hold her hand, and then pulling his hand back so as not to be weird. 
“I’m tired, and my legs are sore. Also, I am hungry and I left my candy bar in the car.” Betty continued sharing her feelings on the day, while Sam began to think about what to do next. He looked ahead and could see smoke coming from the chimney of the old farmhouse. He thought again about hiding in the barn outside, or finding shelter somewhere else. But as he walked and listened to his friend’s aches and woes, he decided to just knock on the front door. They walked up the front steps, and standing on a mat that read welcome, they looked at each other, and Sam reached out and knocked.

Chapter 13

The sound of rapping brought an elderly woman to the front door to find two very muddy children shivering on her front porch.
 “May we come in?” Betty blurted out. 
The woman stood to the side as Betty burst in leaving Sam alone on the porch.  Sam walked carefully into the house past the old woman. As he entered he glanced up at her and they sized each other up. The woman had short grey hair, and she was large. She wore neon green sweatpants, a big purple sweater covered by a knitted pink shawl. She had big glasses, and stared at the kids with a look of suspicion. The woman placed both of her hands on her wide hips and began to question them. 
“Who in Sam Hill’s name are you? And what are you doing here at this ungodly hour of the night? Why in tarnation are you covered in mud, and why in heaven’s name are you walking around my house in those muddy shoes? Take them off, and stop gawking, for Pete’s sake. Speak up!” 
Betty ran over and stood next to Sam and they both set their backpacks on the floor and bent down to take off their shoes. “Our names are Samuel and Betty,” Betty responded with a smile. We are on a mission to get to Aldersgate. But these very mean men were chasing us, so we took a boat down the river and got off at your house. We are very cold and tired and a little scared, so we were wondering if we could stay here for a while.” 
Sam realized that the way Betty and the old woman talked, he may not have to speak for some time. “Where in blazes are your parents,” the woman asked, “I can’t keep a couple of runaways here.” 
“My parents let me go this morning and I told them we would be back tomorrow, and Samuel doesn’t have a dad and he doesn’t know where his mom is. As you can imagine that must be really hard for him, so that’s why I have been helping him.” 
“And why may I ask, in blue blazes, are you carrying around those backpacks and what in Caesar’s great ghost are you doing with that muddy blanket? Well, never mind, you both look colder than an Eskimo pie, come in and we’ll get you cleaned up and you can tell me your story. My name is Martha. You two can take turns using the bath upstairs, there is soap and towels. I will fetch some pajamas for you while I wash your clothes. Betty, you go first and Samuel, you go put some wood on the fire, I have some questions for you.”
With that, Betty went upstairs, stopping to look at all the shelves filled with old books and dusty knick-knacks that lined every wall in Martha’s old farmhouse. Sam made his way to the fireplace which was located in the corner of the large living room. Off to the right was a large kitchen area with a table. Sam looked around the little house and observed plastic-covered furniture, packed bookshelves, old pictures, knitted afghans and lots of trinkets everywhere. He thought to himself that if there wasn’t furniture everywhere the room would feel a little bigger, but Martha’s home also felt safe, and so he knelt down by the fireplace and tried to figure out how to open it. 
“You can call me Sam,”  he said as he opened the small door on the black pot-bellied stove. Placing a log on the red coals he sat down on a little stool near the stove and rested. It felt good to be warming up. With all the excitement over the past hour, he had not realized how cold he was. Martha put a kettle of water on the stove then busied herself finding clothes for the kids. She went upstairs, and returned holding Betty’s muddy clothes. She noticed Sam looking around with a look of wonder on his face. 
“This house is over a hundred-years-old,” she said, as she began running water into a large basin in the kitchen sink. “My husband and I bought it before the war. He was a farmer, and a darn good one, but he passed way about forty years ago.” 
“You’ve been here all by yourself for forty years?” Sam asked, turning toward the kitchen. 
“Heavens to Betsy, no!” exclaimed Martha, “I have always had friends and foster children living with me, mostly troubled teens. It has kept me company over the years, but I am getting to old for that now.” 
“Is that why you have these clothes?” Sam asked pointing to the folded pajamas waiting for him to take his bath. 
“Yep, by golly I have had many young teens come through this house, with many tragic stories. Speaking of which, what is your story?”
Sam sat warming his toes by the fire, and told Martha everything about the day’s events just as they had happened. He hesitated for a moment when he got to the part about the money and remembered Mr. Johnson‘s words about not trusting people. Looking down he paused and thought about Betty, and how she had gotten him out of trouble. Then looking back at Martha‘s kind face he thought about asking her opinion of Jimmy Carter, but instead proceeded to spill the beans about the money. Martha was busy scrubbing Betty’s clothes in a basin, and responded to Sam’s story with many “good gracious me’s,” and “my lands,” and her favorite, “for Pete’s sake.” Sam was afraid that Martha might try to call the police, but she didn’t even flinch when he told her about the bags of money, and she didn’t seem to want to see it to verify that he was telling the truth.
Soon Betty came downstairs, her red hair soaked and hanging over her face hiding her freckly cheeks, but not her wide smile. She was in a pink pajama gown, and Martha scurried over to her and told her to get back upstairs and use a towel on her hair or she would catch “her death.” Betty did, and Sam looked over at Martha with his face strained with worry.
“You’re not going to call the cops, are you Ma’am?” 
Martha looked up and thought for a moment, then said, “Yes I am…” she started looking around the room franticly, “…if I could only find that blooming phone!” 
Turning back to Sam she grinned, “Oh, that’s right, I don’t have one of those new-fangled contraptions.” She broke into a laugh, and Betty came running back down with the towel wrapped around her head. 
“What’s going on?” she demanded, “What happened?” 
“Oh, nothing dear,” Martha said, “Samuel and…I mean Sam and I were just talking about what we are going to do tomorrow. It sounds like we need to take you two to Aldersgate at the crack of dawn. So let’s get you to bed, it is almost mid-night.” Sam smiled, and got up to go take his bath. It sounded good to put some clean clothes on. Martha walked over and stoked the fire, she told him to hurry and leave his clothes outside the bathroom door so she could get to washing them. Sam ran upstairs, and Betty sat down on a couch, rubbing her head with the towel. 
“Martha” she asked, “Why are you helping us?” 
Martha paused, and then said simply, “It looked like you kids needed help.”
Martha finished scrubbing and rinsing Betty’s clothes, and walked over to a contraption next to the sink. 
“What is that,” Betty asked. 
“It’s a wringer,” Martha said, “Don’t tell me you don’t use one of these at your house. They are one of the greatest inventions on God’s green earth,” she noted as Betty came over to see how it worked. Betty helped, as Martha placed the edge of her pants between two rollers. 
“Now turn that handle,” Martha ordered. Betty tried to turn it, but it was hard. “Put your back into it,” Martha said with a smile before reaching over and helping Betty turn the crank. Sure enough, the pants went through the roller, squeezing the water out of the pants and down into the sink. Betty was thrilled to be introduced to such a useful invention, and asked if she could wring her shirt as well. Martha smiled as the tea kettle began to whistle, and reached over and turned the stove off.
 “You certainly may, but first go retrieve Sam’s clothes, would you dear.” Betty ran upstairs and returned shortly, handing Martha the dirty jeans and red shirt. Dashing back over for more fun at the wringer she found that her shirt was much easier, and she felt good that she had done it herself, as Martha worked quickly to scrub Sam’s clothes.
Sam came back downstairs in a pair of light blue button-up pajamas with yellow stripes, and Betty ran over to meet him at the bottom of the stair. She grabbed his hand and pulled him to see the wringer. They worked together to wring out his clothes, and hung them next to hers on a rack next to the fireplace. Martha prepared them each a cup of tea, and they all sat for a few minutes sipping tea and telling stories. The fire warmed their cheeks, and Martha told them the story about the time the river flooded and the water came up to her doorstep. She told them that they had had to take a boat into town for supplies. Sam and Betty loved hearing Martha’s stories, but after about twenty minutes, she got up, and set her tea cup on the tray.
 “Betty, be a darling and take the tea cups to the kitchen,” she said, and “Sam, please knock the dirt off your shoes outside, and put them by the fireplace so they can dry out.” 
Martha walked over to add wood to the fire, as Sam walked over and picked up his baby blue Velcro shoes. He opened the door, and walked out on the front porch to clap his shoes over the rail. As he clapped his shoes, he heard the faint sound of a car motor off in the distance. He froze and waited as the sound got louder and louder, and then ran to the edge of the porch and poked his head around the side of the house. Coming up the long driveway he saw two headlights. He quickly darted back into the house, and announced with a sigh of despair, “The black car guys are back…again!”

Chapter 14

“What are we going to do?” Betty yelled as she began to run around in a panic. Martha was calm, and ordered the children up to bed as she grabbed Sam’s sneakers from his hand, and picked up Betty’s shoes. The kids had started upstairs then Martha called them back to take their backpacks with them and reminded them not to turn on any lights. Taking the muddy blanket, and shoes, Martha went through the house, trying to hide any evidence of her two young visitors. She pulled their wet clothes from the drying rack, and hid their tea cups in a cupboard. Thinking to herself that the house looked in order, she sat down in her chair, threw a yellow afghan over herself, picked up her knitting needles and began to knit.
Upstairs, Sam and Betty found the spare bedroom, and entering it they closed the door quietly. They put their backpacks in a closet, and Betty sat down on the floor with her back pressed against the door. Sam crawled across the floor and peeking through the window he tried to see who was coming. He couldn’t see anything, so he crawled back across the floor and sat next to Betty. They waited in the darkness of the room, a tiny beam of light from outside lit up a few dark shadows on the wall. The darkness heightened their sense of hearing, and soon they heard a knock on the front door. They couldn’t hear what was being said, but they heard muffled voices and wondered what was happening downstairs.
The men in black suits stood on the front porch and questioned Martha about the two children. Martha looked stunned and assured them that she had not heard or seen anything. As the bearded man asked questions, the tall one tried to look in the house to see if anything was amiss, but had a hard time getting much of a view with Martha standing in the doorway. After interrogating Martha, they asked to look around the premises. Martha told them that the barn was open and that they were free to look around. The men thanked her, and she closed and locked the door as the men walked away shining their flashlights here and there.
Martha sat back down in her chair, and began knitting for about five minutes until she heard the black car drive down the gravel driveway. When she knew the men were gone, she put down her needles and walked upstairs. Knocking on the spare bedroom door, she found Betty and Sam still sitting on the floor, worrying that the black car men would somehow find them. Martha assured them that everything was fine, and helped them into bed. 
“Why didn’t you tell the men about us?” Sam asked, as he climbed into his bed. 
“Good heavens dear,” Martha responded as she walked over and tucked his sheets under him, “when a situation presents itself involving millions of dollars, I will usually take the side of the children over the men in black suits.” 
Sam and Betty both laughed. They were really starting to like Martha, and Sam knew that knocking on the door was the smartest thing they had done that day. Martha recited a prayer as she walked toward the door. She wished both children a good night’s sleep, then closing the door, she slowly made her way downstairs to reset the laundry and wash the tea cups.
“Tell me the rest of the story,” Betty said softly, as she yawned and rolled over on her side facing Sam. 
“Story?” Sam asked. 
“The one about the trampoline…and the dog poop,” she said. 
Sam remembered their conversation in the car, and started in… “So it was my birthday, and my mom had invited my little cousins over for my party. My youngest cousin, Emma-Jean, was running around in the back yard, and ran over into the crazy dog lady’s yard where she managed to step in some dog poop. She then proceeded to jump on my trampoline and get dog poop all over it. I was jumping a little later, and noticed the smell, so I ran inside to find brown stains all over my pants.” 
Betty giggled, yawned and then giggled some more. “This is the best bedtime story I have ever heard,” she said in a soft voice. 
“Well, I had to go take a shower, because I smelled my hand, and you guessed it, I had touched the poop. My mom washed the trampoline over and over again, but I never got back on it. Just the thought of the little poop particles ground down into the mesh of the trampoline took all the joy out of it for me.” 
“I hate dog poop,” Betty whispered. 
“Me too,” agreed Sam, as a peaceful silence invaded the small bedroom of Martha’s farmhouse. Within a minute Sam could tell by her breathing that Betty was asleep. He lay staring at the ceiling, going over the day in his head. He wondered what had happened to Mr. Johnson and if he was alright. He knew the men in the black cars must have known about the key and the money. But what was it all about, and who was Henry Hackensack? He thought about his mom and how she must be worried. He thought about Betty’s parents and how they could not have found much comfort in the note she left with Hans. And what about the cassette, why was it in the cigar box? All these questions stirred in Sam’s mind like the waves of a stormy sea. But then he thought about his new friends, and how it felt so good to have such kind and helpful people to be with. As Sam stared into the darkness, he realized that he had forgotten that the day was a dream. It all seemed so real now, and while he wanted the black cars, and bearded man, and the backpacks of money to go away, he also wanted to keep his new friends. Sam turned on his side, curled into a ball under the heavy blanket, and felt warm and safe. He was tired, and his mind meandered about from thought to thought. He laughed to himself as he thought about all the black cars, and men with hound dogs, and cell phones. They must be sore about not being able to catch a couple of kids. “If I was to pick a team of super spies to help me with a secret mission, I would never have picked, ‘Mr. Johnson the Angry,’ ‘Betty the Chatty,’ ‘Hans the Slob,’ and ‘Good Gracious Martha the Elderly,’ Sam thought as his mind drifted away into rest. But that was his team, and he would need their help if he was going to get to the bottom of this, his wildest dream.

Chapter 15

Sam awoke and looked around. He was both startled and relieved to see what he assumed was Betty still asleep, and to hear Martha’s voice waking them up. 
“It’s six o’clock, and heaven-to-Betsy, we best be getting going,” she called from the hallway. “Your clothes are in the bathroom. Wash up and get down to breakfast.”
Sam rolled out of bed and walked over to Betty who lay buried beneath a pile of blankets. He shook her and told her to get up, then walked to the bathroom. He found his clothes neatly folded, and he noticed that on top of his shirt was the little piece of candy that Mrs. Johnson had given him the previous morning. 
“Maybe Martha had washed the germs off,” he thought. Then, shaking his head, he got dressed and put the candy back in his pocket. 
“Not going to take a chance,” he concluded as he remembered the used Kleenex pocket from whence it came, “but maybe it will be good luck.” 
Betty was still under the pile of blankets when he came out of the bathroom, so he went over and pulled the blankets off of her, “Are you hibernating? Let’s go. Breakfast is on.” 
Sam walked downstairs and sat at the kitchen table. Martha set a plate of eggs and French toast covered in pure maple syrup on the table before him. The smell of the breakfast alerted Sam to his empty stomach, and the hunger pains that caused it to growl like a half-starved lion. As he began devouring the food, he looked up to see Martha smiling at him with her eyes, through her big framed glasses. She turned back toward the skillet sizzling on her stove and continued to work on breakfast. Betty straggled downstairs rubbing her hair and still in her pink pajamas. Her hair was frizzier and wilder than ever as she stumbled, half-asleep, over to the table. 
“Too late, this is the last piece of French toast,” Sam said, as he cut into a piece and slowly placed it in his mouth. Betty’s mouth dropped, and her eyes looked sad for the first time since Sam had met her yesterday morning. Sam smiled as Martha brought over a plate of breakfast and placed it in front of her. 
“Jumping Jacks, sweetie, you need to get moving, we are leaving very soon,” Martha said to Betty. The kids devoured their breakfast and ran back upstairs as Martha cleared plates and washed the breakfast dishes. Betty ran to the bathroom and began changing, while Sam took the backpacks from the closet and inspected the cargo to make sure everything was in order. He hauled the heavy packs of money back downstairs, set them next to the door, and waited for the girls to finish getting ready.
Martha showed them around the side of the house to a small carport with a huge car wedged in it. When Sam saw the car, he turned back toward Betty and said, “Ahoy…” but Betty just gave him look of confusion and so he smiled to himself and followed Martha to the carport. 
Martha’s car was an old, big reddish-purple beast that probably got about ten gallons-to-the-mile. Sam wondered how Martha was going to fit between the carport wall and the car/boat, but to Sam’s surprise, she managed to squish in there and in no time the trio was on their way headed toward Aldersgate.
Sam and Betty sat in the back seat, with their backpacks on the floor between their feet. Sam unzipped the pouch with the wallet and the cassette tape. He pulled the I.D. card out with Henry Hackensack’s address on it, and handed it forward to Martha. She looked at it as she drove down the highway. As they drove Martha told them stories about the good old days. They enjoyed listening to her, and learned that she and her husband had only been married a short time before he died. They had no kids, and Martha had worked the farm up until a few years ago when she couldn’t handle it. 
“Martha, why is your house for sale?” Betty asked. Sam wondered how Betty knew she was selling her house, and Martha looked back at them in the rearview mirror. “I saw the sign this morning when we left,” Betty admitted. 
Martha told them that since she retired she had used up her savings to try and stay in the house; but that she had no money and the housing market was in the tank. She told them she would have to move to some government run retirement home soon, but that it was fine and she didn’t mind. She also told the kids that she prayed her house would sell before the bank took it because she wanted to take a vacation with the money. When Betty asked her where she wanted to go, she got a big smile and said she wanted to go somewhere tropical, because she had never left the farm overnight in forty years. 
Both Sam and Betty sat in silence thinking about being somewhere for the next forty years when Martha asked them, “Do you want to listen to music?” She handed back a shoe box full of cassette tapes. Betty excitedly grabbed the box as if she were receiving a Christmas present, and began digging through Martha‘s cassette tape collection.
Sam wasn’t interested in listening to music, so he slipped the wallet back into his bag, and looked at the cassette tape in his hand. He opened the case, and pulled out the strange device. It was a square opaque plastic cartridge with two holes that had little teeth inside. He could see the film wrapped around the holes, and as he stared at the strange object, he got an idea. He handed the tape forward, Martha took it from his hand, and without looking slid it into a slot in the dashboard of her boat. He waited with expectation as Betty continued looking at cassette cases. Martha reached over and turned the volume knob but nothing happened, so she kept turning until they heard what sounded like the faint sound of what people thought a robot should sound like in a cheesy science-fiction movie twenty years ago. 
“Sorry dear,” Martha said, hitting the eject button to hand the tape back. But she forgot to turn the volume down, and the scratching noise of a an empty radio channel came blaring through the speakers, startling all three and almost causing Martha to run off the road. Throwing the tape onto the back seat floor and swerving wildly, Martha yelled, “Great goodness and Holy Toledo!” as she reached over and turned the volume down. “That was louder than a goose in a pond of electric eels.”
Betty and Sam laughed as Betty set the shoe box between them and handed Martha another tape. “Can we listen to Johnny Paystubb?” Betty asked. “He is one of my dad’s favorites. I have listened to this tape a thousand times, cause my dad says that old country western music is real country music. According to my dad, all the new country music is just rock-and-roll or R&B with a little steel guitar and twang thrown on top. He says Johnny Paystubb is the real enchilada.” 
Sam wasn’t real thrilled with the choice. But Martha responded so enthusiasticly about Johnny Paystubb, and she and Betty seemed to agree on its particular genuineness that he decided not to say anything. He looked in the shoe box and picked up a tape titled Johnny Paystubb, I Still Love My Hat, and shook his head. But he resigned himself to listen to Johnny when he realized his only other choice was Wailing Willie or Hank Billy-Bob Bumpkins. He wondered if Betty really knew anything about country western music, or if she was just repeating what her dad told her. She probably didn’t even know what R&B stood for, he knew he didn’t. Sam looked over at Betty and thought to himself, “I wish I could believe some crazy thing my dad told me, just because he was my dad.”
As Betty and Martha became a trio with Johnny Paystubb and sang with twangs in their voices “I’m lowdown feeling blue…so I bought some super glue…my life has come apart…since my woman broke my heart…” Sam wondered how someone singing such ridiculous lyrics could constitute something genuine and real. But he let it go for the moment as he decided to focus his thoughts on Aldersgate and Henry Hackensack. He picked up his tape that Martha had thrown on the floor. Thinking about the robot sounds, he slipped it back in the case and put it in his backpack, and threw Johnny Paystubb case back in the shoe box to keep the other genuine country western singers company. He sat and stared out the window watching as fields gave way to towns, which gave way to streets lined with shops, and colorful buildings. Listening to Betty sing, Sam found it comical that she really did know every word to every song. Even though the music was terrible, he was entertained by Betty. The happy-go-lucky little freckle faced wild-haired girl singing about sitting in a bar and drinking her blues away.
Martha had left Betty and Johnny to sing duets as she approached the city. She began driving slower and looking carefully at every street sign. After about ten minutes of driving around, Martha turned into a gas station where she turned off Johnny Paystubb, and gave the kids instructions. 
“Sam, I want you to pump some gas,” she said as she held out a fist full of coins toward Betty. “You go to that payphone and call your parents sweetie, they must be gall darn worried about you.” 
Martha climbed out of the car and walked into the gas station, while Sam pumped gas. He looked around at the scene, it was quiet. Nothing was open, it was a Sunday morning at about 7:40 am, and he could see that Betty was talking, “she must have gotten through,” he thought.
Betty had called Hans’ phone, and her mom answered. They talked for a couple of minutes, and Betty hung up and came back to the car. As they waited in the back seat for Martha, Betty told Sam about the phone call. Her mom had been crying and her dad was pretty upset. 
“I am so grounded when we get back,” she said looking at her feet, “I bet they won’t let me go by myself to get milk until I am twenty-one.” 
Sam reached over, “It will be okay,” he assured her, “your parents will understand once they know what happened. I think they will be proud of you. You have been so brave.” 
“Thanks” Betty said, looking into Sam‘s blue eyes, “you too.”
Martha returned to the car, “We’re close” she said. “We’ll be there lickety-split, put on your belts.”
Martha drove up three streets into a part of town with lots of different houses, all in rows with small little lawns out front. She took a left, then a right and another right onto a small narrow street. Sam felt they were getting close, and he wondered at every house they passed if it was the one they were looking for. They came to the end of the street where there was a small cul-de-sac that Martha attempted to turn her boat around in. After going from drive to reverse and back to drive about twelve times, only moving about three inches forward and then three inches backward, Martha got the car turned around. Driving three houses up, she stopped the car at the side of the curb. Martha leaned down and looked out the passenger window, and held up the ID card Sam had given her. 
“Here we are,” she announced. They all looked at the house for a moment, imagining what they might find.

Chapter 16

Martha got out of the car first, and Sam and Betty followed, strapping their backpacks on their shoulders. They made their way up the narrow sidewalk which ran between two sides of a yard in desperate need of clipping. The grass made Betty’s hair look tidy, and the flowerbeds had been overtaken by weeds, not to mention it looked like an army of dogs had been through the lawn looking for buried bones. They climbed the stairs of what appeared to once be a white porch. It had been left for many years to the weather, and now had only a few flakes of paint hanging on for dear life. The house was two stories, and it was light green, with shutters that were speckled with bits of old white paint. “Nice place” Sam thought, as he stood behind Martha who had reached out and knocked on the screen door. The door, which had a tear in the screen, fell off its hinges from the force of Martha’s knock. 
“Let’s tell them it was like that when we came,” Martha said with a nervous laugh, as she stepped back to wait with Sam and Betty. After a few seconds, Sam stepped forward and knocked on the door, then walked over to the window to try and see inside. The curtains were drawn, but he could hear footsteps coming, and so see scurried back and stood next to the girls.
The door swung opened with a loud squeak, and a man in a white lab coat stood with his big black eyebrows raised above thick black rimmed glasses. The man looked somewhat frightened, and inspected the trio carefully as he asked, “May I help you?”
“We’re looking for Henry Hackensack,” Betty blurted out, “do you know who he is?” 
“Hank?” the man asked with a startled expression on his face, then nervously looked around outside and invited them to come in. 
“My name is Dr. Philips, and who might you be?” he asked with a suspicious tone while showing them into a main room of the house to sit on an old green couch, the only piece of furniture that could be seen in the house. 
Betty began carefully telling the Doctor who they were and where they came from. She made no mention of the money, or the cassette tape, just that they had found Mr. Hackensack’s wallet and wanted to return it. As she spoke, Sam surveyed the home. Everywhere he looked he saw piles of cassette tapes just like the one he had found. There were stacks of cassettes on the floor piled all the way to the ceiling. There were boxes of cassette tapes, shelves with cassette tapes, and in one corner there was a huge pile of cassette tapes that appeared to have been knocked over. Glancing into the kitchen, he could see nothing but piles upon piles of cassette tapes. 
On hearing Betty’s story, Dr. Philips urged them to follow him. As he walked through the kitchen he offered no explanation regarding the piles of cassette tapes, or the strange home they were in. Off the back of the kitchen was a pantry. Opening the door Dr. Philips revealed a small room full of shelves crammed with cassette tapes. 
“You like music, Dr. Phil?” Sam inquired, trying to lighten the mood which was become tenser and more eerie with every passing moment.
“No,” he answered matter-of-factly, “I don’t listen to music.” He continued, unaware of Sam’s humor, “I am going to show you something and I need you to be very serious. Did anyone follow you here?” He asked. 
“I don’t think so,” Martha responded, “who would be following us?” 
Dr. Philips gave them a steely glare and made sure to make eye contact with each of them as he said “if you were being followed you would know. Their black cars with the tinted windows are quite conspicuous.” 
He turned quickly back toward the pantry, and reached around the wall, pressing a hidden button. There was a creaking noise and the floor of the pantry began moving and opened to reveal a staircase. A dim light came on and they followed the man in the white coat downstairs to a room filled with computer screens, machines with lights on them, and panels with knobs. He walked over to a desk with a lap-top, and began typing furiously. Then he turned back to his three guests. Sam, Betty and Martha were all looking around and taking in this most peculiar sight. None of them had expected anything like this. The room was dimly lit, and the pantry floor began to close and some lights flickered and then lit up the room. It looked like something out of a science fiction movie, complete with the mad scientist in the middle. Dr. Philips took off his glasses and sat down on a chair with wheels. He rolled to the center of the room to a large table where a stack of strange silver blankets sat neatly folded, and began to speak. 
“Hank and I have been partners for the past twenty years. We have been working here on an important invention for the past fifteen years…it’s a time machine. I know that sounds crazy, but it is really true. We have made new discoveries of certain basic pseudo-physical principles that make time travel quite simple…” Dr. Philips paused, then continued, “…actually, it is really quite complicated, but I will give you the two minute version. 
“Our machine is made up of a simple polymer blanket we created which conducts radio and light waves. We found that time, like energy, is a dimension of reality that can be measured against mass. But, like energy, a little bit of mass contains an immense amount of time. When you think about the atomic structure, you must think about it not only as it relates to mass, and movement (i.e. energy), but also the fact that movement itself contains time. So every molecule has in its being a measure of time. Its own little history book, if you will.” 
Dr. Philip paused and looked up at Sam, who was trying hard to follow his logic. Betty had stopped listening when she heard the word polymer, and Martha stood patiently waiting to ask to use the bathroom before she finally spoke up. 
“I’m sorry, Dr. Philips, do you have a restroom? At my age you have to be thinking ahead or…” 
Dr. Philips stopped her from divulging any more secrets about the bladders of the elderly and explained that the bathroom had been out of commission for the past ten months, and had been converted into a cassette storing area. He then explained for the sitting bathroom she would have to go down the street to the gas station at the corner. After pointing her in the right direction and reopening the pantry door, she left in a hurry. Jumping in the car she drove down the street and made it to the gas station just in time. Meanwhile, Dr. Philips resumed his lecture on time travel to his audience of one. 
“The basic premise we based our research on was that if you could find the right code, you could use a combination of radio and light waves to turn molecules back to a previous time, thereby going back in time.” 
“Wow, that sounds complicated,” Betty said as she half-rejoined the conversation. 
“That was the easy part,” Dr. Philips said, turning toward a small cassette player lying on the floor. 
“The hard part was finding and developing programs that could search for the right codes to reset molecules back to previous times in their little histories. Just to give you an idea of how hard it is, it would be like dropping a marble into the ocean, and trying to find it blindfolded, a thousand years later, using a tea spoon. Plus the ocean would have to be a million times bigger,” he added for dramatic effect.
“So all these tapes are for codes?” Sam asked. 
Dr. Philips grinned, “You are catching on fast my boy. You are quite smart.” 
Sam smiled at the thought, and Betty tuned back into the conversation. She really didn’t like people being called smart if it wasn’t her that was being talked about. Dr. Philips explained that years ago they figured out a way to program computers to sift through molecular data and write codes onto cassette tapes. He carefully explained how the machines worked: showing Sam and Betty how the tapes could be inserted in the cassette deck and connected to the polymer blankets. Then the cassette players translated the code through the blanket sending the object touching the blanket back in time. Dr. Philips spoke quite proudly of he and Hank‘s invention, and also explained that the key to the travel was the codes on the cassette. 
“The time machine actually disintegrates during the process, and all that is left is the object, still in its present form but in a previous time.  The catch is each coded cassette and each blanket can only be used once,” he said emphatically. 
Dr. Philip and Hank Hackensack had been writing codes for years, and though they had created thousands upon thousands of cassettes, they had never found one that could send an object, especially a living object, back in time. After a couple of minutes of overstating his point as to the difficult nature of the task, Dr. Philips stood and struck a triumphant pose. 
“But then, this week, we struck gold!” 
He bent down, placing a hand on his knee so that he was eye level with Sam and Betty, and spoke softly, “We knew our chances of succeeding were in the multi-trillions-to-one. But it was a miracle. When we saw the little earth worm in our experiment disappear and reappear in the small container we had taken it out of just five minutes earlier, we knew we had done something big. So big, that it would change the entire world.”

Chapter 17

Sam sat on pins as he listened to Dr. Philips tell his tale of time traveling worms, and history changing physics. 
“Tell us more about Henry,” Betty inquired, having had quite enough of the science lesson. 
“Well,” continued Dr. Philips, “Hank is involved with the government somehow, and has always been real secretive about what he does. He never talks about his life outside of our work here. He is real quiet and I think he is a spy or something, but I am not really sure. When I said we were partners, I probably should have said he was my boss, because he has continued to pay me very well to keep working on the time travel machine with him. I don’t know too much actually, but I am guessing the government wants to develop this technology for the military or something.” 
“Anyhow, Hank was worried about how our invention might be used and who might get their hands on it. We never really thought our idea would work, so when it did we decided that the safest thing for time being was to keep only one cassette with the code on it. We kept it in that safe over there. It has two locks and we each had a key so that both of us had to unlock it at the same time. 
“Then Friday morning, Hank came to me and said that things were not safe, and that we had to protect the cassette because men were going to come after it. I trusted Hank; I guess after twenty years of working together, I just assumed he was a hard working and honest guy. We opened the safe, and without any explanation he took it and told me to go home and wait for him to contact me. I went home and waited for him. But after a full day he never did, so yesterday morning I came back here, only to find that people had come and turned the place upside. One of our time machines was missing. But the machines are worthless without the cassette code. I didn’t know what to do, so I started working on seeing if I could retrace the code. I have seen a couple of black cars with tinted windows crawl past the house. But I don’t know what they are looking for and there is nothing here worth anything anymore.”  
Sam glanced down at his backpack as Dr. Philips continued, “I don’t know what Hank is up to, but I am guessing he is either in trouble or he has flown the coop. Either way, I have been trying to figure out if I can trace that code again. But the chances of getting it again are astronomically high. The key to time travel is now with Hank Hackensack. I got bored waiting, so I started restacking old used tapes, and that’s when you showed up.”
Dr. Philips paused and looked down at the backpacks now sitting at Sam and Betty’s feet. “What’s in your backpacks?” 
While Sam began to share his story with Dr. Philips, Martha had finished up at the gas station, and had pulled back onto the street. 
“All this cacophony is not good for my digestion,” she thought to herself as she drove back toward the house. She slowed the car way down, as she spotted all kinds of activity surrounding the house. Swerving the car to the side of the road, she pulled behind a pick-up truck and turned off the engine. She could see a ways down the block, and saw about ten black cars, with men in suits circling the old light green house. They were moving quickly, and she knew her friends were in big trouble.
Not knowing anything that was going on upstairs, Sam walked away from his backpack and over to inspect the table with the time-machines. He was slow in giving Dr. Philips too many details about what was in his backpack; he wanted to be very careful at this point. He realized that the cassette that had come into his possession was way bigger than he could ever have imagined. It was way bigger than the money and way more important than Betty’s or Martha’s or even Dr. Philip’s life. He felt a great deal of tension pulling at his chest, as he realized that they had finally gotten to Aldersgate, to Henry Hackensack’s house, and now were farther away from knowing what was going on than ever before.
 Just as he was about to explain the previous twenty-four hours to Dr. Philips, they heard the crash of the front door being knocked in, and footsteps running upstairs. Dr. Philips looked over toward the pantry door. He had left it open when Martha had gone to the gas station. Before Dr. Philip, Sam or Betty could move men in black suits filled the room, brandishing their silver guns, and barking orders for everyone to get on the floor. Sam fell to the floor, his face pressing against the cold concrete. Looking across the room, he saw his backpack being picked up by a man in black shiny shoes. He looked up to see the same bearded man that had chased him from the post office. The bearded man started unzipping pouches until he found the cassette tape. Placing it in his coat pocket, he tossed the backpack to another man standing near the door. Sam heard Betty yelling, and looked over to see her kicking the tall man with the eye-patch in the shin. The tall man grabbed Betty by the arm and began carrying her off while her arms and legs flailed wildly. The man tried to cover her mouth. But she bit his finger, causing him to yelp in pain as he dropped her. She came running across the room and lay down beside Sam. Grabbing his arm she screamed as two other men grabbed her. Sam froze in terror as he saw them taking her away; he closed his eyes and covered his ears. “Why can’t I wake up?” he thought.

Chapter 18


Sam felt the back of his shirt being pulled, and soon found himself on his feet staring up into the stern face of a very unhappy bearded man. 
“Hello Sam,” the man said coldly, “I can’t tell you how glad I am to finally get to talk to you.” 
The man escorted him to a car where he was asked in a cordial manner to please “get in.” Sam thought about running. But looking around and seeing Betty being placed in the car parked just across the street, he decided against it, and got in the black car. The tall man with the eye patch got in the driver’s seat, and the two of them waited as the bearded man barked orders to the other black suited men walking about. Several of them were hauling boxes out of the house and placing them in what looked like a large black delivery truck that had backed into the driveway. Sam figured they were taking the time machines, and he felt a pain in his stomach as he tried to unravel the difficulty of his predicament. A few minutes later the bearded man opened Sam’s door and asked him to scoot over. 
“I am federal agent Carl Engle,” the man began, as the parade of black cars started slowly down the street. “You are one tough kid to catch. Sorry about almost hitting you yesterday. We were looking for someone else, and it turned out we almost ran over the one person we needed. Ironic don’t you think?” 
Sam thought it would be better to just listen and not say anything. So he tried to muster up as much attitude as he could, and shrugged his shoulders. 
“See Sam,” the man continued, “this tape is extremely important to me, and if it got in the wrong hands, it could mean terrible things for our country. That is why we came looking for it, and chased you all over the countryside to get it. You do understand that you are in very big trouble for resisting us, and destroying federal property, and a litany of other things?” he asked, raising his eyebrows. The bearded man continued to talk, not asking any other questions, except to ponder how Sam and Betty were able to escape the night before. 
“It was like you just disappeared.” He said. After describing all things national and security to Sam, agent Engle explained that he, Betty and Dr. Philips would be taken to a detention center for further questioning. Then they would wait for a federal judge to rule on whether they would be charged for the crimes they had committed. Sam didn’t say a word, but he thought something seemed very suspicious about agent Engle. 
“What had Dr. Phil done wrong?” Sam thought, and “why didn’t agent Engle mention his or Betty’s parents, or a lawyer or anything that like that?” Nothing seemed to be adding up. But Sam, realizing he was in way over his head, decided it would be best to stay quiet and just to see what happened next. 
The black car parade came to a stop in front of an old warehouse on the outskirts of town. A large door opened and all the cars filed into a large garage area. As the doors closed behind them, Sam wondered why the federal detention center wasn’t a little more official looking. Even though deep down Sam knew agent Engle couldn’t be trusted, he also knew that he was running out of time, and had no way of escape. The cassette was all these men wanted. He figured they would do anything to get and keep it, which didn’t bode well for him and Betty, or Dr. Philips for that matter. As they were being pulled from the car, Sam thought about Martha. He hoped that she had gotten away and was somewhere safe.

The three prisoners were led from the cars, surrounded by black suited men, and escorted through a small side door that led into a long hallway. To the right, the hallway led to a door leading out of the building. Agent Engle ordered the eye-patched agent to go stand watch. Everyone else turned left and walked down the hallway toward what appeared to be a dead end. As they walked, Betty managed to break free from her escort and make her way back to Sam. The men in the suits didn’t seem to care, and Sam could tell that Betty was pretty scared as he grabbed her hand. 
“Your hand is all yucky with sweat!” Betty whispered. 
“Sorry, I am a little nervous here,” he leaned closer to say. Betty squeezed Sam’s sweaty hand tight. 
“It’s okay,” she said. 
Sam knew that what she meant was “please don’t leave me.” He promised himself that he would keep her close, no matter what happened. The hallway was long, and they passed several offices on their right as they walked. Many of the offices had broken windows, and the whole building looked abandoned and creepy. Sam, Betty and Dr. Philips were forced into a large room with no windows, and the door was slammed behind them. They heard the sound of the deadbolt clunk.  The room was cold and a grave silence filled the large empty space. The three prisoners stood speechless staring across the room at a man sitting in the corner with his face in his hands. The man slowly looked up then sprung to his feet as if jolted by an electric shock. 
“Hank!?” Dr. Philips said with surprise, “what are you doing here?” 
Hank didn’t seem to hear Dr. Philips’ words, or even notice that he or Betty were standing there. His eyes were glued to Sam, as Sam stood frozen in shock. The man’s manner seemed both uncomfortable, and thoroughly surprised, as he called out to Sam, “Sammy!” 
Sam looked back speechless, and finally mustered up the word… “Dad?”

Chapter 19

Sam flew across the room and threw his arms around his father. Sam expected his dad to look happier to see him. But his face appeared more shocked than happy as he grabbed Sam by the shoulders and, holding him at arm’s length, looked him up and down. 
Inspecting him carefully, he asked him “What are you doing here, and why are you huge?” 
Sam stood without saying anything, and tried to figure out how this could be happening. As his dad kept a tight grip on him, he looked up into his dad‘s face and asked, “Where did you go?” 
“I’ve been here. As you can imagine, I was not intending to stay this long,” his dad responded with a confused tone in his voice, to what seemed to be a rhetorical question.
All four people in the room looked at each other and stood in silence trying to figure out what was going on. All at once the room erupted in frenzied conversation as each person began blurting out all their questions and thoughts in a panic of confusion. Finally Sam’s dad yelled out, “Let’s all sit down and figure this out together.” The four captives quieted down and agreed to take turns talking as they sat and formed a circle on the cold concrete floor facing each other.
“Let’s take turns and give only important facts that we know. We’ll start with you Miss.” Sam’s dad looked at Betty, “Who are you, and what are you doing here?”
 Betty thought for a moment, and realized she didn’t have very many important facts to share, but she wanted to talk. 
“My name is Betty; I am Samuel’s friend and have been helping him find you. We met yesterday when I saved his life. Then we got chased by black car guys, took a boat ride down a river in the dark, and met Martha who brought us to Dr. Philips, and then we came here.” She stopped to take a breath, and smiled, pleased with her conciseness. 
“Okay, you were in the wrong place at the wrong time, and I am guessing you know the least about what is going on…got it,” Sam’s dad said curtly, obviously in a hurry to get to the bottom of things. 
Betty frowned, displeased with his assessment of her. On seeing her countenance Sam’s dad told her that she needed to be very quiet and very careful because they were all in a very serious situation, but then added that he would do his best to keep her safe. Thanking him sheepishly, Betty looked over at Sam with a look of worry. But she remained quiet as Sam’s dad continued to lead. 
“Cal, what are you doing here, I thought I told you to go home?” 
Dr. Philips, or Cal, as Sam’s dad called him, spoke up. “I waited. But after you didn’t call, I decided to go back to the house Saturday morning. I could tell that people had broken in. So I set to work, going over our research again and cleaning up the place. These two kids showed up with an old lady. The next think I knew I had a gun pointed in my face. Then I watched, as the cassette, which I am assuming was the one you took the other day, and has the most important information of the century on it, emerged from the kid’s backpack. Next thing I know I am being hauled down here and thrown in this room. I didn’t even know you had a kid.” 
Dr. Philips at this point was speaking wildly and was visibly upset. But Sam’s Dad stayed composed and asked intently, “Who is the old lady?” 
“Martha is our friend, and she had to go to the bathroom. She left and didn’t come back,” Betty interjected.
Sam’s dad looked at all three, and spoke precisely and clearly. “Cal, I am sorry, but I couldn’t tell you this before. I work for the government, developing secret military weapons. You were helping me with my main project, which I honestly never thought would work. But when it did work this week, I naturally went to my boss at headquarters and briefed him on our discovery. I see you have already met him. He can be a little intimidating," Sam’s dad noted, shaking his head. 
“He asked me for the time travel code. When I told him it was safe, he told me it would be safer at headquarters. Then he told me there was an urgent top-secret sting operation he needed me to lead that very night. We walked directly to the conference room where he briefed me and another agent on the sting. It all seemed standard at the time. My boss instructed me to return at five and said he expected me to bring the time machine codes with me. At that point he would give me the money for the sting operation as well as the drop point.”
The group sat, awestruck at the story Sam’s dad was unfolding, and said nothing as they listened carefully to every last detail. 
“So that‘s when you came back to the house to get the tape from me,” Dr. Philips interrupted. 
“Yes, and I told you to go home and wait,” Sam‘s dad said with some annoyance. “After you left, I made a copy of the tape and put it in a package to send to your house and then began planning the next few hours. I called Bill and asked him to meet me in Aldersgate as soon as he could. I wanted to be safe, and didn’t want to let the code out of my hands until I was certain it was secure.”
“Who’s Bill?” Sam interrupted.
His dad stopped his story to explain that most secret agents keep an outside contact that they trust, and his contact was a retired agent named Bill Johnson. Continuing the story, Sam’s dad explained how he had taken a fake copy of the coded cassette to give to his boss to buy himself time to figure things out. Then he met with Bill later that afternoon at an old hotel before the sting operation. 
“I met Bill around four-o-clock and gave him the original cassette, a pile of money and my wallet.” 
Sam’s dad turned and looked at Sam as he continued, “I asked Bill to look after you and your mom if something went wrong, and told him that I would meet him the next morning at the hotel if everything went okay.”
Sam’s dad continued his story, his voice calm but tense, “I went back to headquarters and gave my boss the fake tape. My boss gave me two briefcases containing twenty-five million dollars in one-hundred-dollar bills and a piece of paper with the drop point written on it for later that night. The sting was at the old abandoned dock at 10:00 pm. On the way to dinner I mailed a package containing the copied tape and instructions to Cal’s house. Then I called your mom to let her know I would be really late and not to wait up. Then I made my way down to the old docks to make the drop. I waited a couple of hours, thinking through the day’s events, when I saw the other agent’s car pull up next to mine. We got out and I carried the cases of money. We saw another car pull up at the other end of the dock.” 
“That morning during the briefing, we were told we would meet a thug named Johnny O. We were to arrest him and bring him in after he accepted the money. But as we approached the other car, I noticed four men getting out. The strange thing was that they were dressed like agents, not thugs. I knew then that something was very wrong. I turned around to find my partner’s gun pointed at my head. He smiled with his hand stretched out for the cases of money.” 
“I knew I had been set up, and that I had to act quickly. So with one hand I offered a case, at the same time swinging the other case at his head as I ducked out of gunpoint. I missed his head, but managed to knock the gun from his hand. I dropped a case to pull my gun, as I kicked him in the stomach, knocking him to the ground. After kicking him again and knocking him unconscious, I turned back toward the other car and unloaded my weapon. This bought me enough time to grab the case I had dropped and make a run for my car. The men stood behind their car, and began firing their weapons at me as I ran. I heard bullets whizzing through the air all around me, and then felt a thud hit me right in the back. I fell to the ground with the wind knocked out of me, but was able to get back up and keep running. I looked back to see them reloading and getting in their car. I got back to my car, and threw the cases in across the seat. Starting the car I hit the gas and peeled out, driving toward the car with the rogue agents. As I drove, I slid a fresh clip into my gun. Shattering my driver’s side window with my elbow, I charged the other car with my gun pointed out the window. As I got closer, I shot for their wheels and blew out both tires on the left side of their car. I drove away under a hailstorm of bullets that shattered the rest of the windows in my car. But they missed me as I drove away toward the hotel where Bill was staying.”
“I called the boss as I drove, and told him that we had been double crossed, and that my partner had set me up. I told him I would meet him back at headquarters in thirty minutes, but he told me to meet him at the green house instead.” 
“I flew across town as fast as I could, and found Bill asleep in the hotel room. I gave him the two cases of money and told him he had to leave right away. We agreed that we would meet at his place in the morning. I told him that if I didn’t make it, someone else would come for the money. Bill knew that if no one came to him by last night that he should return to Aldersgate and take you and your mother somewhere safe. I am sorry Sammy, but I must not have made it. Bill must have taken you and your mom into his protection. He could not have told you anything about my life as an agent. I know that must have been hard for you, but it was for your own safety.” Sam’s dad paused as he looked into Sam’s eyes with a look of compassion. He felt shaken knowing this was both confusing and hard for his son to hear. 
Then taking a breath he returned to his story, as everyone else continued to sit wide-eyed and awestruck. “I got back in the car and drove to the green house. When I arrived, two cars were out front. I knew my boss was there so I walked up to the house where I found the front door open. My boss stood waiting for me with a look of fury in his eyes. He walked up to me and shoved the fake cassette tape to my face.” 
“‘What is this?’ he asked.” 
“Before I could answer he asked me where the money was, and I realized that I never told him on the phone that I still had the money. It suddenly came to me that I had been set up in a big way, and my boss was behind the whole thing.” 
“‘Does this mean I am not going to get a good performance report this quarter?’ I asked. He turned around as two men came up behind me and grabbed my arms. They brought me here and questioned me pretty intensely about the whereabouts of the tape, but I knew they would never find it. Then you three showed up.” Sam’s dad paused, and again looked over at Sam as he spoke. 
“That tape you had Sam was big, really big. Now that he has it, who knows what will happen to us.”
“What do you mean?” Betty asked. “Won’t they let us go now that they have what they want?” 
Sam’s dad looked down at her, “Sorry dear, the only reason I am still alive is because they didn’t have the cassette tape. If we don’t get out of here soon, we are all in big trouble.” 
There was a pause of silence as everyone tried to comprehend how big the situation had gotten. Sam sat with a somber look on his face, still in awe of his dad, and unable to wrap his mind around what was going on. For the first time since he woke up in that field the previous morning, Sam did not want to wake up from his dream. It felt so good to be with his dad again. It also felt good to believe that his dad did not really leave he and his mother four years ago. As he thought those words, “four years ago” he realized something. He was the only person in the room who was not living in the present situation. He turned to his dad, who was waiting for him to speak, and asked, “Dad, did I travel back in time?” 
His dad moved over and put his arm on his shoulder, “Son I saw you three days ago, and you were my little eight year old boy. I almost didn’t recognize you when you walked through that door. Somehow, the cassette I sent to Cal must have been used to send you back in time, which means there is only one cassette left with the trillion dollar code on it.”
After two days of what he thought was dreaming Sam had to wake up to the fact he was now living in the past. Sam closed his eyes and thought for a moment. Was it possible? Time travel? Government agents and spies? It all seemed too surreal to believe, and yet if his dad said it, Sam now believed it. 
“What’s your real name Hank?” Dr. Philips asked. 
“Chris,” Sam blurted out. 
“Did you really get shot?” Betty asked.
“Right in my bullet proof vest,” Sam’s dad said softly, still holding tight to Sam. 
Betty got up, walked over and plopped herself down on the ground on the other side of Sam’s dad. He reached out and put his arm around her as well.
 He looked down at her frizzy red hair, “I never expected someone like you to end up in all of this.” 
“My mom and dad are going to kill me," Betty said and Sam almost made a comment about being killed by someone else, but decided not to.
It was quiet again and everyone sat on the floor with their minds on something different. Sam’s dad’s mind raced through different possible escape plans. This fight had become too personal and he would not give up easily. Dr. Philips thought about his fiancé, they were to be married in a couple weeks. He wondered if they would see each other again. Betty started to worry about Martha; she hoped she was okay, and that the bad men had not found her. Little did she know that Martha was closer than anyone could have imagined. 
Sam thought about the cassette, and how it had brought him back to his dad. Suddenly, Sam’s thoughts turned to words, “Do you think your boss likes Johnny Paystubb?” he asked. 
As the others sat bewildered at such a strange question, they heard the clunking sound of the bolt-lock turning in the door. Suddenly the door burst open. The bearded agent came charging in, his face contorted with a look of rage. 
“You somehow managed to do it again Chris. But it won’t happen again, I assure you,” he said, holding the cassette tape in his hand and shaking it wildly in the air.

Chapter 20

Outside the warehouse, a big reddish-purple boat drove slowly down the street as Martha carefully observed the eye-patched man standing guard outside the door. Martha had followed the black cars and had seen her new friends being taken inside the large garage door earlier. She made a couple passes and continued to drive around the block as she thought about what to do. She eventually parked out of sight on one side of the warehouse where she sat planning her next move. Once she had decided on a strategy, she sprung into action… springing: she slowly got out of the car one leg at a time, and opened her trunk. She pulled out her walker, a tire iron and an afghan. She wrapped the tire iron in the afghan, and held it in the walker as she slowly made her way over to the side of the warehouse. Martha quietly walked up the side of the building toward the door where the tall man with an eye-patch lazily stood guard.
Inside the warehouse, agent Engle paced back and forth between two agents who were keeping a close eye on Sam‘s dad. He pulled a plastic bag from his pocket, and placing the cassette tape in the bag, he handed it to the agent on his left and told him to run it for prints. Sam thought about Martha, and worried he had made a big mistake when he had switched out the coded cassette with the Johnny Paystubb cassette in her car. 
Agent Engle barked some orders and several agents came walking in and surrounded them. Two agents pulled Sam and Betty away from Sam’s dad, and forced them to stand in the corner. Dr. Philips backed up against the wall, while Sam’s dad and agent Engle faced off. 
“Let them go, Carl. They aren’t a part of this,” Sam’s dad said sternly. 
“Oh no Chris, they are very much a part of this,” the bearded man screamed. “You couldn’t just follow orders; you couldn’t just play ball and give me the tape. And now you have these people involved and there is no way out for them.” 
The agent’s voice was fierce and his hands waved wildly about as he continued his tirade, “You will give me that cassette, or you will pay dearly.” 
One of the agents walked behind Sam’s dad, and forced him to his knees in front of the irate Agent Engle. 
He pulled his gun from his coat and pointed it at the top of Chris’ head, “I am going to count to three and then pull this trigger,” he threatened. 
Sam closed his eyes, his stomach hurt like never before, and his mind raced. Then something burst inside Sam, causing him to yell in a terrified voice, “Stop!” 
“Dad, I know where it is.”
Agent Engle turned toward Sam, “Dad?” he echoed. “My, this just became interesting. I didn’t know you had a family. Aren’t you a secretive guy?”
 The bearded agent gestured with his gun at the man holding Sam’s arm, and the agent forced him into the middle of the room. Agent Engle moved in close, and put his face just inches from Sam’s. Sam could feel and taste the agent’s breath as he spoke. 
“Son, I am about to put a bullet in your dad’s head. If you tell me a lie, I will not only shoot him, I will find your mom and shoot her. I will shoot your little friend, as well as her parents. Do you understand what I am saying? So I want you to think for a moment before you try anything else. Where is the cassette?”
Sam felt light headed. His hands were sweaty, and he could feel his heart pounding in his head as he thought about so many people: Martha, his mom, even Hans, Betty, but mostly he thought about his dad, kneeling on the floor beside him. He just wanted the whole thing to end, but he didn’t want to make a mistake. 
He looked down at the floor as he began to speak, “We left it at the post office yesterday.” Sam continued, choked up with fear, “I rode back to the post office after we crashed into the white house…then we took the money. But we hid the cassette in the bottom of the garbage can. Mr. Johnson had told me not to carry it around.” 
With a deep sigh of sorrow, he dropped his head even further in shame, as agent Engle stepped back. 
“That wasn’t so hard, was it?” he said to Sam.
Turning his attention to another agent he began speaking again. “Put the kids in the car, and get rid of these two. We are done with them,” he added waving his gun at Dr. Philips and Sam’s dad.
Sam looked over at his dad and his dad looked back at him.
 “Be strong Sammy,” he said, and then dropped his head as if to say it was over. Sam could see that his dad had run out of options, and that there was no way out. They were outnumbered and out gunned.
The agents began to move, shoving Betty and Dr. Philips toward the center of the room where Sam stood next to his dad. Sam could see them pulling out handcuffs as he stood trembling in fear. He knew he had sealed everyone’s fate. It was only a matter of time before they traced the tape back to Martha. His body felt limp, and he felt his arms being grabbed and heard the clanking metallic sounds of the handcuffs. Sam looked back at his dad, and at the agent behind him pulling cuffs off of his belt.  He looked over at agent Engle holstering his gun and discussing something with another agent. Then he noticed another agent, behind Engle, walking into the room backwards with his hands in the air. 
“Carl. Uh, Carl,” the agent stuttered as he entered the room. 
He was followed by Martha was holding out a gun and yelling wildly, “Everyone get your gall-darn hands in the air, put ‘em up I tell ya, and don’t make a gall-darn move or there‘ll be heck to pay.”

Chapter 21

Seeing the window he had desperately been praying for, Sam’s dad jumped into action. He spun around and disarming the agent behind him he began pointing the gun wildly around the room yelling at everyone to stay still. He pulled back the slide, and loaded a round into the guns chamber. Then he pointed the gun at agent Engle, and began barking orders. He told the men to slowly remove their weapons and place them on the floor. As the agents careful placed their weapons on the ground, Sam’s dad kept a steely eye on them and reminded them not to make even the slightest move. The tension in the room was palpable and everyone could see the intensity Sam‘s dad eyes and knew he would not hesitate to fire his weapon to protect his family. 
“Bring the guns here Cal, and get the kids out of here,” Sam’s dad said, as he ordered all the agents toward the back corner of the room. Dr. Philips started grabbing guns off the floor as Betty and Sam ran over to Martha. Martha set her gun on the ground, and agent Engle moaned as he noticed the safety lock still on. 
“You idiots!” he said. 
Sam’s dad never took his eye off of agent Engle, and used his gun to motion for the other agents to move closer together at the far side of the room opposite the door. 
“Let’s go,” Martha said to the kids, knowing they needed to hurry. 
As they turned to make their way down the long hallway they were passed by a tall agent, with a patch on his eye, and rubbing a huge bump on his head. As he passed them his look of painful confusion turned into a look of fearful terror, and he began running away from them screaming. The tall agent entered the room to see Dr. Philips holding a pistol in each hand, and kicking a pile of guns on the floor toward Sam’s dad who was standing with his back to the wall. Cal pointed one of the guns at the tall agent, who placed his hands in the air, and sidestepped slowly along the wall toward the other agents. Still keeping the agents at gunpoint, Sam’s dad continued to assure the agents that one funny move and he would open fire. 
“How in the world did you get taken by an old, fat lady!?” agent Engle asked, as the one-eyed agent joined them in their stand-off. 
“She snuck up on me,” he said.  
Sam’s dad told Cal to get the guns out in the hallway, and get going. Cal bent over and slid the rest of the guns out the door, as Sam’s dad kept his focus on the rogue agents. He could tell that most of them were trying to hold back laughter as they pictured the tall man being taken out by a large old woman in neon green sweats. Agent Engle was finding nothing funny about the situation. He kept his gaze narrowed in on Sam’s dad, waiting for an opportunity to move.
Hearing Cal begin to run down the hallway, Sam’s dad slowly moved toward the door. Upon exiting, he closed the door as fast as he could. But the moment he took his eye off of Agent Engle, the agent reached down and pulled a small revolver from an ankle holster and opened fire on the door. Sam’s dad felt the door jolt, and heard the bullet ricochet past his head. He managed to get the door closed and, sliding the bolt lock, he turned and ran down the hall. He heard several rounds of gun fire as he fled, and then loud banging on the door. As he reached the outside door, he turned back to see the door explode open and agent Engle appear, firing his revolver wildly. Sam’s dad ducked out of the door and heard among the gun shots a car horn. He looked up to see his new team of agents in a huge reddish-purple car. The passenger door flung open and a large elderly lady in neon green sweats yelled for him to “jump in.” He bolted toward the car and leaped to safety as Martha hit the gas. With tires squealing they raced away. Martha drove fast. Seeing the first road to turn on, she yanked the steering wheel, and the car roared out of sight on two wheels.
Back in the warehouse, agent Engle walked angrily down the hallway toward the cars. Behind him the hallway flooded with men in black suits, picking up what guns were left behind.
The tall eye-patched agent spoke up, “What next boss?” 
Agent Engle began ordering his agents to take different routes south out of town.  
“I want Chris and his gang found now! If you see them, call me. You have strict orders to eliminate them immediately. Everyone is to rendezvous back at the post office in three hours.”  
Agent Engle ordered his partner to get to the car.  
“We are heading back to the post office.  If we get that tape, we can fix this whole thing later.”

Chapter 22

As they sped away Sam kept looking out the back window waiting for black cars to appear. Martha drove wildly, knocking over a mailbox and narrowly missing a car coming in the opposite direction. She made another turn down a narrow street, as Sam’s dad tried to think through the situation. 
“Kids, stop screaming. I need to think,” he scolded, as he turned back to look out the rear window. 
“That wasn’t us,” said Betty, who had Sam’s arm in a death-grip. 
“Sorry, about that, her driving scares me!” Dr. Philips said sheepishly as the car swerved down the road. 
“Where to, Mr. Secret Agent Man?” Martha asked, seeming quite calm considering her age, and all that had transpired, not to mention her driving patterns. 
Sam’s dad’s mind was racing and he began thinking out loud.
“We need to get to that cassette tape before they do. We don’t have much of a head start, but I have an idea. Pull over and I’ll drive.” 
Martha stopped the car, and began the arduous task of scooting, while Sam’s dad got out, ran around the car and still had time to wait as Martha inched her way across the bench seat. He jumped in the driver’s seat and spun the tires as they peeled away. While this happened, Sam had found the box of cassettes and began digging through until he found the one that read, I Still Love My Hat. He pulled it out of the box and handed it toward the front seat.
 “Anyone want to listen to Johnny Paystubb?” he asked.
Sam’s dad slowed the car down as he grabbed the rear-view mirror to see Sam holding the tape. A huge smile came across his face. 
“Don’t tell me you have the cassette?” he said in disbelief. Sam smiled back at his dad’s face in the rear view mirror and nodded. 
“I can’t believe it,” he said, “well done son. Well done.”
Sam could see the pride in his dad’s eyes, looking at him in the rear view mirror, and it gave Sam a feeling he had not felt before. He wasn’t sure what the feeling was, but he knew he liked it a lot.
Sam’s dad changed course and began driving more carefully, as he made his way through town keeping a watchful eye out for black cars. The car made several turns, as Sam looked nervously out the window. As they drove through the city, the buildings and streets seemed to be familiar, and he began recognizing store fronts as well as a statue in a park with a yellow slide. Everyone in the car was quiet and trying to calm their nerves after all the excitement. Sam smiled to himself as he thought about how surprised agent Engle would be when he got to the post office. He was about to say something funny to lighten the mood. But his thoughts were interrupted when out of the corner of his eye he saw a black blur coming straight toward his window, followed by the sound of a loud crash. Sam‘s window shattered, sending glass flying all about the car, and he felt his body being slammed into Betty sitting next to him. The back-end of Martha’s car swung around as Sam’s dad tried to regain control. The black car with two agents in it spun around and came to a stop in the middle of the street.  
“Is everyone okay?” Sam’s dad asked as he looked into the back seat to see Dr. Philips clinching the door handle, and Sam and Betty huddled together.  
“I…I think I’m okay,” Sam said, his voice shaking from the collision. 
“Betty, are you alright?”  
Betty nodded as Sam put his arm around her. Sam’s dad managed to turn the car around and began speeding down the highway.  
“It’s gonna take a heck of a lot more than that to slow this old girl down,” Martha said as she patted the car’s dashboard.  
Sam’s dad sped down the road as fast as he could, trying to get away, but the agents in the black car turned around and started chasing them.  
“Everyone, get your heads down,” Sam’s dad yelled, as he peered into the rearview mirror.  
The sounds of gunshots were followed by glass shattering, and holes being pierced it the windshield. Sam’s dad swerved and then turned down another street, but the black car was faster and kept gaining on them. Soon, the black car was ramming into the back of Martha’s car, as Sam’s dad tried to keep control. Turning up a narrow road Sam’s Dad was able to get ahead of the black car, but he knew it wasn’t long before they would catch up. He asked Dr. Philips for the two handguns he had been carrying, and then reminded everyone to stay down and stay out of sight. Martha continued to sit upright in the front seat and seemed unconcerned about the bullets whizzing around her. Sam’s dad hit the brakes, and turned the car sideways creating a road block. The black car following them slowed down to see what Sam’s dad would do next. Sam’s dad grabbed the guns, inspected them quickly, then opened his door and darted out. He ran around a parked car on the side of the street. Sam unbuckled he and Betty’s seatbelts, and the two of them crouched down onto the floor together. After all the commotion and noise, everything was suddenly quiet as everyone waited.  
“I’m scared!” Betty whispered to Sam. 
“So am I!” Sam responded.  
Everyone sat in tense fear, their ears straining to hear something in the stillness of the moment. Then in an instant gunshots pierced the quiet. First three rounds, then another followed by a pause. A moment later, another round of gunshots startled Sam and Betty again. They waited and waited, but everything had fallen completely silent.

Chapter 23

“Glory Be!” Martha blurted out, as Sam’s dad made his way slowly back to the car. Sam and Betty sat up to see him approach the car with a stern and cold look on his face. He sat back down in the driver’s seat, and closed his eyes as he started the car.  Nobody said anything as they began driving down the road, but they knew from the look on Sam’s dad’s face that the agents would not be chasing them any longer. A few minutes later, they pulled down a familiar street and Sam realized that they were nearing his old house. He looked down the road and saw a set of red and blue lights flashing. As they approached the place where Sam grew up he could see two white and black police cars parked on the street in front of the house. Sam’s dad docked the boat in the driveway, and everyone jumped out of the car, except Martha, she hadn’t “jumped” anywhere in years. Betty ran around the car, and took Martha’s hand as she slowly got out and assessed the damage to her vehicle.  
“Land‘s sakes, they sure put a world of hurt on her, didn’t they,” she said as everyone followed Sam and his dad into the house. Sam walked right next to his dad and stayed as close to him as he could. It felt good to have his dad’s arm around his shoulder again. Entering the front door, they found Sam’s mom on the couch in the living room with a white tissue in her hand and her face red from crying. Two police officers sat in the living room talking with her, while another was in the kitchen on the phone. Sam’s dad ran over to his mom, and threw his arms around her. After a long embrace they turned around toward Sam. His mother’s face went pale as she stared at Sam, and it looked as though she had seen a horrific apparition. She began to swoon, but his dad caught her and helped her to sit down on the couch, all the while trying to assure her that everything was alright.
Sam’s dad invited everyone into the living room to sit down, and then signaled to the police officers to meet him in the kitchen. Another policeman came downstairs from inspecting Sam’s room, and joined them. While Sam’s dad explained everything to the policemen, Sam, Martha, and Dr. Philips sat quietly in the living room, listening to Betty explain their day to Sam’s mom, who continued to wipe tears from her eyes and shake her head in disbelief. Betty was becoming quite proficient at telling the story, and each time she retold it, there were new characters. When she had finished her summary, and stopped to take a breath, Sam’s mom spoke for the first time since Sam had seen her. 
“I woke up yesterday morning and was going about cleaning the house. I thought it was odd that you had not come down, but I figured you were just tired. So I decided to let you sleep in. At ten, I went upstairs to see if you were awake, but you were gone. Even your bed was gone! I tried to call Chris, who had called me the night before, but he hadn’t come home and wouldn‘t answer his phone.” 
Sam’s mom fought through another round of tears. Wiping her eyes again, she went on to explain how for the past thirty hours she had been calling friends and relatives and had been talking to police about her missing family. 
“The police had arrived to start an official investigation just a few minutes before you all walked in.” she continued. “When Chris never called back, and Sam never came home, and no one called with an explanation, I stayed up all night, going out of my mind,” Sam’s mom spoke in a weary tone. “Then, you all just came strolling in, and Sam, my little boy, you’re so big. I don‘t know what to think.” 
While Sam, Betty, Dr. Philips, and Martha continued to discuss the strange situation they found themselves in, Sam’s dad kindly escorted the police out the door, and turning back to the kitchen he headed for the phone and began making phone calls. Sam spoke in a gentle voice to his mom, and tried to console her and explain the time machine concept, but she just kept crying and shaking her head. Sam could hear his dad on the phone in the other room so he got up and went into the kitchen. It felt weird to be in his old home. He felt out of place, like a stranger. At the same time, all kinds of memories kept crowding his thoughts as he remembered all the details of the house. Sam opened the refrigerator, pulled out a pitcher of orange juice, and walked to the cupboard and got down a glass. 
“I still remember where everything is,” he thought to himself as poured a glass of juice and heard his dad ending a conversation with someone. Hanging up the phone, his dad quickly began to dial another number and started a new conversation with what sounded like an important government official. Sam thought it must be someone important, because his dad kept calling him “sir” and told him about the cassette tape, the money, and Agent Engle’s rogue activities. He explained that within the next couple hours, the rogue agents would be showing up back at the post office looking for the tape, but that the real tape was safe with him. After answering a bunch of questions, and talking details, he up hung the phone. Then, looking deep in thought, picked it back up and began dialing again. He waited for a ring, and said 
“Hello, Lou, I need a favor. Can you get a large pepperoni, a large Hawaiian and a large special to my house in thirty minutes…Great, and better add four bottles of soda, and extra cheese. Thanks.” 
Sam thought to himself that his dad even ordered pizza like a secret agent. Hanging up the phone Sam’s dad turned toward him and smiled as he walked over and sat down at the kitchen table. They exchanged looks that carried more weight than any words could hold, and then his dad said, “Let’s go see if we can get your mom in her right mind. I think with some food, sleep and a little time, she‘ll warm up to the new you.” 
Sam set his orange juice on the table, and stood up next to his dad. As they walked back to the living room, Sam’s dad leaned over and grabbed him at the nape of the neck as he said in a soft voice, “You did real good out there today Sammy. I couldn’t be prouder. You were a real hero.”

Chapter 24

Back in the living room, Sam and his dad sat down on the couch next to his mom, who reached over and hugged Sam. She looked in his eyes and said, 
“It is you, isn’t it?” Sam nodded with a smile and then announced, “Dad ordered pizza.” Everyone erupted in applause, and Betty got up to do a happy dance. While they waited with growling stomachs for the pizza to come, they continued sharing stories about all that had happened over the past two days. Sam’s mom gasped and shook her head with disapproval when she heard about Sam’s first time driving. She looked in horror as Betty recounted her husband being shot in the back. After much convincing, Sam’s dad pulled up the back of his shirt and they all got to see the black and blue mark the size of a salad plate on his back. 
On seeing the bruise, Martha cried out “Good Night Irene, what a doozie.”  Everyone chuckled at Martha’s response. Sam looked up at his mom and seeing that she had heard enough scary stories he decided they should start telling funny stories to lighten the mood. They giggled about Sam riding with his face next to Hans’ dirty gym sock in the trunk, and Martha’s crazy driving. They laughed about Mrs. Johnson’s pepper cookie, and how Betty had told the lady in white that Sam was slow in order to get a ride to the post office. But of all the things they laughed about, nothing gave them more joy than thinking about Martha “sneaking” up on the tall eye-patched agent, with her walker, in her florescent green sweats and bright purple sweater. Just the thought of his face when he turned around to see Martha wielding a tire iron wrapped in a knitted afghan must have been a most wonderfully hilarious sight.
Sam looked up at his mom and dad sitting together on their old couch. He remembered how happy their lives were, and again he wondered if he was dreaming. If he was, “it was the best and happiest dream of his life,” he thought to himself.
After a couple hours of talking, empty pizza boxes covered with crumbs and melted globs of cheese sat strewn across the coffee table. When the phone rang, Sam ran into the kitchen to answer it, and came back into the living room and handed it to his dad. 

“It’s for you; it’s Mr. Johnson.” 
Sam’s dad took the phone and listened with a serious look on his face. 
“Okay…yes…that’s fine,” he said followed by a “No kidding,” and “Wonderful.” After saying good-bye and hanging up the phone, everyone sat in silence waiting patiently as Sam’s dad sat quietly, enjoying making them wait. 
“Well, what happened?” Betty asked in disgust. Sam’s dad smiled and explained that he had called Bill Johnson when he was in the kitchen earlier. After telling him about all that had happened, he asked him to take a cassette over to the post office and place it in the trash can, where Sam had told the rogue agents that he left it. 
“Wasn’t Mr. Johnson in the hospital?” asked Sam. 
Sam’s dad laughed, and with a grin on his face relayed to them what Mr. Johnson had told him on the phone earlier. 
“Agent Engle went to Bill and started interrogating him yesterday morning. Bill told me he faked a heart attack during the questioning. An ambulance came and rescued him in just the nick of time. He also called agent Engle a ‘pinko’ and was sure he was working for Carter. I can explain it later,” Sam’s dad said. Chuckling to himself he continued, “He told me he was glad to hear that everything worked out, that the real cassette was safe, and that he would be happy to help set up the rogue agents. I had to tell him that Jimmy Carter was not a part of it, and would not be ‘getting what was coming to him,’ but Bill always holds out hope. After getting off the phone with Bill, I called Mr. Anderson, the chief of our agency, and told him about agent Engle and the rogue agents. Mr. Anderson said he would assemble a SWAT team immediately.” 
“So,” Sam’s dad continued pausing for a breath, “that’s why Mr. Johnson just called. He wanted to tell me that he went like I asked to the post office, and placed an old tape of Johnny Paystubb in the trash can. Just like we predicted, agent Engle arrived a couple hours later, with his team of agents. They entered the building in a big hurry and agent Engle walked up to the trash can. Turning it upside down, he emptied the garbage on the floor. Then he bent down and picked up the cassette out of the trash. Mr. Johnson said that he wished we could have seen Agent Engle’s face when he turned around and looked out the window at the entire building swimming in a sea of red and blue flashing lights. Chief Anderson’s SWAT team came just in time, and escorted the rogue agents away.
Sam’s dad turned to look at Sam and then at Betty, “They won’t be chasing you guys anymore,” he said with a smile. Both Sam and Betty felt a huge sense of relief. A moment later, the phone rang again; it was Mr. Anderson calling to report that the sting was successful and that they were on their way to the house with Betty’s parents in the car. Betty talked with her mom and dad on the phone, and got up and did another happy dance. Sam smiled at her, and Martha laughed with delight.
Martha, Sam, Betty and Sam’s mom sat around the kitchen table playing cards. It was getting dark outside, and it was good to be doing something to pass the time as they waited for Betty’s parents to arrive. Meanwhile, Sam’s dad drove Dr. Philips home. As they drove, they talked about the time machine, and how their years of research were now finished. Dr. Philips shared about a new idea he had for an invisibility potion, but Sam’s dad said, “Cal, maybe we should take a vacation, at least until after you get back from your honeymoon.” Dr. Philips agreed, and then asked what they would do with the most important cassette tape of the century. 
“I don’t know Cal. I just don’t know,” Sam’s dad said, shaking his head. 
They drove up to Dr. Philips’ house. He got out of the car, and tapped the top of the car as if to say, “That was one crazy day.” As Sam’s dad pulled a u-turn, he watched as Dr. Philips’ fiancé ran across the street from her house, and at his front door they embraced. 
Later that evening, Dr. Philips’ noticed that his future wife had made a stack of his mail. Sitting in the stack was a small package with no return address on it. He opened it, and there was a cassette case, with a piece of paper giving the name and address of a certain Bill Johnson. He opened the cassette case, it was empty.  
“This must have had the cassette that sent Sam back in time,” he thought to himself. 
“Isn’t time travel is so awesome?” he said to fiancé who was putting her coat on.  “I’m not sure,” she answered, “I’m not a nerd.”  
She kissed him and said goodnight as she left thinking about wedding dresses and flowers.
When Sam’s dad got back to the house, he joined Sam and the girls in the kitchen. He threw a cassette case with a picture of Johnny Paystubb in a big black cowboy hat with the words I Still Love My Hat written across the cover, onto the kitchen table, and asked, “What should we do?”

Chapter 25

“What do you mean, honey?” Sam’s mom asked with a puzzled look. 
“The ability to travel through time is a power that no mortal has ever experienced until yesterday morning four years from now. This technology could be used for great good, but over the past couple days; we have seen what people with bad motives will do to have that kind of power. I know that the government will push the limits of its power and use it to try and win wars, or increase national wealth. What I want to know is what would you do with it?”
Betty was the first to offer thoughts on the matter. “I would go back in time, and then sneak into Hitler’s bedroom and send him back into the time of the dinosaurs,” she said with her pointer finger raised in the air. 
“That’s a good thought,” Sam’s mother said kindly, and Betty looked over and smiled wide with pride at her own cleverness. 
“I think the whole confounded thing is the devil’s business. In the name of all that‘s holy, just get rid of it,” Martha proclaimed with a sour look on her face. 
“I kind of agree with Martha,” Sam’s mom said thoughtfully. 
“I think it is a risky gamble, when you are betting on people to do good when given great power,” Sam’s dad said as he walked toward Sam and placed his hands on his shoulders. 
“Sammy, you are the only one here who can speak from experience, what do you think?”
Sam thought long and hard, his mind felt incapable of expressing the thousands of thoughts all jumbled in his head. Then in a moment, his mind focused in on the most important aspect of the day. 
“I went to bed two nights ago, with no friends, no dad, and I was taking my mom for granted. The information on that little cassette put me in a situation to make some of the best friends a kid could ask for.” 
Betty and Martha both smiled at him as he continued slowly, “It allowed me to get my dad back too. But I also know that the cassette itself didn‘t make those things happen. Time travel can’t solve our problems because it is just a mechanism of the physical world. It is how people use it that matters. I am thankful that it gave me a new perspective on life. It allowed me to see the truth that my dad was looking out for me, even after he was gone. And it took me to new friends that helped me get back to my family.”
He paused, and then continued, “I think that we know better now how time and space work together, and maybe that knowledge is more important than actually traveling through time. I just want to stay here now, and be with you all in this present. In fact, it is my present, because it is what I am doing now.”
Sam looked up to see his mom crying again, but it seemed like the happy kind of crying, as she got up and came over to hug him. Martha and Betty followed, and they all embraced.
The five of them moved back into the living room and Sam‘s dad lit a fire in the fireplace. It was getting late, but they weren’t tired. So much had happened, and they had so many questions for Sam about the future. Sam had fun telling about what might happen, but had even more fun making up stories that never did, and everyone enjoyed imagining them. 
“Mom,” he said, “you gained fifty pounds after dad left, and took up smoking and became a rodeo clown.” 
“Heaven sakes alive, Sam, you are off your rocker,” Martha said with a stern look, and Sam’s mom laughed. It was good to have the same Sam back, even if he was bigger.
Sam’s family continued to talk about the time space continuum, throwing around theories and ideas about what constitutes reality and being, and if reality and being are products of one’s experience or if our existence was dictated by outside forces. Betty and Martha, completely lost on the subject, took to making jokes and keeping the mood light. Right in the middle of a thought on the relationship between matter in chaos and matter in creation, Sam’s dad noticed headlights pull up outside. 
“Your parents are here Betty,” he said, hopping to his feet and moving toward the door. Sam’s dad opened the door, and turned the outside light on, while Betty raced out and ran into her parents arms. Sam’s dad welcomed them in, and invited them to sit down. He began introductions, as Sam’s mom went to the kitchen to make some more tea. Mr. Anderson lagged behind, and waited for Sam’s dad to come out to talk to him. As Betty and her parents were filled in on the events of the past couple of days, they found themselves immediately enjoying the company of Martha and Sam and his family. 
Though they suspected that most of the story was a gross exaggeration, they smiled and enjoyed hearing their daughter tell it with such enthusiasm. 
“Isn’t our daughter so vivacious,” Betty’s dad exclaimed, and everyone there had to agree.
Sam’s dad and Mr. Anderson joined the party as Sam’s mom returned with a tray of cookies. 
“The tea will be out in a moment,” she said. 
“Thank you ma’am, but I must be going,” Mr. Anderson said politely. “I just wanted to congratulate all of you on your heroism today,” he said. “I only have a couple of items I must address and then I’ll be on my way. I want to let you know that the agents who participated in your kidnapping have all been apprehended and I can assure you of your safety. Secondly, we also recovered the stolen money; all but two million was there. While normally we would open an investigation into its whereabouts, considering the circumstances we feel that no investigation is needed.” 
Betty was looking down at her feet sheepishly, trying not to make eye contact with Sam, who glanced over at her suspiciously. 
“Lastly,” Mr. Anderson continued, “Your father has given me the coded cassette that started this whole mess, and I would like you all to be my witnesses.” 
Mr. Anderson turned toward the fire, now just a small flame flickering from a couple of blackened logs. He tossed it in, and it began melting over the red-coals, creating a black smoke that made its way up the chimney. Everyone, except Betty’s parents, stared dumbfounded into the fire. As they watched the plastic cassette melt, they knew Sam’s dad had suggested it be destroyed, and they all wondered if it was the right decision. Everyone, that is, except Martha who blurted out, “Good riddance.” 
After a moment of silence, Mr. Anderson turned to Betty‘s family, and asked if they would like a ride home or to a hotel, but Sam‘s mom spoke up and offered that they stay with them for the night. They looked at Betty, and then at each other and nodded. 
“We‘ll see that they get home,” Sam‘s dad said, as Betty got up and did a happy dance. 
“I hope you have a pleasant evening. Oh, and Chris, I expect to see you in my office on Thursday,” Mr. Anderson said as he turned to head out the door. 
“Yes sir,” Sam’s dad said nodding his head, and walked with Mr. Anderson out to the car.
After talking until well after midnight, everyone was exhausted and Martha had already been snoring in the big easy chair for the past hour. Sam’s mom brought out blankets, and offered their bedroom to Betty’s parents. Showing them upstairs, Sam’s parents went to Sam’s room and made a bed on the floor, where his bed once sat. Betty took a blanket and laid it across Martha’s lap then curled up on the floor by Sam next to the fire. Sam smiled as he noticed how kind Betty was to Martha and as he thought about how she helped him get through the past two days. They lay snuggled under their blankets on the floor watching the fire flicker and fade as it slowly died out. 
“What happened to the money?” Sam whispered to Betty. 
“I got tired of carrying it around, so I might have stuffed some of it under the seat in Martha’s car. I figure, out of everyone today, she needs it the most,” Betty said, as she closed her eyes, and began drifting off. 
“You’re right,” Sam agreed, and rolled over toward the fire, thankful to have someone like Betty for a friend.
As he lay and stared at the red coals, glimmering the last of their light, Sam paused and wondered one last time if the past two days had been a dream. He really didn’t care anymore. He was just happy to be where he was, with his friend Betty, on the floor of his house, listening to Martha snore, and most of all, knowing his dad had never really left him.

Chapter 26

Sam lay fast asleep. As he slowly awoke from his slumber he felt a gentle breeze blowing across his cheeks, which lay exposed to the warm sunlight. The brightness of the afternoon sun was shining through his eyelids. As he stirred he could smell a salty flavor from the wind in his nose. He heard the sound of crashing waves beating on a seashore. His peaceful rest was rudely disrupted by drops of water on his face, and he opened his eyes to see, standing over him, a darkened silhouette backlit by the sun. 
“Hey Samuel,” said a familiar voice, “Are you sleeping?” 
“Not anymore,” he said as he sat up and put his bare feet in the hot sand. 
“Martha and I are going to build a sandcastle, want to join us?” Betty asked, then turned around without waiting for an answer. Sam got up, and stretching his arms, he followed his friend who prancing across the beach in her pink bathing suit.
It was three months since the day Sam had awoken in his bed in the field. He and Betty had become fast friends, and would often travel back and forth on weekends to see each other. Sam’s parents were moving into their newly built home that week, but Sam had been invited to go on a holiday to a tropical island with Martha and Betty. Since he had already moved into his old house once, Sam figured he didn’t really need to do it again. He was enjoying being out of school for the week, and spending time in such an exotic place. As they built their sandcastle, Betty thanked Martha again for letting them join her on her big vacation. 
“Well, saints alive, I kind of have you two rascals to thank,” she said. 
“If you hadn‘t found that two million dollars under the passenger seat of my car, I would have never of remembered were I left it.” 
They all laughed, and Betty gave Martha a big hug. She was glad that Martha had money to move into a nice retirement home, and that she could go on a holiday to a tropical island. 
“How do you like it over at Geez…your new home?” Sam asked as he dug out part of the moat and reminded himself to stop calling it “Geezerville” out of respect for Martha. 
“It’s just lovely, and everyone is so nice…” she said before hesitating in thought, “Well, except for my crotchety old neighbor. Every afternoon, when I am watching my game shows, I can hear that old geezer cursing at the television,” she said shaking her head. 
“Oh, and last week he almost ran me over with his motorized cart.” 
Sam laughed as Betty filled another bucket full of sand. Martha told them funny stories about the good old days as the piled sand higher and higher. They laughed as the afternoon flew by. Soon the sun began to disappear over the horizon turning the big blue ocean the color of Martha’s old car boat.
As they finished the sandcastle, Betty turned to Sam with a serious look on her face. 
“Hey Samuel, isn’t it your birthday next week?” she asked. 
“What do you want for your birthday?” 
Sam thought for a minute, glancing nervously up and down the beach, and then said in a soft voice, “I need your help with a top-secret covert mission.” 
“Sure,” Betty said, stopping what she was doing to look over at him and asked with anticipation, “what is it?” 
“Well, I have this hunch that my parents bought me a trampoline, and I was wondering if you would sneak over to the crazy dog ladies yard the night before my party, and help me clean up all the dog poop in her yard before my cousins come over.”
Betty grinned and then began laughing so hard, the sheer joy of the moment caused her to stand up, run toward the water and start the biggest, longest, wildest, most joyous happy dance she had ever done. Sam sat back and watched the freckled faced, frizzy red-haired, skinny girl dancing her heart out with the huge purple ocean lit up by the setting sun behind her. Then he got up and joined the dance.
Martha made her way back to the beach chairs and pulled her Polaroid camera out of her beach bag. Then she walked back and took a picture of the two friends, arms around each other, grinning ear to ear. Moments later, Martha stood flapping a square picture in the air, and then blew their minds when she handed them the instant photo.  
Betty giggled with delight and Sam said, “This is the coolest invention since time-travel!”

The End.

Chapter 27: The Epilogue or What Didn’t Happen

The question of time travel has fascinated people for a long time. The theory of time as a dimension is not just a question of physics, but metaphysics. It is a philosophical and religious question. If there is a being in the universe or beyond the universe that exists apart from time, then the possibility of the humans experience changing in relationship to time must also exist.
When Sam traveled back in time, his being (as defined by his awareness) could not be both in the future and in the past at the same time, or he would break a law called “the law of non-contradiction.” (Something cannot both be and not be at the same time and in the same relationship.) So when Sam traveled back in time, his being and his matter stayed intact, but the relationship of his being to time changed. So what Sam experienced in the future may have happened to him, but it did not happen to anyone else, because he was the only person to have his being, and the matter inextricably attached to his being, change in relationship to time. It would be impossible therefore to know what happened in the four years of time that Sam lost when he traveled back in time, because none of it actually happened to anyone else. But that being said, impossibilities have never kept story-tellers from speculating.
On Friday Night, after he was double-crossed at the dock, Sam’s dad met up with Bill Johnson, who took the cassette and the money and went back to Golden Pastures.  Bill Johnson kept an emergency vehicle at the post office, so after returning home, he placed the money, cassette tape, and car keys in his P.O. boxes, then went back home and waited for someone to show up.  
Sam’s dad left from the hotel where Bill was staying, to meet Agent Engle. There he was captured, and questioned. Agent Engle was able to find the connection between Sam’s Dad, and Bill Johnson, and left early Saturday morning to interrogate Bill. But after a frustrating interrogation, and Bill faking a heart attack without divulging any information, Agent Engle figured Golden Pastures was a dead end. 
Because Sam’s dad refused to talk for so long, they eventually set him up as a fall guy, and claimed that he had stolen the money and run. But in reality they had murdered him and disposed of the body. Agent Engle eventually gave up the search even though he thought one copy of the cassette still existed, but he had no idea there was a second copy. 
In fact, nobody knew there was a second copy, because agents had ransacked Dr. Philips’ house and found nothing. Dr. Philips’s fiancé came over to help him clean up. Dr. Philips’ had a large stack of unopened junk mail which his fiancé threw in a box. When a package arrived late Saturday afternoon, Dr. Philips’ fiancé signed for it, and proceeded to throw it in the box for him to go through later, and forgot all about it. Soon, Dr. Philips and his fiancé were back to making wedding plans, getting married and honeymooning. By the time they got home from their honeymoon, the package sat under a pile of junk mail in a box in the attic. There it lay for four years, until they sold their house and were getting ready to move.
During those four years Bill Johnson had used the money that Sam’s dad had given him to build a house and keep watch over Sam and his mom. For four years they lived under his care, and Sam lived in constant sadness, never noticing a pretty red-headed high school girl that would often walk past his house with her friend. One day Dr. Philips showed up with a cassette tape, a box in the back of his trunk containing a time machine, and a note with Bill’s name on it.
Bill decided that the best thing to do was to send someone back in time, to the day that Sam’s dad had said someone would come to retrieve the tape. Bill thought for a moment, then reached in his pocket and pulled out the house key for Sam’s house. He told Dr. Philips that Sam was alone and that his mom was at work. Dr. Philips snuck in the house, and laid the time machine blanket over Sam and his bed. Then inserting the tape into the machine and pressing some buttons he set the coordinates to read four years earlier; Saturday morning, the day after Sam’s dad had made the second copy of the cassette and placed it in a package. While the package sat in the blue mailbox, the cassette in the package disappeared from its case. At that same moment, four years in the future, the cassette in the time machine, the time machine itself, Sam, his bed, and everything else from the future vanished.
What happened after that, according to Aristotle, is like asking “what rocks dream about when they sleep.” All I can tell you is that if this story had been about time travel, it would have been a dull story indeed. For any moment we experience time without the love of family and friends, is time that means very little.
