Awakening
by
Luna WhiteClaw

Home
The garden was a large affair with many trees scattered though out and neat garden beds with potatoes off all kinds and pumpkin of many varieties and sizes varying from golden little nugget sized ones and long pale yellow almost white skinned ones with sweet soft orange meat to deep orange very large fleshy ones dominating one large garden bed against one side of the boundary fence and  neat smaller beds for carrots, beets, rhubarb, brussel sprouts,  onions, garlic, cucumbers,  lettuce  and many more all in neat beds of their own.  Along another fence line there were tomato plants neatly staked in one long row and another fence line had several large trellises with a choice of beans and peas making their way slowly to the top.  Cherry, apple, plum, orange and lemon trees were scattered about and a very large old oak tree shaded the house.  A smoke house was tucked away in a corner of the garden next to the wood shed, a well could be seen from the back door and several neat garden beds with herbs and spices such as rosemary, thyme, mint, lemongrass, ginger, basil, paprika and pepper, peppermint and spearmint as well as aloe vera and sage, coriander, oregano and vanilla all edged with dandelions and forget-me-nots.  
It was a garden where there was always something to do, a little weeding or digging to aerate and feed the soil with a little compost, trim and prune.  A girl was weeding around the carrots and rhubarbs digging a little to loosen the soil and help them grow, humming to herself, digging her hands into the soil.  She looked up in confusion, as if seeing everything for the first time. She looked down and saw her hands buried in soil. It felt so NICE with the moist coolness between her fingers and that musty earthy smell was so refreshing and felt like coming home.  She heard a noise and looked around slowly and saw neat garden plots with carefully placed rock. As she looked towards the noise she spotted an old man with white shoulder length hair, once gold blond hair now white as snow, bending down and with his large hands to delicately pull some offending weeds. As he stood, the sun was behind and the broad shoulders of a hunter and marks man with the bow could clearly be seen, looked as if he was surrounded by a bright halo. Turning towards her he smiled and blew her a kiss which she caught and smiling rubbed into her cheek. With hands clutching soil she stood and walked towards him. As she approached, the old man stooped down smiling as she held out the soil. He took her hand and inhaled deeply as she then lowered her head and also inhaled deeply. They looked deeply into each other’s eyes, young sky blue into tired old grey, smile and nod. The moment was broken by a voice from the window calling that the evening meal was nearly ready and for them to come in and get cleaned up. The old man took her hand and they walked along the path to the house slowly, stopping at the garden trough to wash their hands and faces. Walking up stone steps and then through a door which is painted in bright colours, the smell of the evening meal of a hearty vegetable stew with fried bacon and onion and freshly baked bread, assaulted their noses making their tummies growl like two hungry bears. As they moved further into the spacious kitchen, a large pot seemed to be walking towards them, the old man lifted the pot to reveal a small lady. With a kindly smile which showed her two gold teeth she shuffled over to the serving bench. The girl took the cutlery which was already waiting for her and walked into the next room, as she walked out of the kitchen she could hear the old lady mumbling in a sing song voice as she was serving up the food on their plates. In the next room there was a massive oval table covered with a cream embroidered table cloth that had the prettiest gold fringe. She placed the cutlery in their appropriate places then sat in her seat and patiently waited, looking around the familiar room where everything that ever happened in this home was in here or the kitchen.
As the old woman bent with age shuffle in with the plates laden with delicious food the old man walked over to the big cabinet against the far wall, opening the big door on with the delicately painted oak tree on the left and took down with the large three pronged candelabra placing it gently and reverence every so lovingly in the center of the table. Whilst he was doing that the old lady had gone back into the kitchen and brought back a dark cane basket with a beautiful white cloth embroidered with golden corn stalks and yellow sunflowers. The steam from the freshly baked bread was rising through the embroidery like mist rises in the morning off the fresh snow.  Setting the basket on the table the old woman produced matches from her spacious and numerous apron pockets, they all became silent as she lit the white, red and black candles and placed a small bread roll specifically baked at the foot of the candelabra saying; 
“From forest and stream; From mountain and field; From the fertile Earth's nourishing yield; We now partake of divine energy; May it lend health strength and love to us.  Blessed Be”.  They then proceeded to enjoy the wonderful food provided by the garden so lovingly tended by all.
After the meal was completed and everything was cleaned up it was time to sit at the big oval table with the candles in the candelabra as the main lighting. This time it was to listen to stories and to sing. The old woman brought out her darning basket, made of dark twigs inter woven in an odd shape which resembled a bent over jug more than a basket, and then went in search for the socks and other things which need mending.  Her long delicate fingers finding the objects of her desire then set to work in an agility belying her great age darning socks in such a way it could never be seen where the repair was made.  The old man would light the wood in the hearth and then sit in his big, soft, threadbare chair. He made the chair look like a throne when he sat so relaxed yet still so tall and regal. Sitting at his feet on a big cushion as threadbare as the chair she wriggled until she had clear view of her grandmother who had a smaller more delicate but identical chair in which she looked like a queen in the girls eyes.
That evening began as they usually did with the grandfather telling the grandmother what was happening in his vegetable garden. There were seeds popping and small green delicate seedlings emerging, the fruit trees were budding and a bee hive was being built in the old wood shed, which were actually only a few bits of wood stacked together. The grandmother would listen intently nodding her head while mending a torn sleeve. She had a patch near the back door which led to the kitchen where she grew her herbs. The conversation turned to the actual season and all the magical events that would take place during that time of year. The grandfather began to talk about the Faery Queen and that she must be due to hold her spring festival. The grandmother was becoming very agitated and changed the subject into a story about spring cleaning and how things, when the grandmothers grandmother was a girl were done and why.  Sensing a wonderful story the girl crawled onto her grandfather’s lap.
In the olden days, the grandmother started......when my grandmother was just a girl and spring came, it was a time for celebration. The winter freeze was survived and they were alive and a new beginning was on its way. The whole village would clean out their huts by dragging all the old dirty straw, which was used to keep the floor warm, into the center of the village. They would scrub, sweep, scrape and dig until the whole village was clean by the end of the day. That evening the whole village would gather at the pile of straw and dirt and they would throw the twig brooms and scrubbing rags onto the pile and then the oldest woman in the village lit the straw and began to sing a song of thanks and praise as the village joined in song and dance. The women would go and get food which was prepared during the day and the whole village feasted in celebration of spring survival and new beginnings.
By the time the grandmother had finished the story the girl was falling asleep on the grandfather’s lap. Gently being woken and led by the hand to the bedroom, which once was her mothers, the girl was helped by her grandmother into a soft warm night gown and the girl felt secure in the knowledge that she was safe and loved unconditionally. As she slipped under the blanket her grandmother opened the curtains to let the brilliant light of the moon enter the room. The grandmother bent down and said a small prayer; 
“O Gracious Goddess; O Gracious God; She now enters the realm of dreams; Weave now, it You will, weave a web of protective light around her.” she then  kissed the girl first on cheeks, then the forehead, then the eyelids and lastly a gentle kiss on the lips. The girl could smell all sorts of wonderful things such as lavender, mint, lemon grass, roses and then there was that smell she could never quite identify, it tugged at a long forgotten memory but it always slipped just out of reach. The girl snuggled down under the big feather blanket and began to dream......











The Dream
The smell of summer rain and freshly cut grass surrounded the girl as she stepped into the a clearing filled with colour.  As she walked further into the clearing she became surrounded by hundreds of beautiful butterflies with vibrantly colored wings, hues for which the girl could not find a name for.  The butterflies were fluttering around her head in such a wild frenzy that she had to gently wave her hands in front of her face to be able to see.  She could feel them landing on her hair and lifting some as they took off into flight.  Looking around in wonder at the flowers that were growing all around her she dropped to her knees wanting to smell and touch them.  The butterflies flew in a mad frenzy all around her and then settled on nearby flowers as well as the girl’s hair and shoulders.  A butterfly landed on the tip  of her nose which made the girl giggle.  As the girl went cross eyed to looked closer she saw that what had landed on her nose was not a butterfly at all but a tiny little person with a big smile.  The surprise of seeing a little butterfly person perched on the end of her nose made the girl jump back and falls onto her back in amongst the flowers and butterflies.  This caused a riot of fluttering of wings and a few of the butterflies flew up to her face and she saw little people with wings and very cranky faces waving their arms about angrily.   Watching them and looking around she saw that not all of the swarm of butterflies were little people. 
As everything settled the girl noticed movement to her left and turned to see more clearly.  A procession of butterflies moved along in a very stately manner but on closer inspection the girl could see that every single butterfly was actually tiny person.   The noise which the girl heard was actually drums and pan pipes playing and also singing in the most heartbreakingly beautiful voices.  As the procession got closer to the girl it stopped and as the sea of butterfly people parted, the girl could see the most beautiful maiden that she had ever seen, not that she had met many beautiful young maidens living with her grandparents and seeing mostly their neighbours, friends and relatives.  The girl was stunned by all these lovely creatures and bobbed down on her heels in the middle of the clearing, staring in wonder and amazement with her eyes nearly popping out of her head and her mouth about to drop open.
A carriage made out of flower the kind which the girl had never seen before was drawn by bumble bees.  The colours were of hues of the flowers the girl had never seen nor heard describe before and she could find no words to describe the vibrancy yet subtlety of the colours which emanated from these petals.  A beautiful small creature stood up and waved to the girl and motioned for her to come closer beckoning with her tiny hands.  The girl carefully moved closer, she could hear individual voices and was yet again mesmerized by the beauty of the sound.  There was something familiar to the girl as she listened more closely to the melody, a haunting sound tugging at a memory tucked away in furthest recess of her subconscious.  The beautiful tiny lady stretched and fluttered her wings and then ever so gracefully floated up to the girls face with a beautiful smile which lit up her face.  Looking closely, the girl saw sapphire blue eyes and a heart shaped face, there was something familiar about her face but yet again it felt like a long lost memory to the girl.  The butterfly lady opened her mouth but the noise which came out was that of a flock of chirping birds, not words that the girl could understand.  The little butterfly lady frowned, wings fluttering in an irritated manner, which if it could have, made her even more beautiful and then looked up with delight glowing on her face.  With a look of concentration the little lady fluttered back and forth in front of the girls face and then just as quick she turned around and looked hard at the girl and made a humming sound, similar to bees far away.  The girl smiled and shook her head slightly indicating that she could not understand which made her feel a little sad.
There was a commotion and another butterfly person, a man, fluttered up to the girls face and made noises which were somewhere between birds twittering and the wind rustling autumn leaves as he spoke.  The little lady and the little man were talking they looked at the girl and stopped, the man cleared his throat and called in a loud clear voice “I am called Alberich, do you understand me little human?”  The girl smile and nodded her head too afraid to speak unless they disappeared and she woke up.  The little man turned to speak to the little lady and then he turned back to the girl “I have the greatest of pleasure to introduce you to the Princess Niamh.  Princess of this entire realm which the eyes perceive” The girl is surprised by the announcement and in the huffy manner it was done.  She smiled and bowed her head and spoke in a shy whisper “My name is Dagmar, your Highness, it is a pleasure to meet you”, shyly looking at the beautiful faery princess.  
Princess Niamh listened intently to what Dagmar had said and after clearing her throat she spoke in a voice so clear and beautiful, it could make you weep, and said “Welcome Dagmar, welcome to my kingdom.  May I ask how it is you have come to be here as we have not seen humans since……?” The princess stopped suddenly and looked very closely at Dagmar and then she turned to Alberich and spoke in hushed tones.  All this was making Dagmar very nervous and she looked around for a place to hide if the need arose, not seeing anything apart from hundreds of butterflies, no they were faeries she reminded herself and there was nothing big enough for her to hide behind.  The princess noticed that Dagmar was becoming agitated and turned to her and smiled “Come and we will talk, follow us and we will go to the palace and speak about many things.  I am sure you have many questions as we also have many to ask you.  Do not be afraid we will not harm you little sweetling you will be safe.” The girl decided that there was no harm in following these beautiful creatures because after all, it was only a dream……                    
































Another realm
The procession became a fluttering whirl wind of wings, giggles and noise as they turned around to make their way back to the palace.  Dagmar waited until everyone was ready and she slowly got up dislodging a few faeries which had made themselves comfortable on her knees and began to follow.  The girl was constantly surrounded by chattering faeries who constantly buzzed around her head and quickly darted in front of her face and then just as quickly flew away again giggling.  Some of the braver ones would fly up to her face and quickly touch her nose or eye lashes and flew away before she could react.  It was a merry procession with music, dancing and much singing when suddenly a hush fell over the parade.  Princess Niamh stood up in her carriage and moved her hands in graceful motions until there was a shimmering like the kind you saw on hot days.  The air around the whole crowd began to crackle with static and the small spot of shimmer grew bigger and bigger until everything that was part of the procession was enveloped.  Dagmar felt no fear, in fact she felt very much at peace, something akin to sleeping in your own bed after spending time away. As they made their way into the shimmer, it became transparent and disappeared within moments of stepping into it.  The child noticed one remarkable change immediately, the Princess and all her retinue were now the same size as she was. 
Alberich flew up to Dagmar and bowed “Welcome to the faery palace, the home of their highnesses the King and Queen of the Fae.   Her Highness, Princess Niamh cordially invites you to a small feast to welcome you to our realm.” he bowed again, not waiting for an answer then flew away.  The palace came into view and it was breathtakingly beautiful with towers which were topped with spires curled and twisted like a unicorn’s horn, sparkling in a rainbow of colours and vanished into the clouds.  The courtyard at the center of the palace, which seemed to be curled around the courtyard similar to a cat curled up in front of the kitchen fire, could be seen from the massive sparkling butterfly wing shaped gates through which the procession was heading.
When the whole cavalcade came to a complete stop, movement erupted out of the windows and doors, from seemingly out of nowhere marquees were erected and tables set up, a platform appeared and tables as well as some very special looking chairs were set in place.  There were cooking fires popping up everywhere and the smells which drifted up Dagmar’s nose, reminded her that she had not eaten since the evening before.  Her tummy made some very impatient grumble noises which stopped faeries close enough to hear and fell about laughing.  A pretty dark haired faery popped into view, looking a little daunted at the task given, she beckoned for Dagmar to follow in quick frightened movements.  Looking around and not being able to see the princess or Alberich, she followed the little faery.
They wound their way through marquees, cooking fires and dance platforms.  They were met by an elderly faery “Greetings sweetling, I am called Lillianna and you are…..” she tilted her head questioningly and looked at the girl with twinkling eyes “My name is Dagmar and it is a pleasure to meet you Lillianna” said the girl whilst making a small curtsey, “May I ask where the princess is?”.  The elderly faery smiled and responded kindly “The princess has gone to freshen up before the feast; she has sent old Lillianna to speak with you and to make you feel comfortable and at home, my dear.  I have something for you, which will make it easier for us all to understand each other” placing a small ring made of tiny flowers of all the colours of the rainbow into the girls palm.  When Dagmar looked more closely she noticed that it had grown big enough to fit her pinkie finger and that the flowers were all individual gems.  Looking at Lillianna, the girl slipped the ring on her right pinkie finger and she immediately could understand all the rustling noises which were actually many conversations.  A small squeak of surprise escaped before she could stop herself and she looked around slightly shaken realising that nobody paid any attention.  The elderly elf chuckled and walked over to where Dagmar was standing “Welcome my dear, I am so happy to finally meet you.  Speaking human is something we enjoy but it is so much easier to be able to speak in a language we are comfortable in, also not all fae have learnt the tongue of man.”   Lillianna held out her small delicate hand, Dagmar tentatively took it and they walked over to the table and sat down.
“You have many questions my dear!”  There WERE many questions bubbling around in the girls head and as they sat she had to ask a few to ease the pressure “What is this place?  How did I get here? I thought you were all very tiny creatures”  Lillianna gestured to one of the faeries flitting about with trays and took two goblets of rose dew nectar, handed one to Dagmar and settled back into her seat, preparing herself to answer many questions.  “Well my dear this is the Faery Realm, we live parallel with the human world but we have a magical curtain to stop humans from accidentally stumbling into our realm.  As for how you got here, well only those with fae blood can safely pass through both boundaries.  The one separating our real from yours AND the protective orb we have crafted in case a human somehow stumbles into the realm, as you did my dear. We are on average the same height as humans but in your realm we like to be small because then we can hide much better and also get into places we may need to go with greater ease” Dagmar was very, she had believed that this was all a dream and that she was still safely in bed.  She sat and pondered this information and then asked “But Lillianna, how could I be here apart from in a dream?  I am asleep in my bed and this is all just a dream.” Lillianna took sip from the goblet and sighed appreciatively “Ahh my darling little foundling you are of the fae, a halfling as some would say, which makes me wonder who gave you fae blood.  That is the only reason you could walk on the beam of the Mother Moon and enter this realm.  Your shadow is in your bed and your Oma will know where you are I am sure.  With the ring you will be able to bring the WHOLE YOU next time you visit.  Now my sweetling would you like to have a look around before the feasting begins?”  The girl very much wanted to explore but after what Lillianna had said she was not so sure.  Lillianna sensed that and suggested they go for a stroll together before the feast began.
As they walked through the courtyard it was hard to ignore the merry atmosphere and even harder not to be infected by the festive spirit.  Dagmar and Lillianna strolled slowly, seemingly aimlessly around the courtyard until they arrived at one of the many doors which led inside the palace.  They walked through and found themselves in what appeared to be a dressing room and startled a couple of faeries who were choosing dresses for the feast.  Turning towards Dagmar and Lillianna they curtseyed and offered to help them get dressed for the feast.  The faery girls treated Lillianna with such reverence that Dagmar wondered who she actually was.  The dresses were breathtaking with so many colours and styles, it was very overwhelming until Lillianna suggested that she and Dagmar would sit down and the little faeries could choose what suited best and dress them.  That announcement put the little faeries into a right flutter and with that dresses made of spider web flew one way and stockings made of gossamer the other.  Dagmar closed her eyes and let it all be a big surprise………


The Dress
The noise which was generated by the excited faeries was a mixture of giggles, wing fluttering and rustling and much whispered conversation.  Some small arguments erupted but were quickly sorted out with more giggling, hugging and fluttering as a result.  With her eyes closed the girl listened to the buzzing and giggling, which sounded like little silver bells pealing, trying to think about all the questions she had as well as still trying to tell herself that she will wake up at any moment in her warm and comfy bed, and was soon lulled into a light doze.  As she floated in a fuzzy dream like state the girl became aware she could see the little faeries flitting about excitedly choosing and discarding clothing in rapid succession creating several small mountains from a seemingly endless supply, wondering how this could be but she was so relaxed and comfortable she did not pursue the thought.
Lillianna was watching Dagmar and saw that she had fallen into light sleep and sat quietly observing the child with gentle eyes.  She watched the little face with high cheek bones, gently arched eye brows; long dark eye lashes resting on rosy cheeks and a small cherub mouth that liked to smile and white blond ringlets falling in a tumble over the girls’ forehead and shoulders.  Her small hands were resting in her lap, fingers gently curled with the palms facing up.  Lillianna leaned over and took a closer looked at the child’s palms. Following the individual lines with her eyes, she smiled and nodded, looking more closely at the child Lillianna made discoveries which disturbed yet pleased her immensely.  Sitting back the old faery let herself travel the many paths in her ancient memory looking to find answers to her own questions.
Dagmar felt as if she was in a dream within a dream.  As she looked down she saw the little faeries busy rummaging through piles and piles of material and listened to them as they chatted happily away “OOOH look Illona, this one is just so perfect for the Lady Lillianna” the Red haired faery said her friend “No Adella, we need to find a dignified special dress which shows her heritage not a mad rainbow.  I have been looking for a deep green one but can’t even find a forest green…..” throwing a bundle of material into the air frustrated to not find what she envisioned Lillianna to be wearing at the feast, Illona dived into the very center of another pile of material re-emerging feet first wriggling with all her might to get whatever she had grabbed out.  Adella flew to her friends rescue and grasped her ankles when suddenly Illona popped out causing both faeries to go tumbling into another stack of clothing.  Laughing they untangled themselves, straightening out wings and looked at what treasure Illona had found.  Dagmar watched them but then became distracted when she saw Lillianna leaning over looking closely at her hands, instinctively pulling her hands away and tucking them behind her back The girl noticed that the hands Lillianna was looking at had not moved.  Intrigued more than frightened Dagmar watched closely as the old faery looks inspected at her face and then slowly leaned back and closed her own eyes.  Not sure as to what had just happened the child watched the little faeries a little longer as she spotted some very small creatures which did not look like faeries creep into the room.   
The two little faeries had during this time been very busy making several piles of clothing ranging from a small heap to some towering mountain of colour and texture.  They were busy finding accessories for the small mound of material to then present their selection to their honored guests.  There were some small pixies which had snuck into the room and were trying to be helpful, by diving headlong amongst piles of all sorts of things rummaging about finding small treasures such as belts with rubies and diamonds and tiaras made entirely of a single diamond with a veil made of spider webs, or they knew they would be told to go find other things to do.  It was a cacophony of twittering, whistling, humming and fluttering wings which made the two faeries concerned that the noise may wake up the girl.  The two faeries kept shushing and hushing the pixies in an attempt to keep them quiet, because everyone knew that excited pixies meant much hubbub and noise. 
Dagmar and Lillianna opened their eyes simultaneously and found themselves surrounded by glowing eyes and happy smiles.  Sitting up the child stretched and tried to stifle a yawn as three small faces popped up and nearly bumped into Dagmar’s nose.  Resettling in their cushioned alcove Lillianna and the girl were treated to a fashion show with a difference.  The first item parading into the room was an exquisitely delicate yellow dress which as Dagmar noticed was actually two dresses, a kind of solid colour under dress and the second was a filmy, see through material.  Illona was giving a commentary “This exquisite gown ladies, a tribute to the real from the meadow clan and is made of pure sunshine woven into honey bee hairs for the under dress with the over dress created from spider silk with long pointed sleeves as is the fashion at the moment.  You will note that both the under and over dress skirt portion is designed into individual over lapping flower petals, again a very fashionable creation” looking down Illona pointed at a small pair of sunshine yellow skipping along trying to catch up with the dress as it paraded around the room “an these ladies are the matching slippers.” Another gown came into view as the first found a vacant spot and hovered in place, this one a dramatic black “This dress was created by black widow spiders as a tribute to the realm. The under dress is made of tightly woven from black widow silk and the over dress is also black widow silk woven during the nights of the full moon.  As with the previous dress the sleeves are long and pointed and the skirts on both dresses are petal shaped.  Oh and to complete the ensemble are these beautiful black midnight slippers” Illona hurried the slippers along as the next creation came into view, a gown of all the shades of green from a seedling green to the deep green of the needles of fir trees “Here is a creation and offering by the forests and tribute to the realm again a very fashionable design with a dark forest green silk from the forest spiders silk woven on the moonless nights.  The over dress was also made from the silk of the forest spiders but interwoven with rays of sun shine and moon beams and gold leaves woven into the material completes this gorgeous gown.” 
The two faeries were looking anxiously at Lilliannas and Dagmar’s faces twisting their hands and biting their lips.  The next ensemble began to parade around the room and Illona began her commentary. “This midnight blue under dress again with the petal finish and the over dress was created out of mother of pearl gossamer with long pointed sleeves and petals forming the skirt.  The slipper, which you see skipping along are also midnight blue with silver trim. Ahhhh and for the last creation here is a most delicate gown made of mother of pearl spider silk with the over dress made of soap bubble pink gossamer and decorated with sparkling dew drops and silver slippers which are just now skipping into view over there.”  All four dresses curtseyed and settled in their most becoming pose awaiting selection.  Both Dagmar and Lillianna clapped their hands in appreciation of the lovely show, the two faeries blushed and came forward and curtseyed.  Illona being the bravest of the two stepped forward “Lady Lillianna, sweetling Dagmar, would you do us the honor of choosing your gown for this evenings feast?” Adella scurried over to make quick last minute adjustments, turning just in time to see Dagmar walk to the green dress, feeling very shy the child was afraid to touch the gown because it looked so delicate and fragile close up.  Adella flew to the rescue, offering to help Dagmar, began to help the child get out of her night gown and then gathered the green under dress and flew up over Dagmar’s head “Lift your arms right up into the air sweetling, that’s it right over your head.  Now let the dress adjust itself.” Hearing those words the girl felt the dress adjusting it to fit her perfectly.  Lillianna was watching and shook her head “Oh my dear that colour makes you look absolutely ill.  The green is far too dark for your fair hair and skin.  Why not try that gorgeous pink dress on and see how it suits you?” The girl and the faery went back to their little corner and as Adella helped the child out of the gown agreed with the judgment the poor child looked ill in such dark colours “Sweetling, Lady Lillianna was right you looked so horribly pale almost dead!  What you need is a gentle colour with sunshine, you are a sunshine child” Adella picked up the pink dress and flew up to hover over the girls head, with arms already raised and waiting all the faery had to do was fit the under dress and let it adjust only flitting away long enough to pick up the over dress and place it on Dagmar and then stood back and waited for the material to adjust itself to fit the girl like a glove.  
In the meantime Lillianna chose the midnight blue gown and had Illona help dress her.  As the gown adjusted itself it showed the faery to be a beautifully regal faery that had such an air of royalty that the girl had the urge to curtsey which she did reflexively.  Lillianna tried to stop her “Oh no my darling you never ever have to curtsey to me.  Oh my! Don’t you just look adorable!  Wait a moment……Illona, Adella do you know where that little tiara is?” Adella leaped up and flew to a small collection of treasures and returned with the tiara holding it like a trophy.  Handing the tiara to Lillianna and then fluttering out of the way with Illona right behind her.  The faery turned to look at Dagmar and stepped forward “With your beautiful hair and skin this tiara will set of the gown and make you look like a princess.  Would you like to wear it sweetling?”  The child nodded her head with eyes as big as saucers looking at the seven sparkling gems set into it.  With great care Lillianna placed the tiara on top of Dagmar’s head and it looked as if were made for the girl and the seven gems began to glow slightly.  
Adella and Illona brought a huge mirror for Dagmar to see herself in; she did look just like a faery princess except for the wings.  Twirling this way and that the girl could see that dress constantly changing colour and sparkled as if there were stars woven into the material.  A tingling from scalp to the bottom of her bare feet made her giggle prevented her from noticing the way all the other occupants in the room were looking at the small tiara.  With a lot of commotion Lillianna had a look into the mirror to make sure everything was in place, gently adjusting the necklace which sparkled with a kaleidoscope of colour.  Adella flew over to Dagmar and with Illonas help they adjusted a few of the child’s ringlets that were a little more energetic and then fluttered back a little distance with hands on hips smiled and said in unison said “Princess Dagmar!” and fell about giggling helplessly.  















The Feast
The sound of flutes and drums drifted in through the window, the pixies ran to the window and began to cheer as they clambered out of the window and into the crowd.  Illona was shaking her head at the rudeness of some folk and Adella was making some final adjustments to the tiara on the girls golden ringlets, Lillianna endured the same treatment from Adella and then she reached out and took the girls hand and they walked out of the door and were immediately surrounded by a festival of colour and sound.   As they made their way to the platform many different creatures came up to touch Lilliannas hand in reverence and to also get a peek at the little foundling everybody had been talking about.  Lillianna waved to someone and motioned for them to come to her, as Dagmar was trying to look around in all directions at once she spotted a very handsome man fly to Lilliannas side and gently kissing her on the cheek.  “Sweetling this is Thandraug … in human they call me Randolph.  My darling I would like you to meet Dagmar our foundling” with a gracious bow Thandraug lifted Dagmar’s hand to his lips and gently kissed it, all the while looking closely at the child’s face “Please call me Randolph, my darling wife” glancing cheekily at Lillianna “has this need to be so formal at times.” Then straightening he took Lilliannas hand and placed it on his arm and took the girls hand in his other and led the little party to the platform.  
The table last seen empty by Dagmar now nearly groaned under the weight of all the food and decorations, surrounding it were some of the most beautiful chairs the girl had ever seen.  As they reached the bottom of the steps leading up to the platform they heard a trumpet fanfare and the whole crowd went wild with cheers as a man and lady wended their way through the crowd from the opposite side.  Lillianna smiled and fluttering her wings and flew to meet the pair, whilst Randolph and Dagmar walked up the steps.  They arrived in time to see Lillianna curtsey and then kiss the lady and then did the same with the man, all the while busily chatting to both of them, turning around with a wave of her hand Lillianna was indicating Randolph and Dagmar and turning back still speaking to the pair.
Randolph looked pleased to see these two faeries and walked over to them to bow to both and then taking the pretty ladies hand and kissing it lightly, then turning to the faery man bowing and then grasping his hand to shake it.  The auburn haired lady was during this exchange looking at the child indicating for Lillianna to bring her over for the pair to meet.  Dagmar was feeling a little foolish standing there watching all this formality and hugging, which did not make sense to her.  Lillianna flew to the girls side and took her hand with a bright smile “Come sweetling I would like for you to meet some very special people” walking over to where everybody was now standing in silence waiting for them.
“Your Highnesses I would like to introduce to you our foundling Dagmar” turning to the girl “Sweetling may I introduce Her Highness Titania Queen of the Fae and King Oberon King of the Fae” stepping back slightly Lillianna made room for Dagmar to curtsey and meet the royal pair.  Titania took the girl by the hand and enfolded her in a loving hug as did Oberon after she turned to him.  Not a word was spoken, not just by the royal pair, but by the whole crowd, there was total silence as the introductions were made.  Titania turned to Lillianna smiling “You were right when you said she had her looks.  Let us go and feast and get to know each other better.  Come Dagmar, come and sit by me.” Leading the way Titania took the child by the hand and led them to the table, choosing a seat. Out of nowhere pixies appeared pulling out chairs and unfolding napkins.  Oberon seated himself across from the girl and Lillianna sat on the other side of her with Randolph next to his wife.  “So sweetling what do you think of our beautiful realm?” asked Oberon smiling down at the girl, “Oh sir it is just lovely here!” responded Dagmar shyly, having never spoken to a king before let alone King of the Fae.  Titania rescued the child by clapping her hands and saying, “Uruviel! Bellmaethorion! There you are, about time you found your way to the feast.  You come alone?” without waiting for a reply she turns to Dagmar saying “Sweetling, I presume you have met my granddaughter Uruviel in human it is Niamh?  This is her husband, Bellmaethorion which in human is Wouter” Smiling she then turned to her granddaughter and Wouter and blew them an affectionate kiss.  The food was beginning to arrive on floating platters ranging from berry tartlets wrapped in thin pastry topped with jelly to extravagantly designed fruit platters with exotic looking fruits in colours which the child had not seen before nor give names to.  Before the food arrived three large candles were placed on the table in a three pronged candelabra.  Titania lit the first, a white candle and said in a solemn voice “From forest and stream; From mountain and field; From the fertile Earth's nourishing yield;” she then lit a large red candle “We now partake of divine energy; may it lend health, strength and love to us.” she lit the last, a black candle  “Blessed Be”  Plates were placed in front of everybody, by busy pixies that were so small it took three to carry one empty plate, and glasses were filled by industrious faeries, with delicious berry juice.  Oberon placed some delicious slices of a very yellow fruit and encouraged the child to try it, cutting into the fruit Dagmar found it to be juicy and after the first small morsel passed her lips she could not even try and find the words to describe the deliciously sweet flesh.  The flesh had a smooth texture and the taste was sweet, but not sickeningly so, mixed with a honey dew melon flavor.  Noticing how much she was enjoying the fruit Oberon indicated to the faery with that particular fruit tray to place more of the delicious fruit on to the girls’ plate.  Titania turned to the child “Well sweetling I see you like our delicious fruits, this one you are eating is as fruit we harvested during spring and summer from the ‘Summer Meadows’ and we call it Summer Meat.  I am happy to see you have a healthy appetite.  May I ask an impertinent question?  How old are you little one?  Where do you come from in the human world child?  Who takes care of you in your human home?”  Dagmar chewed and swallowed hastily not wanting to have the Queen waiting “I am twelve years old this spring and I live with my grandparents in a small village near the big forest, your highness.” answered the girl.  Wouter turned to Lillianna “Was that not the same of the village you once visited many cycles ago Lilli?” “I am not sure Wouter; there are many big forests and many villages.  The one you are thinking of was near a larger lake with a small village nestled between forest and lake, as I recall” Dagmar blinked in surprise at Lillianna “That sounds like my village!  We have the forest behind us and the lake before us” as Dagmar spoke those words the music began in earnest and so did the festivities.   
Queen Titania and King Oberon took to their wings and flew to where a space had been cleared for dancing and began with the traditional first dance.  Randolph stood and bowed ceremoniously to Dagmar asking her with a wink “Would you like to dance with an old man sweetling?” holding out his hand for her to take.  The child blushed and took his hand “I don’t know how to dance Sir.”  “For a start I am not a Sir, sweetling, Randolph will do nicely and second, I will show you how to dance so never fear.  I promise not to embarrass you!” and with that he took her in his arms and began to dance, but it was not on the ground, they were flying!  Dagmar gasped and hung on tight “Relax child I will not let you fall, here stand on my feet and you will be able to enjoy yourself more than having me in a strangle hold” Randolph said with a chuckle.  The girl took his advice and placed her feet on top of his and felt a little better as he fluttered his wings and danced through the air in intricate patterns.  Many other faery couples joined them and the air was filled with music, murmured conversation, laughter and wing flutters, Lillianna joined the faery dance with Wouter whilst Niamh sat and watched the beautiful display from below clapping her hands in time.  When the music finished, Randolph returned the girl, with flushed cheeks and breathless with the exhilaration of having flown, to the platform setting her down near her seat.  Still smiling he assisted her into her seat and then took his own.   
As the evening wore on and the wild dancing exhausted the revelers, small groups broke into song, some merry yet others hauntingly beautiful.  Dagmar sat and listened, resting her head on the back of the chair focusing on the closest group who were singing a merry song in another language which sounded strange yet familiar to the girl.  Concentrating on the words the girl began to feel sleepy, with a jerk she sat up.  Sensing that something was bothering the child Lillianna leant over and asked “Are you alright sweetling? You look as if you are about to take flight.”, “I was just thinking that it must be late and I had better get back home.  Not being ungrateful but I don’t want to have my grandparents worry about me “said Dagmar with a sigh.  Lillianna smiled “Ah sweetling I am sorry but they curtain is at its strongest at this moment and we cannot return you.  I am certain that your Oma and Opa will know that as long as they look after your shadow you will return to them, because you have fae blood in you I suspect so do they and thus they would know what to do” Feeling a little reassured the girl relaxed and began to listen to the singing again, but this time the words began to make a little sense.  They were about a faery and her husband ran away to protect her unborn, or so it sounded, they never returned but news reached the kingdom that the faery died and the father returned to his own people.  It was a sad song and it made the girl sad, small tears escaped her closed eye lids and slid like small diamonds down her cheeks, noticing this was Niamh who went to comfort the child “Hush sweetling, all is well.  What is making you so sad you cry?”  A little embarrassed Dagmar explained “It was the song Niamh, I don’t know how but as I focused on the song I began to understand the words. Was it about a faery who ran away and had a baby and she died and the father went away?  That is what I understood.”  A little surprised by this Niamh nodded “Yes it is a sad song and yes you understood the words, it is a legend of long ago.  Maybe after you have had some rest you may wish to listen to some legends told by true story tellers?” Looking pleased Dagmar nodded and yawned at the same time causing a laugh to bubble out of Niamh, taking her by the hand the faery flew them to another section of the palace, through several archways stopping in a room filled with gentle star light and a massive bed.  Gently helping the girl into bed, Niamh pulled back the silk sheet and encouraged her to rest her head on the pillow arranging her hair around her face, pulling up the sheet to her shoulders the faery kisses the girls cheeks, forehead, eyelids and lastly the lips, before stepping back and watching the sleeping child “Blessed Be little one, may sweet dreams be yours” and flew quietly out of the room.  






Breaking Fast
There was a terrible itch on the bottom of Dagmar’s feet and she kept moving and rubbing, but the itch seemed to follow.  Rolling onto her back she opened her eyes and looked around, sitting up with fright, and then just as suddenly remembering where she was but not certain where the room she found herself in was.  As she slipped out of the bed and her feet touched the ground a chorus of giggles emanated out from under the bed, scooting back onto the bed she turned around and laid on her belly with her head hanging over the edge and peeped under the bed.  At first all she saw was darkness but as her eyes adjusted she saw tiny little creature scuttling in every direction, trying to hide.  Sitting up the girl rolled to the side closest to the window and scrambled off the bed and walked slowly to the window pulling aside huge tapestries that were keeping the room in a pleasant semi dark.  Letting in the sunlight the girl then raced back to the bed to looking under it, not finding anyone hiding, she noticed that the floor felt nice and warm on her knees and shins.  Looking closely and running her fingers over the surface of deeply vibrant floor tapestry she saw and felt rich vibrant deep colours, the deep warmth of the burgundy and the caressing touch of a spring breeze with promises of things to come in deep sapphire blues.  It was made of the softest material she had ever felt and her fingers caressed the fabric luxuriating in the in the experience.  She stood and wandered back to the window and was dazzled by the breathtaking view.  She felt as if she could see forever, with the blue sky having a sparkling sheen to it and soft fluffy white clouds frolicking in small groups whilst underneath, tall trees of all kinds were reaching up to touch the sun.  Many large grassy clearings could also be seen with small creeks and rivers running through them in a casual meandering way.  
Turning to the sound of more giggling the girl again saw tiny creatures but now she notices that she had seen them before, in the dressing room the previous evening.  Kneeling down the child raises her hand slowly waving “Hello there, nice to see you.  Were you tickling my feet earlier?  My name is Dagmar, who are you?” the little creatures began to giggle again and then scurried away too quickly for anyone to try and catch them.  They resembled the faeries with pointy ears and wings but these ones were small enough to fit into her hand.  Looking around the room properly for the first time she notices that it is a very large round room with a huge four post bed in the very center and windows set in such a way there was no break by walls in the view.   The door to the room opened and Lillianna and Niamh stepped into the room.  “Good Morrow sweetling!” they both sang simultaneously “Did you sleep and dream well?” asked Lillianna “Yes thank you I slept very well, umm not so sure if I did dream though” while Niamh opened a wardrobe and took out some garments which she laid on the bed.  “We have food waiting in the court yard but first we must have you washed and dressed, oh look at the lovely outfits Niamh has chosen, which do you think you would like to wear?” asked Lillianna as she held up some lovely blue pants with a white shirt and then picked up a beautiful rainbow coloured dress showing it to Dagmar.  Closing her eyes Dagmar pointed her finger and spun on her heel then stopping suddenly, pointing at the pants and shirt.  Laughing at the way the child did her choosing the two faeries helped the girl dress in her new clothing.  
The material of the pants were the most lovely shade of blue and when they were against her skin it did not even feel like she was wearing them, and the shirt was such a bright white it stung the eyes when the sun touched it and it was as soft as eiderdown and as light as feathers but also warm against the morning chill which still hung in the air. Dagmar noticed that the clothing was all one size but as she put them on they adjusted to fit her perfectly.  Niamh searched around and found slipper which she found in the bottom of a cloth bag that Lillianna had brought in with them, they were of a brown velvet material and as the girl slipped her feet into them and they also adjusted to fit her feet snugly.  In all her life the girl had never felt such soft comfortable garments, not even her grandmother.

Niamh then set to work brushing the child’s hair making such a fuss over her “Oh how I just LOVE your beautiful ringlets AND the color!” Dagmar was becoming a little embarrassed.  Lillianna came to her rescue by opening the big doors which led outside saying “Come you two, they are all waiting for us to break fast!  There is plenty of time for you to play with the sweeting’s hair later on.” And took to her wings and flew to the platform from the previous evenings feast.  Niamh had put her arms around Dagmar “Don’t fret dearest I will keep you safe” and flew after Lillianna to alight on the platform only seconds later, placing the girl gently on her feet then proceeded to steer her to a seat at the table and began to fuss over her, waving to faeries who were loaded with trays of delicious fruits and cereals and deftly choosing several samples to be placed on Dagmar’s plate.  Sitting down next to her smiling she said “Come sweetling I have chosen the most delicious foods for your breaking of the fast.  These here are wild oats and apple blossoms with the sweetest honey milk” pointing to a small bowl, “and this is flesh of the summer meat, very juicy and sweet” indicating a plate filled with the same fruit the child enjoyed so much the evening before at the feast, “and here we have honey dew nectar or you can have dew water instead if you like” waving her hand in the direction of several tulip shaped jugs containing all sorts of delicious liquids.  Dagmar tucked in with wild abandon when yet again her tummy embarrassed her by making frustrated growling noises.  
The wild oats and apple blossoms tasted grainy and very much like sweet and juicy red apples with the bowl being polished off in no time by the girl.  Next came the wonderful fruit she liked so much and made a mess of herself with the juice just dripping down her chin in wild abandon, trying to keep clean, Dagmar wiped her face and front of her shirt and sleeve with a napkin only to notice that as she wiped her face a tingle spread all over her starting from her head to her feet and that as she wiped the sleeve it returned to the original blinding white.  Picking up a goblet shaped like a small bell and took a sip of the nectar and licked her lips to catch every small taste sensation.  Feeling sated and happy Dagmar sat back and looked around at all the other occupants at the table and listening to the mumble of conversation.  Wouter was sitting several seats away from her but she could watch him without moving, long brown hair tied into a tail at the nape, his brows were creased in a slight frown over deep green twinkling eyes as he concentrated on the plate in front of him, feeling her eyes on him he looked up and gave her a big smile and a small wave calling over to her “have you had enough to eat sweetling? Do you want some more food or a little cup of dew?  Just ask and it will be brought to you.” Shaking her head she replied “No thank you, I have had my fill, the fruit and cereal were absolutely divine and the dew was just delicious and I feel very full now.” 
Looking around some more the girl noticed some faces that she had not seen during the previous evening sitting at the table.  She sat and watched as everybody was chatting amiably with their neighbour.  Sitting next to Niamh was a very stately looking lady with the whitest of hair and when the girl looked closely saw that this beautiful lady also had the most amazing indigo coloured eyes.  Noticing that she was being watched the lady looked up and gave Dagmar the most brilliant smile and then returned her attention to Niamh with whom she was chatting.  The child watched the two for a little while looking at the lovely lady she noticed how gracefully she moved her hands as she conversed with Niamh.  Looking towards the left, directly across from her, sat a much younger looking lady with silver hair who had during all this time furtively been watching the girl.  They smiled shyly at each other not sure where to start, with that deciding that the patterns on their plates were much more interesting.  To the right of the girl, as Dagmar decided to describe her, sat a distinguished looking adult male with Golden Blond hair which seemed to have sunshine interwoven into it and the most mesmerizing emerald green eyes, which met the child’s across the table with a wink and a raised goblet in silent toast, smiling the girl lifted her glass in response.  Next to him was the familiar face of Randolph who as in deep conversation with a small matronly woman with flaxen white hair.  Trays came flitting past with faeries industriously attached to them clearing plates and refilling goblets with much commotion happening behind Dagmar as a chanting began.
At first it was a low rumbling sound, similar to a hungry tummy noise, then a few clear voices began to sing, not words but sounds.  The child could hear the wind in the trees and the snow falling on the mountain tops, the busy workings of honey bees collecting nectar and the sound of a baby bird hatching from its egg.  Dagmar looked around and saw that a path had been made and an ancient looking little man with a white beard longer then he was tall was hobbling towards the platform leaning heavily on a gnarled old stick.  He was dressed totally in green from the cap on his head to the boots on his feet.  “Merry Meet gentle fae, I have come to tell a tale for your entertainment and learning.” Sweeping of his cap and bowing slowly bowing to the gathered crowd “Merry Meet and be welcome honoured elder, would you like refreshment to wash the dust out of your mouth?” Lillianna greeted the old man offering him her seat at the table. 
“I thank you my lady you are most kind to offer, I would love a small cup of dew if that is not too much to ask.” Without a word from Lillianna one of the faeries with goblets of dew on her tray flew to him and offered them to him, as she flew away another flitted into her place and offered him a plate of fruit which he accepted with a gentle nod and smile.  Randolph got up and approached the old man, bent down and in respectful tones quietly spoke to him for several minutes with their heads very close together, then Randolph straightened and clapped his hands smiling “Fellow fae, we have the honour of having Saeldur the story teller in our midst.  I have asked him if he would honour us with one of the tales of the realm and he has accepted.  Please prepare a space so we may all be able to listen to his words.”  With the announcement fae cheered and began to flit about making a space for all to sit and hear the story, with chairs brought out and chairs moved from the platform to be placed in the front for its occupants to re-seat themselves.  
Saeldur sat in a chair facing the edge of the platform waiting patiently whilst the crowd sorted itself out and settled and was ready to listen to his tale……………….   






Story teller
“This tale is a sorry one but one that needs telling to teach and to learn lessons we have yet to learn.  So to begin, ahh yes to begin.  But where did it all begin?..........
When the mists of the great forest still covered most of the land and the Gods still walked the sacred sites.  The fae and humans lived and worked side by side, where nymph’s still helped fishermen bring home the evening meal and gifts were left at sacred trees to give thanks for materials freely given to build shelters for men and animals.  It was a time when festivals and celebrations were open and welcoming to all, man and fae alike.  The birth of a child was marked by ceremonies and feasting, especially if the birth was that of a fae child.  The fae do not reach maturity until they reach their three hundred and twenty first birthdays and are called sweetlings, then they become younglings, even then they may not be able to have a child until they find their life partners during their prime.  
Because the fae live for over a thousand years, they mature at a much slower rate and are still young children until they reach one hundred and fifty and even then are still too immature to be fertile which happens during the ‘Calling’ ceremony during their three hundred and twenty first birth year.  This is also when the fae of fertile age find their life partners.”  The story teller stopped and sipped from his tulip goblet and slowly looked around the entire fae gathering, lingering here and there.  Clearing his throat, he placed the goblet carefully on the delicate daisy table and continued.
“Now where was I? Oh yes, yes the fae life cycle.  I did digress but for a reason.  For all you sweeting’s and younglings to know and understand that to be fae, patience and understanding are the foundation stones of our realm.  Humans mature much faster, as if a blink of an eye, they pass into the Summerlands at an age we fae would see as mere infants or sweetlings” chuckling “after all passing from this plane at a mere age of 70 is young, a baby…..don’t you think?” Looking around with bright twinkling eyes the ancient story teller saw many heads nodding in agreement “so with that out of the way, let me begin……. As the mists of the great forest lifted so did the number of humans who had taken to building villages and towns.  They bred like rabbits” turning to Dagmar “No offence meant sweetling!  The fae moved further into the forests to keep a respectable distance between human and fae settlements, not out of rudeness but politeness.  We saw that the humans needed more space than us because their ever increasing numbers.”
“The humans went about their business, ploughing fertile land and building more villages and towns.  Disputes erupted and with that so did fighting and bloodshed and eventually wars broke out with brother fighting and killing brother.  This the fae could not stand to witness because we had many friends among the humans as well as much love.  So with heavy heart the fae removed themselves from the human realm and moved further into the ancient forests and began to create a shield which would separate the two realms forever, in this way the fae hoped to keep their people safe and out of harm’s way.”
“Now don’t get me wrong there times when some of the fae would travel to the human realm to visit old friends and make some new ones, but in general we did not spend much time with each other any longer.  The humans began to forget the Gods and Goddesses, to forget that the trees have ancient souls and wisdom and possibly the home of a tree sprite or tree people, none of which can ever be replaced when the tree is cut down.” Looking at the sea of faces the story teller could see many faces glistening with tears as they remember sad times and lost friends. “We began to shun humans and their cruel ways and by doing this we dammed ourselves.  How you ask did we do that?  Some of us fell in love with humans and had to hide and sneak to either watch them in their daily lives or give up everything and spend those few short years that humans live with them as husband or wife.  This is where things have become a bit sticky because some of us actually had children.  Children of mixed races is not heard of but it was mainly among the fae but some human women gave birth to half fae children and some fae women fell pregnant to human men.  Now having a half fae child in the human world is not too bad BUT to have one in the fae realm could never be due to their short life span…..admittedly much longer than humans but still extremely short for fae kind.  A faery princess fell deeply in love with an elfish prince, but due to family alliances they were doomed to never be able to life-partner.  They ended up running away to the human realm wearing their faery rings they created glamour to hide their true features and adjusted their height to be that of humans.  Living for many years as a farmer and his wife they were content with each other.  After many years of living in peace and solitude the faery announced to her prince that she was expecting their child.  They were very excited and began plans for the cradle and all the lovely clothing for the babe.  The king of the Elves had discovered where they were hiding and sent warrior elves to the human realm to take a message and hopefully bring the prince back, what they found was much unexpected.  Having fae sight they could see through the glamour cast by the faery rings, in the cabin near the edge of a lake where the fae couple lived, they found a very heavily pregnant faery struggling to stand with the huge weight of her massive belly.  The warriors respectfully asked where their prince was and she informed them her husband was hunting and would be back by sunset.  They settled to await his arrival, as night fell and the prince had not returned three of the warriors went out to search for him whilst the other three waited at the cabin.” Stopping to take a sip from his goblet Saeldur looked across to where Lillianna was seated and nodded his head slightly in acknowledgement. 
Clearing his throat and hunting around and finding in his robe a large rainbow coloured cloth which he used as a handkerchief.  “So they waited with a very pregnant faery helping her get the water and doing heavy lifting for her.  She in turn provided them with a simple meal of bread, cheese and fruit, with hardly a word spoken.  The princess wished to retire and the warriors moved outside and set up camp near the cabin.  As the evening turned to night they could hear muffled sounds from the cabin, the eldest elf went to investigate and found the princess in labour.  Calling to his friends for help they all found themselves assisting a princess give birth.  It was a very hard and long labour that lasted all of that night and most of the next day and by the time the babe was ready to be delivered the mother and her assistants were exhausted.  When the moment finally arrived it was not just one babe but two.  Now this on its own is rare but to have this happen in mixed partnering is extremely rare.  The labour took its toll on the princess and she was very weak.  The warriors had during this time grown fond of this fragile yet strong female, swaddled the two infants and placed them in her arms.  First she looked at the babe on her right and having been told this was a girl child and first born she gave the tiny head a gentle kiss and whispered her love to the babe, she then turned and did the same with the boy child on her left.  Handing the babes back to the warriors she begs of them one last favour and that is to leave the girl child with her mother and father who were at that time visiting and staying in a cabin near the edge of the forest and for the boy to be given to her childless cousin to raise.  Having extracted the promise she closed her eyes and left this life to walk amongst her kin in the Summerlands.”
Standing up ever so slowly the ancient faery straightened up with a small grimace on his face, took a few steps and abruptly turned around, looking straight at Dagmar.  Walking towards her he looked even more intently and then just as suddenly he turned and hobbled back to his seat.  Taking the goblet of the table he drains it and holds it up to be refilled, thanking the faery for doing such a wonderful job.  “The warriors were left with two new born babes and promises to fulfill a dying faeries wish.  So with that one took the girl child and walked to where the other two faeries were staying while visiting the human realm.  To return a few hours later empty handed.  By then the other three warriors returned with the sad news that they had found the prince but he was gored by a wild boar and they could do nothing to save him, since they had no healer with them and were too far from the fae realm to get him help, made him as comfortable as they could and remained by his side until he stepped over to the Summerlands to walk with his kin.  Returning to their comrades they were saddened to hear that the faery passed over during the night after birthing a babe. Not mentioning the other babe for fear of what may happen, they did mention the request of a dying mother which they informed their comrades they were planning on keeping.  So, they travelled back to the realm of the fae leaving behind a halfling babe.  They delivered the boy babe to the childless cousin who took him into her heart immediately.” Standing up the old story teller hobbled to the steps which led down to the ground and slowly made his way to the front row, bowing deeply to the assembled audience “and with this I bid you all a Merry Part and Merry Meet again, until the next time my feet bring me to your home, Be safe and Bright Blessings to you and yours!” Bowing deeply again he walked to stand in front of Dagmar and asked her “Did you like the tale my little youngling?” smiling down at her and waiting expectantly “Yes sir it was a most wondrous tale but I am wondering if that was the end or were there parts missing?” Smiling broadly Saeldur nodded and said with a chuckle “A very bright youngling we have here and one who listens closely, yes youngling there are still parts of this tale to be woven, when they have completed their part of the tapestry of this tale I will return and tell it to you.” Waving to all he turned and started to make his way slowly out of the butterfly gates and into the forest vanishing out of sight.















Conversation
Once the story teller had left Titania flew over to where Dagmar was asking "Did you enjoy the tale sweetling?  What did you think?"  All the while walking slowly towards the palace.  "I liked it very well your Highness, and last night I heard the song about it, but the ending was so sad!" said the girl in a small sad voice, "and what happened to the babies?" With gentle hands Titania raised the girls face so she could look into her eyes "What would you like to have happen to them?" "Well....the girl was left with the faery princesses parents in the human, I mean my realm.  Did they bring her back here or did they stay there?  I would have like it if they brought her here so she could get to know her family AND her twin brother.  She has a right to know her brother!"  The Queen of the Fae smiled at the girls words, "Tell me sweetling, what are your grandparent like.  Are you happy with them?", "Oh yes your highness!  I love my Oma and Opa very much and I am very happy living with them.  Oma likes to cook and bake and she always hums or sings when she is in the kitchen or in her herb garden.  She likes to call it 'her little patch of home'.  Opa is tall and strong and he likes to go into the forest and bring back small game or berries and mushrooms.  He is also very clever in the garden where I help him grow potatoes, pumpkins, beans, peas, carrots, strawberries" the girl was counting of on her fingers "oh and we have apple, plum, cherry trees and many more things." looking at the kind face of Titania "AND he makes beautiful things out of small bits of wood, he calls it whittling.  Oma tells wonderful stories about HER Oma when she was a child."
They continued to walk in silence, both wrapped in their own thoughts.  As they reached the palace Titania led the girl through a series of open rooms, the first looked like a sewing room where a few faeries and pixies created some of the beautiful gowns from the previous evenings feast.  The material was placed by a faery on something which had the shape of a person but was invisible until material hung from it, a lot of snipping, pinching and adjusting happened before a couple of pixies  swarmed up and began to stitch the pieces together.  As the pair passed through greetings were called and friendly banter exchanged with the queen.  Another room was covered with maps and charts as well as a massive globe with blue, brown and green parts all over it.  This room was empty but the child sensed that this was a room where big decisions were made.
Queen Titania walked slowly, giving the child a chance to look around and absorb her surroundings.  As they reached another room a mischievous smile was playing around Titanias lips.  Walking through the open doors, the child stopped dead in her tracks.  The room was filled with soft cushions and small tables and chairs scattered around, a massive dolls house occupied one long wall and was slightly taller than Dagmar.  In the doll’s house were the most exquisitely intricate pieces of furniture lovingly carved and painted.  Small dolls with moving arms and legs and the most delicate features and wearing dresses made of an absolute rainbow of colours.  The girl reached in and tentatively touched one of the dolls "Go on sweetling, take them out and have a play.  We can spend some time in here if you like, we are in no rush” said Titania as she made herself comfortable on one of the many chairs scattered around.  "Oh could we?" responded the child with shining eyes.  "Of course sweetling, we can spend a while in here for you to have a look and a play.  Go on investigate and enjoy!"  She did not have to be told twice and began taking out pieces of tiny furniture to admire more closely.  Holding a doll in her hand, moving the arms and legs made her giggle, putting it back and choosing another she spotted one which had on a dress similar to the one she wore the evening before to the feast.  "Look your Highness, this doll has on the same dress I wore last night." holding the doll for Titania to inspect, "Yes sweetling, many gowns, if the creators are re-created for the dolls to have.  Do you like them? Would you like to keep her?” “COULD I???  Could I REALLY keep her?” asked the girl incredulously “She is beautiful but I don’t want to take another girls doll.” Explained Dagmar “Oh no sweetling, you are not taking another girls toy.  You most certainly can keep her.”  Replied Titania smiling.   
Dagmar moved back to the doll’s house, carefully placing the little doll on a pretty chair "I have a spinning top that spins and spins forever.  It is painted all the colours of the rainbow, Opa made it for me.  Oma made me a beautiful doll out of material scraps and it has big brown buttons for eyes.  I have my very own things to help Opa in the garden that he made especially for me and my size."  Walking over to a very colourful box with a very pretty lid, lifting the lid to take a peek inside, gasping with delight, picked up a fluffy teddy bear and pressing him to her small chest "OOOH, how soft" she whispers.  The queen watched this touching moment and asked softly "Would you like to keep him sweetling?  You are most welcome to have him." "Could I?  Could I REALLY? Oh he is just so SOFT" rubbing her face in the bears belly and inhaling deeply "he smells SO GOOD" inhaling again "AND he smells just like Oma!"  Burying her face in the teddy breathing in deeply and a sad look was casting its shadow over beautiful blue eyes.  "What is it sweetling?  What is making you so sad?" Titania swiftly moved to comfort the child, putting her arms around her shoulders she hugged the girl close to her rocking gently  "Hush sweetling and tell me what has saddened your heart?"
Dagmar snuggled closer enjoying the comfort of the physical touch, with a muffled voice buried deeply in the queens’ shoulder “I don't want to be rude or ungrateful to you but I am starting to miss my Oma and Opa."  A small sob escaping her after she finished speaking.  Hugging the child to her more closely Titania and gently swayed and hummed letting the child calm her emotions.  "Oh sweetling, you will be able to return as soon as the veil is thin again, not long, little one.  Come let us go and explore some more!”  Straightening up, Titania offered her hand to the girl, which was quickly taken.  With that they began strolling through more rooms, some with books from floor to ceiling and big tables with huge books open and waiting for their reader to return, whilst others were full of musical instruments some Dagmar recognised and could name, but many which looked very exotic and strange to the child’s eyes.  Titania looked at the child and said with a smile "I know of a place that you should enjoy.  Come I will race you to that building just over there" pointing towards a glass building with a glass domed roof. Lifting her skirt slightly Titania began to jog, looking over her shoulder pleased to see that the girls face had brightened, still clutching the teddy bear and joined in the chase.
Racing towards the glass house faeries leapt out of the way to the left and the right, some letting out surprised squeals as their queen and the small child came barreling towards them at great speed.  Pixies jumped out of the way tumbling all over the place just in the nick of time.  As the racing pair reached the glass double doors, both were out of breath and laughing.   Opening the double doors to the glass house still laughing and gasping for air the pair stopped just inside "This sweetling, is our green house where we have plants and flowers that cannot survive outside because they are too delicate." explained the queen as they looked at all the tables and benches filled to overflowing with pots and baskets with plants growing in them.  Dagmar walked over to the nearest bench and to her amazement she saw, ugly pair of eyes were looking at her from on pot, the thing had green sprouting from the top and the rest was buried in rich dark soil.  Reaching out with her right hand, extending her small index finger the child was about to poke the thing in the eyes when Titania pushed her hand out of the way "Oh no sweetling no poking the mandrake in the eyes, that will only make him very cross and the last thing we want is a cranky mandrake" pushing the pot further back and out of reach of the child "I did not mean to scold you sweetling but when mandrake is cranky they manage to kick free the soil and then they scream ... not just any scream but a horrid scream that gives you nightmares.  Oh look this is a pretty one and not dangerous when pocked." Titania said pointing to a small pot with very pretty small sky blue flowers.  Dagmar was about to sniff to see if they had a nice smell when she heard a tiny voice "OY get your big hooter out of my face!  Cant a flower even have a little snooze without waking up to nosey noses?!"  Pulling back in surprise the child blinked in amazement, the flowers had little faces!  Looking at Titania for reassurance she said apologetically "Please forgive me, I had no idea you were there or I would not have been so rude." "Well at least she got manners to apologies.” said the first voice "Who are you anyway?" said another more gentle voice “Never seen you here before" said yet another.  Dagmar stared in stunned silence and her mouth slightly ajar "Better close your mouth or are you imitating a venus fly trap?" asked the gruff first voiced flower, looking at the queen again the child shut her mouth and carefully worded her response "I am Dagmar of the human realm and I am pleased to meet you."  Bobbing down doing a little curtsey.  Titania moved closer and explained "These are known as babble flowers and are known for their witty conversations, when in a good mood.  You will find that one will hold a short and abrupt conversation and one an intelligent brief chat and then one which will enjoy hours of discussion on many subjects.  They are very clever plants." walking further along the queen points to other puts and baskets and explains their contents stopping at another bench in front of a large pot with a strange plant with a stem which looked more like that if a tree then a plant "This is a tree fern and her name is 'spike', hello spike how are you on this blessed day?"  A fond uncurled and a face appeared and a whispered voice said "You’re Highness, what a pleasure to see you.  I am fine thank you and how are you on this blessed day?  Oh and who is this little foundling."   Looking at Dagmar with huge green eyes and smiling green lips was a dainty face "May I introduce Dagmar of the human realm, Dagmar this is Spike our resident tree fern" bobbing a small curtsey the child smiled and said "Hello.  Nice to meet you Spike” not sure of what else to do the girl stepped back waiting for the queen to finish her conversation.  "We must be on our way my friend.  I will make certain to stop by very soon for a nice long chat" touching the fern gently Titania moved away to another bench to which Dagmar followed in silence "May I ask you something your highness?" the child asked in a meek voice, turning Titania said "Firstly sweeting call my Titania, and second you can ask me anything you want and if I can answer your questions I will" bobbing down to have direct eye contact with the girl patiently waiting "Yes your ... ummm Titania.  What is this place?  Why do the plants talk?" asked Dagmar "Mmm now that are good questions my sweetling.  We are in our green house where we grow faery plants.  Some for making medicines, some for special potions and ceremonies, some because they are the last of their kind and some just because they just happen to be.  We have Fern and Feather to thank for all these wonderful plants being so vocal.  It is due to their gentle commitment to these shy beings that they are now speaking so openly to visitors.   Does that answer your questions?”. “Yes and no Titania.  How can they speak?" "Well that is just some of the magic the Fae have to offer the world my sweetling.  We all poses gifts of some degree or other, some much stronger than others.  Fern and Feather are flower fae and they have the magic to heal and help plants to grow.  There are others who have healing gifts and then others who have the gift of far sight and far hearing, the gifts come in many forms and strengths."  Dagmar stood quietly listening to Titanias answer "I see!  What special magic have you got?" Laughing the queen explains "I have the gift of speech.  It means I am able to speak to animals and plants."  the child was amazed at that "Oh I have always wanted to talk to the bird and squirrels and to the trees in our garden"  looking a little excited "do you think you could teach me?" the girl looked at the queen with expectation "Sweetling, it is not something you learn, it is something you are born with.  You have some fae blood in you and we have to yet work out how strong that blood is, so maybe you have a small gift.  We will go and find the wise one later and see what they can tell us, if that is to your liking?" Dagmar looked surprised at the queen wondering what her gift was "Yes that would be exciting, thank you very much.  Why are people always saying I have fae blood?  I am an ordinary girl from an ordinary family." 
They continued to wander through the aisles of benches stopping occasionally to look at or speak with a plant as they reached the second last row they stopped at an ordinary looking pot with flowers in it that Dagmar recognized "Oh I know these ones, they are forget me not’s and they are Oma's favorites" "Are they now sweetling? Yes they are forget me not’s and they do have a very long memory.  If you need to clear your mind but not forget, you talk to a forget me not and it will keep your memories until you are ready to look at them again.  Since we live for a very long time our memories become very full and need to be emptied every now and again so that the memories do not get all jumbled because there is not enough room for them, so we have these wonderful plants to help keep our memories in order" "Oma talks to her plants and she spends lots of time with her forget me not’s.  I wonder if she is sharing her memories with them." "She could be sweetling, your Oma is very old and maybe needs a little help to keep them tidy.  Shall we keep exploring, with you little one, I see everything through fresh eyes and it is very rewarding."  With this they continued on their way until they reached big double door at the other end of the green house.  "Shall we go and have a snack?  I am feeling a little hungry after all that exercise."  Holding hands the queen and the child walked back to the palace in search of the kitchen and something to eat. 















Picnic  
As they were approaching the far end of the palace whereas Titania was explaining the laundry and kitchen were situated, they could hear a lot of commotion.  Turning the corner a large crowd came into view, a very excited crowd by the amount of noise that was being generated.  As the queen and the girl came closer, a few of the crowd those who were on the edge spotted them and began nudging their neighbours.  By the time Titania and Dagmar were close enough all the girl could see was an absolute riot of colour.  The crowd parted as they drew closer and as they passed through everyone became silent, when reaching the open door the child could hear murmuring and whispering.  Entering the kitchen the girl was overwhelmed by the sheer size of it.
The whole room was in constant motion with faeries flitting about picking up this and placing that.  A large table took pride of place in the center of the kitchen and that is where a very matronly faery hovered directing everything.  Seeing who had entered her domain she flew down to greet the queen and her young guest.  "Greeting and Merry Meet gracious lady, how may I be of help to you and the little one?" glancing at the girl kindly.  "Merry Meet Feeorin, May I introduce Dagmar” the girl curtseyed saying "Merry Meet Feeorin, your kitchen is lovely."  Upon hearing those words the cook burst out laughing which made everything about her jiggled "Oh my, Merry Meet sweetling.  You know how to compliment a cook that's for sure and my name little one is pronounced Fee - ohr - in not Fee - oh - arin my lovely.  So you like my kitchen eh?  Such sweet words out of the mouth of one so young."  Turning to the queen "How can I help you both?"  In unison both replied "We are hungry!" looking at each other Titania and the child burst out laughing "We were only looking for something small to nibble on until the noon time meal" added the queen.

Smiling broadly the cook did not hesitate a moment and began to flit over to the many side boards where tray laden with pastries and biscuits were cooling.  Taking a small basket from an alcove which seemed to be where all sizes of baskets were stored, lined it with large flower petals and went along selecting something here and there constantly moving, muttering and nodding to her, completing the basket with two tulips shaped flasks.  Looking at the queen and then the girl "There my lady, do you think this will tie you over until noon?" Feeorin asked still smiling "or is there something special you were looking for?" "Oh! Do you have any of those sweet things you created for the last full moon festival....you know which ones I mean?" "Ah yes I know what you are talking about lovely lady.  I will go and fetch some for you" turning with such grace it was hard for the child to believe Feeorin was such a large woman.  Returning to her guest, before Dagmar could finish her thought, with a small parcel clutched to her ample chest "Now these I made a few days ago, so they should be just to your liking my queen." placing the bundle into the basket with all the other treasure she handed the basket to Titania "Thank you Fee, I will be looking forward to the noon feast I can see you are preparing.  You spoil us with your glorious creations.  Come sweetling let us get out of Fee's way and stop distracting everyone." turning and waving to the rest of the crew which had stopped all movement and were staring at their visitors calling "Thank you ALL for your effort and love".
Stepping out of the kitchen into the lovely sunshine Dagmar noticed that the crowd had moved away slightly and still murmuring and whispering.  "Titania, why are they whispering and staring?  No one else has done that here before." the girl asked quietly.  Titania looked around at the small crowd frowning slightly "They are all younglings who have travelled from other meadows and have never seen a human before, sweetling.  Don't let them bother you, they are just curious about.  I believe they will be at our noon meal.  Speaking of food," holding the basket up "come let us go and sit near the trees and see what delicious things Feeorin has given us".  Holding hands they set off to a small group of trees.  When they reached the trees Titania produced a tiny package from the basket and began to unfold it, as she was opening it, it was becoming bigger and bigger.  Dagmar stared in open mouthed amazement and her eyes grew as big as plates by the time Titania finished unfolding the rug, she flicked it to have it land neat and square on the grass.  "Come sweetling, sit down and let us see what lovely tasty treasures we can discover in this magical basket Fee has packed for us."
Dropping down next to Titania, the girl peeked into the small basket not expecting what she found.  The basket was enormous on the inside and the queen was reaching in up to her elbow bringing out many small parcels wrapped in colourful flower petals and placed them on the rug between them.  The table was set and the adventure of opening the parcels began.  They both took one and began to unwrap them "This reminds me of the spring festival at home." commented the girl, looking up Titania asked "What do you do to celebrate 'Ostara' with your family?" "Ahh...we spend days making, baking, cleaning and sewing before the spring celebrations.  The whole village is so pretty with flowers everywhere on the houses, in the window sills and the colourful shirts and dresses that the women had sewn over the winter months as they hang out to air.  We don't live very close to the village, about half a day’s walk, so we only sometimes celebrate with all the people there.   We have neighbours who live a lot closer and we celebrate with them."  Unwrapping a small parcel whilst talking, the girl stopped to sniff what she had found.  It was a yellow wobbly something, which smelled of fresh lemons.  Pocking it with her index finger Dagmar noticed it was cold and sticky "Titania, what is this?  It smells so nice and fresh but it wobbles." "Ah sweetling you have found a true treasure there.  Feeorin created this mysterious glob of wobbly stuff a few seasons ago and calls it 'Sun Blessing'."  Putting it on the rug the child reached for another parcel. "We have sweet breads and roasted hog on a spit and lots of other lovely foods.  We plant seeds and do lots of work in the fields all our neighbours share and in our own garden.  The men put together a hugs stack of wood on the top of one stone hill and when it gets dark and all the fires have been put out, Opa goes and calls all the neighbouring men and boys to the hill and they stand around the wood pile in a circle.  The women and girls all have a lit torch and we walk up to the hill in a very stately procession.  Oma is always at the head of the line and she sings a song in a strange language and then throws her torch on the wood pile first, then the rest of the women and girls do the same.  Then we all stand in a circle around the fire and hold hands and dance and sing until it is late"  Titania sat unmoving, listening to the child closely as she spoke "May I ask you a question sweetling?" Dagmar looked up from the parcel she was unwrapping on her lap. "Yes Titania, what is it you want to know?" "You speak so fondly of your grandparents but you do not mention your parents."
Looking down and concentrating on undoing a small knot which was still holding the wrapping closed and the treasure within was kept hidden "My Mama died giving birth to me and my Papa disappeared the night I was born and never came home".  Titania was watching the girl, reached out and touched her hand "I am sorry sweetling, I did not mean to upset you!" sighing Dagmar responded "You did not upset me, Titania.  I feel sorrow for not knowing Mama and Papa, but I have a happy life with Oma and Opa who love me NEARLY as much as I love them." At that last comment the queen laughed "I bet you don't say that to your grandparents though."  Looking puzzled at Titania, the girl shrugged her shoulders "Oh my sweetling, I meant the part about them loving you NEARLY as much as you love them.  It is such a lovely thing to hear but I suspect your Oma and Opa would heartily disagree with you about the amount of love they have for you".  Looking a little confused and troubled, the child focused on the contents of the bundle she had  just managed to unwrap and then brightened "Opa and I have a game, where I tell him that I love him and he says he loves me more, we keep going with me telling  him 'No I love you more'.  Then after a while he usually laughs and holds up his hand with his fingers this far apart" holding her small hand up with thumb and index finger apart a little "and I, liebling, love you AND a little bit more" dropping her hand she became absorbed again with the contents of the bundle, sniffing and moving it around gently with her fingers.  "Titania, what IS THIS? It smells like flowers and is a bit sticky." "Well why not break off a little and have a taste.  We call it Ostara Bread and we are very lucky Feeorin gave those to us.  She is very particular about having these only on special occasions.  She must like you very much!"
They sat in silence nibbling on their picnic, enjoying the quiet, wrapped in their own thoughts.  Titania reached into the amazing bottomless basket and pulled out some more little parcels and then reached for one of the flasks and poured the liquid into the two goblets, smiling Titania handed one to the girl "There sweetling, try this and tell me what you think."  Taking the goblet from Titania, the child looked into it, then smelled it, then dipped her index finger in and popped it into her mouth.  Titania was watching fondly as Dagmar’s face moved from a frown, to perplexed, to delight.  Taking a sip from the goblet, the girl moved the liquid around her mouth exploring the flavours "Well sweetling, what do you think?" "Oh it is SO nice.  It reminds me of something.....but I can't work out what it is." thoughtfully the child took another sip and again let it roll around her mouth and over her tongue, suddenly her eye brows shot up "I know what it sort of reminds me of!  Oma makes a cordial from some of her special plants and other things.  She always said it was a secret family formula she learnt long ago, when she was a girl.  She has promised that when I am older she will teach me the formula and lots of other special women things."
Titania listened intently to the girl and nodded “Yes my little sweetling, there are many things which you learn, after your first moon flow and have become a woman.  I think you still have a few years to wait though little one, if my calculations for human age is correct.” “I know! Oma always tells me that I should enjoy being young because being a woman is a big responsibility” “Your Oma is a wise woman.  What else has she taught you, little one?” Titania asked the child as she reached for the parcel with the Sun Blessing and then put her hand into the basket.  After a bit of rummaging around she withdrew her hand holding two small bowl and two small spoons.  Dividing the contents of the parcel into the two bowls she then handed one bowl and spoon to the girl “Here sweetling, have some Sun Blessing and tell me how you like it” The girl took it out of Titanias hand saying “Thank you Titania” and then began concentrating on slicing a little of the yellow glob with the edge of her spoon.  Having a satisfactorily sliced small piece off with her spoon, licking her lips she raised the spoon to her mouth and popped it in.  Her eyes widened and a look of sheer delight came to her little face.  Letting the flavours of the fresh lemon and honey invade her every taste bud, the girl could smell the honey as if she were holding a honey comb to her nose and the lemon taste put her into her Opas garden and the lemon tree in the corner when all the lemons are ready to pick on a hot summer day.  “Oh Titania, this is heavenly.  I can taste AND smell the honey and lemon.” Titania smiled at that and began eating her own enjoying the taste sensation.  They slowly worked their way through the parcels of food, many times licking their fingers to find that last little bit of flavour.
Having emptied the contents of all the small parcels Titania and Dagmar sigh with contentment, settling back against the ancient tree listening to the birds singing and the bees humming.  ”If you want my darling sweetling you can go and explore.  There is nothing here that will harm you.” Titania suggested to Dagmar, as she began packing the remnants of their repast into the basket “I will sit here and enjoy the tranquillity of the day and commune with my old friend here” Titania reached out and stroked the ancient trees bark which they recently used to lean against with affection “What did you mean by ‘commune’ with a tree?” asked the child, a little confused.  Smiling as she placed the last items into the basket, Titania explained “Well sweetling, the Fae have many shapes and have a lot of different places they prefer to call home.  There are those who prefer to live in the forest in the company of trees and they are called Naiads and they are a kind of nymph.  They have brown skin, green hair and yellow eyes like a cat, they protect the tree they live in and heal it if they can, but there are certain things, such as the steel axe of a human, they cannot heal, if the tree dies so do they.  Then there are the Nereids and the Oceanids which are water nymphs.  The Nereids live in streams, lakes, rivers and ponds, they have pale skin with hair to their waist, and the Oceanids live in oceans and have white hair and blue skin.  There are also many faeries that prefer to live with certain flowers or plants and they call themselves whatever plant they are living with, for example do you remember Fern from the green house?  She lived amongst the ferns in a part of the woods and chose that name and then there is Daffodil and Rosemary.  I bet you can guess what plants they prefer!” Dagmar had listened intently to Titanias explanation and description, tilting her head to the side, she asked “Why have I never seen any at home.  We have a wonderful herb garden and lots of lovely flowers and we live close to the Whispering Lake.” “Well sweetling I have a feeling that those plants are so well loved and cared for that they do not need help from a flower faery.” answered Titania smiling.  
Titania settled herself comfortably against the ancient oak, looking up at Dagmar and smiling “If you wish to join me here you are more than welcome little sweetling, I enjoy your company.  If you wish to go and explore, go right ahead and have fun.”  Closing her eyes Titania rested her head against the tree and began to hum in a steady monotone then changing it ever so slightly for a while and then changing it again.  Dagmar stood watching for a short time and then began looking around wondering where she ought to go and explore.  Slowly walking further into the shade of the trees the girl listened to the birds singing and admiring the pretty little flowers which were emerging from their winter sleep.








The Forest
A slight breeze made the heads of the flowers bob as if they were nodding in acknowledgement of the child’s passing feet and the leaves rustled like sand paper rubber together.  Sunlight was diffused by the trees which were reaching to the sky and gave the ground a mottled look where the grass was sprinkled with sunshine.  The girl wandered along admiring the pretty flowers and their wonderful colours and smells which such a welcoming spring fragrance.  Stopping and squatting down to examine more closely a shrub with stunning flowers that were shaped like small dark pink frilly dresses with tiny yellow slippers that hung gracefully from green leaved branches the girl smelled a wonderfully gently perfume which she could not place, shrugging her shoulders she wandered further along.  Looking left and right Dagmar saw flowers with large emerald green leaves and milky yellow flowers which had an overpowering smell it caused the girl to sneeze. Small crimson blossoms dotted bushes with lime green leaves and petite birds flitting about in continual movement with fleeting glimpses of a kaleidoscope of colours.  Bushes with large emerald green foliage which created recesses carpeted with deep green moss dotted with tiny mauve flowers with a butter yellow center.  
Looking around the girl saw ash trees with their silvery bark and small grey leaves and evergreens and their jade green needles, Oak trees with rough dappled brown bark towering over the rest.  Fallen tree trunks covered in various types of moss with teeny tiny flowers with a diversity of colour giving it a look of a blanket covering a resting person.  Underfoot small twigs and dry leaves snapped and crackled as the child wandered releasing the smell of decaying plant matter, which was giving the whole area a very rich earthy scent that the girl absolutely loved.  Inhaling deeply with eyes closed Dagmar stood, face raised to the sky, arms outstretched as if in prayer.  Feeling totally at ease and blissfully happy the girl began to skip through a small section of the woodland humming snatches of tunes.  As she came to a small clearing, she could hear the sound of water and decided to follow the noise.  It took her no time to locate the source of that sound, it was a small creek which was meandering gracefully through a clearing with new lush green grass on both sides of the banks.  Many beautiful spring flowers were sprinkled around making dots of colour through the green of the grass.  The girl dropped down to have a closer look at all the pretty flower buds, on hands and knees she crawled around sniffing scarlet, lilac, azure and snowy white blossoms, some had no scent yet others had a subtle hint as yet others had a very strong fragrance.  Unable to resist the girl picked some of the flowers, to give to Titania later when she returned to the ancient tree, using long strong blades of grass to wrap the bouquet and hold it together.  Following the creek Dagmar skipped over rocks and logs stopping to watch frogs jumping and dragonflies skimming the surface of the gently flowing water.  The flash of movement in the water indicating that something lived there made the girl stop, carefully placing the bouquet on a rock, she gingerly stepped closer to the water’s edge screwing up her eyes to squint against the suns glare into the water looking for the flash of scales.
She took careful steps edging closer and saw another flash of movement further down the creek and she walked along the water’s edge, head bent low, eyes focused, feet carefully searching secure footing with every step, looking for the cause of those flashes of movement.  A sudden splash caused the girl to jump with fright and lose her balance falling into the water landing on her bottom.  Getting up completely soaked, she stiffly walked to the bank and climbed up sitting down on the grass.  Wrestling off her wet pants she had to wriggle and squirm first standing up and then falling over whilst hopping around trying to get her leg out of the pant leg.  Finally succeeding in what felt an impossible task to the now exhausted and hot child, she wrung out and laid them on the grass in the sun to dry a little in the sun.    
Being tired after such an effort, the girl rested on a patch of sun soaked grass and relaxed listening to the water babbling as it rushed over the small rocks and rubbed against the bank, birds chirruping and twittering in the trees as they were gathering twigs and bits to make their nests, bees buzzing busily, a frog calling for its mate and a humming.  She could not give the humming a direction or a tone, it was like a vibrating hum, it was not uncomfortable and did not frighten her as she listened. After having listened intently for a while, Dagmar became sleepy stretched out to be more comfortable and soaked up the warmth of the sun, dozing lightly the individual sounds which surrounded the girl were amplified.  The bird chirruping and twittering became snatches of songs, the buzzing of the bees come to be bits of a chant, the frogs calling turned into bits of a serenade, the babbling water became incessant whispered chatter of many voices and the humming was a song sung by one voice with many tones and on many levels.  It touched the child on several levels, to her mind it was a lullaby, to her heart it was a gentle caress by a loving hand that eased any pain felt and to the soul it was nourishment as was water to a parched garden.  The girl stayed like that for a long time, well, until a few drops of cold water hit her in the face giving her such a fright she jumped up looking around and with feet firmly planted, ready to run.  Finding nothing that could have splashed her, Dagmar shrugged and went to see how dry her pants were, only to find that they were not where she left them.  Confused the child began looking around wondering if she might have made a mistake but not seeing her pants, confirmed that she was at the right spot.  Wondering where her pants had vanished to, the girl scanned the creek.  A splash caused her to run to the water’s edge looking left and right and yet another splash triggered a mad chase to that location, another splash to a different spot.  She was constantly fumbling with her footing and had many near misses of another soaking, Dagmar heard laughter.  Looking slowly from right to left and every place in between, she saw gleaming white teeth smiling from under a creek bank over hang. A small splash and another burst of laughter, made whatever decision the child was wresting with obsolete, she launched herself in the direction of the splash.
Grappling with her unseen nemesis, Dagmar managed to twist her fingers into what she believed was hair.  The girl threw herself backwards and pulling her opponent out from their hiding place.  With a splash, a scream and much colourful language the girl came face to face at first with an angry set of eyes.  Those eyes scanned her face and then changed to a whole face, mouth smiling with pointed teeth, sparkling eyes and a mass of dark hair.  “What are you?  What are you doing in MY meadow?”  The creature screeched “I am Dagmar from the human realm.  Who are you?” shot Dagmar back whilst wriggling out from under the creature.    Puffing and panting the two untangled themselves and scuttled a short distance apart and stared at each other, sky blue eyes inspecting sea green eyes “I am Moonbeam, protector of this creek and this here meadow” was the breathless reply.  Standing well out of reach the two girls looked at each other.  
The girl looked at Moonbeam’s wild silver blue hair which stopped just short of her waist.  Searching eyes travelling to large sea green eyes which had cat like oval pupils  and were set in very exotic, to the child’s way of thinking,  with the inner corners of the eye swing downwards and the outer corners of her eyes sweeping gracefully up, giving her a very cat like appearance topped with delicate eyebrows.  The face was oval with a small nose and a little pointy, stubborn looking chin and blue green lips.  Dagmar was stunned at the colour of the other girls pale white skin with a shimmer of green, noting that she had two arms and two legs with no difference to her own.  The girl DID note markings on the others face and arms.  Moonbeam was also doing an inventory of the girl in front of her.  A little shorter then Dagmar, Moonbeam saw silver white long hair falling about the girls shoulders in a cascade of ringlets with sky blue eyes.  The face looking back at her was oval with a small pointy chin, a dainty nose and straight eye brows and ears which looked similar to a small shell.  Reaching out to touch Dagmar’s hair, Moonbeam broke the spell, causing Dagmar to skip back a step, causing Moonbeam to also jump back and trip over a small clump lading firmly on her back side.   
Bursting out laughing, Dagmar dropped to the ground where had been standing which made Moonbeam laugh as well.  The girls giggled a while and then Moonbeam jumped up and skipped over to where Dagmar was sitting, extending her right hand to Dagmar offering the help her get up.  “How come you are here Dagmar of the Human realm?” “I think I traveled on a moon beam” clamping her small long fingered hands over her mouth “Oh, Sorry! Not meaning to offend.  So I travelled by the light of the moon and then I was in a meadow with a parade of butterflies which turned out to be faeries.  I met princess Niamh and Albreicht, they got me through the veil or curtain or whatever it is, and I get that confused in my head.  That is pretty much it until Titania and I went for a picnic and she wanted to rest and chat to her friend the old tree.”  Moonbeam was gawking at the girl as she spoke “You WHAT? You met Princess Niamh and you had a picnic with Queen Titania? By the Gods how did you manage to do that?  Travel on a moonbeam? This sounds like a bit of a falsehood.” Grabbing Dagmar by the arm Moonbeam began dragging the girl along the water’s edge “we are going to find Eclipse and she can decide what to do now” Moonbeam did not loosen her grip on the girls arm walking briskly towards a rocky outcrop some distance away.
As they drew nearer Dagmar could see that it was actually a rocky ledge which lead to the base of a waterfall and as they got a little closer the girl could hear the splash of the water as it fell and hit rock and the water in the pools.  The spray from the water was drifting in the air like mist coating everything with dew drops that sparkled when the sun hit them.  Dagmar walked willingly after Moonbeam staring around herself absorbing the sheer beauty of her surroundings. 
   
   










The Waterfall
Looking around, Dagmar saw several large pools of water which were so clear she could see the individual scales of the small fish that inhabited them.  Stopping to look into another pool, she spotted fish with such iridescent blues, greens, reds and gold scales which, when they caught a ray of sun, flashed so brightly they made her eyes water.  Carefully walking to another pool, the girl noted that a carpet of soft, sweet smelling moss ranging from the brightest yellows to olive green and all the way through to emerald green, which was covering the majority of rocks and boulders, leading towards the higher levels and to the larger waterfalls.  Moonbeam was standing not far from the child, watching and considering her reactions with every new discovery.  
Wading through a few of the more shallow ponds, Moonbeam led the way to the furthest and largest waterfall.  Noticing that the little human was not right behind her, Moonbeam impatiently frowned and turned looking around.  Seeing her squatting down peering into the water of one of the deeper pools, Moonbeam made an angry noise in her throat, a blend of growl and groan.  She turned around angrily and marched back to where Dagmar was “What ARE you doing? You were meant to follow me, not stop and look at the pretty fishes!” said Moonbeam who stopped and stood over the girl with her fists on her hips looking very fearsome.  “I am so sorry Moonbeam I didn’t mean to make you angry.  I spotted flashes of colour and just had to have a look.” Exclaimed Dagmar in a hesitant voice, slowly standing up and moving in the direction they were travelling before the distraction.
Rushing to overtake the little human and be in the lead, Moonbeam skipped from rock to boulder in a sure footed way bounding ahead in a flash.  Having reached the front Moonbeam settled into the role of leader as they scampered of rock and boulders occasionally wading in ankle deep water.  They arrived at the largest pool which was fed by four streams that became individual waterfalls “Stay here Dagmar of the human realm” “Oh please stop calling me that!” groaned girl “Call you what?” Moonbeam asked innocently “Dagmar of the human realm, just Dagmar will do!” responded the child with a smile, hoping to soften any insult perceived by the other “Alright Dagmar, wait here and DO NOT go anywhere!  I will be back soon.” waiting only long enough to see the girl nod her head, before diving into the water and vanishing from sight in a flash.      
Dagmar stood peering into the water wondering how that girl could disappear from sight so fast when the water was so clear.  Giving up, she began looking around in search of a place to sit.  Carefully stepping rock to rock she made her way to a small grass covered clearing surrounded by trees to her left, considering it was closer than the rocky plateau to her right that led to one of the waterfalls from land.  Carefully stepping from the rocks into ankle deep water, savouring the coolness, the girl waded slowly towards the clearing.  Scampering up the sandy bank the girl surveyed the clearing, circling the clearing were trees with many taller than any Dagmar had ever seen in her life.  Crawling onto the grass, this had a wonderful smell of freshly cut lawn, the child stood and began to walk towards the tree line which started at the shore line on her right.  As the girl slowly walked she noticed clumps of colour near the bases of the taller trees.  Drawing closer she saw the vibrant colours of some of the flowers on bushes and flowers as well as a few of the fruit trees which were in bloom, inhaling deeply she savoured the wonderful spring smell that hung in the air.  
Walking between two huge trees with such massive bases the girl walked around it in disbelief thinking that a house the size of her home could easily fit into the tree trunk.  As her eyes adjusted to the semi gloom she noticed that the noise of the waterfalls was subdued and the atmosphere had changed from the bright bubbly day to peaceful and serene. Reminding the girl of early mornings, just before the birds woke up to greet the sun, that in-between time when the owls find a good bed and the bat returns to its cave, night is leaving and the sun is getting ready to start the day, that small gap of time when everything just stops, silence, a peacefulness for every living being, animal and plant.  It was that feeling she was feeling now and it was comforting, with everything that had so far happened, a little time alone was what she needed.  Walking slowly she could hear the leaves gently rustling as if a breeze had disturbed them, when there was no breeze travelling along the tree line which Dagmar noticed were in evenly spaced rows.  
Shrugging to herself she wandered towards a cluster of flowers that turned out to be several bushes with such a huge variety of colour with not one daisy like flower was the same colour and some even had different coloured petals on the one flower.  It was a riot of colour, walking around the base of the tree she reached out and touched the trees bark gently and the leaves rustled a little.  A small furry head popped out from behind a low branch looked at the girl, let of a surprised squeak and raced up into the crown of the tree squeaking all the while.  As Dagmar continued around the ancient tree, she noticed a small bush like plant with large bell shaped flowers of the most delicate butter yellow, and the leaves of the bush being a deep emerald green she had to drop to her knees and see if it smells as beautiful as it looked.  “OI! Put me down!” said a gruff voice, Dagmar dropped the flower and jumped back, looking everywhere for the owner of the voice and at the same time trying to clear her nose of the most horrid smell ever.  The stench was unbelievable and the girl ran away as fast as she could, looking around for the voice all the time.  Having run several trees away from the plant she stopped and sniffed the air gingerly, satisfied that the smell had not followed her, the child decided to walk around the base of this tree which seemed larger than the last one looking up onto the tree searching for small animals like the last one so she could have a better look at it, remembering that the other little creature had a furry head but not face and it had a bushy tail.  

With her head tilted up and her hands slowly travelling along the trunk for support and feet carefully feeling their way along, when luckily she looked down just in time to avoid some very brightly coloured flowers.  Stepping back a little, the girl inspected the four flowers waiting for a horrid smell being a little wary after the last flower, finding no disgusting odour emanating from the flower she bobbed down to have a closer look.  The first had sunshine yellow petals like an orchid with a bright red petal which was curled and looked like a bottom lip and a small bright orange rolled over petal which looked a little like a birds beak perched in the centre above the red ‘lip’ and on either side of that were two stalks topped with two fuzzy little balls.  As she inspected its neighbour which had sapphire blue petals with a snow white lip and a small bright pink beak and fuzzy little balls on stalks above and around it, another one had scarlet petals and a lemon yellow lip and lime green beak.  The last one of this brilliantly coloured quartet had dazzling indigo petals with a bright red lip and a small bleach white beak.  
Admiring the lovely contrastingly coloured flowers Dagmar had to blink hard and look again as two sets of fuzzy little balls transformed into two sets of eyes.  A voice came from the direction of the bright yellow flower “Well, well, well, what have we here? Eh Sunny?” “Ooh a new something to ponder over, eh Sap” said another voice, startled the girl stepped away “No need to go away new thing.  We won’t eat you” called the yellow flower, Dagmar saw the orange beak and the bright lip move, making her giggle as she remembered moving the chins of snap dragons and gave them voices in her garden.  “Hey you, come back closer so we can see you better” called the scarlet flower “Bit rude if you ask me!” grumbled the Indigo one “Come back and talk to us!  They call me Sunny and that grumbly one is Indi, then we have Scar, who won’t admit it but her eyes are getting worse, and last but never least there is Sap our watcher while we ponder this cycle.  Who are you?” trying to absorb what was happening the girl stood stupefied, staring in disbelief at talking plants.  “Hey you!!! Did you hear my friend?  You seem very rude, disturbing us and then walking away and THEN above all else staring at us.” “Oh I am so sorry.  I didn’t mean to disturb you nor be rude.  You just surprised me, it looked so deserted that I was not expecting to see anybody here.  My name is Dagmar” bobbing a small polite curtsey to the four flowers.  Bobbing their heads in return the flowers began speaking at once and all the girl could hear was a babble of noise, holding up her hands for silence she waited patiently as they slowly stopped talking.  “I can only understand and answer questions if I can hear you.  If you were to speak one at a time I will try and answer you what I can.” Said Dagmar as she sat on a moss covered log that was nearby, with her small hands resting in her lap she waited.  “Where are you from? You don’t look like any of the usual creatures we see here.” asked Sunny “I am from the human realm, it was Sunny wasn’t it?” with a bobbing head “yes it was me, Dagmar” said the yellow flower “Why are you here if this is not your true place, and it’s Sap” “I am not sure how it all happened Sap, I went to sleep in my bed and then I dreamt……well I am not really sure now if I did dream or what.  I found myself in a beautiful meadow and then I met princess Niamh and then we all came through the curtain and then we had a feast and a story teller came and after that Titania and I went for a picnic.  She is having a little rest with her friend the big oak tree”   this explanation started a babble of voices and occasionally she could hear the names Niamh and Titania, but the rest was a hubbub of noise.  “Are you trying to tell us you have been spending time with the Queen herself?” asked an indignant Indi “Well that IS interesting.  We don’t get out much and have not heard how the royal family is keeping.  The last time must have been …oh thirty seasons ago, eh ladies?” “Yes Indi dear, at least thirty seasons.  The princess Tittianna had gone to visit her daughter some place or other.” stated Scar in a dignified voice.  “Oh what has happened since then Dagmar?  Please what interesting news is there?” “Um, I am not sure what you mean.  I have no idea what has happened in all that time, I am only eight years old.” said the girl shyly as she began to back away ever so slowly as a new wave of babbling voices began.  Turning she walked away not looking back.
Walking quickly towards another tree she saw more beautifully coloured flowers when one caught her attention, with very large dark green flat hear shaped waxy leaves growing like a skirt around a tall violet fluffy stalk sprouting from the middle.  As she walked around the plant, inspecting from every angle and sniffing it for good measure satisfied that it was not going to talk to her or stink, she tentatively reached out and touched one of the large leaves feeling the shiny waxy surface.  Half expecting some sort of reaction and very pleased when nothing happened she began inspecting the violet stalk with fluff all over it.  Stepping closer she could see that the fluff was many tiny hairs all topped with a glob of gold liquid, while the girl stood admiring the vibrant colour a several bees stopped and picked up some of the globs and flew away.  As she walked from tree to tree she saw more exotic plants and also some that Dagmar could put a name to, such as the wild roses that were growing in abandon over fallen trees and large boulders, in an amazing display of colour.  Spotting a patch of flowers low to the ground sprinkled among the grass, she skipped into the middle of the patch and knelt down.  The perfume was sweet but not sickeningly so, like a summer breeze which comes in from over the ripe fields, through the orchard and our garden and into the kitchen window.  
After a while she got up and began to explore a little more.  Walking to the centre of the clearing she saw beautiful flowers which were of such a brilliant display of colour.  Dagmar knelt down and looked around.  The flowers were growing in a circle around her, crawling toward a particularly beautiful violet coloured flower she spotted.  Dagmar noticed that as she was getting closer every single petal was as delicate as spider webs.  The petals were translucent with the actual colour emanating from the very centre of each blossom.  Mesmerised by the colour and the structure of these blooms Dagmar did not hear the arrival of Moonbeam and her companions.  “I told you not to go anywhere!”  an angry voice interrupted the girls musing, she spun around on her knees in a flash facing the voice “Oh it’s you Moonbeam!  I only found a place that was dry.” Dagmar replied in defence, spotting Moonbeams friends for the first time and standing up quickly.  Moonbeam turned to a girl on her left saying “See what I had to put up with, always staring into thin air this one.  This is the one I was telling you about Eclipse.  Get her to tell you her story!  She has a long thin one to tell you.” She chuckled turning to Dagmar “This is Eclipse, leader of the four falls patrol she wants to talk to you.” Leading the rest of her friends to the edge of the clearing, leaving Dagmar and Eclipse facing each other “Moonbeam has come to the fire with a VERY long thin one about you being from the human realm, you having feasts and picnics with royalty.  Now tell me the truth.” the dark haired girl with her feet slightly apart and her arms crossed over her chest, green eyes searching the childs face.  Dagmar stood her ground “I AM from the human realm, I DID have a feast with the princess and I DID have a picnic with the Queen!” she said in a very even voice looking directly into the other girls eyes refusing to blink or look away.  Eclipse frowned “Tell me then what’s the Queen is like?  Is she as kind and gentle as they say?  We have not had the opportunity to meet her because we have been away and only come back a few winter cycles.” Looking expectantly at the girl she indicated that they would sit for the conversation.  Dagmar knelt down again and began “I don’t exactly know how I came to be here but I AM from the human realm and I don’t really know how I came to be here.  It was explained to me by Princess Niamh but I was very tired and confused and did not understand it too well.  Walking on moon beams or something.  I met the Princess at the meadow near the curtain or veil and then they took me to the palace and we had a beautiful feast with strange but delicious foods.  In the morning a story teller arrived just as we were finishing breaking our fast and then Titania and I went and explored the palace and then went and had a picnic.  That IS the truth and if by telling a long thin one you are saying that I am telling a lie, well I do not tell lies, I was raised better than that thank you very much!” now Dagmar had her arms folded in front of her chest.  The other girl burst out laughing “Oh don’t be such a baby, yes telling a long thin one is telling an untruth.  What does the Princess Niamh look like?  Is she pretty?” “Um, well Niamh has very dark nearly black long wavy hair and beautiful indigo blue eyes and yes she is very pretty.  Titania has auburn ringlets, sort of like mine, and the sparkliest green eyes” looking around Eclipse pointed to the sky and called to her companions “Come, a storm is on its way.” Turning to Dagmar saying “follow me and you will be safe” Eclipse turned and headed towards the water and began leaping from rock to rock and then suddenly stopped “Well child what are you waiting for?  Storms here are not kind.”  Dagmar began to follow as quickly as she could, not being anywhere near as sure footed as Eclipse and Moonbeam.  Following carefully as they began heading towards the rocky plateau Dagmar had seen earlier.   











Four Falls
As they clambered up the small cliff to get to the plateau clouds began to obscure the sun shine and the first large lazy drops of rain started to fall.  Eclipse ducked through the waterfall and disappeared as did several of her companions, feeling a small impatient nudge in her back Dagmar drew herself up to her full height and quickly stepped through, not knowing what to expect.  
Having stepped through to the other side of the water curtain, the girl saw a huge cavern which went back very far, too far for her to see.  There were many curious faces peering around the massive columns which helped support the roof.  “Welcome to Four Falls Cave, Dagmar, come I will take you to Our Mother.  Just follow me and don’t mind this nosy lot, they have all forgotten their manners.” Looking around with an evil look on her face Eclipse led the way to the back of the cavern.  Dagmar’s eye were slowly adjusting and by the time they moved half way into the cavern she  could see five tunnels and following Eclipse began veering towards the tunnel second last from the left.  There was no natural lighting in the tunnel but it had a soft glow of light from crystals in the walls, making it easy for the child to follow the others.  Moonbeam was marching next to her silently.  After many twists and turns they passed through a large chamber lit entirely by large crystals, the chamber itself resembled a meal hall with tables and chairs set in rows, three tunnel mouths at the other end of the chamber with Eclipse marching towards the middle tunnel.  Speeding up to nearly a trot Dagmar and Moonbeam followed as closely as they could nearly crashing into Eclipse and her companions as they turned a sharp bend and found themselves in another large cavern. 
 This one was circular as they were all but this chamber was lit by day light.  Looking up Dagmar saw that part of the roof was missing and replaced by clear crystals and faceted in such a way that it let through day light and also captured it, glowing when the sun is not shining.  Adjusting her eyes the child looked around and saw at the centre of the chamber a large table and chairs and a lovely woman looking up expectantly.  
Beckoning for them to approach the lady smiled and stood up walking around the table to meet the group “Welcome home patrol, what have you found?” “My lady “said Eclipse bowing from the waist “We found, with thanks to the keen eyes of Moonbeam, this little tadpole” reaching back and pulling Dagmar by the arm to stand in front of her.  “Why, you are just a young one for sure.  Why are you separated from your clan?  What is your name little one?” “My name is Dagmar and I am not separated from my clan.  I went for a short walk after having a picnic with Titania and Moonbeam dragged me here.” said the child in a rush becoming a little sick of having to explain herself all the time.  The lady smiled and indicated for the child to sit at the table, bustling about preparing some refreshments for the group “Come children, let us have refreshments and rid ourselves of quarrelsome tummy grumbles. Dagmar, sit here little one.”  Taking the seat offered the child watched as this beautiful lady brought plates to the table and baskets of fresh bread and boards with cheese and large jugs of water and milk.  The child sat where the lady indicated watching her move about, what Dagmar worked out was her kitchen.  “Now then, little one, oh I have been rude and have not introduced myself yet.  I am known as Four Falls Mother but you can call me Sunna.” Passing several bowls to willing hands as she was speaking, moving about gracefully from cupboard to cupboard.  Sunna’s hair was very long, even with her silver hair caught up in a plat the end reached well past her knees and her clothing, a long skirt and a blouse, were also made of silver shimmering cloth that as she moved about caught different hues of colour making her a constantly moving fusion of subtle colours.   
As Sunna brought another large plate to the table and sat down, next to the child, all conversation immediately stopped.  “From forest to stream; From mountian and field; From the fertile Eath's nourishing yield; We now partake of divine energy; May it lend health, strength and love to us.  Blessed Be!” Sunna reached for a tulip shaped pitcher and offered the contents to Dagmar “Here little one, some fresh milk will do you the world of good.  Now explain to me about some of the long thin stories I have heard.  Eclipse and Moonbeam tell me you are from the human realm.  Well I can see you have rounded ears and that is the most obvious difference between us and then the fact we live for thousands of years and humans are only babes when they travel to the Summerlands with the look of an ancient.  How old are you in human age child?” “I will be twelve years old this spring.” Answered Dagmar, accepting a slice of bread and a honey pot from the girl sitting opposite her at the large table, smiling in thanks.  “How did you come to be where my patrol found you?” “It was not the patrol who found me Sunna, it was Moonbeam and she did not exactly find me” Dagmar glanced down the table to where Moonbeam was busily shovelling food into her mouth “she was following me and when I tried to catch her, thinking she was a fish I reached into the water and ended up with a fist full of her hair and the jumped out of the water and attacked me.  I did nothing wrong and she jumped out of the water and tackled me onto the ground.  Then she grabbed my hand and dragged me here.  I only walked a short way from where I left Titania having a little rest after our picnic and to have a chat with her old friend the ancient tree.” Gazing into Dagmar’s eyes Sunna listened intently without even a flicker at the accusation made against one of her patrol.  “Moonbeam is very young and should not have been so far away from the main falls.  From what you are telling me I think she was practicing stalking and ambushing techniques, which she knows is only to be done in the training zone, so that this sort of a thing does not happen.” said Sunna frowning “I will have to have a serious talk to that little one.  She is very young but that is not an excuse for disobeying rules!  Actually if I my calculations are right you two are of similar ages.  Moonbeam is two hundred and ninety six years old which is maturity age of an eight or nine year old human child.  Do you disobey your elders Dagmar?” looking a little surprised the child responded hesitatingly “No I do not disobey Oma or Opa or any other adult because I would be severely punished.  Sunna, I am very confused about something.” Turning her full attention to the girl Sunna smiled “what would you like to know sweetling?” “How did you work out that Moonbeam is the same age as me when she is SO OLD and I am only eight?” laughing Sunna began to explain “Well sweetling it all has to do with how long we live.  Our children may age every birth season but they do not mature as quickly as human children do.  A little one who is one hundred and fifty might have the maturity of a human child of age four.  They are capable of many things as are humans but they are children for a lot longer because we do not reach maturity until we are past our three hundred and twenty first birth season and then hoping to finding a life mate and possibly have little ones.  Does that explain things sweetling?” nodding the child sat and thought about everything she had learnt jumping when the whole place shook after a loud thunder crack.  
Eclipse and her companions stood and were about to rush out to see what was happening as Sunna called out to them “Where do you think you are all going?  You have eating utensils to clean and put away before you run out and investigate.  Back here now please sweetlings and younglings” the power and authority in Sunna’s voice made Dagmar shiver, then feeling a comforting arm sliding around her shoulders she looked over and found Sunna looking at her, smiling “I am sorry I did not mean to frighten you.  I have to be stern with this lot at times or they would think they could get away with everything.” raising her voice Sunna called “Moonbeam please stay behind!  Eclipse would you please be a dear and make sure our guest has everything she needs AND take her along to the reception hall to witness the spring storm!” smiling and gently pushing Dagmar into Eclipses direction and waving Moonbeam to come to her side, Sunna turned and walked back to the table.
Eclipse rolled her eyes at her friends saying “Well then, come on, not going to slow down for you.”  With that she turned on her heel and began to march at a fast pace back the way they had come.  Dagmar followed at a trot keeping the group in sight as they laughed and chatted moving through the tunnels.  The sound of the thunder and rain became louder as the girl passed through the meal area and was nearing the entrance.  A loud crack made the child jump with fright as the whole interior of the tunnel she was walking down was lit up by lightning.  Reaching the waterfall the girl was amazed at the noise, which she initially thought was the water rushing over the edge of the waterfall and rushing past the entrance but was actually the storm raging outside.  The wind was howling so hard, as she looked out over the meadows from the edge of the waterfall, that she saw trees bending in submission to the fury of the storm with branches torn and tossed about every which way.  One member of the patrol wandered over to where Dagmar was standing looking out at the storm “Don’t pay any attention to Eclipse young one.  She thinks she is superior to us all because she is the leader this cycle.  We vote at the beginning of every cycle for a new leader of the patrols.  This way everybody has a turn and we all learn new skills.  My name is Dusk and I was patrol leader last cycle.  How do you like it here then Dagmar?” looking kindly at the child.  “It is nice to meet you Dusk.  I think it is beautiful here.  Eclipse seems alright, she listened to me and let me explain things, not like Moonbeam who was a bit of a bully.  She dragged me here, I did not come voluntarily.” Sounding and feeling a little exasperated by everything that has occurred since meeting Moonbeam, Dagmar began to miss her grandparents and Titania, who made her feel safe.  “Aw sweetling don’t look so sad!  Have you been given a room yet?  The storm will last a few days and it is not safe to be out in this weather.  Come we will find you a room near mine.” Without waiting for a response Dusk turned and began slowly walking towards the tunnel at the back of the entrance cave and then chose the right tunnel entrance following it and turning left every second intersection until they came to a large cavern with many small curtain covered doorways leading of it.  “Here we are Dagmar, this is my room and if I am not mistaken there is an empty room two doors away” briskly making her way to the entrance she had indicated, Dusk lifted the curtain to check and then indicating to the girl to come, showed her the interior. “Aha, I was right!  Do you like it little one?  Let us find you blankets and all the other little things a girl needs.” Winking at the child Dusk turned and headed towards another door way but this one not covered by a curtain, gently pushing Dagmar through the entrance they found themselves in a huge storage room with shelves from floor to ceiling filled to capacity.  “Now then let me see …. ahh here were are!  Two blankets, a pillow, a cup and plate, now where have they moved the clothing to? Oh wait here we are, now you will need clean pants and shirt and a shirt to sleep in at night.” Handing item after item down to the child stopping to search along shelves until she was happy with what she found for the girl. “So you are human, eh?  I have never met a human before.  Was always told that they are cruel and horrible creatures but you don’t seem to be horrible.  I always thought they were stories made up to frighten and stop younglings from wanting to cross into the human realm for a visit. ”casually walking back to the room assigned to the girl, Dusk carried the bulk of the items she had found.  Dropping the whole bundle onto the bed she made herself busy making the bed and putting things away for the girl all the while chatting away “here we have the alcove for your spare clothing and over here is an alcove with a shutter so you can darken the room for sleep.  The crystals glow all the time and can be very bright and annoying if you try and sleep.  See!  You just pull this over as much as you want and that way you control the light.  I will put your cup and bowl on here and when it is meal time I will come and get you so we can go together, if you want.”  Looking tentatively at the girl, Dusk waited for a response “Yes please Dusk, I would appreciated that because I think I would get lost trying to find my way back to where we spoke with Sunna.” Laughing Dusk shook her head “No sweetling that is not the place where we usually eat. Do you remember the large caverns before Sunna’s kitchen?  The big cavern with lots of tables, chairs and benches!  That is where we will have our meals.”    







Education
Walking out of the large sleeping chamber the girl decided to go back to the entrance and have another look at the storm.  Stopping at one of the many intersections Dagmar became confused, stopping in her tracks she found her centre and knew which tunnel to follow.  Pleased that her innate sense of direction which her grandparents called her personal compass worked for her no matter where she was.  After a short while she arrived back at the entrance, nearing the curtain of water she thought it sounded a lot louder than the last time she was there.  Walking over to the side which they used as the entry point all she could see was a solid wall of water with no was past not through it.  She walked all along the waterfall and found it to be one solid wall of rushing water.
Turning around Dagmar faced the five tunnels, deciding to explore one of them, she chose the one furthest to the left next to the one she had already used.  Heading down the tunnel, this was also lit by glowing crystals set into the walls and ceiling.  Following the tunnel she found several openings which led to large caverns with similar curtains to the one she was assigned to.  Remembering her promise to Dusk, the girl tip toed past these cavern entrances.  She felt comfortable in the knowledge that she was not going to disturb anybody’s rest.  Finding another entrance the girl quietly crept in looking around shyly.  As Dagmar surveyed the chamber she saw that it was occupied by a handful of girls, some were reclining with a book open in their hands whilst others looked as if deep in study at large tables piled high with books of varying sizes.  A dark haired girl looked up from her book “What can I do for you tadpole?” “Um, I was wondering if I could look at the books.”  Said the girl all of the sudden feeling very timid. “If you want, but DO NOT damage them. Understand?” the dark haired girl was looking sternly at the child.  Dagmar nodded hastily and turned towards a large book case near her.  Trailing her fingers along the spines of the books she tried to read the names but realising that she could not read the lettering.
“Do you want some help tadpole?” said a quiet voice behind the girl, who jumped, squeaked and spun around all in one movement.  Holding her tummy the dark haired girl was laughing uncontrollably and being shushed by some of the other occupants of the chamber “Oh, you jump well tadpole.  Merry Meet little one, they call me Ripple.  You are the little halfling that Moonbeam found!?” Having regained her composure “My name is Dagmar and Moonbeam DID NOT FIND me, she dragged me here!” stepping back with both hands raised in mock defence “Whoa there little tadpole.  Well then Merry Meet Dagmar, it is a pleasure to meet you.” The girl could not help but smile back at Ripple who had a cheeky dimply smile “Merry Meet Ripple, I just get so angry that Moonbeam is telling people she found me.  She dragged me here.” Still feeling a little out of sorts the child had her small fists pressed against her sides, seeing this Ripple smiled and ruffled the girls’ hair affectionately. “Never mind little one.  You have spoken with Sunna?  You have told her your story? All will be well.” Said Ripple soothingly “now then……mmmmm let me see what would be a good book” mumbled the older girl, scanning the shelves with her index finger firmly pressed against her bottom lip, then without warning she swooped down to one of the shelves closer to the ground “Aha!  Here they are!” turning triumphantly to Dagmar, the older girl held several large books in her arms “Come tadpole, these will be just perfect for you.  Come and sit with me over here” pointing to a pile of cushions with a low table in the centre.
They settled amongst the cushions, having moved and adjusted their seating and Ripple had placed the books onto the table and was now reaching for the top volume.  Turning to the girl Ripple said “These books are for tadpoles your age.  They have lots of pictures and I can help explain, that’s if you like?” the girl had her eyes already glued to the cover of the book.  The leather bound book smelled of ancient forest and autumn rains but the design on the cover and the colour of the leather binding looked new.  The cover was a deep green with three spirals interlocking in red.  She reverently touched the design with her fingertips tracing the spirals, lightly touching the cover.  Ripple slowly opened the book to its first page “This is a book which teaches writing and reading to little tadpoles like you.” explained the older girl “The first line here means ‘Merry Meet’.  What do you think the second line means?”  Asked Ripple, the girl looked closely at the letters, which were nothing like the letters Oma and Opa had been teaching her.  These letters were more like lines with smaller lines like arrows and ticks “The first word is ‘Merry’ and I can guess the second word is ‘Part’, so ‘Merry Part’” “Well done little one” praised Ripple.  Turning them page the older girl began teaching in earnest. 
Over the next few hours the two girls were engrossed in the books, with Ripple explaining “We call our writing runes, just like you call yours letters.  Here let me find some bleached leaves and charcoal” with that Ripple leapt up and skipped to a large table which was piled high with books, returning in  a flash smiling broadly.  Placing several items on the table in front of them “Now little one, here is a bleached leaf and charcoal stick.  Write your name at the top, here.” Pointing to the top of the sheet Ripple then handed the girl a sharpened charcoal stick.
Focusing intently on her neatest writing she wrote DAGMAR, and then the older girl asked “Explain the letters to me, how do they sound and I will write them in our runes.” With that the child sounded out every letter and watched as Ripple began writing     “There you are, now you copy and then write my name in your letters and we will do it again “beginning to enjoy herself, having missed Oma’s lessons, this felt right to the girl.  She wrote Ripples name, sounding out each letter as she wrote it and slid the leaf  over to the other girl who began immediately     “There! Now you have a go” she slid the leaf back in front of the girl.  They were so involved they did not notice as the other occupants leaving the chamber nor the small bell which tinkled in the corner. 
Having looked for the girl a quite some time Dusk wandered into the chamber of books and spotted the two deeply engrossed in their work.  As she walked over to them she watched as the two heads, one dark and one light were leaning close together “Ahem!” clearing her throat so as not to give them too much of a fright.  Both girls jumped slightly bumping heads as they both turned around, causing a lot of head rubbing and giggling “So this is where you have been hiding.  Ripple, have you been doing your own lessons?  Let me have a look at what you two have been working on?”  Handing up the leaves the girls began to put books in a neat pile “Yes Dusk, I had finished all my work and was doing some leisure reading.’ Replied Ripple to the question.  Dusk looked very pleased with the answer “Good!  I am pleased you are beginning to have some self-discipline AND I am also very pleased to see you passing your knowledge.  What have you learnt little tadpole?” directing the last of her comment at the girl.  “I can write a few things and I am learning to read.” Replied the child, with a very pleased look on her face.  Ripple was nodding in agreement “She is a very fast learner Dusk.  She can write some sentences and she is nearly fluent in reading.” Reaching for a book she opened it and randomly pointed, saying “Go on little one read and show Dusk how clever you are.”  The girl licked her lips nervously, took a deep breath and began “….is one way of training pixies to return borrowed items.”, “That’s WONDERFUL little tadpole” cried Dusk clapping her hands “Come you two, you need food to keep up your strength for more learning” “Has the storm and rain stopped yet?” asked the girl with hope written all over her small face as she looked up at Dusk “No little one, if anything it is worse.  The wind is howling and the rain which turns to hail stones the size of small pebbles.  Come have some food and then I will show you.” guiding the girl gently towards the communal dining chamber.
As they walked into the dining chamber all conversation stopped and every head turned their direction.  All eyes were on the girl who was becoming very embarrassed and turning bright red in the face.  A tall mad appeared at her side and smiled down at her “Merry Meet Dagmar, it is so good to see you hale and hearty!”  The girl blinked up in confusion, looked up at the man and was met by large emerald green eyes “Merry Meet Sir.” She replied politely, the man chuckled “We met at your welcome feast, remember?  I can see you have had many adventures since then.  I will have to get a message to your….to Titania, who was when I last saw her, inconsolable.  The poor woman fears the absolute worst and is ready to mobilise the whole fae army.  She even mentioned going through the curtain as soon as it is thin enough to see your grandparents.  She has sent search parties and is a little mad with fear for you sweetling.”  Hearing this reduced the child to tears “But I didn’t want to come here!  It’s Moonbeams fault!  She dragged me here!” cried the girl as she turned to run.  “Whoa there little tadpole!” said Eclipse as she approached the small group “You can’t go out there little one.  All the streams have become dangerous white water rivers.  You will drown just by leaping through the water wall!” she positioned herself so she could intercept the child if need be.  Dagmars face crumbled and she began to cry in earnest.
Sunna arrived in time to comfort the sobbing girl up and walk to where she was sitting only moments before.  Rocking and cooing in a smooth practiced way and humming gently “Shh sweetling, all will be well.  We will get you home as soon as we can.  Shh sweetling shh shh sh sh sh sh shh shh shh” slowly she began to calm down, hick upping and snuffling and then in a muffled voice “Titania will hate me now because I am causing so much trouble.”, bottom lip trembling “OH NO! Sweetling she does not nor will she ever hate you.  She is very worried as was Blade when he arrived back here at Four Falls” looking affectionately at the tall man “But…but I…. I have brought so much concern to your lives and I was really enjoying learning to write runs.  Now I will never be able to come back!”  after having gently stood the girl on her feet and straightened “Oh sweet little tadpole.  You will always be welcome here and I think Titania will feel the same way.” Sunna gently guided the child to a seat and served her some fresh bread, cheese and a small bowl with a lovely smelling vegetable soup.  “Here little one, have some food and drink” smiling down at the girl Sunna turned and walked over to the man she called Blade, standing side by side they spoke in unison “Let us give thanks to Our Mother, Gaya for providing us with this food so that we can nourish and protect Her.”  Dusk and Ripple sat down on either side of the child and chatted amiably.  Dagmar sat gloomily and looked around, she saw many faces from the patrol which brought her here, but she did not see Moonbeam or Eclipse at any of the tables.  A little relieved the girl sat and watched Sunna and Blade, wondering why he looked so familiar.  His hair was a golden colour and the emerald green eyes, deep in conversation with Sunna, his head tilted close to hers.  “Who is Blade?  I feel like I have met him before’ asking no one in particular “Blade is Sunna’s life partner.  He was visiting the King and Queen when you arrived.” Informed Dusk “Oh I remember now!  He was at the big table!” exclaimed Dagmar with delight “He knows everything about how I got here.  He can get Moonbeam and Eclipse to understand that I AM telling the truth” Dagmar said with a relieved look on her face.
After the meal the girl left the dining chamber, turned right into the tunnel and briskly walked toward the entrance.  She stopped in front of the water curtain hearing the roar of the water as it rushed over the edge.  Moving towards the entrance side of the ledge she tried to peek past the rushing water.  She tuned back towards the cavern just in time to see Moonbeam rushing towards her screaming “AMIN DELOTHA LLE!  It’s your fault! It’s ALL YOUR fault” with every word she tried to punch or kick Dagmar “AMIN DELOTHA LLE!” and with one lucky punch the girl lost her balance and vanished from sight “I hope you drown!” said Moonbeam to the spot where she last saw the girl.






The Village
Her arms wind milled frantically trying to regain balance and then everything went cold, wet, dark and loud. She tumbled over and over and then what little air there was left in the girls lungs were knocked out of her when she hit the water at the base of the waterfall.  Gasping for air everything went black for Dagmar.  
“Take those wet things off her Autumn!  Fetch another blanket Slate dear.  Fawn could you hand me that mug please.  Thank you dear.”  Cool hands rubbing frozen toes and feet and then the feeling of ointment being rubbed into the soles which made the skin tingle and everything began to feel warm all the way to the bones.  “Ah I see you are beginning to come back to us.  Sleep sweetling you have a lot of healing to do yet.” a soothing and warm voice to the child, who willingly fell into a deep sleep.  Gentle hands busily rubbed the heating ointment into arms and legs and then wrapped her in warm blankets and placed in a soft bed near a warm fire. 
Warm liquid was trickling down her throat and it felt very pleasant but then tickled and made her cough.  “Welcome back to the living, sweet child.” As the girl opened her eyes she had to squint because it was very bright where ever she was.  She tried to sit up when a wave of cold shivering took hold of her body.  Pulling blankets up tight to her chin she tried to find a warm spot but failed, a cool hand on her hot forehead told her she was ill and must have a fever and Oma was taking care of her.  “Oma, I’m sorry that I have been causing you worry.  How long have I been sick for because it feels like forever.  I have had magical dreams about faeries and nymphs but I have missed you so much.” The child spoke to the cool hands which did not stop in their ministrations during the whole time “Here little one, drink this.  It will help make you better.” Her head was held while warm sweet liquid rolled down her throat and soon she felt all fuzzy and fell into a deep dreamless healing sleep only waking momentarily when given cool drinks.  She began to wake up properly while everything was very quiet and she assumed it was night, looking around from where she lay, Dagmar could see simple furniture such as a rocking chair and a stool, she also saw a table with many pots and bowls on it and a fire merrily burning in the hearth.  
The girl moved her arms and legs and felt an ache but no pain; she pulled back the blanket and sat up, falling back onto the pillow due to sudden weakness and dizziness.  Pulling up the blankets the child decided she was better off staying where she was until she felt a lot better, she fell asleep.  A rustling noise was what next woke the girl and as she opened her eyes she could see it was a bit lighter in the room and the fire was slowly burning down.  A figure appeared carrying some wood, bending down the person placed wood into the hearth and blew gently to rekindle the fire, straightening with a little groan the figure turned and took of a hooded cloak.   A tall figure with waist long hair began to get busy mixing things from small bowls and jars into a large pot.  Dagmar was watching intently when the persons head came up and their eyes locked.  “Ah I see you are feeling better little one.  You had us all very worried for a while there.  Would you like a drink of water?  I must let Fana know.” bringing a small cup of water the lady handed it to the child and touched her forehead and cheeks then turned and rushed out to go tell the others.   Slowly sipping the water, Dagmar sat up slowly and found this time she did not get all dizzy.  “Well Slate I am so glad the child is finally awake.  Poor little thing did get banged up a bit from the fall and then the near drowning.  Let us have a look at our little foundling.” walking in a brisk manner a lovely lady came over to the bed and touched Dagmars cheeks and neck. “Well looks like you are going to stay with the living for a while longer little one.  Merry Meet little sweetling my name is Fana and these inquisitive creatures are my daughters Slate who you have already met, Autumn who found you and Fawn over there who refused to leave until you were better.  How are you feeling?” Dagmar looked around and smiled “Merry Meet.  My name is Dagmar.  How did I get here?  I remember being pushed and falling through the water curtain and then everything sort of went blank.” The girls had all moved to the table and began mixing and grinding while Fana tidied up the bed and sat down on the chair near the bed “Now then sweetling.  Tell me what happened.” “I was at the water curtain and Moonbeam came at me and started to punch me and push me telling me she hated me and then I fell.  I don’t remember anything after that.”, “Mmm that explains a few things.  Are you talking about Four Falls when you say you were at the water curtain?”  The child nodded her head “Yes and they were so nice to me except for Moonbeam, she really hates me.” Smiling at those words Fana stood up and beckoned for Dagmar to follow, the child stood up carefully but found she was steady and did not feel faint at all.  Following the woman, the girl saw that Fana had the most beautifully coloured hair she had ever seen.  In a plait which ended near her knees was hair of all shades of brown and gold and looked as if alive when the light played over it.  “Come and sit on this stool so I can have a proper look at you sweetling.  Up you go!” with strong hands Fana hoisted the girl on to the stool and then deftly inspected the girl from head to foot  stopping to push here and to have the child flex this limb or that digit. “Well looks like you escaped that adventure with a few bruises.  The fever you had was also from the fall but it was the shock and near drowning and freezing which caused that.  Now you are nearly as good as new.  When you are feeling stronger we will go see the Wise Ones and ask for their advice.  I think in a day or two should do nicely.” “I don’t mean to be rude Fana but I would like to go back to Titania.  That’s if you know the queen and know how to get there.” said Dagmar in a small voice, “Why sweetling, of course I know Queen Titania and I also know how to get to the palace.  But that is not here nor there at the moment.  You have been causing a lot of concern and worry so I am going to take you to the Wise Ones and we will speak to them and they may have answers which we all seek.  The Queen Titania has gone beyond the veil to speak to human friends and visit kin.” “Oh no she has gone to see Oma and Opa!  Oh NO!  They will be so angry at me.  Why take me to the Wise Ones when all we need to do is go to the palace and I can then wait there for everybody to get back and accept my punishment.” said the girl with her hands covering her face and tears running down her cheeks.  Fana sat and waited until the child recovered some of her composure, leaning forward she pats the girl on the knee “don’t worry yourself about anybody hating you and being angry with you.  Yes she has gone beyond the veil but that is not here nor there sweetling.  We have you safe and sound and that is what matters.  The Wise Ones are indeed wise and will hopefully help us understand what/who you are.  I am not being mean by saying what little one.  The what, is you are half elf and faery or human/elf, oh dear there are a lot of mixtures and you my little sapling are a wander to behold.  You have the hair of a faery and the eyes of an elf but you also have some water and earth in you.  We will find out soon enough though little petal, let us get to know each other a little better.  What questions have you for me?” smiling broadly Fana sat back and waited.  
The Dagmar digested what Fana had said and agreed that until they all returned there was nothing that could be done.  Looking at Fana she saw deep green eyes with flex of gold in them merrily looking back from an oval face with skin the colour of Oak tree leaves in autumn.  “Where am I Fana?” “Well that one is easy, you are in the oldest part of the forest which is called ‘Forest of Karnayna’ a wonderful place for shelter and food.” Fana sat silently waiting for the next question “How did I get to be here?  I don’t remember much after I fell.” “Ah well there we have sort of pieced things together from where we found you.  As you have told us this girl Moonbeam pushed you out of ‘Four Falls’ caverns and you must have lost consciousness.  We found you a long way away from there in a shallow lagoon.  You were barely breathing and coughed up a lot of water, so we believe you nearly drowned.  The girls carried you to our home and we have been tending to you by rubbing your arms and legs because you were so very cold and going blue in places that we had to get the blood flowing again so that you didn’t lose your life.  Now I have a question, are you hungry?” smiling broadly Fana stood up and went to a shelf and brought back a bowl filled with lovely fruit in exquisite juices “Well yes I am a little hungry Fana.  Oh they smell like summer afternoons!” eagerly tucking in the child soon demolished the fruit and was offered another bowl with different fruit and she also ate all that.  
Watching the child eat were Fanas daughters Fawn and Autumn, looking pleased that the girl had a good appetite.  Moving around that Dagmar now realised was the kitchen were two very pretty girls, one with hair which seemed to vary from brown to gold to black, a constant movement, and golden eyes hiding under delicately long lashes in an tanned oval face.  Flashing shy smiles when ever their eyes met Fawn soon moved closer “Merry Meet.  My name is Fawn and I looked after you while you were sick.  I am so happy to see you up and about.  We will have to find you some clothing soon.” smiling broadly Fawn skipped off to do some other chores.  As Fawn left Autumn came into the room, smiling and nodding to the girl as she moved about putting things away and picking things up “Merry Meet.  My name is Dagmar” said the child shyly and the girl stopped “Merry Meet little one I am Autumn and I am very pleased to meet you.  I see you are feeling better.  It is good after what your young body has been through that you have a good appetite.  Whatever you want to eat sweetling just let me know and I will prepare it for you.  The more energy you have the better for your body to recover.” “How sick WAS I?  You make it sound as if I nearly died!  Was I THAT sick?” asked Dagmar sounding and looking very shocked “Actually sweetling yes you nearly died and we were very worried.  You had a very bad fever and we could not get the water into you as fast as you were sweating it out when the fever raged.” replied Autumn in an even voice stopping in front of the child, bobbing down to be eye level with her, Autumn smiles “but we have helped you heal and now we will have answers and hopefully ideas as to what to do next.” Straightening up Autumn picked up a basket and walked out the door leaving Dagmar alone.  Hopping of the stool the girl walked over to one of the many windows.  Looking out she saw something she was not expecting, she did not see ground, and she saw the canopy of a forest.  Gripping tightly to the window sill the child looked out further and noticed that there are many houses perched in the massive forks of huge trees.  As she watched she saw a hive of activity on many braches which were walkways and went in all directions.  She knew she was high up in an ancient tree but how she got up here was yet to be discovered.  Fana walked in with a bundle of cloth and dropped them on the big table “Now then let us see what we can find so that you are dressed a little more appropriately.  Look at this lovely skirt all bright and happy with so many different blues in it I am sure it would look absolutely divine on you and look another skirt and this one is so pretty, come look at the stitching sweetling.” said Fana showing the tiny beads that the girl did not see before, to her the material just glittered being it was such a brilliant white.  Looking closer the child saw that each bead was like a dew drop and the pattern they created was spirals inside of spirals.  Fana had found a white shirt with the same beads and placed that with the blue skirt, she then discovered another shirt of the purest white which she promptly placed with the white skirt.  After some searching they found stockings and even two pairs of pretty boots, one made of the softest brown leather which fitted all the way up to the knee and the other pair made of the whitest skins adorned also with beads as if they were made for the shirt and skirt.  Ushering the girl to another room where a large wooden bath was waiting with steaming water looking very inviting.  Without a word Dagmar undressed and slid into the hot bath and felt all her aches literally dissolve “Ah that feels SO GOOD.  I love having a good hot bath, it makes you feel so clean.” Fana reached over and showed the child the soap “Here sweetling I will wash your back for you and then we will wash your hair.  It is all smelly and matted in places after your long illness.” “How long have I been here Fana?” “You were with a fever for five days and then sleeping another three, so eight days all up little one. Here dunk your head under the water so we can soak it all.....GOOD GIRL.....now up and let me get the hair soap worked into your hair, we are going to have to do a couple of rinses to get it all perfectly clean.....now down you go.....Good girl......and again rub rub rub.....maybe one more and then I will put in a lotion which helps untangle knotted hair......down you go......swish your head around.....good.....now for the lotion.  We leave it in the hair and then with a comb we work it through and it also smells just wonderful.” Busily rubbing and working the lotion through the girls hair Fana kept up a constant stream of chatter.  When Dagmar was finished with the bath Fana wrapped her in a large soft towel which was bigger than the child and began rubbing to dry her off.  
Dagmar dressed in the white shirt and blue skirt with the brown boots, she then sat and submitted to the ministrations of Fana and a comb.  It took a lot of work to untangle the ringlets but once they were free it felt to the girl as if her hair had grown a lot in the past weeks.  Fana was enjoying playing with the curls and was trying to find a hair style which will control some of them “stay there sweetling and I will have your hair under control in a moment.  I have to go and fetch something.” walking briskly through the main door Fana returned in a heartbeat with a beautiful net which she placed over the back of the girls hair and the ringlets were immediately under control and looking very neat.  “Come sweetling, here is a looking glass and you can see your new hair style and how nice you look in the skirt and shirt.” walking towards the oval mirror Dagmar saw a very pretty girl with a beautiful long skirt and lovely shirt and  hair which was now well past her waist and in glorious golden ringlets.  “Oh Fana.  Is that truly me?  I think I have grown up a lot in the past few weeks.  I look taller and my hair was only to my waist when I arrived here.” “Sweetling you are growing up fast because it is getting close the awakening and all sweetlings have growth spurts around that time.  More things to speak to the Wise Ones about.”  leading the child back to her bed, which had been neatened up with clean sheets and pillows “Now my little one, I want you to have a rest.  You have been very busy this morning and you are starting to look a little pale.  Rest is what you need now.  Just rest on top of the blankets and later we will have some food.” hopping on to the bed Dagmar realised that she was feeling tired and a little sleep would make her feel much better.  Settling back into the soft pillows she felt almost at home.  She fell asleep thinking about her bed in her room and a smile was paying around her lips. 
Fawn and Slate were busy making the evening meal when the child woke up to the wonderful smell of freshly baked bread.  Sitting up and rubbing her eyes sleepily the child slid of her bed and walked to the kitchen table inhaling deeply trying to identify the herbs used, a game she played with Oma all the time.  The girl could smell all kinds of mixes, there was the basil and marjoram as well as spring onions and garlic and there was also the smell of rosemary, how they were all used was beyond the child, turning to Slate and Fawn “Oh it smells lovely in here.  Can I smell garlic and spring onions?” looking at the two girls expectantly and then continued “there is marjoram and basil and rosemary as well.  But there are a few I just can’t work out!” the two girls were nodding their heads “Yes you got them right and Fawn can explain the others to you.  I have to go and fetch some berries for our sweet breads and other yummy things.” Slate said as she picked up a basket and skipped out of the room, leaving Fawn and Dagmar looking at each other bemused.  Fawn walked over to one of the many benches and picked up a few jars, bringing them back to the table “Well sweetling, you have a sniff and see which one is which.  We will then see what you already know.” opening the first jar the girl could immediately identify the juicy smell of the basil and said so to Fawn who nodded “This one is rosemary and this one is mint” opening jar after jar being very pleased with herself “OOH I can’t work this one out, it smells a bit like mint and basil with something else.” “Ah sweetling you sniffed too many smells too quickly and now they are all mixed up.  Go to the window and have some nice fresh air and clear your nose.  Slow down and appreciate each individual smell, it is the only way to learn each individual characteristic of the plant.” Dagmar obediently went to the open window and sat on the sill inhaling deeply, she could smell the earthiness of the tree bark and the heady smell of spring flowers bursting with life.  Looking across to some of the other houses she could see a lot of activity with people preparing the evening meal, as people spotted her they waved a friendly greeting and soon there were many young ones heading towards her on the many walk ways that zigzagged the whole canopy.  “Fawn I think we are going to have visitors soon.  There are a lot of children coming this way and they are all waving and smiling!” Fawn came to have a look and true to Dagmars word there was a throng of little ones heading their way “No this will not do, no not at all.  Come sweetling we are going to have to head them off at the door.” walking swiftly to the door Fawn opened it just as the first children were going to knock on it.  “Why Merry Meet little ones, we were about to take a walk so I could show our guest our village.  I wonder if there are any well behaved sweetlings who could help by making sure we do not get bothered too much by inquisitive little ones.” there was a lot of commotion as Dagmar emerged from the door but within a few moments everything settled and all the little ones were so quiet “Well Dagmar I would like to introduce you to our little ones, a general Merry Meet I think would suffice.” smiling broadly the girl waved and said “Merry Meet everybody.  So nice to see you all.” “MERRY MEET” came the reply from many throats.  Leading the way Fawn directed the girl from walkway to walkway which reminded the child of roads but up in the air.  “Here were are sweetling.  This is the home of one of the most marvellous cooks I know.  What she does not know about herbs is not worth knowing.  Lavander are you home?”  Tapping on the door loudly “She is a bit hard of hearing although she always says that she was just very absorbed in something or other.” the door opened just as Fawn finished speaking.  Out came a lovely lady with the most interesting hair Dagmar had ever seen.  “Hello there Fawn dear so nice of you to pop by, and who is this?” ignoring all the other children the lady looked straight at the girl “Lavander I would like to introduce you to Dagmar our foundling” “Merry Meet Lavander” bobbing down to do a small curtsey the girls hand was caught by a hand with long slender fingers with amazing strength “Don't curtsey to me sweetling, save that for royalty.  Merry Meet little one.  Oh my, you are as lovely as a blossoming rose bud.  Come in, by the Goddess where are my manners.” ushering Fawn and the girl into her roomy sitting room, offering them comfortable seats and then bustled around for refreshments.  “Please Lavander don't bother yourself too much it is getting close to the evening meal and we don't want to spoil our sweetlings appetite.” Lavander laughed at that but returned with a small tray laden with sweet breads and a small jug “Here we go.  Now then which one would you like to try first little one?” offering the child a plate to fill with goodies from the tray, indicating for the girl to help herself “To what do I owe the pleasure of this visit Fawn my darling?” turning to Fawn with an interested look on her face “I do love your visits, we have such wonderful discussions about herbs and spices.” “Lavander, we came because our sweetling here has a nose for herbs.  She is very good and I thought that she may benefit from a visit to you, that’s if you are not busy off course.” looking in the girls direction, who had found a couple of sweet breads which looked and smelled delicious.  
Lavander beckoned for the girl to sit beside her “So little one, Fawn here tells me you have a nose for herbs.  Where have you learnt this?” she asked looking kindly at the girl “Oma and I have played a game ever since I can remember.  She cooks the meal and I try and sniff out which herbs and spices she used, it’s a lot of fun especially when I get them all right.” the girl said with pride “Ah so you have a wise Oma that is good to hear sweetling.  What do you know about how these herbs look, not just smell?  Do you have a nice herb garden with your Oma?” Lavander got up to go over to a particularly sunny window sill while asking “Come here sweetling.  What can you see?” walking towards the window the girl saw the deep green of the mint plant and large light green curly leaf parsley “You have some beautiful mint and curly leaf parsley and over here you have some rosemary and marjoram as well.  What are these ones Lavander?” pointing to a large pot in which was a small shrub with large grey leaves with small white flowers at the top “That is sage sweetling.  We use the leaves for insect bites and also boil up the leaves as a gargle for sore throats or a mouth wash for bleeding gums and it is also useful tummy upsets”  answered Lavander “How would you like to come for a walk with me into the forest and we can discover more wonderful plants.  That is if Fawn doesn't mind.” “Oh I don't mind Aunty, I think you will both enjoy your time together.  If you could bring her back by meal time then all is good.” answered Fawn. “How do you feel about that Dagmar, we can go for a nice walk and make lots of discoveries.” asked Lavander the girl, who was already standing up getting ready to go “I would like it very much.  I have looked out of the window at the other house and I have wanted to get out and explore but all those hanging walk ways worried me a little.” admitted the child as she was edging to the door ready to go out and explore “Well that is settled then, come little one we will go exploring.  When you walk out the door take the path to your right and then the second path branching off to the left.  We have to stop and pick up two baskets and then we will be ready.” Said Lavander as she was ushered the two girls out of the door, Dagmar turned right and began confidently walking along the path until it began to bounce and sway a little.  
The girl stopped dead in her tracks, holding on tightly to the guide rail which was on every path looking around wildly “Calm down sweetling, here, take my hand.  Now you will have to learn to have a little bounce in your step which will stop the path from bouncing.  Just try walking with your knees slightly bent and relaxed.” said Lavander showing her what she meant.  A few tentative steps later the child was walking along as if she had been born on the path ways.  Walking confidently along the directed paths they reach a very large door, walking in Lavander called out “Halloooo there, where are you Clove.  I have a visitor for you and I would like one of your smaller pretty baskets for berries.” Walking around the kitchen Dagmar saw movement out of the corner of her eye, in the other room.  The girl turned and saw a silver haired lady slowly walk towards them.  “Why do you always have to barge into people’s homes like a whirl wind Lavander?  Did you stop to knock or did you just walk in?”, ”I knocked first Clove and since the door was wide open so I walked in calling all the time.  I am sorry if we startled you or gave you a fright.  I know that when you get to your great age some things startle you more.  Here would you like to sit down?” the elderly lady pushed Lavenders helpful hands out of the way, instead looking at the girl “Who have we here then?  Are you the little one Fana and her girls found floating face down?  You must be because I would know your face.” Lavander stepped in and spoke firmly “Yes Mother Clove this is the sweetling found.  She is a very nice little one who seems to have an eye and nose for herbs.  I wanted to take her for a walk and came by to get one of your smaller berry baskets for Dagmar to use.”  Bobbing a quick curtsey “Merry Meet, Mother Clove.  It is very nice to meet you.”  said the girl brightly.  “Ahh, well then let us go and find a suitable basket for you little one.  Come over here, I have some lovely ones here they are in all the prettiest colours.  Let me see is I can find one that feels right for you.” Clove became very serious and began to walk slowly with her eyes closed and her hands floating over the top of the baskets without touching them, slowing at times and then with a flick of the wrist dismissing it and moving along further.  After what felt like an eternity she stopped and plucked out a basket which was like a rainbow of every colour imaginable.  Clove inspected it grumbling to herself a little, then turned and walked towards Dagmar “I remember making this basket.  For the life of me I had no idea what possessed me to make one so colourful and such an odd egg shape instead of my usually beautiful baskets.  I think I made it in preparation for you sweetling.”  Handing the basket, which did have an odd egg shape more like a jug then a basket with the handle in the right place for a basket but the rest looked like a jug.  The colours were innumerable and all blended into the other as they do in a rainbow “Oh it is SO pretty!  But why do you think it is for me?” “Sweetling everything belongs to somebody, a lot of the time those items never get to meet their true owner because if they do just as it is with a broom and a wand so it is with other things as well.  Baskets are a personal thing and everyone ends up having a favourite, it is that favourite, which has then found its true owner.  Do you understand what I am saying little one?” slowly nodding her head thinking about the brooms Oma has and she used to say that they were all good BUT there was one which is her favourite. Looking closely at her new basket the girl saw that it had a small bottom and then it rose in an egg shape with a big belly and then up to a small opening.  “Well what do you think little one? Do you like it?” asked Clove as she walked back to her chair.  “Yes I do Mother Clove.  Thank you very much.  Can we go now Lavander?” the girl asked turning towards the younger woman, laughing Lavander nodded and they began leaving “Merry Part, Mother Clove.  We will bring back some juicy berries for you.” closing the large door firmly behind then, they walked down to the forest floor. 
Reaching the ground Lavander set off towards a very large tree, looking around as she walked stopping every now and again to inspect something and then briskly walking towards the tree again.  The girl skipped to keep up with Lavander, who noticed and slowed down a little so the girl could keep up.  As they drew closer to the tree Dagmar could see the bark of the tree was different to bark on the other trees.  This one had bark of all hues of green and brown in no particular pattern and as they arrived at the base of the tree a door appeared and opened in an inviting way.  Following Lavander the girl walked into the tree and found it to be so much roomier then she ever expected it to be. As they walked up an internal staircase doors branched off on different levels and eventually they stepped off the stairs and into a very bright room with pretty white lace curtains gently moving in the breeze.  Near a window in a beautiful rocking chair sat a very fine-looking elderly lady with long flowing silver hair with skin so pale it had a translucent sheen to it. “Merry Meet, Elder Genova.  May I introduce Dagmar our little foundling.” Slowly the head turned on a very slender neck “It is so nice to meet you little one.  I have heard much from all the others but have not been able to bring my old bones to make the trip to visit while you were still ill. Merry Meet sweetling.  It is so nice of you to bring her to me Lavander.  Come and sit with me for a while and chat to an old crone.”  Dagmar went and sat on a small stool at the foot of the rocking chair and Lavander found a chair and brought it closer so they could chat quietly.  “So tell me Dagmar how old are you?  Your human age sweetling.”, “I will be twelve years old soon, Elder Genova.” Answered the child without hesitation “How long have you been in our realm little one?” “I think I have been here about fourteen to sixteen days” looking for confirmation from Lavander, who nodded her head in encouragement.  “That makes you a lot older than twelve, now that you have been here for fourteen or so days.  Everything here is very different and time is one of those things.  Every human I have ever met has had different reaction to our time scale but I have never met a little one like you.  Let me have a look at you sweetling, come and stand in the light here.” Obediently the girl hopped up and stood in front of the old woman and let the elderly lady inspect her. She looked deeply into Dagmars eyes and then touched her cheeks and throat, and then her hands were regarded closely, both the length and slenderness of the fingers and her palm.  The fingers that were tracing the lines on the girls palms were long and very thin with skin that was dappled in many shades of brown and fingernails that were filed to points but not once pinched or scratched. 
“You are close to the emerging of the gifts.  I do believe you are in for an adventure.” Genova turned to Lavander and said “Have the Wise Ones met this wonderful child yet? Fana must get her to them before the next night fall, they do not have much time, and she will be in full blooming very soon.”  “Fana is gathering everything as we speak to go and see the Wise Ones in the morning.  She has only just recovered from her injuries and the fever so surely a day will not matter that much.” The elder shook her head “Why is it that you young are always in a rush when there is no rush yet when there is a need to rush, you take your time?” frowning as she looked out of the window.  Looking around the room while the two ladies spoke, the girl noted that everything seemed to be a part of the tree.  The bench was growing out of the tree as was the bed in the other room, the rocking chair was different but looked as if it was also part of the tree even if it was separated from it.  Dagmar walked slowly over to one of the other doors and peeped into the room which seemed to be dedicated to old odd looking items and book.  The room was not dark and yet it was light enough to see everything clearly.  Feeling as if drawn into the room the girl walked in and started to look at all books eagerly wanting to put her new found skills to use.  Slowly reading the spines of the books mouthing each rune ‘The Hidden Herbs’, ‘Bark and its uses’, ‘Chronological History of The Forest Folk’, “Are you understanding the runes sweetling? a voice behind her made the girl jump a clear two steps forward, nearly bumping into the book shelves.  Turning around she was face to face with the smiling face of Genova “I didn’t mean to startle you little one.  Can you understand the rune writing?  Where did you learn?  Who taught you?”, “I learnt at Four Falls, Ripple taught me.” Answered the child keen to show her knowledge, she walked back to the book shelves and pointed at a spine “This one is ‘Healing Herbs’ and this one is ‘ Dragonology’ and this one is called ‘Raising and Feeding of Frosties and Europeans’ a strange title that one”.  Genova and Lavander had astounded looks on their faces as they listened to the girl read the titles of the books.  “How long were you with the Four Falls?” asked Genova ”I only spent a little while there and Ripple taught me for one day from the midday meal to the evening meal. Why? Is there something wrong?” asked Dagmar innocently, suddenly feeling deflated “No nothing is wrong sweetling, we are amazed at how well you read the runes after such a short time of learning.  I am wondering if your Oma and Opa had taught you runes at home.” replied Lavander reassuringly.  “Come sweetling let us be off before I get into trouble for not bringing you back in time for a evening meal.  Let us go and find some lovely herbs and other goodies.  Merry Part Elder Genova” “and Merry Meet Again Lavander and Dagmar” waved the elder as they turned and walked out the door and down the stairs, once they reached the forest floor they began walking away from the tree village and the elder tree house.     
Lavander walked with a purposeful stride looking for something particular, as they reached a very sunny area which had odd looking plants with nasty looking spines growing all over them.  “Be careful where you walk sweetling.  These spines can be pretty nasty and if they get into your skin you will get an infection and that is guaranteed.” warned Lavander as she gathered her skirt in a bunch and began carefully walking around always looking down “I am looking for a special cactus little one, it does not have spines.  It is green and has lovely little pink flowers growing out of the top.  It is not very big, sort of like a button.  If you spot any let me know.” they walked in silence, both searching for these button cacti.  “I think I have found it Lavander.  Is it a very small one that grows in clusters?” “Yes sweetling they can grow in very large clusters or in small family groups.  Let me have a look” inspecting the find, Lavander reached in to her basket and produced a beautiful knife, smiling she handed the knife to the girl “Here sweetling, you cut it.  Right at the base so we get the whole little cluster but we leave enough for it to grow back.” watching closely as the child bent and expertly handled the knife while cutting just as she herself would have done “Well done.  I see you have done this sort of gathering before.” “Yes with Oma and Opa, to find nice mushrooms and other nice roots and berries.  We go out gathering from spring to autumn and Oma dries or pickles a lot so we have plenty for the cold times when people get sick and ask Oma to make poultices and syrups for sore throats and coughs.” answered the girl as they walked out of the cacti field and back into the shade of the trees.  Seeing something familiar the child skipped over to a very pretty plant.  It had tall stalks which had little white flowers from half way up to the top and that always reminded her of the round brush Oma used to scrub her preserving jars before she made her lovely jams and delicious pickles.  “I think this is the plant Oma always hunts for when we go out because it helps with women pain and arthritis.  She uses the roots for most and I think she uses the flowers as well.  Can we cut some and maybe give it to Lady Genova?” nodding Lavander pointed into the girls basket, looking into it the child saw a lovely knife with a beautiful white handle with a green ribbon tied around it.  She reached in and took the knife out in awe, having looked into the basket earlier and not seeing anything in it and then finding a knife was surprising “Go ahead sweetling use it and cut well.  I am sure Lady Genova will appreciate the thought greatly.  I am very pleased to see you have been educated in the art of herbs.  Now I think we had better go get some juicy berries for the evening meal.  I know where there are some glorious blueberries and raspberries grow, follow me sweetling and we will have a belly full, oh and a basket full of berries soon.” walking briskly towards another sun lit areas and saw huge bushes of raspberries and blue berries and all looked ready to burst with juice “Oh yum, I love eating berries and then I end up with a tummy ache.  I am going to be responsible today and not eat too many so that I don’t get a tummy ache!” announced Dagmar as she began to skip towards some lovely raspberries getting ready to pluck then and drop them into her pretty basket, Lavander watched the child skip away and chuckled to herself.  She decided that she did have to have a taste test first to make sure they were ripe and sweet enough.  Popping one into her mouth she bit down and her whole mouth was awash with the wonderfully sweet juice of the berry.  Contentedly she worked at picking juicy raspberries and when she could find no more she moved to the next section of berries and recognised them as blueberries.  Wondering how much more she could fit into her basket she looked into the basket and saw that she had much more room then she thought.  The raspberries which she had picked only reached half way up the basket, pleased with this discovery the girl proceeded to pick blueberries until she heard Lavander call “I think we had better head back now sweetling, the sun is going to disappear behind the ancient tree in a short while and that means it will be meal time soon.  Let me have a look at how much you have picked little one.  Oh my that is a wonderful basket you have and by golly that is a lot of berries, well done Dagmar.” she said after looking inside the basket and seeing the large amount of berries that had been picked “I do believe between the two of us we have picked enough berries to share with the whole village.”.  Hand in hand they strolled back to the village enjoying each other’s company without saying a word. 
As they arrived at the base of the village they were met by a gaggle of little ones some fluttering with little wings and some hopping about in excitement, all wanting to catch a glimpse of the human foundling.  Lavander shooed them away with stern words and then ushered the girl up the path ways to Fanas house, where they were greeted with much laughter and singing.  Dagmar put her basket on a free bench and began unloading the blueberries into a large bowl, she filled that bowl and had to ask for another one which she also filled with blueberries and then she asked for another large bowl so she could unload the raspberries discovering that she also needed another large bowl to finally empty the basket.  Looking into the basket the child could not see any berry juice stains as she expected and then looking at the amount of berries that were in four very large bowls and then inspecting the inside of the basket again, she shook her head and turned to Lavander asking “What is it about this basket?  It seems to be able to carry much more than it actually has room for.  The amount of berries that are on the table could not fit into that basket if it were a normal basket.....” looking expectantly at Lavander and then Fana the girl waited “Remember when we went and got that basket from Clove?  She went around and chose one especially for you?  When she makes baskets sometimes she has no idea what magic she weaves into them until they find their true owner and then they give their gift.  I think your basket is like a deep well where you only see the top bit where you have the bucket.  Do you understand what I mean sweetling?” “Yes I understand.  I am surprised that a basket can do that though.”.  Fawn walked in just as the girl finished speaking and looked with huge eyes at all the berries on the bowl “Oh yummy, we are having berries for sweets.  They look absolutely delicious.  Did you pick them little one?” looking at the child “Yes I did and my basket is a magic basket!” answered Dagmar proudly.  A little perplexed Fawn looked at her mother, Fana and then at Lavander for an explanation “Well the basket has found its true owner and it has the gift of depth.  It held all those berries and it was still light enough for the little one to carry without noticing.” explained Fana.
The evening meal was a merry affair after Fana did the candle lighting and the saying of the prayer to the Goddess.  There were people coming and going all through the meal, either bringing a basket of something in exchange for something else which had been prepared.  Slate explained it as having a huge feast but still at your own table, where everyone knew what had been prepared during the day so if they wanted some they brought something else in exchange and everyone was happy.  This evening though Slate commented it was a little more busy because everybody wanted to see the little human guest.  After the meal was finished Fana began to fuss over what they were going to be taking to the Wise Ones, sorting through small parcels and then looking at the clothing they had prepared.  Not happy about something Fana began searching in big trunks, boxes and wardrobes until finally she came up triumphant “I knew it was somewhere in this place.  You need a cloak my sweetling.  I have also found another dress for you as well as stockings.  Now where is that clever basket of yours?” looking around as she asked the question, Dagmar reached behind her and produced the basket in question “let us see how much we can pack into this little thing.  You have a skirt and shirt and you have a dress, then there are the pants and shirt, well they fit in nicely!  Now there are the shoes and then the stockings and dainties, oh look I think there will even be enough room for the cloak.  By the Goddess I think if we were to put a nice big lunch in there it would accommodate that too.  What a clever basket you have sweetling.” the girl watched in stunned amazement as Fana folded and placed each item into the basket and could still fit in more “I like this basket!” she said with a grin.  Sitting on a window sill the girl  watched as other houses were settling for the night when a big yawn escaped her, Fawn was sitting next to her and began to giggle and then produced her own jaw cracking yawn “I do believe it is time for some of us to go to bed.” said Fana laughing as she watched the two take turns yawning.  “Come sweetling you will be sleeping in your own room tonight.  We were afraid of not being able to hear you when you were ill.  Follow me little one, I have a lovely night down laid out for you after you have had a nice bath.” leading Dagmar down a small hall Fana then entered a lovely room with windows on three sides.  A lovely large bed took up the centre of the room and that is when the girl noticed that the room was round, absolutely delighted by this she skipped around the room saying “I love it.  Oh it is just so pretty!  Thank you Fana!”.  Pleased with the reaction Fana began to sort out the bath which was hidden behind a screen, which blended perfectly into the wall that if you didn't know it was there you would bump into it, making sure the water was not too hot.  “Come little one, lets get you bathed and then into bed.  We have a big day ahead of us tomorrow.” helping the girl out of her boots, shirt and skirt and helped her into the bath which smelled of lavender and roses.  As the girl slid into the water she began to relax and feel how tired she actually was.  Fana began soaping up the childs back with very special soap made purely out of lavender, calming the body and the soul.  By the time Fana had finished washing the girls back and hair and then drying the golden ringlets and helping her into her night gown the child struggled to keep her eyes open.  Fana tucked her into the bed and giving her kisses on her cheeks, eye lids and forehead Fana left knowing she would have a good deep night’s sleep.
Journey
Dagmar woke up to the sound of much commotion and chatter, she tried to snuggle further under the nice warm blankets but the tantalizing smell of freshly baked bread and the bodies morning needs made that an impossibility.  Reluctantly the girl crawled out from under the lovely warmth, bracing herself for the chill of morning only to realise it was comfortably warm.  After her morning ablutions she walked down the hall and into a kitchen, which was a hive of activity “Good Morning little one, did you sleep well?” asked Fana as she walked past with an arm full of wrapped bundles “Would you like some nice fresh bread with cheese and a cool cup of honey dew to break your fast?” asked Fawn who was about to cut her own bread and cheese.  “Yes please Fawn, I am absolutely starving.  Can I help you?” asked the girl ready to tackle any task given “Go to the cupboard over there next to the big box and bring me two bread boards and two cups, please” answered Fawn.
Skipping to the indicated cupboard the girl took out the needed items and delivered them to Fawn, who was slicing thick chunks of bread that was still steaming.  Handing a board laden with bread and cheese back to the child Fawn pointed to a sunny corner of the kitchen that had no activity in it “Let us break our fast in peace and sunshine sweetling.  Come, follow me.” Fawn lead the way with a board filled with bread and cheese in one hand and a large jug plus two cups balanced in the other hand.  They put down their burdens and then negotiated sitting in the sun partially on the window sill and partially on the bench.  With their food between them they began biting hungrily into the lovely soft warm bread with fresh cheese that tasted of a hint of chives.  They ate in companionable silence feeling the hunger slowly being satisfied “Are you excited sweetling?” asked Fawn between mouthfuls “Excited about what?” replied the child also between mouthfuls.  With a surprised look the older girl chewed and swallowed hastily “You are going to see the Wise Ones!  That is a very special thing.  We all get to see them BUT to actually spend time with them THAT is exciting!” “Have you seen them Fawn?  What are they like?  Are they nice?  What do they look like?” the older girl held her hands up in mock defence and shook her head “I have seen them at some of the major festivals but only from a distance and I have no idea what they are like because I have never actually met them.  I am told by the elders that they are very gentle and kind and they are very old.  That is all I can tell you little one.”  the girl looked a little disappointed but soon shrugged it off and enjoyed the lovely food.  Fawn went to cut another slice asking the girl “Do you want more?  Would you like to have honey on it this time?” “Oh yes please!  I just love honey.” replied the girl in absolute delight.
Fana was in the meantime making certain that everything was in order and nothing was forgotten.  She was in the process of cleaning the kitchen when she saw the two girls merrily eating “Oh by the Goddess girls.  Why are you not dressed yet?  We need to be on our way soon.  Fawn you are not being a good example to our sweetling here.  Come Dagmar you will have to eat and dress at the same time.  Fawn I am expecting you to be dressed and ready when we are ready.” ushering the girl from the kitchen and into the bedroom where she immediately went to work getting the child dressed.  She pulled out the dress that she had packed into the basket the night before shook it out and nodded in satisfaction “Here you go sweetling.  This is a good travelling dress, and the boots you have will do nicely for walking.  Come let me brush your hair and try and get it under control.”  Fana took a hair brush and, whilst the child was chewing the last of her bread, began brushing her hair vigorously to bring out the shine.  Then Fana helped Dagmar put on the dress and do up the buttons.  As she moved the girl saw that the dress never stayed the same colour, it shimmered from brown to green to black and every hue in between.  She stood and swirled the dress about this way and that admiring the lovely colours as Fana impatiently began putting things into the basket and handing it to the child.
As they reached the kitchen Fawn was waiting patiently with a little grin on her face “I did it!  I was ready before you came back out.  Does that mean I am coming with you Mama?” giving her biggest brightest smile to Fana, who was laughing and shaking her head at the antics.  “I did not tell you because I know how excited you get and the last thing we needed was Fawn the whirlwind.  Yes you are coming and yes you will meet the Wise Ones, IF you behave.” said Fana with a serious look on her face, belied by the twinkle in her eyes.  Finding her staff and handing Fawn a walking staff, she looked around with a frown playing over her brows “Where is that staff I made for the child?  I know I put it with the others last night!” turning around she began to peer behind and under things until a triumphant “AHA there you are!” Fana produced a lovely staff made of a white wood, which had fallen and rolled underneath one of the benches.  “Here you go sweetling. This is for you.  It will make walking a little easier and it is wonderful to lean on.  It is made of a special wood from a tree that is like a ghost, so we call it ghost wood tree.  If we see one on our way I will show you.” and with that she handed the staff to the girl.  “Thank you Fana it is very pretty.  Oh are those carvings?  They are runes!  Mmm let me see.  This says 'Safe Travel over mountain and stream' and this one “In perfect love and perfect trust’ did I read them right Fana?” asked the girl “yes sweetling you read that perfectly.  We are going to have to teach you how to say them in our language.  That could be fun while we travel.”
As they were making their way to the forest floor many people came out to cheer them on their way and wish them a safe journey.  Some came out and gave Fana small colourfully wrapped bundles, which promptly were placed into the leather satchel Fana, had swinging off her right shoulder.  Fana set a brisk pace as they reached the forest floor and began walking towards what to Dagmar seemed the centre of the ancient forest.  As they progressed Fawn began teaching the girl basic words “Let us begin teaching with numbers, now say after me.  Meen.  Tahd.  Neh-led.  Kah-nahd.  Leh-ben.  Ehn-egg.  Oh-dohg.  Toll-oth.  Neh-dare.  Kire.  There, that was counting from one to ten.” The girl copied the older girl finding the words strangely familiar.  “Now let’s see, ah yes!  Ear is Law and eye is hehn.”The girl obediently imitated “Law and Hehn.”Fawn nodded “Very good, you are a natural.  Finger is Leh-bed.  Foot is Tahl.  Hair is Finn.  Hand is Kahm.  Heart is Oh-ray”.  “let me see is I got them righ Fawn.  Law is ear.  Hehn is eye.  Leh-ded is finger.  Tahl is foot.  finn is hair.  Kahm is hand.  Oh-ray is heart. Did I get them right?” looking astounded Fawn nodded her head.  “Count for me now.” “Ummmm, Meen.  Tahd.  Neh-led.  Kah-nahd.  Leh-ben.  Ehn-egg.  Oh-dohg.  Toll-oth.  Neh-dare.  Kire.” The girl skipped along counting her steps.  Fana watched all this with quiet pride, looking around as was her habit in case there is a nice mushroom or herb which may need plucking. As they walked Fawn kept up a running commentary  “Oh look sweetling this is a ‘Lohth, a blossom and there is a will-wahr-in a butterfly! Can you repeat them?” ‘A will-wahr-in is a butterfly and Lohth is blossom.  Look there is a red lohth.” “haha” laughed the older girl “That’s a kah-rahn lohth, a red blossom.” replied fawn impressed with the girls ability to learn the language.  “We are going to visit the Hod-oer-ea, Wise Ones.  Sen ah-mar Silmataurea, their home is in the Neverwinter Woods” explained Fawn as they walked through a sunlit meadow and so they continued Dagmars lanuage class as they walked.  
Fana decided to stop as they reached a lovely small stream, as she began setting out their mid-day meal she opened her leather satchel and pulled out a cloth and then many small parcels emerged from the small satchel that should not hold more than the cloth and a few small parcels.  As the girl watched, more and more bundles were brought out as well as several jugs, some cups and plates to finish the setting.  “Fana.  Is your satchel the same as my basket?”  asked the girl “Yes sweetling I found my satchel many seasons ago.  It was a gift from a story teller who owned it but it just never felt right for him.  It was functional but not big enough to hold anything of substance and when he saw me it felt to him as if the satchel was trying to get to me because whenever he walked near me there was an incredible tugging from the satchel.  He came up to me and told me that he believed he knew the true owner of the satchel and handed me the bag and whatever tugging he was feeling immediately stopped.” explained the woman as she set out their meal.  Fawn had joined them after having fetched some cool water from the stream “I remember that time!  That was old Saeldur who gave you the bag, wasn't it?  He is a funny man who appears and tells a tale and then disappears just as quickly.” “I remember him,  he arrived at the palace the second day I after I arrived.  He turned up just after breaking fast and told  a sad story about a fae princess who fell in love with an elven prince who left and ran away to live in the human realm where they lived and eventually they were having a baby but it turned out to be twins.  After the mother died, shortly after giving birth, one is taken to people in the human realm and the other was taken to the fae realm.”  exclaimed the girl.  Fawn had listened intently to the child “I remember him telling that story at one of the calling ceremonies.  I am not sure if it was meant to be a warning or just a reminder that it does not matter where love calls you as long as you listen to what it tells you.” she said when the girl finished.  
“Let us eat now girls, so that we can continue on our journey or we will have to sleep in the trees more than one night.  Here Dagmar, have some bread and cheese, sweetling.  Fawn, you also have some bread and cheese with a little less talking and then you can both have some fruit.” Fana said with an exasperated look of a long suffering mother.  Leaning against a large ancient oak the girls began to eat in earnest with Fawn teaching new words to the girl.  “Bread is Lereth, Water is Alu,  Juice is Pirya and Milk is Limpe.”  “Um, Fawn amin anfaug ten’ alu.” The child said with a cheeky grin.  “You thirst for water eh?  Well done sweetling.  You are picking up the language very quickly.” Replied Fawn with a smile as Fana brought out the water jug and filled a cup up for the child.  “Soon you will be fluent in elven as well as human.  Now eat up so that we can clean up and be on our way.” said Fana to both girls as she stood to walk to the stream to rinse her plate.  After eating, both girls also rinsed and dried their plates and cups and gave those to Fana to put into her satchel and they set off following the stream.  
As the afternoon progressed, the stream became a gentle river and the trees also changed.  The trees seemed to change as they travelled and the feeling of the forest changed as well.  The sun was slowly setting and Fana began looking at trees in which to make camp for the night when the girl asked “When will be arriving where the hodoerea live Fana? Are we in the silmataurea yet?” “Oh, all the questions sweetling.  Yes we are in the Neverwinter woods and we will be arriving to see the Wise Ones in the morning.  We will have to camp in a tree tonight because we had such a late start.  I was looking to find a nice tree to sleep in for the night and I think I have found just what we need.  Come little one, Fawn come over here please.  We will be making camp soon and I want to have a closer look at that beautiful oak over there.”  Leading the way to a particularly large tree, that had branches form a natural platform as well as other branches which formed steps for them to comfortably and safely get up the trunk.  As Fana climbed up the steps and onto the platform the child observed that the tree was also hollow and went to explore.  
Dagmar slipped into the hollow and immediately found that she was in a massive cavern.  Turning to call out to Fawn and Fana the girl could not find the entrance.  The caverns was lit by a source the child could not see but the entrance she only minutes before had come through was not to be found.   The girl began to panic and started to call out to Fana and Fawn wishing she had not climbed into the hollow to explore.  Climbing internal steps which curved all the way around the inside of the trunk and calling frequently in the hope that Fawn or Fana heard her.  As she reached the end of the steps she found herself at a door.  Not knowing what else to do the girl knocked on the door timidly, unsure of what to expect.  She jumped slightly when a voice answered form the other side of the door “Quel andune.” “Good afternoon to you as well.  May I come in?” called the child.  “Yes.  Enter.” was the response.  Hesitantly the girl opened the door, to her surprise there was no one inside    “Mae govanen!  Well met child.” came the greeting from all around the child “Merry Meet.  May I ask where I am?” asked the girl politely.  “You are within me child.” responded the voice to which the child replied “How did I get to be here?  I would like to find my friends again, I am a little frightened”, “you are safe and your friends are making a nest within my branches.  Why you are here within me, I do not know.  You have gifts yet to be recognised.”  The words were spoken and then the caverns changed and became a dark with light coming in from a hole on one side, climbing out of the hole Dagmar looked around in confusion for Fana and Fawn.  “Where did you go to sweetling? I was calling for you.” asked Fawn “I went into that hole there and ended up talking to the tree.” replied the girl.  Fana was approaching the girls at that moment “Where were you little one?  We called for you to show you our lovely nest in the branches.”  “I was inside the tree Fana and the tree told me that you were building a nest in its branches.  I was a little frightened and then it told me that I have gifts yet to be recognised.  What did it mean?” explained the child.  Fana looked at Dagmar a little surprised but indicated for the girls to climb up to the branches before she answered.  
As they climbed up the branches to the platform the child could see bedding and food set out in a homely fashion.  Fana made sure the girls were settled before she decided to explore the girls statement about the tree, once they all had food on their plates she turned to the girl and asked “Tell us what happened sweetling.  You said you were inside the tree talking to it.” “Yes Fana.  I went in through the hole and I was in a huge cavern and the entry had vanished.  There was a stairway and I climbed it and then there was a door.  I knocked on the door and a voice said ‘Good afternoon’ and then I was invited in but there was nobody in the room.  When I asked where I was the tree told me I was inside it.  It told me you were making a nest in the trees branches.  When I asked why I was there the tree didn’t know but it said I had unrecognised gifts.” Fana listened intently to the girl whilst slowly eating some small nuts and berries.  “Well it sounds to me like you have met a tree spirit.  You are a very lucky girl to meet one let alone have one let you in and talk to you.  We will have yet more questions for the Wise Ones tomorrow.  It will be getting dark soon girls, and I want a very early start in the morning, so let us get settled in our beds and have a good night’s sleep.”    
Fana showed the child a very comfortable looking nest of blankets and pillows set near the trunk of the tree with Fawn next to her.  As she made herself comfortable in amongst the blankets she wondered how Fana could have carried all this in her satchel.  Snuggling down into the softness of the blankets and pillows it did not take long for the girl to fall into a deep sleep.  She began to dream that she was inside the tree again and this time the spirit of the tree sat in the room on the floor.  He had skin which looked like tree bark, his hair and beard were long and also the colour of bark.  His eyes were a deep brown with a gentle look about them.  He sat and waited patiently for her to sit opposite him.  “I am the spirit of this tree, child.  I wish to get to know you a little better.  You are different for the others.  Where are you from?”  “I am pleased to meet you, Yaaraer.  I am from the human realm.  Why do you say I am different?” asked the child “Yaaraer, ancient one, mmmm you have learnt our language well.  The human realm you say.  Well I can see through the glamour that has been placed on you.  You are not what they think you are.  Do you know who you are sweetling?” “No sir, I am becoming more and more confused.  Why are they taking me to meet the Wise Ones?  What answers can they possibly have about me?” answered the girl.  The tree spirit smiled at that and nodded understanding “They only want what is best for you and regretfully they believe that the less they tell you the better off you are.  They believe because you are but a child that they are protecting you.  I can understand why they are doing this and I can also understand your frustrations little one.” Feeling a little braver the girl asks “Then could you tell me what it is they are protecting me from?” “No sweetling I cannot because I do not know for certain and I cannot with a clear conscience guess at what it is.  I do know that you belong in both realms and that you have many things yet to discover about your heritage, your family.” With a gentle smile the tree spirit touched the girls face with fingers that looked like wood but were very soft and gentle “I am called Lithonion.  If you have the need for calm, just call my name and I will provide the peace you crave. Now sleep my child and all your questions will be answered in due time.”  With those words the child found herself waking up to birds singing and the sun rising, yawning and stretching she sat up and looked around.  Fana and Fawn were awake and preparing food to breakfast “Ah sweetling, good, I was about to wake you up.  Here, have some nice cool water to drink and fruit to eat.  Did you sleep well little one?” taking the cup and bowl off Fana the girl nodded “Yes thank you I slept well.  I had a dream that I was talking to the tree spirit.  He was very nice.” Fawn looked up in surprise “You did what?  You dreamt about the tree spirit, do you mean the spirit in THIS tree?”  “Yes this tree.  And we had a lovely conversation.” answered the child and taking a large bite out of a lovely peace of sweet summer meat fruit.  Fana came and sat down to listen to what the girls were talking about “So the spirit in this tree spoke to you twice.  You are a very lucky girl to have been honoured in such a way and twice at that.  I wonder what it means.  What did you talk about?” “He wanted to know where I was from and told me that I belonged in both realms.” answered the child around a mouthful of fruit.  “Well that is all very interesting and I have to do much thinking.  Let us pack up and clean up so we can get going.  We will be with the Wise Ones by mid-day.” With that comment Fana got up and began folding blankets and placing them in her satchel while the girls cleaned the plates and cups they used in the stream and brought them back for Fana to put away.  They set of shortly after that.              





Preparations 
They arrived a little after noon in the meadow where the Wise Ones lived.  Fawn and Dagmar set up their camp under an ancient oak tree while Fana went to see the Wise Ones.  When Fana returned she informed the girls that they will be sharing the evening meal with the Wise Ones and then told the girls to go and explore while she prepared a noon day meal for them all.  The girls did not have to be told twice and skipped off to explore their new surroundings.  Fawn wanted to go to the stream and watch for fish, Dagmar felt uncomfortable with that because it reminded how she thought Moonbeam was a fish and all the trouble THAT caused.  They decided to walk amongst the trees and find flowers to make into gifts for the Wise Ones.   They found some beautiful white flowers with the centre of it having dark pink colouring and it gave of a gentle mint smell.  The next flowers they found were a dark pink with six very large individual petals and the core was an even darker pink with very dark pollen covered stamen.  They smelled similar to roses.  Wandering along with many beautiful blooms in their arms the girl then spotted very small and delicate.  It was yellow with elongated slender petals which looked like fingers and had a blood red stained curved like a cup and had a red central stripe and a gentle smell that neither girl could identify.  
As the girls returned to their camp they noticed that fan had been very busy.  The first thing they saw was a large dome shaped tent which was made of many rich colourful strips of material sewn together.  As the girls stepped inside, the girl was stunned at the amount of space inside, belying its size from the outside.  Fana was busy making their beds and sorting out their finest clothing for their meeting with the Wise Ones.  Looking up as the girls entered the tent saw the amazed look on the girls face “Ah you have returned.  What did you find?” The girls proudly showed her the flowers they had gathered, gently placing spreading them out on a small folding table that had a lovely white cloth on it.  The deep green leaves attached to the individual flowers created a beautiful contrast to the magnificent colours of the flowers.  Fana was very impressed and left the girls to put the bouquet together whilst she set out their mid-day meal.
After finishing their meal Fana told the girls they had to have a bath and wash their hair, in the stream.  “But mother, it will be freezing in there!” protested Fawn. “It won’t be as cold as you think sweetling, especially if you bathe just over there where the water is shallow and pooling in the sun.  You will have to help each other and not dawdle.” instructed Fana patiently.  The girl listened to the exchange with amusement and began gathering what she thought was needed for their bath.  Fawn was not happy about the whole idea but began helping Dagmar to get what they needed together and then led the way to the stream.
Fawn decided to wade in and wash first with the child helping her wash her hair and then once she was done, she was going to help Dagmar in the same way.  After much splashing and laughter two wet but clean girls returned to camp and Fana began supervising the drying and dressing of body and hair.  Fawn had a beautiful gold brown dress which ended mid-calf and lovely brown soft leather boots that were laced to the leg with gold straps.  Her hair was brushed until it was shining with rusty gold high lights and then braided with small yellow and red flowers that looked as if they were dried.  Fana then turned her attention to Dagmar who had already dressed in her white skirt that when she inspected it more closely was embroidered with tiny white and cream beads in intricate patterns.  The shirt was also embroidered and made of  the softest material the girl had ever felt.  The sleeves were long and puffy with ribbons at the wrist to tie them in place for warmer weather above the elbow and in cooler weather to be tied at the wrist.  The shoes were more like slippers which were tied to the leg with long white ribbons and were made out of bleached white leather that was a lot tougher then it looked.  Fana inspected the child and not happy with the way the shirt sat, went to her satchel and rummaged around until she found a woven belt of green with beads worked in to look like flowers and leaves.  Placing it around the girls’ waist over the shirt which was untucked, adjusting it so that it sat just right, to complete the outfit.  Then Fana set to work on the golden ringlets which adorned Dagmars head,  using a brush and comb to untangle it and then separate it into small bunches and began braiding with white and green ribbon woven in.  Fawn found a few blue flowers and tucked the into the girls braid to add more colour.  Fana was already dressed in a brown long dress which changed colour from brown to green when she moved.  Her hair was also in a braid with yellow flowers placed in the braid.  Without much ado Fana picked up her leather satchel and they set off to the home of the Wise Ones.







Wise Ones
They walked through the ancient forest until they came to a clearing with many flowers.  As Dagmar surveyed her surroundings she realised that the flowers were actually growing in circles and other geometric shapes, all over the clearing.  Fana led the way to a large hedge and through a well concealed entrance as they arrived at the home of the Wise Ones.  The two girls stared around in utter amazement at the little house and neat little garden.  As they followed Fana along the winding path which led past neat beds of assorted vegetables edged with pretty flowers.  The girls were enchanted with the sheer beauty of the garden and it reminded Dagmar of her grandparents’ garden.  
As they neared the house a lovely voice could be heard, following the path they found the source of the singing.  A very pretty lady, wearing a large straw hat, which hid most of her face.  Fana called out “Merry Meet gentle mother” looking up from her task she responded “Merry Meet daughter.  How was your journey?” “We had an uneventful journey thank the Goddess.” answered Fana.  The girls stood by quietly, looking around not wanting to draw attention to themselves.  “Merry Meet daughters.  Come children, let us go inside and I will make us some refreshments.” said the lady as she stood and dusted her hands on her long brown apron, tied around her small waist.  She was a tall, slender woman with long silver hair tied in a simple braid that went well past her lower back.
Following the woman, who walked in a graceful and regal manner leading the way.  As they approached the house Dagmar saw that it was a small hut made of logs and had a thatch roof.  It was a pretty little place with windows that had flowers growing on the sill.  The hut looked very small and homely, the girl wondered how they were all to fit into it.  As they walked around the corner a gentleman was just stepping out of the door, smiling in greeting saying “Merry Meet daughters of the forest.  Welcome to Rhiannon and my home.  Enter and be at peace.” He stood back to let them enter as he beamed at every single one as they walked past him and then gave the lady a big kiss on the cheek as she entered.  Smiling broadly he reached out and took Fana into his arms and hugged her closely “How have you been my daughter?  I know we only saw each other a few days ago but many things happen in shorted time spans.” “I am well Falcon.  Everything is as it should be.  I am just so happy to be with you both.” Smiling up at Falcon and returning the hug.  He then reached out and took Fawn into his loving embrace “Merry Meet sweetling Fawn.  I am ever so happy to see you.” Embracing him back Fawn replied “Merry Meet gentle father, I am very happy to be here and to meet you.”  Releasing Fawn, he then turned his attention to Dagmar, smiling broadly he opened his arms with the girl willingly walking into them for a loving embrace “Merry Meet precious sweetling.  I sense much beauty and gentleness about you.  There is much we need to discuss later about your gifting time.” “Merry Meet gentle father” replied the girl copying the responses of Fana and fawn, unable to work out what he meant.  “Let us have some refreshments and we can talk then Falcon.  Come daughters, there is a wonderful part of my garden you have not seen and it is the prettiest little patch.” Guiding the small group through a hallway and then several large rooms, which had the two girls look at each other in utter amazement considering they  saw the outside of the building at it was very small.  They reached a large opening that led into an area where the grass was the greenest and most lush that any of them had ever seen, in the centre was a large mushroom that served as a table and around it were several smaller mushrooms that were the seats.  Roses were growing along three walls of such a brilliant display of colours with their scent wafting gently on the breeze.  
Walking directly to the mushroom table Rhiannon indicated that they should make themselves comfortable. She turned towards the house again only to meet Falcon half way and she took some of his burdens off his hands and followed him back to the small group. Falcon had a tray laden with plates and bowls as well as tulip shaped cups and Rhiannon followed with a large jug, they placed everything on the table and sat down. “Now then who is thirsty?” asked Rhiannon in a bright voice, as she filled cups “Firstly though,” she said “let us give thanks to Our Mother Gaya for providing us with this food so that we can nourish and protect Her!  Now then, I am sure you are all thirsty as well as hungry.  What do we have to offer Falcon?” she asked the man “Oh my darling we have fruits and nuts and bread rolls.  We also have cheese, honey and some of that deliciously sweet berry spread you have made.  Help your selves my daughters and don’t be shy,” he said with a chuckle looking at the two girls who were hungrily looking at the food on offer.  Without hesitation both girls reached for bread rolls and the berry spread Falcon had mentioned, Fana was a little more reserved and took some bread and cheese to begin the meal with.  Thoroughly enjoying the taste of the spread the girls had a second helping before reaching for some fruit and having a big drink of pure rain water.  Having consumed their food in silence and with their bodies replenished with nourishment, they all relaxed.
Rhiannon turned to Fana and asked “I know you have come to get advice about your sweetling and I also sense many gifts in this child, what can we do for you?” “Gentle Mother, when we found the child she was near drowned and then she took a bad fever.  She was incoherent.  As she became well some of us noticed things about her, which are not bad” glancing at Dagmar to make sure she understood “she told us how she came to be here and I know that Queen Titania had been searching and had also gone beyond the curtain to speak to her grandparents.  I can feel that her gifting is close and am wondering if you would help me guide her.  I need your wisdom because as you have already said there are many gifts I can also sense.” She continued to explain.   Fawn and Dagmar sat quietly and listened intently to Fana and Rhiannon’s conversation whilst Falcon sat back and observed the girls closely.
Rhiannon sat in deep thought for a short while and then turned to the girl “Dagmar, my daughter could you come over here please.” obediently the girl got up and walked around the mushroom table sn stood on front of the woman.  Rhiannon stood up and placed her long slender fingers gently on either side of Dagmars face and closed her eyes, humming and gently swaying from side to side.  As she slowly opened her eyes again she smiled “Well you ARE a little bundle of surprises my sweet.  I sense many gifts in you.  Tell me sweetling, have you ever had injured animals come to you for aid?” she asked the girl.  With a shocked look on her face Dagmar nodded “and have you touched someone and they felt much better afterwards?” again the girl nodded “Yes gentle mother, my Oma has joint pain in the colder seasons and she asks me to put my hands over hers to ease the ache.  She calls my hands healing hands and I always find animal friends when I go and play in the woods.” she explained.  Falcon then said “Sweetling your gifting will be upon you within the next day.  It will be a time of changes and joy.  We will guide you through this time if you trust us.” everyone looked at Falcon in surprise.  “Where did THAT come from my love?” asked Rhiannon.  Looking a little perplexed Falcon shook his head as if to clear it “I have NO idea my love.  I was not in control.” he replied still looking very perplexed by what had just occurred.  All sat deep in thought for a short while “Who spoke through you?  The last time this happened was well over a thousand years ago.  By the Gods, THIS child is very important indeed!” said Rhiannon in amazement still holding Dagmars face gently between her fingers, dropping them as if embarrassed.  “What do you mean?  Me important.” asked the girl looking at Falcon and Rhiannon alternatively trying to make sense of what had just happened.  “Tonight we cast a circle!” said Rhiannon in a determined voice.  Fana got up and said “We had better go and pack up our camp since we will not be getting back there this evening.  Come girls we will go and do that now.” ushering he girls before her when Rhiannon stopped her “Do not worry yourself dear daughter.  You possessions have all arrived with the help of some of my little friends.  They are already waiting in the guest room, come and I will show you.” leading the way inside she walked down another corridor which the girls did not see when they arrived.  Walking a short distance, they came to a set of double doors, reaching for the handles Rhiannon threw open the doors and walked in.  “Here we are my precious daughters.  Fana, I thought you may like a little privacy so I think this bed would suit you.” indicating a lovely four post bed with gossamer curtains in a concealed alcove.  “Oh gentle mother it is absolutely lovely!” exclaimed Fana looking with delight at the small niche.  Turning to the girls Rhiannon smiled and said “I believe you two enjoy spending time talking, so with that in mind I think that one large bed would suffice for you.” she led the girls to the farthest part of the room, which seemed a lot larger then it first looked, and there the girls saw a massive four post bed with sheer rainbow coloured curtains.  “Go on girls try it out!” said the woman with a smile.  
The girls walked over to the bed and climbed on.  Closing the curtain around them the first thing they noticed was the absolute silence.  They saw the woman’s lips move but could not hear a thing.  Fawn ducked her head out from behind the curtain saying apologetically “Gentle Mother we could not hear a word you were saying.” upon hearing that Rhiannon burst out laughing “That my sweetlings is because that curtain contains all sound and keeps all sound out as well.  Sound proof curtains, so to say.  You will be able to chat and chat and not disturb dear Fana.” replied the woman still chuckling.  The girls looked at each other and grinned.  Jumping off the bed they ran over the Rhiannon “Thank you gentle mother.” they said in unison as she reached out and gave them both a warm loving hug.   “You are more than welcome my sweet daughters.” she replied smiling lovingly at them.  She then turned and walked to the door, as she reached the door she turned saying “Rest and unpack my darling daughters and we will see you a little later to begin preparations for our precious Dagmars gifting.” turning back to the door she walked through, closing it behind her.
Fana and the girls gathered where their possessions were piled on a small table, reaching for their individual satchels and baskets they proceeded to go and unpack what they needed for the night.  Each wrapped in her own thoughts, Dagmar broke the silence by asking no one in particular “What did they mean by gifting?”  Fana stepped into sight and walked over to where the girl was standing.  “We all have certain gifts.  Remember clove from the village?  She has a gift when it comes to making containers of all kinds which near on ALWAYS find their true owner.  Lavander and herb incredible understanding of herbs and we all have some minor ability to heal and commune with the plants and trees or with the birds and fish depending where a person is born.  Does that make sense sweetling?” “Um in a way Fana.  Let me see if I can explain it my way back to you.  Opa has a gift for tracking animals and communicating with them he also is at one with plants and trees.  Oma is gifted with healing and herb knowledge.  Is that what you mean?”  “Yes sweetling exactly.  You are very clever.  From what Falcon said you have a combination of your grandparent’s gifts as well as one or two of your own.  We shall see this evening when we cast the circle.  Now unpack and rest because tonight will be long.  Since you are already dressed for the ceremony we don’t have to worry about those little things, just rest and if you can have a little sleep.”  Suggested Fana as she turned to go to her niche and rest for a while.
Dusk had fallen and the rooms were in a gentle murky light when Rhiannon and Falcon came to get Fana and the girls.  Falcon dressed in deep green shirt and pants with bare feet and a cloak made of very large feathers.  His bushy white hair combed and his bushy beard made into small braids with beads on the end, jingling and rattling as he moved his head and spoke “Arise sweet daughters for it is time for the gifting.”  Rhiannon wore a midnight blue long dress synced at the waist with a silver cord and a cloak with a very wide hood made of the deepest black that shimmered green and blue and purple as she moved.  Her white hair was undone and flowing around her shoulders down to her knees as a living cloak, holding a tall staff made of ancient oak inscribed with runes and topped with a large tear shaped amethyst crystal.  The small group had been ready for a while having all awoken a short time ago and freshened up to be ready when called.
They walked in single file with Falcon leading and then Fana, fawn, Dagmar and Rhiannon at the end, down the passage out into the evening twilight and walked a little way until they reached a line of trees.  Producing from somewhere within the folds of his cloak Falcon produced several unlit torches.  He handed one to Fana and the other to Rhiannon, with a word and a gesture all three torches were a flame with a merry little fire catching hold to create light by which to walk.  Then, this time Rhiannon took the lead and then Fawn, Fana, Dagmar and Falcon as rear guard, walked through the tree line which was about five to six trees deep and they came to a sheltered grove with large boulders the size of houses creating a natural barrier in a semicircular shape.  













The Gifting
Rhiannon produced four large white candles from within her small cloth pouch, handing one to Fana, Fawn, Dagmar and Falcon, who then went and stood automatically at the four compass points.  Fana at north which was the earth, Fawn at the south which was fire, Falcon stood at east which was for air and Dagmar was at the west which stood for water.  Walking in a circle behind them with a besom casting the circle walking from north to south then east and then west stopping at each as she called down the element of that compass point to protect all those within, after each corner was called, with a single gesture by Rhiannon the candle was lit.  
Stepping into the centre Rhiannon threw back the hood of her cloak, which until now had been obscuring her face and hair.  Looking radiant and having a shimmer swirling around her whole being she laid the staff reverently onto the ground and raised her hands saying….
“Hail Mighty Mother
Your children gather within this sacred grove
To bring to you
A new daughter, ready for Your gifting.
We ask you to walk among us
In this our sacred circle
To anoint and gift this daughter
So she can better protect and nurture
Our Great Mother Gaya.
We ask that you come and be amongst us
Accept your daughter into your service
To honour and serve
In perfect love and perfect trust.”

She stood for a moment not moving, hands raised high above her head, then ever so slowly she lowered her arms and looked about.  Her face had not changed as such but there was a subtle difference and her hair which was white now had a green and brown tinge to it.   “My children, I thank you for inviting me, I thank you Rhiannon, for permitting me to use you as a vessel, my most beloved daughter.  Come forward my daughter and let me greet you.” stepping forward timidly Dagmar looked into the woman’s eyes she swore she saw two souls looking kindly at her.  Holding out her hand of the vessel Rhiannon awaiting the girl in the centre of the circle.  As Dagmar approached timidly and reached out to touch the hand of Rhiannon she felt a tingle as she touched the woman’s fingers.  Grasping the girls hand in a strong grip the woman closed her eyes “You have many gifts my daughter.  You have the gift of communicating with animals, plants and trees.  You have also the gift of direction and the healing touch which is very strong.  You are empathic with many creatures human, animal and fae.  Child you have many gifts in you and I am also going to gift you with the gift of sight.  This gift is so you can always see beyond the curtain and through enchantments.” She then pulled the girl to her breast and gave her a hug and then kissed the top of her head, this kiss sent a lightning bolt through Dagmars being, from head to toe.
The woman then stepped away from the girl and returned to the centre and the girl turned and walked back to her place in the circle.  Rhiannon raised her arms and a change came over her that was startling and also very visual.  A golden aura rose from the woman’s shoulders and head drifted up in a solid column to then take on the shape of a woman momentarily and then vanished.   Rhiannon seemed to slump into herself for a moment but then she gathered herself and stood up straight and proud.  Looking in to the eyes of every member of the circle as she slowly turned on her heel in a circle.  Holding her arms bent at the elbow with palms facing up Rhiannon called….
 “Great Mother we thank you for your presence within our circle.
We ask you to bless and protect your newly gifted daughter.
Leave this circle knowing that you are always welcome here.”
She walked widdershins and closed the circle blowing out candles and using her besom to open the circle and let energies escape.  Turning to the group with a radiant smile on her face Rhiannon said “This was the most amazing gifting I have ever had the honour of attending.  Let us go and celebrate this wondrous occasion and we can explain what needs explaining.  Come my children let us rejoice in her unconditional love and feast on her bounty.”
As they broke the circle and began walking back to the house Dagmar felt different.  She felt as if she had weightlessness in her step and she could see and hear much more clearly as well.  Everything looked bright and surrounded with very bright auras which dazzled the girls eyes and she nearly stumbled. Fawn caught her by the elbow and then in a kindly manner slipped her arm around Dagmar’s shoulders, hugging her gently to her side the older girl led the younger one to the house.  As the girl looked around she saw that everyone seemed a little tired yet very excited and all were glowing from a source within.  She stared around the room and everything was dazzling her eyes “Why is everything glowing and very bright?”  Dagmar asked, Falcon walked over to her and took her hand saying “Sweetling.  All the gifts you had been carrying in side have now been let out.  Sort of like having birds in a cage, you open the door and they fly out.  The door to your gifts has been opened and now we will teach you how to keep them under control so that they do not get in the way of everyday life as empathy for all would.“ Walking to a large table with high backed chairs around it and laden with all kinds of foods and drinks he pulled out a chair and gently pushed the girl into it.  Fawn having stayed by Dagmar’s side through all this sat down next to her, watching her friends face and searching her eyes, for what she did not know.  Fana broke the spell by handing the girl a cup of water saying “This, my sweetling is what happens when the doors to your gifts are opened and why I wanted the Wise Ones with us when the gifts came to you.  Even if we had not held the ritual you would have had it happen today. You would have had a vivid dream with a woman talking to you and if you are lucky you remember what she said.  Between all of us I think we will be able to instruct you on how to use the gifts and how to make a buffer around you so that the gifts do not interfere with YOUR life.  Empathy with all creatures and trees is the main one which we will have to work on.  Do you understand what empathic is my precious?” “No Fana I have no idea.” “It is a gift of being able to share another beings feeling.  That may be a good thing to some extent but you could pick up on all the feelings of every individual within a twenty pace radius.  The feelings of fear, sadness, anger, joy, and so on will bombard you from all directions.  I have an idea!  Just sit there quietly and let yourself feel.  There I can see it on your face you are already picking up on our feelings.  What is the impression you are getting?” asked Fana gently.  Dagmar closed her eyes and concentrated “I feel someone is feeling anxious and a little worried and they have a silver aura. I can feel air, lots of air as if I am flying and it feels wonderful.” Dagmar opened her eyes and looked at Fana “What does all that mean Fana?” “Well sweetling you were picking up on feelings and thoughts.  I think I know who gave you the flying experience but I am not sure who belongs to the silver aura.  I do not have the sight so cannot see auras not through enchantments.” explained Fana.  Rhiannon stepped forward chuckling a little and shaking her head “You have a VERY strong gift my daughter.  You felt my concern and anxiety which seemed to be stronger then the joy I feel for the wonderful gifts you have and the gift YOU are to us and yes my aura is silver.  I will teach you how to see them and how to ignore them as well.  Falcon you cheeky man, you shared a memory with our precious daughter.” Looking at Falcon whilst speaking, with a cheeky twinkle in her eyes Rhiannon graciously gave the floor to him.  Stepping in to what now seemed the centre of a circle which surrounded the girl.  “My question is, did you enjoy the experience sweetling?  I ask because that was in a way a test and I see you passed it with flying colours.  You have a very strong empathic gift as well as communication gift otherwise you would not have been able to fly with the falcon as you did.  You felt his joy at flying, the freedom he feels and the exhilaration he experiences.  We all have knowledge to share with you and you have much to learn.  I hope that you will enjoy this phase you’re your maturing because this is THE most exciting time for any child who has gifts.” He stooped and gave Dagmar a kiss on the cheek and went to sit at the table and help himself to some food.  Rhiannon went to take his place near the girl and just stood looking at her, reached out and gently stroked her right cheek then the left and then she closed her eyes and with both hands reached out and gently touched every part of Dagmars face.  After a short while she placed her left hand on Dagmars heart and her right on her forehead, a sudden bright flash of light pulsed from Rhiannons hand and into the girl.  The girls’ eyes were wide open during this whole process and she knew she had not imagined any of what had just happened.  The bright light felt good in her body and she welcomed it.
Rhiannon stepped away from the girl “I hope that what I have just given you will help you buffer your gifts.  It is a shield that you can call up at will and you can adjust it so you can have dim awareness or no awareness.  We will work on that tomorrow.  That was another gift from the Great Mother that she shared with me before leaving us this evening.  She sees you as a very special being and I can understand why she would think that.  You have very powerful gifts which have now been awakened and your life path leads you to a destiny of massive proportions.  I don’t know details just that you are indeed very precious my darling daughter.” After saying that she turned and went to sit next to Falcon who held out his hand to her for which she reached with a gentle smile playing around her lips.  No more was said and they all began to eat.
After they had sated their hunger, yawns began to escape the girls mouths and Fana began to shepherd them to their room telling Rhiannon and Falcon she would be back soon and they can talk a while.  Walking the tired girls to their room and getting them changed into night dresses and into bed took no time at all.  Fana kissed both girls on the cheeks the forehead and then the lips and bade them sweet dreams. She walked out the door softly closing it behind her.  As she arrived back where she had last seen Rhiannon and Falcon she saw that the large table had been replaced with a much smaller version with low soft couches arranged around it, within easy reach of all.  Falcon was just finishing adjustments of the pillows on his couch as Fana entered.  Rhiannon was already reclining on her couch looking very relaxed with her eyes half shut and head resting gently on a round pillow.  As Fana sat, she opened her eyes and looked directly into Fanas “Where has this beautiful child come from Fana?  She is SO gifted.  How did she end up in the human realm?  Who are her parents?” she asked.  “From what I gather she has grandparents who have raised her the old way.  Her mother died giving birth to her.  I can see elven and fae blood in her.  She has the gift of tracking and direction which is predominant in elves.  The gift to communicating and having empathy with trees and plants is a dryad gift especially with the strength she seems to have.” Falcon sat down and shook his head “There is something so very familiar about that childs face and aura.  I know her family but I cannot put faces or names to them.  What has Titania been doing about all this, since I heard that Niamh found the child in the first place.  How DID she manage to step through the curtain, only those of true fae blood can pass through.  We must discover her family tree and soon.  Tomorrow we will all take turns teaching Dagmar how to use her gifts and how to buffer herself from them.  I for one am becoming tired and will now bid you good night.  I am planning on letting my falcon half go flying maybe we can find her family tree this way.  Bright Blessings my lovelies.” As he stood and turned to leave he blew each of them a kiss accompanied with a cheeky smile.
Rhiannon laid her head back on the round pillow and let her mind float free, Fana did likewise enjoying the companionable silence.  Both sat up at the same time startled at the others sudden movement.  “I have just had a thought Fana.  I have heard that Titania has been absolutely devastated by the girls disappearance.  Could this be the child whose mother fell in love with a certain elven price?  It has been told by story tellers at festivals and feasts for a long time.  No name has ever been given that tale.” “I know which tale you speak of and yes there are coincidents at every twist but we do not know if who you are thinking of and her elf ever had a child.  We do not know if they are still alive.  I have heard of many who have chosen live in the human realm with human neighbours and human looks. I have never been there but I hear it is not so different from here apart from the weather and the cold.”  said Rhiannon.  Fana had listened intently and after some careful thought had to agree that there was a mystery here to be solved.  She had hear of the story, it was a sad story where there were twins born and one was taken and brought to the fae realm and the other left with relatives of the mother who had also taken up residence in the human realm many seasons before.  Every story has a grain of truth in it, so she had always been told as a child, Fana wondered if Titanias missing daughter and granddaughter were all part of this tale.  “Rhiannon do you remember when Titanias granddaughter went missing, oh about 150 cycles ago?  Tittianna and Titania were absolutely beside themselves. Then it was discovered that the elven prince Walker was also missing, all the romantics immediately suggested that the two had run away together.  Could it be that the romantics were very close to the mark?”
Rhiannon looked at Fana and smiled, “yes daughter I do and I was one of the romantics who had the two elope.  I had been thinking similar thoughts and was also thinking that this may be the twin left behind.  I am wondering where the other twin has been hiding because their gift will also have come upon them this night.  I hope that there are teachers to help the child if our little precious is anything to go by.” She said with a chuckle to the younger woman as she got up and stretched “I will be off to bed now daughter and I will see you in the morrow when the Father yet again smiles upon us.  Maybe we will have inspirational dreams that will help us with the task ahead.  Sweet dreams my daughter.” “Sweet and blessed dreams to you also gentle mother.” Replied Fana and they both parted at the door with a hug and kiss on the cheek, one heading to the room shared with two girls and the other to the room shared with her husband of many hundred cycles.  
Learning the gifts
The girls woke up at the same time and both stretched like big cats.  They climbed out of bed on their respective sides and began looking for a place where they could do their morning ablutions.  Spotting a hidden door Fawn triumphantly marched in and shut the door firmly.  After both had cleaned themselves up and dressed in clothing found in their closets, Fawn had a lovely cream dress which had a wide skirt and ended at the ankle.  It was gathered at the waist and had large puffy sleeves which could be adjusted for the wearers comfort; Dagmar had an identical dress in very pale blue.  They helped each other combing and braiding their hair, both avoiding talking about what had happened the previous evening.  When they had finished they quietly left the room and tip toed on bare feet down the passage and then out the large doors leading to the grove.  It was a glorious morning and everything felt right.  The girls looked about and saw a small table with bowls of food and a jug of cool water, feeling their tummies rumble gently they burst out giggling and race each other to the table.  
They were sitting in the sun eating some fruit when Fawn could not help herself any longer.  “Dagmar, what do YOU think of the gifts which have now been opened?  Do you feel any different? My gifting was a quiet affair with mother, Slate, Clove and Lavander there to guide me, I have the gift of empathy and communication with trees and certain bushes.  My buffer is very simple a piece of bark and a small twig in this leather pouch that hangs around my neck stops me from hearing their constant chatter and feeling their feelings.  Don’t worry too much about it, there are lots of ways of having things buffered and I am sure with the Wise Ones helping it will be easy” trying to sound certain to reassure her friend Fawn was nodding her head as if to emphasise the fact.
Falcon with a large bird resting on his left forearm and Rhiannon with a black bird on her shoulder and a black cat keeping up with her, walked in just in time to see Fawn nodding her head.  “Good Morning, my darlings.  Did you sleep well?” called Falcon as he and Rhiannon made their way to them.  Rhiannon was wearing a simple long flowing deep blue dress with a white long sleeveless vest over the top and bare feet and Falcon was also wearing a long robe, but his was green and a brown long vest over it.  Rhiannons hair was unbound and falling like a long cape over her shoulders and swaying at her knees and falcons long hair was also unbound which meant it was a shaggy mess as was his beard.  As the pair reached the table, Fana walked through the door also wearing a simple long dress that was a warm brown and a green long vest over the top, also bare footed.  
“Good Morning to all!” called Fana as she approached the table “I see lovely food to break my fast with and my tummy is telling me it needs feeding soon” she laughed out loud.  “Well then let us give thanks to Our Mother Gaya who has provided us with this food so that we can nurture and protect her.  I am ravenously hungry this morning.  Ahh, nothing like a good gifting to get the blood pumping.” Commented Falcon with a chuckle rubbing his hands together surveying what was on offer, picked up a plate and began to pile slices of bread with cheese and some large slices of fruit and then sat down next to Dagmar.  “I see you have already broken your fast sweetlings. Are you both rested?  We have a lot of work ahead of us today, especially you little precious one” he said, looking directly at Dagmar.  The girl looked down at her hands in embarrassment, blushing slightly for being the centre of attention.  “Yes gentle father, I am.  I just wish that this were not happening.  I honestly don’t like being the centre of attention; it makes me feel VERY uncomfortable.  I want to learn and be able to control these gifts.  I now understand why I thought I heard my name called when I was watching rabbits and they were sitting there looking right at me, no fear at all.  I also feel uncomfortable that you all see as a precious thing now.” She replied still looking at her hands which were on her lap under the table with a small tremble in her voice.  “Oh sweetling EVERY one of our children is precious.  You have some incredible gifts and being that you have come from the human realm we are wondering how this all came to be.  You have powerful gifts which also make us be a little more protective over you.  I am sorry if we have made you feel uncomfortable darling, which was NEVER our intention.” replied Falcon.
Fana and Rhiannon soon had plates in front of them and were sitting at the table.  Concern etched into her face Fana looked at the girl “The last thing any of us want is for you to feel uncomfortable and unhappy.  I can assure you of that!  It all sounds much more complicated than it actually is.  We will teach you ways of using your gifts and buffering them.  You will more than likely find your own way of buffering using bits from all our teaching.” she said, gently reaching out and touching the girls hand.  They were all quiet after that statement eating their food and deep in thought.  Rhiannon broke the silence “Well Dagmar, how would you like to proceed?  These are your gifts and you are the one who has to now adjust to live with them.  I cannot speak for the others but I will be happy to help when you want and not push anything at you.  You in return must promise me that you will talk to us about your discoveries so that we can help you understand them.  All gifts have different strengths and weaknesses, not one gift is the same in two individuals.” As she finished speaking Rhiannon looked around the rest of the group and saw all heads nodding ascent.  
After the meal Fawn and Dagmar went for a walk in the forest and the girl sat down asking “How do you know when your gift is working?  Do you hear voices or feel feelings?” “Well for me it’s a feeling…..ummm…Oh I know!  When a tree is not well and I am standing near it I may get a bad tummy ache or just generally feel unwell.  I then have to work our out if it is me or one of the trees or shrubs.  Sometimes they give me clues, such as having an earthy taste in my mouth, you know like soil, or I smell soil.  Does that make sense?” slowly the girl nodded her head “Yes it sort of does make sense Fawn.  I can taste soil and smell it right now.  Does that mean the trees want to communicate with me?” asked Dagmar as a look of excitement crept into her eyes. “Yes I think so.  Now all you do is let your feeling go, relax and let them guide you to them.  They are usually very gentle!” answered Fawn.  
And with those words of advice the girl relaxed and let the tree take her to it ‘Ahhh young one, Merry Meet, we are so glad your gift has been opened. You have such a strong white light about you we were itching to talk to you.  You have much gentleness about you that is good.  To stop us from intruding take a little back from our trunks.  Keep them in a leather pouch near your skin and hold it in your hand when you wish to commune.  Merry Part sweet child may our branches brush again soon’ and with that Dagmar felt herself be gently released from the grip of the tree.  Fawn was standing very close to her friend with concern written all over her young face “Are you alright?  We were talking and then you went a still as a statue and then you nearly buckled at the knees.  Did you talk to the trees?” “Yes I think I did Fawn.  A very kind and gentle tree.  I have no idea if it was a male or female and it referred to itself as ‘We’, I was also given a way to buffer them, the tree told me what to do.” Dagmar stood up and walked over to one of the ancient trees and pulled a small piece of bark off the trunk.  She held it in her fist against her chest and smiled “It DOES work.  I cannot hear them.” The girl looked at Fawn and smiled; they turned and began walking back to the house slowly.
Fana and Rhiannon were quietly reading in the shade of a large tree as the girls entered the enclosed garden.  Both looked up as the girls walked through the opening, seeing happy faces both women visibly relaxed.  The girls directed their path towards the women and sat down on the grass near them “Fana” began Dagmar “Would you happen to have a small leather pouch which I may have to keep some bark in and hang around my neck?” “I have no idea sweetling.  I will have a look when I next go to our room.” Replied Fana with Rhiannon saying “and if you can’t find one I most likely will have a few floating about” ”So we assume you have been out learning a little about your gifts? “asked Fana.  Both girls nodded with Fawn saying “Dagmar had a conversation with one of the ancient trees in the grove.   They gave her the knowledge how to buffer from them.” With that Dagmar opened her hand and showed a small piece of very dark bark resting in her palm.  
Fana did have a small pouch with a very long draw string and gave it to the girl who immediately placed the piece of bark inside, closed the pouch and then hung it around her neck.  As they all gathered for the mid-day meal there was a buzz of excitement surrounding the adults.  The girls were exchanging glances every now and again seeing the adults bubbling over with suppressed anticipation.  After the meal the adults immediately left and went inside to attend specific tasks.  
Dagmar and Fawn were left to their own devices for the afternoon, with only the instructions for the girls to please bathe and dress nicely for the evening meal.  With that in mind the girls decided to explore more of the ancient forest.  They walked in companionable silence for a long time and then they came to a small slow travelling stream.  They sat at the edge of the stream and put their feet in the water when Dagmar closed her eyes and began to feel her surroundings; she reached up and took the pouch from around her neck, immediately being bombarded by much chatter and many confusing emotions.  She put the cord back around her neck very quickly and let the pouch bounce off her chest.  Her face relaxed immediately and she enjoyed gently feeling what she wanted to feel, she was teaching herself to focus on what emotion or mumbled thought she wanted to follow.  Fawn sat quietly watching her friend covertly and then openly, she saw the flicker of concern and then after the girl had replaced the pouch, the relaxed almost exultant look on Dagmars face.
Their silent interlude was interrupted by “DAGMAR! FAWN!  Time to bathe and dress!”  and both girls jumped slightly with fright. Getting up slowly they began to make their way back to the house to have Fana fuss over them.  As they arrived in their room they saw two baths steaming, ready and waiting for them.   Both were shaped like water lilies with only four or five petals used and it stood on four small stems.  Fana had laid out clean clothing which neither girl, even from the distance they were glimpsing them from, remembered packing and a large towel awaiting their clean bodies.  With no further ado the girls undressed and began splashing and scrubbing, both having found that eth baths were deceptively deep and they were nearly up to their necks in soapy, bubbly water.  Fana gave Fawns hair a good scrub first and then turned her attentions on Dagmars hair, adding more soap and building the whole lot up into a high froth.  As she gave the girls back a scrub she saw some redness and peered a little closer and then dismissing it as a small rash from where she rubbed against something.    
Both girls had beautiful long gowns waiting for them on their sides of the massive bed.  Dagmar found a long dress that from the waist had many petal shaped material of different shades of gold, green and brown that reached to her ankles, with a very low back and sleeves which came to long points.  Fawns dress was the same style but in shades of green and brown.  Both let Fana administer the hair styling which was a very simple affair this evening, both girls had their hair undone and falling down their backs in rivers of gold down to just above the knees, as was in Dagmars case and masses black, gold and brown waves which swished way past Fawns bottom.  Fana then told them to stay put and rushed to her area and returned carrying two cream coloured cloaks with wide hoods.  Fana placed them reverently over the girls shoulders and then tied the cord which held them in place, she then stood back and sighed.  “Oh Girls!  You both look just so beautiful this evening.  There will be a special guest at our evening meal and I wanted you to look your absolute best.  Oh by the Goddess you girls are just so lovely.” She sighed again and went to get her own, it was dark brown long very light looking also cloak, with a very wide hood.  Fana then led the way to the garden where they have been having their meals since arriving.
Falcon was already there fussing over several birds which Dagmar now knew to be Falcons that had their own tree made of branches tied together in intervals up a very thick branch which was buried deeply in the ground for stability.  Sitting on a soft looking large chair Rhiannon sat with a black cat on her lap and a black bird with feathers on the wings and in the tail, a Magpie as the girl soon learnt, on her shoulder.  She looked up from giving the cat a big scratch up and down the cats back and gently nudged the cat off her lap.  Rhiannon smiled and waved to the trio as they entered, sitting with her was a tall man with long dark hair wearing soft brown leather pants and s deep forest green tunic with a large leather belt that had many small pouches hanging off it.  He had a tall staff leaning against the back of the chair, but still in easy reach, that had large different coloured gems stones imbedded in it as well as feathers and other things that had been tied on over the years.  
As they approached he stood and the girls found that they had to tilt their heads back slightly to look this man in the face.  Rhiannon made the introductions “Daughters, I would like you to meet Beriothien.  He has been travelling for a very long time and he has stopped by for a short visit.” “Merry Meet, Beriothien” the three said in unison.  The woman then continued “Beriothien, I would like you to meet my lovely daughters.  This is Fana Dryad of the Forest of Karnayna and her daughter Fawn and this is Dagmar our newest daughter who has just had her gifting not two nights ago.” announced Rhiannon proudly.  Falcon called them to the table announcing that some of the hot food will get cold if they didn’t sit down soon.  
They all moved towards the table sorting out who was sitting where, with Fawn and Dagmar choosing to sit together.  Falcon sat next to Fawn with Fana on the other side of him.  Next to Fana sat Rhiannon and next to her sat Beriothien, who nodded quietly in the girls’ direction.  Before the meal began Rhiannon said the prayer “From forest to stream; From mountain to filed; From the fertile Earth's nourishing yield; We now partake of divine energy; May it lend health, strength and love to us.  Blessed Be”.  The meal was a busy affair of passing bowls and plates from one side of the table to the other.  During the meal no conversation was held as such, only comments on the lovely food.  As they finished their meal and all had pushed their plates to the centre of the table conversation began amongst the adults.  Falcon turned to the stranger and asked “Tell me my son, when was the last time you came by for a visit?  I know it has been more than ninety cycles.” “Yes gentle father I came with my betrothed to have your blessing.  We stayed for a few days and celebrated winter solstice with you.  We then continued on our way.” replied the man.  Rhiannon was speaking with Fana, occasionally glancing in the direction of the girls. 
Then the stranger turned to the girls and asked “So which one of you two had the gifting?” “She did.” said Fawn as she pointed at her friend.  The stranger smiled at Fawn in thanks and then turned his attention to Dagmar “Tell me sweetling, what are your gifts?” “Umm, I am empathic and can communicate with trees, humans, animals and fae.  I also have a healing touch and trackers sense.” replied the girl with a shy smile.  “I also have the trackers sense.  It is very useful when in a very deep forest or in a deep mine shaft.  I can feel animals but I would not call it empathic.   That is the extent of my gifts. “smiled the man and his Indigo eyes met her sky blue ones, something similar to an electric charge leapt between them, they both blinked and looked away.  
After a short while they all began to move away from the table and sat around either on soft chairs or on the soft green grass.  The girls chose to sit at the feet of Falcon and the stranger as they were discussing if the best way to hunt was with bow and arrow or with falcon in the end conceding that depending on the hunt also depends on the weapon.  “Ah Beri, I miss seeing you.  I so enjoy our discussions.  We will have to get together and go on a hunt.” said Falcon with a large grin on his face.  “Gentle Father sent me a message when you wish to go hunting and it will find me within ten days.  I should be here within five to six days after that.  So send a message and expect me within sixteen days.  I have missed those times as well and would love to learn more about the old lore.” the girls became bored with the conversation and wandered off to sit under a large tree and simply chat about nothing of importance.  A short while later Fana called to the girls that they were to bid good night because they were leaving in the morning and had a long way to travel.  “But the village is not THAT far away?” said Fawn to her mother.  “I know sweetling.  No we are travelling to the palace to speak with Titania.”  Saying good night and a Merry Part to the stranger the girls headed of to their room and bed.       











Change
After having said farewell to Rhiannon and Falcon the trio made their way further into the ancient forest and then following a little stream.  All morning the girl had a nasty itch on her shoulder blades and she often reached back and scratched the offending area.  Finally Fana had had enough and asked to have a look where Dagmar had been scratching to make sure it was not something more serious than an annoying itch.  The shirt was lifted and to Fanas amazement there were two small wings growing right where the shoulder blades were.  Calling for a halt she inspected the tiny wings more closely and saw that they were growing right in front of her eyes, at a rapid pace.  “Oh dear!  My sweetling it seems you are growing into your wings!” gasping with alarm Fawn stared at her friends back.  Right in front of her eyes she was watching small wings growing out of the shoulder blade and gently tearing the skin to accommodate for the circumference of the base, as Fawn stood and stared the wings had grown a good two hand spans.  
Dagmar spun around and stood staring at Fana “I AM WHAT?” she screamed nearly hysterical.  She could only bear so much in one go and THIS was just too much.  “How can I grow wings?  That is just impossible.  But then again NOTHING is impossible in this place.  Oh what is going to happen NOW?” “We set up camp and wait it out sweetling.  It should have been obvious to me right away!  Since you have had your gifts opened there have been slight changes about you darling.  They have been subtle but I should have seen them.  I know you will ask what changes.  Fawn, you obviously have not seen, otherwise it would have all been explained and expected.  Fawn be a dear and get the mirror out of my bag.” Fawn began rummaging around the indicated bag while Dagmar reached behind and without much effort she touched one of the wings, snatching her hand back as if burnt. “It is alright sweetling, it would feel very strange for you.  Normally this happens when a child is in their first five years, well the ones who grow wings any way.  Some of us don’t grow wings.  Fawn will you get on with it please?!”.  Fawn triumphantly pulled out a large mirror and then found another smaller mirror attached by a chain to the bigger one.  “Here they are!” shouted Fawn as she jumped up and ran to her friends side.  Fana set the large mirror up in front of the girl and then stood with the smaller mirror in her hand ready to focus it.  Dagmar looked into the mirror and saw faint lines on the side of her face and as she looked closer she saw that they were spirals which all made a beautiful pattern on the side of her fore head and her cheek bone.  The lines were white and a little faint but could be seen more clearly the longer she looked at them.  Then she locked eyes with Fana and nodded her head.  She watched in wonder as Fana focused the mirror so it would reflect the wings clearly.  A small scream escaped the  girls’ throat as she saw the wings, now the length of a fore arm and still growing.  The itch was now bearable and as she wriggled her shoulder blades she saw her wings flutter, so she wriggled again and her little wings fluttered and tried to lift her of the ground. In wonder the girl stared at Fana and then caught her friends’ eye, who was also staring in disbelief.  “Well my darling it looks like we need to make adjustments to your wardrobe.” Smiled Fana reassuringly as she moved to prop the larger mirror against a tree so that Dagmar could look at her wings a while longer.  They had doubled in size during that small time frame and were becoming translucent as they grew, mesmerised by the sight, the girl wriggled her shoulders again and nearly lifted off the ground.   Suddenly a smile lit up her whole face “I think I can get used to this Fana.  They are such a lovely colour.  They look almost gold and look I think they have stopped growing.” Exclaimed the girl as she looked into the mirror and saw the tops of her wings peeping over the top of her delicate shoulders.  They were now about the length of an arm and were very delicately shaped.  As the girl flexed her shoulders the wings began to unfurl into not two as she expected but four separate wings, two on each side overlapping where they met at her back.  Fawn became very excited and let her own wings out, seeing her friends face was priceless for her, she rolled around the grass laughing so hard her side began to hurt.  “What’s the matter?  Never seen a faery let her wings out?” she looked at Dagmar and realised that was exactly it; the girl had never seen that actual process “Oh!  You truly haven’t seen this!  After your wings finish growing and have dried, yes just like a butterfly, I can teach you how to make them go away until you want them out.  Most of the time we don’t use them as a rule, but there are times in need or special occasions such as finding a life partner.  Your wings are BEAUTIFUL!!!” exclaimed Fawn looking at the full extended wings which had stopped growing a little while ago.
The girl twitched her shoulders and felt her wings fluttered erratically, stopping that action she looked at her friends fully extended wings.  Fawn had wings which resembled autumn leaves in colour and were like her own four separate wings that had golden brown ragged edges.  The wings became a darker gold brown as they neared her body and when she fluttered them they moved in synchronicity and gently lifted Fawn off the ground.  Laughing Dagmar also fluttered her wings only to lift suddenly and drop just as suddenly falling onto the soft grass.  As she sat there and gently moved her shoulders she began to control the movement and began to gently lift off the grass.  Her wings were also in four sections, with the wings when fully extended, reached over the girls blond head.  Dagmar’s wings had an elegant sweep which made them come to elegant points both at the top and bottom.  They shimmered and glittered as she gently moved them.
Fana returned and saw that the girls were both happy and relaxed.  Pleased that the girl took the news of growing wings and developing a sacred mark on her face so easily.  She then busied herself by making expert cuts in the back of the girls shirt as well as the dress and the cloak.  Dagmar watched and winced as she saw Fana cutting into the fine material of the cloak.  Fana noticed and explained “We can mend the cuts when you have learnt to put your wings away, but that won’t happen right away, so until you do we will have to make room for your wings  and later mend the cuts again. “smiling all the time.  “We will make camp here for tonight and start again early in the morning.  This will give you time to get used to your new accessories” said Fana as she turned to find the tent in her satchel to set it up.  
Fawn helped Dagmar put on her shirt with the adjustments and the girl found it to be very comfortable.  “Fawn.  How do you sleep with these things?” asked the girl fluttering her wings in emphasis.  Fawn looked at her friend and shook her head “Funny, I never even thought about THAT! We will have to work it out.  I honestly don’t know.  Fana” called Fawn “How do you sleep with wings?” she asked.  Dagmar looked at Fana and asked “Do you have wings, Fana? Could I see them please?”  Fana turned her back to the girl and took off her shirt, she immediately began groping around in her satchel for a replacement, which she soon found and slipped over her head, making minor adjustments she then turned and faced the girls.  Slowly, ever so slowly gossamer fine wings appeared from behind the womans back, they were the colour of earth with the shimmer of moonshine with the two top points that reached up very high and the two lower wings were solid with a rounded edge.  She fluttered her wings a little and then flew elegantly over to where the girls were.  “There sweetling! How do you like them?”  asked Fana.  “Oh Fana, they are beautiful.  I had NO idea that the faeries that I saw at the palace that did not have wings, actually did but chose not to have them out.  They are SO pretty!” said the girl in awe.  “They are pretty BUT they do get in the way and we avoid injury by having them not out.” Replied Fana.  She fluttered about setting up camp while Dagmar practiced fluttering her wings in unison and to lift her off the ground.  












Encounter
They travelled at an easy pace for five days when they arrived at a rapidly flowing river which ended at a waterfall that looked like it had a steep drop.  Fana indicated that the girls were to wait on the river bank whilst she investigated.  Dagmar was learning to control her wings but still had not mastered putting them away, the wings at times caused the girl to lose her balance and that frustrated her immensely when she forgot and shrugged her shoulders slightly her wings would flutter erratically, causing her to stumble.  They found a boulder and sat in the sun waiting for Fanas return.
The girls saw the tiny figure of Fana in the distance first and then a moment later they saw several other figures.  The small group reached the girls’ minutes later with Fana in the lead.  Dagmar saw a two familiar faces among the four strangers and she jumped up to greet her language tutor Ripple and her friend Dusk.  She stumbled a little as she moved her arms and her wings yet again fluttered and she lost balance “OOH I wish I could put them away already.  I am SO SICK of falling over all the time” she grumbles as she reached her two friends reaching out to hug them both.  “I see you are growing up little one.” said Dusk smiling and hugging her back, looking admiringly at the girls wings.  Oh Dagmar we were so worried when we could not find you in the caverns AND then Moonbeam walked in as nice as can be and asked ‘what is everyone so worried about she is only a human pest’.  Well that set everybody off, Sunna sent out every patrol she could and all the young ones were sent to look for you in every little corner.” Ripple said all this while hugging her friend tight and after having released her continued “I had a terrible feeling that Moonbeam had something to do with your disappearance.  So I went looking for Moonbeam to confront her.  I found her alright.  She was going through you things and was ready to steal the lot if Dusk had not followed me and then walked in and scared the life out of her!” said Ripple with pride as she looked at her idol.  “To make a long story short, Dagmar we found out that it was Moonbeam who pushed you and so we began searching the rivers and streams.” Finished Dusk impatiently, glancing at Ripple.  
They were interrupted by Fana and Sunna who walked to where the girls were standing.  As they reached the cluster of girls Sunna reached out and took Dagmar into her arms “Oh you poor darling.  To have been subjected to such meanness and cruelty by one of my children, oh how can we  ever make it up to you sweetling?” she held the girl at arm’s length to scrutinise her “You look unharmed for the whole incident but Fana told me you had become very ill after they fished you out of the water.” Sunna told the girl.  “But what happened to Moonbeam?  Did she get into HEAPS of trouble?” asked Dagmar.   Sunna looked a little shocked at the passion and force of the words “Yes sweetling she did get into a lot of trouble.  She endangered a life, which on its own is punishable by exile.  We did not take the matter THAT far though because of her tender age.  She has been taken to a different river clan and will have to work very hard to be able to join us again as a trusted member.  Is that good enough punishment sweetling?” asked Sunna.  “Yes it is!  Thank you.” replied the girl.
Sunna turned to Fana, indicating to a male to join them and began walking toward the camp.  Ripple and Dusk remained with the girls as they made themselves comfortable for a nice long catch up.  “Fawn I would like to introduce my teacher of runes Ripple.  We had such fun learning them and since then they have been very helpful.  Ripple I have a question, something I have only just now remembered.  What does ‘amin delotha lle’ mean?  It only just now popped into my head and I want to know.” All three looked aghast, “Who said that to you Dagmar?” asked Dusk with a very serious face.  “Those were the last words I heard before I went into the water.  What does it MEAN?” demanded the girl.  Dusk cleared her throat “It means ‘I hate you’ and it is something we DO NOT SAY, because it is such a cruel phrase” explained Dusk, still a little shaken by the words which had come out of Moonbeam.  They remained silent for a long time, either wandering around or paddling their feet in the water.  
Sunna and Fana called them all to the camp and began by introducing the stranger “Girl I would like you to meet Ragnar who is joining us for the rest of the journey to the palace, where he is to meet up with his mother.  Ragnar this is Fawn and Dagmar.  Please make him feel welcome girls.” The boy smiled shyly “Merry Meet Fawn and Dagmar.  It is very nice to meet you both.  I heard that one of you has just had her gifting.  I have also have just had my gifting.” “Oh that would be Dagmar!” said Fawn “What have you been gifted Ragnar?” she asked in return.  The boy looked a little embarrassed “I have some minor gifts, that’s all.” he replied.  Dusk, Fawn, Ripple and Dagmar looked at him expectantly “AND?” they all asked in unison.  “I have the trackers sense, healing touch, the gift of empathy and communication with trees and animals and herbal knowledge, which we sort of worked out because it took me no time at all to learn all the herbs and then find new ones and stuff like that.  What about you Dagmar?  What are your gifts?” he asked as their sky blue eyes met and locked ‘she is pretty’ Dagmar jumped when she heard those words.  “What did you just say?” “Ummm, nothing!  Why?” “Because I am sure I just heard you say something.  Didn’t you three hear him say anything?” she turned to her friends.  They all shook their heads “His mouth didn’t open.  We heard nothing.  You must be over tired and hallucinating Dagmar” said Dusk, hoping to calm the girl down.  Dagmar looked a little ashamed “Maybe I did imagine it.  Anyway MY gifts are empathy and communication, just like you but I have it with animals, trees, humans and fae, as well as the trackers sense and healing touch. So we have nearly similar gifts.  I have also just grown my wings and will learn to put them away soon.” Explained the girl, trying make up for her outburst, as in response to the mention of their existence, her wings fluttered and nearly sent the girl sprawling into Ragnars arms. 
A lot of giggling and embarrassed fidgeting resulted from that small incident.   Dusk shook her head and went in search of Sunna and Fana, in the hope of finding something to separate the girls from poor Ragnar.  She found the two women chatting as they prepared food for the hungry group, relieved that she was not disturbing them she walked over to where they were sitting under a tree “Excuse me gentle mothers, I was wondering if there was some task that Ragnar could possibly perform.  He is in need of rescue from three girls.” said Dusk in a quiet voice.  Sunna looked up at Dusk in disbelief and Fana began to chuckle “What is it they are doing to the poor boy?” asked Sunna.  “Well Dagmar and Ragnar were telling each other what gifts they had just received and then Dagmar accused of saying something but he had not even moved his lips.  It was all a little awkward and then her wings fluttered and she nearly ended up in his arms. All a bit funny BUT I am not comfortable with Niamh’s fosterling to mingle with girl at the moment.  He is new to his gifts and he has similar gifts to what Dagmar has been given from what I gathered.  This also concerns me because they would both be sensitive with their empathy.” stated Dusk flatly.  The two women looked at each other and thought.  Fana then had an idea “We need some fish!  Could you go and ask Ragnar to come and see use please Dusk.” With a broad smile Dusk turned to do Fanas bidding.  Sunna looked at Fana “We must see how strong these gifts are.  Being able to empathise and communicate with humans and fae would mean that maybe Dagmar could have picked up on a thought of Ragnars.  I am curious as to how strong our sweetling is.”  
Dusk wandered back to where the young ones were and announced that she and Ragnar, if he wanted to, were going to go and catch some fish for their evening meal.  The boy looked at Dusk in delight and smiled from ear to ear.  “We need to get a few things and then we can head off” said Dusk to the eager boy.   They both walked back to the camp to gather the items needed for the task ahead.  Ragnar accepted the basket offered by Fana and turned to go.  Dusk, who was watching him, thought to herself that he looked as delighted as she felt about going fishing.  They received a parcel each and a flask which went into the basket.  The boy then stopped and checked the small dagger which he had in a holster on his ankle and then its big brother that was at his belt.  Satisfied that all was ready, he set off towards one of the arms of the river.  With no further ado Dusk turned and also left the camp with a wave and a promise to return with some nice fish. 
Fawn suggested they go into the small meadow which they could see from their camp, so that Dagmar could practice controlling her wings.  They had explained to her that once she learnt to control her wings she could then learn to put them away.  The rest agreed and they all set off, as they walked Ripple and Fawn let THEIR wings out.  Ripple had small wings, that were the length from her elbow to tip of her finger, and were a translucent blue and looked very delicate, yet strong enough to lift the  girl and carry her a little way along.  “Oh yours are so pretty Ripple!” said Fawn.  All three began to do little fluttering jumps which as Ripple explained was how she learnt to control and strengthen her wings and it was fun as well because they turned it into a game of tag.  Without realising it, Dagmar began to have control over her wings and could fly longer and further with every flutter.  The other two girls had also noticed and had begun to fly further which made for much more fun as well.  By the time Dusk and Ragnar returned from their fishing expedition Dagmar was able to perform small aerobatic manoeuvres with Fawn and Ripple.  
The basket which Dusk and the boy took with them was overflowing with different kinds of fish and there were also some herbs and berries in a separate reed basket that Dusk had made.  The three girls arrived just in time to hear how Ragnar was catching fish without line or bait but his bare hands.  “So you are telling us that you saw him do this Dusk?” Fana was asking incredulously looking with amazement at the boy.  Dusk nodded saying “Yes!  He put his hands in the water and stand very still and then BAM” clapping her hands together very hard “he would jump and pull out a fish.  It was amazing to watch.”  Sunna was inspecting the fish and saw that they were not as many as she first thought and after closely inspecting the five very large fish she turned to the boy “I see you only brought males and only large adults.  Why is that?” “I have spent every waking moment out of doors since I can remember and have spent nearly as much time with the trackers and hunters.  They have taught me how to fish without bait, they call in ‘noodling’ and to identify the fishes breed and gender, only take what you will eat that day, unless storing for the cold season and they also taught me how to clean, gut and fillet.” explained the boy.  Sunna looked very impressed with his answer and began to prepare an area for the cooking fire.  
Fana set the three girls and Dusk the task to finding wood for the fire and Ragnar to digging a small pit for the fire and surround it with medium size rocks.  In no time they had a fire pit with a lovely fire in it and slowly the smell of fish cooking wrapped in large leaves buried in the hot coals was drawing everybody to the fire.   Fana had produced a kettle and was boiling water for some nice hot tea to have with their meal whilst Sunna was making small bread rolls in a large heavy pot with a tight fitting lid that somehow came out of the bag which Sunna had brought with her.  She had called it her portable oven and soup pot and handled it with loving pride.  The girls had worn themselves out with the afternoon’s activities and were sitting, leaning against a large tree trunk.  Fawn and Ripple had shown how Dagmar could put her wings away once she had total control over them and now for the first time in days the girl could totally relax.
Dagmar could feel her eye lids drooping as she sat and listened to the mumble of conversation and all the other activities in the camp.  It was very peaceful and with the sound of the river in the back ground there was nothing more for the girl to do then to let her eyes close and be done with it.  A male voice was chattering away in a language the girl could not understand and thought as much ‘Oh you can hear me!  I was wondering if you were going to be ignorant or if you could truly not hear me’ ‘Who are you and where are you?’ asked Dagmar.  ‘I am your back rest’ said the voice with a chuckle ‘My what? Oh! You are the tree spirit from the tree I am leaning against’ ‘Phew! Yes I am and I am glad you worked it out so quickly.  Well done!  Now then.  Merry Meet I am Carad Findl, you may call me Cara, and who might you be?’ Dagmar sat quietly and thought about what she was hearing and then thought ‘Merry Meet Cara, I am Dagmar.’ The girl introduced herself enjoying the fact she was having a silent conversation with a very nice tree.  ‘I am so pleased to make your acquaintance Dagmar.  It has been a long time since I have had visitors.  Not may remember who we are, then again not many of us remember who we once were.’ ‘Oh that sounds sad.  Not remembering who you once were.  How could you forget?’ asked the girl ‘Well we don’t get many visitors and so we don’t have much opportunity to introduce ourselves and then there is the BECOMING A TREE.  Something a lot of the ancient ones have chosen to do.  All these trees around here used to be some body and now they are just trees and I am the only one left.  I wonder, should I do the same?’  Dagmar was horrified at the thought of Cara just disappearing and becoming a silent tree ‘Oh no Cara don’t do that. The Four Falls clan live close by, what if I tell one of my friends from there that has the same gift, to come and visit with you.’ the tree was silent ‘Maybe they remember Red Hair!  Oh that would be nice.  Yes go and ask them and I will be happy to converse with them.’ with that the tree remained silent for the rest of Dagmars snooze.
“Come and have your meal girls!  Come on girls what are you all doing?  Oh I see!  Sleeping!  Come on you lot.” said a laughing Fana, who found all three, fast asleep leaning against the tree.  They all jumped with fright as they woke up “Oh Fana.  You scared us!” said a grumpy Fawn, rubbing her eyes and having a big stretch.  The others followed suit and stretched, yawned and rubbed sleepy eyes.   Then the smell of the evening meal drifted their way and the girls sniffed the lovely aroma and leapt to their feet.  “Oh that smells just wonderful.  I am so hungry!” said Fawn as she stood up and offered her two friends a hand each to help them up.  They all stood and sniffed the air and began walking as if in a trance towards to food.
They all had a plate with a large piece of fish with a nice herb sauce, a large bread roll and some green leaves and small roasted roots.   Dagmar bit with relish into the roots and discovered that they were potatoes but they had a gently sweet flavour to them, she asked “What do you call these?” Sunna replied “We call it ‘Sweet root’ or ‘Lisse Thond’ sweetling.  Do you like it?” “Yes Sunna, it has such a gentle yet sweet flavour and it goes nicely with the fish.” replied the girl.  Everyone had second helping and they still had a small amount of fish left after everybody’s hunger was sated.  The left over fish was placed on a bowl shaped leaf as were all the other left over foods in separate leaves and then they were taken a little way from camp and reverently placed on a large flat rock.  “Why did Sunna, Fana and Dusk just take all the leftover food and place it over there?” “We give the leftover food from a feast such as this to the Taura Vakha, Forest Guardians as a tribute and in thanks.” answered Ragnar glancing sideways at the girl with a quizzical look on his face.  Ripple saw this look and answered his unspoken question “Dagmar only arrived her a while ago from the human realm.  It is all a mystery as to how BUT we know the why.  She had her gifting because she has strong fae blood in her.  There are still many things she is learning and she is a fast learner.  In less than a day she learnt how to read rune writing and since leaving Four Falls she has learnt to speak the fae tongue.”  The boy nodded in comprehension but they could all see that he had many more questions, which he kept to himself.  After everyone helped clean up they all went to bed so that an early start could be had.
The next morning they all woke before dawn and decided to have a small breaking of the fast and then continued their journey.  Everyone was in a very good mood and laughed and joked until Fana called a break so they could have their mid-day meal.  All were surprised at how much time had elapsed and then all agreed that they were indeed hungry and began making preparations for a feast of bread, which was left Sunna baked before she went to bed the night before and cheese and berries.  After all had eaten and things were packed away they set off again.  Dusk made a comment that they should not be too far away from the palace now as they topped a low hill and saw the palace at their feet.

Return
 They made their way down the other side of the hill and saw that their arrival had already been noted and a large group was gathering at the gates.   As they neared Dagmar could make out Titania and Niamh, with the Queen in the lead nearly running towards them.  Dagmar let her wings out and flew the rest of the way.  Both Niamh and Titania stopped in mid stride and gaped as Dagmar made her way toward them.  As the girl landed, not yet very gracefully but she did not fall, both women ran to her asking many questions all at once.   They both stopped suddenly and looked more closely at the girl who stood in front of them.  “By the Goddess, I can see you have had the gifting BUT you have certainly changed since I have last seen you my sweetling.” said Titania as she reached out and gave Dagmar a big hug.  Niamh then took her place also giving her a big hug, spotting Ragnar over the girls shoulder she gently pushed Dagmar way and went to embrace her son.  
There was much hugging and greeting of friends not seen in a long time but slowly they made their way to through the gates and into the palace garden.  Tables were being set as they entered, in preparation of the welcome feast that evening.  Niamh took her son and went to their home chambers to catch up.  Titania took Dagmars hand and led her with the rest of the group following close behind and led them to their respective rooms, having left Dagmars for last they arrived at a round door.  When Titania flung open the door the girl let out a gasp.  The room was dominated by a round bed with a massive canopy, a beautiful little table with a dainty mirror were set to one side and a large wardrobe dominated another wall with a pretty screen sectioning off another area next to the closet.  All were in shades of blue and green and gave the room a peaceful and calm atmosphere which Dagmar noticed immediately.  “When did you come into your gifts sweetling?” asked Titania “It was about five or six days ago when I had my gifting ceremony with the Wise Ones, Rhiannon and Falcon and about three or four days ago that my wings grew out.  I had no idea that all this was part of me.  I wonder if Oma and Opa knew about this?” replied the girl.   “Ah! Yes!  Your wings.  By the Goddess you DID surprise us when you flew over.  You have done well considering you frightened me half to death.” finished Titania in a slightly choked voice.  Dagmar felt terrible and went over to hug the woman “I did not mean to have all this happen.  I went for a little walk then I saw what I thought was a fish and it turned out to be Moonbeam.  She then dragged me to Four Falls and then pushed me into the water and I nearly drowned until Fana found me and made me better and brought me back.” gushed the girl trying to appease Titania.  The woman listened and smiled at the girl “Oh sweetling all is well now that you are safe and back here.”  
“Here sweetling, a nice bath and then after a light meal we can talk.”  Titania led the girl to the screen and walked behind it to reveal a large bath shaped like a water lily.  The water was steaming and looked very inviting.  Without another word the girl striped and climbed into the hot water with a heartfelt sigh escaping her lip.  Titania made herself busy finding the soap and lathering up the girls back noticing the tiny extra bump on the shoulder blades, then as she rinsed the lather off Dagmars back she saw that the white tattoo design had continued onto her shoulders and down her back.  The design was very beautiful with gentle spirals and also gentle curves which had a leaf shaped ending that inter locked with other curves and if she squinted Titania could see runes underneath all that in various places which could also be seen faintly on Dagmar’s arms and hands.  The tattoo ended at the base of her spine and was not on her chest or legs.  “What do you think of your lovely decoration sweetling?” asked the woman “I think it is pretty but why has it appeared?  Do I have any on my back?  I have not been able to look and we have been busy getting my wings under control.” asked the girl.  Titania looked at the girl “We will have to remedy that after you have finished bathing.  Yes you do have it on your back.  the design on your arms and face is continued and ends at the base of your spine.  It is of the same shading and depth of colour, or should I say lack, it is subtle and beautiful none the less.  On your face it draws attention to your lovely eyes although the design on your face has more leafy curves and spirals then there is on your back.  There are more spirals on your back.  But you will see all that very soon.  Now let us get your hair washed. “said Titania as she reached for a small jar of sweet smelling cream scooped some into her palm, then she wet the girls hair and began rubbing until the cream turned into a jasmine and rose smelling lather.  Then she helped the girl rinse it all out and as Dagmar stood, Titania held a large fluffy and soft sheet for the girl to wrap herself in and the woman then began rubbing the girls legs and back vigorously drying it in the process.  After having dried off a soft long cape was placed around Dagmars shoulders by Titania who then led the girl to the wardrobe and opened both large doors, revealing two large mirrors that folded out from the doors.  “When you angle them right you can see both the front and back of one side.  Come and stand here and I will angle them. Ah here we go, nearly got it.  There can you see sweetling?” asked Titania.  Dagmar nodded; as she caught sight of her back her lips formed a silent ‘OH’, she stood and stared at her back and then moved around and closely scrutinised her shoulders.  “Oh it is beautiful!  I absolutely love it!  Why did I get them though?” replied the girl as she met Titanias eyes in the mirror “I honestly have no idea why some have the marks and yet most don’t get them.  Possibly the Goddess has marked you for something special.” suggested the woman with a little chuckle.  “I will leave you for a little while my sweetling.  There is a wonderful gown for you to wear for the feast tonight, it is already hanging behind the screen.  Could I ask you to have your wings out tonight please, we will all let our wings out.  The dress is made for wings so I can’t see you having a problem BUT if you do please call someone to help you.  I understand that this is all very new to you so PLEASE, do not hesitate to ask for assistance.” with that comment Titania was out the door, closing it gently behind her.
Dagmar adjusted the fluffy floor length cape luxuriating in the feel on her skin.  Looking into the wardrobe after noticing earlier that there were items hanging neatly in a row, she found some absolutely divine gowns of varying colours.  A deep blue gown with a silver sheen and long silver sleeves caught her eye first, then a forest green one with also with long sleeves which were a deep warm brown with gold woven though the material also there was one that changed colour with every movement of the material.  Dagmar stood mesmerised by the ever changing colours as she moved her hand slightly and the light touched the dress at a different angle and the colour went from deep mauve to a blackish green and then to an indigo blue.  Having had enough of the gowns she then looked at the floor of the wardrobe and saw that there were matching slippers for each dress.  She then walked over to the small table with the dainty mirror discovering as she got closer that there were several items neatly laid out as well as several small jars and tiny bottles.  Dagmar picked up the brush and felt the bristles and then proceeded to brush her long golden ringlets, which relaxed her so much she decided to explore the rest of the room after she had a little nap.  She put down the brush and went over to the massive bed, crawled into the centre, snuggled into the pillows and fell asleep. 
Dagmar woke up as the light in the room became a little too dark to read by but still able to see everything clearly.  She yawned and stretched then climbed off the bed and washed her face in a small bowl which had a jug full of cold water next to it.  Dagmar decided it must be time to get dressed for the feast, with that thought in mind she went to the wardrobe but then remembered there was another gown waiting for her behind the screen, she turned and peeped behind the screen.  What she saw made her eyes bulge with shock.  There hung the most exquisite gown she had ever seen in her life.  It was a cloud of gossamer silk which upon closer inspection was silver spider web silk, she wished Illona or Adella were there to explain it all to her.  It was white but glistened in all the colours of the rainbow as it moved.  The sleeves were that long they dragged on the ground and they were embroidered at the hem with sparkling little crystals and when the girl looked at the bodice she saw that it was also embroidered with delicately small crystals that sparkled and glistened.  The under dress was just as splendid as the dress itself and it was also made of white spider silk.  She dropped the cape and stepped into the under dress, slipped her arms into the holes and then ever so carefully she stepped into the gown putting her arms into the long sleeves she then realised that this dress had a very low back.  She wriggled a little bit to adjust the dress and then looked on the floor and saw delicate little slippers which had long ribbons to tie around the ankle and leg, matching the dress perfectly.  After putting them on and tying them up she went to brush her hair and remembered the small jars and decided to have a look in them.  She opened a small jar and found it to have a kind of cream that also had glitter in it, she dipped her fingertip into the jar and then rubbed a little on the back of her hand and found that all she could see was a faint shimmer as she moved her hand.  Another jar had a very pretty jasmine and rose smell to it and another smelled of lavender, a very small jar had a powder in it which Dagmar had no idea where it would be used.  The girl decided to put a little of the glimmer cream on her cheeks and a little on her eye lids, looking at her reflection in the small mirror she saw that it had a very nice effect.
Just as Dagmar was putting the finishing touched to her hair and she was slowly letting her wings out there was a gentle knock on the door.  “Come in” called the girl and Titania opened the door and stepped into the room.  The woman wore a midnight blue gown with clusters of small glittering crystals in spiral patterns and a small silver crown set in her auburn hair setting off her high lights even more.  She stopped dead in her tracks when she saw the girl, her mouth slightly agape Titania walked over to where Dagmar stood and touched a small knob on the wall, light sprung from hidden crevices all over the room.  In front of Titania stood a very beautiful faery with long golden ringlets which ended a little past her waist with gold shimmering wings in a white shimmering gown.  “By the Goddess my child you have grown since our last feast.  And I don’t just mean in height but in many other ways apart from the obvious wings as well.  I can't put my finger on it but you have changed, all in a good way sweetling!” said Titania when she finished walking around the girl inspecting every detail.  “I feel like I am in a dream wearing this dress and having wings!  Titania how will I explain this to Oma and Opa?” “Oh sweetling I am very sure that they will be much more understanding then you give them credit for.  When you disappeared as you have already been told I had everybody searching everywhere, I also made the decision to go and see your grandparents.  I saw them and spoke to them about what had happened, they had suspected as much and were very relieved that you were in safe hands, well a safe place, we all prayed.  I have known your grandparents for a very long time my sweetling and I know in my heart of hearts that they are very proud of you.” explained Titania hoping she was putting the girls mind at ease.  Dagmar looked at the woman incredulously “You went through the curtain?  But you said it was too thick at the moment and we had to wait.  How did you do that and not do that for me when I first arrived?” asked the girl a little sharply.  Titania looked a little surprised but understood that the girl was angry had her reason, calmly and patiently she explained “Sweetling it is too dangerous because only those of very pure fae blood can travel through the curtain even at its thickest but any others will perish.  We had no idea how much fae blood runs in your veins and did not want to risk your safety or health, it was an easy decision to make sweetling believe me.  When I decided to visit your grandparents it was because I needed to know who you were and how much fae blood you have.  After visiting with your lovely Oma and your very wonderful Opa it all became very clear.  To you it is still all very confusing because I am not making much sense.  All will be explained during the course of the evening.  Be patient my love.”  
What else could the girl do, Titania was not going to give her any more information until she was ready, so Dagmar decided to do a twirl in her dress for the woman to admire.  Titania clapped her hands in glee and then reached into her long sleeve and brought out a long slim package and handed it to the girl “Here sweetling.  I was going to wait until later but I think you should wear it as we enter the feast.  This is my gifting gift, which I know sounds silly but we give small gifts to newly gifted young ones.” She handed it to the girl, who began unwrapping immediately.  After the first layer of coloured leaves cushioned in spider silk was a delicate little tiara which Titania immediately took and set it in Dagmar’s hair.  She moved the girl to the big wardrobe mirror by the shoulders and stood behind the girl to adjust it to her liking.  All that the girl could see was a beautiful girl with a glittering tiara in a gown that is out of a dream.  Not a word came out of her mouth as she stared at her reflection.  “Come sweetling.  The feast awaits!  Let us go and join the rest of this merry crowd.” She then let out her wings and took the girls hand and flew slowly out of the window.  
There was an immense cheer, as they appeared on the fringe of the crowd, was deafening and startled the girl a little and she nearly forgot to keep fluttering her wings.  Titania waved to the crowd, which parted, as they flew lower to land near the platform, both landed at the same time with the cheering was still going on.   They walked up the steps still holding hands, they were met by a large man with a shock of blond curls held down by a thick silver band and a broad smile on his face.  He held out his large hands, one for Titania and the other for Dagmar and as they grasped his hand he pulled them up the rest of the way and against his barrel chest into a massive embrace.  “Ah wife it is good to see you.  But then any separation from you feels an eternity until we are together again.” He said whilst kissing Titanias delicate little hand which rested in the man’s massive one.  “Oh Oberon, you silly man.  I love you my treasure. Please behave yourself.  I would like to introduce you to Dagmar, if you don’t mind.” with those words she gently pushed the girl forward slightly.   





Celebration
“Merry Meet!  Would you do me the honour and share our humble meal.” Oberon said formally to Dagmar as he bowed and took her hand and gently turned it over and kissed her palm.  “Sir, I would be honoured to share this meal with you.” replied Dagmar just as formally.  He then took both their hands again and led them to the table, where many familiar faces were already waiting.  He led Titania to one of two ornate large chairs and pulled out the seat for her and then he led the girl to a smaller version of the large ornate chairs next to the vacant second large chair and proceeded to pull it out and help the girl sit down.  He then made himself comfortable in the large chair and then leaned over and asked the girl “Well sweetling how are you getting used to your gifts?  Fana told me that you have some wonderful gifts which seem to also be very strong.” she looked at him and replied “Yes Sir, I have and they are interesting and a little intimidating.  Especially the communicating with trees and animals since I never actually know where the words come from and they are always in my head.  I have not heard fae or human mind speak, that’s what Rhiannon called the communicating gift.”  Oberon looked at Dagmar seriously “I think that is because majority of humans and fae have a mental wall which is there naturally.  Some can drop that wall on command and others do so accidentally not knowing what they did nor what it does.  When you communicate with trees or animals it is because they communicate that way naturally so when they feel an open mind they will reach out to assess if you are friend or foe.” explained the man.  “I think I understand.  I know I am feeling a lot of emotions right now and most of them do not feel like they belong to me.  I suppose that this is the empathy gift.  When we were travelling here I did not feel much with my empathic gift and now I wonder if Fana and all the others had shields up to stop me from feeling their feelings.” replied the girl.  Oberon sat in thought for a while then turned to Titania and spoke to her quietly for a moment “Yes from what I have just gathered that is what they did soon after the gifting.  They all put up mental walls to prevent you feeling their feelings, it was a way of protecting you by overwhelming you.  Too many things happening at once could drive a person insane, I have seen it happen once and believe me it is not a pretty sight.” replied Oberon.  “Ah food!  Excellent! Where is the candelabrum?  Oh good thank you.” he said as he accepted a very large three pronged candelabra from the hands of a young fae man and placed it into the centre of the table.  Three very large and fat candles were delivered on a tray, brought by a pretty young fae girl with bright red hair.  These were taken to Titania who placed them one at a time beginning with the white candle then the red one and finally the black one.  She then in a clear voice, whilst lighting the candles, beginning with the white candle “Let us give thanks ….. From forest and stream; From mountain and flied; From the fertile Earth's nourishing yield;” she then lit the central red one, “We now partake of divine energy; May it lend health, strength and love to us.  Blessed Be” she then lit the black one.  Titania sat down after that.  Oberon stood and smiled at the crowd before him an d then at every individual who  sat at his table.  “My friends.  My family.  My honoured guests.  We are so very honoured this evening to have in our midst two newly gifted sweetlings.  Their names are Dagmar and Ragnar.  I would like to say to you both that I am very proud of you and I wish you both happiness and health and to make good use of your wonderful gifts.  Now let us begin our wonderful feast.” and with saying that he sat down and food began to arrive in many varied shaped and sized containers, from plates to bowls.  Some were steaming hot and others had shaved ice around and under it to keep it chilled and it all looked and smelled wonderful.  Dagmar’s small bowl was filled by a well-meaning faery, with some hot delicious smelling vegetable stew.  She found a spoon and took a small taste, found it to be very familiar and loved it she began to eat hungrily.
Having finished her small bowl, the girl looked around at the rest of the people sitting at the table.  To her right was Oberon and to her left was a familiar face but she could not remember the lovely womans name.  The woman felt the girls’ eyes on her and turned her head to look at the girl and smiled kindly “Merry Meet sweetling. We have met before at your welcome feast.  My name is Addylyn from the Fresh Water Meadow Clan.” “Merry Meet Addylyn, my name is Dagmar.  I thought I remembered your face from somewhere!” replied the girl politely.  Whilst talking Dagmar noticed the shape of the womans beautiful indigo eyes, the outer corner was sharply slanting upwards which gave the impression that her eyes were stretched outwards.  “This is my husband Tud.  I have no idea who the two empty chairs belong to, then we have Lillianna who is mother of Niamh and wife to Randolph, who is sitting next to her.  I have no idea who the next four lovelies are and then we have my son Beriothien, who has been away for a long time and next to him is our fosterling Lynx, she is a niece of Tubs', then there is Wouter who is sitting next to his wife Niamh and next to them is their adopted son Ragnar.” explained Addylyn.  Dagmar then said “I can tell you who the four are over there.” Dagmar indicating with her chin slightly to the four sitting at a slight angle across from them “The lady sitting next to your son is Fana and she is the Green Mother the Keeper of the Karnayana Forest and next to her is Ripple from the Four Falls and then there is Sunna, she is the Four Falls Mother and then there is Dusk also from Four Falls.  I stayed with them during my adventure and travelled with them back here.” explained the girl.  They then became busy with the second serving which was chilled fruits of all kinds and more stew for those who had a mind to have more as well as freshly baked loaves of bread.  
Dagmar enjoyed her chilled fruit plate immensely and then spotted some of that wobbly stuff from the picnic but this time it had bits of fruit suspended in it.  The girl decided she wanted a little of it and before she had a chance to reach for the bowl a female faery popped up and served her some from the big bowl to a nice small clean bowl.  A little startled by the appearance of the faery let alone the fact that what she wanted was given to her without her saying a word. “Umm, excuse me.  How DID you know that I had decided I wanted some of this stuff?” she asked the faery.  “Oh that’s easy my lady.  I can hear peoples thoughts, that is my gift, so when I heard you think 'yes I would like some of that stuff' I knew what you wanted and just got it for you.  Will that be all, my lady?” replied the young faery.  Dagmar wondered why she could not hear people’s thoughts as that girl did “Oh that is answered simply my lady.  We all have a natural protective wall around our minds and most with the gift cannot hear anyone else unless they are blood related, even then though most have that wall in place to give them and others privacy.” answered the faery with a cheeky smile “I am sorry for listening to your thoughts.  You have such a gentle mind, if you don't mind me saying my lady. “and with that comment she slipped away.
Dagmar sat quietly and absorbed the information.  She looked in the direction of Fana who was in a deep conversation with Beriothien whose blue eyes would flicker in her direction often.   Ripple was too absorbed in the splendid food on offer to pay any attention to anything else around her.  Sunna was eating daintily and looking around in a leisurely manner at all the other occupants of the table.  Their eyes met and Sunna nodded and smiled encouragingly at the girl.  Dusk was sitting back looking around, her eyes constantly darting from place to place, as a true warrior does so Dusk had told the girl once.  They locked eyes and Dusk raised her left eyebrow in question, the girl shook her head ever so slightly and then Dusk nodded just as imperceptivity.  Dagmar felt eyes on her and she looked around slowly and then saw Beriothien had watched the whole quick silent conversation between herself and Dusk, she looked at him and gave him a friendly smile, he smiled back shyly.  His eye would then flick away to his other target which from the direction he was looking Dagmar guessed that he was watching Ragnar as closely as he was watching her.
When the meal was finished and the plates had been cleared by the serving faeries music began to play.  The first song was a happy tune which got the toes tapping.  Tables were cleared to make room in front of the platform for dancing, which had begun before the tables were folded and taken away.  Some of those at the high table were convinced by their neighbour or spouse to get up and dance.  Randolph and his wife Lillianna were the first to take to the dance floor and were followed by Addylyn and her husband Tud, quickly followed by Niamh and Wouter.  Oberon turned to the girl and asked with a cheeky look in his eyes 'Would you like to dance sweetling?  It seems my wife has found a more interesting person to entertain herself with.” he said with a quick glance at his wife, who was in deep and animated conversation with Ragnar.  “Thank you Sir but I don't know how to dance.” replied Dagmar.  He was persistent though “Come sweetling I will teach you.  It is very simple.  Come give me your hand.” as he was saying that Oberon grasped her small hand in his very large one and was gently dragging her to the dance floor.  A loud cheer went up as they joined the other dancers who made way for them to join in.  Oberon, who still had a tight grip on her hand swung her around and put his other hand on her waist and began to gently lead her around the floor.  After initially feeling apprehensive about dancing the girl soon began to enjoy this new experience and began to learn the intricate steps. 
All danced for the next several pieces of music and then came back exhausted and thirsty.  After Oberon had returned the girl to her seat he stopped and spoke to two new arrivals, both wearing dark cloaks with wide hoods that totally hid their faces.  He then bowed and went to stand behind his chair, looking for people to quieten down their conversations.  “My wonderful friends, family and guests, we have a great honour this evening, in our midst are two who have seen much and know more.  Raise your cups and welcome the Wise Ones who have come especially for this marvellous occasion.” he turned in the direction of the two cloaked figures, who had pushed their hoods back off their heads “Merry Meet Rhiannon and Falcon.” and then the crowd all raised their cups and called “MERRY MEET”.  Falcon stood and moved his hands in a manner which asked for quiet, which he immediately received “Merry Meet, one and all.  It is good to be here during this wonderful time of new energies and fresh gifts.  Rhiannon and I had the pleasure of being with Dagmar for her gifting and I know that we have a special sweetling in her.  I have been told that young Ragnar also had his giting time whilst we were busy with Dagmars and he too is another very special child to have amongst us.”  he smiled and sat down to the sound of many throats cheering again.  
Dagmar leaned forward a little to look at both the Wise Ones and caught Rhiannon’s eye, they exchanged happy smiles.  For a while after that much dancing and singing went on and Dagmar got up a few more times dancing with Oberon and also with Randolph.  Later as the festivities began to wind down Oberon and Titania bade their good nights and soon after that others began to drift away to their private rooms.  The girl remained for a while and then decided that she was also getting sleepy and knew that there would be more excitement the next day.















A lesson
She woke to the sound of birds singing, she stretched luxuriously and with great contentment.  As Dagmar opened her eyes and she could see that the sun had only just risen.  She felt very rested and content with life, her day dreams were shattered by a knock on the door.  She called for whoever it was to come in, whilst she found the cape she wore after her bath the afternoon before and placed it over her night dress.  The door opened to reveal Rhiannon and Falcon walking in looking very relaxed and at home.  “Good Morning sweetling.  How did you sleep?  Are you ready for the day?” asked Falcon rubbing his hands together.  Just as he turned to close the door several faeries walked in with trays of food that were deposited on a large fold up table which another two faeries had carried in and set up.  “I assume that we are all breaking fast together?” commented Falcon with a big grin and rubbing his tummy.  “Well Falcon if you truly want to breakfast with us then you will have to leave us for a few minutes so that Dagmar can get dressed.  Shoo!  Go!  Out!” she said and was literally shooing him out the door which had the girl holding her tummy because she was laughing so hard.  “Now then sweetling to get you dressed.  Let’s have a look what there is on offer.” Rhiannon went to the large wardrobe and opened the big doors “Mmmm let me see.  We want something which is casual yet formal and wing space.  Ahh now this is nice and ever so functional.  Come and have a look sweetling” said the woman as she held out long light brown pants which looked like a wide skirt with a cream long loose top that could easily have been a dress with long puffy sleeves that could be adjusted with ribbon to the climate of the day which ended near the knee.  It had splits form hem to waist and special slits sewn into the back for wings just as Rhiannon had said and the girl liked the concept of  wearing a dress over pants.  “I like that.  I didn't see that last night when I had a look in here.  Where did you find it Gentle Mother?” “Why on that shelf back here” the woman pointed to a shelf tucked against the left wall “you most likely did not see it because you were dazzled by the beauty of the dresses or because it was in the shadows and you didn't know it actually existed.  Would you like to wear this today then?”  “Yes thank you.  I will just duck behind the screen and I will get dressed.   You could ask Falcon to come back in, I AM behind the screen.” suggested the girl.  With a wicked chuckle Rhiannon replied “Oh sweetling don't you worry about old Falcon.  He will be happily wandering around annoying anyone who looks his way.  He is like a bird, hopping from one new thing to another just like birds go from one shiny new thing to another.  He will be happy just to flutter about, believe me sweetling.  But I will call him to make you happy.” with that the woman turned and headed for the door to call her husband back into the room.   Dagmar in the meantime went behind the screen and began to change into her day time clothing.  As Falcon walked back into the room the girl was dressed and ready to break her fast.
They all sat down and waited for Rhiannon to say 'Thanks to the Mother' and once she completed the ritual they all attacked their food ravenously.  With a choice of cereals, fresh bread and fruit and to wash down with either sweet cool water, chilled milk or fruit juice.  Once their hunger had been satisfied they settled back and began to enjoy the day even more.  “Well my sweetling” began Rhiannon “how have you adjusted to your gifts and I have heard you have also grown into your wings.  How are you going with these adjustments?” “I have had wonderful help from Fawn and Fana and then when we bumped into Ripple, Sunna and Dusk I had even more help and many useful suggestions as well.  I have learnt to control my wings and can even fly now.  I have been communicating, well actually they start the conversation, with several trees.  I am still figuring everything out.  I do know that the bark buffer works well.  As yet I have not had any conversations with any animals.” “To be able to communicate with animals, my little sweetling, you have to quieten your mind.  You have to let everything go and send your mind out.  The animals are usually very shy and won’t make first contact, although there are a few who are brave enough to touch your mind first but they are far and few between.” Rhiannon explained to the girl, who had been listening intently to every word “Gentle Mother, could you or Gentle Father help me to learn how to do it?” Dagmar asked looking at them alternatively.  Both adults were silent for a short time, and then they both nodded.  “I will help you in this endeavour sweetling.  It is an honour to be so involved in your training.” Said Falcon “I must warn you though, I have more of an affinity with all manner of bird than any other creature.  This could be interesting!” he said with enthusiasm.  “May I ask a question?” asked the girl “Certainly!” both adults replied simultaneously.  “We’’…. When you were both silent and then nodded your heads, umm were you doing ‘mind speak’?” both adults looked at each other and smiled “Yes sweetling we were.  We have been together for a very, very long time and have developed a closeness which permits us to do that.  I honestly didn’t think it was that that obvious.” Falcon said with a rueful chuckle.
After they had finished eating Falcon suggested that they go and have a try at communicating with animals.  With that mission in mind they decided that a nice secluded place would be of use and they wandered off into the forest.  Dagmar was only four steps into the forest when she was harassed by many voices in her head, she put her hand to her head and frowned deeply.  Immediately concerned Falcon asked “Are you alright child?” “Yes umm No oh I don’t know.  There are many voices in my head and I can’t shut them up!” replied the girl.  Falcon knew what the problem was “Sweetling, I think it was a bad idea to go into the forest for the peace we crave.  The trees all want your attention.  In your mind just tell them politely that right now you need to learn another aspect of your gift and for them to be patient.”  Dagmar did as was suggested and soon the voices all quietened down.
They found a small clearing and sat in the middle of it as Falcon began to explain how the girl could go about clearing her mind of everything and be open to receive messages.  The girl sat cross legged and closed her eyes and began slowly to settle her mind and then to clear her mind completely.  The effort could at times be seen on her face, as Falcon watched her closely.  Then suddenly she stiffened “What is it sweetling?” “I think I am talking to a rabbit.  A very busy little thing.  Keeps saying ‘must find food, must find food’, what do I do now Falcon?” “Well sweetling this is when you ever so gently let it know you are listening.  Sort of like clearing your throat to let someone know you are there.  Try to just gently say ‘hello’.” The girl nodded and began to gently let the rabbit know she was there and then she burst out laughing “It just told me it knew I was there all along and was wondering when I was going to talk to it.  Now it wants to know where there are some juicy carrots or other nice vegetables.” This made Falcon burst out laughing “Oh they can be cheeky.  The birds I speak to, especially the sparrows ask me constantly it I could show them where the best worms are hiding or if I had any in my pocket.” That made the girl burst out laughing “Funny, that is exactly what the rabbit just then asked and I said no sorry and it said ‘well what good are you to me then!”  Falcon suggested that the girl move away from that animals and try and feel other creatures that may have more to say then ‘where is the food’, both laughing uproariously at that.  
They sat down near a large boulder and started the whole exercise again.  It didn’t take long and Dagmar burst out giggling, which gave Falcon the idea that she was communicating again.  “Gentle Father you will never guess what I am talking to now.  Never in a million years will you guess.  A hint though, it tickles in the head.” said the girl teasingly to the man.  Falcon, who was always happy to play a game of guessing thought for a moment and then with a wicked grin her said “Is it an earth worm?  They tickle in your hands and I suspect they would also tickle in the mind.” “YES!  You guessed right.  This little creature is very smart.  We just spoke about how the soil here is some of the best and according to the worm there is a very tasty patch of soil just where our bottoms are and the worms wants to know if we would like to join it for a meal.  I have politely turned it down though, unless you would like to join it for a bite.” the girl said with a cheeky grin on her face which made Falcon burst out laughing heartily again.  “So sweetling, do you think you now have the trick?” Falcon said when he finally managed to catch his breath.
They stayed a while longer enjoying the peace and the girl practiced her new found gift a little longer.  Falcon then suggested that she try contacting a bird.  “When wanting to talk to a bird you will have to let your mind grow wings.  Do you think you can do that?” “I will try.  How do you make your mind grow wings?” asked the girl as she wriggled into a more comfortable position.  Falcon had to think about how he learnt to use his gift “In a way it’s like day dreaming but instead of mundane day dreams you imagine yourself flying or just being a bird and see if that works.  Everyone has a different trigger so we may have to experiment a little.  Try it and tell me how it works for you.” replied Falcon.  
Once settled comfortably Dagmar tried to day dream her way into a birds mind but nothing happened.  She tried again and had the same result, nothing apart from small tickles from some earth worms and a snail.  Falcon could see that the girl was not getting anywhere with that strategy and he tried to work out another way when he suddenly made a decision “Sweetling, how would you feel about joining minds and then I can maybe take you to find a bird and introduce you?”  Dagmar opened her eyes and looked into Falcons “Do you think that will work?” she asked.  “Well, I actually don’t know.  We can give it a try though.  If you are willing.” The girl shrugged her shoulders and wriggled a little again to get some small rocks out from under her legs “Alright then, what do we do?”  Falcon smiled at the determined set of Dagmar’s mouth “We will have to sit closer and I will have to touch your face.  All you need to do is trust me and relax!”
They readjusted their seating arrangement and then settled down to focus.  Falcon gently raised his hands and placed them on either side of the girls face.  He then instructed her to close her eyes and free her mind.  “Just imagine we are both birds, picture it, feel the feathers ruffled by the breeze and feel your arms become wings.” he instructed the girl.  They sat in silence for a long while and then with a surprised gasp the girl burst out saying “I’m flying!” with much excitement in her voice.  “Settle down sweetling.  Let us fly with our brothers and sisters.  Listen to them and learn from their wisdom.” said Falcon with a voice that sounded very far away.  They sat like that for a long while and by the time they had finished flying with the birds Falcon had his hands resting in his knees as the girl noticed when she opened her eyes.  She felt utter exhaustion yet very exhilarated by the whole experience.  “Well sweetling, how was that?  Did you notice that after you found your wings I did not lead you anymore?  You have an extraordinarily strong gift my little darling.”  The girl had not noticed but was very proud of that fact “I only knew I was flying with the birds, that I WAS a bird.  Oh the feeling of freedom was just amazing.  Thank you so much Gentle Father for taking the time to teach me such a wonderful new thing.” She said as she leaned over and gave the man a big kiss on the cheek, which made him blush a little.
They sat for a while enjoying the sunshine but a very loud rumble made them both look around.  Another loud rumble had them both in stitches laughing because the rumble, they realised, came from both their hungry tummies.  They decided it was time for them to go back and possibly find some food as well.











Invitation 
 The palace was a hive of activity by the time Falcon and Dagmar returned.  “What is going on? What is all this activity for?” asked Falcon one of the busy faeries as she busily walked past them with her arms full of colourful material. “We are having another special feast tomorrow evening Gentle Father.” she replied.  “And what is this feast in aid of?” he asked “I am not sure sir.  We were all told this mid-morning that we were having a big celebration and we have been busy sorting and organising since then. That is all I know sir.” the faery answered.  They decided to go in search of food and information in the one place both would be in abundance.  As they entered they were bombarded by the hustle and bustle of the heart of the palace and then their nostrils were besieged with mouth-watering smells of all kinds.  Feeorin spotted the pair and came to greet them “Oh sweetling, I am SO happy to see you!  After you disappeared we were all so worried and upset.  When we heard you were alright and safe, I must admit that a lot of us had a little party to celebrate such marvellous news.” “Merry Meet Feeorin, I am sorry to have caused so much worry. I would like to introduce you to Falcon the Wise One.”    Feeorin turned to Falcon “Merry Meet gentle father, it is such an honour to meet you, sir” she said with awe in her voice and then performed a deep courtesy.  “Merry Meet, Feeorin.  Please don’t make a fuss; I am but a simple man.  I see that our sweetling here has touched many hearts and that is good.” replied the man “we are looking for two things, the first is some food, if you have any to spare and the second is to find out what this celebration feast tomorrow evening is for.” Laughing heartily Feeorin replied “with the food I can surely help you both; the feast is a total mystery to me.  I was asked to make my most wonderful recipes but what is actually happening?  No idea, I was sort of hoping you could tell me.”  she said with a wink and a smile. 
“Let me see what tit bits I can find you.  How hungry are you and what would you prefer? Fruit or something a little more substantial?” Feeorin asked.  “I am thinking something a little more substantial would be good.  We have been busy flying with bird and talking to worms.  I am learning to use one of my gifts.” explained the girl.  Feeorin looked at them and shook her head as she walked away as she mumbled “Flying with birds? Talking to worms?”  Falcon and Dagmar found two stools and wanting to stay out of the way of all the busy kitchen staff they sat down and waited for the chief cook to return.  A little while later Feeorin returned with a small basket with a colourful cloth tucked over the top “In here my lovelies you will find some nice fresh bread rolls, some cheese, a few pieces of fruit and two containers of fresh fruit juice.  Do you think that will be enough?” “Oh Feeorin I do believe that will keep us going for a while.  Thank you so much.” replied Falcon as he took the basket off her hands.  As they left the kitchen many smiling faces watched them go. 
After they left the kitchen they headed for a small secluded grassy area which had high green hedges which had many small colourful blossoms around three sides with the fourth side being the wall of the palace.  A small arch opening gave them access to this area without having to having to walk through the palace proper. As they settled at one of the small round tables they uncovered the basket to see what the chief cook had given them.  They were overwhelmed with Feeorins generosity as they kept pulling out more and more lovely food as well as a lovely cloth for their table.  As they set their small picnic table they found that not only had she packed lovely fresh bread and cheese but also some sweet spread made from berries as well as some of the chief cooks speciality ‘Sun Blessing’ which was a yellow wobbly substance and very tasty, as Dagmar remembered from the picnic with Titania.  “What is this yellow wobbly stuff?” the man asked Dagmar, who was feeling very pleased with herself because she had knowledge to impart instead of the other way around.  “Feeorin invented this and she calls it ‘Sun Blessing’ and it is very yummy.  We should leave that for the end because it is so special.”  she suggested.  They sat in silence and ate with the occasional delighted and appreciative sounds being made by them.
Just as Falcon and Dagmar were finishing off the ‘Sun Blessing’ as Rhiannon and Titania arrived.  “I told you we would find them eating somewhere Titania.  I know my darling husband too well.” Rhiannon said to Titania who laughed at that saying “Yes after being together for as long as you two have been, you are bound to know each other inside and out.  Oberon and I are similar.” The two ladies slowly strolled toward the eating pair, as they neared, Falcon got up from his seat and greeted his wife affectionately and said “You, my darling know me better than I know myself.” with a chuckle.  He then turned to Titania and bowed elegantly whilst he took her hand and kissing her palm gently “Would you two lovely ladies care to join us?  Dagmar and I can tell you about the conversations with earth worms and other fascinating creatures.” he said with a wink directed at the girl, who grinned cheekily.  The two ladies laughed “Earth worms!?” asked Titania.  Falcon found two chairs and positioned them at the table and helped the women to their seats “Thank you Falcon” said Rhiannon and Titania together.  “So what DID you do?” asked Titania looking at the girl.  “Falcon helped me to learn to use my gift, to communicate with animals.  It was hard and all I managed to find was a rabbit and an earth worm.  Worms tickle inside your head when you talk to them.” they all laughed at that.  “Falcon then suggested I go flying with the birds AND we DID!  It was a little scary at first but Falcon was right there with me so I wasn’t frightened for long.  It was amazing!” continued the girl.  Falcon was looking very pleased with himself and grinned “I don’t manage to take many with me to go flying with the bird’s sweetling.  Many who have this gift just can’t get past having their minds leave the ground and fly free.  You are a very brave young soul and I am more than happy to take you flying again AND maybe one day you can take me.” re-joined the man.  
They continued to chat for a while and then Titania became serious “Sweetling tomorrow evening we are having a celebration in yours and Ragnars honour.  There will be many people who will be attending.  I would like to invite you to come to my private garden this evening.”   Dagmar looked at Titania and Rhiannon with a quizzical look “Yes certainly Titania.  Is there something wrong?  You look so serious at the moment that I feel as if I did something wrong and am about to get into trouble.” “Oh no my darling sweetling, you have done NOTHING wrong.  There are some things I would like to share with you.” replied Titania in a calm voice.  Rhiannon turned to Titania and asked Titania “Were we not meant to go and see how Feeorin is coping with all this extra cooking?” “Oh dear.  Yes we were.  Let us go and see if we can help.  We will see you later.”  The women got up with Rhiannon turning to her husband with a big smile on her face “Please don’t lead our sweetling astray my darling.” bent down and kissed his cheek.
After the women left the girl was still not sure about the evening’s invitation and Falcon saw the look of concern on her face “I would not worry too much darling little one.  Titania is a good woman who does not let the grass grow under her feet, if there were trouble she would have spoken to you immediately.” he said in a soothing voice.  They sat in silence for a while, both deep in thought.  “Come sweetling, let us clean up our mess and then we can find something else to do.” Dagmar nodded in agreement and they set to the task.  “I think I might go and have a little sleep.  All that talking to animals and flying with birds is exhausting.” said the girl after they finished cleaning up “You do look a bit tired little one.  Go and have asleep and I will come and wake you when it is near meal time.” answered the man with a gentle smile.















Revelations 
 After the evening meal, it was a simple affair, which Dagmar ate in the company of Falcon, who brought to her room.  The girl followed by Falcon went to Titanias private rooms.  The big oak doors looked ominous to her, as she stood in front of it.  Timidly she knocked.  “Enter” was the immediate response, as the girl reached for the door handle she saw that her hand was trembling slightly and Falcon gave her shoulder a gentle squeeze.  She took a deep breath to steady herself and opened the door.  Dagmar saw that Titania was not alone, Ragnar was also there sitting on a large cushion on the floor, Oberon standing a few steps away leaning against the mantle of a very large fireplace chatting to Beriothien and Titania standing near the door which led into the garden.  Titania walked towards the girl holding her arms open “Ah Dagmar, my darling little one, I am glad you are here.  Come let us all go out into the garden.” everybody followed Titania and the girl out into the garden which was lit by thousands of little fire flies that were scattered all through the large hedge and the big tree, twinkling like stars lighting the area with a gentle light.
There were chairs and small tables at their sides which were arranged in a circle.  Titania indicated to a seat for Dagmar on the left of a chair that was a twin of another which Oberon chose and a little more decorative than the others.  Ragnar was directed to the seat to the right of that same chair and Beriothien sat next to Oberon.  Falcon chose the seat next to the boy and Rhiannon sat between him and Beriothien.  As everyone settled Titania walked around and offered to fill the goblets which were already on the small tables with fruit juice and then sat sown between the two children.
“Thank you all for joining us here this fine evening” said Oberon, turning slightly he looked at the girl “Dagmar” looking deep into her eyes “there has been an incredible mystery with your arrival here.  Your appearance has brought many questions to our minds and we have searched for answers.  These answers have to be told in order, so please be patient with us” he said with a gentle smile and a pleading look in his eyes.  Titania cleared her throat and then reached for her goblet and took a sip “Darling sweetling I must give you a little history lesson, I suppose it would be about my children and theirs.  I am the proud mother of two daughters, twins actually.  Now twins are very, very rare in our races, Lillianna and Tittianna.  You have met Lillianna and her lovely husband Randolph and they are the proud parents of Niamh whom you have also met.  Tittianna had a child as well her name was Earwin.  Now Earwin fell in love with an Elf and they went and live in the human realm because the father of the elven prince, at that time had a feud of sorts with us fae, a miss understanding actually.” she stopped and took another mouthful of fruit juice.
“They lived in the human realm under a glamor which caused the humans to not see the pointed ears and they could also make themselves gradually age, they moved around so no human became suspicious of their long life.  Tittianna and her husband Walker decided to spend some time also in the human realm and lived also near the village.  Earwin fell pregnant with twins but she went to the Summerlands shortly after the birth, the prince was out hunting at the time and was actually gored by a large bear and was seriously injured and near death.  Before Earwin went into labour with the twins eleven soldiers had arrived and had a message for the elven prince and it was while they were waiting for the prince to return that Earwin began labouring.  They assisted her with the birthing and as she was preparing to go to the Summerlands they also made an oath to take one of the twins to Tittianna and Walker to take care of and the other was to be returned to our realm to be raised by us.” she stopped and took another mouthful.  
Oberon began to speak “The prince was not killed as everyone assumed from the injuries they could see and the lifeless body was still guarded by the massive bear.  They crept away and waited for a while, watching all that evening and night to see if the prince moved or the bear would leave, neither happened though, so they returned to their comrades.  The bear left sometime during the night, as dawn was breaking an old woman who was out gathering herbs stumbled across him.  She went and got her son and they carried him back to their home.  She cleaned and stitched the princes’ wounds and set his broken leg and shoulder.  He spent many weeks sleeping and at times wrestling with high fevers as the old woman nursed him slowly to health.  Eventually he woke up and after she explained to him what had happened and how long he had been ill it took the womans son and her slight weight to stop the prince from trying to get out of bed.  They calmed him and explained his injuries to him and asked him what the urgency was.  The prince explained and the son offered to travel to their home and let his wife know that he was well and explain what happened.  The young fellow took off immediately and returned late that night with a sad face.  He described how he arrived and the house was deserted and so he went looking in the garden and there he found a mound which looked like a grave, a flat stone that had strange symbols was at one end as were flowers.  He took the stone and put it in a small flour sack he found in the kitchen and went to the village to ask where the occupants of the house were.  That’s where he heard the sad news of our granddaughter and that the babe was with the mother’s family.  He returned to his home and reported his findings to the prince and showed him the stone.  The prince looked at the symbols and began to cry, it was a grave marker ‘here rests Earwin of the Fae’.”  Oberon stopped and took a deep breath, reaching for his goblet and drained it in one gulp. 
Dagmar was spell bound and as she dragged her eyes away from Oberon and looked around she could see that everyone was in a similar state.  She leaned forward and looked in the boys’ direction and saw that he was also leaning forward looking in her direction; they smiled and leaned back in their seats.  Oberon continued “The prince was heartbroken.  He slowly began to regain his strength, with the help of the young man he began to walk again once his leg started to heal.  Soon he was walking with the aid of a sturdy stick.  Once he was fully recovered he stayed for the winter and helped hunt and trap what little game there was for food.  The next spring he bade them farewell and left to walk the forests as he told the old woman he was planning to do so until the pain in his heart eased.”  Oberon stopped and glanced at Beriothien “he returned three weeks ago.”  
There was a commotion at the double doors, all heads turned, in walked the only two people that Dagmar had never expected to see there, her Om and Opa.  “Tittianna!  Walker! Oh it is SO GOOD to see you again.  I am so happy that you managed to get here in time.” cried Titania as she walked over to them, reaching for one and then the other giving them both big hugs.  Dagmar had leapt out of her chair and reached them moments after Titania finished hugging them but stopped dead in her tracks, whilst she was looking at them their features blurred and became much younger, their hair remained the same it was  only their faces.  The girls jaw dropped.  Oma looked at the girl with sad eyes “I am so sorry my little sweetling.” Began Tittianna but Titania put her hand on her granddaughters arm, stopping her.  “Let us go and sit down.  Everything will be explained.  Please be patient.” said Titania steering people back to the circle of chairs.  Oberon had found two more seats and had placed then into the group.  Slowly everybody settled in their seats again and order was regained.  Dagmar was feeling angry at the deception and confused as to what this all meant.
Titania sat down and turned to look at the girl “Sweetling, you are the little babe who was left with the princess’s parents” “Where is the other abbe then?” asked the girl.  Ragnar got up and knelt in front of Dagmar “I am that babe.  I was only informed about it all a few days ago after Beriothien came back.  I did not notice it until it was pointed out to me and neither have you.  come and have a look in the mirror, just you and me.” The boy took her hand and led her inside to a large mirror.  They both stood in front of it and Dagmars eyes grew as round as saucers.  Their reflections were nearly identical except that she was a girl and he was a boy. “We are the twins in the story that the story teller told?  Why did this happen?” she turned and went to confront her Oma and Opa.  “Why did you not come back here and raise me with Ragnar?  Why did you hide me?” she asked.
“Until recently we still thought that Tud was having his little temper tantrum, because the fae live a very long time these things could last hundreds of years.  We did not know that you were a twin, the soldiers only handed this tiny little bundle to me and said that my only child had died giving you life.” replied Tittianna as her voice broke.  Opa put his arm around her shoulder and hugged her to his side, saying nothing.  “We protected your identity with a glamour which since your gifting has dissolved.  Your true form is what you see now and what a human would also see.” said Opa with a broken voice. Dagmar ran to them and hugged them both tight “I love you and I forgive you.  You did what you thought was the right thing.  Keeping me safe was all that mattered to you, I KNOW that.” said the girl in a muffled voice with her face buried in her grandparents clothes.
Ragnar walked over to them and stood shyly to one side, waiting.  Walker looked up and reached his free arm out to the boy and enveloped him in the group hug.  Dagmar pulled away and turned to Titania “Who is my father?” with that Beriothien stepped forward looking shyly her way “I believe that is my honour.” he said in a voice that echoed with longing and pain.  The girl turned to the boy and took him by the hand and led him back inside to the mirror.  She positioned them in front of it and scrutinised both their features.  She shook her head “I have not spent much time in front of a mirror and have not actually LOOKED at you to notice.  Did you notice anything?” she asked the boy looking into his sky blue eyes with hers via the mirror. “No I didn’t until I was told a few days ago.  I paid more attention then and did notice that you have the same shape eyes as me and the same colour eyes.  The white tattoo you have on your face I have the exact same on my shoulder.  Here I will show you.” the boy took off his shirt and turned to show Dagmar his right shoulder.  She looked at it and then compared it with her mirror image and nodded.  “I have always felt that there was a part of me missing.  A sort of hollowness, that can’t be filled.  A sort of emptiness that is too deep to share.” As Ragnar was saying those words Dagmar was slowly nodding her head.  She had felt the same pain and loneliness but put it down to living in such an isolated place and when she did get to the village she always played with the other children.
The rest of the group had wandered into the room and were quietly watching the scene at the mirror.  Beriothien stood in front of the whole group and as the two children looked up via the mirror it seemed that three identical sets of eyes were looking at each other.  He walked towards them and it was the first time the girl noticed that he walked with a slight limp favouring his right leg.  “I am so sorry it has taken so long for the pain in my heart to ease and for me to return.  The joy when I found that I did not lose all of Earwin, she lives on in my two beautiful miracles.” tears were rolling down his cheeks he made no move to wipe them away.  Both children reached over simultaneously and hugged the weeping man.  The group slowly drifted out and went to their own quarters for the night leaving the twins and their father alone.  Titania, Oberon, Walker and Tittianna went and chatted quietly in the garden for a while.   
The three finally stepped back slightly and were all looking a little sheepishly at each other.  Dagmar looked at the elven prince who was her father, trying to digest everything which had occurred.  She then turned to the boy and looked at him and she thought ‘It DOES feel like the hole in me has finally been filled.’ Ragnars eye brows shot up and he stared at the girl “Did you just say something?  I didn’t see your lips move though.” “I was thinking” replied Dagmar.  “Did you just think ‘it does feel like the hole in me has finally been filled’?” asked Ragnar.  It was then the girls turn to look surprised “Yes I did. Oh does this mean when I am sure I heard you when we met up at the waterfall I actually DID hear you?” she stated.   





 The Twins 
For some time after that they sat in silence just looking at each other, but their father knew they were not silent at all, they were doing what only twins could do and that was mind speak.  He went and sat on one of the lounges and made himself comfortable for the wait, resting his head against a soft feather filled pillow.  The twins sat facing each other ‘so we can speak to each other and others can’t hear us?’ asked Dagmar incredulously ‘not from what I have been told because of my grandmother Lillianna.   Oh no let me correct that my foster grandmother.  That just does NOT sound right!’ replied Ragnar, drowning deeply.  The girl reached out and touched his hand, he opened his fingers and they sat with their fingers entwined ‘Niamh has been like a mother to you and Lillianna has been your grandmother and THAT will never change Ragnar. The ONLY thing that has changed is that we have found our other half!’ said the girl ‘this feels very strange I must say, to talk to you and not move my lips and to feel complete for the first time in my life’ the boy nodded ‘I know!  It does feel strange BUT in a good way and yes you are right they have been there and they WILL be there.  Our mother is in the Summerlands and I am sure this is what she would have wanted.  I was surprised when I was introduced to our father and I did have a hard time accepting that he was not in the Summerlands with mother BUT it is nice to have a blood father.’ Both stopped and turned around.  On the lounge resting on an ornate pillow was their father, fast asleep and snoring slightly.  They nearly burst out laughing, clamping their hands over their mouths to stop any of it from escaping.  The twins decided that they should go somewhere one of their rooms so that Titania and Oberon could have their room back.
The children walked into the garden and bade the adult’s good night, warning them that their father was asleep on one of the lounges.  Titania and Oberon gave the twins hugs and kisses and reminded them not to stay up too late, then turned and went to their room.  Ragnar suggested his room, as it was a little closer.  He took his twins hand and led the way, they arrived at large double doors shortly afterwards.  Ragnar reached for both handles and threw the doors open.  “Welcome to my quarters, sister” the boy said shyly.
As Dagmar looked around the room from where she stood at the doors she could see several colourful privacy screens strategically placed to separate the room into sections.  To her left she saw a large table that reminded her of the reading cavern tables with all the large books on it because this one also had books piled on one side with writing implements and sheaves of bleached leaves stacked neatly to the side.  Three of the four chairs were pushed in neatly but the one nearest to the books was at an angle which indicated that the occupant left it in a hurry.  Behind two brightly coloured screens were set at angles separating the two areas was a space that had a beautiful floor rug with small tables and large soft looking cushions scattered around the tables.  At another angle to her right was a third screen and it had the most beautiful exotic flowers with four distinctive, very large petals that were painted in very vibrant reds and blues.  The leaves of these flowers were also very large and of the deepest green.  She could not see what was behind that screen but she did see a large what looked like a wardrobe and so assumed that it was her twins’ bedroom section.  As she looked ahead she saw a large fire place with a wide mantle over the top and on it were many small objects which the girl could not recognize from where she stood.   
The boy headed for the area with the cushions and only saw as he reached for it a tray laden with dishes that had solid covers over them and jugs with lacy covers that had fringes with beads to weigh them down over the top of the jugs tops.  He brought the tray to the largest of the small tables scattered around and put it down.  The boy indicated to his twin to join him on one of the large cushions on the floor.  She sat down and accepted a small plate with the boy indicating that she should help herself.  They had a small feast during which they used their mind speak skills ‘so, how do you feel about all this?’ asked Ragnar looking directly at his twin.  ‘I honestly don’t know.  It does make sense but only the things that have happened since I got here.  At home everything was smooth and simple.’ She replied glad she did not have to use her mouth to speak, just nibble.  Ragnar nodded ‘Yes things were a bit simpler here too but nothing to what has changed in your life though!  How do you feel about US?’ she smiled at him and replied ‘I am not sure.  Yes it answers one thing and that is the hollow inside me is now gone.  The fact of how it actually happened is very sad and I am still trying to get my head around THAT’.  They sat in total silence for a while, wrapped in their own thoughts.  
After they had finished eating and cleaned up they spent time together just getting to know each other.  The twins found that they had much in common and spend a long time talking about their experiences thus far growing up with their respective guardians.  Dagmar began to yawn heartily and they decided that they should continue when they both had a good night’s sleep.  They hugged and kissed each other on the cheek and the girl went to her room to find her bed.   She lay awake a long time thinking about all that had occurred finally falling asleep as dawn was making its presence felt. 
    


Oma and Opa
 Dagmar woke up with the sun full on her face and as she opened her eyes she saw her Oma sitting on the edge of the bed.  “Good morning my liebchen.  How are you feeling?” asked the woman as she got up to give the girl room to get out of bed.  “Good morning Oma.  I am fine.  How are you and Opa?” the girl asked.  The woman walked to a table where a tray had been placed that was loaded with plates and bowls and began setting them out for the girl to inspect.  The girl crawled out of bed and put on a soft light dressing gown over her night gown and went to the table to have a look what was on offer.  The woman sat down at the table and poured herself a goblet of fruit juice.  The girl also sat down and chose a bowl of oat cereal with tiny berries mixed through.  They sat in silence whilst Dagmar ate. 
 Eventually the woman cleared her throat and spoke “Dagmar, we are truly sorry that this has happened.  We had no idea that your father was alive let alone that you had a twin.  If we would have known, we would have returned to the realm and raised you here.”   The girl listened as she ate the last few spoonful, and then replied “Why didn’t you come back any way?  Why did you never tell me?” her voice rose slightly as she spoke the last few words.  Her grandmother reached over the table and took the girls hand into her own, gently rubbing Dagmars fingers wither own.  “Ah, hind sight is wonderful.  What we did and what we could have even should have done.  Opa and I had many heated discussions over the years and if you want to be angry with anyone, then it is me.  I convinced Opa that it would be safer to keep the truth from you.  I now know that was the wrong decision.  We had not had contact with the realm in many cycles and had no idea that the feud which had been going on for many, many cycles was finally resolved.”  
Dagmar looked at her grandmother and saw tears silently rolling down the womans cheeks, the girl stood, walked around the tables and knelt in front of her grandmother and hugged her.   They remained like for a long time savouring the closeness.  After a while they were interrupted by a deep yet familiar voice “AH, my two most favourite ladies, making peace.  It is now my turn to ask for forgiveness.”  The girls grandfather approached them “I did knock!  You two were far too busy to answer.” He said as he stood near the table opposite where Tittianna and Dagmar were “Opa!” said the girl as she released her grandmother, stood and ran into his open arms.  She snuggled her face into his chest, inhaling deeply, smelling the familiar earthy fragrance which was always present.  They stood this way for some time with Dagmars face buried in her grandfather’s chest and his cheek gently resting on the top of her head.  As they separated, the man said “I am truly sorry my liebchen. We should not have kept all this from you.  we were planning on telling you closer to your time of awakening the gifts but all that obviously changed when you arrived here.  Do you know what happened little one?” he asked.  “Ah.  Let ME try and explain THAT.  Mother, I mean Titania and I have tried to work that out.” Interrupted Tittianna “We think that it was your fae blood which called to the realm and our blessed Mother Moon heard and brought you to the in-between, the meadow before the curtain.  And we also suspect it all happened because you were close to your awakening AND Ragnars blood would also have called to yours because he was also nearing his time.” explained the woman looking alternatively at her granddaughter and her husband. 
The girl and her grandfather had separated and found seats during this explanation.  Nodding Dagmar said “That does make sense.  Ragnar had his the same time I had mine.  We can mind speak, so why not our blood calling to its other half.” Both adults looked at the girl “you can mind speak?  Your gifts ARE strong.” said the grandfather with amazement in his voice.  “Last night we spent some time alone together and we worked it out.” answered the girl.   They sat talking for a while and then parted company with the two adults attending to personal tasks and the girl went in search of her twin.
Dagmar walked through the gardens greeting others as they called out to her.  She arrived at Ragnars room just as the Wise Ones did.  “Good Morning sweetling!” both adults said at the same time.  “How are you this morning?” asked Falcon as Rhiannon knocked on one of the big doors.  “Good Morning gentle mother and father.  I am fine thank you.  How are you this morning?” she asked in return as Ragnar opened the door and greeted them all with a big smile “Good Morning gentle mother and father.  Good morning my lovely sister.” He was saying as he reached for her to give her a kiss on the cheek, which she returned.  “I am glad we have you both together.  Rhiannon and I have been thinking about all that has happened to you children.  We understand that it is all due to lack of communication and assumptions.  We were wondering what your thoughts are about it all.  We have all had our say BUT it is you two this whole mess has impacted the most.  How are you both coping?” finished Falcon.  As the man was speaking they had all moved to the left of the doors and sat at the big table.
Ragnar spoke first “It was a shock but it all made sense to me on a deeper level than just in my head.  I feel as if I am complete now.  Before, I always felt as if there was something missing but I could never work out what it was.  I knew Niamh and Router were my foster parents.  They told me a long time ago that my parents had gone to the Summerlands.  I knew they are my aunt and uncle and I accepted that.” He finished speaking and looked at his twin.  Dagmar had sat watching him whilst he spoke and she noticed similarities in mannerisms to her own.  She began to speak “I understand how Ragnar felt about the feeling of something missing and how we now feel complete.  I felt something when we first met at Four Falls.  I heard you, remember and your lips didn’t move?  Neither of us knew at that time we could mind speak.  It is a bit overwhelming but after talking to Oma and Opa this morning, things are not so bad anymore.”  Rhiannon smiled at that saying “Oh sweetling I am glad you spoke with your grandparents.  They were beside themselves when they realised what had happened.  They were feeling very bad about not telling you as you were growing up.  They honestly thought that they were doing the right thing. As parents and grandparents we have a responsibility to make sure we are open and honest with our young ones so that they learn from our example to be also open and honest.  I am very sure if they could turn back time they would make very sure you knew the truth BUT hindsight is a marvellous thing and many lessons can be learnt for the next time.”  Dagmar turned to Ragnar and said “Have you spent time with Oma and Opa yet.  To get to know them a little?” the boy shook his head “Well then we had better do something about that.  How about after you have had your breakfast we go and find them.  They are wonderful people and very loving.” said the girl.  “That is a very good idea sweetling. We will let you break your fast and then you two go and find your grandparents and spend some time getting to know them Ragnar” said Rhiannon as the two adults rose and began walking to the door.  Both children stood and gave both adults a hug and kiss “Thank you for being you.” they both said at the same time and burst out laughing.  
After the Wise Ones left the twins chatted for a little while Ragnar ate “Oma is a wonderful cook and also very clever with herbs, all the people who live in the village come and see her for remedies.   Opa is very clever in the garden and he also is very talented carving small animals out of small bits of wood” Dagmar explained.  After the boy had finished eating they went in search of Oma and Opa.  It did not take the twins long to find them, they were in the main garden talking to Feeorin.  They were greeted with hugs and kisses by both grandparents who then suggested they adjourn to another garden which provide a little more privacy.  Once they arrived they spent many hours chatting and the two adults began to get to know their grandson.  One question which did arise when Ragnar asked.  “I have always wondered why I don’t have a fae name, is it because we were born in the human realm?” “Oh sweetling we are not sure about that.  When the soldiers brought Dagmar they did say that your mother whispered your names just before she went to the Summerlands.  It was ‘Isilotse’ and now thinking about it I suppose that she may have chosen ‘Lothithil’ for you Ragnar, both mean ‘Moon Flower’ male and female version.  When we chose Dagmar we had no idea that Lillianna and Router would choose Ragnar which is also the male version of Dagmar.  But being that Lillianna and I are also twins possibly it was part of our special link.  The Goddess had her hand in this every which way. “She said with a chuckle “Yes, and before you ask, we can also mind speak but only if we are in the same room.” said Oma in response to Ragnars question.  Both children looked at each other ‘Isilotse?’ said Dagmar in mind speak to Ragnar and then him saying ‘Lothithil?’ both shook their heads and laughed.  “I know I like Dagmar and if the other name needs to be used maybe only if very official and special occasion requires it.” Ragnar only nodded vigorously as his twin was speaking.  Oma smiled and said “You have become very good at the mind speak as the looks of things.  How far apart can you be and still hear each other?”  “We have not experimented with that yet BUT it is a fantastic idea Oma we will have to find out how far away we can be from each other before we are out of range.” said Ragnar as he looked at his twin for agreement, which he received with a nod.
After the mid-day meal the twins decided to see how far apart they could be and still communicate.  Ragnar left Dagmar in her small private garden chatting to her all the while as he walked to the forest ‘I like Oma and Opa.  They are very nice people and I am sure with time I will grow to love them as you do.’ He mind spoke as he walked along ‘They are brother.  They have much to tell us about our mother and we can learn a lot from them.’ replied the girl.  As he arrived at the first trees of the forest he told his sister ‘I am at the tree line now and I can still hear you so I will keep walking for a while.  I will tell you what I see to keep things from getting boring.  Is that alright with you?’ to which Dagmar responded ‘That sounds like a good idea.  I was wondering if we can share things we see.’ ‘Oh THAT is a wonderful thought!’ with that he promptly found some very pretty flowers and he began concentrating hard ‘OUCH!  Don’t shout Ragnar’ said the girl as he tried to send her the image of the flowers.  ‘So sorry sister.  I was concentrating really hard to send you an image.  This means that if we think hard we yell?’ ‘Umm I don’t know.  Ooh…are you looking at pretty bright pink flowers?’ ‘Yes I am!  You can see them? WOW! This could come in handy!’ they both laughed out loud at that.  He walked further into the small forest and they found that they still had the link no matter how far the boy walked.  ‘Come back brother.  I think we now know that we can talk from a great distance.  If you could dig up those flowers we can plant them in one of our gardens as a reminder of today.  Would you like that?’ asked Dagmar.  Ragnar grinned at that because he was already doing just that ‘I am way ahead of you dear sweet sister.  I have been digging it out and you know what!  There are two plants so we can have one each!’  Ragnar replied with a happy smile.  The twins spent the rest of the day exploring their gifts and having much fun doing so.

Welcome
 The afternoon of the formal welcome feast was a busy time.  Dagmar had been asked if she would visit Niamh’s rooms, as she arrived the doors were wide open and Niamh stood near them “Merry Meet and welcome sweetling.  I am so pleased you accepted my invitation.  I need to apologise to you for not spending any time with you and I want to make up for it somehow.” said Niamh in a rush.  “Merry Meet aunt Niamh” replied the girl “It’s alright.  I have been very busy myself as you can well imagine and thank you for the invitation.” Niamh smiled and indicated for the girl to enter.  “Ragnar has told me all about you.  he is a different person since he has found you, little sweetling and I am very happy for you both.” She said but Dagmar could see that her aunt’s eyes were moist with unshed tears.  “Aunt, he still loves you.  You were there to give him the motherly love when he had no one else.  Please don’t be sad.  He loves you very much and I think that he is also as confused as I am about our father and how we feel.” said the girl trying to comfort the woman who had in the meantime let the tears silently roll down her cheeks “You are very perceptive and I very much appreciate what you have just said.  You have in a small way reassured me and that is a wonderful gift for my aching heart.” answered Niamh, as she wiped her tears away with the back of her hand.  The girl moved closer and gave her aunt a hug.  Niamh responded to the hug and returned it as a small stifled sob escaped her throat.  Abruptly Niamh moved away from the girl, straightening her shoulders and smiled “Enough of this!  It is a time of joy and celebration and I am just a foolish mother who is feeling a little insecure.  Come my darling I have something for you.  This way, sweetling! ”grasping Dagmar’s hand, Niamh led her through a set of double doors to the right of the main doors.  
The room they entered was enormous with huge windows that let in the daylight and provided a magnificent view of the garden.  The girl let out a small gasp of surprise as she took in the sight.  A waterfall identical to Four Falls was the central water feature with several small bubbling fountains scattered about.  Dagmar looked at it in amazement with her eyes big and round darting from place to place, as she took it all in.  Niamh was watching her niece and smiled at the girls reaction.  “Come sweetling, you can explore the garden any time you want” Niamh said as she gently tugged at the girls hand and led the way to yet another set of double doors at the far end of the room.  As the girl caught sight of the room her eyes grew even larger and rounder.  The room itself was not large but it was filled with all manner of clothing, all neatly hung up in sections with Wouter’s clothing on one side with all his shirts in a cluster as were his pants, his formal garments were from what Dagmar guessed were in a separate area.  There were every day dresses, shirts and pants, boots and cloaks all neatly hanging in their separate sections.  Niamh led the girl to a section dedicated to gowns made of the most delicate spider web silk.  There was one item which hang separately, shrouded in a dark cloth and it was here that the woman stopped.  
“Tonight is going to be a very formal affair little one.  You will be welcomed and officially acknowledged as a child of the real and a daughter of this family.  You will have to let your wings out; we do that for very important or official events.”  Niamh smiled at her niece and let her own wings out slowly “I have a gift” with that statement the woman reached up and pulled the cover off.  Underneath was the most amazing gown which glittered with mother of pearl beads as well as tiny sparkling crystals.  It had a blinding white under dress with long sleeves and the points at the bottom dragged on the ground.  It was long and looked to be puffed up and wide from the waist down.  All the other gowns the girl had seen hung down from the waist in a plainer looking style after seeing this particular gown.  Niamh was watching the girl as she took it all in “This dress was the gown I wore on my gifting.  I would like to give it to you for your welcoming as MY welcoming gift,” Dagmar turned and stared at her aunt, mouth slightly ajar “Aunt, it’s BEAUTIFUL!! Oh thank you SO much!” gushed the girl, unable to believe her ears and eyes.  “I knew it was a special feast but nobody told me it was an official feast.” said the girl.  “That is my fault sweetling” laughed Niamh “with everything that has unfolded I suggested that we not tell you about it until the day so that you didn’t have yet more on your mind.  There is nothing to worry about darling.  Oberon will say a few words and then do the acknowledgement.  There is a short oath which we all take after our gifting.  Then the feasting begins with music, dancing and entertainment after wards.” 
“Come and try it on darling.  Let us see how beautiful you will look. Oh and your hair, those beautiful ringlets!  I just adore your hair sweetling.” said Niamh as she gently touched her nieces’ hair.  Niamh led Dagmar to a privacy screen and brought the dress over to her “Here sweetling.  Try it on and we will see if there are any adjustments to be made.  I honestly don’t think there will be because you have a very similar shape to what I had at your age.” she said as she turned away to give the girl some privacy “If you need help just call out darling.” 
Dagmar looked closely at the gown and saw that she may need help with some of the lacing at the back.  She slipped out of her mid-calf dress and carefully removed the under dress from its hanger and stepped into it, wriggling it over her small hips and slipping her arms into the long sleeves.  The material as it slid down her arm felt cool and smooth.  The skirt was a fluffy affair with many layers of light material that gave the gown the wide skirt.  There were no noticeable laces to do up so Dagmar carefully took the gown and carefully placed it on the carpet and stepped into it, pulling it up she had a little struggle with the hem of the under dress which was very wide, “Aunt Niamh, could you come and help me please?” “On my way” called the woman from the other room.  Niamh came and helped the girl and then adjusted a lace opening at the back “Let out your wings sweetling.  I have adjusted the splits in the right spots but it depends how wide the base of your wings is as to if you will be comfortable or we have minor adjustments.  The dress looks as if it was made for you darling.” The woman stepped back to give the girl room to let her wings out, as she did it, was obvious that no alterations needed to be made.  Niamh was ecstatic as she stepped back to admire her niece in the gown “Oh my!  This gown WAS made for you!  It suits you in every way.  Come over here sweetling, I have a floor length mirror where you can have a look yourself.”  
As the girl saw her reflection she could not believe her eyes “Oh Aunt” she breathed “it is just beautiful!” Dagmar continued.  “Since it is already near mid-day, would you like to join me and then you can either go to your rooms and bathe or stay here and you can bathe here and we can then dress your hair and get you dressed.” “I would love to share the mid-day meal with you and I think it is a good idea to have your help with my hair and dress.  Thank you Aunt Niamh.” responded the girl.  “Well then, let us get you out of this and we can see what lovely things Feeorin has given us for our meal.” suggested the woman as she began to undo lacing and assist the girl out of the two dresses.
After a leisurely lunch, which they had in the garden and a little time of general chatting and relaxing the bath arrived and was being filled.  Niamh began to fuss about organising new under garments to be brought to the rooms for the girl, who was having a luxurious hot bath.  Niamh washed Dagmar’s hair and rinsed it, she then helped the girl get out of the bath, wrapping her into a massive fluffy sheet which absorbed the water on her body leaving her skin dry.  The woman led her niece to a small table with a mirror and indicated for her to sit down; she then picked up a long wide toothed comb and began untangling the girls’ wet hair.  In no time Dagmar’s hair was untangled and hanging half way to the floor from where the girl was sitting, in gentle ringlets.  Niamh then began using a small cloth of very absorbent material and gently rubbed each ringlet separately, drying each piece of hair as she went along.  Once Niamh was satisfied she began to braid and comb the girls’ hair until it was a glittering mass of silver white.  Dagmar looked into the mirror and her aunt stood behind her with a smaller hand mirror, to show the girl the back of her hair.  She saw many small beads in a simple braid with hair hanging loose in coils some cascading down her back and some tumbling over her shoulders and landing in the girls lap.
Dagmar enjoyed spending time with her aunt, who taught her many things a lady needed to know.  Niamh showed the girl how to make her cheeks be rosy and how to apply a black oily charcoal on her eye lashes and near the eyes to make her eye shape a little more slanted which Niamh called kohl.  They sniffed all the different perfumes Niamh had on another small table and laughed as they began to sneeze helplessly.  The garden was also explored and Niamh got to know her niece and learnt about her life with the girls’ grandparents.  The woman was very impressed with the in-depth education Dagmar had received from her grandmother about herbal lore and medicinal uses.  She also found that the girl had a cheeky sense of humour which was very similar to Ragnars as were the many mannerisms that were identical to her foster son.  As the sun was going down they went inside and began preparations for the feast.  Niamh suggested they help each other to which Dagmar readily agreed.  They both went behind their individual privacy screens and changed into their underdresses.  It did not take the girl long even though she did have to do a little tugging to have the skirt fluffy “Would you like some help Aunt Niamh?” asked the girl “yes please sweetling.  I seem to have some trouble here.” replied the woman as she stepped out from behind the privacy screen.  “I seem to have tangled the lacing on this sleeve.  The Goddess only knows why there are such long ribbons used on a sleeve gathering!” said Niamh in and exasperated voice.  They spent the next little while untangling the ribbon.
Dagmar then went behind the screen to fetch her aunt’s gown and returned with an emerald green dress that had intricate stitching with green crystals incorporated into the pattern.  The underdress, which was a deep sea green almost blue, brought out the glistening spider silk over dress.  Niamh’s gown did not have a fluffy skirt, as the girl had begun to call that look, as she looked down at her own skirt.  Once all was adjusted and laced it was Niamh's turn to assist the girl and a lot of tugging and adjusting ensued once the overdress was in place, laces were tied and wings gently let out.  Niamh stood back and admired their handiwork “Oh! I almost forgot the slippers and accessories.  Stay right there sweetling.  Don’t move a muscle.” she said as she turned and rushed out of the room, returning a few moments later with several boxes in her arms.  She deposited them on a table nearby and began sifting through the pile “Ah here they are these are the slippers for your gown.  Here try them on, sit on that stool sweetling.” Niamh suggested pointing at a low stool not far from where they stood as she handed the girl the slippers and turned to the pile again sorting out items.  Dagmar sat and tried on the slippers which fitted again as if made for her, she stood and did a small pirouette in front of the tall mirror.  Niamh laughed and indicated for the girl to sit down so she can finish dressing her hair and finish making up the girls face as the woman called it.  She fussed over the girls face “I am so enjoying this time we have spent together little one.  I now imagine what it would be like to have a daughter.  You are VERY much like Ragnar and it is an absolute joy to be your aunt.” said Niamh as she reached for yet another item resting on the table and then began to make adjustments to Dagmar’s hair.  “I have had a wonderful time with you aunt Niamh and I am so glad you are here so I can ask you things about how to be a lady.  You have taught me so much today.” replied the girl.  “AH! There!  I think that’s it.  Let me have a look now.” Niamh stood the girl up and looked at her critically from all angles and then a satisfied smile crept onto the womans face.  She took the girl by the shoulders and turned her towards the tall mirror and stepped back. 
The young woman who looked back at the girl was a total stranger to Dagmar.  She looked down at this stranger and saw a gown which looked at if the girl was surrounded by a white, glittering cloud and as her eyes travelled up she saw a stunning bodice, which she did not notice on the dressing.  It had a simple design of spirals and circles inter twined with leaves, similar to the tattooing on her face.  The bodice glittered with many tiny clear crystals sewn into the design with every breath the girl took.  Her eyes travelled up to the hair, there she saw something glittering and upon closer inspection she saw that it was a small crown “Well sweetling?  What do you think?” asked Niamh as she stepped behind Dagmar.  “I…I…I don’t know what to say aunt.  Who is this beautiful young lady?  I am very sure it is not me!” answered the girl staring at her reflection.  With a satisfied smile the woman said “I am SO happy that you like what you see darling.  You ARE beautiful my sweet.” The girl reached up to the crown “What is this aunt?” Niamh replied “Your crown, sweetling.  You are a princess and this crown is your birth right.”  The girl spun around and looked at her aunt “I had no idea.  Yes I have heard people say Queen Titania but … but how does that…..” she trailed off “Titania is YOUR grandmother and so she is your mother and my Oma’s mother, am I right?” “Yes sweetling Queen Titania is your great grandmother” answered Niamh “and with that you are Princess Isilotse daughter of the realm, a title you will have to get used to because tonight you will be introduced like that BUT we will still call you Dagmar.  The same will be happening with Ragnar” informed the woman as she made her face up with small pots of colour and small brushes at her fingertips.
As they made their way from Niamh's rooms to the feast, to which they flew low to the ground at a stately manner, much bowing and genuflecting with Niamh and the girl waving in response.  “You are doing very well darling.  When we have official feasts and other things we fly as we are at the moment and we will be greeted differently to when we are walking around.  You are doing very well indeed, a natural.  Oh look there is Ragnar!” said the woman as she immediately veered to the left and towards her son, with Dagmar close on her heels.  Ragnar greeted them with a huge grin “WOW! You two look BEAUTIFUL!” he said as he bowed low as he took Niamh's hand and kissed it gently and then turning to his twin doing the same thing.  He stopped and looked at her admiringly ‘You ARE very beautiful, sister’ he thought and winked at his twin as he saw her blushing. 
They all moved to the central platform which was set with chairs in a row.  Titania was already there and she greeted them with hugs and kisses and then showed the twins to their respective seats with Ragnar to Titanias right and Dagmar next to Oberon who was seated to the left of Titania.  Lillianna sat next to Ragnar with her husband Router to her right and Niamh sat next to him with Wouter, her husband on her right.  To the left of Dagmar sat her Oma, Tittianna and next to her was Walker who had Beriothien as his neighbour.  Everyone had gathered and found their respective seats, the crowd began to quieten.  As Dagmar looked out she had never imagined that there would be so many faeries living in the realm.  
Oberon stood and began to speak “Gentle Fae.  We have reason for much celebration.  As you know our long lost children have been returned to us safely.  Beriothien son of Tud and Addylyn after many years living in the human realm returned to us with many sad tales but we have also a happy ending.” With that statement Oberon turned and indicated for the twins to join him “This is the happy ending” he said putting his arms around the twin’s shoulders “I wish to introduce you to” he turned towards Dagmar “Princess Isilotse first born twin daughter of Princess Earwin and Crown Prince Beriothien of the Elves; Granddaughter of Crown Princess Tittianna and Walker, Crown Princess Addylyn and Prince Tud of the Elves AND Great granddaughter of King Zebulon and Queen Evangeline of the Elves and Queen Titania and myself King Oberon of the Fae.” everyone cheered and then he turned to Ragnar and said I wish to now introduce you to Prince Lothithil second born twin son of Princess Earwin and Crown Prince Beriothien of the Elves; foster son of Princess Uruviel and Prince Bellmaethorion; Grandson of Crown Princess Tittianna and Walker, Crown Princess Addylyn and Prince Tud of the Elves AND Great grandson of King Zebulon and Queen Evangeline of the Elves and Queen Titania and myself King Oberon of the Fae.” and the crowd went wild again.
Oberon indicted for the twins to return to their seats “As you all know there has been much tragedy over the past twelve cycles BUT out of tragedy comes joy as we have seen with the return of one thought gone to the Summerlands and return of one not known to exist.” He turned to the twins and said “there is an oath which all sweetlings take after their gifting and I would like to invite you both to make that same oath now.” Both children leaned forward to see each other past the other people seated, locked eyes, nodded, got up walked to the king “Yes your Highness we are” they said as one.  Oberon pulled himself to his full height and towered over the top of the twins “The Gifting Oath.  Do you Princess Isilotse and you Prince Lothithil promise by the Goddesses Luna and Gaya to use your gifts to heal and protect, to do as you see fit but to harm none?” “I do” the twins yet again said as one “So Mote It Be!” replied Oberon and the gathered crowd which then began to cheer wildly.  “Now that the formalities are completed, we still have another minor formality to conduct and that is for us to rejoice, feast and make merry!” said King Oberon in a loud voice.
The crowd on the platform began to rise and move to the steps or fly to the ground and moved to a large table set in the centre of many smaller tables where all the visitors, guests and castle residents sat, the feast was becoming a noisy affair with much laughter.  The twins sat together and enjoyed the variety of sweet breads and other marvellous creations by the chief cook Feeorin.  Titania got up near the end of the feast and walked around to where the twins were seated and gave them both a small parcel delicately wrapped in spider silk with little flowers tucked into the folds “A small gift to remember this night by my darlings.” she stooped and gave them both a small kiss on the top of their heads and went back to her seat.  The twins looked at each other and then carefully began to open the parcels, both reaching their objective at the same time and both gasping.  Cushioned in soft cotton wool were nestled small identical pendants with a five pointed star in a circle attached to a delicate yet very strong chain.  Both looked in their great grandmother’s direction and mouthed ‘thank you’.  Both slipped the chains over their heads and hung their gifts around their necks.   
The celebrations lasted long into the night with much dancing and entertainments such as jugglers, acrobats and singers.  The twins danced much and accepted many congratulation handshakes and blessings.  ‘I don’t know about you but I am exhausted brother.  I think I will try and get away and go to bed.’ thought Dagmar as she was looking for her brother in the crowd ‘I am way ahead of you sister.  I have already bid all the elders good night and am sitting under the arch near the small unicorn fountain waiting for you.’  The girl smiled at that and began looking for at least some of the elders to say good night and not be rude and just go to bed.  She spotted Oma made her way to her “Oma I am getting very tired and I want to go to bed.  Could you say ‘Good Night’ to everyone for me please?  It will take me for ever to try and catch everyone“ asked the girl as she was giving the woman a hug.  “Of course liebchen!  Sleep well my precious darling and we will see you in the morning.” She kissed the girl on the fore head and then eyelids and then a small kiss on the lips then turned her gently and gave her a small shove to get her off to bed.
The twins met up near the unicorn fountain and sat quietly listening to the faint sound of music and laughter which the breeze brought to them.  “I am very tired Ragnar.  I am going to go to bed.  What are planning to do?” “The same I think.  I am exhausted and just want to sleep.  I will walk you to your room if you want.” Replied the boy as they began to walk towards Dagmar’s room.  “I wonder if we can have our rooms a little closer.” Said Dagmar all of a sudden “Hahahaha I was just thinking the same thing.  It would be nice to have you next door.  We can ask in the morning if you want.” replied Ragnar laughing.  As they reached the girls room both were yawning so hard they had tears in their eyes.  “Sweet dreams brother dearest.” said the girl as she kissed her twin on the eye lids and then the cheeks and then the lips to which he responded with identical actions, both smiled and Dagmar turned to open the door and enter her room.














 
Farewells
As the sun rose and the palace began to wake up, some with sore heads and others sore feet, all were in high spirits.  Much hustle and bustle in the corridors of the palace woke Dagmar from a dream filled slumber.  She stretched and yawned, then crawled out from under the covers and walked out into her private garden where a small table was already set up with a tray that had many small jugs and bowls covered with lace doylies with beads in their fringe to weigh them down.  The girl turned away and went back inside to go and wash her face and perform her morning ablutions and quickly get dressed.  In a flash she was back outside ready to demolish whatever was on the tray.  
There was a knock on the door and then a commotion as several people walked through the room to reach the garden.  Sunna and Fawn with Rhiannon and Falcon close behind stepped into the garden, all greeting the girl and wishing her a good morning.  “We have come to bid our farewells sweetling” Sunna was saying as the girl gave them a quizzical look “we all have many things to do and even though it is wonderful to be here there are duties we are responsible for and duty waits for no one” explained Rhiannon as she saw the sad look which had crept into Dagmars eyes. Fawn moved forward and held out her hand “Here is a small gift of friendship and welcome from my heart to yours your highness” she said with a cheeky grin as she curtsied, which cause the girl to burst out laughing.  Dagmar carefully opened the small bundle and found a green and brown bracelet the width of her little finger, intricately braided with small pieces of polished bark and crystals interwoven “Here let me put it on for you. See that loop there and the larger crystal link and that will keep it safely on your wrist.  The bark is there for the buffering and the crystals are for the number of days you were with us at the village.” explained Fawn as she secured the bracelet on the girls left wrist.  The girl hugged and kissed and bade each other ‘Merry Part’.  
Rhiannon stepped up next and she also had a small parcel in her hand which she placed into the girls hands “I also have a small gift for you sweetling.” and the girl began unwrapping yet another small parcel, in this one she found a blue/black feather on a silk string “It is a Magpie feather sweetling.  It may help buffer the chatter of animals when you gifts are stronger and they have become comfortable with you.” Rhiannon explained as she placed it into a long thin pouch that she had made to keep the feather safe and handed it to the girl “I am so very pleased and grateful that I was permitted to be present at your gifting sweetling.  Practice your gifts and please come and visit any time.  Merry Part until we meet again.” The woman said as she kissed and hugged Dagmar.  
Falcon came next and he also had something in his hand but it was not a parcel but a hand full of feathers, many very colourful “It has been a privilege watching you grow in the short while I have known you.  My feathered friends have also taking a liking to you.  They have all contributed to this little collection.  They are happy to take you flying any time you want and will teach you marvellous things as well.  If you ever need me take this dark blue one and put it to your forehead and I will know, this is what you do with them all, touch your forehead with one and you will make contact with that bird.  Merry Part my sweet until we meet again” the man said as he kissed her cheeks and turned to stand next to his wife.  Sunna stepped into his place and handed the girl a necklace made out of shells “To remind you of your time at Four Falls, not the horrid things, but all the nice things.  It will also serve as a marker to all water tribes that you are a member of the Four Falls family.  It has been a pleasure to have been a part of your amazing journey and I look forward to more amazing things to come.  Merry Part until we meet again sweetling” hugging the girl and giving her a kiss on the cheek Sunna turned and led the way out the door.  Dagmar stood in stunned silence and watched he door close and silence which followed.  She looked at her wrist and then at the feathers and shells and smiled thinking ‘Thank you and I love you all’.  
The girl left her room and went in search of her brother ‘Ragnar!  Where are you?’ ‘I am in my garden, breaking my fast.  Come through.  I have spoken to mother and she is arranging the rooms next to mine to be set up for you.  There is even a connecting and the garden is only separated by a long high hedge’ he told her excitedly.  Dagmar smiled and hurried to her twins’ rooms, arriving as he began to clean up the bowls and plates and stacking them on the tray.  “Good Morning brother!” she said in a happy voice “How did you sleep?  I had a brilliant sleep and this morning I had Sunna, Fawn and the Wise Ones come to my room and bid me farewell” she said in a tumble of words.  Ragnar frowned “I didn’t know they were leaving so soon.  Have they left yet?” he asked just as there was a knock on his door “Enter” he called and Sunna led the way into the room with the Wise Ones and Fawn at the rear.
“We have come to bid you farewell young prince and to give you some small tokens of welcome” Rhiannon said as she handed him a small string of bleached white pieces of bark, on closer inspection inscriptions could be seen on each piece “This is for enhancement and protection when you use your tracker gift.  Merry Part until we meet again and I must say you are an exceptional pair.” She said as she turned and made way for Falcon, who handed the boy a feather that shimmered blue/green with touches of lilac “If ever in need of a guide call this fellow and he will be more than happy to oblige.  Merry Part until we meet again.” And he formally shook hands with the boy and then made way for Sunna and Fawn “We don’t know you very well but since we have gotten to know Dagmar and feel we know you.  These shells give you safe passage, shelter and aid from any water village when you ever travel.  Merry Part young man.  It has been a pleasure getting to know you.” said Sunna and Fawn smiled saying “Merry Part Ragnar and you are always welcome in our village.”  She leaned forward and gave him a shy kiss on the cheek, blushing she turned and followed the others out of the room.
The twins looked at each other surprised by the sudden departure identical to when they had visited Dagmar not that long ago.  “Why were they rushing away like that?  Not even a chance to say thank you properly!” asked the boy as he looked questioningly at his sister who shrugged her shoulders “this is exactly how they arrived and departed from my room.  I have no idea but I am glad they came and let us know they were leaving.  I know Fana had to leave because there was something happening back at the village.  She came by quickly before she left a few days ago.” said the girl as she followed her brother back out into the garden. 
They sat down and the boy inspected the gifts which had been given to him as there was yet another knock on the door.  “Come in” called Ragnar as he stood and was heading to the doors to see who it was, as they opened and Tittianna and Walker walked in “I don’t know if her heard or not darling” the twins heard the woman saying.  “Good Morning Oma!  Good Morning Opa!  How are you?” asked the girl as she gave them both a kiss on the cheek.  “I know I slept like a log sweetling” replied Opa with Oma glancing at him with raised eyebrows “I also slept well darling and I can vouch for Opa sleeping like a log.  He snored most of the night again.” said Oma.  “Enough if this we have come to find out what your plans are sweetling.  We have to go back to the human realm to sort out a few things and tie up loose ends and then we are planning on coming back her and build a small cottage in the forest and live there.  What is it you would like to do.” asked Oma looking from the girl to the boy and back again.  “Can we cover my tattoos Oma?  Or will they disappear if we use a glamour?” asked Dagmar hopefully “No sweetling they will be there permanently and until you are a little older no matter what we did they would shine through.  Glamour might work but they too are no match for new gifts.” explained Oma patiently.  “I know I have a lot to learn and it looks as if I have no choice but to stay here and do just that, learn.” replied the girl.  “We will be leaving after the noon meal and may not return for a while, are you sure you want to stay?” asked Opa looking directly at the girl.  “Can’t I pop in every now and again to visit you?  I want to stay here and learn but I want to be able to see you too!” said the girl with a small sob in her voice “Yes you can but you must only come with Queen Titanias permission and in the company of somebody responsible.  I will speak to mother and make sure arrangements can be made.  Is that good enough sweetling?” “Yes thank you.  I don’t want to be cut off from you again the way I was.” said the girl as she reached out and hugged her grandmother tight and then did the same to her grandfather.
“Oh, I also heard that your father has left to make his peace with his parents and King.  He did leave a message which I was told to pass on to both of you.  He is very proud of both of you and he will try and become a good father once he has laid all his ghosts to rest.” Opa finished reciting “Be understanding children, this man found out in the span of a few days that he had not one but two children and that they are both very gifted.  He has a lot of healing to do and needs to mend his bridges with his family before he can fully move forward.” Oma said quietly as she gave them both a kiss and also bade them farewell saying “We should be back by the first snows sweetlings." 
The twins saw them off after the noon meal and they began their new lives, which started with Dagmar moving rooms to be next to her twin, never to be separated again.

Merry Meet 
And 
Merry Part
Till our path cross again
May the mother always watch over you
   


