BAD BOYS

Copyright © 2020 Terry Morgan
First published in the United Kingdom by TJM Books.
Website: www.tjmbooks.com
The right of Terry Morgan to be identified as the author of this work has been asserted by him in accordance with the Copyright, Designs and Patents Act 1988.
All rights reserved. No part of this publication may be reproduced, stored in a retrieval system or transmitted in any form or by any means, electronic, mechanical, photocopying, recording or otherwise without the prior permission of the copyright owner.


Book Summary
The Bad Boys—Cass, Kevin, Winston, Kurt, and Walid are five fatherless, mixed-race teenage boys. Each of them are victims of upbringing from a poor, mostly Moslem inner-city area. They were going their separate ways when Cass was abducted and forced into joining ISIL to fight in Turkey and Syria. After two years, he was sent to Malaysia to join an Islamic terror operation but managed to flee to Thailand.
In trying to bring Cass home and expose the deep and sinister criminality within the community, each of them, for the first time in their lives, met older men to whom they learned to trust and respect.
Written by a nineteen-year-old Kurt, who helped to find Cass in Thailand, this sensitive tale is about five intelligent young men finally finding the hope and inspiration that have been denied by their upbringing.
I didn’t know what was going through Cass’s mind, but he suddenly slumped to his knees, looked up at me, and for one shocking moment, I wondered if this really was Cass or some other poor guy.
If it wasn’t for his eyes, I didn’t think I’d have recognised him. For one thing, he’d always been so clean and tidy. Even his school tie would be tied tight to his neck, whereas my top buttons would be open and my tie would hang loose like I was pretending to be some dumb but cool black actor in a gangster movie.
Now he was thin and dirty and staring like some poor guy waiting to be shot by ISIL, which, I supposed, was what he was.
He didn’t speak but just looked at me as they clipped handcuffs on him like a criminal. Then his other sandal fell off, and I picked it up. What good could one shoe do, I didn’t know, but it seemed the right thing to do. And what then I would say to him?
“Get up, man. Don’t be such a mugoo. Jesus, man, you ain’t nothing like you used to be. Got some sprawl beard and fancy haircut. And where’d you get them shoes. Sandals ain’t cool, man.”
Why I spoke like that, I didn’t know, but somehow I felt it necessary to revert to the way I used to speak when I was fifteen or sixteen.
Jimmy strolled up then, as Cass crouched on the ground in a heap, and the two police did something inside the van.
“This ugly guy is Jimmy,” I said to Cass. “Don’t shake his hand. He’s dirtier than you are. He rolls a good spliff, but he’s piss poor with chiclets and blimps.”

About the Author
Terry Morgan lives in Petchabun, Thailand. Having travelled extensively with his own export business, his novels cover international politics, commercial crime, corruption, fraud, science, environmental issues, and occasional satire. 
Website: www.tjmbooks.com 

CHAPTER 1
My name’s Kurt. 
If I’m to be really pedantic (is that the right word?) I’m actually Courtney Lemar Delmont Learner, but Kurt has got me by since I was a kid. The Lemar and Delmont part has been a source of great humour to some and a genuine threat to my street cred. But Cass, Kevin, Winston, and Walid have known my full name for years. They’ve already finished laughing, so I’m relaxed in their company. 
Rightly or wrongly, though, they think I’m good with words, but it was Roger, Gordon, and Willie who suggested I was the one to write this. We’d gathered in Gordon’s old garage tucked down the back alley off Park Road, and for a while, all we did was to sit and listen to these three old codgers debating whether we were up to it.
“It’s finished. Nothing to do with us anymore,” Gordon said in a loud whisper. “Let these bad boys get on with it.” 
“I suppose you’re right,” Roger whispered back. “You sure we can trust them?”
“Do they trust us?” Willie replied.
“That’s the big question,” Roger said. “They think we’re just too old, past our sell-by date, and no longer able to think straight.”
Willie had shrugged. “Or are they still too inexperienced to make any judgement at all?”
“Can they even write?” Roger asked.
“Or read?” Gordon added.
“Can they even think straight?” Willie asked behind his hand.
“Well,” Gordon said, “there’s no harm in giving them a chance, I suppose.”
We thanked them for the enormous trust they’d bestowed on us, told them we’d head to the Queen’s Head pub for a decision, and left them shaking with laughter over their cups of tea.
Anything that was said about the Queen’s Head must take the form of an apology for Queen Victoria. If she knew her shabby portrait now hung, squeaking on a rusting bracket over the door, I’m sure she’d turn in her grave.
Perhaps it was a good thing that the Queen’s Head would soon close. Even Gabby, the Polish guy who owned it, had failed to make a profit on this sad, dilapidated shell of Victorian history that still smelled of the thousands of cigarettes smoked there before the ban was imposed. But it was a good-enough meeting place for us, and if what we spent on a few cans of lager helped pay for Gabby’s removal van, then we reckoned we’d done our bit towards helping a man when he was down. 
The four of us had been at school together so we’d known one another for years. Walid was the exception. He had arrived from Syria about a year ago, had been looking for somewhere cheap to stay, and had made the terrible mistake of taking my advice to check out the area around Park Road. I reckoned he’d have moved on already if it wasn’t for Kevin and Gordon and the rest.

***

So there we were, all five of us, crowded into a corner table on wooden benches with hard backs and even harder seats, trying to look cool. Why we needed to look cool, I didn’t know because the Queen’s Head was not exactly the place where anyone younger than fifty would go to be checked out on a Friday night.
“You can do it, Kurt,” they said.
“Yeh, well, talking comes easy enough,” I said. “It’s putting stuff down on paper that’s the problem.” We argued about it for a while. 
“But you’re the literary genius, Kurt. You’re the academic. You’re the only one who got an A in English at school,” Cass said. “You even beat that Chinese guy from the Golden Gate takeaway who reckoned he spoke like Prince Charles.”
“You got better style than Fu Manchu, Kurt,” Kevin said.
“And wit,” Walid added.
“And a nice turn of phrase,” Winston said.
“And a cool haircut,” Cass added.
I agreed with those last compliments, and in the end, I said, “Yeh, OK, then. I’ll admit to my superior intellect. It’s my ethnicity. Intelligence flows through my veins. It’s in my African genes.”
I told them my vocabulary had improved exponentially after I’d moved from the cess pit around Park Road to Edmonton, North London. 
“You should visit Edmonton some time,” I said. “It’s light years ahead of Park Road. It’s so much more culturally and ethnically diverse. We even allow Jews, Aussies, white South Africans, and Mormons in. And there’s a whole street for those who still haven’t worked out who they are or where they came from. And as a change from attending the Park Street mosque, you could always try the Ministry of Mountain, Fire, and Miracles run by Pastor Jerry.”
To further illustrate my claim of North London’s diversity, I told them about a guy from Vanuatu whom I met and who’d taught me a whole lot of new phrases. I could tell no one had ever heard of Vanuatu, but Walid was the only one who admitted it. I told him it was the island in the Pacific Ocean, where Robinson Crusoe got washed up. I was not sure if that was true, but it didn’t matter because he then wanted to know who Robinson Crusoe was. I told him to call in at the library and to check the kids’ section.
“It’s closed,” Kevin said. “Council cuts.” So we then spent ten minutes discussing how the hell anyone could read about history when it could only be downloaded from Amazon, which, of course, meant you needed a credit card, and that you’d struggle to get a credit card because of a non-existent credit rating.
“Anyway, they’ve cancelled history,” Cass said. “Nothing good ever happened. It was all bad, so why depress people even more? It’s social engineering.”
“And white supremacists like Gordon.” Kevin laughed.
“Gordon’s never even moved from Park Road, let alone been a slave trader,” Walid said, defending his boss. 
“He employs you,” Winston retorted.
“Yeh, but I needed a job,” Walid said.
Of course, we then talked about slavery and exploitation and about rape and pillage and decided that modern slavery still continued except it was now ran by the children of old slaves and that the new colonialists were the Chinese and that rich Arabs in the gulf used Bangladeshis and Pakistanis as slaves and that the Pakistanis in Park Road had enslaved Kevin, who was neither black, white, yellow, or brown but a sort of light beige with long eyelashes.
Going round in circles like that would make you so dizzy you didn’t know where you were heading, so I reverted back to Vanuatu. 
“I reckon he was the guy who taught Bear Grylls how to light a fire with sticks,” I said, reverting back also to Robinson Crusoe. “And it’s got a real cool motto.”
“What has?” Winston asked.
“Vanuatu,” I said. “Keep up, man. They’ve got this high-profile black guy in a loin cloth and a spear called Long God Yumistanap.”
“Is that the guy who taught you how to speak?” Kevin asked.
“If he ever existed at all, then Long God Yumi’s long gone, Kev. No, I mean the guy I met in Edmonton. Now that you’ve got your freedom from homegrown slavery by your own relatives, you really need to get out more, Kev.”
“Go on then. Prove you can speak it,” Walid said.
“Speak what?” I asked.
“Vanuatu or whatever,” Walid said.
I had to think about that for a moment. “Proses fud mak causem plenty sik,” I said.
The four dumbasses stared at me, as if I was making it up, so I had to translate it for the uneducated.
“Processed food makes you sick,” I said. “Don’t you understand any Vanuatu lingo?”
Winston was the only one who understood. Winston was from Lagos, you see, and he often talked pidgin. “Speaking pidgin so no one understands is a black guy’s privilege,” I said.
“I thought you didn’t have any privileges, Kurt?” Kevin asked. “That the white supremacists and slave traders had stolen everything.”
“Not true,” I said. “I got plenty of privileges. I’m not like you mixed-race heathens. I’m a true black with genuine African roots that go back to Voodoo days. It was us who invented religion by prancing around fires and waving sticks with ostrich feathers stuck in our curls and wearing more organic make-up than you find in Holland and Barrett’s. Life was simple then and more fun. Now look—everyone’s totally confused. Have you ever seen a more miserable bunch of untidy-looking wretches than those that emerge from the Park Road mosque on Fridays? They’re supposed to look happy and fulfilled, man. They’re supposed to emerge looking content and motivated and set up for the weekend with plans for shopping at Tesco and evenings watching Simon Cowell.”
They laughed at that, especially Walid and Cass who were the ones closest to the mosque scene I was describing.
Walid tried to explain. “When they come out, they’re deep in thought, Kurt,” he said.
“If they came out dancing, singing, and waving black flags and Kalashnikovs like the guys I met, you’d be right to be worried,” Cass added. Coming from Cass, who had some hands-on experiences of Kalashnikovs and black flags, that line of conversation stopped dead.
Like me, Winston had done a bit of Christianity when he was about seven, His mom used to drag him along to the church on Midland Road. That was before the Archbishop of Canterbury ruined everything by spouting shit about God not being a celestial insurance policy.
So what is he then if he’s not an insurance policy to keep you sane and on track? We all need some structure and direction in our lives. But let’s not go there right now; otherwise, I’ll ruin the rest of the story before I’ve started.
What I will say, though, is that it was Kevin who had the big personal problem when we were all much younger.
We all knew that he’d missed a lot of school when he was a kid, but we didn’t know why and we didn’t care. Kids are selfish. What kid really cares about anyone else but themselves? Is it natural to think your own problems are the worst ever?
When we got to understand Kevin’s background, we told him we were sorry, but by then, it was too late. He’d already gotten over it, and he didn’t care either. Instead, he told us to look at our own lives. Did we had it any better? Were we better equipped to face the future? We shook our heads at that.
We’d known nothing about Kevin’s problems until Roger, a truck driver, came on the scene. Kev was lucky that Roger saw something worth saving in him. Whoever thought an old truck driver could turn out better than the Archbishop of Canterbury? But I supposed that was not difficult.
As we moved onto discussing celestial insurance policies, Winston raised the subject of cremation versus burial, Cass mentioned Buddhism, and I opted for promoting the benefits of Voodoo.
“You might stick with one God for your inspiration,” I said, “but I’ve always gone for pick ‘n match.”
“Like picking up Jessie after school and matching her assets against Aisha’s. That’s what you mean?” Winston asked.
“Don’t be flippant,” I said. “I’m talking about picking and matching from the table of delights we call black magic. Get to choose your ideal witch doctor, ghost, or genuine spirit. Sort the wheat from the chaff, separate the good from the bad, and check out those you’ve never heard of before. Look at me and Winston,” I said. “Black as night and eyes that see. You know why? It’s because of our sun God. It’s not like we prostrate ourselves before him. We stand tall, stand firm, and salute like soldiers. Standing up shows genuine respect, and he reciprocates by giving us a decent sun tan. He takes no notice of all this false sun worship from your average white Anglo-Saxon because he knows they’re not genuine. Anything that fades within a week can never be the genuine article, man.”
That caused more discussion, of course, because while Winston was as black as me, Cass and Walid were brown, and Kevin was, as I mentioned, a sort of off-white beige but with long eyelashes.
Walid said that sun worshipping was pointless. Even if he changed from reluctant Moslem to Voodoo sun worshipper, he’d not seen the sun around Park Road for three months, so what was the point? We agreed about that. Park Road is permanently damp.
We returned to discussing North London and the need to experience new horizons. Walid laughed at that. “New horizons?” He laughed. Then Cass joined in. It was not laughter like you might get for good comedy but more like mocking laughter, and I was the target. I’d experienced Edmonton, but Walid had walked from Syria, and Cass had been in Turkey and got mixed up with ISIL.
They were, of course, quite right to laugh the way they did.
When I’d recently caught up with Cass for the first time in two years, I barely recognised him. He was thin and dirty like a starving refugee, and he smelled terrible.
As for Walid, when I first saw him, he’d just hitched all the way from Damascus. That was a lot further than Edmonton. Of course, Walid then had to remind them it was my fault he’d ended up in Park Road.
“But then you met Gordon, and Gordon offered you a job,” I said.
Of course, we then needed to discuss Gordon, who definitely hadn’t been anywhere much. In fact, he hadn’t moved far from Park Road. He was about the only white face still living around here, but he took Walid under his wing. Walid had no need of a sun God or, in fact, the mosque. He had Gordon.
Kevin, on the other hand, had Roger. Kevin was a thinker and still sensitive about things, but with Roger behind him, he was already getting over things. Roger opened up Kevin and showed him the sky.
Roger would tell stories about driving his truck across the Libyan desert and about driving through Turkey to Baghdad and Teheran and even to Syria. That surprised Walid, who thought all roads in and out of Damascus had been potholed by bombs for a century.
And who showed Winston the sky? There was no doubt about that. It was Willie Wilkins—our old math teacher from school.
And what about Cass and me? Well, I suppose you’ll need to read on to find out.
That night in the Queen’s Head, we decided we’d definitely record things for what Willie, Roger, and Gordon called posterity and took a vote on who should write it. Willie, Roger, and Gordon voted by phone. The result was unanimous. I, Courtney Lemar Delmont Learner, more widely known as Kurt, was to become an author.

CHAPTER 2
It was my fault that Walid got involved in what was going on in Park Road. All of us, except Walid, had known one another since school, but after he’d arrived from Syria, he’d fitted into the team so seamlessly it was as if he’d been around the place as long as we had.
To explain Walid’s late arrival requires me to explain why I’d moved away from Park Road and found myself living in North London. You must realise I need to handle this sensitively to preserve my reputation, but I’ll be as truthful as I can.

***

I was in London and on one of my secret vigils to find a bit of peace and tranquillity when I met Walid. He’d been sleeping on the grass in Pymmes Park in Edmonton. We got chatting, and Walid seemed keen to talk. He’d just arrived in London after a heroic trip, hitching and walking all the way from Syria.
“So are you legal?” I asked him in a kind of whisper.
“I’m English, bro’” he said, though I could tell he was trying to enhance his London accent to impress. It wasn’t quite normal, but nonetheless, I was mightily impressed for an Arab-looking guy with a wispy stash and acne spots.
“I started off in Catford, South London,” he said. Then he added, “Catford, mate. Know it?” as if to impress me further.
“You walked to Syria from Catford and back again?” I said, astonished. “Did you need the exercise?”
“Nah, nah,” he said without appearing to appreciate my wit. “I went out there with my mum. We stayed there a while and then . . . and then she . . .”
And then he stopped. So I guessed something had happened, but I didn’t like to pry. I now knew what happened but we all need a few secrets. I certainly had a few that I was not too keen to talk about to a guy I’d just met in a park.
Anyway, he told me he’d been on the move for a year when he met a Polish truck driver called Herman at a truck stop north of Dusseldorf. Herman had told him he could get him all the way from there to England on the ferry from the Hook of Holland to Harwich for a fee.
Neither did I like to pry into the fee he’d paid or where he’d got the money or bring up the thorny matter of people smuggling because Walid seemed an OK sort of guy. He had a certain look in his eye that I put down to determination and a bit of cunning. And I’d spotted a greasy, curled-up copy of The Lord of the Rings in his backpack, which suggested he had a worthwhile brain. I was sort of impressed despite his accent.
Looking back, I was right about the determination. Walid’s done OK, but it was my fault he ended up in Park Road.
“I still got some good mates around Park Road,” I told him.
And why had I moved from Park Road to Edmonton?
You see, my mother is not exactly the settling down sort. I’d already moved several times while I was at school with Cass, Kevin, and Winston. We never moved far. It was mostly the next street or around the corner so that my mother could pursue her vocation of providing comfort and solace to various male acquaintances for us to pay for the rent arrears that had accumulated from the last place we’d lived at.
With all that’s going on, there’s not much I remember about school. I went along every day; I diligently did my homework, and then I went out. Messing around by the weed-filled concrete playground with its broken swings and cracked basketball court is what I remember most from around age eleven to sixteen. I remember going to a church once when I was about nine. I can’t remember why I was there, but it was a big place on the main road, with big colourful windows, and it was packed out with West Indian men in big suits and big women in fancy hats. I’m Nigerian, I think, but at age nine, it felt cool to say I was from Jamaica until someone asked for details. Then I’d run away. At that church, I still remember wearing my tight school shoes and best jeans. Winston was there too. I remember us playing outside. We poked sticks into cracks around the tombstones to try to wake the dead and wondered what would happen if one of them got annoyed and woke up.
Anyway, one day, when I was about sixteen, my mother decided to move again—this time from the two-up, two-down Victorian terrace in Park Road that we rented from Mr. Khan to a similar one in the backstreets of Tottenham, North London. This was a really big move with a hired van for two beds and the TV. It was also when I got introduced to the man my mother said was my father. She was giggling as she told me, and the guy was laughing. So I just shrugged and carried on. As this was about the fifth father and the sixth uncle I’d met, I decided to move out when I got the chance.
The chance came when I met Coolie outside Burger King.
“A bit of peace and quiet. Know what I mean?” was what I told Coolie I was looking for. Coolie said I could bed down at his place if things got too bad at home. It was an attractive offer because Coolie was highly respected in the area. Coolie was from Abuja and was already nineteen, so he’d been around and knew a lot more than me.
“I need no altercations and fuss. Know what I mean, Coolie?” I said in explaining my need for a move. “I need some mutual toleration and no friction.”
“This is the place, man,” Coolie confirmed like he was selling some upmarket real estate. “Guaranteed tranquillity.”
Now, unbeknown even to Cass, Kevin, and Winston, I’d always sought out tranquillity. I like reading. I’d go to the library for tranquillity. I think that’s how I developed the style, wit, and nice turn of phrase, which they say I’ve got.
You know why I liked peace and tranquillity and still do? It’s because loud noise was the only stimulation that I remembered from being strapped in my stroller at age two. It was the domestic noise, the arguments between my mother and various Caribbean and African lodgers she took in that affected me, and there were signs things would only get worse the day we moved to Edmonton. I can picture this guy even now.
This latest guy was not Rasta like most of the previous ones. Don’t get me wrong. I like Bob Marley, Jimmy Cliff, and King Tubby in moderation, but this guy looked Arab. He definitely wasn’t Rasta, Jamaican, or even Nigerian and definitely not my father. Besides his paler colour, his hair was straight. But he was still very noisy.
If it wasn’t his angry, booming voice, then it was the sound of his fist banging on the front door at night or the sonic boom from it being swung in the direction of my head or my mum’s.
He never actually connected with my mum’s head because he was always off balance, and anyway, she had a long history of giving as good as she got. She could get really angry and point and then wave a kitchen knife at a guy’s nose with great effect, so perhaps he’d heard about her reputation and missed her head on purpose.
He never connected with my head because I was too quick, but I can still feel the rush of air past my ear.
And instead of King Tubby, grotesque Arab music would echo through our house—wailing women singers like cats on heat as I tried doing my school homework and watch TV in the kitchen.
Despite everything, I did OK in that new school in Tottenham, even though I didn’t like it there. Just like Woodlands School back in the Park Road days, there were too many women teachers.
The exception at Woodlands School, where I was with Cass, Kevin, and Winston, was Mr. Wilkins, the math teacher. Winston especially liked Mr. Wilkins. Willie Wilkins was a bit special.
Willie would divert from the set syllabus into far more interesting areas such as a whole lesson on how long it would take to travel to Manchester and back if we took a train and a bus one way and walked all the way back. I won’t explain the fun we had, discussing whether the guy doing the walking was a paraplegic who could only crawl, a ninety-year-old David Beckham with a walking stick or Usain Bolt sprinting backwards dressed like a black Dame Edna Everage. But I can still remember Willie’s joke about a one-legged hitchhiker.
“What do you say to a one-legged hitchhiker? Hop in.”
And, do you know, I can still remember how to calculate travel time from A to B via C and back to A via D from a list of mixed speeds and distances. Willie had the most amazing tricks to improve memory and do mental arithmetic.
On the other hand, I was thrown out of Ms. Edwards’s psychology lesson at Woodlands when I told her fifteen-year-old boys don’t fucking care whether psychology helps to understand social phenomena. I told her that just living out there did that. If she got out more, perhaps she’d understand that learning stuff like that from textbooks was a load of crap and would one day turn a whole generation into rioting psychopaths.
I didn’t care. Whatever she thought, I wasn’t stupid or dim. I knew I could shine if I had to. Someone once wrote, “Never dull your shine for somebody else.” That was me. All I needed was some peace and quiet and an opportunity to show what I could do.
So, at the age of sixteen and a half and living in Edmonton, a hundred miles from Park Road, I’d had enough. By then, I’d done some of my own shouting just to make my opinions known, but it was useless. So, some nights, I’d walk over to Coolie’s place for somewhere to go. Coolie, whose own folks had gone their separate ways leaving the place empty, would open the upstairs window and look down.
“Been a bad boy again then, Kurtie?” he’d shout down. “Ma smacked your little bad boy ass? The old man landed one on your ear? Been crying?”
But even at Coolie’s place, the noise didn’t stop. It was definitely not tranquil. Coolie played Afro beat—Fela Kuti, Lucky Dube, and Ska non-stop on volume 9 until someone gave him an old collection of Def Leopard and Alice Cooper. The noise didn’t abate. It just changed.
I had grown so used to noise that a few moments of silence hurt my ears. I’d look up, thinking something was wrong—that the world had stopped or I’d suddenly gone deaf. But it also showed me that silence was a chance to sit and think without distractions. Silence was nicer than noise. Silence was golden. Noise obliterated thought, but silence encouraged it. I discovered that despite my full-on act, I was a bit of a thinker.
But I still couldn’t avoid noise.
Another mate, Basher, had a cool way to get tickets to watch Spurs, so I used to go with him to watch the soccer and come away with my ears ringing and a list of new adjectives to describe ineptitude. Afterwards we’d meet up with Stacker at the Crown Inn and then go to Deci Belles, where we’d meet Coolie, and I found out why Coolie never came home on Saturday nights.
As I’ve said, Coolie was highly respected around Edmonton. He was already nineteen and from Abuja, so he’d been around and knew a lot more than me.
He wore brown Nike Manoa boots, tight black jeans, and a belt with a brass buckle like a skull the size of a dinner plate, and whether it was raining or snowing, he’d top it off with a grey Superdry vest with Chinese writing and a medallion nearly the same size as his buckle hanging around the neck. Coolie looked the part. Most days, he worked in a pub in Tottenham, but he always seemed to have more money to spend than the pub was likely to pay. I never asked how or why, and he never said anything to me, but I think he always knew I was a bit of an oddball so not entirely to be trusted with bad news. I once mislaid an old Portishead CD, and Coolie found it in the kitchen stuck in the toaster like a slice of bread. No wonder I’d not spotted it. I think one of his mates, probably Snaz, must have put it there for a joke. “What the fuck is this crap?” he said before lobbing it in my direction.
“Yeh, weird stuff,” I said though I often played it through ear plugs with my head under the pillow.
But I was grateful to Coolie for the shelter over my head despite the endless stream of noisy North London traffic outside. And then I got a job as a binman for Haringey Council, where the banter, shouting, and bin rattling began at 4:00 a.m. It all explained why I was often in bed at 10:00 p.m. with a pillow over my head listening to soft Irish Celtic music on my phone. Not that I could admit this was my kind of music, of course.
My point is this. My search for a bit of peace and tranquillity in Pymmes Park not only turned out lucky for Walid but it then helped Cass with his problems.

CHAPTER 3
According to Cass, his problem started on one of those dull wet and windy days that seem to characterise everything about the area around Park Road.
Number 43, Shipley Street with its weed-strewn cobbles and council-owned trash bins had been Cass’s home for as long as he could remember. However, on that dull, wet, and windy Saturday afternoon two years ago—when he’d crept downstairs, opened the front door, and wandered away—it had changed his life forever.
When he turned the corner onto Brick Street, the only movement had been the dirty brown gutter water sweeping urban debris downstream. Plastic bags, cigarette ends, dead leaves, and other detritus from the maze of inner-city streets of Victorian brick terraces floated slowly past to gather in soggy piles at the first blocked drain. On Park Road, an empty bus splashed by. Strip lights shone inside the Cash for Clothes shop and behind the steamy front window of Osman’s Launderette. The dismal streets around Park Road were always like that.
If he’d found me, Winston, Walid, Mo, or Shaifiq sheltering like wet pigeons in the doorway of Raja’s Store or Hussein’s Money Exchange, it was unlikely things would have turned out differently. Such was his mood that if we’d said, “Where’re you going, Cass?” he’d probably have called back that he was heading down to Mootalah’s. That wouldn’t have been true because Cass hadn’t known where he was going. He’d just wanted to get away from everything and everybody. He’d had enough of the stifling square mile of familiarity locally known as Park Road with its mosque, backstreets of broken pavements, boarded up properties and shabby corner shops like Mootalah’s that smelled of wet cardboard, overripe fruit, and wilting vegetables.
Even if he’d passed Bushra and Javeria hiding beneath an umbrella in their tight jeans and make-up who always smiled, giggled, and held onto each other when they saw him, he might have said something different.
“Hi, Cass. Going somewhere nice?”
“Pushing weights down at the centre.”
That would have been a joke because Cass had only ever looked through the plate glass window at the city’s sports centre and watched those with enough money to afford the membership fee running, sweating, and going nowhere in their Lycra.
In his heart, Cass knew it would have been better to admit he didn’t know what he was doing or where he was going, but honesty demanded self-confidence and, at age seventeen, Cass’s confidence was in short supply. Unless, of course, he’d seen Kevin. Cass and Kevin had been best mates since they were kids. 
If he’d passed Bashir’s Asian Store and Kevin had happened to be outside stacking boxes of oranges or cucumbers for pocket money, things might have turned out differently. “Hey! What’s happening, Cass? Why not call me?”
If he’d met Kevin, it’s likely Cass would never have stopped outside the shabby front window of Faisal World Travel on Park Road. But they hadn’t met, and so Cass had walked on and stopped, distracted by coloured stickers advertising cheap flights to Dublin, Paris, and Amsterdam. Not only that but he’d gone inside and met the owner Mr. Khan. It was Mr. Khan who’d then sold him a cheap air ticket to Turkey, which he bought in cash with his savings from his part-time jobs. 
At the last minute, Mr. Khan had given him a parcel to give to his brother in Istanbul. The only other person who knew about the parcel was Kevin because he was the one who’d waved Cass off on the bus to the airport. 

CHAPTER 4
Kevin, now aged eighteen, also collected and delivered packages and parcels for Mr. Khan of Faisal World Travel on Park Road.
It was not his main job—which was helping Bashir in a Bangladeshi food store on Park Road—but just a part of an arrangement with Mr. Khan, who provided Kevin with attic space above the travel agency. Kevin’s attic was basic: a mattress, a metal pole on which to hang what few clothes he had, a single light bulb hanging from the frayed loft insulation, and a plug for charging his phone and the single bar electric heater. Kevin’s main possession was an old car, which he sometimes used for his errands.
The jobs for Khan had worried him for weeks, but the latest collection was three hundred miles away. “Shall I go by train, Mr. Khan?” he’d asked.
Khan had shaken his head. “Don’t you have a car?”
Kevin never argued with Mr. Khan because arguing with him might cause other problems. He didn’t even have the courage to ask for money for fuel but hoped his expenses might be included in whatever Mr. Khan was proposing to pay when he returned. So Kevin took his old red Volkswagen Golf for its longest drive ever.
57 Montrose Crescent turned out to be a housing estate on the outskirts of Edinburgh. For Kevin, Scotland was like a foreign country. It was as far from home as he’d ever been, but once he’d found it, it was like many other places he knew—an area of low-cost houses, cracked concrete gardens, old cars and white vans blocking the roads. Then there was a man who came to the door when Kevin rattled the loose letter box.
He was a man of around fifty with sharp brown eyes set in a nutty brown face covered in bushy grey beard. His head was topped with a white taqiyah. A grey shirt covered half a globe of stomach that hid the top of his baggy grey trousers. He looked like countless others Kevin saw every day walking the streets at home, going in and out of the local shops, standing, chatting in groups, or those on their way to or from the mosque—Pakistanis, Bangladeshis, Afghans, Somalis, Iraqis, Syrians, Indians, West Africans—and Mr. Khan.
“Good morning,” Kevin said politely. “Wazir?”
“From Khan, is it?” Wazir said. “Wait.”
Wazir had then plodded back inside in dirty white trainers with the laces undone, leaving Kevin standing on the doorstep, stamping his feet, shivering, and rubbing his hands. It was ten degrees colder than back home, and Kevin had hoped that after a seven-hour drive, he might at least be invited inside for five minutes for a friendly chat and a cup of tea or coffee. Instead, he waited outside and allowed his mind to wander.
It was so cold he wished he’d brought his sweater, but it was, he thought, in the attic, or had he left it at Bashir’s.
Kevin pictured his attic and tried to visualise his sweater hanging there.
All thoughts about the attic depressed Kevin. The space beneath the roof tiles, with the crumbling styrene insulation and the cooing pigeons, was accessed via a folding ladder that hung onto the top landing but could be pulled up or down whenever Mr. Khan decided. If Mr. Khan wanted it up when Kevin was already up there, then he was marooned for a while like a prisoner. If Mr. Khan had a meeting with friends downstairs, then the ladder was dropped, and Kevin was told to go out for an hour. And if he returned too soon, then it was to such a volume of Arabic, Urdu, or Punjabi abuse that Kevin would leave again and wait in the Silver Bullet gaming shop opposite until he’d watched them all come out and disappear into the night. Kevin’s choice of work and accommodation, just like his other choices in life, had always been limited, even more so since his mum had been granted a single-person council flat after being forced out of the old rented house on Shipley Street that Mr. Khan also owned.
Cass had also lived on Shipley Street, and as he stood shivering on Wazir’s doorstep, he thought about Cass.
It was Mr. Khan who, two years before, had sold Cass his airline ticket to go to Istanbul and then, at the last minute, given him a parcel to take with him. Kevin had not seen Cass since, but he often thought about him.
He kicked a loose lump of asphalt, watched it slide across the concrete garden, and hit the overfull trash bin. Then he decided to phone his mum later to tell her about his trip to Scotland, to check if she was OK, and to bring her a few packs of the frozen peas Bashir couldn’t find space for in the freezer. Had she eaten today? Was she feeling OK? 
Kevin’s mum had had problems for longer than Kevin could remember. She had self-harmed, overdosed, and when he was twelve, ran away only to come back the next day to throw her arms around him, to smother him with hugs and kisses, and to promise never to leave him again. For a time, Kevin had become well known to social services, but whenever they visited, his mother would be calm, collected, rational, and protective. They would sit together on a broken sofa holding hands. The hugs and smiles were genuine. Kevin loved his mum.
But he’d grown used to days off school when she had a bad day, and he was all too familiar with the professional words of wisdom from experts who came to check. “It’s an anxiety attack, depression, not eating properly, stress.” None of them had ever asked her why she was like that. For a long time, Kevin hadn’t either until he was old enough to realise that for every problem, there was a cause.
“You were too young, Kevin my love. We’ve just got to get on with it. We’ll manage. It’s just between you and me, OK?”
When they’d moved out of Shipley Street, the only thing Kevin got beside the room in Khan’s attic was his mum’s old red Golf that had sat in someone’s garage for seven years after she’d lost her licence. Kevin had asked Walid, who was working at Gordon’s Motors, to check it over and fix the satnav. It had twin exhausts, a special steering wheel, and the ancient satnav device stuck to the windscreen had been loaded with a Joanna Lumley voice-over.
Using the car for Khan’s work was unusual. Normally, it was an envelope to the Minhaj-ul-Quran mosque in Birmingham, train ticket paid for, a box to a house in Swindon, bus fare paid, or an envelope for someone who’d meet him outside Starbucks at Paddington Station.
Wazir was such a long time that Kevin wondered if he should wait in the car, but Cass was still playing on his mind. Cass would have stuck it out. Cass would have shrugged and put up with it.
Cass and Kevin had played together, been to school together, shared thoughts together, and only Kevin had been there when Cass caught the bus to the airport carrying his small bag of clothes and the parcel from Khan. Cass would have been nineteen now, almost a year older than Kevin.
“Don’t tell anyone where I’m going, Kevs. Promise?” Cass had asked.
“You’re such a bad boy, Cass,” Kevin had said.
They had always called each other bad boy. Bad boys told bad un-Islamic jokes about terrorists, beards, and women in hijab and niqab. Bad boys bought ham sandwiches from the Shell garage and greasy pork sausages and chips at the Park Street Chippie, shared naughty pictures on phones, and dodged prayers on Fridays. Being a bad boy was what had kept them close.
“Where are you going, Cass?”
“Turkey, Kevs. I’m going to Istanbul. It’s on the Bosporus. The bridge between Europe and Asia.”
“Waah! That’s so cool. Genuine bad boy stuff.”
Wazir eventually returned, carrying a small box wrapped in brown paper. Kevin then finally left Montrose Crescent with Wazir’s words still ringing in his ears. “Lose this and you’re in big trouble, fella. Got it?”
Kevin’s day was to get worse.
Half an hour outside Edinburgh, the car’s engine misfired, and Walid’s words of caution started ringing in Kevin’s ear. “I wouldn’t take this old wreck too far, Kevs. And don’t rely on that satnav.”
The satnav had suggested a shortcut through the hills, and Kevin took the advice because the scenery looked more interesting than around Shipley Street and Park Road. The road wound upwards, higher and higher, and the scenery was interesting, but the weather was deteriorating. It went from rain to sleet and then to heavy snow, and that was when Kevin’s old Golf gave up completely and died. Neither was there a phone signal.
So, with dire warnings from both Khan and Wazir about urgent parcels ringing in his ears, the snow piling up, night drawing on, and the temperature near freezing, Kevin started to panic.

CHAPTER 5
While Kevin was shivering in Scotland, Cass was six thousand miles away.
Things had happened. A ten-day trip had turned into two long years, but in those two years, events had turned him from a boy into a man. However, a man could still feel lonely and in need of someone to listen to him describe what had happened and why and to help him understand.
Cass had decided long ago that when the chance came, he’d need to start his explanation with how he’d felt as a seventeen-year-old living around Park Road, a poor, predominantly Moslem, inner-city area, on a depressingly grey and wet Saturday afternoon.
He’d become so bored listening to a Tamer Hosny CD in his cramped bedroom that, despite the weather, he’d crept downstairs, checked that his mother and grandmother were distracted by the TV, opened the front door, and wandered away from the narrow, vehicle-blocked, Victorian brick cul-de-sac that was Shipley Street.
His short cut black hair and his teenage stubble that he might, but probably wouldn’t, have allowed to grow into something bigger like Shafiq’s was getting wetter by the minute. His trainers were wet through, his black jeans were saturated at the ankles, and his black nylon jacket was zipped to his neck to keep out the wind that swirled at the junction with Brick Street.
Cass had felt he was being swept along by an uncontrollable tide with no sense of purpose or direction. He’d passed no one he knew—no Kamal, Mo, Shafiq, Winston, or Kevin. Two years on and Cass could still remember how he’d felt that Saturday afternoon. It was as if he was the only person left alive.
But then he’d stopped outside Faisal World Travel and looked in. Stuck to the window were coloured cards in fluorescent pink, yellow, and green: “Cheap Flights—Barcelona, Paris, Amsterdam.” Cass checked them all because he’d just become the proud holder of a British passport.
He’d always wanted a passport, but with him living in Shipley Street, meeting up with Kevs to stack shelves with tins of processed peas and sardines in Bashir’s shop after school, or playing pool down at the Youth Centre with Kevs, Mo, Kaff, Wills, or Hass, why would he need one? Cass’s mum didn’t know, but getting a passport had become a private obsession since Mo had shown him his. A passport was needed to explore the world beyond Shipley Street and experience new things, new people, new places, new ideas, and new beliefs. It was the route to learning and understanding the truth about what was really going on—the important things in life. Having a passport meant leaving all that was predictable and familiar behind and moving on.
And after a year of saving and not spending, Cass could see he could just afford a low-cost return flight to Paris or Amsterdam. But what would he do when he got there? Walk around the streets like now and then catch the return flight back to Bristol or Birmingham?
Bright strip lights shone inside the shop, and there were no other customers to be seen through the condensation. So Cass had gone inside to where it looked warm and dry and bright.
The wall was lined with a thin rack of glossy brochures of more exotic places—Mauritius, South Africa, Tunisia, Morocco, Dubai, and Turkey. The desk had a computer, more brochures, and a few stacked files. Behind the desk was a door, an empty worn swivel chair, and a grey metal filing cabinet. In front of the desk were two empty plastic chairs, but no one sat in the chair behind it. For no reason, Cass pulled out a brochure called Sand and Sea and was flipping through pages of skyscraper hotels, blue skies, and swimming pools when the door behind the desk opened.
A dark middle-aged man emerged. He was thickly bearded with a white taqiyah prayer cap and a white salwar kameez beneath a dusty-looking, unbuttoned, silver-flecked black waistcoat. He stared at Cass for a moment so that Cass recognised him.
“Mr. Khan. Good afternoon, sir,” Cass said.
Khan coughed into his beard, shuffled a few steps in sandals and grey socks, and spoke in Punjabi. “You want something?”
“I’m not sure, sir.”
“Zenab is out.”
Cass didn’t know Zenab, but he knew Mr. Khan from the mosque. Everyone, including Cass’s mother and grandmother, knew Mr. Khan because he was their landlord. Cass hadn’t realised this place was also owned by him.
“You want to go somewhere, young man?” He’d changed to strongly accented English muffled by passing through thick lips and beard.
“Maybe,” Cass replied.
“Where?”
“I don’t know, Mr. Khan.” Cass winced at his own words. He’d been trying not to say “I don’t know” since his grandmother had become cross at him again and asked him, in Punjabi of course, if his name was Mr. I Dunno and when he’d learn to speak proper Punjabi and Urdu and Arabic and not answer back like rude English boys.
Khan seemed not to notice. He pulled out the chair behind the desk, sat down, pulled on his beard between thumb and first finger, scratched between the buttons of his waistcoat, and looked at him. “How is your mother?”
“Good, sir.”
“Does she know?”
“Know what, sir?”
“You want to go on a holiday?”
It wasn’t a holiday Cass wanted. He wanted adventure, new experiences, something different from the daily routine and the “all too foreseeable” normality. Khan must have seen Cass’s uncertainty because he’d flapped his hand. “Sit down.”
Cass, carrying the brochure with him, had perched on the edge of the plastic chair. Khan leaned back. “Qasim, isn’t it?”
“Cass, sir.”
“You thinking of going to Pakistan?”
Pakistan was the last place on Cass’s mind. “I’m not too sure, sir,” he said.
“You were at prayers today.”
His presence had been noted. Such was the closeness of the community. For three weeks now, since he and Kevin had discussed religion at the back of Bashir’s shop, Cass had tried to avoid the mosque for reasons he still could not actually put into words, but he’d gone today in case his mother found out. “Yes, sir. With Yassin after he closed the shop.”
“And you work in Asda.”
“Only part-time, sir. “
“And you’re at school?”
Khan knew a surprising amount. “Yes, sir.”
“Good, is it?”
“It’s OK.”
Khan leaned over, took the brochure from Cass’s hand, and shook his head disapprovingly. He leaned back again, flipped through the pages himself, then looked at Cass through small black eyes that sunk deep in the creased and leathery brown skin, which showed through the beard. “Your family is from Jalandhar?”
“But I was born here. I am British, sir. I have never been.”
“I am from Jagrawan,” Khan said loudly and proudly. He dropped the brochure on the desk and leaned forward on his elbows. “You know it?”
Cass shook his head and repeated himself. “I have not been to Pakistan, sir.”
“You want to go?”
“Maybe . . . someday.”
“You have family there.” It was not a question.
“I think so, sir. My grandmother speaks about family.”
She often did, but the names meant nothing to Cass. He’d seen a few old, crumpled photos, but they still meant nothing. Was one of them his father? Perhaps but he’d never met him. Did that bother him? Not a lot.
“How old are you?”
“Seventeen, sir.”
“You attend madrasa?” Khan was leaning forward, examining him, assessing him, and judging him.
To Cass, madrasa meant school—infants’ school at Brooklands Primary and secondary school at Woodlands—but he knew what Khan meant. Khan was asking if he’d attended classes ran by the imam who came down from Birmingham to teach memorisation of the Quran (hifz) and the next stage (alim) that led to being an accepted Islamic scholar in the community. It was what his mother and grandmother talked about. It was what they seemed to expect. Cass had gone along to one or two when he was about twelve but Kevin, then aged eleven, had asked him where he’d been all day.
“You gonna be a terrorist, Cass? That’s what they do innit—brainwashing.”
Cass half-believed it. After three more sessions, he almost completely believed it and gave up going, but he didn’t tell his mother or grandmother. Instead, he joined Kevin at Bashir’s shop, helping to stack shelves and the freezer and loading the van. It had become their Saturday morning habit. In the afternoon, they’d wander off to play football or just mess about on the City Council’s weed-strewn, concrete basketball pitch where a lot of other kids were also messing about, eating crisps, drinking fiz, or skiving from something or other. Kevin was Cass’s best mate.
Cass belatedly answered Khan’s question about madrassa. “Yes, sir.” But he was sure Khan didn’t believe him.
Khan paused, coughed, pushed the dilapidated, squeaking swivel chair backwards, put his hands behind his head, and crossed his legs beneath the shalwar kameez. “So where do you want to go?”
Cass’s nose, still cold and wet from the rain outside, threatened to drip. He sniffed. “Somewhere interesting, sir.”
Khan himself sniffed. “Interesting? What is interesting? Pakistan is interesting.”
“Yes, sir.”
Khan stood, pushed the “Sand and Sea” brochure further from his reach, and scuffed to the almost-empty shelves of brochures. He picked one up. “The Balearics,” he said, reading the title slowly and pronouncing it badly, as if he didn’t know where it was. “Interesting?”
“No, sir.”
“Why?”
“I don’t like the beach.”
“Have you ever been to a beach?”
“No, sir.”
“So how do you know?”
“It seems so . . . so boring, sir. And I can’t swim.”
“Safari to Kenya, East Africa?” It was asked with a sort of smirk.
“No, sir.”
“Why not?”
“Wild animals should be left alone, sir, not photographed from the safety of Land Rovers.”
“Australia?”
“Too far, sir.”
“New York?”
“Too crazy, sir.”
Khan returned to the swivel chair. It sagged and creaked. “Then where?”
“I don’t know, sir.” Cass winced.
“Then why come in here?”
“I saw the cards in the window,”
“So you want somewhere cheap. Flight only.”
“Yes, sir.”
“Where?”
“What do you have, sir?”
Cass couldn’t see the computer screen from his side of the desk, but Mr. Khan swung it further in his own direction and seemed to look at it. He moved the mouse around, sniffed, and then sat back. “Istanbul,” he said.
Cass’s geography was pretty good. He didn’t have a computer at home because of his mother and grandmother, but in school, he’d once looked at a site called Flight Tracker, which showed yellow images of thousands of planes moving in all directions across the globe complete with flight numbers, departure and arrival times, and types of aircraft. It was that site that had made him feel so restless. Hundreds of thousands of people were criss-crossing the world going places every minute of the day, except Cass. Cass just looked up from ground level. On a clear day, the nearest he got to flying was seeing vapour trails of planes moving west to America or east back to London, Frankfurt, or Amsterdam.
But Istanbul? That was in Turkey on the Bosporus, the bridge between Europe and Asia. Modern but Moslem—a place dotted with minarets and a famous Blue Mosque. Cass could almost taste kebabs and smell exotic perfumes.
“Yes, sir. Istanbul is OK.”
Cass now remembered Khan looking at him with a look of triumph like a salesman who’d just clinched the deal he’d wanted all along. He turned back to the computer. “Full two-week cheap package, flight included, three-star hotel, four hundred and fifty.”
“No, sir.”
“One-week return, airfare and hotel, going on a Friday, one hundred and ninety.”
“No, sir.”
“Cheaper package, one hundred and thirty.”
“No, sir.”
“Why not?”
“I can’t afford it, sir.”
Khan leaned back in the chair, frowned beneath his prayer cap, and looked at Cass. “So what can you afford?”
“I need my money to spend, sir. If I spend it all on a ticket, I have nothing.”
“How long do you want to stay?”
“I don’t know, sir.”
Khan had tapped his yellow teeth with a fingernail. “You have a passport?”
“Yes, sir. A new one.”
“Then come again tomorrow. Bring it with you.”
Khan had then stood up, gone to the front door, opened it, and Cass had walked out into the rain. He’d stood a moment on the pavement, zipped his jacket to his neck, and wondered whether to turn right or left. Before he’d decided, though, he’d been drenched by a cold spray of dirty gutter water from a passing bus. It was perhaps a taste of things to come.
That is how he’d explain how it started two years ago. Cass, now nineteen, then needed to explain why he was now in Malaysia carrying a fake Turkish passport.

CHAPTER 6
Peering into the bleak darkness and swirling snowflakes, Roger Smith was singing along to a Frederick Delius song as he navigated his massive eighteen-wheel truck along the narrow twists and turns of the high Scottish borders. 
“I looked o’er my shoulder to see what I might see, / and there, I spied my true love come a-tripping down to me.”
Over Roger’s shoulder, though, there was nothing but blackness. In front lay a narrow, winding, and snow-covered road, so he stopped singing to concentrate on something he’d spotted ahead. He gently touched the brakes. The view in his mirrors turned bright red, and there, lit by the truck’s headlights, was someone waving at him to stop. Beside the figure was a small car covered in snow.
Roger stopped the truck with a hiss from the brakes, and a cloud of steam was swept away in the biting wind sweeping down the mountainside. He switched on the cab light and opened the side window as snowflakes swirled inside and stuck to his horn-rimmed spectacles. Then he adjusted his woollen beanie and peered down. “Problem?” he shouted.
The figure slipped, regained his balance, came closer, and looked up at Roger. “It’s broken down,” he said. “And there’s no phone signal.”
The sad-looking face peering up at him from inside a dark hood was that of a young man using his bare knuckle to wipe away snow that stuck to his eyelashes, as if he was crying.
“Oh, dear me,” Roger said. “Well, you can’t stay here all night in this weather. Come around the other side and hop up.”
He closed his window, stood up to open the passenger door, and pulled the young man inside. Wearing wet jeans and a flimsy nylon jacket, the boy was shivering. “I’m Roger,” he said. “And this here ship is Madge. What’s your name?” 
“Kevin.”
“And where have you just come from, Kevin?”
“Edinburgh.”
Roger pulled his woollen beanie from his head and stared at him. It was a strange route to have taken. He took a quick look at the small snow-covered red car ahead. “Best leave it there in this weather, young man. I’ll take you down to Kirklee. You’ll get a phone signal down there and a garage.” 
Kevin settled into the passenger seat of the enormous cab and said, “Thanks.” Then he looked down onto the roof of his car. Inside the truck, music filled the warm air and lights flashed, and in the huge outside mirrors, a sea of red light reflected off the snow. Kevin felt like he’d been rescued by Star Ship Enterprise, except the captain was an old man with glasses.
Delius’s recording of Brigg Fair had changed to A Song of Summer, which, to Roger, seemed grossly inappropriate, so he switched it off, replaced his hat, and set off once more. “Driven in weather like this before, young man?”
“No.” Kevin shook his head as they were heading off into the floodlit darkness and driving snow. It felt like gliding along in a low-flying aircraft. He glanced at his rescuer, the old man with glasses and a coloured hat pulled down over his ears. He was steering with one hand while adjusting a control somewhere with the other.
“Like my hat?” Roger asked as Kevin turned away to stare nervously ahead into the driving snow from a height well above the roof of his own little car. 
Right then, a hat seemed unimportant to Kevin, but for Roger, it was an attempt to start a conversation of sorts. The boy’s knuckles seemed to be growing whiter by the minute as he gripped the arm rest. “My mother knitted it thirty years ago. They don’t make wool like they used to.” 
He glanced at Kevin. “You pray to a god young man?”
Kevin seemed unsure whether he did or he didn’t. 
“Never too late to start, young man, because this is the start of Clelland’s Hill. In this weather, it can get a bit tricky up here.” 
Kevin could sense the gradient had changed. Roger had changed gear a few times, and they were now heading upwards into total blackness with the truck’s headlights picking out a blizzard of snowflakes coming straight at them. 
Spaceship Madge lurched a bit to the right, but Roger made a gentle adjustment to the steering and glanced in his mirrors. 
Kevin found his voice. “What can we do? Go back?”
“Go back? There’s no going back, young man. It’s like life itself. New experiences never did a man any harm, unless they’re fatal. Here we go . . . up a bit . . . up some more. Right, here’s the old devil coming up. Ninety degrees or as near as damn it. There, told you, didn’t I? Madge took it like I knew she would, and we’re around, but . . . ah . . . oh, dear me. See what I see?”
When Kevin opened his eyes, Roger had stopped Madge in a cloud of snow and steam about ten feet from a snowdrift that had formed right across the road to somewhere behind a sheer rock face on the left. Judged by the thick clouds of powdery snow flying off the top, it was already waist high and getting higher.
“Well,” Roger said, “that’s a pity. Just as I was thinking we’d made it.”
Kevin stared at the pile of snow. “Can we turn around?”
Roger was sitting with his hands behind his head. “You’ve got a thing about going back, young man. I couldn’t turn Madge round in this sheep track if it was a midsummer’s afternoon. Lady luck has just deserted us. We’re stuck. Good and proper. But at least we’re upright and not with the wheels in the air.”
Kevin bit his nails. “So what do we do?”
“We review the situation. That’s what we do. We conduct a calm assessment. Then we make a firm decision and stick to it.”
“How long will it last?”
“Are you referring to the calm assessment or the snowdrift?” Roger replied with his usual humour. “That drift could last till April.” 
Then he opened the door, letting in a cloud of powdery snow, jumped down, and disappeared, leaving Kevin wondering where he’d gone.
He returned covered in snow, climbed back into his seat, turned the interior light off and said, “I’ve decided to reverse Madge about a hundred yards or so to the leeward side of a rock face. Then we can relax and sit it out until April . . . or May.” 
Kevin watched him wipe wet snow from his glasses. Then he heard the engine growl, and the truck slowly moved backwards as Roger steered into almost complete darkness using just his mirrors. Kevin, looking in the mirrors, could only see red snow from the truck’s rear lights.
“There,” Roger said after a while. “Peace and quiet. Out of the wind here.” He pulled off the anorak, shook it, and hung it over the door to drip. Then he turned towards Kevin. “Comfortable, young man?”
“Yes. But there’s still no phone signal.”
“No. There’s mothing till we get down to Kirklee.”
Kevin looked aghast, as if his world had collapsed. “I thought maybe . . .”
“No chance, young man. This is sheep country, and sheep live without phones or satnavs. Don’t fret. I’ll make some tea. You won’t starve here, Kevin. I have a kettle, microwave, and a fridge with six ready-made fish pies. Although, by April, we might need to consider a different solution. How good are you at deer stalking?” 
Over mugs of tea, they’d talked. 
They discussed Kevin’s car and the satnav that had shown a shortcut leading to a narrow mountain road amongst heather and sheep, and Roger learned that the reason for Kevin’s three-hundred-mile trip to Edinburgh was to collect a package for his boss, a Mr. Khan from a travel agency called Faisal World Travel. 
“In an old Volkswagen Golf that clearly wasn’t roadworthy?” Roger had asked. “I will never understand why people follow instructions from a machine. It’s like sheep following a farmer carrying a handful of straw. And who on God’s earth pays for a round trip of seven hundred miles to pick up a small parcel, young man. Come on. Tell Uncle Roger. Where did you start out from? I’m interested because we clearly share a common interest in transport. It might be the only interest, but it’s better than nothing.”
Kevin said he’d driven from Gloucester and was heading back there.
“What area of the city is that, Kevin? Sorry to ask, but you’ll find Uncle Roger’s a walking, talking atlas, far better than Google. Google’s only in business a short while. Uncle Roger’s been around for sixty-five years.”
“Park Road,” Kevin said. 
“Ah, yes. Near the mosque, eh? Very multicultural, if I’m not mistaken. Arabs, Asians, Africans, and a broad mix of various shades of Islam with very little in the way of Christian, Buddhist, or Jew. Right?”
“There’s a church on the corner of Midland Road.”
“Ah yes, of course. But the nearest synagogue must be thirty miles away, and the nearest Buddhist temple is a hundred miles away. What religious faith do you adhere to, Kevin?”
“Nothing.”
“I see. A member of the growing band of agnostics. And where do you live?”
“Uh, I live in uh . . . a flat above Faisal World Travel.”
“Very convenient. And what’s your surname?”
“Uh . . . Welbeck. Kevin Welbeck.”
That’s when Roger noticed some uncertainty creeping in, but he kept going. “Mine’s Smith. Roger Smith. Nothing very imaginative, but that’s not my fault. You got any paperwork for your parcel collection, Kevin?”
“It was cash.”
“Oh, dear me,” Roger said. “Never get caught carrying unknown goods with no paperwork, Kevin Welbeck. What’s in the parcel?”
That produced another problem. Kevin didn’t know. He frowned and fidgeted.
“I assume it’s still in your car that’s sitting disabled up the road.”
“Yes.”
Roger’s growing sense of suspicion about Kevin, his car, and the parcel increased. “Always know exactly what you’re carrying, Kevin,” he said. “Be a courier but never be a mule, young man. Why did you start carrying parcels?”
Kevin muttered something inaudible about wanting something better, but Roger wasn’t impressed. “Better than what, Kevin? Have you ever tried using some imagination? Putting your brain to being creative?”
“Which part of my brain is that?” Kevin asked.
“The creative part, Kevin. The part that inspired inventors like Leonardo da Vinci, engineers like Isambard Kingdom Brunel, artists like Pablo Picasso, industrialists like Richard Arkwright, and the great composers like Aaron Copland and Frederick Delius. The part of the brain that separates man from the animals and makes a thinking man’s life worth living. Another mug of tea?”
“Thanks.”
As Roger threw tea bags, he went on, “It should be a doddle finding something better to do, Kevin. What else are you doing to pay your way?”
“Retail,” Kevin said, trying to use a sophisticated word. He’d normally have said “a shop,” but he should have known it still wouldn’t be enough.
“Radios and TVs? Greetings cards? Ironmongery? Gentlemen’s outfitters? Ladies underwear?”
“Food.”
“Cat food? Dog food? Sheep pellets? Human food?”
“Middle Eastern, Indian, and Pakistani. We have a halal butchery.”
“How long have you worked there?”
“Six years.”
“You started when you were twelve?”
“When I was at school.” 
“I thought everyone went to university and came out with bits of paper saying they were qualified tennis club managers or media barons and then went to work in McDonald’s to pay off their student debts.”
“Yeh.”
A short silence descended as Roger tried working Kevin out. He didn’t want to pry too much, but things bothered him. He was nicely spoken and polite, but something didn’t feel right.
Kevin broke the silence. “Where had you come from then? Before you found me?”
“Guthrie’s farm. Up in the hills. Thirty pallets of sheep pellets picked up in Carlisle. I’m heading back for another load to take south.”
And so, conversation moved on with Roger offering a few secrets of his own as he tried to unpick Kevin. He talked about his long dead father and mother and then about music and books. “Read much, Kevin?”
“No, not much.”
Perhaps that wasn’t surprising. Most kids didn’t read these days. They played on phones or got their education from YouTube clips. He reached inside a locker and pulled out a book on regulations for drivers, statutory limits, and eye tests. He put it down in case Kevin picked it up and flipped through it. He didn’t, so he moved on to supermarkets and too much consumer choice. “Shampoo,” he said. “Rows and rows, shelves and shelves. Every darned colour, smell, flavour you can imagine. Thick hair, thin hair, dry hair, greasy hair, dandruff, essence of this, extract of that. And all I want is a drop of shampoo for my hair. Look at it?” He’d pulled off his woolly hat. “Does it look like I’m fussy?”
Kevin smiled and shook his head, so Roger sprung another question. “You do have a driving licence, don’t you, Kevin?”
Kevin turned away. “Sorry,” he said, still looking the other way.
“Sorry? Why?”
He half turned back. “I thought you might want to see my driving licence.”
“Why should I do that? It’s none of my business.”
“The name in my licence is different.” 
“So what is it?”
“I don’t like it.”
“I don’t like Roger, but I’m stuck with it.”
“I mean Welbeck.”
“I’m confused. Explain.”
“Welbeck’s my mum’s name.”
“Your father’s then?”
“I only have a mum.”
“Well, bless my soul. I only know one man who managed that before, and he claimed he’s the son of God.” 
“Very funny.”
“Then explain.”
“It’s none of your business.”
“True. So why tell me you’re fatherless?” 
“I don’t know.”
“I see. Have you got a girlfriend, Kevin?”
“I did once.” 
“What happened?”
“She dumped me.”
“Shame. Maybe she’d have offered some good advice on the future of the transport industry.”
“I doubt it. She worked in KFC on Park Road.”
“Be thankful for being dumped then, Kevin.”
Kevin made a sound that could have been a laugh, so Roger looked away. There was a sort of vulnerable innocence about Kevin, which he couldn’t help but like, so he cast his mind back to when he was Kevin’s age. 
At eighteen, he’d been living at home with his mother and father in Yeovil, helping out on Court’s farm, bringing cows in, feeding hens, mucking out the stable, generally trying to be useful but feeling insecure, lost, lacking in confidence, not knowing anything and shy whenever Mr. Court’s daughter tried talking to him. He’d been tongue tied and self-conscious in the company of Mr. Court and older men who seemed to know so much more than he did, even if it was only that the tractor could be fixed with a piece of dry twig broken off the sycamore tree. 
Kevin, Roger concluded, was not unlike himself at age eighteen. Perhaps Kevin was merely worried about being stuck in the middle of nowhere with an old guy who talked too much and wore army boots, a thirty-year-old hand-knitted beanie, and glasses. Perhaps Kevin was thinking that if he’d not turned up when he did, he’d have frozen to death with his hands stuck in the ten-to-two position on the steering wheel of the Golf with his bleached skeleton to be found next April. Perhaps it was just that the January payment on his car was due in two days’ time. Perhaps he had no licence and no insurance. Whatever it was, the poor boy looked worried to death, as if he’d just collected a million pounds worth of crack cocaine from Edinburgh, had a customer threatening him if he didn’t deliver the stuff urgently, and it was now sat in the trunk of the Golf half buried in snow. That thought made Roger take another look at Kevin’s somewhat sad-looking face and feel a sort of compassion. He opened another locker and showed Kevin his collection of novels.
“There you go, young Kevin. If you get bored with me, try one of these. Nice covers, highly acclaimed authors, rave reviews, some Pulitzer and Booker prize winners, and all well-suited to an avid reader willing to learn something new and get a new perspective on life. And when you’ve finished all those, try listening to some music written by composers of the past before radio and TV and digital buttons, when music was the only entertainment available. Do you like Vaughan Williams or William Walton, Kevin? Could you identify a composition by one of your very own local composers—Herbert Howells of Lydney or Edward Elgar from just over the boundary? Would you have recognised the piece by Frederick Delius I was playing when I saved you from freezing to death?”
When Roger finally crept behind the curtain to catch some sleep, Kevin was reading The Grapes of Wrath by John Steinbeck. 

CHAPTER 7
Gordon’s Motors operated from what had once been an old blacksmith’s workshop and stable in a narrow side street behind Faisal World Travel on Park Road. 
Access via a narrow alleyway hemmed in by crumbling brick walls on both sides had been fine for horses in Victorian times, but it was not easy to manoeuvre a modern-day SUV through. Gordon, therefore, specialised in smaller, older cars where any new scratch would go unnoticed—cars like Kevin’s old Volkswagen Golf that just needed to be kept going a while longer before they died or met with a fatal injury.
But Gordon’s business had survived. There were plenty of old cars around the side streets off Park Road, where owners sought cheap repairs, and Gordon himself was well known. He’d been living there since he was born. Indeed, he’d inherited the stables and the alleyway from his father.
If his head wasn’t inside a car engine or he was lying beneath it with only his feet showing, then Gordon was usually to be found in his office—a dark area in the far corner close enough to keep an eye on things and within sight of any new customer before they had time to fully check the place out.
On the day Kevin was three hundred miles away in Scotland and Cass was six thousand miles to the east, Gordon had been fretting over the bureaucracy of being an employer. “Wally? Where are you?” he shouted.
Walid was on his lunch break in the area behind the hydraulic car lift that Gordon called the staff room. He pushed his half-eaten cheese and pickle sandwich back into its pack, wiped crumbs from his mouth, scraped his chair back, and stood up. Across the table, Craig O’Donnell threw a piece of crust from his own sandwich at Walid. “Jump to it, Wally, or the stupid old bugger will have a heart attack.”
Around the grubby plastic table, Ali grinned, Mustapha drained his can of diet coke, Mo picked at his teeth, and Craig laughed. “Who’s a bad boy then? Been putting coolant in the brake fluid again?”
“Fuck off,” Walid said using the all-purpose phrase he’d quickly learned on arriving from Syria. Walid was just nineteen years old and the youngest of Gordon’s five staff. 
Beneath his oily green overalls, Walid wore jeans and a bulky button-up sweater, and out of habit, he twisted the single ear stud in his right ear. He’d never told anyone, but he’d found the ear stud at a fuel station near Harwich, and it seemed to have brought him luck. Once he’d climbed down from the truck and said goodbye to Herman, the Polish driver who’d driven him across Europe, there it was lying on the ground. 
“Wally?” Gordon called again. “Are you deaf? Ah, Wally. There you are. Sit.”
Walid perched on the edge of the greasy black chair that might once have adorned Gordon’s dining room table at home. Gordon sat on its twin, staring at the dusty, greasy screen of his computer. His elbows were lying amongst pink receipt slips, and his boots were amongst a tangle of cabling beneath the table. He wiped the computer screen with his hand. “How long have you worked here, Wally?”
“Eight months, Gord.” Everyone else called Gordon Gord, so Walid did too. 
“And you’ve now got a British passport, yes?”
Walid paused, worrying where this was heading. “My father was Turkish, Gord . . . I think.”
Gordon looked at him. “Wally, please try to stop confusing me with all these foreign places, will you? Just say yes or no. Somehow, you’ve now got a British passport, yes?”
Walid hesitated. “Yes,” he said cautiously. 
The fact was that Walid had only had it a month, and now, after all the bureaucratic hassle of proving he was entitled to it, it had disappeared. To please Gordon at his interview, he’d told him he’d applied for one and expected it any day. It was true, but there had been complications because his birth certificate and other essential pieces of paper had been lost somewhere between London and Syria. And then there were the suspicions about how he’d arrived in the UK. Luck had played a big part in his trek from Syria that had ended in the ferry trip cross the North Sea.
“But you still speak a bit like an Arab, Wally. Remind me. Why is that?”
“I lived in Syria with my mother for seven years, Gord. She was Syrian.”
“Where were you born?”
“Peckham, South London.”
“So why the bloody hell come to this hellhole?”
“It’s a better hellhole than Peckham, Gord. And much better than Aleppo.” 
Gordon was tapping his front teeth with a black and oily fingernail and squinting so hard at him that Walid felt he should add some detail. “My mum was a nurse, and she went back to Syria to help. I went with her. Remember? I told you before.”
“I remember, Wally. I’m not stupid. Where’s your father?”
Walid sniffed. “He went somewhere else.”
“Where?” Gordon now looked at him out of the corner of his eye, so Walid shrugged. He didn’t know. “Why doesn’t that surprise me, Wally? But your mother died in Syria, right?”
Walid nodded and looked away. His mother, who’d trained in London but returned to Syria during the fighting, had been killed when a bomb hit the hospital in Aleppo, where she’d been working. Walid had then gone to live with an uncle in Damascus.
Gordon watched Walid. He actually liked this young lad. He’d called him Wally since the day he started working because Wally rolled off his tongue easier than Walid. The boy was a quick learner with a flair for car electronics. He arrived on time, didn’t creep out early like that Irish dimwit Craig, and never had a day’s sickness either. He’d even asked to borrow Gordon’s pre-1996 Vauxhall Corsa and Toyota Carina service manuals to read. The lad was unusually conscientious.
Walid’s only weakness, as far as Gordon was concerned, was the ridiculous hooded sweater he wore, and that he seemed too lazy to shave off the thin threads of dark hair that sprouted from his chin. Gordon regarded himself as a very tolerant man, but what irritated him most was an unshaven teenager wearing a hooded anorak and low-strung trousers, with the crack of a bum and the top of underpants on show.
Walid waited, jigging his knees up and down. “Any problem, Gord?”
“Immigration checks. Every now and then, men in suits turn up,” he said. “Just because we’re in the middle of what I call Islamabad-on Sea, they suspect everyone here’s an illegal.” He waved his hand. “OK, go to work and bring your passport in tomorrow. I need to show a copy to the pen pushers. Off you go. Now send in Mo.”
Except for red-haired Craig from Belfast, each of Gordon’s staff—Ali from Iraq, Mo from Afghanistan, and Mustapha from Pakistan—were asked the same questions and told to bring in their passports the next day. “I need to cover my arse,” Gordon said three times. 
Walid, though, spent the rest of the afternoon in sweat for he no longer had a passport. 
That night in his tiny room on the first floor of number 9, Shipley Street, Walid couldn’t sleep. 
Two days before, someone had been in his room during the daytime and moved his backpack. Then he’d noticed that the drawer where he kept the few things he’d managed to carry all the way from Syria had been left slightly open. In it were his mother’s rings, a leather necklace with its pendant, a badly engraved lion’s head, and a few other odds and ends. They’d clearly been moved but were still there, so he tipped everything from his backpack to find that the envelope with his new British passport he’d put right at the bottom wasn’t there. He’d only had it for two weeks, and Gordon wanted to see it in the morning.
Walid lay there all night, worrying what he’d say to Gordon in the morning. But what bothered him more than anything was the man he paid his rent to—Mr. Khan, who owned Faisal World Travel on Park Road.
Walid had been on the last stage of his trip across Europe, and unlike many others he’d met on the way, Walid had some money—US dollars that his mother had left him. 
When he’d met Herman, the Polish truck driver, at the truck stop north of Dusseldorf and Herman suggested he could get him all the way from there to England on the ferry from the Hook of Holland to Harwich, the money had come in very useful. 
“One thousand dollars,” Herman had said. “For that, you get a five-star ride in the cab with me. No questions asked. You’re my co-driver. Your name’s Hamid. Here’s your Turkish truck driver’s licence, and here’s your Turkish passport. They never check it. And, anyway, you look a bit like Hamid.”
Herman had dropped him in Harwich, and Walid then hitched a ride to North London to the car park of a furniture warehouse in Enfield. From there, he’d walked to Edmonton, bought a can of Coca-Cola at a kiosk, and then, because it was a sunny afternoon, wandered into Pymmes Park, where, quite suddenly, the traffic noise disappeared. He then found himself by a quiet lake with ducks, swans, and black and white geese. It was like an oasis—a place of peace and tranquillity. 
He’d found a patch of dry grass and lay down, overwhelmed by a feeling of accomplishment because he’d made it back to London, where he’d started from all those years. He fell asleep, and when he woke up, the swans and geese had gone. The sun had sunk behind the trees, and it had turned cold, so he took his hooded sweater from his backpack and pulled it on. 
He had the name and phone number of a Syrian man who said he would help him when he arrived in London, but whenever he’d ring the number, no one answered. Walid, though, was used to issues like that. Things always worked out in the end.
He looked around. He could still hear the traffic beyond the trees, and there were a couple of joggers and a woman with toddlers feeding the ducks. On a park bench close by was a black guy in jeans, tee shirt, and jacket. He was sitting with his arms outstretched across the back of the bench, with one of his feet resting on his knee, and his head back watching the sky. Walid, meanwhile, reorganised his backpack, redialled the number he’d been given, and with no reply, set off towards the park entrance just as the black guy did the same. 

***

That black guy was me, Kurt, and that’s how and where I first met Walid. We’d arrived at the park gate together, and he looked at me and said, “Excuse me. Which way’s south?”
“That way, I think,” I told him.
He asked me if I knew the area, so I said, “Not so good, man. Where you from?”
Ten minutes later and feeling good about him, I remember saying to him, “You eat today, mate? Come chop?” I was fully into Lagos speak at the time because of Coolie. 
Anyway, to cut the story short, Walid spent his first night on the floor back at Coolie’s place. Coolie, himself, turned up around midnight, and I introduced them. 
“Everywhere one big go slow, like Lagos, man,” was how Coolie described the traffic outside. “You come from noise or peace and quiet?”
“I was born in Peckham,” Walid admitted, and we laughed. 
“Fucking Peckham?” Coolie said. “Jesus Christ, man. Peckham’s part of Africa. I thought they’d chucked all the Arabs and whites out years ago.” 
The following day had been a good one. I landed a job painting walls for the council, and Walid took my advice to take a long-distance bus and find somewhere cheaper than London. 
“Around Park Road and Shipley Street, where I used to live, is cheap,” I told him. “Ask around. Lots of Arab boys. Even more Pakistanis. They’ll fix you with somewhere to stay. Get settled. Take your time. Sort your status.”
Walid and I stayed in touch after that, and later on, when Walid had settled in his room on Shipley Street and made some friends, we had a longer phone chat and caught up on names from the past because Walid had started mixing a bit in the area.
“Yeh, sure. I know Kev’s,” I said. “We were mates. He still working in Bashir’s? You meet Cass? Paki guy? No? Where’s Cass gone then? Good guy Cass. Ask Kevs where Cass is . . . So you got yourself a position? Gordon’s motors? Nice . . . Yeh, I know Gord too. Only white fella left. Fixes cars behind Park Road . . . Mr. Khan? Yeh. I know him as well. Jesus, man. You go careful. He owns half of Park Road and Shipley Street. Whenever he passed the window, my mother used to hide . . . Yeh, stay tuned, Walid. Next time you’re passing Edmonton, call in. Plenty of floor space. Coolie won’t mind. Just bring your ear plugs. Cheers, bro.” 
Since then, Walid had heard other stories about Mr. Khan. It was Khan who seemed to know that Walid’s British passport application had stalled. He’d stopped Walid in the street one day, pulled him through the doorway of Faisal World Travel, and asked him about it. “You got money?”
“Some,” Walid had replied.
“Five hundred pounds,” Khan said. “You got a photo?”
A week later, Walid’s British passport arrived in a plain white envelope. Someone had pushed it under his door. Now it was gone again.

***

The next morning, in the garage, Walid again heard his name being called. 
“Wally?” Gordon hollered. “Come here.”
Walid went to Gordon’s office, sniffed, and said, “I’ve got something to tell you, Gord.”
“Then tell it.”
“My passport’s gone.”
“Gone? Gone where? Did it walk? Float away on the breeze? Fall in the john?”
Walid explained. “Always be honest,” his mother had told him. 
Gordon listened while patiently tapping his teeth. After all, he still liked Walid. He liked his honesty, his way with words, his accent, and his general attitude. He just didn’t like the straggle of hairs on his chin. But once Walid had finished his explanation, he exploded.
“Mr. Bloody Khan?” he yelled. “He owns number 43 as well? And he’s your landlord? That bastard owns half the houses in Shipley Street and Park Road to say nothing of the Midland Road and Brick Street.”
Walid nodded. That was exactly what he’d heard from others.
“He sorted your passport?”
“I had problems, Gord. They needed evidence of where I’d lived.”
“How much did he charge you?”
“Five hundred pounds.”
“And in two weeks, it’s come and then gone again!”
Walid nodded. “Someone broke in my room while I was at work. Someone with a key.”
“Someone with a key?” Gordon repeated. “Did you keep a copy anywhere? Know the passport number?”
Walid shook his head, and Gordon scratched his head for a full minute. “Right. I’ll sort it with the immigration paper shuffler. Take a day off, Wally. Make yourself scarce. You’ve just gone on holiday to Lanzarote with your passport, OK?”
“Thanks, Gord.”

***

Walid took the day off, and during the day, he phoned me. He obviously needed someone to talk to about his passport, but it was not a good moment. I’d moved from wall painting for the council to domestic waste collection for more money. Because someone, somewhere had noticed I didn’t shirk and did OK at the interview. I was on a definite career ladder as a so-called facilities operator with an exciting career structure lying ahead as a refuse and cleansing operative leading to a recycling adviser if I learned the difference between polystyrene and PVC.
“I can’t talk now, Walid,” I said. “This is one big crazy street. Everything’s blocked by an accident. I’ll call you back, man.”
True to my word, I called him back. “Sorry, mate. I’ve finished for the day. In fact, I’m off on holiday soon. I’ll be glad to get away for some peace and quiet.”
“You got a passport, Kurt?”
“Sure. Nice new maroon one with all the fancy patterns.”
“I just lost mine,” Walid said. “Only had it two weeks. Someone nicked it.”
“Jesus, Walid,” I said. “What did I tell you? I’ll bet you thirty quid it’s fucking Khan. He’s a bastard. He’d stuff anyone.” 
“Yeh,” Walid said. “By the way, I found out what happened to Cass.”
“Cass? Qasim Siddiqui also of Shipley Street? Tell me.”
“Kevs told me he got fed up living around here and bought an air ticket from Mr. Khan to go to Turkey for a change of scenery. Just before he left, Khan then gave him a parcel to take with him. Kevs hasn’t seen Cass since. No one’s seen him for two years. They think he might have joined ISIL, but Kevin doesn’t believe that. Do you?”
I admit I was shocked by that. 
Cass was the least likely candidate for an extreme change of scenery like that. I could never imagine Cass wielding a machete and yelling “Allahu Akbar.” It was quite the opposite, in fact. I’d often heard him joking about eating crispy bacon and pork sausages, and Kevin would often fix things for Cass to avoid prayers.
“Wah. Is that right?” I said at last. “I can’t believe it. Cass was a mate. We were all mates. You need to watch where you step, Walid. A lot of dog shit in the streets around your patch. Know what I mean?”
“Yeh,” Walid paused, thinking. “But how about Gordon, Kurt? You know him? Trust him?”
“Gordon? Sure. Only white face left in Park Road. Probably there when Park Road was built.”
“Yeh, I think so. He told me to take the day off and pretend I’m on a holiday, but I only got as far as Shipley Street.” He tried laughing at his joke. “Where are you going on holiday, Kurt?”
“As far away as possible, Walid. Thailand. Dirt cheap flight. The land of smiles, the brochure said. Pictures look nice. Tranquil like. Blue skies, birds, and trees. Know what I mean?”
“You didn’t buy the ticket from Khan then, Kurt?”
That was a Walid joke, and we laughed and made a few more jokes. But then, I sat thinking about Kevin and Walid and Cass. The news about Cass was weird. Troubling. What had happened to him? Where was he?
I was to find out sooner than I thought. 

CHAPTER 8
In Scotland, the snow had stopped. 
By dawn, the temperature had risen above freezing, but deep snowdrifts still lay around the truck. Before daylight, Roger had decided to detach the trailer part of the truck and leave a note on it for the police. Then, in the narrow mountain road that Kevin could now see fell away on one side into a steep valley, Roger detached the forty-foot trailer and turned the tractor unit around with just inches to spare to face the way they’d come the night before. Kevin was mightily impressed. 
“Right then, Kevin. Now that’s sorted it’s time for ablutions.”
“Excuse me?”
“Ablutions, Kevin. Shit, shower, and shave. Whatever the circumstances, set some standards for yourself and keep them. It’s time for a refreshing wash and shave preceded by the emptying of bowels.” With that, he pulled a towel and a small zipper bag from behind the curtain, jumped down into the snow, and disappeared. 
Ten minutes later, he was back. “By Jove, that was invigorating. Your turn, Kevin. You can borrow my razor if you like.”
“What about water?”
“Snow, Kevin. Snow. Never heard the saying, “The best a man can get”? Feel the tingling sensations as the needle-like splinters of ice stimulate your extremities and peripheral circulation. Feel like a real man afterwards. Tell your mates that hot water is for girls and old ladies.”
When he returned five minutes later, shivering uncontrollably, Roger was sitting back listening to music. “Aaron Copland, Kevin. Heard of him? American composer. Listen to him while reading Steinbeck. Good for the imagination . . . Are you that cold, Kevin?”
Kevin’s teeth chattered. “Y-Y-Yes. A little.” 
Roger switched the music off. “Right, settle yourself. Let’s see if we can find your car. How was John Steinbeck?”
Kevin was still shivering. “I’m h-h-halfway.”
Roger nodded and grinned at him, impressed. “Very good. Enjoying it?” 
“Is it true about the g-g-great depression?”
“Oh yes. American poverty and a desperately poor family of white folks struggling to survive. In this day and age, it should be read more widely, don’t you think? White privilege? Puts things into perspective. Yes?”
“Yes.”
Twenty minutes later, Roger pointed through the front windscreen. “There she is, Kevin, sitting and waiting for you like a faithful girlfriend.” 
Roger stopped the truck. Kevin opened the door and jumped down. Roger came out the other side and pointed. “Tyre tracks. Someone’s been here to take a look.”
The tracks were those of a farm tractor—wide and deep treads doing a three-point turn and then returning the way it had come. And amongst the tracks were boot prints. Someone had gone to the car door, maybe opened it, walked around, and then walked away. Roger thought he knew who.
Kevin sat in the car and turned the key. Nothing. Roger looked through the open door. “Expecting a miracle. Kevin?” Kevin went to the boot, brushed the snow off, and raised the lid. There it was—the package. 
“Is that what’s been making you so nervous?” 
Kevin touched it with his finger, but nothing jumped out, and it didn’t burst into flames. “What shall we do?” he asked.
“What’s inside?”
“I don’t know.”
“Well, it’s your package until you hand it to Mr. Khan, Kevin. Then it becomes Mr. Khan’s. You decide.”
“I can’t.”
“In that case, just leave it there for the time being. First things first, as my mother used to say. First, you need to fix your car. But you can’t drive it, so someone will either have to come here and fix it or take it away. But we can’t phone because there’s no phone signal. Agreed?”
“Yeh. You think it’s the crankshaft?” 
“A crankshaft? In the parcel?”
“No. The problem. It was in the book I was reading.”
“Ah, the Joad family’s ancient old Hudson held together by prayer, determination, and an adjustable spanner. The crankshaft failure.”
“They stripped it on the roadside.”
“But they had a few basic tools, Kevin. You don’t. Do you even know what a crankshaft looks like? Where it is? What it does? You see, what I do in situations like this is to list all the possible problems, eliminate them one by one, and what’s left must be the most likely. But if you still don’t know, then you start the same process for finding a solution. Do you want to make a start, or shall I?”
“You can.”
“Well, judging by the symptoms you described, Kevin, and by eliminating a dozen impossibilities, I can only think of one likely cause. Electrical. But it still needs checking, and we can’t do anything until we contact a garage.” 
Roger noticed he’d been saying “we.” He’d started saying “we” the night before. Resolving the problem of this broken-down old Golf with its rusting twin exhausts and custom steering wheel had somehow become a shared responsibility, as had what to do about the parcel. 
Kevin stood up, nodded, and blew a puff of white steam into the cold air, as if that might help.
“Guthrie’s Farm is my suggestion,” Roger went on, pointing somewhere over the hill to the east. “I reckon those are Hamish Guthrie’s tractor marks and Hamish’s boots. What do you say about driving up to the farm to see if his phone’s working? If nothing else, I guarantee we’ll be offered a cup of tea.” 
They returned to the truck, and Kevin, with his nose pressed to the side window, continued his study of the remote snowy landscape. He might have enjoyed it had his mind not kept jumping to the parcel and Mr. Khan and then back again.
“You know the Mark Twain quote, Kevin?” Roger said, looking at him. “There’s no sadder sight than the face of a young pessimist.” 
For Kevin, the expanse of nothingness that was the Pentland Hills felt like a different country—miles of open hill country covered in fresh snow and a wide expanse of icy-looking clear sky. The track curved right then down into a dip, and there stood Hamish’s old grey stone-built farm house. Parked outside the barn was Hamish’s green tractor.
Two minutes later, Hamish himself emerged followed by two dogs. Then, with introductions and short explanations over, Hamish invited them both inside.
“So ye caught a bit of weather, eh?” Hamish said to Kevin. 
“It broke down.” Kevin said rather obviously.
“We’ve come to ask if you’ve got a phone signal to summon some help,” Roger said.
“Aye. No problem. Take a seat at the table. You’ll take tea, Kevin?” 
As Hamish made tea, Roger explained what had happened. “We got over Clelland’s but then hit a deep patch, so we sat it out.”
“So where had ye come from, Kevin?”
“Edinburgh.”
“You took the scenic route, eh?” 
“Satnav,” Kevin said.
“Aye, it happens. Take no notice o’ them things.”
“That’s what I told him,” piped in Roger. “Did you bring your phone, Kevin?”
 Kevin pulled out his phone, checked the screen, and nodded. “Signal,” he said. “Who should I call?”
“You want me to decide, Kevin?”
Kevin sniffed. “A garage?”
“As a first step, that sounds a very good idea. Who should he call, Hamish?” 
Hamish put three mugs of tea on the table and sat down. “Try Galbraith’s in Blackhall. He’s got a breakdown truck.”
“Do you have the number?” Kevin asked.
Hamish went to a drawer. “Aye, there you are.”
Kevin pressed numbers. “Yes, I’ve broken down . . . a Golf GTI . . . I don’t know. It just stopped . . .” He sniffed and turned to Roger. “He wants to know where I am.” 
“Say you’re at Guthrie’s farm. He’ll know it.”
“Guthrie’s farm . . . Yeh . . . So when could you come?” Kevin looked at Roger. “He says sometime this afternoon.”
“You decide, Kevin. Your car. Your responsibility.”
“Yeh, OK. Uh, how much? . . . Oh! Bloody hell . . . Does that include fixing it? Jesus . . . I don’t know. Hang on.” He turned to Roger again. Roger and Hamish exchanged glances. “I can’t afford it,” he said with a look of dismay on his face. “It’s a hundred and fifty just for the vehicle recovery.”
“Then tell him you need to think about what to do.”
“Yeh, I’ll think about it and call you back. Thank you.” 
“So?” Roger asked when he’d switched off. “What now?”
“I don’t know.”
Hamish looked at Roger but spoke to Kevin. “Are ye in a rush to get home?”
“There’s a parcel in the boot.”
“In that old Golf? Did ye talk to Roger about what to do?” 
Kevin nodded. 
“And what did he say?”
“Phone the customer and decide.”
As Roger watched, Kevin sniffed nervously and tried the number he always used for Mr. Khan. “There’s no reply,” he told Roger, as if relieved.
“Then forget it. You’ve tried. Wait for him to call back.”
“What shall we do about the parcel?”
“We? Your parcel. Your decision.”
“I don’t like that parcel.”
“Why?”
Kevin said nothing, but Roger did. “Right. Well, I need to call Carlisle and then Borders Police to report the abandoned trailer. Hopefully, the road will be clear soon, so I can get on my way.”
Hamish looked at both Roger and Kevin and shrugged. “Well,” he said, “I need to get some wood in.” Then he left. The dogs followed him.

***

There was a silence for a while as the door opened and shut. A blast of cold air wafted through the kitchen and blew a cloud of wood smoke from the fire. Kevin seemed not to notice but sniffed and wiped his nose as Roger watched his lips moving, as if he was working towards saying something else. 
It came eventually. “So will you go to Carlisle?” he asked.
It was Roger’s turn to sniff. “What’s to keep me here, Kevin?”
“I don’t know.”
Roger sighed. “Kevin, my friend, you need to be more decisive. And another thing . . .” For a moment, he played with his beanie. “You still haven’t told me your real surname.”
Kevin took a deep breath. “Khan,” he said with such little certainty that Roger almost laughed. 
“Another Khan? Kevin Khan?” Roger asked.
“Yeh. No.”
Roger shook his head angrily. “For crying out loud, Kevin.”
Kevin nervously bit his lip. “It’s not Kevin either,” he said. “My ma calls me Kevin.”
For some reason, Kevin wanted to talk. To admit to things. To explain. To share something. He was at his wit’s end. Lost. Vulnerable. Unable to think what to do.
“So what the blazes is your first name?” 
“Kareem.”
“Kareem Khan? Can I safely assume that’s Pakistani? That you might look English, but you’re actually Pakistani?”
Between his long black eyelashes, Kevin’s eyes widened. “I’m English, OK? My ma’s English. Her name is Welbeck—Silvia Welbeck.” 
“OK. So what’s the Pakistan connection?”
“My father was from Pakistan. His name is Khokhar.” 
Roger frowned. “Why is it not Khan, Kevin? And why are you not Kareem Khokhar?” 
“I’m Khokhar, but my father calls himself Khan.”
“For goodness sake, Kevin. My head’s swimming. Do they all call themselves Khan when it suits them? Can I call myself Roger Khan? And what’s your father’s first name? The name his parents gave him when he was small enough to be bounced on their knee and suckled. What is it?”
 Kevin shrugged. He didn’t know. 
“So what does your birth certificate say?”
“Kareem Khan.”
“Could you not change it to Kevin Welbeck?”
“I think so. My mum wants to but—”
“But what, Kevin? What’s going on? Is Edinburgh Wazir also a Pakistani Khan? We already know that Faisal World Travel Khan is a Pakistani Khan, and so it seems is everyone else in Park Road. Might they all be Khan’s, Kevin? Or even Khokhars?”
“Why is it important?” Kevin said, but it was a mistake. 
I remember Willie once was telling us, in school, never to retreat before you know what’s around the corner. Perhaps Kevin already knew what was around the corner, so it was excusable. But it wasn’t to Roger. He stood up. 
“Right. Well. It’s not important to me, so I’ll be on my way, OK? I hope you get the car fixed. Nice to meet you.”
Kevin stood. “Pease Roger. Don’t—”
“Why not? I’m only trying to understand things. But it’s obviously none of my business, so I’ll be on my way. I’ll drive back to the trailer and wait for the plough to come through.”
“Khan from Faisal World Travel is my uncle, I think.”
Roger stared and then removed his hat to scratch his head. “Oh, my word. I’m tempted to ask who Faisal is, but let’s not discuss that now. But, of course, you only think he’s your uncle. What a tangled world we have created through infidelity and promiscuity, Kevin. And here’s me thinking it was only Anglo-Saxons who played at wife-swapping and similar sorts of evening entertainment.”
Roger now saw that Kevin’s eyes were sparkling. He blinked and wiped his face with the back of his hand, and Roger immediately felt sorry again. 
“And why are you so nervous about that parcel, Kevin?”
The door opened, and Hamish came through with an armful of cut logs. “It’s clouding over. Looks like rain. Not cold enough for snow.” He dropped the logs by the fireside, tossed one on the fire, stood up, and stretched his back with his hands on his hips. “Did I interrupt something?”
“We were talking,” Roger said. He paused, looked at Kevin, and decided to explain.
“Kevin’s in a spot of bother,” he said. “And it’s not just his car. Kevin has a parcel at the back of his car that he picked up in Edinburgh. Kevin doesn’t know what’s in that parcel, and Kevin would prefer not to know. Kevin would like to drive back home and hand the parcel over to his landlord who, we’ve just established, might be a relative of his. Then Kevin would like to carry on living his life of ‘hear no evil, speak no evil and see no evil’ like the three monkeys. But Kevin, Hamish, is like the fourth monkey who would prefer to feel no evil and also the fifth monkey who would prefer to walk away from evil. Five monkeys in one. How lucky we are to find such a rare specimen stuck in the snow with no idea what to do next.”
Kevin stood, with an unusual look of annoyance on his young face. “Shut the fuck up, Roger. Talk. Fucking talk.”
Roger glanced at Hamish and managed a wink that Kevin would not have seen. Then he turned to Kevin. 
“Fine. I’ll be on my way then. But you called me, Kevin. There I was driving along, minding my own business, happy as a bunny, and suddenly, there you were, standing in the road, quivering like a jelly, completely lost, with a dead car and scared stiff you would freeze to death if someone didn’t show you some pity. Now, here you are in my friend Hamish’s house being offered kindness, hospitality, and yet more help, and all you can manage is a string of obscenities. I told you last night that swearing is a sign of a lack of vocabulary and many other weaknesses that do not befit a real man. Now apologise to Hamish.”
Kevin sniffed, walked to the window by the sink, and stared out. Then he turned. “Sorry,” he said. 
“Come and sit down,” Hamish said. “Tell us what’s going on? Then we’ll go and check your car and bring it up here.”
It was late morning by the time Hamish knew as much about Kevin as Roger. The only new bit was when Kevin called Khan a bastard.
“Right then, laddie,” Hamish then said, “Let’s take a ride down the road, bring the car back here, and we’ll take a look.”
They took the Land Rover and towed the car up to the house. Kevin then retrieved the package, carried it into the barn, put it on a bale of hay, and returned to the car to find Roger and Hamish peering into the engine.
“Battery,” said Hamish, “and probably an alternator fault. Everything needs checking. You also need new tyres, laddie. You’re lucky you weren’t stopped. But this is as far as this car is going before everything’s fixed. Come inside again. Let’s have a bite to eat. Cheese sandwiches, Kevin?”
They were sitting around the farmhouse kitchen table once more when Kevin’s phone rang. He didn’t answer it at first but stared at the screen. “It’s Mr. Khan,” he said.
“Are you going to answer it?” Roger asked.
Kevin hesitated and wiped his lips. “Yes?” he said into the phone. “Delayed, Mr. Khan . . . Very sorry . . . Snow . . . At a farm . . . I picked it up yesterday, but the car broke down. Sorry, Mr. Khan. No signal. I got to fix it. Maybe tomorrow, maybe . . . Why so urgent, Mr. khan? Not my fault . . . No guarantees ‘cuz I gotta get it fixed . . . There’s no train, Mr. Khan . . . This is like some big open country. Mr. Khan? Mr. Khan?”
He turned to Roger. “He’s mad with me.”
“So it seems.”
“He wants it now. It’s urgent. He says come by train.”
“Better go back to Edinburgh and catch one then, Kevin. But you got no money and no way to get to Edinburgh.”
Kevin’s phone rang again, and the colour drained from Kevin’s face. “There’s no way, Mr. Khan . . . I got no car. I told you . . . I don’t know. I need to check, but I got no money . . . not even enough to fix the car. How can I buy a train ticket?”
There was a short silence during which Kevin wandered to the window, and Hamish pulled a bottle of whisky and three glasses from a cupboard. He poured himself one and offered the bottle to Roger. Roger shook his head. Kevin was still talking.
“Believe me . . . I can’t. Believe me, Mr. Khan?”
Kevin stared at his silent phone, wiped his face, and stayed staring out of the window across miles of wild snow-covered hills.
“What is it, Kevin?” Roger asked from the table. There was no answer, so he tried again. “What’s up?”
Kevin turned; his eyes were sparkling. “He warned me before. If anything goes wrong or I fucked up, he’d—”
Kevin suddenly turned and ran outside. Roger followed with Hamish and the dogs right behind. He ran across the snowy yard to the open barn and stood staring at the package lying on the straw bale. “I want to open it!” he shouted.
Then spotting a pair of sheep shears hanging on the wall, he slit the brow tape and tore open the brown paper covering. As Roger and Hamish leaned over, he then pulled out a cardboard box and cut through the lid.
Then, from amongst the crumbs of polystyrene packaging, he pulled out a pile of passports, one with a dark green cover, the others maroon. He scattered them across the straw bale and picked up the green one: Pakistani.
Roger picked up three maroon ones—European, British. Hamish picked up the others—one Greek, one German.
Kevin turned the box upside down, and out fell more packaging and then three clear plastic bags with copper tubes the size of pencils inside. Hamish pounced on one.
“Miniature detonators,” he said. “Christ almighty. We need to call the police.”
Kevin looked at him, with his eyes wide. “No,” he said. “Please.” He crouched down and put his head in his hands. “You don’t understand.”
Roger bent down and grabbed Kevin’s shoulder. “There’s a lot I don’t understand, Kevin. What are you involved with?”
Kevin said nothing but stared ahead with his elbows on his knees and his head clasped between his hands.
Hamish was not so patient. “What the hell would anyone want with detonators?” he shouted. His face was flushed with anger. “Come on, man, talk.” Kevin looked up but still said nothing. “Right, I’m calling the police. This can’t happen on my property. Do ye hear?”
Hamish marched off towards the house, but Kevin ran to catch him and grabbed his arm. “No. Please. They’ll hurt my ma. If I cause a problem, my ma suffers.”
They were through the door and into the kitchen, and Hamish was still heading for the telephone, with Kevin still dragging on his arm, still pleading.
Roger caught up and put an arm over Kevin’s shoulders.
“Kevin,” he said quietly. “Think, man. You’ve got a lot more explaining to do. Otherwise, Hamish is right. We need to call the police.” He held out a hand to Hamish to calm him.
“I don’t need explanations,” Hamish said angrily while picking up his phone from the table. “Someone’s up to no good here, and I don’t want to be dragged into a police investigation that starts on my farm. This has all the hallmarks of a bloody terrorist plot to me. For God’s sake, Roger, this is serious. There’s only one thing to do, and that’s to call the police.”
Roger nodded. He fully understood Hamish’s opinion, but he also had this growing feeling that Kevin was one of life’s victims. Behind the sullenness, the uncertainty, and the lack of confidence, Roger saw a likeable but mixed-up lad with a serious problem hanging over his head—a problem Roger didn’t yet understand but one that Kevin needed to share with someone he could trust. Roger could feel him trembling.
“Give us a minute, Hamish,” he pleaded.
Kevin shrugged Roger’s arm from his shoulder. “Please, sir,” he said to Hamish. His voice cracked, and he wiped his eyes. “Let me call Mr. Khan again.”
Hamish, struck by the passion and the unexpected politeness, put the phone down. “And what’re ye going to say, laddie?”
Roger prayed Kevin wouldn’t say he didn’t know because if he did, he knew Hamish would immediately call the police. “I’ll tell him I’ve fixed everything, and I’ll be in London later.”
“But that’s not true, laddie. Ye got no car, and ye got no money. And even if ye did, I’m not going to sit here, knowing what I’ve just seen. If I’m not mistaken, they’re fake passports. One of them has no photograph.”
Kevin looked at Roger, as if pleading for help. “I understand, sir, but I’m not a bad person, Mr. Guthrie. Believe me. I need to protect my mother.”
He took out his phone again, pressed numbers, went to the window, leaned on the sink, looked out, and took a deep, trembling breath. Then, “I fixed things, Mr. Khan.”
His voice was calm and clear—no tremor, no sobs, nothing to suggest he’d just been at the point of a nervous breakdown. Then came a few words that Roger thought were Punjabi mixed with English expressions that didn’t match Kevin’s normal way of speaking.
“Chinta coro na, Mr. Khan. No worries. Everything’s sorted. Things are back in play. I’ll be down your end in a few hours . . . Believe me, Mr. Khan. La taklak. Don’t worry.”
There was a short silence as he nervously brushed a hand through his hair. Then the panic started again.
“What? Where’s my ma? Why? Why, Mr. Khan? Why did you call her? You know she worries too much, Mr. Khan. I’ll be there. Chinta coro na. Please . . . please. Thank you, Mr. Khan . . . Yeh. Sure. This time tomorrow. Yeh. No bullshit, Mr. Khan. You know how she gets . . . Mr. Khan?”
Kevin lowered the phone but continued staring out the window. Hamish paced the kitchen floor. The two dogs, sensing a problem, watched.
“Kevin,” Roger said, “explain about your mother.”
“If I tell you, will you believe me?”
“I’ll try. We both will.”
Kevin sat down.
“My mother,” he said slowly. “My mum is English. She was born in Pakistan. Her father, my grandfather, was an oil worker in Pakistan. My grandmother was a nurse. My grandfather was killed in a gas explosion. My grandmother died later. I don’t know how.” He looked at Hamish who was shaking his head. “I’m sorry, Mr. Guthrie. It might take a while.”
Hamish raised his hand. It was only Kevin’s politeness that was stopping him from phoning the police.
“My mother worked with an aid agency on the border with Afghanistan when she met my father, a Pakistani. My mother became pregnant with me. She returned to England because my father said he had family there. I was born here. My father came to England when I was born and said I should be named Kareem Khan. My mother didn’t agree.”
Kevin took another deep trembling breath. “My father was a devout Moslem. My mother was Christian. My father wanted her to convert, to dress like a Pakistani, and to live in Islamabad. She refused. There were big problems.”
Roger interrupted, “How do you know all this, Kevin?”
“From my mother. She told me a few years ago when I was about fifteen. She was often very depressed and sometimes suicidal. She had many problems that I still don’t understand. I often missed school because I couldn’t leave her. I . . .” He paused. “I think . . . I think she was raped, but she never said.”
Hamish sat down next to Roger. The dogs sat at his feet.
“My father was with the Taliban in Afghanistan. He boasted to my mother that he knew Osama Bin Laden. Maybe it’s true. Maybe it’s not. When Bin Laden was killed, he began to link with ISIL, and my mother believes he’s now with a militant group somewhere. I don’t know, and I don’t even think my mother knows, but he often returns to England. Maybe once or twice a year. He has other family here—probably Mr. Khan—but nothing is clear. He uses different names, different passports. He just turns up. I think maybe I saw him once outside the mosque, but he didn’t speak. I don’t go to the mosque. I am not Moslem. I am not Christian. I am nothing. But whenever he is here, he threatens my mother. Even when he’s not here, she gets phone calls. She is stopped in the street by strangers with messages. He would arrive at the old house when I was at school. I would come home and find her crying. She has spoken to the police who have passed things on to the security people, and she was interviewed, but there is no evidence. They say it’s a domestic situation, so nothing is done, and the threats continue. He tells her if she says anything, I will suffer or just disappear.”
“Disappear?” Roger interrupted. “What do you mean?”
Kevin waved him away. “You see, my father is not known. Therefore, according to the police and social services, he doesn’t exist, and so she is not believed. I think people in the community know him, but they won’t talk. Mr. Khan definitely knows him. We know the security services keep a watch on the local community, but you see, my mother now suffers from . . . no one takes her seriously.” 
Kevin’s eyes watered, and he wiped his face with his arm. “My mother . . . she—”
What followed was a long and tortured tale of social services of self-harming, of hospital appointments, of running away and being unable to hold down a job.
“The last time she ran away was when I was fourteen, maybe I was fifteen, but she always came back the next day. The council then offered her a single-person flat, but I had to move out. That’s when I discovered that Mr. Khan or maybe my father owned the house on Shipley Street we’d lived in since I was born. Whoever owns it, Khan managed it like a landlord. He had threatened to evict us.”
Kevin talked for an hour.
“Why don’t you and your mother just leave and go to live somewhere else?”
“How? She has no money other than benefits. She’s genuinely frightened that they’d find us and kill her, or me. And now I find I’m living in another place that Khan owns. After my ma was given place by the council, I had to look for somewhere to live. Someone told me there was a cheap place above Faisal World Travel so I moved in. I didn’t know Khan owned that as well until he turned up and laughed. He said that if I did a few jobs for him, they’d leave my ma alone and the rent would stay low.”
“So, what has Mr. Khan threatened to do if you don’t turn up with his parcel in the next few hours?” Hamish asked. 
“I know what he’ll do. He’ll call on my mother and tell her that I have failed to honour my duty and to remind her about what happens when I fail.”
“And what will happen?”
“They tell my mother I will disappear.”
“That’s ridiculous,” Roger said. “No one can just disappear. Do you mean he’d kill you?”
“Maybe. They know I won’t leave my ma. But my best friend, Cass, he disappeared.”
“Disappeared?” Roger asked. “When?”
“Two years ago. Cass was my best mate. He went to Turkey and was given a box like that one.” He pointed towards the barn outside. “He was told to give it to Khan’s brother who’d meet him at the airport in Istanbul. I saw him off on the bus, but I’ve never seen him since. He just disappeared.”
Roger looked at Hamish. Hamish shrugged. 
“Neither has Cass’s mother seen him. When he didn’t come back, I went to see her. She told me she didn’t know where he was. She thinks he’s joined a radical Islamic group, and she doesn’t seem to care. That seems OK with her. But that’s ridiculous. I knew Cass better than his mum. Better than anyone. Cass was almost anti Moslem. He was like me—nothing. And I think Cass’s mum also has a problem with the Khans.” 
Kevin stopped. He looked at Roger and then at Hamish. 
“Is Cass Pakistani?” Roger asked.
“Cass’s mother and grandmother are, but Cass is as British as you are, Roger.”
“Where’s Cass’s father?”
Kevin shook his head. “He doesn’t know.”
“Is his father Pakistani?”
“I suppose so. Cass never talked about it. Why should he? He was born here, like me. His name is Qasim Siddiqui, but he preferred Cass. Everyone called him Cass. And he’d just got himself a British passport because he said he wanted to go traveling and see the world. That’s why he went to Turkey for ten days on a cheap ticket bought from Khan at Faisal World Travel. I often think of Cass. Where is he? What’s he doing? Is he OK? What happened?”
“And just before Cass went away, Khan gave him a parcel to take with him?” Roger checked. 
Kevin nodded. 
“Did Cass know about your own problems? Your father?”
Kevin shook his head. “We didn’t talk about families. He knew my mum was often sick, and that sometimes I didn’t go to school. It was like private, you know? We were mates. He knew I’d never known my father, but he didn’t know his either. We were similar. Cass came from a Pakistani family, but he thought I was English because I looked English and my mum was white. I think he thought my mum was just a single white mother.”
“He didn’t know your other name?”
Kevin shook his head. “We always used English names. He was Cass, and I was Kevin. I knew his real name was Qasim Siddiqui, and that’s what was in the British passport he showed me. But I didn’t tell him I also had a Pakistani name because I don’t like it. I suppose we were both mixed up, unsure where we belonged. 
“But people like Khan, or my father, have no intention of being English. Their hearts are three thousand miles away. It’s tragic. That’s what Cass always said about his grandmother. ‘She’s stuck, Kevs. Stuck in the old village, carrying buckets of water from the well and won’t come out.’ We laughed, of course, but it’s serious. A lot of them don’t change. It’s the same with a lot of those who live around Park Road—the Somalis, Afghans, Bangladeshis. It’s language, it’s culture. Perhaps the more educated ones integrate better, and the younger ones are changing slowly, but they still stick together like family except it’s never real family like mother, father, children. The old women are harmless enough stuck in the kitchen, but the men? I suppose things might change, but what about now? Look at my mother.”
Kevin paused. Roger and Hamish were silent, just listening.
“Cass’s grandmother used to tell him he was a bad boy. In Punjabi, of course, because she didn’t speak English and never left the house. Cass used to joke about it. ‘I’m a bad boy, Kevs. You know why? Because I mix with bad boys like you. You’re a bad influence.’ 
“We used to watch that old movie with Will Smith called Bad Boys. You know it? We watched it on the TV at the back of Bashir’s. Bash liked it too. We watched it so much we got bored until Bash got a copy of Bad Boys 2, then 3.
“Cass used to play Badnam Pakistani songs until he decided it was rubbish and definitely a bad influence, so he moved to Arab pop. Then he tried Nigerian music because Winston lent him old CDs. They’d share ear plugs and jig away in the corner at Bash’s place. Cass was just learning, checking things out because that’s what he wanted to do. Before he went to Turkey, he started listening to Turkish pop—someone called Ebru Gundes. He just wanted to experience new things. Cass wouldn’t hurt anyone, Roger, let alone carry a gun. 
“For God’s sake, Roger, living where I do, where he used to, we’re surrounded by Arabs, Pakistanis, Afghans, Iraqis, West Indians, Nigerians. I read somewhere that English is the common language, but over thirty other languages are spoken in and around Park Road. It’s a mess, Roger. People get suspicious and nervous because they don’t understand each other enough. The only old white English guy I know is Gordon, who runs Gordon’s Motors. My friend Walid, who’s from Syria, works there. There were some white kids in school, but none of them lived around Park Road.”

***

Kevin was rambling. Things were pouring out as if this was the first chance he’d had to talk like this since, perhaps, Cass had disappeared. And yet, amongst it all was an acceptance that this was the way things were. This was modern life. It was tough, but you had to accept it, make your way as best you could, and carry on regardless. He wasn’t actually blaming anyone in particular, but what he was saying was that, within every society, there are bad apples and that serious underlying issues were being overlooked. What he didn’t mention was why they were being overlooked. 
Roger and Hamish saw all this.
Perhaps they, too, realised that, at age eighteen, none of us quite understand the concept of political sensitivity, of not wanting to aggravate tensions out of fear of making things worse, of badges being attached that identify you as socially unacceptable. The concept of hypocrisy is something you only start to understand later on in life.
Roger, though, also saw something in Kevin’s passion that made him determined to help in some way because Kevin was now sweating.
Perhaps it was the heat from Hamish’s big log fire, but Roger found himself sitting, listening, nodding, and slowly understanding. Until then, Roger had only witnessed the hesitant, uncertain, doubtful Kevin, but in truth, he wasn’t at all like that. He was bright, intelligent, sensitive.

***

“I understood Cass,” Kevin went on more softly. “He wanted to get away. To check things out. To see a few new things. He was only going for ten days. It’s all he could afford on money he’d saved from odd jobs.” He paused. “Cass was my best friend, Roger, but he disappeared.” Then he wiped his face, took a deep breath, and choked on something. “Sorry,” he said.
What followed was an almost eery silence.
It was late afternoon. Winter’s early darkness had fallen, and just as the weather forecast had said, it was now raining. Slabs of wet snow slid from the roof and fell past the kitchen window. In the silence inside, Hamish poured himself another whisky, and Roger downed the last dregs of cold tea.
 “So what are we going to do, Kevin?” he asked.
Kevin looked at him and gave a wet sniff. “We?”
“We. Us. What do you think, Hamish?”
“Just so long as that parcel disappears, I’m not too bothered,” Hamish said. “I’m sorry to have got a bit miffed with ye’, Kevin.” He patted Kevin’s arm. “Shall we see if we can repack that parcel so it doesn’t look like it’s been opened?”
Roger stood. “Do you have a photocopier, Hamish?” Hamish nodded. “Can you copy the passports before we repack them? Then I’ll drive you home, Kevin. On the way, you can tell me some more. If we set off right now, we could be there sometime after midnight.”
“And when you’re gone, I’ll see what I can do about that broken-down old car of yours, Kevin,” Hamish added.

CHAPTER 9
“I handed that parcel to a man called Manjeet, Kev, because he said he was Khan’s brother.”
For two years, Cass had suffered a nightmare that invariably started with Kevin. He’d see Kevin’s face looking up at him, waving to him as the bus moved off. He’d see Kevin eating his lunch, a packet of Twiglets, behind the freezer in Bashir’s shop. He’d see him sitting, swinging his legs on the wall outside Osman’s Launderette on Brick Street, or he’d be creeping out the Silver Bullet gaming shop opposite Faisal World Travel.
“Gaming’s a waste of money, Kevs,” he’d say.
And Kevin would reply, “I wasn’t playing, Cass.”
“So what were you doing in there then?”
“Waiting. I got kicked out. Khan’s having a meeting with some of his mates.”
And then Cass would see Khan’s face, and the nightmare would begin because Kevin, the only friend Cass had, just wouldn’t believe his explanations.
“I’d have run away, Cass!” Kevin would say with all the innocence of someone who’d done nothing and gone nowhere since school.
“I couldn’t run, Kev. Don’t you understand? I was a prisoner. There was always someone there. I was forced to work.”
“You couldn’t force me to work. I’d have refused.”
“Kev, listen to me. Please listen. Please believe me.”
“What work, Cass?”
“I made birth certificates and passports for Syrians, Iraqis, and Afghans because they said they were refugees who had lost everything in the wars. I made copies of other things in English and Arabic.”
“That’s not so bad, Cass.”
“But they were fakes, Kev. They were forgeries.”
“I’d have gone to the police.”
Kevin’s naivety would incense Cass. In his sleep, he’d become angry, but it was an anger balanced by the feeling that Kevin was still the only friend he had. Kevin needed to be convinced. 
“Don’t you understand, Kev? I was locked up inside a house. I couldn’t escape. I couldn’t phone. I couldn’t send messages to anyone, not even you or my mother. Have you seen her recently, Kev?”
“Not for a long time, Cass.”
Sometimes he’d then wake up drenched in sweat. At other times, the nightmare would continue. “If I ask Manjeet about her, he says she’s proud of me for helping the cause.” 
And Kevin would ask, “What cause is that, Cass?” And that’s when Cass would force himself awake in case his captors heard him shouting his frustration. He’d sit up, cover his ears, and talk to himself.
“Do you not understand yet, Kev? Are you still as thick as when we were at school? This is ISIL, man. DAESH. Islamic State. Understand? Have you heard about them? I was part of Abu Bakr al-Baghdadi’s crowd of criminals and terrorists. They’re out to change the world, to do the work of Allah, to spread Islam, and to destroy the evil West. I was there to support their terrorism, Kev. Understand now, you dimwit?”
Sometimes, if he fell asleep once more, Kevin would speak to him in a calmer and more rational way, “I warned you about those Saturday-morning meetings you used to go to at the mosque, Cass. You were being brainwashed.” 
Sometimes he’d wake up sobbing in frustration at Kevin, but at other times, he’d find himself sobbing in gratitude because the familiar banter was just as it had always been when they were eleven or twelve.
“Don’t be such a girl, Cass. You’re behaving like a six-year-old kid. Is this for real, man? No kidding? Tell me some more but take your time.” 
“Take my time, Kev? Are you crazy? I have wasted two years already. Can we not live together in peace and mutual respect? Whatever your god, surely you should know that we share enough problems without causing more. I used to argue with Manjeet and the others, but arguing was pointless. Many times, I was beaten with a stick for refusing to pray.”
“So how did you cope?”
“I pretended, Kev. I did as I was told because I had no choice. I pretended to pray and to read the Koran and all the other things they forced me to do. I pretended I’d become a devout Moslem, Kev. For two whole years, I pretended.”
“You never really believed any of it, Cass, I remember, even when you were here.” 
“That’s it, Kev. No one ever discussed it except you and me when we hid behind the freezer at Bashir’s so I didn’t have to go to the mosque. Remember? To me it was indoctrination. It was as if there was no other way. I’ve never believed any of it, but I was brilliant at pretending.”
“Were you bored, Cass?”
“Bored out of my mind, Kev, but I just kept thinking about things, you know—life and death and what’s wrong with the world and how to change things. I felt like I wanted to walk around the world to explain my ideas and to open people’s eyes. I would sit on my bed making long but silent speeches to imaginary crowds.” 
“Like a monk, Cass?”
“That’s it, Kev. Like a monk.”
“Then what happened?”
“Things got worse. I was moved east to near the Syrian border. It was a poor village in an area called Şirnak. I was still a prisoner and still fixing photos in passports and other jobs, but one day, they told me I must travel to Syria to meet someone in a place called Al Hasakah to hand over a bag of passports.” 
Even when lying awake, Cass would tremble with the memory of those few weeks in Northern Syria.
“I hate guns, Kev. I hate fighting. I hate the noise of rockets and of all the destruction and pointless devastation of people’s homes and lives. I hate seeing the desperate faces of hungry children and frightened old people who have lost everything. I hate the sight of blood and the crying of the injured. I hate the crazy nonsense of war.”
“Go easy, Cass.”
And Cass would then start on a long description where only he was talking. Kevin was long gone. He would be talking to anyone—anyone who would listen. 
“It was the summer—hot and dry and dusty. ISIL suicide bombers had targeted a Syrian army compound, a military checkpoint near a children’s hospital, and a Kurdish YPG police station. Did you hear about it? Was it on the news? I think they now call it the Battle of Al-Hasakah. ISIL, Kurds, the Syrian Army, and even the USA were involved. This was big fighting, and I was there, Allah ysadni. I was there. I was right in the middle of it. 
“Two men picked me up in a truck from the old house in Şirnak. They arrived with the bag of passports and drove me to the Syrian border. I was passed from one man to the next—rough types, men with guns. I was still carrying the passports. We travelled in a truck, and I arrived in Al-Hasakah just as twenty Syrian soldiers were killed by ISIL. ISIL also attacked Syrian areas in the Abdel Aziz Mountains.
“This was serious fighting. I saw blood, body parts, dead men. I saw too much, but I was trapped with these crazy ISIL men and boys who thought I was one of them. 
“You see, I think that was the plan all along. That I’d work for them, making the passports and forging documents, and then I’d join ISIL fighters and die. That way, they could tell my mother to be proud, that I’d died a martyr. But I wasn’t proud. I felt ashamed. I felt disgraced. I was against everything that was happening, but what could I do except continue to pretend? 
“I was dressed like those fighters. I looked like them. I ran with them holding a gun I didn’t know how to use. I hid with them in ruined buildings. I pretended to be one of them with my ears hurting from the sound of gunfire as men and boys lay dying all around me.
“But not once did they realise that I wasn’t one of them by heart, and that I couldn’t even fire my gun. I just ran. I ran and shouted Allahu Akbar, and if they asked, I told them I was English and had arrived from Turkey to join them. They were chewing stuff and smoking. I tried. I had to, but mostly, I pretended, and all the time I was terrified. Yaa ilaahee. 
“I was with these boys at an electrical substation when the Syrians came in trucks, firing at where we were hiding. Gunshots were all around. Rubble and electrical cables were everywhere. Yaa ilaahee. Oh my god. Dust and concrete were in my eyes, and my ears were filled with noise. 
“I thought I was going to die. Three ISIL boys were shot alongside me. Right there. How I was not hit, I do not know. One was called Kamal. He was even younger than me. He was hit in the stomach. He was screaming, but not for Allah. He was screaming for his mother. His stomach, intestines, and everything were hanging out of a hole, and he was holding onto it with his hands covered in blood and was screaming so loud. Can you imagine that? Blood was everywhere, so I ran. I knew they had seen me and were shooting at me, but I just ran. I threw away the gun and hid behind trees and then ran again to an old house where I found two other boys—Talal from Iraq and Najib from Lebanon. We waited until dark and found an old truck. We managed to start it and made our way back towards Turkey. But I was still alive.”
The nightmare might stop there, but Cass’s memory wouldn’t. Covered in sweat, sobbing quietly like a baby but still half asleep, someone, he knew not who, would ask him what had happened to the bag of passports.
It was on the second day after he arrived in Al-Hasakah that he was driven into the mountains with instructions to hand the bag to a man who would be waiting for him. 
And there he was—a tall man, cleaner and more smartly dressed than the others—leaning on the open door of a white Toyota truck and smoking a cigarette. He threw the cigarette away, walked towards him with his hand outstretched, and took the bag. 
It was only afterwards, though, that Cass pieced together what happened in those few seconds. To Cass, he’d looked Pakistani but not a man fresh from the field of battle. 
“Qasim Siddiqui,” he said while grasping Cass’s hand. “Welcome to the front line.” 
And Cass remembered saying “Yes, sir” as the man patted his back, smiled, and nodded. In fact, everything about that short meeting was now fixed on Cass’s memory. He could remember the long nose and the intense black eyes from the shaved brown face and distinctly remembered his other words and how he’d spoken them. “Yes, I see. It is Qasim. A man. A grown man. A handsome man.” He’d then returned to the truck but looked back at Cass once more before the truck left in a cloud of grey dust. 
Cass would never forget that man. 

CHAPTER 10
Loneliness was an occupational hazard for a long-distance truck driver, but after thirty-five years, Roger was used to it. 
While driving, waiting around, or on statutory rest-ups, you would find things to occupy your mind. Roger would read books or listen to news, discussions, plays, and music on the radio. He’d listen to his collection of classical music, and sometimes he’d just drive, sitting there thinking but concentrating and watching the world pass by.
Roger was, by his very nature, a private and self-sufficient man, more than happy with his own company but just as comfortable in the company of others if their lives crossed. But the last twenty-four hours had affected him in an unusual way.
Forced by helplessness of his car breaking down and discovering what was in that parcel, Kevin had unwound from the cold, lost, and nervous teenager he’d found standing, waving him down in the middle of a snowy mountain road. Kevin had put his trust in Roger.
During the drive south from Scotland, they’d stopped at a service station near Carlisle, and feeling hungry, he asked Kevin if he’d like to share one of his ready-made fish pies.
Kevin had politely declined, but as Roger tucked into the pie, Kevin sat reading the Grapes of Wrath and was watching him. Why? Roger wondered. What was he thinking? Was Kevin trying to work him out, just as he’d been trying to understand Kevin?
Was it his appearance? Roger wondered. His way of talking? His habit of removing the woolly beanie to scratch his head every few minutes? Probably. Roger knew it was a habit. What little hair that remained was fine and grey, but it matched his eyebrows. He’d often remove his glasses to wipe them on the tail of his shirt that always hung outside his beige trousers. His trouser bottoms were always tucked into thick grey socks inside shiny black army boots.
It was probably a generational thing, but Kevin was watching the ways and habits of a man old enough to be his grandfather. Had Kevin ever talked at length, sensibly and constructively, man to man, or even been in the company of an older man in his life before? Somehow, from what he could tell, Roger doubted it.
He remembered talking to Kevin about his car.
“It’s not roadworthy,” he said. “And why follow instructions on where you’re going from a machine? It’s like a sheep following a farmer with a handful of straw. And who on God’s earth pays for a round trip of seven hundred miles to pick up a small parcel, young man? Come on. Tell Uncle Roger. Where did you start out from? I’m interested because we clearly share a common interest in transport. It might be the only interest, but it’s better than nothing.”
That was it. Roger decided. He’d been talking to Kevin like a father might talk to his teenage son, taking the mickey, pulling his leg, provoking a response. But all was done kindly enough to induce a nervous smile and a sense that no harm was meant and that there were no hidden threats.
And Kevin had responded. He’d explained where he lived. “What area of the city is that, Kevin? Sorry to ask, but you’ll find Uncle Roger’s a walking, talking atlas, far better than Google. Google’s only been in business a short while. Uncle Roger’s been around for sixty-five years.” Then he added, “Have you got a girlfriend, Kevin?”
“I did once.”
“What happened?”
“She dumped me.”
“Oh, dear me. What a shame. Maybe she’d have offered some good advice on the future of the transport industry.”
“I doubt it. She worked in KFC on Midland Road”
“Be thankful for being dumped then Kevin.”
It was a simple man-to-man dialogue that both of them knew was perfectly harmless.
As he scraped the remains of his fish pie, he looked at Kevin, but Kevin looked away. Roger smiled to himself, started the engine, and moved off again, back onto the motorway.
“So,” he said after five minutes, “when we arrive, I’ll drop you at the end of Park Road with your freshly rewrapped parcel. What you do then is your decision. You can either blow a whistle into Khan’s ear to wake him up in order to take delivery of his precious package or leave it until the morning. What do you think?”
Kevin put the book down and sighed. “I was hoping you might stick around for a while, Roger. Maybe—”
“Maybe what, Kevin? What can I do? You’re lucky Hamish decided to do nothing, or you might be languishing in a Scottish prison awaiting trial by now.”
“I know. I’m very grateful.”
“So what now? Everything returns to normal? Status quo? More halal butchery and selling more Bangladeshi pickled gourami fish and more deliveries for Mr. Khan? And who’s going to pay for your car to be fixed? Might that Mr. Khan feel you deserve some decent expenses and reimbursement of costs.”
Roger desperately hoped Kevin would not say he didn’t know.
“Can you stick around, Roger? You know. For just a few days?”
It was Roger’s turn to sigh. “If Hamish fixes your car,” he said, “you’ll need to pay him. It’s the way things work, Kevin. How’ll you do that? If Khan’s as much of a bastard as you claim, how’ll you do that?”
Kevin didn’t answer but stared out of the side window, so Roger continued, “Let’s ignore whatever Khan’s up to for a moment, shall we? How does he normally pay you for deliveries?”
“If it’s not too far, he pays bus fare and maybe ten quid.”
“Bus fare?” Roger yelled across the short gap that separated them. “What sort of courier are you, Kevin? And what sort of guy treats people like that? I know. Don’t tell me. A sodding great bastard.”
Kevin shrugged.
“And who else do you deliver to? And where? Do you ever go to Pakistan with a bag of fake passports for sale on the streets of Karachi?” Roger’s humour was lost. 
“I sometimes go to Birmingham or Swindon, but it’s mostly local,” Kevin said.
“Anyone in particular?”
“Usually, only as far as Lansdowne Road.”
“Lansdowne Road? Is that near the old Mill Lane Industrial Estate? The home of yet another Khan?”
“No, this man’s old.”
“Are there no old Khans, Kevin? Don’t Khans grow old like normal people? Is he black, brown, white, or yellow?”
“White and grey. His name’s Mr. Greg.”
“Is Mr. Greg English?”
“I don’t know.”
Roger looked across at Kevin. “Is there much drug dealing in your area these days, Kevin?”
“Sure. Like everywhere, I suppose.”
“You do drugs?”
“I can’t afford it.”
“I thought people stole if they couldn’t afford it.”
“I’m not that desperate, OK?”
“I’m pleased to hear it. Does Mr. Greg do drugs?”
“He doesn’t look the sort.”
“And what does a drug dealer look like?”
“Young. Sometimes very young.”
“So we’re dismissing Greg as a drug dealer because he’s far too old. So what does Greg do? What’s his connection to bastard Khan?”
“Search me.”
“He searches you?”
“I deliver packages, OK? Then I go away. I don’t ask. Not my business.” 
“Do you never ever ask questions, Kevin?” 
“Sometimes.”
“Is Greg a partner in Khan’s fake tourism business?”
“I don’t know.”
“Is Mr. Khan a pillar of the local Moslem community?”
“What pillar?” Kevin snapped. He was now getting annoyed. 
Good, thought Roger. There was nothing like deliberate provocation. “I mean, does he command great respect amongst the locals?”
Another short pause. Kevin was thinking about that one. “Not by me. I think some are nervous of him.” 
“Well, we know he intimidates you and your mother, don’t we? Doesn’t Park Road have a community leader who keeps an eye on things? Makes sure things tick along nicely and everyone gets along hunky dory?”
“There’s a councillor, Mohammed Basra. Is that who you mean?”
“How do I know, Kevin? I don’t live there. Is he a city councillor? Elected?”
“Maybe. I don’t know.”
“Does Mr. Khan know Councillor Basra?”
“Yes. He’s often there. With others.”
“Where is there? Be precise. He’s often where?”
“At the shop. At Faisal World Travel.”
“And you live above the shop.”
“Yeh.”
“But you’re never invited to the party.”
“I’m told to leave when they hold meetings.”
“That’s not very friendly. Where do you go?”
“KFC or the Silver Bullet.”
“And your opinion of Mr. Khan is still that he’s an effing bastard, am I right? You’ve not changed your mind in the last few hours?”
“He’s exactly how you just described him—a sodding great bastard.” 
“Mind your language, Kevin. But I’m so pleased to have that reconfirmed because I hate bastards. It helps me make decisions. In that case, I’ll leave Madge in a truck park somewhere and stick around for a couple of days. How’s that, Kevin?”
Kevin turned, smiled, and nodded. “Thanks, Roger.”

CHAPTER 11
Having been given the day off, Walid was bored, so knowing Gordon often worked late, he walked down to the garage and found him bending over a Ford Fiesta with a torch fixed to his head like a miner. He tapped him on the shoulder. “Gord?”
Gordon jumped, hitting his head on the bonnet. “Bloody hell, Wally. Don’t do that. Frightened the living daylights. Thought I’d just shorted the battery.”
“Sorry, Gord.”
Gordon straightened up, arching his back. “Well? What is it? Don’t just stand there.”
“Can we talk?”
“Give me five minutes. Hand me that wrench.”
It took Gordon ten minutes. Walid helped by holding spanners and wrenches. “Right. See if she starts, Wally.”
The old car started. Gordon slammed the bonnet down and wiped his hands on his overalls. “Right then. What is it? Found the passport? Did Khan call around, give it back, and go down on his hands and knees to apologise?”
“I just needed a chat, Gord.”
“Fire away.”
“What’s Khan up to, Gord?”
“Mr. Jaffar Khan?” Gordon asked, squeezing green Swarfega gel onto his hands. “Self-styled mayor of Park Road and owner of everything within walking distance of a travel agency that’s never done enough business to survive by any normal practice? Just about the only place he doesn’t own is this old blacksmith’s shop. Why do you want to know?”
“How did he get me a passport, Gord?”
“Khan’s got connections and influence, Wally. We can’t talk about it, of course, and we can’t suggest things go on around here that shouldn’t happen in civilised society. It’s not politically correct, you see. We just got to turn a blind eye and carry on. It’s our wonderful democracy, Wally. We are granted every right to behave like the three monkeys: hear no evil, see no evil, speak no evil. Welcome to the free west, Wally.”
“I reckon it was a forgery.”
Gordon didn’t seem surprised. He merely raised a tufted eyebrow. “Ooh! Go careful. What makes you say that, Wally?”
“Just too quick, Gord. He said he had connections in immigration, but I don’t believe it.”
Gordon wiped his neck with an oily rag. “Tell me, Wally. Why did you trust Khan with five hundred pounds? Why didn’t you come to me and say, ‘Please, Gordon, but I’ve got a little problem, and I’m only a poor boy from Syria alone in this big world. I don’t know what to do.’” 
“I dunno.”
Gordon tossed the rag onto the roof of the Ford Fiesta. “First lesson in life, Wally. Always trust a man who’s already shown his trust in you.”
Walid nodded, as if that sounded like a good advice. “Who’s that then, Gord?”
Gordon’s voice echoed through the workshop. “Me for Christ’s sake, Wally. Me. Who the hell do you think I mean?”
“Yeh, I see. Sorry, Gord.”
“Sorry? Sorry? Open your eyes, Wally. If I didn’t trust you, you’d have been kicked out of that bloody door with the imprint of my boot across your backside weeks ago. Now, because of your stupidity, look what a mess we’ve got. I’m employing what appears to be an illegal immigrant. You know what that means?”
Walid shook his head as Gordon prodded his chest with a greasy fingernail. “It means you get carried off at the back of a white van with bars across the windows,” he said. “And I get a 20,000 pounds fine and a five-year prison sentence. Got it, young man?”
“Yeh, I see.”
“Yeh. Yeh. So what are you going to do about it?”
Walid sniffed and stared at the oily black floor.
“You don’t know, huh? Mind’s as blank as an unused sheet of shit-house paper is it? Well, I’ll tell you what I’m going to do. I’m going to call one of the officers who was here this morning and tell him a true story without mentioning any names. I’m going to be as upfront and honest as I can and ask for his advice. What do you think about that?”
“It’s a good idea, Gord.”
The roof of the workshop rattled once more. 
“Good idea, Wally? It’s the only one there is. And you know why I’m going to do that instead of kicking your ass so hard you’ll disappear over the rooftops and land in the river? Do you know why?”
Walid shook his head.
“It’s because I like you, Wally. Got it? Now shove off home and have a shave or those three hairs on your chin will be so long they’ll get tangled up in a fan belt, and we’ll then have the health and safety inspectors here as well.”
Walid smiled, thanked Gordon, and wandered outside. But he was still bored. Wondering what to do, he called in, as he often did, on Winston because Winston’s bed sitter, three houses down on Shipley Street, was bigger and less claustrophobic than his. The only problem with Winston’s place was the odd smell. It was always at its strongest on the first-floor landing. It was very strong that night.
“It’s the Egyptians upstairs,” Winston said casually as he opened the door. “They deep-fry pigeons and seagulls they catch in a trap on the roof.”
“What does seagull taste like?” Walid asked.
“No idea, man. But two days ago, they were eating something that smelled even worse, and there was a bag of black fur and a long tail in the trash bin this morning. It’s bushmeat, Walid. Pigeons, seagulls, and stray cats are vermin. They’re doing the council’s job for them.” 

CHAPTER 12
I need to tell you more about Winston because he was our main link with Willie Wilkins, and Willie has always been a vital part of our team. 
Winston looks a bit like me although he’s done his hair into some freaky style that means it’s longer on top than at the sides, and the tips are tinged with orange. He also wears giant black trainers that look like he’s gone AWOL from the marines. I know where he bought them though. Walid told me he’d seen them at the Sunday car boot sale on Station Road priced at three quid. 
I could never wear second-hand shoes, could you? They could be infected with athlete’s foot or bunions.
I’d have offered Winston some tips on hygiene if I was still living around Park Road. Walid wouldn’t have said anything to him because he’s too polite and in case things rebounded on him. After all, Walid’s own personal hygiene is limited by the fact that he doesn’t have proper washing facilities and the plumbing is a disaster. But I digress. 
Like me, Winston is what is known these days as of African origin. If this was America, we’d both be known as Afro-Americans, which always seems to me a poor way to encourage integration and tolerance of cultures. I’m not an Afro-English or an Afro-German or an Afro-Afro. Winston and I discussed this once, and we also agreed that we never wanted to be called a man of colour either. 
“We’re both fucking black,” Winston once told me in a rare moment of anger. “I don’t know about you, but I’m proud of it. And I don’t know anyone whose colour doesn’t lie in that narrow band that goes from snow white to black through shades of brown. Do you?”
I agreed. “The only green men are Martians,” I said. “The only orange one I knew was Donald Trump, and the only blue one was Steve Collins when we pulled him out through the ice on the duck pond that day in January. Not only was he blue but his teeth were rattling together like castanets.”
We laughed at that and high-fived, “Yeh,” Winston said. “After his failed attempt at skating, we used to call him Blue.”
“Then there was Karen Smith with the short skirt who used to turn bright red if we said we could see her white panties and looked like she was in need of a good service. Remember?”
“And we could never say the word Willie to her in case she had an orgasm.”
We laughed and laughed at that. “Karen and Steve—the only two kids with genuine colours of the rainbow,” I said. “Genuine people of colour.”
“Chameleons,” Winston added to even greater hilarity.
I think what had triggered that discussion on colour and race was that Winston had talked to Willy about it. I think something had upset Winston, but he never told me what it was. He can be quite sensitive at times, although he disguises it well. Winston once talked about African genes being unique features we should be proud of, and I think that proves my theory about Willy’s influence. Willy would often say he was colour blind except when it came to red cross-outs in homework and gold stars for achievement.
We then moved seamlessly on to superstitions. “I reckon a superstitious nature is a sign of a colourful imagination,” I said. 
“Definitely,” Winston greed. “Remember that time in the church when we poked sticks into cracks in the gravestones and hollered obscenities through the holes just to irk the resident lying down below? That was being imaginative.”
Of course, I remembered. I could also remember Winston telling me that once, when he was nine and went to the graveyard alone, he shouted, “Wake up, you lazy bastard. Go and cut the grass!” through a hole in a grave of someone called William Cedric Cuthbertson, a landscape gardener who’d died in 1836. Lo and behold, five minutes later, he heard the sound of a lawn mower coming from behind the church. Winston fled. 
But despite his footwear and haircut, Winston’s another clever guy who doesn’t know his father. Once Winston hit sixteen, his mother decided she’d done enough and shacked up with one of my mother’s old lodgers, a Rasta guy known locally as Spiderman. 
Winston found a room in a house on Shipley Street in which the Somali’s downstairs had a smart TV and 24-hour internet, so Winston decided it was time to get serious with his business of selling Nigerian football tee shirts and coffee mugs printed with obscene messages on eBay. The bushmeat Egyptians had then moved in, but Winston couldn’t leave because of his dependence on the free Wi-Fi.
Winston and I still chat on the phone about once a week about this and that, and he’ll always say he’s too busy to talk, but he’ll still go on for another hour before he says it’s time to go to work. Winston has another job—slicing bread and loading the delivery vans for Hill’s Bakery on the Park industrial estate. “It’s only until the internet business turns a decent profit,” he tells me. 
It was Willie Wilkins who gave Winston the idea for his business, and Willie still helps him do his accounts. I once asked Winston why he needed an accountant, and he told me he didn’t, but Willie always brought along a bottle or two of his home-made beer and made him laugh. Willie was coming up to retiring age just like Roger and Gordon, so I don’t think he cared anymore, but Willie was Winston’s influence. 
Whenever I speak to Winston, it’s Willie this and Willie that. 
Willie, don’t forget, is an old white guy, a math teacher at Woodlands, with long grey hair, a button-down check shirt and corduroy trousers. On the other hand, Winston’s a black guy, the same age as me with no father, but he has a talent for fixing computers and smartphones. 
Ever since school, Willie and Winston have been like best mates who backslap and high-five, as if Willie is fifteen. Winston told me that Willie had once brought along a Cruiser skateboard and asked Winston to teach him how to skate down Park Road, hopping on and off the kerb to avoid pedestrians and the buses. I think Willie was joking, but Winston took him seriously. “You know his latest mathematician joke, Kurt?” Winston asked me recently. 
“Tell me,” I said. “I can’t wait.”
“Willie’s friend asked him to help him round up his 37 sheep, so Willie said 40.”
I laughed out of politeness.
Six months ago, Winston told me that Willie had started calling by every other Saturday to give him an hour’s free tuition on computer hacking. The visits, Winston said, coincided with Willie having his haircut on Midland Road. 
The hacking lessons didn’t surprise, but the haircut did. “He actually cuts his hair these days?” I asked.
“No,” Winston said. “It still hangs over his ears, but he likes to keep it just above his shoulders in case he’s sacked for non-compliance with the teacher’s dress code.”
That was Willie. He’d always liked our hybrid gang that consisted of Cass, Kevin, Winston, and me. He called us bad boys, but it was only another of his jokes. Winston was our main link with Willie, and Willie was to become a vital part in our team. But you see how some teachers can become heroes and a lifetime influence, and others can destroy your desire for knowledge and ruin forever your chances of making the most of your natural talents. 
And you know something? I’ve checked around, but not one of the hero teachers is a woman. Why’s that? 

CHAPTER 13
Cass had waited two long years for a chance to escape. 
After two years as a virtual prisoner in Istanbul and Şirnak and then in the war zone of Northern Syria, he’d made his way not to freedom but back over the border into Turkey. 
“After the Battle of Al-Hasakah, I found myself with two other boys who’d survived,” he’d say to himself, as if Kevin or someone was sitting right next to him. “There was Talal from Iraq and Najib from Lebanon. We were in a battered Toyota truck, and I was driving when I realised we had crossed the border and were back in Turkey. 
“It was a terrible time, Kevs. The truck was a wreck, and all I could do was follow tyre tacks in the dust. Behind us, back towards the mountains, all we could see was black smoke. Najib was lying at the back seat, crying in pain with my keffiyeh wrapped around his bleeding leg. Talal’s arm was hanging, useless, with another blood-soaked cloth wrapped around his elbow. And then the truck stopped. The fuel had run out, so what could I do but leave them behind to try to find fuel or help. I walked. There was a small village. It was a poor village with goats, and I tried to ask for help in English. An old man told me to wait, so I waited in the shade. I waited until it was dark, but no help came, so I decided to walk back to the truck. When I got there, it was gone, but another one was waiting with three men sitting inside. One of them was a man called Makul, who I knew from the old house in Şirnak. I was back where I’d started.
“Can you imagine the feeling, Kevs? My spirit was broken. I wondered then if I’d ever go home. But never give up, Kevs. It’s perseverance. It’s patience. It’s determination. In my heart, I knew I would never be like them, but you know what I did? I told Makul how glad I was to see him. How hypocritical is that? But it shows how important hypocrisy and lying is to saving your own life.
“These are lessons you never learn in school, Kevs. Perhaps, one day, I will stand before Mr. Khan and point at his face and say, ‘Look at me now, you bastard. Look at what I’ve become. All I ever wanted was a chance to experience new things. You put me through hell, but I’m still here, and I’m a better person. I understand things now.’ And then, because of my lies and hypocrisy, my luck changed.” 

***

Cass’s bed inside the old desolate stone building near Şirnak was a thin and dirty straw mattress on a rough wooden platform. Escape was the only thing he dreamed of, but escaping and then finding a way to return home was far easier to dream about than to achieve. 
Talal and Najib were also there, recovering from their wounds, and at mealtimes, they would meet and talk outside the front door. But it was a wreck of a building and was guarded, as if it was a military place.

***

One night, he was lying awake, staring into the total darkness, when he saw a torchlight outside. The door was unbolted, and he heard voices—one of them was Makul’s. It had happened before. They often talked in Arabic or Punjabi but too far away to be heard properly. 
Suddenly, the voices stopped, the door to his room was pushed open, and the single light bulb that hung from the ceiling came on. Cass sat up as Makul and another man he knew as Manjeet appeared in the doorway.
A small backpack was then thrown towards him. “We are leaving,” he was told. “Put what you need in this bag”.
With no idea where they were going or for how long, Cass pulled on his clothes, old jeans, socks, trainers, and tee shirt and stuffed everything else he had—a pair of shorts, tee shirt, and underpants—into the bag.
Makul took the bag, checked what he’d put inside, and then, without any explanation, led him outside and bundled him into Manjeet’s old Toyota.
They drove all night, stopping only to refuel. By early afternoon the next day, they were on the outskirts of the capital Ankara, but still nothing had been said until they arrived outside the airport. Makul had been driving when they pulled into a car park. “We are early. We must wait.”
Another silent hour past as Cass looked out of the car window at this amazing change of scenery—cars, buses, people, taxi cabs, aircraft taking off and landing, and the long sleek airport terminal building. But still there was no explanation of what was happening until Manjeet suddenly checked his watch, leaned over the front seat, and grinned at him. 
“Qasim, my friend. You have earned the right for another special task. Insha’allah. You will fly to Kota Bahru in Malaysia.” 
Cass sat up. What was this? Malaysia? Why?
“You will be met by friends,” Manjeet went on, and then from somewhere at his feet, he produced a maroon-coloured Turkish passport with a crescent moon and star on the cover. He held it up. “You see? You are now a Turkish student called Cemil Demir. If asked, you will say you are a student on holiday—how you say?—a backpacker.” 
He paused, eyeing Cass, as if tempting him to argue, but Cass said nothing. 
“Get out.”
For the first time in eighteen hours, Cass got out of the car. He was tempted to run but stood his ground. They led him inside to the check-in, with Manjeet holding the passport and Makul carrying the backpack. They stopped. Manjeet handed him the passport, and Makul opened the backpack. From inside, Manjeet then withdrew a brown package and a few US dollars tied with elastic. He held it all up. “Do not let anyone find this package until you have handed it over. If you are caught, then it is, what shall I say, your problem.”
Cass nodded, but questions and possible answers were running through his mind. He spoke for the first time. “Will someone meet me?”
Manjeet nodded and gave a toothy grin. “Ah. You are very honoured, Qasim.” 
“Who will meet me?”
“Ah,” Manjeet said again, as if he was almost too afraid to say the man’s name. “It is Commander Kett.”
Cass’s dull and uninterested expression did not change, but his mind was racing. Sometimes, during the last two years, as he’d listened and watched, he would hear whispers about someone called the commander. Sometimes he’d hear the name Kett, sometimes Rayeeson, and sometimes Kaheedon. But, right now, Cass only nodded, as if it meant nothing. 
Cass knew it was all the same man. Kett was the commander. Kett was Rayeeson and Kaheedon. And Cass—by being patient, by watching, by listening, and by piecing together other snippets of conversations he’d heard in Syria—had a possible explanation for this trip to Kota Bahru in the far north east of Malaysia. 
With ISIL and other terrorist-led groups struggling to re-assert themselves, Kett, unwilling to be linked with failure, had moved on. It had been rumoured in Turkey that efforts and resources were now being put into West Africa and Southeast Asia. 
In West Africa, trouble had brewed for years in the sub-Saharan region. Al Qaida and its network of Mali-based affiliates were the dominant force, but there were others like Jamaat Nusrat al-Islam wal Muslimeen who aspired to establish Islamic law in the area.
In Asia, there was a separatist movement in Southern Thailand and networks in Malaysia and the Philippines and in the world’s largest Moslem community in Indonesia. With his fluent English and other skills, Cass suspected he was to join one of these groups. 
Kett, though, was unlikely to be the one to meet and greet at an airport, but he said nothing of this. 
It was Manjeet, though, who ended with a warning. “We are well organised in Malaysia, Qasim Siddiqui. Allah yusallmak. May Mohammed, peace be upon him, go with you. Someone will be watching and waiting.” 
It was late evening when Cass arrived in Kota Bahru. He passed through Malaysian Immigration with no questions asked and deliberately took his time in the baggage hall. From there, he spotted someone waiting by the exit, and so he turned back towards check-in. And there, he stayed all night, lying across two seats with his head on the backpack like the two other dishevelled backpackers in the other corner. Around dawn, one of them with long sun-bleached hair wearing shorts and walking boots sauntered across and tapped his shoulder. “How’re you doing, mate?”
Cass sat up. “OK,” he said.
“Where’re you heading, mate?”
Earlier, Cass had seen a tourist map on the wall and knew the Thai border was close by. “Thailand,” he said.
“You flying or hitching?”
It had been two years since Cass had heard English spoken in anything but an Arab or Turkish accent, and he struggled to place the accent. Was it Australian, New Zealand, South African? “I’m not sure,” he said.
“Christ, man. You need to make your mind up. They won’t like you dossing here all day. Where’re you from, mate?”
Cass was in two minds. “Turkey,” he said.
The blonde one perched on the seat next to him. “Nice,” he said. Perhaps it was Cass’s beard, dirty jeans, and old sneakers that prompted the next question. “Been travelling long?”
“Two years,” Cass said, thinking it was a long time but accurate enough. Perhaps it, too, was impressive to another traveller.
“Christ man. That’s some fucking hike.” A toothy smile broke in the sun-burned face. He laughed. “Still got some money left?”
“A little.”
“Fancy a Coke? There’s a machine.” He nodded to a vending machine close by.
“Thanks,” Cass said and spent the next twenty minutes or so drinking Coca-Cola and chatting to Steve from Perth whose mate, still asleep in the corner, was Hans from Holland. 
“Need a map of Thailand, Cemil? We’ve finished with it.”
Cass got a free map. 
Steve then took out a phone, checked the screen, shrugged, and put his phone back in his pocket. Cass saw an opportunity. “My phone was stolen,” he said. 
“Christ. How the hell do you manage?”
Cass shrugged. “I need to sort something.”
Steve retrieved the phone. “Here,” he said. “On the house. One free call to anywhere. I’ll leave you to it.” And he walked away to wake up Hans.

CHAPTER 14
I read a comic book once when I was about ten.
Some old geezer with a beard was saying his ears were burning. The accompanying cartoon showed flames pouring from his ears. Then his beard caught fire. If it was supposed to trigger laughter, then it failed with me because I was trying to work out where the expression might have come from. 
I know what it means. It means someone, somewhere in the world is talking about you. But if you’ve also been talking about them, then it’s called a coincidence, and there is much controversy about coincidences. I think coincidences can be encouraged just by doing more, and if two people think or talk about one another often enough, then surely there comes a time when they do so at exactly the same time. 
That is not then a coincidence but a logical outcome. But why am I saying this?
 
***

It was past midnight when Kevin’s phone rang. It had been raining steadily since they left Scotland, but despite the road spray and poor visibility, Roger had talked for most of the way. He stopped talking when he heard the phone. 
Kevin, worried that it might be Khan even at that hour, struggled to remove the phone from his back pocket, and by the time he put it to his ear, it had stopped. 
“Friend Khan checking up on you in the middle of the night?” Roger asked.
“There was no number showing,” Kevin replied, so Roger continued from where he’d left off.
“So six passports,” he said. “Three British, one German, one Greek, and one Pakistani. Do we assume they’re stolen? Read out the names again.”
Kevin picked up each of the coloured photocopies Hamish had made. “Thomas Caplan, British. Age thirty-one,” he read. “White face, dark tee shirt, dark curly hair, staring like he’s seen a ghost. Looks mixed-race African. Next, Jaffar Ghafoor, British. Age nineteen. Probably Pakistani or Afghan. Then, Jacob Adebayo, British. Age twenty-two. Looks more like a West African.”
Roger interrupted him. “Impressive. Living where you do, I suppose it’s easy to put nationalities to faces.”
“Isn’t that racist?”
“No idea. But why no passports for old men or women. Don’t they deserve a nice fake passport? What about the Greek?”
“Giannis Andreopoulos. Age twenty-five. It’s the one with no photo.”
“The Pakistani?”
“Khayal Zaman Sharif. Age twenty-two. Looks fifteen. Definitely looks Pakistani.”
“The German?”
“Mohammed Muller. Age twenty-one. Might be Turkish.”
“So what do you reckon, Kevin? Stolen or forged. Of course, the only way to find out would be to check with the passport office, but then they’d want to know who we are and what business it is of ours. And I don’t suppose you’d want to be linked with asking too many questions right now.”
Roger’s eyes were on the motorway ahead, but he glanced quickly at Kevin. “Do you think the other packages you collect and deliver for Khan, like the ones for Mr. Greg, are also passports?”
“Maybe. They’re a similar size.”
“The interesting question, of course, is what Khan does with them next.”
Kevin didn’t reply because his phone rang again. This time, he was quicker to answer it. “Hello?” 
There was a delay, an echoing crackle, and then a voice.
“Kevs?” 
Kevin took the phone from his ear to double-check the screen.
“Kevs? Can you hear me, man? Is that you?”
Kevin stared at the phone and then at Roger. He couldn’t see Roger’s eyes, just the reflection on his glasses. “It’s Cass,” he said.
Roger turned his head. “Cass? Right now? What a . . . then answer it, man. Don’t just sit there with your mouth open.”
Kevin took one more look at the screen and found his tongue. “Cass? Jesus, man.”
“Yeh, Kevs. It’s me, not Jesus. Sorry, man. I got a bit delayed. Say something, Kevs. I’ve been wanting to call you for ages.”
“Yes. It’s me.”
“Is that it, Kevs? Don’t tell me you’ve forgotten me.”
Kevin found his voice. But first, he cleared his throat. “Yes,” he said. “Two years. Where the hell have you been? Where are you?” 
Roger was overtaking another huge truck and spray beat on the windscreen. He risked a quick sideways look at Kevin but could only see the whites of Kevin’s wide eyes.
“Sorry, Kevs. Long story, man. I tried you earlier. I got so much to tell you. Big trouble started straight after I arrived in Istanbul. But now . . .” There was an echo, and Kevin missed the next few words. 
“Cass, listen. I was talking about you today. Can you hear me? Cass?” Kevin realised they were talking over one another, so he stopped.
“Listen I need to talk to you a lot, Kevs. Things are—”
“Give me your number. Where the hell are you, man?”
“Malaysia.”
“Malaysia? What’re you doing there?”
“Long story, Kevs, How’s my ma?”
“I don’t know, Cass. I think she’s moved away.”
“Away? Where?”
“I don’t know. Give me your number. Can I call you back?”
“This isn’t my phone. Someone lent it to me to make a call,” Cass said. “I just wanted to talk to someone. I’ll call again when I can. OK? I just don’t have much money. But I’m free, Kevs. I’m free, but I’m still scared that someone’s following me. But, Kevs, don’t tell anyone, OK? Especially don’t tell Mr. Khan.”
The phone went dead, and Kevin stared at Roger. Roger’s head had been pivoting—one second on the road ahead, the next on Kevin. “Cass?” he said again.
Kevon smiled. “After two years, he’s phoned me,” he said. “He’s in Malaysia.”
“Good Lord. Telepathy? Coincidence? Do you possess magical powers as well as long eyelashes, Kevin?”

CHAPTER 15
Cass had studied the map he’d been given.
It was obvious where he should go. As the first flight of the day landed, he left the airport amongst a crowd of the arrivals and headed north to the border with Thailand. 
At around midday, he stopped, took out the package he was supposed to hand over, and checked the contents. It was, just as he suspected, passports: two Thai, two Malaysian, and three Indonesian. 
He checked the back page of each. And there it was—his mark. A tiny dot made with the point of a fine black pen in the bottom left-hand corner right up against the stitching. A year ago, he’d fixed photos and stamps in each of those passports. He repacked the passports into the envelope, put a stone inside, threw the envelope into a ditch, and watched it slowly sink under the weight of the stone.

***

At night, he slept under a plastic sheet by the riverbank, and the next morning, he bought a ticket for the first of the day’s river crossings from Pengkalan on the Malaysian side to the small Moslem-dominated town of Ban Ta Ba on the Thai side.
It was, though, as he leaned on the ferry boat’s railing next to a row of motorcycles that he sensed something was wrong. An old man chewing on something sidled up to him and spat whatever it was into the swirling brown river water below. “Farang? Moslem?” 
Cass nodded, muttered “Assalam alekum,” and moved away, but the old man with the leathery brown unshaven face and dirty prayer cap still watched him. He’d disappeared when the boat docked on the Thai side, but it still worried Cass as he approached the Thai immigration office and filled out an arrivals card.
“Mr. Cemil Demir?”
“Yes, sir.”
“From Turkey.”
Qasim Siddiqui, known as Cass at school six thousand miles away and a hundred years ago, now looking like a poor student backpacker who’d not shaved for weeks, picked nervously at the greasy strands of his beard. “Yes, sir.”
“Holiday?”
Cass sniffed and fidgeted as the immigration officer, just a shape and a glint of spectacles behind the glass, looked at him, as if he didn’t believe a word. A waft of cool airconditioned air floated from beneath the glass partition, so Cass breathed it in to refresh himself. “Yes, sir.” 
“You have money?”
Cass was so tired. After two years, he was used to looking like someone in need of a wash and shave, but pride in personal hygiene ran deep. His jeans smelled of Turkish and Syrian dust, his blue tee shirt had dark stains at the armpits and down his chest, and his trainers were the ones he’d worn in Syria when he thought they might be the last shoes he’d ever wear. 
“I asked if you have money.”
“Yes, sir. Thank you, sir.” 
Yes, Cass had some money. He had thirty US dollars in the back pocket of his jeans and a few Malaysian ringgits stuffed between the pages of his map of Thailand and Malaysia. Nineteen years old and everything he owned was on his person. He heard a rubber stamp, and his false Turkish passport was returned through the window. He picked it up and looked at the crescent moon and star on the cover. 
He had seen so many different passports in the last two years except his own British one. He knew he had made the one now lying in his hand because it bore his tiny signature, the dot on the final page, and there was a good chance he’d be arrested for carrying it before they got around to any terrorism charges. But, so far, so good. He checked the twenty-eight-day tourist visa inside and started walking again.
Perhaps it was his two years of virtual imprisonment, but despite the tiredness and stress, he’d found the few hours he’d spent in that small north east corner of Malaysia fascinating. Sights and smells were what had made him want to go to Turkey. Perhaps, he thought, he might one day return to watch people going about their innocent daily lives, talking, smiling, working, and shopping without having to hide and creep around like a fugitive. He’d passed a restaurant selling fish head soup, another one selling nasi goreng, and it had been almost too tormenting. But Cass needed his money, so he’d made do with a bag of crispy deep-fried fish and a bottle of water. 
Now he was in Tak Bai, on the Thai side of the border.
Tak Bai was only a short walk north. It had been made famous by a violent demonstration in 2004 that had seen protestors shot and then stuffed one on top of another in a truck and driven to an army camp five hours away. On arrival, seventy-eight had died of suffocation and organ collapse. Religious intolerance and violence had dominated Cass’s life for two years, but perhaps, fortunately, he knew none of this piece of local history. All he knew was that the far south of Thailand had a history of troubles, of Moslem and Buddhist clashes, and that security was high. If he was to walk, then he’d need to keep an eye open for roadblocks and work around them.
After Tak Bai, his map showed Narathiwat—a day’s walk away. Could he make it in this temperature and humidity? He had no choice. He bought water at the roadside, took side roads that ran parallel to the main highway, and tried keeping the sea in sight on his right. By late afternoon and still a long way from Narathiwat, he could walk no further. He slipped into an area of tall trees, lay down with his head on his backpack, covered his face with his spare tee shirt, closed his eyes, and tried to sleep. 
But his mind wouldn’t let him because there were the voices again—his mother’s, his grandmother’s, and voices from Turkey. And always there was the image and voice of Mr. Khan—a dark middle-aged man with a thick beard, a white taqiyya prayer cap, and a white salwar kameez beneath his silver-flecked black waistcoat. 
When he woke up, it was still dark but, covered with insect bites, he walked on. 

CHAPTER 16
I can’t find any logical explanation as to why I chose to go to Thailand around the time Cass arrived there. But I did. I had a job and enough money for a two-week cheap return flight to Phuket and some daily expenses once I got there.
The brochure had clinched it. It was the picture of blue sky, jungle, waterfalls, and a brightly coloured bird they called a toucan with a huge beak and a saucy glint in his eye that made my mind up. I was, after all, looking for some peace and tranquillity. I wanted to get away from the likes of Coolie and my job as a binman with the council where my workmates treated 4:00 a.m. as the best time of the day to rattle bins, rev engines, and shout their way through the slumbering side streets of North London.
I’d wanted to forget about Lennie, who, at 5:00 a.m., would loudly claim that Trinidad was superior to Jamaica, and about Bungee, the Paki, who would pick anything out of a domestic waste bin if he thought it had any intrinsic second-hand value. I once heard him shout in triumph when he found a child’s teddy bear covered in ketchup and chip oil. I definitely wanted to get away from Friggin’ Biggin, who’d been the truck driver for nine years and thought he was entitled to bellow instructions to the rest of us from 4:00 a.m.
I’d wanted to get away from traffic jams and pollution and the noisy placard-waving anti-police demonstrators that had taken over from the climate-change demonstrators of a month ago. Noise is the biggest pollution around London, but they seem to ignore that anomaly.
In the end, I packed a bag with the sort of nervous excitement I’d normally associate with a spotty twelve-year-old, and just before leaving for the airport for my first taste of air travel and foreign places, I called Walid.
Walid and I, of course, knew nothing of Kevin’s adventure in Scotland or about Roger or about Cass having called during the night, so it was just your usual pointless catch-up call and all Walid wanted to talk about was his passport and Gordon.
“I’ll call you, Walid,” I said at the end.
“Yeh,” he said. “If you’re flying over Turkey, look out for Cass.”

CHAPTER 17
At 4:00 a.m., Roger came off the motorway onto an A road and then drove through the open gate of a truck company. Mick Edgeley Transport—it said on a sign.
He reversed Madge into a space amongst a row of Edgeley Transport trucks already parked in neat rows. Despite the time, lights were on in a small office block to the side. “Wait here,” he told Kevin.
He was back within ten minutes. “All organised. I can park Madge here for as long as I like. Gentleman’s agreement. I’ve known Mick Edgeley for years. We’ll hang around until a more civilised hour then borrow one of Mick’s cars to take you home.”
Kevin nodded. “I still can’t believe Cass called.”
“An unbelievable coincidence, huh?” Roger said.
“Yeh. Two years since I saw him. It wasn’t his phone. Someone lent it to him. He said he’d phone again sometime.”
The cab light was on, and Roger could see Kevin staring out into the darkness with the same look of worry and uncertainty he’d become familiar with. His lips were moving, as if he was planning to say something. 
“What’re we going to do, Roger?” he asked eventually.
“First, you deliver your parcel What time does Khan start to move?”
“Maybe around nine.”
“I’ll drop you off around eight thirty. What does he do with packages you give him?”
“I don’t know.”
Roger stated, “Kevin, there’s something going on here. You know it, and I know it. Just like Hamish, I could, of course, just call around at the police station and report everything.”
“But you won’t, will you?”
“No. Not yet anyway.”
“So what can we do?”
“I’ve no idea, but I think you should go and see your mother.”
Kevin nodded. “I know. I will today. Would you meet her, Roger? Talk to her?” 
“Why not,” Roger said, wondering yet again how much deeper he should get involved. “And what’s your plan with Mr. Khan? You see, Kevin, I’m not a man who puts off until tomorrow what needs to be done today. I need a plan. I need a route map. A destination. Do you understand? Otherwise, I’ll bid you farewell, take Madge home where she belongs, and call in at the county police headquarters on the way. So what do you suggest?”
Kevin sniffed. “I could ask Khan if he has any more jobs. Local ones where I don’t need a car, like Mr. Greg for instance.”
Roger groaned. “Stop grovelling like a kid, Kevin. I’m talking about finding a strategy here to topple a bastard. Think of something, for God’s sake. Anything. If you think Mr. Greg could point us in the right direction, then let’s start with him. Otherwise . . . well, you already know my alternative. I’m going home.”

CHAPTER 18
Perhaps gut feelings are like ears that burn. 
With gut feelings, though, you feel and hear something so strongly that it’s been given a more meaningful name. “Instinct tells me,” we say. I feel it in my bones. It’s intuition. 
At the time, Roger didn’t tell Kevin that he thought an old grey-haired white man called Greg didn’t quite match the sort of person Mr. Khan might choose as a business partner. Roger’s gut feeling proved to be very accurate.
Grzegorz Samoszewski had been known as Greg for as long as he could remember. He didn’t mind. After all, Greg was a lot easier for fellow workers at Bywater Design & Printing Works on Meadow Lane to pronounce.
Charlie Bywater had eventually tired of Bywater Design & Printing Works but refused to discuss investments in digital printing or other new technology. He’d then accepted the first decent offer for the land and the building where the business stood on and walked away. By then, Greg had been running it for fifteen years, while Charlie mostly took exotic overseas holidays and attended as many horse-racing events as he could fit in. 
Greg was a quiet man who preferred to keep himself to himself and look after Dalia, his wife of forty years. One of Dalia’s historic complaints was that he was a social misfit, a view with which Greg agreed wholeheartedly. But what he lacked in social graces, he more than made up for in technical ingenuity. Greg was a natural and quite brilliant engineer who had studied printing technology from its origins as Chinese woodblock printing two thousand years ago right up to modern 3D printing technology. If Charlie Bywater had seen sense, he’d have made Greg a full partner in the firm and let him run it, drag it into the twenty-first century, and learned to specialise. That’s what Greg had always hoped for and why he’d never moved on.
Instead, Charlie, the miserable fool, had made everyone, including Greg, redundant. Was Greg miffed? Of course. Extremely. But the good thing was that he’d bought a few of the smaller pieces of printing equipment at a discount with his redundancy money and retired. 
They hadn’t moved away, though. Moving away was difficult with Dalia’s health problems. So they still lived in the detached sixties house on Lansdowne Road that they’d bought thirty years ago. From the outside, it looked as it always had: white window frames, black front door, and rendered external walls that Greg painted every three years in Dulux exterior magnolia.
Being on the corner, 18 Lansdowne Road was the only house with a double garage and a decent driveway to park Greg’s twenty-year-old Peugeot people carrier. Greg had always found other uses for the garage, but how long he could keep operating the workshop he’d built in it often kept Greg awake at night. 
Greg’s printing workshop was not entirely in the garage. Some of it was beneath it. Realising he needed more space, he’d hired a skip and a mini excavator, removed his jacket, tie, and pullover, and sweated to create a sort of cellar beneath it. He’d lined it and covered it in concrete slabs and made an entrance through a door inside Dalia’s greenhouse where she’d once grown herbs. Heat was extracted with a fan linked to a pipe connected to the downstairs toilet vent. When he’d finished constructing it, he would have loved Dalia to see it. 
“Dalia, my flower, what do you think? Wonderful, isn’t it?”
But Dalia, Greg’s flower, never ventured far these days, and because he knew she’d never manage the steps into his subterranean printing works, he’d fixed a wedding photograph and a large wooden picture frame containing a collection of old photos of his mother, Eva, and his father, Isaac, on the wall next to his lathe. 
Whilst drinking his morning mug of tea, Greg often looked at those photos and thought how similar he now looked to his father when his father was sixty-five. He had the grey ring of hair around the bald patch, the same lines on his forehead, and because he was similarly short-sighted, the same glasses with the thick lenses. Greg, too, always dressed for work in grey trousers, a white shirt, a plain, navy-blue tie, and unless it was too warm, a grey knitted pullover. But Greg never made his mug of tea last long for he had work to do.
If Greg’s printing workshop had been a business, then “quality, not quantity” would have been its simple philosophy, but it was not a business. It was Greg’s hobby. And, because Greg was an engineer and not a businessman, simple technology was not enough. He’d laboured happily and unseen to perfect a machine that stitched booklets and then, having closely examined the design of his own driving licence and Visa card, managed to print onto plastic and to produce a hologram of a yellow rose in the garden. Another challenge came when he applied for a new passport in order to check the government’s claims of new high-security technology. He experimented with new paper, special inks detectable only in infrared or ultraviolet light or by touch and with watermarks, perforated numbers, and embedded security fibres. 
Within six months, Greg had produced a nicely stitched copy of his own passport that he felt was quite passable. What he needed now was to test out some of his new-found skills, and so, because he’d never taken a holiday before, he decided it would be a good excuse to visit Poland, to Wroclaw, and see his old aunt who was now in her nineties. In his heart, though, Greg knew he’d never go because of Dalia. Nevertheless, he phoned his cousin Boris and told him he might arrive one day, some time, when he could.
A week later, though, Greg’s front doorbell rang, and thinking it was a delivery of some new inks, he wiped his hands, straightened his tie, made his way upstairs, and opened the door. Standing there was a middle-aged Asian with a white prayer cap and one of those long straggly beards of the sort Dalia used to call pepper and salt. In the man’s hand was a brown envelope. Greg scratched his head, removed his glasses, wiped them with his handkerchief, and looked again.
“Good morning, Mr. Greg. Remember me?” 
Greg had frowned.
“It is Akram. I used to see you at Mr. Bywater’s printing works on Meadow Lane,” he said in a Pakistani-English accent. Greg nodded out of politeness. “Is it so that you are still in the printing business, Mr. Greg?” 
Greg had always sought quiet anonymity, not publicity, so how did the man know? He stared but said nothing. 
“It is with good news that we hear you are still in the printing trade,” the man said.
Greg said nothing but looked up and down Lansdowne Road. There was an unknown white Ford, a tiny car parked opposite with someone sitting in the driving seat.
“That is good. We are needing some things to be printed. Industrial certificates, international driving licences, health and safety, and so on. I have examples here. Can I come in?” 
Greg had shaken his head defiantly. 
“I see. In that case, I will show you.” From the envelope, he pulled a small bundle of papers, and his black eyes looked up at Greg from the lower level of the door step and then past him into the hallway and up the stairs. He handed the bundle to him. “We need documents like this.”
Greg, out of politeness, had taken the papers and flipped through them. Amongst them were university degrees and diplomas from universities in Karachi, Istanbul, and Cairo; marriage certificates and death certificates in Arabic and English; and college industrial skills certificates with watermarks. Greg held one up to the grey light of morning out of curiosity and habit.
“You can do?”
Greg had shaken his head. 
“What is your price, Mr. Greg?”
“No, no. This is not something I can do,” Greg said. But Akram had only smiled and nodded. His cheeks were perhaps breaking into wrinkles beneath the beard. 
“Please think about it, Mr. Greg. It is urgent. Meanwhile, I will leave you the samples. Good morning.”
The man turned and scuffed his way to the gate. Greg watched him go—a shortish man with dark jacket and baggy white trousers, which were tighter above his black lace-up shoes. At the gate, though, he turned and walked back to the doorstep and again looked up at Greg. 
“Ah, Mr. Greg,” he said. “you mustn’t tell anyone. It is a—what shall I say?—a secret. And because it is a small order, we won’t tell the police, the council, or the tax people about your printing business.” He paused. “And how is your wife, Mr. Greg?” 
Greg watched the man walk a few steps away and turn yet again. “Shalom is it, Mr. Greg? And lehitraot. See you later. Do I speak your Jewish language well?” 
And then he left in the white car, leaving the gate wide open. Greg went to shut it and then returned to the kitchen to sit beside Dalia who was in a wheelchair, staring at birds pecking at breadcrumbs on the patio. 
Who was the man who looked like many of the Moslems he saw near the city mosque on his way to the hospital or to the supermarket? And why did the man try speaking in Hebrew? And how did he know about Dalia? 
And then the full horror began to sink in. 
What had started as a hobby in his garage where he had once dabbled at weekends with the old Triumph motorbike he never rode and fixed the washing machine and lawn mower and dismantled and reassembled things to find out how they worked had, since he’d been made redundant, grown into something quite different. All he had meant to do was prove to himself he would have made a far better job of running Bywater Printing than Charlie Bywater. 
What Greg had learned to do was top quality, but what he’d created beneath his garage suddenly felt illegal. Was it illegal to make a reasonable copy of pages of his own passport just for the challenge? Was it illegal to print a passable copy of a driving licence onto plastic as an experiment? Was it illegal to adapt a simple inkjet printer to perform different functions? Greg understood printing and was adept at designing and making small tools, but he didn’t know about tax, VAT, business rates, and making major alterations to a property without permission. 
Of course, when Kevin made deliveries or collections from Mr. Greg, he knew none of this. 

CHAPTER 19
It was around 3:00 a.m. when Cass arrived in the coastal town of Narathiwat. 
At the town centre, he found a minibus service heading north to Pattani, Songkhla, and Nakhon Si Thammarat that, according to the sign, would leave at 7:30 a.m. He checked his money, paid the sleeping driver for a ticket to Songkhla, and was allowed to board to wait until it departed. 
He was dozing when, as dawn broke, an elderly Buddhist monk clambered aboard and sat quietly on the seat opposite. Just before 7:30, a few others also got in and sat at the back. Then the bus departed and headed north into the countryside.
With the sun rising on his right, Cass pulled the curtain aside and slid open the tinted window to feel the breeze. It wasn’t a cool breeze, but the air smelled good. He felt sweaty and dirty. His bushy beard was greasy and tangled, but when he put his face into the wind and breathed in the damp early morning air that was thick with an exotic flowery perfume, it felt good. For months, he’d only smelled dry, dusty air—air that caused sores and encrusted nostrils until they bled. The red and white chequered shemagh he would always wear around his head and over his mouth was never enough. It lay now at the bottom of the backpack beside him.
He opened the bag, took out a bottle of water, and drank half. Then he glanced at the old monk who had been sitting motionless, huddled in orange-brown robes, staring, like Cass, out of the window on his side. His face was round, brown, and mottled with darker spots. His grey hair was shorn almost to his scalp. He had slipped his feet out of his dusty sandals and was resting them one on top of the other on the floor, and on the seat beside him lay a crumpled bag made of the same orange cloth as his clothing.
As Cass opened his own bag to return the water bottle, the monk turned, and Cass raised the bottle towards him as a gesture. Was he thirsty? The monk nodded and edged his way along the seat towards him, looked at him with clear brown eyes, took the bottle, put it to his lips, and took a long drink. Then he handed the bottle back, but Cass shook his head and raised his hand. “I have another,” he said. “Please keep it.”
The monk nodded, gave a tight-lipped smile, and continued his silent watching of the scenery slipping past. But Cass could see that his lips were moving and that, occasionally, he would nod and smile to himself, as if he was conversing with someone. Perhaps, Cass thought, he was praying, but he knew little of Buddhist religion.
Cass’s own thoughts wandered, and for some reason, he started to think about Bashir’s shop and how he would help Kevin stack shelves. How good it had been to hear Kevin’s voice the day before. It was just a minute in time but enough to know he was not entirely alone.
He thought about Dragos at the Romanian car wash on Bristol Road who he would help on Sundays and about Yassin who would tell him in his Bangladeshi way, “Cass, my friend, those who can’t find time to pray five times a day like a good Moslem must haste earnestly to the remembrance of God on a Friday. Pray to him for your good life, your mother, and your grandmother.”
And Cass, however reluctantly, would go with Yassin to the Park Road mosque just as he had done with the man his mother called Uncle Ayakar when he was about ten and still trying to understand what was going on. 
The Imam had called him over one day and given him books to read, but Cass had put them under his bed because they were in Arabic, with no pictures except a photo of an unknown Imam on the cover.
He’d also given him a CD of children singing Islamic songs, and his grandmother had played them in the kitchen and smiled and clapped her hands. Grandma’s smiles were a rare sight. Her clapping was even rarer, but he still remembered one of the songs.
“I am a Moslem in the things I say / in everything I do every day. / We are Moslems in the things we say / in everything we do every day / Alhamdallah, Isbilllah, I am a Moslem and this I know / I need to eat so I may grow / When we eat, we say bismillah, / when we’re full we say alhamdalla.”
The words were simple, but the tune was catchy, and it had engraved itself in Cass’s memory. Even at night, “I go to sleep saying Allah’s name / and in the morning, I do the same.” 
It was innocent enough but not enough to stir a desire to become the devout Moslem his grandmother expected. To Grandma, Cass was likely to turn out to be as big a disappointment, just as Kevin was—a bad boy. They were all bad boys—Kurt, Winston, Kevin, and himself. And then he thought about Mr. Wilkins, Willie, the math teacher who would jokingly call all of them his bad boys. 
But Kevin? A bad boy? Poor boy would have been more accurate.
And Winston and Kurt, Nigerians or Jamaicans or whatever they pretended to be each week, were struggling with school and going home to a life that seemed so noisy and disjointed. At 43 Shipley Street, no one spoke. Silence prevailed as Cass’s mother watched TV and his grandmother slept.
But being called a bad boy was OK. 
Being called a bad boy by Willie, the math teacher, was particularly cool because it suggested that Willie saw streaks of useful rebellion lying beneath. Being a bad boy had made Cass listen to Punjabi pop songs about bad boys and watch YouTube clips of Karachi street gang music every half hour until he became tired of it and moved on to Arab pop for a while. English pop was so dreary, so contrived, and so predictable. 
Cass smiled to himself. Perhaps smiling was what came with the feeling of being free. Impossible as it was, he imagined Kevin suddenly getting on the bus at the next stop.
“Bloody hell, Cass, what are you doing on this bus? But what an unexpected pleasure. Al-hamdulilla.”
Kevs was OK. Kevs was just a bright but bored kid who found school pointless like a lot of the boys from the streets around Park Road and Shipley Street. With most of the rows of terraced houses around Shipley Street occupied by Pakistanis, Somalis, Afghans, Iraqis, or Africans, Kevs had been the only kid with a white mum. Kevin’s mum had blonde hair, was thin, and always seemed unwell but looked as if she’d come from pure white English stock. 
But there weren’t many other differences between Cass and Kevin. Kevin had needed a father figure but didn’t have one. Neither did Cass. Kevin had needed adventure, but there was none to be found. So did Cass. And Kevin had needed a reason to live but hadn’t yet found one. Neither had Cass. 
Cass, deep in his thoughts, continued staring out of the bus window with his head resting on the frame and the wind blowing on his face. 
It was very Moslem down there in the far south of Thailand, and he knew there had long been problems with a separatist movement led by Islamic militants. Right now, though, it all seemed peaceful. They’d passed a few police blocks, and Cass had held his breath, but the police only spoke to the driver and waved them on.
The bus stopped for a short while in Pattani. The passengers sitting at the back got off, but the monk stayed on. Cass felt comfortable, knowing he was still there. 
What is he thinking? Cass wondered as the bus travelled on. What did Buddhists pray for? Buddhism seemed peaceful enough. As far as Cass knew, no one gave long rambling speeches but sat and meditated and sometimes chanted in monotonous tones for hours. 
Another hour passed, then the bus driver turned and spoke in Thai, and the old monk looked at Cass. “The driver says we arrive in Songkhla in five minutes,” he said in slow but good English. “The bus will then depart for Nakhon Si Thammarat in thirty minutes.”
Cass nodded. “Thank you, sir.”
It was mid-morning, hot and sunny, and Cass strolled around a street with vendors selling crispy banana fritters, sausages, meat balls, and fried chicken. Close by was the main covered market, hot, shadowy, and full of fruit, vegetables, meat, and fish. Cass was hungry. He bought more water, some crispy banana fritters and returned to where the bus was waiting. What should he do? Move on? He counted his money again and then, seeing the old monk reboard the bus, bought another ticket for Nakhon Si Thammarat.

CHAPTER 20
When I left London, it was cold, grey, and overcast, and the airport was noisy and crowded. 
A sort of calmness descended once we were onboard the plane. I listened to Enya on my phone, and she sent me to sleep dreaming of Ireland and wide green open spaces. It was when the guy in the middle seat wanted to visit the toilet that I realised I was packed in a metal tube with three hundred others. 
In Phuket, I stayed for a night at a small beachside hotel; watched sunbathers, kite surfers, and paragliders; and listened to shrieking adults at play from the ninth floor. I walked downtown at night, bought a beer, and by eleven thirty, with my libido at a surprisingly low ebb despite the choices on offer, returned to the hotel. Early next morning, feeling much fresher, I took a bus that headed south because that was how I’d planned it. 
And what a difference this made. This was more like it. Peace and tranquillity in a foreign place with sun, green trees, and fields and far away from Friggin and Coolie. 
With my nose pressed to the window, I watched the scenery pass by—shiny, wet fields where rows of women in wide-brimmed hats bent over, planting what I thought must be rice. They were peaceful scenes and food for the fertile imagination that normally only functions when my head is covered by a pillow. 
It would have been far more natural, I decided, as I watched the jungle passing by, if I’d spent my early years strapped to my mother’s back instead of being pushed along a filthy wet street in a stroller surrounded by plastic bags of groceries with chocolate ice cream dripping into my bib. If I’d been born in the African bush somewhere, I could have spent my youth fishing in a river where crocodiles ambushed wildebeest and hyenas fought with lions over a freshly killed zebra. Instead, I’d watched my mother fighting with fresh West Indian lodgers. 
Why is it that beautiful views can be so easily erased by ugly memories?
Painting walls for the council seemed unlikely to lead to a career as a painter of rolling English landscapes like Constable or candle-lit scenes like Joseph Wright. Watching areas of cream paint expand under your roller is a quiet-enough occupation, but I can confirm with evidence that it does something truly rotten to your brain. There was no chance I could ever emulate that Nigerian wizard with a paintbrush, Aima Onabolu, with only a can of Dulux magnolia and a six-inch roller.
At least collecting people’s trash with Lennie and Bungee on a truck driven by Friggin got you out and about. 
For a brief moment, watching the fields glide by, I thought about Sergeant Friggin Biggin. Like his name suggests, Friggin’s a big guy. He’s the only person I know who can do a three-point turn in a truck using only his stomach muscles. Friggin eats sandwiches all day long. He then throws the packs out of the truck window. You can track the truck’s progress around North London just by following the trail of Friggin’s empty sandwich packs. 
“If there ain’t nothing to pick up, then we ain’t got no job, Kurt,” he says whenever I accuse him of littering. But I digress once more.
I’d read somewhere that it was a five-hour drive from Phuket to Nakhon Si Thammarat, so when the bus suddenly stopped after five hours with my mind on Friggin rather than street signs, I stepped out into blazing sunshine and looked around. It seemed unexpectedly quiet. I was expecting a sizeable town from where I could then head into the outback for my first sight of a waterfall and a toucan. I quickly concluded I’d made a mistake and got off the bus too early. The proof was two signs. One said, “Welcome to Phra Phrom”; another said, “Nakhon Si Thammarat, 15 kilometres.”
Deciding, nevertheless, to explore and find somewhere to stay, I slung my backpack over my shoulder and walked. It was certainly very different. 
In Edmonton or Park Road, I can confirm you’re unlikely to come across a place like the Happy Life Resort with tiny wooden cabins scattered around a quiet flower-filled garden with coconut palms. So I ventured through the gate to an open door that said Reception and found myself in a room surrounded by carved wooden elephants and plastic flowers. It also had a frayed piece of tinsel hanging over an empty desk that wished everyone a Happy New Year. I found a bell, pressed it, waited again, and heard someone shuffling towards me—a young black-haired girl tapping away on a mobile phone as she walked. 
She gave me a nice smile, so I smiled back and then waited again until she’d finished what she was doing. She wasn’t bad looking. She came up to my shoulder. Her jeans fitted her nicely, and her flip-flops had coloured beads on the strap. 
“You want room?” she asked.
“Yes, please,” I said. “One with a view of toucans if you have one.”
She seemed confused by my comedy. “What name, please?” 
“Kurt Learner.” 
“You have passport, please?”
I placed my Courtney Lemar Delmont Learner passport into her little hand, and she smiled. “How long you stay, Mr. Cow-er-tee?” 
She looked up at me with black eyes beneath a perfectly straight black fringe. I, with my freshly gelled haircut adding another couple of inches to my six feet, looked down and tried out my special smile and more comedy. “I don’t know,” I said. “Maybe I’ll stay forever.”
“You want to see room?”
“No need. Is there Wi-Fi?”
She smiled again and pointed to a number on the key. “Password. Five hundred baht. Number 3. Outside. Have a nice stay.”
Ten minutes later, I was lying on my bed in this quaint little room resembling a large garden shed. It was far nicer than Coolie’s place and even had a shower with soap and a towel. 
It was certainly very quiet. There was no movement or sign of life but a clear blue sky with fluffy white clouds and a backdrop of hills covered in jungle. There were no people, cars, trucks, or buses and not a breath of wind. So I lay on the bed with my eyes closed and my hands over my ears to stifle the silence that buzzed in my ears. For a moment, I thought I might have died. 
I normally avoid thinking about death, although listening to Clannad and Enya as I’d been doing recently would bring on a sort of melancholy like dying alone. I’d started to imagine living on the desolate west coast of Ireland, where life hung on a fragile thread of emotion, and Enya would sing on windswept cliff tops, waiting for me to sail into view on giant Atlantic waves. 
Unlike me, Coolie and the others would only ever make infantile jokes about death. The Alzheimer of Stacker’s gran was a Coolie favourite. Friggin himself discussed erectile dysfunction as the saddest symptom of imminent death. Bungee avoided it altogether and did Ali G impersonations, and Stacker, another mate, would joke about death by Vindaloo curry at the Passage to India, commonly known as the QPFL—the Quick Passage to Find a Loo. 
To my shame, I often joined in their infantile laughter because that was what was expected. So why was I lying there thinking about them when I came here to see a toucan, chill out, and forget them.
I think Stacker, Bungee, Friggin, Coolie, and all the others are too scared to share real feelings because it isn’t cool or macho. Not that I did much sharing either because, frankly, there isn’t anyone I trust enough.
Some subjects are beyond jokes. Death is the big one. Death is the end. It happens to everything. Dead leaves are swept up by the council. Flies get sprayed or swatted. Chickens get turned into chicken nuggets. Pigeons get flattened by buses and trucks because they’re too slow. 
Death, though, was hardly a happy subject for the start of my first ever holiday, so I got up; grabbed my phone, wallet, and backpack; closed and locked the wooden door; and set off to explore the town. 
I found a roadside place that sold meat balls. I ordered a beer to go with them, and for a while, I watched the ways of the locals and passing motorcycles. That was OK for a while, but then I walked on. 
Was it a mistake to come here on my own just to find peace and quiet and learn and see something different? Cass had tried that, but turning points often start with mistakes. 
My mistake was to bring that damned phone and to find fresh messages from Coolie and Lennie and a rare one from Bungee. All of them needed witty replies. Concentration was vital, and the sun was sinking lower and shining in my eyes when I took a wrong turning. Then my phone battery went off. 
“Aaargh!”
I then looked up for the first time for a while and was shocked not to see Edmonton, where I’d been living remotely for the last twenty minutes. Instead, I was in a foreign country with palm trees, distant mountains of thick green jungle and a lake reflecting the red setting sun. And there, sitting cross-legged on the sloping bank with his arms outstretched like a sun worshiper was a long-haired man wearing loose silky trousers in a colour not dissimilar to the setting sun.

CHAPTER 21
Cass was also on a bus watching passing scenery when he felt a gentle touch on his arm. 
“Where are you going?” the old monk asked.
Cass hesitated. Bangkok had seemed the most sensible place to aim for, but quite how he was going to sort out his predicament once he’d got there and then go home was still far from clear. “To Bangkok,” he replied. 
“And where have you come from?”
“From Malaysia, sir.”
“You are Malaysian?”
“I am British, sir,” he said, but was he? Didn’t his passport say he was a Turkish student? 
“I am Pa Ajahn Lee. What is your name?”
“My name?” Cass hesitated again. “Cass Siddiqui, sir. I am pleased to meet you.” He held out his hand as was his custom, but the monk merely touched it softly with his fingers. “Do you know London?” he asked.
“No, sir, my home is in Gloucester.”
“Ah,” the monk said, “you have a beautiful cathedral. Such wonderful singing.”
“You have been there?” Cass asked, amazed.
“I once met the bishop. I also met Archbishop Desmond Tutu from South Africa there. A wonderful man with the most infectious laugh. You now have a lady bishop, yes? It is good to see a lady bishop.”
Cass didn’t know that, but then, he’d been away awhile. Anyway, most people he knew never mentioned Gloucester’s famous cathedral, least of all visited it. Its spire was visible from almost everywhere, and yet, shamefully, he often didn’t see it either. Unconsciously, it had been off limits for someone from Park Road. The shame that he had never been taught to respect such a historic Christian monument hit him like a hammer. Perhaps the old monk sensed it. “You are Moslem?”
“Yes, sir. My family came from Pakistan, but I am British.”
The old monk’s look became so intense that Cass turned away. 
“You are troubled, young man?”
Cass shook his head, but it wasn’t true, of course. He was a confused, angry, and emotional wreck. He blamed himself for his original naivety but felt deep anger towards those who had forced him into doing things he did not want to do. Above all, he now wanted to rid himself of all that, to put things right and start again. 
“I heard you say mother.”
“My mother, sir?”
“You were sleeping, I think. You said, ‘Sorry, mother, but I am not a bad boy.’”
“Perhaps I did,” Cass admitted. “Maybe I was dreaming.”
“Perhaps,” the monk said kindly. “Try not to dwell in the past or the future, young man. Concentrate your mind on the present moment. You are not a bad person.”
Cass didn’t feel like a good person. If there had been any goodness once, then it felt as if it had drained away like gutter water. “How do you know that, sir?”
“I see it. I hear it. I feel it. You are polite. You are thoughtful. You are self-aware and self-critical. You are intelligent. I can see that you are kind and that you have been brought up to respect others. Be thoughtful and consider all things, but do not be ashamed.” 
The monk took a plump ripe banana from his bag. “What is it you say in England? One good turn deserves another? Are you hungry?”
“Thank you, sir.” Cass took the banana, peeled it as slowly as his hunger would allow, took a bite, and felt the old monk touch his arm again. 
“Are you running from something?”
Perhaps it was pent-up anger. Perhaps it was guilt, or perhaps it was the desperate need to talk to someone face to face, but Cass could not stop the sudden emotion that erupted from inside. His mouth was full of banana, and he was ready to swallow it, but he couldn’t. Instead, he choked, and a mouthful of banana squeezed between his lips and exploded onto his lap. With his eyes full of water, he tried to wipe it away, but it slid slimily onto the seat between his legs. He took a deep, shuddering breath and looked away, but the old monk’s hand was still on his arm. 
“Never run away. Turn and face whatever it is. Do you have money?”
Cass struggled to speak. “A little, sir.” 
They were silent for a while, but the monk didn’t move back to his position near the window. Occasionally, he would lean closer and touch Cass’s arm, as if to reassure him. Then, as they reached the outskirts of their destination, he touched his arm again and pointed through the window. “Do you know anything about the city of Nakhon Si Thammarat?”
Cass shook his head. 
“You must spend time here,” the old monk said. “Do not just pass through with closed eyes. See it. Listen to it. Understand it. It is one of the most ancient cities in Thailand. It was once called the Kingdom of Ligor. It has many buildings, an old wall, and ruins of historical significance. The souls of our ancestors watch over it.” He paused briefly. “Look. Do you see that? That is Wat Phra Mahathat Woramahawihan. See how the golden dome glitters in the sun? There is a museum, and the pagoda is Sri Lankan. You must visit it.”
Cass turned his head to see. 
“The pagoda belongs to the Lord Buddha,” the monk went on, nodding appreciatively. “We can all learn from it.”
“But I am Moslem, sir.”
He shook his head. “What does that matter? Buddhist history and culture? Islamic culture? Christianity? Judaism? Hindu culture? They overlap. Each has its own wonders. They are all here in this city—the Chinese, the British, the Portuguese, and the Dutch. Moslems, Christians, Protestants, and Catholics were all here. They are still here to spend time in Nakhon Si Thammarat to learn about human history.”
Cass looked at the old man’s face. It was serious but calm. His voice was soothing, and his manner was relaxed. His hands were laid together unmoving in the orange cloth covering his lap. His bare feet still rested one on the other, and Cass felt as if he wanted to choke again because—well, that was it. He’d almost forgotten why he wanted to travel. It was exactly that. It was to learn about human history, to be part of the complex human interactions over centuries that had brought us to where we are right now, and to unravel and understand things, to find solutions to intolerance and conflict because we are all in this together. These were the unanswered questions—the things that had bothered him since he’d sat in the mosque and listened to the Imam preaching about a fixed doctrine, as if it was not allowed, at aged twelve, to have the right to decide anything for himself. It was why he’d wanted a passport.
The bus stopped; the driver got out and opened the doors. The old monk, in his bundle of orange robes, clambered out, followed by Cass in his dirty jeans, stained tee shirt, and dusty backpack and beard. It was blisteringly hot. White-flowered frangipani trees scented the air, and a flock of pigeons flew up before settling to strut between a cluster of market stalls. The old monk headed to the shade of a shop selling temple gifts, brightly coloured plastic garlands, cheap buddha images, and pre-packed plastic buckets of day-to-day needs as offerings to the temple. 
For a while, Cass stood in the sun and looked around. It was noisy and busy with cars, taxis, motorcycles, and people. Where should he go? What should he do now? He glanced towards the old monk and saw him beckon to him. Cass walked over. “Cass, my son, where are you going now?” 
“Maybe I’ll . . .” he began but got no further.
“And where will you stay tonight?”
“Perhaps I’ll . . .”
“Join me. I am waiting for a lift.”
“But where?”
“I am visiting a temple nearby. Stay there for a while. Watch, listen, and learn. To understand is to live.”
“But I am Moslem, sir.”
“That isn’t a problem.”
“Thank you, sir, but I cannot accept such hospitality. I feel unclean.”
The monk smiled, perhaps touched. “You have been travelling, yes? Backpacking. On arrival, a shower would be very welcome, yes?”
And so, ten minutes later, Cass climbed into the back seat of an old and rusting Nissan truck beside a Buddhist monk—a man old enough to be his grandfather. Throughout the short journey, he could only think about Istanbul and the last time he’d accepted a lift on arrival in a strange place.
They had passed many Buddhist temples on the bus journey north. They had also passed many mosques, but the temple they arrived at that late afternoon lay at the foot of a steep forested hillside. They entered through a tall ornate arch painted in red, white, and gold. Inside, on the left, was a red-and-white building with steps and a high chimney. Smaller buildings and simple wooden huts lay beneath the trees, and at the centre stood the main temple with its steep, curved red-tiled roof. Wide steps bordered by red, white, and gold dragons led up to the door. Everything was bathed in a rosy glow from the evening sun, and the scent of frangipani filled the still warm air. The truck stopped outside a bungalow, and a group of young monks appeared from nowhere, bowing to the old monk, helping him down from the truck, and staring at Cass. Ajahn Lee spoke to them in Thai, and they laughed and smiled, bowing their heads and holding their hands together in welcome. 
Later, Cass took his long-awaited shower and tried to remove his beard with an old blunt razor. Then one of the young monks led him to one of the wooden huts on stilts, and before darkness crowded in, he fell into a deep and dreamless sleep to the sounds of the forest.

CHAPTER 22
I couldn’t help staring at this long-haired man sitting there with his legs crossed and blocking my way.
I had the strangest feeling that I’d just wandered into someone’s house. I felt that I should say sorry, but before that, I needed to know how I got there? Had I passed the Happy Life without noticing and just kept going oblivious? 
I checked these new surroundings: lake, sky, the forested hills that stretched darkly into the setting sun, and the man who’d just appeared. This was no longer a flat view from a bus window but genuine 3D reality, and I was standing there amongst it with my earphones dangling, as if I’d just been beamed down from somewhere. 
I was used to measuring distances in yards, not horizons. I was used to seeing colours in shades of brown and grey, not in full Technicolor orange, pink, white, and pale blue with shadows of green, black, and grey. The sun was a bright red sphere behind the palms, and there was movement on the water—ripples between big circular leaves of crimson water lilies. 
When the guy moved and nodded his head in my direction, I admit I took a step backwards. Strangers don’t nod like that in Edmonton. Neither do people deliberately block your way because they’d be trampled to death. We pass by looking at our phones and living in our virtual world because the real world was too horrible to see.
I checked him out from a safe distance.
I’d only been there a day or so. Since leaving Phuket, I’d seen locals but not a foreign-looking guy with long matted hair hanging from his head. My mother used to like blokes with that sort of hairstyle where it’s hard to see a face, but she used to prefer curly black dreadlocks, not straight grey hair.
He wore a khaki vest, so you could see his armpits. His orange trousers stopped just below his knees. His arms were sun-burned and covered in tattoos. His legs were crossed, but his bare feet rested one on top of the other at his crotch, and a pair of sandals were laid behind him on the grass. To me, he was more like a sun-tanned hippy sort than a Rasta, although both might have had pockets filled with little screwed-up packets and a cheap lighter.
Then he spoke. It sounded to me like “please” and “sit,” so I moved forward and crouched down low enough to peer at a face that looked as if it had been crafted from brown shoe leather. Perhaps my crouching suggested I was using the spot for another purpose because his next words shocked me. “I said sit, not shit.” 
The words, more in the lavatorial style of Coolie, came from inside the hair and were made with an American accent, but I found my voice. “Sorry, mate,” I said. “Do you come here often?” 
It was the sort of chat-up line I often use for fresh acquaintances, although I admit it lacks refinement. On this occasion, too, it lacked the accompanying wolfish grin I once used on someone called Linda at the Cougar Club on Smith Street who then led me to the far corner of the Smith Street’s car park. 
“Occasionally,” he replied, and I, assuming that was the end of the matter, eased a displaced ankle back into my Nikes, patted my back pocket for the satisfying bulge that was my wallet, and tried to squeeze past. But I had only taken three strides when I heard his American voice from behind. 
“Your phone, sir.” 
Sir? I patted my other pocket and found it empty. My ear plugs were still hanging, but there was nothing attached. So I turned to find the man holding my Samsung in his hand, turning it over, and examining it with interest. “It must have fallen out,” I said. “Can’t live without a phone, can we?” 
He pushed his greasy locks back and looked up at me with half-closed eyes, as if he’d not slept too well. 
“It’s dead,” I added. “It needs recharging.”
“A solution not available to a dead man,” he replied.
I like fresh phrases and was sure there was a joke there somewhere, but a quality reply evaded me. “Sorry?” I said, pretending I hadn’t heard.
“Would you like to be recharged after you’ve died?”
“I don’t know,” I said.
He looked up at me. “Are you a happy man?”
“What?” I asked somewhat rudely. 
“Are you on vacation?”
“Yeh,” I said bravely. “We all need to get away now and again. The nine to five, the tax, the government—know what I mean?” 
Again, I hoped that was the end of the matter but no. “Are you in a hurry?”
I didn’t answer because I’d once received the same question from a bald middle-aged man in a raincoat outside a public toilet when I was twelve. As I’ve mentioned before, Park Road is a very mixed community.
“Please sit.” Perhaps it was the way he said it, but it sounded more like a command. I found himself in a no man’s land of uncertainty. Much as I wanted to, I couldn’t just snatch my phone back and walk away. After all, I’d inherited a few manners from somewhere, though it is hard to know how. So I sat down on the ground with my knees around my ears, wondering why I hadn’t just said, “No, thanks, mate. Cheers, but I’ll be on my way.” 
I got my phone back. It was returned by a bony hand, with fingernails that looked as if they’d been digging for mushrooms or something. I swiped the blank screen just in case there was a flicker of life still left in it, but there was none. 
“It’s dead,” the man said, replacing his hands on the lap of his loose-fitting orange trousers. “Why not let it rest in peace?”
“But it’s got all my stuff on,” I said.
“Stuff?”
“Contacts and stuff.”
“Does it know how vital it is to your existence?”
“It’s only a phone, mate.”
“But it seems to me you regard it as a vital necessity, a lifeline that you cannot allow to become detached from. Does it talk to you? Advise you? Teach you?”
“It could if I downloaded the right software,” I said.
“So your phone, this machine, this piece of technology is part of you?” 
“Sort of. This is not a cheap phone, you know.”
He was staring at me with sleepy black eyes, and I wondered if I could now go on my way, but he suddenly raised his right hand and pointed towards the trees on the edge of the lake. “Before it died, did your phone see the kingfisher on the eucalyptus?” 
I looked where he was pointing, but perhaps the kingfisher had flown away. 
“Did your phone see anything today? Did it marvel at the sky, the clouds, the lake, the grass, the trees? Did it watch the butterflies? Did it see the white egret that took flight when you approached? Did it share with you what it saw? Did your phone tell you what it heard today? The cry of the kingfisher? The gentle sound of fish jumping in the water? The breeze in the bamboo? Did your phone feel anything today? Sadness, happiness, contentment, enthusiasm, enlightenment? Did it ask you questions? Test you? Advise you? Did it perhaps enquire about its origin—where it came from, who made it, and what might happen to it when you no longer need it? What does your phone think? What does it like? What does it dislike?”
Each of his hundred questions was asked at the speed of light, and I had forgotten the first long before the last, but they’d made me think. “It’s only a phone, mate,” I replied because that was the sort of answer I’d normally give to multiple questions. 
“Are you saying that your phone has limitations, that there are things it can’t do that you can if you so wished, that there are things it can’t do that an animal or plant can?” 
I was getting confused. Despite his American accent, this guy was asking the sort of questions that Willie used to ask in the middle of a lesson where he was supposed to be teaching us about isosceles triangles. Willie’s words from five years ago then rang in my head. All I’d done was murmur, “Fuck me,” too loudly, and he came over and walked around me while tapping his own head with a ruler. 
“Can you do calculus in your head, Kurt? How about working out the relationship between a set of inputs and outputs, Kurt? If so, I suggest you apply for a job with Mr. Gates right now. Alternatively, I hear the council are looking for painters and decorators, but even so, you might need to work out how many litres of paint you need to cover twenty-five square metres of brick wall.”
I often think about Willie. This Yank was similar.
“Did you, with your greater powers of intelligence, marvel at the dragonflies over the lake? Did you notice the sky, the clouds? Did you ask why the sun is red at sunset? Did you spend any time today considering your own origin, how you grew from an egg to an adult, or what will happen to your mind and body when your own battery goes?”
I always sniff when faced with difficult questions, especially those of a personal nature, so I sniffed. “I was distracted,” I said.
“Distracted by an inanimate object.”
“What’s that?”
“Your fucking phone, dumbass.”
Something had happened to the intellectual finesse, but I was too slow to make the point. “Oh, I see what you mean. Yes, I was distracted. The battery was going.”
“So it died like an animal, a bird, an insect, or a plant. It died like you, and I will one day?”
“Yes,” I said, “but once I plug it in, it’ll come alive again.” 
I felt ashamed of my flippancy because he’d already got me thinking. 
“What’s your name?” he asked. 
“Kurt. What’s yours?”
“James,” he said. “You got a surname, Kurt?”
“Learner,” I replied whilst thinking he was lying. He didn’t look like a James. He looked more like a Ziggy or a Zappa or even Spiderman II.
“And where are you from, Kurt?”
“North London, mate. You?”
“Virginia. Enjoying your time here?”
“So far so good.”
“How do you find the local people, the culture?”
James’s eyes fixed themselves directly onto mine, but I’m not comfortable with those trying to catch me out with big words like culture. I needed time to think, so I didn’t answer. I was also wondering if James might soon decide to go home wherever that was. 
I was grateful when he moved. I watched him pull a hand through his hair and, in one simple fluid moment, unwind a pair of unexpectedly long legs and stand. He was slim, agile, and even taller than me. Christ. Six foot three. Four?
“Would you say you’re lost, Kurt?”
If this was another trick question, then my priority now was to stand to at least ensure some equality in the tallness stakes. But I toppled clumsily and then had to pull the damp cotton of my pants from the cleft of my backside. Then, to my horror, I watched my precious phone roll towards the lake. James was the quickest. He bent, retrieved it, and handed it back. “Do you know where you are or which way to go, Kurt? Would you like help to get back on course?”
“No, thanks.”
“You are heading the wrong way, Kurt. You need to stop and decide where you’re going.”
It sounded to me like spiritual guidance. The sort that is, I admit, in very short supply. But I sniffed again. “No, thanks, mate. I’ll see you around.” 
And with that, I headed off into the growing darkness.

CHAPTER 23
Cass was woken by the sound of a heavy bass gong and the voices of a group of young monks outside. 
It was still dark, so he sat on the wooden step of the hut and listened to prayers coming from the main temple. He watched the sky lighten, listened to birds in the trees behind, and watched the sun slowly rise behind the temple, casting long dark shadows. It was warm, calm, and peaceful. Birds sang, butterflies flitted amongst the grass, chickens scratched and pecked amongst flowerpots, and colourful lizards ran like miniature dinosaurs in the bare earth beneath his hut. And Cass felt more relaxed than he had for two years.
But he could still picture that old Malay man on the ferry. Did they know he’d crossed the border? Had their people on the Thai side been told? He was desperate to call Kevin again, but gnawing at his emotions was what he’d been told every time he’d asked about his mother. “She is proud, Qasim. Relax. Anha mshiaeh alla. It is God’s will.” 
And when he’d asked Kevin about her, Kevin had said he’d not seen her for a long time. Uncertainty about his mother had bothered Cass for so long that he no longer knew what to think or believe. 
As the sun rose higher, he moved into the shade and waited, watched, and listened. What next? What should he do? Should he wait for the old monk Pa Ajahn Lee to come?
It was another younger monk, though, who strolled purposely towards the hut, and Cass came down the steps to meet him.
“My name is Jon,” the monk said. “My English is not so good but come.”
And Cass found himself in the temple kitchen where metal pots and pans were stacked against a bare concrete block wall, and in the corner, a group of ladies sat cross-legged while chopping meat and vegetables and gossiping. In the opposite corner was a ladder and pots of yellow paint, brushes, and a roller on a long pole. “Can you paint?”
And so, Cass worked until mid-morning when the ladies carried plates and dishes of the food they’d cooked to the temple. At midday, he sat on the floor with them and ate spicy minced pork and fried eggs with rice. He tried to say it was good and tasty, and they laughed. “Aroy, aroy,” they said and talked non-stop. 
Later, as the ladies washed dishes, he worked again until everyone disappeared. Then, because it was hot and he felt he’d done as much as he could, he lay on the floor and slept. 
Perhaps he’d slept for half an hour when he felt a hand on his shoulder. It was one of the ladies, the oldest one, the only one left behind, who woke him. Cass had seen her earlier watching him, the silent one who had not joined in with the non-stop chatter. She beckoned him to get up. Then, bent double with age and walking slowly with a stick, she led him to the main temple where it was cool, quiet and empty, and smelled of candle wax and incense. 
Cass watched her approach the long dais where a golden statue of the Buddha sat surrounded by garlands of flowers. She knelt before it. Dressed in a lacy blouse and bright sarong, she smiled up at him with bare gums and gave him a candle and three incense sticks. He watched her and copied her as she lit the candles and incense sticks, placed them before the Buddha, and sat for a while with her eyes closed and hands together in prayer. Then she touched his arm and beckoned him to bring a jug of water that sat next to the candles. She poured some water into two small silver pots, then she touched his arm again. He helped her to her feet, and together, they walked outside with the two pots.
Kneeling once again, he copied her as she poured the water steadily, drop by drop, onto the grass while whispering something as she poured. Then she looked up at him with shining dark eyes set in a brown and deeply line face, her hair being neat and silvery white. She pointed at the wet ground. “Meh and Pah,” she whispered, and Cass understood. 
That short but simple ceremony was to remember and give thanks, and so Cass, without a father, looked at the wet grass and thought, instead, about his mother and his grandmother. And the old lady smiled and nodded. “Good, good.” 
He helped her to her feet and walked her back to the kitchen, wondering once more what his mother thought. 
Did she really believe he joined a terrorist group like ISIL? After all, it was not unusual for young men to disappear and die on some godforsaken battlefield somewhere. Would she have sympathised, or would she have condemned him? Perhaps his grandmother had done her old-fashioned best to make matters worse. 
“Mava vivahara. I always said he was a bad boy.” 
Or maybe she was proud now. Cass didn’t know what to think any more. And, if he’d been officially classified as a wanted terrorist, what then?
But there was something else now that increased his confusion. It was the feeling that, at last, something good was in the air. It was the silence, the colours of the temple buildings, and the deep green of the forest. It was the simple innocence of chickens scratching in the dirt, the stillness of the air, the song of unseen birds, and the sight of dogs lazing beneath trees. It was the large but friendly Vietnamese pig that the women called Chok Dee that roamed the grounds, the flowers that grew in pots, the wind chimes that jingled in the breeze, the temple bells, the chanting, the line of local people who had arrived earlier with flowers and candles, and the contented chattering of the ladies in the kitchen. 
Cass had listened, watched, and felt an inner calmness like a physical presence that he didn’t want to stop. 
Then, as the sun began to sink and the air became cooler, the young monk, Jon, came again. “Come,” he said, “Pa Ajahn Lee.”
Cass found him sitting outside a small wooden bungalow amongst the frangipani trees. Surrounding him was a group of young monks listening to his quiet voice, so Cass waited until they’d finished, and then when they finally dispersed, he approached. The old monk smiled. “You’ve been working hard.” 
Cass nodded. “Thank you for helping me, sir. It has been”—Cass stopped to find the right words—“a good and happy day.” 
The old monk nodded. “But you are still troubled,” he said.
“You told me not to dwell in the past, sir, but to focus my mind on the present.” 
“But I feel something has happened to you, Cass. I think you feel anger and resentment about something. Anger disappears only when the resentment disappears.”
“Yes,” Cass replied. “I am angry with myself, sir.”
“No one will punish you for your anger. It is the anger itself that will punish you.”
Cass thought about that. “I was stupid, sir. I was naïve. And I paid for it.”
“You are young. Mistakes are allowed. Acknowledge them. Understand the reasons for making them and then move forward. Learn from them.”
Cass nodded but looked down. “Yes, sir.”
The old monk closed his eyes as Cass, sitting cross-legged at his feet just like the young monks had earlier, looked at him, almost pleading to be asked what had happened. Slowly, Ajahn Lee opened his eyes and pointed towards the sky. 
“I travel,” he said. “I am a wanderer, but I am known. To be known and to be welcomed is comforting.” He paused. 
“Whenever I am here,” he went on, “I follow a path into the hills. There are animals and birds and butterflies and a stream of clear water. On a good day, there is a clear view from the top. At evening time, like now, the moon rises over the sea to the east. Would you join me?”
And so, Cass walked with the old monk to the top of a hill, and as a glorious full moon rose above the distant sea to the east, Cass talked. For the first time in two years, he described his last two years to someone who listened. And then, as darkness set in, he followed the old monk’s torchlight back down to the temple and slept. 

***

On Cass’s second day at the temple, Jon asked if he would like to visit the old town after evening prayers. He eagerly accepted. 
He changed his sweaty paint-splattered shirt for one he’d washed earlier, and he joined Jon in a tuk-tuk with two other young monks, Kek and Yow. During the journey, he asked Jon about Ajahn Lee.
“He is famous,” Jon explained. “He follows the practices of another monk, Ajahn Chah, in the forest tradition of travel and classical meditation. We’re honoured to have Pa Ajahn Lee here. In the evenings, he often walks the jungle pathway to the big rock at the top of the hill. We saw you walk with him last night.” 
“He wanted me to talk,” Cass said. “And I was happy to talk.”
“It is good to talk, to explain your thoughts, your feelings to someone who listens. Listening is understanding. Buddhism is a way of life.”
“So is Islam or Christianity.”
Jon nodded. “But Buddhism does not believe in a personal God or a divine being like Allah. Buddhist people are often very superstitious. They fear or honour ghosts and spirits plucked from their imagination, and they seek ways to ensure good luck through respecting images of the Buddha. That is a simple, easy way. The harder way aims to awaken inner consciousness just as the Buddha did. It does not offer redemption or forgiveness or a reward or even a final judgment to those who live by rules. In pure Buddhism, there is no final reward of a heaven or a paradise.”
Cass was puzzled. “So what does it offer?”
“It offers a way to live your life, not to be a follower, a disciple, or a leader but to be yourself, to understand and overcome fear of suffering and death and become part of the world around you—here and now.”
Cass thought about that. “Ajahn Lee told me not to dwell in the past or the future,” he said. “He told me to concentrate my mind on the present moment.”
“That is right,” Jon replied. “Learn from the past but also learn from the teachings and the sayings of the Buddha. Examine yourself but also forget yourself and become part of the world around you. To be enlightened is to surrender your own body and mind to the inevitable.”
Cass was puzzled. “What is the inevitable?” he asked.
“To die, of course,” Jon said. 
The tuk-tuk rumbled on getting closer to the town. It was dark now, but the streets were busy, and a smell of food was in the sir. 
“So are you Christian?” Jon suddenly asked.
That surprised Cass. Had Ajahn Lee not told anyone he was Moslem? 
“I don’t know what I am,” Cass replied honestly. “I’m supposed to be a Moslem.”
“It doesn’t matter,” Jon replied distractedly, seemingly more interested in the goings on in the street. Then he turned to look at Cass. “You know, the Buddha searched for understanding, to make sense of the world and the suffering that goes with being alive. I think he would still be searching. Understanding Buddhism is complicated. There are many stories, but there is no book of rules, no ten commandments. It is hard to understand because life itself is hard to understand. But that is what makes it so rewarding. 
“Christianity and Islam are very similar. Both believe in one all-powerful god. Jesus Christ is said to be the son of God who walked the earth and someday will return. To me, that is like a threat. Muslims say Christ was only a prophet, a messenger from God, but that Mohammed was the last prophet and recorded the word of God in the Quran. 
“Christianity and Islam have a lot more in common than most people realise, but both religions teach fear of God as a threat to be good while you live. Jesus Christ is said to offer a solution, a way to live. ‘I am the God,’ he said ‘Look to me and be saved. I am the God, and there is no other.’ 
“But when the Buddha was dying, they asked him, ‘Who is your successor? What are your instructions?’ And the Buddha said, ‘There is no successor. I have no instructions. After my death, each of you must work it out for yourselves.’”
Cass liked that. “He was right,” he said, “It’s all a big mess.”
“We are supposed to be intelligent, Cass. We are scientists, builders, farmers, inventors, artists, and masters of technology, but we still do not understand the universe of which we are part.”
“Yes,” Cass agreed, grateful once more for the feeling that he was not alone.
The tuk-tuk stopped, and Jon pointed. “This is what you wanted to see, yes? Wat Phra Mahathat Vihan, the most important temple of Southern Thailand, built at the time of the founding of the city.” 


***

They were there for an hour, but Cass could have stayed longer. He wanted to know more, to study it, to understand it, to appreciate the different nationalities, beliefs, and ways of life of those who had come and then gone and who’d built the city from just a small fishing village to what it was now. That was, after all, why he had once wanted to visit Istanbul. He stood looking up at the golden pinnacle of the chedi bathed in spotlights. 
This was where Cass wanted his learning, his education, and his understanding to begin. But he could hear Jon calling him. “Come. We must return.”
All four of them—three monks in orange robes and flip-flops and Cass in faded blue jeans and sneakers—climbed back into the tuk-tuk as stall holders, pedestrians, and motorcyclists watched and a crowd of tourists boarded a minibus. Everyone, it seemed to Cass, was watching them. 
And that was when Cass saw the man.
He was standing, smoking a cigarette outside a 7-Eleven store, and was looking straight at him. It was his headgear that Cass first noticed. The man was Afghan. After working with passport photos for two years, some stuck in Cass’s memory more than others. He was sure he’d put this man’s photo in an Afghan passport. There were a few other men wearing kufis but only one wearing a traditional wool Afghan paku. Did this man want to be recognised? And was he really Afghan or Pakistani?
Cass chanced another quick look, and as he did so, their eyes met, and the man took a phone from his pocket. He put it to his ear and spoke into it for just a moment and then turned to snap the tuk-tuk as it passed within just a few metres. The next brief eye contact made Cass’s stomach muscles contract. 
Jon noticed. “What’s the problem?” he asked, but Cass didn’t reply. 
He’d just placed the man to the Abdel Aziz Mountains near Al-Hasakah in Northern Syria. It was this man who’d walked with him to give the package to Kett and then joined Kett at the back seat of the Toyota truck before it was driven away. If Cass’s memory served him correct, the man now standing outside the 7-Eleven at the centre of Nakhon Si Thammarat held a passport in the name of Zakria Khan—another Khan. 
“We are well organised, Qasim Siddiqui. Allah yusallmak. Someone will be watching.”
“Is something wrong?” Jon repeated. 
“I need to phone home,” Cass said.
“But you don’t have a phone, Cass. In fact, you don’t have much at all. But I’ve got a spare one,” Jon said. “It’s old, and it’s got some credit left, but I’d be glad to give it to you.”
Cass didn’t sleep that night. He just lay holding onto the phone that Jon had given him and wondering what to do. For a Moslem extremist, there was little worse than another Moslem sheltering in a Buddhist temple. 
During the hot and humid night, a short-lived storm with heavy rain, thunder, and lightning passed, and the only sound afterwards was a chorus of frogs outside. Cass was grateful for the gong and voices at 5:00 a.m. as the monks began moving around. He went outside and sat on the steps. 
The storm had cooled things, and the temple grounds were muddy. A dog barked, and a cockerel crowed as Cass then walked towards the yellow light that shone through the open door of the temple. 
From the doorway, he could see the monks sitting in line in total silence with their eyes closed. Ajahn Lee was on the left closest to the big Buddha statue. He counted them. There were twenty-one monks arranged in ages from the oldest, who walked slowly with a stick closest to Ajahn Lee, to the youngest, who was a boy of about twelve at the far end. Somewhere in the middle sat Jon, Kek, and Pa Yow.
The silence continued for several more minutes until Ajahn Lee spoke. The other monks stirred, opened their eyes, and adjusted their robes. Then, led again by Ajahn Lee, the chanting began. 
Cass had asked Jon what the words in Buddhist chanting meant.
“It is in praise of Buddha,” he’d replied, “to remind us that it was the Buddha who first understood the deep insight into life that we call enlightenment and which means accepting all types of suffering—mental and physical—as natural. Enlightenment means overcoming the dissatisfaction that besets all humans and which, in turn, leads into conflict not just within ourselves but with others.”
“Into wars?” Cass had asked.
“Taken to its extreme, yes. But I am still learning. Even the Buddha said he was still learning. Understanding life is a long process. Understanding wars might take even longer.”
“Is there a Buddhist Koran or bible I could read?”
“There are many stories, but the Buddha did not claim to be the mouthpiece of an all-powerful God. He was a man who asked questions and strived for answers—a bit like you.”
“Is there anything in English that I can read?”
Jon thought about that. “Yes,” he said. “There is one thing. Ajahn Lee once taught us a morning prayer in English. We all liked it, so Pa Yow painted the words on the wall.”
From the temple doorway, Cass watched and listened. 
The deep baritone of Ajahn Lee, as he half-spoke, half-sung the words in just two notes, filled the temple, but it was the combined voices of the monks repeating his words that stirred something in Cass’s heart and made him turn to read the words painted on the wall next to him.
Lord, in the silence of this new day, I ask for peace, wisdom, and strength. Today, I want to look at the world with eyes of love. Help me to be patient, understanding, humble, gentle, and good. Please let me see others as you see them. That I may look on past experiences and appreciate the goodness in everyone. Close my ears to all the gossip, and save my tongue from speaking evil of others. Please let only the thoughts that bless remain in me. Today, I want to be well-intentioned and fair that everyone who comes to me might feel your presence. Clothe me in your kindness so that, through this day, I become a reflection of you.
Was this Buddhist? 
It could just as easily have been Christian or Muslim or Hindu or Jewish. So why was there so much fighting in the world? 
Cass slumped to the floor once again with his back to the wall, and as he sat, surrounded by the early-morning darkness lit only by the candles burning inside the temple, he began to quietly sing that simple song from his childhood. 
“I am a Moslem in the things I say / in everything I do every day. / Al hamd’allah, Isbilllah, I am a Moslem and this I know / I need to eat so I may grow / When we eat, we say bismillah, / when we’re full we say Al hamd’allah.”
Tears were running down his face when he realised the chanting had stopped and a hand was resting on his shoulder. 
“Never be ashamed of tears,” Ajahn Lee said, settling beside him. “What is wrong today?”
“I am afraid, sir.”
“More than yesterday?”
“Yes, sir.”
“Today is a new day. The dawn has not even broken. Do you plan to be afraid for all of today?”
“Nothing has ever seemed planned in my life, sir.”
“What happened yesterday?”
“They know I’m here, sir.”
The old monk touched his arm and then held it. “How do you know?”
“I saw someone, sir. In the town. I am worried they will come here.”
Ajahn Lee said nothing for a while. “Fear is like a shadow, Cass. It will follow you until you conquer it.”
“But how can I conquer this?”
“To remove a shadow, you shine a light on it.”
“But I do not have a light. I have little more than a toothbrush.”
“And a phone.”
“True, sir. Jon was very kind.”
“Then do not just sit there thinking about it. Use it.”
Cass sprung to his feet, helped pull the old monk up, and then stood looking at his calm face and the eyes that reflected candlelight and plain common sense. Perhaps, Cass decided, Ajahn Lee’s eyes were the source of light that would remove the shadows.
“Is there anything else today, Cass?” 
“How do I become a Buddhist, sir?”
“Start now. There are no papers to sign, and there is no membership fee.”

CHAPTER 24
With a wave of my hand and an absurdly flippant “I’ll see you around,” I’d left James standing there. He watched me go. 
Perhaps he also shook his head at my stupidity as I followed the track around the lake, but I’d never let darkness bother me before. The difference is that North London doesn’t have swarms of mosquitoes or thick jungle.
As the track moved into the trees and the darkness surrounded me like a blanket, so did the insects. They whined in my ears and nipped at my face, arms, and legs, and every step I made sent a throb through a blood vessel in my left temple. But, of course, I’m a physician who specialises in the effects of dehydration as well as a council trash collector.
Don’t worry. Drink plenty of fluids. The road is this way. See the lights ahead? As soon as you’ve had a drink and recharged, you can post messages to friends and family back home. What family? What friends? Well, workmates then. Workmates who enjoy reading humorous texts and descriptive messages like “Mozzies the size of jet fighters” or “Bites on my neck worse than anything Sandra gives.” Don’t worry. You’ll have them in stitches.
The trouble was that, when I eventually looked up, the lights had disappeared because the track had turned the other way. So I stopped walking and wondered if it was a good time to take off my shirt and wring out the sweat. 
I couldn’t speak because my throat was too dry. Everything else was sopping wet, and a voice in my ear told me to turn around and go back, but the darkness was complete. Edmonton was never as dark as this even during a power cut in December. And, anyway, I had no idea which way to go. I know every side street and every pothole within walking distance of Coolie’s place, but here I couldn’t even see my hand in front of my face. I could feel the ground beneath my feet, but I couldn’t see it. I reached out to touch something, anything, and found branches and leaves. Even the stars had gone hidden by overhanging trees. 
Have you ever felt a primeval fear running through your veins? It was like God had turned the lights off, turned the thermostat up to maximum, and walked away.
There was only word left to mutter as I stood there, feeling I’d suddenly gone blind. “Fuck!” I dared to not even sit down because I was unsure what lay amongst the foliage at my feet. So I just stood there, staring into the blackness. 
It felt like an hour, though perhaps it was only minutes later that I saw a beam of light coming and going, rising and falling, picking out treetops, and sometimes pointing in my general direction. But I stood petrified, oozing with sweat and wondering if this was the giant scorpion with the megawatt light on its tail, I once saw on one of Coolie’s videos. And it knew my name. “Kurt,” it called amongst the cracking of undergrowth.
No words were spoken when James arrived. He just shone the torch into my sweaty, terrified face. Then I followed his torchlit orange trousers back through the trees and onto the road. Even then, he seemed to find some clever final words. 
“We have reached the crossroads, Kurt,” he said. “We can choose to go left, right, or straight on, but whichever way we go, we will always arrive back where we started.”
I didn’t have the energy to match such deeply philosophic observations, so I just looked at him like a badly behaved seven-year-old.
“How long are you staying around here?” he asked, but I couldn’t even give an accurate answer to that. 
“A few days, maybe.” 
He flicked a dirty thumbnail back the way we’d just come. “Meet me tomorrow afternoon by the lake.” 

CHAPTER 25
“The battle to overcome obstacles is part of living, Cass. Overcome fear through your own courage.”
Cass was still talking to Ajahn Lee on the steps of the temple. “I do not understand enough, sir. Sometimes I think I know nothing at all.”
“Understanding is not sudden like a bolt of lightning. Understanding is gradual. The long road to understanding is like a sandy beach, a gradual slope that may go on for many miles until the sudden drop into the deep ocean. It’s self-discipline—dhamma-vinaya. It is self-training and slow progression, with the final understanding coming only after a long stretch. 
“Dhamma is the truth about the way things really are. The natural principles that govern existence: life and death. To study the dhamma is dhamma-savana and to contemplate dhamma is dhamma-vicaya. There is so much to learn, Cass.”
Cass nodded. “I need to go home, sir. But I’m afraid they will find me first, maybe kill me or take me back.” 
“You have already made one brave step, so take another. There is an old Japanese story about a snail who was trying to climb Mount Fuji. He was very slow, and the mountain was very high. But he knew that if he persevered, he could make it. Remember the snail, Cass.”
“But did the snail die before he reached the top?” Cass asked.
Ajahn Lee smiled. “Perhaps. I don’t know. It’s a very old story, so he’s probably dead from old age now. The important thing to remember is that his story is still alive.”
“I don’t want to die just yet, sir.”
“Nor me,” Ajahn Lee admitted. “But death is only the ending of one life. The end of one life means the beginning of others. The Christian words ‘Ashes to ashes, dust to dust’ is accurate enough to a point, but it is then spoiled by discussions about a soul departing and a God that sits in judgement and hands out tickets to a better or a worse afterlife. Buddhists talk of reincarnation, and those that don’t understand think Buddhists expect to come back as animals like dogs or cats or crocodiles, but what we mean is that matter is never destroyed. So, upon death, the body breaks down and is reconstituted in other forms.”
Cass nodded. He’d never looked on it like that. But it seemed far more likely than the Imam’s explanation of angels and virgins. 
“Buddhism is a way of life, Cass. Its aim is not to indoctrinate or persuade. It is like a bee that collects nectar and departs without harming the flower or its colour or its perfume. The Buddha was once asked what he had gained from sitting and thinking and apparently doing nothing for so long—meditating as we now call it. His reply was ‘It is not what I have gained but what I have lost. I have lost anger, anxiety, depression, insecurity, fear of old age, sickness, and death.’ Do you understand that, Cass?”
“Yes.” 
“I am constantly on the move,” Ajahn Lee said. “Like me, you must also move on. Watch, think, remember, and learn but do not forget.” 
He stood up. “Come with me,” he said, and Cass followed him across the temple grounds to his bungalow. “Wait here.” He was gone for such a long time that Cass wondered if he’d forgotten him, but finally, he emerged with a bag. Again, he took time to settle cross-legged on the ground. 
Then he looked at Cass, nodded, and in his quiet, calm way, said, “Help will come through your own courage, Cass, but everyone must listen to advice. Here is my advice to you. At the first gong tomorrow, leave the temple. Head north towards Bangkok. Travel on foot or by the generosity of others. In Bangkok, go to your embassy and explain your situation. In this bag is a letter. It is written in Thai and signed by me and requests the Ajahn in charge of any temple you pass to help you.”
Cass took a deep breath. “Thank you, sir,” he said, and just as he’d seen others do, he went onto his knees, bowed three times at the feet of Ajahn Lee, and stood. 
“Remember,” Ajahn Lee said, “the way forward is not written in the sky but in your heart.”
So Cass returned to his hut to call Kevin on Jon’s phone and to wait for the first gong of sunrise. 

CHAPTER 26
Silvia Welbeck was not how Roger had imagined. 
Kevin’s mother looked older, greyer, paler, thinner. Her hair was tied back in a ponytail, and she wore a thick knitted cardigan over a pair of faded blue jeans that were too large for her. As Kevin stood aside, she held out a small cold hand, and Roger grasped it. “Roger Smith,” he said, snatching off his beanie and hiding it behind his back.” 
“Come in,” she said. “Kevin told me about you earlier.” 
The place was small. The front door opened straight into a living room with an old sofa, a wooden table, and two chairs on a worn carpet. A small transistor radio and a CD player stood on a simple white crocheted mat on a chest of drawers. But it was the music coming from it that struck Roger. 
“Frederick Delius,” he said. “Brigg Fair.”
“You like it?” Silvia Welbeck asked, obviously delighted. She held Kevin’s hand as Roger picked up the CD cover. 
“I like English pastoral music,” Roger said, putting his knitted beanie next to the radio. “George Butterworth, Ralph Vaughan Williams. I listen to them as I drive.”
“Kevin said you are a truck driver.”
“And a rescue service for drivers of cars that should never be on the road.”
Silvia looked at Kevin. “That old car should have been scrapped. I warned Kevin.”
Roger shrugged. “Nevertheless, I’m glad I met him. Despite everything, I’ve actually enjoyed his company.” He punched Kevin’s shoulder. 
Silvia Welbeck smiled. “He’s not a bad boy, Mr. Smith. Would you like a cup of tea?”
Roger accepted, and Silvia went to the kitchen. Roger tried to follow, but it was smaller than the cab of the truck, so he backed out. “It’s very compact,” Silvia apologised, “which is why Kevin wasn’t allowed to join me here. Single person accommodation. Housing regulations, you know?” 
“Which is why he lives in the attic over Faisal World Travel.”
“I call them the mafia, Mr. Smith. Not to their faces, of course.”
“Call me Roger—Kevin does.” From the doorway, he watched Silvia drop tea bags into three mugs. “I’ve been trying to understand things,” he continued before deciding to quickly drop the bombshell. “It didn’t help seeing fake or stolen passports and detonators in the parcel Kevin collected from Edinburgh.”
Silvia, who was pouring boiling water into the mugs, almost dropped the kettle. 
“Oh my god,” she said. “Oh my god, Kevin. Edinburgh? That’s hundreds of miles. Why didn’t you tell me?”
“My fault,” Roger said quickly. “I told him to wait until I met you.”
“Oh my god.” Silvia’s hands shook. She brushed her face, exhaled, left the tea in the kitchen, pushed past Roger, and flopped onto the sofa next to Kevin. Kevin put his arm around her shoulders. “Don’t get upset, mum. Listen to Roger.”
Roger took one of the hard-backed chairs and leaned forwards. “You can trust me, Silvia,” he said. “But why can’t you trust the police to do something? Kevin has told me a lot, but I don’t think he understands everything. He’s a young man now, Silvia.”
She took a deep breath. “I know. I seem to forget that. It’s just that . . .” Tears welled up in her eyes, and Kevin looked helplessly at Roger.
“Finish making the tea, Kevin,” Roger commanded. “Don’t forget my two sugars.”
Kevin went to the kitchen, and Roger leaned towards Silvia and whispered to her. “Why I didn’t just call the police or abandon him to his fate, I don’t know, Silvia, but I took a liking to him. I trust him.” 
“He’s not a bad boy, Mr. Smith . . . Roger.”
Roger then described everything from his first sight of Kevin standing in the snow while waving his arms, their meeting with Hamish, the opening of the package, and Kevin’s emotional outburst after calling Mr. Khan. In between, Kevin returned with the mugs of tea and put them on the floor. “Interrupt me only if I get something wrong, Kevin,” Roger instructed.
Kevin nodded, and Roger continued. He explained his understanding that Silvia was raised as a Christian in Pakistan and had been an aid worker, that Kevin’s father was a Moslem and was a Pakistani, that she had returned to England to give birth to Kevin, that there was disagreement between her and Kevin’s father over Kevin’s name and her refusal to convert to Islam, that Kevin’s father boasted of being a member of the Taliban who had known Osama Bin Laden, and that he often returned to UK under different names and different guises. “Is all that true?” he checked. 
Silvia had been sitting hunched up on the sofa, as if she didn’t want to hear what was being said, but she nodded. 
“Kevin says that when his father is here, you are harassed and threatened. You are also often threatened when he’s not here. Is that also true?” 
“Yes. Not only when he’s not here.”
“And Kevin thinks his father still has links with terrorist groups in the Middle East.”
“Mum,” Kevin interrupted, “explain to Roger. Explain to me. I need to know everything. How does Khan fit into all this? Why does he use me?”
Silvia grabbed Kevin’s hand. “When does he use you?”
“All the time.”
“Oh, my poor baby,” Silvia said, and she hugged him. 
Roger detected embarrassment in Kevin at being called a baby by the sideways look he gave him, but he disguised it well and went on. “Do you remember my friend Cass? I haven’t heard from him for two years, but he phoned today. Cass was abducted in Turkey, Mum. He’s . . .” 
Suddenly, Kevin found he had so much to say, and he didn’t know where to start. “It’s Khan, Mum. Cass was forced to work with Khan’s friends in Turkey. Forging passports. He was then in Syria. He got caught up in all that ISIL stuff and nearly died. He was forced into it, but he’s just escaped. He’s in Thailand.”
It was disjointed but no worse than what he’d gleaned from Cass’s call using Jon’s phone.
Silvia sat up straight. “What are you saying? I remember Cass. He was your best friend. He lived a few doors along in Shipley Street with his mother and grandmother.”
“That’s him, mum. He was forced to join a terrorist group.”
Silvia put her hands over her face, and Roger heard her sob. “Oh god. No one ever listened. It’s still going on.”
Roger knelt down and touched Silvia’s shoulder. “Silvia,” he said. “What happened when you spoke to the police and the security people?”
The hands came from her face, and she looked at him almost angrily. “Fifteen years ago. Twelve years ago. Ten years ago. Five years ago. A year ago.”
“And what happens?”
“Nothing. They listen. I try to explain. They say they will look into things Then, because it makes me upset, they shake their heads and go away. They call social services who say I’m an obsessive. I’m a neurotic. I don’t know what they think, but I know they do nothing because, or so it seems to me, they don’t want to. They don’t want to upset the community. It’s sensitive. It’s politics. There was a lot of resistance once when the police started asking questions and entered the mosque. They came with search warrants, and there was a street demonstration. Khan’s threats also increased. We were evicted from Shipley Street. The local council leader is Mohammed Basra, an Iraqi Moslem and close friend of the Khans. He was behind the demonstration claiming religious and racial discrimination. But no one, Roger, feels it’s sensitive or discriminatory to check my medical records and see that I’m supposed to be delusional and irrational and filled with crazy conspiracy theories. My medical records suggest I’m paranoid.” 
“But you’re not,” Roger said. 
“Oh no,” she said defiantly. “Let me try to explain. Kevin’s father uses many different names and passports. After twenty years, I still don’t know his birth name, but he is related somehow to Khan who owns Faisal World Travel. They are from the same village or close by. In my opinion, Faisal World Travel is a cover. That is why I call them the mafia. There are many so-called sons, daughters, brothers, and cousins and not just around here. They are scattered. Khan owns many properties. He owned the house on Shipley Street. There was no rental agreement even though I asked for one, so he evicted us. He also owned the house that Cass’s mum and grandmother lived in.”
Roger stopped her. “Where are Cass’s mum and grandmother now?”
“They are not here. I heard they returned to Pakistan. In which case, Khan probably fixed it.”
“You see, Roger?” Kevin said. “Cass knows nothing about that.” He looked at his mother. “Do you know one called Wazir Khan?”
His mother sighed. “Kevin, my love, there are too many. There are thousands of Khans.”
“Wazir Khan was the one who gave me the parcel in Edinburgh. Cass met a Wazir Khan in Turkey.”
“It could be the same one, but—” 
Roger stood up. “Tell me if I’m being intrusive, Silvia, but explain more about Kevin’s father.”
Kevin looked expectantly at his mother. “It is not intrusive,” she said, touching Kevin’s hand. “One of the many names Kevin’s father uses is Khokhar. Kevin’s birth certificate shows his name as Kareem Khokhar, but I’ve always called him Kevin.”
Roger interrupted. “But your husband, Kevin’s father, is—”
“He is not my husband, Roger,” Silvia said. Her eyes were shining with anger. “But he is Kevin’s father.”
Kevin looked at Roger, as if to remind him of his suspicions, but there was no need. Roger remembered exactly what he’d said, “I think she was raped.” 
They were silent for a while. 
“Where’s the terrorism link?” Roger asked. “What, for instance, might have happened to the fake passports that Kevin delivered to Khan this morning? What’s going on around here, Silvia?”
“They have probably disappeared into the community, Roger. Kevin is the one who would have got into trouble if something went wrong. Khan would deny everything and rely on Mohamed Basra and others for protection.”
She took a sip of tea and brushed strands of hair back. “You want the full story?”
It was Kevin who nodded.
“I first met Kevin’s father in a hospital in Northern Pakistan. He had been injured, not seriously, but he was brought in wearing the uniform of a Pakistani army general. His papers said he was General Shah Massoud, but while he was under anaesthetic, I discovered other papers and two Afghan passports naming him as Abdul Rahim and Mohammad Mohaqik.” Silvia almost smiled. “He arrived here once in a suit and tie with an Italian passport—Pascale Marinello. Can you believe that? But what can I do? I’m powerless. 
“It seems to me that the security people, MI6 and the CIA, find it impossible to keep track of people like that. At the time leading up to Osama Bin Laden’s al-Qaeda, the political situation in Afghanistan and Pakistan was incredibly complicated. Let us not forget that, around that time, the CIA and Saudi Arabia were giving military aid to the Afghan mujahedeen, and the Pakistani armed forces were actively supporting the Taliban. It was a political and military nightmare. I know because I lived there. I was born there. I learned to speak and write Urdu and Punjabi. My father was an oil worker. My mother was a nurse, and I helped the wounded. Pakistan is an overpopulated mess, Roger. Many of its people are skilled and peace-loving, but many more live in abject poverty, often relying on support from family living abroad like here. It’s a breeding ground for terrorism. Nevertheless, I had good Pakistani friends who I left behind because I fell pregnant.
“I came here to have Kevin. His father followed me. He’d already found us the house in Shipley Street, but he wanted me to return to Pakistan, for Kevin and me to become Moslem. I refused. There were problems. I was threatened not just by him but by others including Khan at Faisal World Travel. Since then, they have constantly hassled me and threatened me by saying things will happen to me or Kevin.”
They sat without speaking for a while. Roger was trying to digest it; Kevin was trying to unravel it. Silvia, on the other hand, was nervously twisting and untwisting the sleeve of her cardigan, one minute looking at Roger, then at Kevin, and then at the floor. 
“So,” she said eventually, defeatedly while holding her hands out. “Here we are. What can you do, Roger? Your tea has gone cold.” 
Roger didn’t answer because she’d just asked the obvious question. What could he do? He was just a truck driver who just happened to be passing by when this woman’s son waved him down for help. Instead of minding his own business, he’d got involved. Instead of backing off and leaving the boy to solve his own problems, he’d assumed a sort of fatherly responsibility, which he now felt reluctant to relinquish. Even more worrying was that Kevin seemed to be relying on him to help.
“How has Khan managed to acquire so much property?” Roger asked. “I wandered past the travel agency today. It’s shabby. It was shut. Anyone passing would think it’s closed for good.” 
Silvia shrugged. “I can hazard a guess.”
“Go ahead—hazard.”
“It’ll be the same guess I offered the police, but of course, they prefer to say I’m paranoid.”
“What was the guess?”
“That it’s not the front of the shop, Roger. It’s what lies at the back. They visibly shudder at the suggestion that there is something sinister or illegal going on behind the scenes.
“I’ve never suggested that every Pakistani on Park Road is guilty, and I’m certainly not racist, which is what they imply. Unlike those who’ve come here and drawn conclusions about my health and my sanity, I’ve actually lived and worked amongst Pakistanis and Afghans. I’ve spent time in India, Iran, Tajikistan, and Kyrgyzstan. I had many good and honest friends, many of whom I still remember and miss deeply, but criminals exist within every community in every country. They come in every size, shape, colour, and religious conviction. 
“We all know about Italian, Chinese, and Russian mafia and South American drug barons. We know that Eastern Europeans run rackets like people smuggling or petty street crime like muggings and pick pocketing, and we all know that criminality amongst the so-called black community is endemic with family breakdowns being the main cause. Look at your two friends, Winston and Kurt, who also lived in Shipley Street, Kevin. Nice boys, but where was the family structure? But one word out of place these days against certain parts of our society and you’re branded forever as a racist or some other new-fangled term. 
“But the worst and the most blatant discrimination is when, despite evidence, law enforcement bodies back away from criminal investigations just because someone in a community says it will cause racial or ethnic tensions to issue a search warrant. 
“Surely, the law is the law. Like it or not, we must all obey it. Come here to live and you live by the law of the land. Is that not reasonable? But that is not what someone like Councillor Mohamed Basra, who gets voted on every few years, thinks.” 
Roger found himself nodding in full agreement as Silvia took a deep breath before continuing. 
“Businesses like Khan’s travel agency and other local backstreet businesses not just around here look innocent. But amongst the pawn shops, money lenders, clothes and ethnic food shops, life does not always change very much. Integration is slow. The old ways continue and often pass to the younger generations who do not understand. In some areas, they go to school and still mix with their own culture. And terrorism is not necessarily discouraged. Quite the opposite, in fact. If you check some of Mohamed Basra’s past comments, you will see that that is precisely what he supports. 
“Simple day-to-day frustrations with life that could be countered with teaching tolerance are, instead, exploited and built on to generate deep anger. Anyone showing signs of being a suitable recruit is encouraged. They exploit the vulnerable. They think I’m vulnerable, that Kevin is vulnerable. Khan probably saw Cass as vulnerable, as innocent, easy picking for which someone else would be grateful and would return the favour. 
“And it’s not just boys. They’re not choosy. There’s a high demand for poor vulnerable girls. But yet again, social services don’t want to be involved in case they’re accused of discrimination, and so the police walk on by. They’re all too busy. Hearsay is not enough they say, and they’re more than happy when things go quiet again. And why does it all go quiet? It’s because accusers like me get nervous. We feel powerless. We feel vulnerable.”
For a moment, she slumped in the chair. “I don’t know,” she said wearily, but then she sat up again and grasped Kevin’s hand. 
“Cass looks like a victim to me,” she said. “It is not unknown for young men around here to go home to see family and not return. Someone organises it. And how easy is that for a backstreet travel agent? I’m sure they’d like to get Kevin out because they think I’d follow. They still think I’m a danger because I’ve spoken out. I know too much, you see, but they have their weak points. And one weak point is actually Kevin’s father. He plays the big shot, you know what I mean? People round here like people who brag because they don’t realise it’s bragging. They believe that someone who arrives in Park Road in a rented Mercedes, saying he’s a wealthy businessman who travels a lot, must be a wealthy businessman who travels a lot or how could he afford a new Mercedes.” 
“I hate him,” Kevin suddenly said.
Roger grabbed his arm. “Hatred doesn’t solve problems, Kevin. What does he brag about?” 
Silvia paused, as if selecting an example. Then she said, “He turned up once at the house in Shipley Street when Kevin was at school. Smart suit, haircut, the big shot businessman. It was the usual scene—shouting, arguments, and threats—though he’d always hold back on physical assault in case I ended up in hospital. But he loved to brag. He told me I’d always be poor. He’d make sure of that. But if I’d obeyed him and converted, I’d be living in luxury in Islamabad. To prove it, he threw a bank deposit receipt at me. It was for fifty thousand dollars courtesy of Faisal World Travel. ‘See? Business is good,’ he boasted. I’ve still got that receipt. When he threw it, it landed behind the cooker, and he left without it.”
“Did you show it to the police?”
“Why bother? They’d never investigate it anyway. Why should they? It looked like any receipt you’d get for depositing a week’s takings. It’s inner city, Moslem and a mixed ethnic community. It’s sensitive. Got to be careful. Mustn’t upset the natives.”
Roger looked at her. That last phrase hadn’t sounded like paranoia but more like well-founded sarcasm. 
“A no-go area?” he asked.
“Not exactly no go,” Silvia said, “but interference in local affairs is frowned on. Mohamed Basra and a few friends would jump up and down so much they’d all back off.”
They fell into another silence, interrupted only by the sound of a bus pulling up at the bus stop outside. Kevin was looking from his mother to Roger and back. Silvia abandoned the twisting of the cuff of her cardigan and sighed. “I don’t know what anyone can do, Roger, but thank you for rescuing Kevin.”
Roger shrugged, as if to say it was nothing, but something was badly wrong here. The more he heard, the more he wanted to do something to help, and he’d long planned to take a few days off work. There was someone else he also wanted to check out: Mr. Greg. 
He thought about it for a moment and then said, “Kevin, why didn’t you remind me? I left something on the doorstep. Go fetch it.” 
Kevin came back holding something behind his back. “It’s for you,” he said to his mother, holding out a colourful bouquet of fresh flowers tied with ribbon. “It’s from both of us.”
Silvia was clearly touched. She kissed and hugged Kevin, and Roger thought she might kiss him as well, but he was already edging to the door. 
Once outside, he scanned the line of closed doors, Silvia’s neighbours, and he asked her if she ever got away from here even for a few days.
“Never. I’d prefer to work, Roger. Maybe I will someday. I tried but Kevin was at school, and my health suffered for years. Paranoid personality disorder (PPD) is what they like to call it, but they forget I’m a trained nurse. PPD is imagined fear. I don’t imagine anything.” 
They said goodbye, waited for Silvia to close and lock the door, and then walked away to find the car Roger had borrowed from Mick Edgeley Transport.
“What do we do now, Roger?” Kevin asked. It was nine thirty. 
“Sleep,” he said. “Why? What do you suggest?”
“I don’t know. It depends.”
Roger stopped walking, turned, faced him, and held him by the shoulder. 
“Tell me, Kevin. What does it depend on? More importantly, who does it depend on? Let me tell you something, Mr. I Don’t Know. If I was eighteen years old and my mother had just kissed me goodbye after I’d given her a bunch of flowers and I was as mad as hell about what’s been going on around here all these years and I’d watched my mother go through all that trauma since I was wearing a nappy and throwing up my milk and no one seemed to care enough to do something, I’d know exactly what I wanted to do.”
Kevin stared “What?”
“I’d invoke a spirit of determination, Kevin. Know what that is? I’d get off my fat ass, gather some indisputable evidence, and then insist that that great army of law enforcers whose salaries and pensions we all pay for do what they’re paid to do.” 
“Yeh,” Kevin said thoughtfully. “So can you still stick around and help?”
“I thought I already was, but you could always ask me nicely.”
“Then please would you stick around and help, Uncle Roger?”
Roger removed his hand from Kevin’s shoulder. “That’s better. So where do we start, young man? And don’t say you don’t know, or I’m taking Madge straight home to Yeovil where she belongs.”
Kevin sniffed and wiped his cheeks. “Well,” he said, “I think I like Mr. Greg. I can’t believe he’s involved.”
“Well fancy that. What a good idea. And do you know what, Kevin? I feel exactly the same. So what do we do?”
 “Check him out.”
“Agreed. It’ll be the first job in the morning. Anything else?”
“Maybe I should take a look inside Khan’s room behind the shop.”
 “And how will you gain access without him finding you, putting a stick of dynamite up your shirt and detonating it with one of his new detonators?”
“I don’t know.” He paused. “Just yet.”
“Anything else?”
“Ask around. I’ll talk to Bash.”
“Does he run a street gang by any chance?”
“Bash at Bashir’s Oriental Foods.”
“Ah, your employer with the halal butchery.”
“Bash hates Khan.”
“Why?”
“Khan always owes him money, and Bash is Bangladeshi.”
“Do Bangladeshis and Pakistanis tell jokes about each other like the English and the Irish? Don’t answer that. Anyone else you can think of?”
“Winston.”
“Does Winston hate Khan?” 
“Winston has got some Nigerian mates, and they hate the Pakistanis.”
“We don’t want a war, Kevin. Anyone else?”
“Walid. Walid works for Gordon, and Gordon hates Khan.”
“It’s a very rough plan, Kevin, but I feel we’re starting from a rather low level, don’t you? And what exactly do you expect Bash, Winston, and Walid to actually do?”
Kevin sniffed and almost said he didn’t know but, thankfully, Roger spoke first. “Who’s your local member of Parliament?” he asked.
Kevin shrugged. 
“Did you vote at the last election?”
“I wasn’t old enough.”
“Did you know you can use your phone for more than playing battleships or whatever it is your generation does to keep fit? Why not spend what’s left of the evening checking out local history: troubles, scandals, comings and goings, street riots, arrests. Call me in the morning to tell me you know everything that’s happened around Park Road since you gave up milk and moved to solids.”
“I need internet and Wi-Fi.”
Roger took a deep and noisy breath. “Jesus wept. Surely, a streetwise guy like you knows where to find that at night even around Park Road. Meanwhile, Hamish has already fixed your car. It’s still unroadworthy due to the tyres, but you might like to call him to say thanks for everything so far. Who knows, perhaps a phone call might stop him having second thoughts about calling the police.” 
“Yeh,” Kevin said thoughtfully.
“Yeh,” Roger imitated. “And you might like to consider the fact that Hamish was once in the police force.”
“The police?”
“Yeh,” Roger said slowly and deliberately, as if it was unimportant. “He was in the London Metropolitan Police as a matter of fact. He only resigned when his father died, leaving him the farm. Then his wife died. Life can be tough, but people have got interesting backgrounds, Kevin. He knows a bit. He knows people. One call from him and . . . well, I’ll leave you to use what little imagination you’ve got. Go to work, Kevin. The night is young.”
“What are you going to do?”
“An old man needs his beauty sleep.”

***

The only place Kevin knew where he could access free, all-night Wi-Fi was Osman’s Launderette on Brick Street. The laundrette closed at 8:30 p.m., but Kevin had the password, and there was a wall around the back to sit on and where the signal was good enough. 
Walking towards Osman’s, he checked his phone. Walid had left a message earlier, and so, as he walked, Kevin called him back. Before he got to Brick Street, Kevin had changed his mind and, instead, headed to number 9, Shipley Street and Walid’s first-floor bedsitter. He called him again from the road outside, and Walid came down and let him in. 
Upstairs in Walid’s tiny room, they sat on the floor and talked. Walid, ever the good host, even broke open a fresh litre bottle of diet coke. Within an hour, they’d both learned something new. 
Kevin learned about Walid’s passport problem and his suspicions about Khan, and that Gordon was trying to sort it out. 
Walid learned about Kevin’s trip to Scotland, the parcel of forged passports, and was then sworn to secrecy with high fives about Roger and Hamish. 
Then, suddenly finding some long-hidden confidence, Kevin mentioned his mum and that she’d worked in Pakistan and knew a lot about Khan. He was even tempted to mention his father but chickened out at that point because it seemed almost embarrassing. And anyway, Walid had jumped in by mentioning his own mother and how the hospital she worked in had been bombed. 
Kevin had not even told Cass about his father yet, but it felt good to share things with Walid because he seemed to understand the Middle East better. Perhaps he’d say a bit more later. But he ended up saying, “If Khan breaks into your place, then why not break into his, Walid? What do you think? Shall we see what’s in that room at the back of Faisal World Travel?” 
High fives fixed that with details to be discussed later. 
Kevin then moved on to the call from Cass. 
“It was so cool, man. We’d only been discussing him a few hours before and then—BOOM!—the phone rings, and there he was. After two years. He went to Turkey with a parcel for Khan and was abducted and imprisoned and forced to forge passports for ISIL. But he’s just escaped. He’s in a bad way right now, but it all started with Khan.” 
Walid was shocked. “Yalahi,” he said. “Oh my god, Kevs. You mean Khan is like some big mafia boss?”
“Oh definitely. I told you, Walid. Park Road and Shipley Street are some dangerous locations. These streets are run by Pakistani mafia.”
“So where is Cass now, Kevs?” Walid asked.
“Thailand,” Kevin said.
“Thailand?” Walid exclaimed, knocking over their coke bottle and spilling what was left onto the bare floorboards. “Kurt’s in Thailand. He flew there about two days ago. There was a message about mosquitoes the size of American F16 jet fighters. Shall we tell him about Cass?”
They agreed. Things could not be made any worse by involving mates.

CHAPTER 27
It was deep into the night when Cass heard car doors banging and men’s voices. Panic struck. 
He peered through gaps in the dry timbers of the old hut and saw car headlights, two Toyota trucks and a group of police in caps and tight-fitting grey uniforms standing around. Two were on phones. It was the sort of police raid that if it hadn’t been a temple, it might perhaps have been accompanied by red and blue flashing lights and sirens. But to Cass, the reason for this sudden visit was obvious. And if just one of the monks said that a foreign stranger had been staying there, his problems would start all over again. 
He didn’t wait to find out. He pulled his jeans on over his shorts; stuffed all he had, including Jon’s phone, into the shoulder bag Ajahn Lee had given him; pushed that into his backpack; switched off the fan; slipped out of the door; jumped over the side; and ran into the darkness of the trees behind the hut. 
The first few metres were easy. The trees were saplings, the undergrowth thin and the ground flat, and there was some light from the temple grounds. But then the hill began and the trees became thicker and the undergrowth deeper and littered with unseen stones and rocks. With the light from the temple gone, he scrambled upwards, feeling his way on hands and knees with every muscle straining and his heart pounding.
After twenty minutes and unable to continue, he stopped and crouched down, panting, gathering his breath, and rubbing scratched hands and arms. He was just thankful he was wearing jeans. Ahead of him, though, just visible in the starlight above the top of the trees, was an almost sheer rocky cliff. There was no way he could climb that in daylight, let alone at night. His tee shirt had been torn by a branch; the laces on his trainers had come undone and one had snapped. What should he do? 
The answer was easy. Nothing right now. He was too exhausted; it was too dark and too dangerous. All around him, insects, frogs, and other unseen creatures chirped and croaked and flies and mosquitoes whined in his ears. He clambered onto a boulder that might once have fallen from the cliff above and stared up at the night sky, listening to the sounds of the forest. He had a raging thirst, but there was nothing more he could do right now except wait until daybreak.
Was he frightened? Not of where he was. Under different circumstances, it might have been an adventure. What frightened him was what might be going on in the temple below. Would they realise he’d run off into the forest and come looking for him? Did they have police dogs in Thailand? Would they, too, wait until morning? 
He dug into his backpack, pulled out his spare tee shirt, wrapped it around his head to protect it from the swarms of insects, and lay down. Then the bites started. He couldn’t see anything, but ants were everywhere—inside his jeans, his torn tee shirt, and inside the shirt he’d worn around his head. He stood, undressed, shook everything, re-dressed and found another spot away from the ant colony, and sat down again.
He thought about Kevin and worried about his mother. He thought about being caught, interrogated, and imprisoned and thought about Pa Ajahn Lee and what might be happening down below.
“Conquer fear, Cass,” Ajahn had said. “There are so many fears—fear of death, fear of separation from those we love, fear of losing control, fear of commitment, fear of failure, or fear of rejection. The list is never-ending. Fear of that which we cannot avoid, like death itself, is pointless, but fear of things you can overcome is good, so seek solutions from such fear.
“Be positive. When the deer sees the tiger, it does not think about its death. It is only humans who imagine pain, discomfort, and their ultimate death. The deer does not sit and scratch its head and ponder on how it might feel to be eaten alive. The deer has no concept of death as we do. The deer only knows about survival, and so it reacts by instinct.”
“By running away,” Cass had said, and the old monk had laughed.
“But you had planned to escape before you arrived in Malaysia.”
That was true, but Cass hadn’t planned what he’d done earlier. He’d panicked and run like the deer but with good reasons.
He was sure that someone, probably the Afghan, had said something or done something that meant the police were now looking for him. Did the Thai police mount raids just to catch someone who’d only just entered the country through an immigration point and been granted a thirty-day tourist visa? It seemed unlikely. So why?
An hour or so passed before he heard the distant boom of the temple gong.
Were things back to normal? Had the police left? 
Another half hour past with the sky getting lighter when the phone in his bag rang. It was Jon. “Where are you?”
“Have the police gone?”
“Yes. Where are you?”
“On the hillside. Why did the police come?”
Jon explained that a bomb had exploded at a fuel station a few kilometres south. At first, the police had thought it was the Moslem separatist movement, but then someone had posted a photo on Facebook saying this was who had planted the bomb. The photo was of Cass. 
“But we know it wasn’t you,” Jon said. “You were here and with me last night.” 
“It was probably the man I saw, Jon. A set-up.”
Jon remembered. “The police came here to check if we’d seen you. They showed us the photo. It was of you before you shaved—a passport photo. Ajahn Lee told them you’d stayed a short while and left. Then, this morning, he talked to us about fear, about anger, about the cruelty and wrongdoing of others and how we must deal with it through patience, understanding, and determination. 
“And he told a story about a small fish who lived in a sea surrounded by sharks who only wanted to live in peace and to understand the way of the world. We all knew who he was talking about.
“Ajahn will also leave us soon because that is his way, his life. He travels with nothing but his wisdom and his knowledge.”
And so, Cass set off back down the hillside, picking his way towards the main road north from Nakhon Si Thammarat to Surat Thani, which his map suggested was 150 kilometres away. With worn trainers, hardly any money, the police on his trail, and his photo on Facebook, the outlook didn’t look promising. 

CHAPTER 28
Have you ever been bitten by swarms of mosquitoes with needle-like teeth? If James hadn’t appeared when he did, I swear, by morning, there’d have been nothing left of me other than my phone and my Nikes.
My holiday home, the wooden shed at the Happy Life, was not free of them either, and by morning, still dehydrated and with a throbbing headache, I was convinced I’d caught malaria. 
I showered, and in the absence of antimalaria medicine, I dabbed shaving cream on my scars and left a general message for the world. “Totally fucked” allowed for plenty of interpretations without loss of reputation. Then I wandered into the town to find a 7-Eleven and something for breakfast. Pepsi and a couple of buns with a green polyester upholstery filling did the trick.
I then strolled back to the Happy Life to decide what to do about James. To deliberately forget the invitation and move out was a temptation, but a feeling of guilt troubled me, so I lay with a wet towel across my head to think. I must have fallen to sleep because I then had one of those fever-driven hallucinations that early explorers in darkest Africa are supposed to have experienced.
With my genes, you’d think I’d have inherited some natural immunity for those things but no. James appeared before me sitting cross-legged at the end of my bed, pointing at me with a dirty fingernail and asking streams of questions in his American accent through a curtain of grey hair. “Are you a happy man? Did your phone see anything today? Did it marvel at the sky, the clouds, the lake, the trees?” 
Fortunately, by midday, my brain had cleared, so I took another shower, drank more water, and sat on my bed. There was nothing on my phone, and my fingers were far too fat and sticky to play my game. So I tossed the darned thing onto the pillow from where it gently slid onto the floor. Then, with a prevailing sense of duty about James, I left to find the lake.
For some reason, I’d expected him to be there already, but the place was deserted and, being away from the town, the cars, the trucks, and the motorcycles, it was quiet with hardly a breath of wind. Perhaps it’s true about mad dogs and Englishmen being the only creatures that go out in the midday sun, but perhaps we should now add third-generation Africans as well. 
I heard a bird in the treetops but couldn’t see it. It wasn’t a toucan. They were big. And it didn’t sound like the pigeons that pecked in the gutter around McDonalds and KFC in Edmonton. I sat in the shade and saw a fish jump, and I examined a red dragonfly that perched on my Nikes and twisted its head around to look at me. I even watched a line of brown ants making their way along a dry stick. They seemed organised, like soldiers. I’d never watched ants before. I watched one stop and cause a traffic jam behind and thought of Friggin who would open the window of the truck in traffic jams and sing “Hoochie Koochie Man” at the top of his voice to the rest of the jam whilst thumping his fist on the door. Then I watched a white butterfly with orange tips on its wings.
And I suddenly felt at ease with the silence that surrounded me. This was why I’d come—to watch butterflies, birds, trees, flowers, and ants quietly getting on with their natural lives away from the ugliness of people. I don’t know how long it lasted, but I’d have been quite content if it lasted all day, at least until nightfall and the emergence of those mosquitoes. 
“Good afternoon, Kurt.” 
I hadn’t heard him coming, but there he was strolling towards me like a giraffe in the same orange trousers and khaki vest as yesterday. His hair was tied back today, and I got a better view of the creases that spread from the corner of his eyes. He was a tough, bronzed, and lean-looking geezer with a week’s worth of rough grey stubble and tufts of hair at his armpits and worn leather sandals on his feet. I adjusted my age estimate upwards to fifty plus and then stood straight and tall. “Yeh. Hi,” I said, trying to sound American.
“You see the kingfisher?”
“Uh no, but there were butterflies and some big white birds.”
“Cattle egrets,” he said. “Did you get your beer last night?” 
“Water. But I slept well,” I lied. 
Then we sat side by side overlooking the lake, with James cross-legged, me with my legs out straight, unsure what to expect next. I’d only come because I felt I owed him some thanks for saving me. I decided to get it off my chest. “Thanks for last night,” I said. “Not used to the heat.”
He didn’t react but said, “Why come here, Kurt?”
“I got off the bus too soon,” I said with acute embarrassment. I fumbled in my bag for nothing as a distraction, but then I felt like an old woman with a shopping bag. 
“I meant, why come to Thailand?”
“Oh yeh. To get away. Change of scenery. Know what I mean?” I pulled my bottle of water from the bag. “Water?”
He waved it away. “Where are you staying?”
“Happy Life Resort.”
“Cool. It’s usually empty. Where were you planning to go before getting off the bus too soon?”
“Nakhon Si Thammarat.” 
“Still planning to go?”
“Maybe,” I replied. “Where do you stay?”
“I rent a place.”
“You’re American?” 
“Sure. Virginia. I told you yesterday.” 
“Oh yeh. I forgot. When do you go back?”
“No plans.” 
I was a little mystified by that reply. Not only that but I felt strangely vulnerable sitting there with someone who’d been around a bit, seen more, done more, knew more. Was he dangerous? He certainly looked fit, but he was none too clean. Now and again, I caught a whiff of stale sweat, and his hair looked as if it hadn’t seen shampoo in weeks. 
“So where’s home, Kurt?”
“London, Edmonton. Know it?”
He shook his head. “Travelling alone?”
I nodded.
“You work back home?”
Should I say I emptied trash bins? No. “Field staff. Haringey Council,” I said.
James nodded. “City guys normally go to Bangkok or Phuket or Pattaya for the action.”
“I wanted some peace and quiet.”
“Cool. What’s your background?”
“What do you mean?”
“Got family back there?”
“My ma’s close by.”
James fumbled in the back pocket of his orange trousers and pulled out a leather tobacco pouch, a pack of Rizla, and a lighter. “Smoke?”
“No, thanks.”
He gave a creasy smile. “It’s only tobacco.” 
He filled a sheet, rolled it, licked the edge, tapped it on his knee, stuck it between his lips, lit it, returned the pouch to his pocket, and turned to blow the first puff of smoke away from me. “Don’t often see smart black guys down this way,” he said, breathing the balance of the smoke lingering in his lungs over me. 
I didn’t know that, but in any case, what did it matter? “I’ve never been abroad before,” I said. “Never had a holiday before.” 
Once said, it felt inferior, as if I should have been able to say I’d hiked all the way through Europe, the Middle East, and India to get there. 
“Meeting anyone?”
“I’m on my own. On purpose.” That was better. It sounded confident, like I knew a thing or two. I glanced at James dragging on his self-made that looked and smelled more like a roll of lavatory paper.
“You wanna see Nakhon Si Thammmarat?”
“It’s why I came,” I said. 
“Let’s go.” And with that, he sprang to his feet and strolled away. So I, too, got up and then followed him back to the road. He took a side road, with rows of wooden Thai houses on either side. At the iron gate leading to one of them, he produced a key from his pocket, pressed something, and the gate opened. “Wait here.”
As a scruffy brown dog came to sniff my legs, there was the sound of a big motorbike engine, and James emerged astride a hefty-looking black Yamaha with high handlebars and low seats. The gate shut. “Jump on.” 
I’m not sure how I felt at that moment, but I jumped on and, with a roar like an army tank, was carried off, clinging to the back of James’s sweaty tee shirt with his ponytail flapping in my face. But I did remember my phone. 
“Can we call at the Happy Life for my phone?” 
“You really need that darned thing?” 
Again, I wasn’t sure. The trouble was I’d grown used to having it. It was, just as James had described, a piece of technology that had become part of me. I was saved by James. “OK, we pass that way anyway.”
I found it on the floor by the bed. It was switched off, but when I turned it back on, it chirped at me to show it was still alive, but there wasn’t time to check it. James was waiting. 
Nothing more was said until James parked the bike at the centre of Nakhon Si Thammarat, stuffed the keys in his back pocket, and walked off down a side street. “You fancy a coffee, Kurt?”
I would have preferred water, but I followed him to what resembled a café bar made of old dark wood. Climbing plants wound themselves around chairs and tables on the street, and Thai music played inside amongst a scattering of round tables and chairs. “Sit.” I sat on a seat on the pavement. “What’ll you have?”
For unknown reasons, I didn’t like to say I only wanted water. I said, “Coffee’s fine.” 

***

How suddenly can life change? As James disappeared inside to order, all I did was glance at my phone. There were two messages, one from Kevin and one from Walid.
“Cass is in Thailand,” Walid’s message said. “He’s in trouble. Call me or Kevin.”
Kevin’s message was longer. “Remember Cass? He went to Turkey two years ago. Got into deep shit. He was abducted. He was even in Syria with all that ISIL and Al Qaida shit. It was Khan. Remember that shit bastard? Shit Khan got him abducted. Long story, but he’s in Thailand. Any chance you can find him?”
My first reaction was that this was a typical Kevin message. He’d never use words like shit if you spoke to him, but everything was shit in a text. So I reread Walid’s. 
Were they both crazy? Where would I start? What did Coolie always say? “You fink I’m kolo, man?” 
I started to tap. “You think I’m . . .” But I deleted it because I started to think more constructively. What was going on here? If this was true, then it was serious and—
I didn’t get too far with my thinking because James was returning with a tray, two cups of black coffee and two glasses of water. I rested the phone on my knee as James sat down. “Best espresso place I know,” he said, and then he looked at me. “What’s up, Kurt? You look like you’ve just seen your worst enemy.” 
“I just had a message from two mates,” I said. “Another mate of ours is also in Thailand. I didn’t know, but he’s in a spot of trouble.” 
James’s hair had come undone, and I watched him rewind it into the elastic band and look at me. I didn’t say anything else but glanced down and reread Kevin’s message. It was the mention of ISIL and Al Qaida that shocked me. Everyone had heard of Al Qaida and watched the video of Osama Bin Laden’s villa being attacked. That was generally regarded as a real cool piece of work. But ISIL wasn’t so clear cut because we’d also watched ISIL beheadings. These were something else completely. Walid understood it better and often talked about it. He had, after all, been close to the action, and it had killed his mother for God’s sake, but if you’d asked me to explain ISIL or ISIS or Daesh or whatever they called themselves, I’d have struggled. Murdering and crazy thugs were the closest description without resorting to words far worse than shit. 
We all knew about the Twin Towers horror. We’d lived through London bombings, and we’d all read about young Moslem guys heading out that way to join up, but unless you were a Moslem and so inclined, it was hard to understand why. Anger and hatred played a big part, but Cass had never fitted that mould. To me, Cass was the least likely to disappear and join up. It was well known at school that Cass avoided going to the mosque if he could. It was a running joke. Winston would say something like, “Imam put the Christmas decorations up yet, then Cass?” 
And Cass would grin and comeback with something like, “Oh sure. Don’t tell anyone, but he wants me to be the fairy on the top of his tree.” And we’d laugh and high five. 
I re-read Walid’s message. “Cass is in Thailand. He’s in trouble.” Then I reread Kevin’s about that shit Khan. I knew who Khan was, of course. It was the same Khan who we’d rented the Shipley Street house from and who I used to hide from behind the sofa with my mother. “Tell him I’m out, Kurt.” My description to Walid that Park Road was run by Pakistani mafia held firm. 
Kevin’s message said, “Any chance you can find him?” 
Frankly speaking, I barely knew where I was myself. All I knew was I was down south on the right-hand side somewhere near the sea, but the country was huge. What hope was there? 
In the background, I heard James say, “Got any details, Kurt?” I looked across at him and took the plunge, handed him my phone, and watched him read the messages whilst calmly sipping his coffee. Then, to my surprise, he leaned forward, reached for his back pocket, and pulled out the coolest-looking metallic blue iPhone I’d ever seen. 
“Essential business,” he said like an apology and stood up holding my Samsung in one hand and the iPhone to his ear. For a minute or two, he strolled about the street then returned, handed me back my phone, sat down, drained his coffee, and wiped his mouth. I waited.
“Interesting,” he said before rolling another joint. 
I tell you, the guy was really starting to gnaw at my patience. It was my phone, my information, and my mates, for God’s sake. As I watched, he lit the joint and then sat back, as if waiting for something to happen. It did. His phone bleeped, and he tapped and swiped and then held out the phone for me to see. “Is this Cass?”
Jeez, I thought. What is this?
On the screen was a passport-type photo of a young man with bushy black hair and a beard, so I shook my head. “Cass never had a beard.”
“What about this one?”
This time, it was an out-of-focus photo of a young man without a beard, and I stared at it because, yes, it looked a bit like Cass. “I’ve not seen Cass for a couple of years,” I said. “It could be him.”
“What’s your phone number?” 
I told him. 
“I’ll send the photos to you. Forward them to your friends, Kevin and Walid, and ask them to check if it’s him.”
It took five minutes, but as soon as I’d sent it, a dreadful thought crossed my mind. Who the hell was this unkempt American hippy with the cool motorbike and iPhone? Could I trust him?

CHAPTER 29
Kevin walked to the truck park to find Roger sitting on the bonnet of the borrowed Fiat, drinking coffee and eating from a packet of biscuits. 
Right next to the tiny Fiat sat the massive form of Madge with her driver’s door wide open. “Coffee, Kevin? Nice crunchy cookie?”
“No, thanks.” 
“So did you finish my written report on the history of Park Road over the last thirty years?”
Kevin was saved by his phone. “It’s Kurt,” he said.
Roger scratched his bare head. “Kurt being the friend of yours who just happens, by sheer chance, to be in Thailand. Correct?”
Kevin nodded.
“You and your friends seem to have acquired the most mystical powers, Kevin. I see huge commercial opportunities in telepathy and making coincidences happen. Just think, with your contact, you could buy up all of Khan’s properties and start your own terrorism operation.”
Kevin seemed distracted. “Kurt has sent two photos,” he said. “He wants to know if it’s Cass because he hasn’t seen him for a while. One shows him with a beard, one without.” He held out the phone to Roger.
“How has he got these?”
“I’ll ask.” 
Roger munched biscuits as Kevin tapped his phone. “So, is it Cass?”
“Wait.”
“Are you telling me to wait, Kevin?”
Kevin nodded. “Kurt says he got the photos from an American.”
“I’m rapidly losing the bloody plot, Kevin. What American?
“I’ll ask, but you told me not to swear, Roger.”
“Sorry. It’s my age.” Roger waited. 
“Kurt says his name is James.”
“Nice name, but who the hell is he?”
“He says he’ll find out and let me know. Meanwhile, he needs to know if the photo is of Cass or not? I’ll tell him I think it is, even the one with the beard looks a bit like him.” Kevin tapped away again.
“While I wait, I’m going for a drive. Are you coming?”
“Where are we going?” 
“To check out Mr. Greg.” 

CHAPTER 29
James returned from yet another stroll with his phone clamped to his ear. “Tell me what you know about this guy Cass,” he said. 
“I knew him from school. There was a gang of us.”
“School where?”
“Woodlands School in Gloucester.”
“And Walid?”
“I met Walid after I moved to London. He’d just arrived from Syria. It was my suggestion that he went to stay in Gloucester near Kevin.”
“Is Walid an illegal?”
“No. He was born in UK. His mother was killed in Syria. She was a nurse. He’s just got a British passport.”
“Has Cass changed his name?”
“No idea. He was Cass Siddiqui when I knew him. He lived in Shipley Street. His mother was Pakistani.”
“Siddiqui, huh?”
“Qasim Siddiqui was his real name. We called him Cass.”
“Those photos are of a Turkish guy called Cemil Demir.”
“Then I made a mistake. So did Kevin.”
“Not necessarily,” James said, fumbling for his tobacco pouch and lighter again. “He arrived in Thailand from Kota Bahru on the Malay side of the Thai border a few days ago. The photo with the beard is from the Turkish passport he was using. The one without the beard appeared on Facebook yesterday. Looks like he’d had a shave somewhere because the police say it’s the same man. He’s wanted by police for planting a bomb at a fuel station south of Nakhon Si Thammarat.”
That shocked me. “Here?” I asked. “So close?”
“Coincidence, huh?” 
The way he looked at me made me wonder if he thought I was involved. Oh my god, I thought. Peace and tranquillity? Where have they gone? I wasn’t even breathing fresh air but inhaling tobacco smoke. “Cass? Planting a bomb? No. I don’t believe it,” I said.
James stood and nodded his head in some unknown direction. “Come with me.”
“I got to follow you again?”
“Only if you want to.”
So I followed, padding after him like a puppy following its new owner, thinking we were returning to his bike. But no, we passed it and headed further into the town. A shiny gold dome surrounded by long ornate buildings with red-tiled roofs appeared, reflecting the strong sunlight. The noise and crowds increased: buses, motorbikes, and street vendors. Peace and tranquillity disappeared completely. Then James stopped and pointed up at the dome.
“Wat Pra Mahathat something,” he said. “Don’t ask me to pronounce the rest. I’m American. But it’s famous. It’s a tourist attraction. It’s been here for two thousand years. It’s mostly Buddhist, but the city’s history is mixed. I often come here. You should take a look around sometime, but not now. Point is I reckon that second photo of the guy you call Cass—the one without the beard—was taken from over there. He pointed to a 7-Eleven. According to the police, he was seen getting into a tuk-tuk with four Buddhist monks. They say he stayed at a local temple for a night or two. Maybe that’s where he got his shave, but when the police arrived, he was gone.”
I listened, bemused. This was a far cry from the Broadwater area in Tottenham, where I’d been emptying bins a few days ago. Meanwhile, this sweaty long-haired American was casually puffing on another joint of something.
“How the hell do you know this, James?” I asked. “Who are you?”

CHAPTER 30
It was raining heavily, and the worn wipers of the tiny Fiat screeched across the windscreen as Kevin and Roger sat discussing their next steps. Kevin, though, was distracted by the wet strands of hair that clung to Roger’s scalp like a threadbare carpet. “Where’s your hat?”
“You really want to discuss my hat, Kevin? Right now? As it happens, I left it at your mum’s, but it’s irrelevant right now, Kevin. We’re here to discuss strategy. And I’m still waiting to know what you discovered during your internet research on the history of Park Road.”
“Yeh. Sorry. I forgot. I didn’t get to bed till three o’clock,” Kevin said. “I met Walid. He bought a passport from Khan. Khan then stole it back. Gordon’s trying to sort it.”
Roger looked at him. “What is it about passports and Mr. Khan, Kevin? And you’ve not yet introduced me to either Walid or Gordon.”
“No time, Roger. Neither have I told you anything about Kurt. Kurt’s in Thailand. Walid suggested I call Winston to borrow his laptop. I’ve not told you about Winston either. Winston’s got good Wi-Fi because they’ve got a smart TV downstairs. I called at Winston’s and didn’t get away till 3:00 a.m. because I was doing the research like you told me.”
“Anything interesting?”
 “Just old news stories. The street demonstration was three years ago. There was a story about two guys from Park Road called Imran Hussein and Akram Khan who were arrested on suspicion of terrorism. I vaguely remember it.”
“What happened?”
“The case was dropped. They then sued the police for compensation.”
“What else?”
“Lots of comments and speeches by Councillor Mohamed Basra attacking the police for intimidation, supporting the appeal for compensation, and saying that letters in the local press objecting to wearing hijab and niqab were racist and discriminatory.”
“Anything else?”
“An article from a woman day tripper saying how wonderful it was to see ethnic diversity in an inner-city area working so well and admiring the choice of small shops.”
“Pity she didn’t call at Faisal World Travel and book a ticket to Turkey. Anything else?”
“Not much. It’s all on a memory stick, but it’s why I didn’t do any ablutes.”
“Ablutions, Kevin. On a morning you perform ritual ablutions. Never mind. You’re excused for once, but who are Kurt and Winston and so on?”
“Mates, Roger. Kurt, Cass, Winston, and I were at school. Walid joined later after he got back from Syria, where his mum was killed. Kurt lives in London.”
 “Tell me again sometime. My brain can’t handle it right now because we’re off to see Mr. Greg. Tell me everything you know about Greg.”
“An old white man with glasses.”
“I’ve already logged that. Do you ever talk to him?”
“I collect or give him packages then go.”
“Why do I picture you running away, Kevin?”
“I walk. I catch the number 27 bus on the corner. One comes along every thirty minutes.”
“That figures. It fits perfectly. You’re one of those who wait patiently for public transport while your life ticks away, aren’t you, Kevin? If one bus fails to turn up, you wait patiently for the next, even though it’s quicker and healthier to walk. Today, though, you will travel in a private car, an Italian one at that. It’s one with a clockwork engine, wipers that spread water around rather than clearing it, and seats with metal frames in place of padding. When we arrive in Lansdowne Road, could you perhaps try engaging Greg in conversation for the first time? Some old man’s gossip starting with epic chat-up lines, such as ‘It’s a nice day for ducks, Mr. Greg.’”
“I could try.”
“What about asking about his health? ‘How are you today, Mr. Greg?’ Try some general conversation by describing how it feels to be a long-distance driver who can’t read a map. If that doesn’t work, try making him feel sorry for you. Appear sad and lonely. Tell him you’ve not eaten for days because you’ve been in Scotland collecting his parcel. Try bringing so many tears to his eyes that he invites you in for tea and crumpets. Smile and look at him through your long eyelashes. Convince him that you’re a nice young man and know nothing of the contents of the many packages you deliver.”
“I haven’t got a package today.”
“Then improvise, Kevin. Tell him you thought he had one for collection and apologise for your error.”
“What if he’s gay?” 
“Are there many around here?”
“I don’t know.”
“I’m pleased to hear it, Kevin, having spent an entire night with you recently.” Roger punched him on the shoulder. “Let’s go, Starsky.”
“Starsky?”
“I’ll be Hutch. This tin box can be our striped tomato. I know it’s powder blue, not cherry red, so use your imagination.”
“What are you talking about, Roger?”
They parked out of sight under a dripping tree on the junction with Lansdowne Road. “Well, off you go, Kevin. If you return in less than five minutes, I might just head down to Yeovil and forget I ever met you.”
“You wouldn’t, would you?”
“Just go, Kevin. Come back with an opinion of some sort. Is he, for instance, the godfather—the top boss that Khan reports to? What does he do with those darned passports you deliver? Guilty until proven innocent. Go.”
Kevin opened the gate of number 18, Lansdowne Road, closed it behind him, and walked up the sloping concrete path to the front door. In order not to look too menacing, he pulled back the hood of his anorak and rang the bell as rain dripped off the overhead guttering. He looked around. The front garden was a square of grass and four borders containing what might once have been roses. The grass itself was long and lay flattened by the rain. The path from the gate followed the house around to the side where it joined the concrete driveway, the garage, and Greg’s big old Peugeot. As Kevin stood back, waiting and looking around as Roger had instructed, he saw, for the first time, a side door with a ramp leading up to it, like shops had for disabled access. Thinking perhaps Mr. Greg had not heard, Kevin rang the bell again, but then the door opened suddenly.
Greg was holding a pure white folded handkerchief in his hands and was wearing a white shirt and dark tie beneath a grey V-necked jumper. His grey flannel trousers, Kevin noticed, had a dark blue stain across the knee. “Good morning, Mr. Greg,” Kevin said. “I have come to pick up a parcel.”
Greg said nothing but removed his glasses, unfolded the handkerchief, and used it to blow his nose. “I have no parcel today.”
“Oh, sorry, Mr. Greg. Maybe it’s a mistake. I’ve been in Scotland. Edinburgh. You know it? It was very bad weather. I got stuck in snow.”
Kevin looked at Mr. Greg, realising this was the first time he’d ever actually looked at his face with any real interest. Mr. Greg had a ring of soft grey hair, similar in colour and texture to Roger’s. His forehead had a worried look, and his thick-lensed glasses made his grey eyes look big and anxious. He stuffed the folded handkerchief back in his trouser pocket and wiped his face with a veiny hand that bore a plain wedding ring on one finger and traces of faint blue stain.
“Nice weather for ducks,” Kevin said, looking up at the dripping sky. 
Roger’s suggested dialogue seemed to have little effect on Mr. Greg. “Edinburgh?” he said.
“Seven hundred miles there and back, Mr. Greg. Very bad weather.”
“Edinburgh, you say?”
“Mr. Wazir, you know him?”
“Wazir?”
“Mr. Wazir Khan.” 
Greg shook his head, and Kevin, thinking he’d completely blown it, started to retreat. “Well, thanks, Mr. Greg. Very sorry for—”
“Who do you work for?”
“Myself, Mr. Greg. I’m a courier.”
“Where’s your van?”
“I use my car, or the bus. I work for Mr. Khan from Faisal World Travel. You know him?”
Greg looked puzzled. His head moved, but Kevin wasn’t sure if it was a nod or a shake. He looked at Kevin through his thick lenses, retrieved his handkerchief, wiped his nose again, and stuffed it back in his pocket. Kevin lingered, thinking that he might say something else, but he didn’t. He merely nodded, stepped backwards, closed the door, and slid a lock. Kevin walked back down the path, shut the gate, and returned to the car.
“Well?” Roger asked.
“He didn’t know about Edinburgh, and he didn’t know about Wazir.”
“That’s it?”
“I needed a better chat-up line. The ducks didn’t work.”
“You’re blaming me?”
“But I smelled something.”
“A rat?”
“It smells like Abdul’s printing shop on Midland Road. And he had blue stains on his trousers and hands.”
“What are you saying, Kevin?”
“I think he’s a printer.”
Roger studied Kevin’s serious face. “What was in that bacon sandwich I bought you this morning, Kevin? It’s as if your brain’s been turbocharged.”
Kevin chuckled.
They sat in the car for a while as Roger tried to imagine the picture Kevin was drawing of Greg—a quiet, nervous, and strangely old-fashioned man who said very little. Today had been the first time Kevin had heard him speak. 
“That’s his car,” Kevin said, suddenly ducking down out of sight as the old box-like Peugeot emerged from Lansdowne Road, turned right, and crept past them. It was one of the earlier people carriers, like a small grey bus with sliding side doors. The driver sat low on his seat, with glasses on, hands at ten to two and far too close to the wheel for comfort. At the back was another person sitting higher up.
“Get up, Kevin. Don’t be ridiculous. You sure that’s Greg?”
“It’s Greg’s car.”
“That’s not a car. It’s a prototype military tank dating from when the French were learning how to make aesthetically pleasing forms of transport. And there was someone at the back. Is Greg married?”
“He had a wedding ring.”
Roger paused. “Are you working today, Kevin? Will there be any ritual slaughter in the halal section of Bashir’s?”
“I told Bash I was doing jobs for Mr. Khan today. And the meat arrives already dead.”
“That’s so good to hear, Kevin. To think I slept next to a gay butcher is too much. Let’s follow him.”
The Peugeot was driven slowly and purposefully through the city, through the main gate of Gloucester General Hospital and around the grounds to a separate building marked simply Dalgleish House. It stopped in a disabled area. Roger and Kevin watched as Greg climbed out, opened the car’s sliding door, and fixed a ramp onto the ground. He disappeared inside and a wheelchair came slowly down the ramp. In it was a grey-haired old lady wrapped in a tartan blanket. 
“His wife?” Roger asked, not expecting a reply. “Listen, Kevin, we can’t park here. Go and park this thing somewhere lawful and come back.” 
Roger got out. It was still raining. 
Greg, meanwhile, was bent over the wheelchair, tidying the blanket, holding an umbrella, and talking to the woman. Her head rolled and then fell forward, and Greg tucked something beneath her chin. He stroked her hair then pushed the chair towards the entrance. The wide door opened automatically, and he disappeared inside. Roger followed, wiping his boots on an already sodden mat.
Inside, it was crowded with mostly old people sitting in rows of chairs and staring into space. Greg pushed the wheelchair to the reception desk and spoke to a nurse. Then he pushed it to the end of a row of chairs and knelt to talk to what Roger was now certain was his wife. 
She was clearly sick. She had thin grey hair, a pale complexion, eyes that did not focus, and a head that wobbled on a frail neck. Her bony and veiny hands shook slightly as they lay over the blanket. Greg certainly didn’t have the look of a man engaged in forgery or an Islamic terrorist group.
Roger, missing his beanie that was, at the best of times, useless in the rain, wiped his dripping skull, tried flattening the threads of grey hair, and watched from the entrance. A name was called, and two seats next to where Greg was kneeling became vacant, so Roger moved inside and sat down. Greg squinted at him through thick-lensed glasses. Kevin’s description of him was accurate right down to the grey trousers with the blue stain at the knee.
“I’m sorry. Would you like to sit here?” Roger said, moving to the next chair.
Greg nodded and sat down, keeping a hand on the arm of the wheelchair. There was a mumbling sound, and Greg stood again. He bent over the woman, adjusted the towel that was supporting her chin, and quietly said, “It won’t be long, my flower.” Then he perched once more on the edge of the seat next to Roger.
Roger decided to say something. “What time is your appointment?”
Greg turned. The big grey eyes behind the glasses were flickering. “At eleven thirty.”
It was 11:10 a.m. Even if the appointment was on time, he had a good twenty minutes to engage in conversation. “How is your wife?”
“Much the same,” Greg said quietly. “Nothing changes.” He looked away, and Roger did the same except that he was thinking about Kevin mentioning a smell of printing chemicals at Greg’s house. Suddenly, a flicker of memory suddenly lit Roger’s mind. He touched Greg’s elbow. “Excuse me, sir, but I’m sure we’ve met somewhere before.”
Greg turned. “I don’t think so.”
“Mill Lane. The old industrial site. I used to make deliveries to a printing company. I remember backing my truck up the very narrow lane.”
Greg produced a white handkerchief from his pocket. “Yes,” he said, blinking behind the glasses. He wiped his nose. “Bywater Design & Printing.”
“That’s it,” Roger said. “That was a few years ago.”
“It’s closed.”
“Has it, indeed? Is that where I met you?”
“I was made redundant.”
“I’m sorry.”
“They wouldn’t invest.”
Roger shook his head in commiseration. “Have you retired now?”
Greg paused, as if unsure. “I look after my wife.”
“What’s wrong?” Roger asked. “Sorry. I don’t mean to pry, but—”
“Parkinson’s disease. Dementia.” 
“I’m sorry. How long?”
“Ten years. It started with the Parkinson’s.”
For a moment, Greg’s sad, empty eyes behind his glasses looked directly at Roger, and Roger detected a desperate need to talk, to offload. For a man who, according to Kevin, never spoke, it seemed a breakthrough.” It must be very hard on you?” Roger asked. 
“Yes.”
“How often do you bring your wife here?” Roger asked, speaking quietly, as if in church.
“Every two weeks,” Greg replied in a similar whisper.
“My name’s Roger by the way. Roger Smith.” He held out his hand, and Greg, however reluctantly, took it. It was a cold, soft, rather unwilling hand but a hand nevertheless.
“I’m Grzegorz Samoszewski,” Greg said.
“I’m pleased to meet you, Mr. Samoszewski.”
Greg nodded and looked at Roger. “You pronounce it well.”
“Is it Polish?”
Greg nodded.
“I have been to Poland many times over the years,” Roger said. “What is your wife’s name?”
“My wife—she is Dalia. We have been married for forty-five years. “
And Roger then detected something else. It was Greg’s accent that reminded him of a Polish customer, Jack Hassenfeld, whose company had also ceased trading. Jack had been Jewish. ‘My wife—she is Dalia.’ That was exactly how Jack would have said it.
“Forty-five years is a long time, Mr. Samoszewski.”
“Yes,” Greg said, caressing the wheelchair handle. He stood and adjusted the damp towel beneath his wife’s chin. When he sat down again, he looked at Roger. “I call her Herach.”
And that was another giveaway. Herach pronounced with the guttural “ch” at the end was Hebrew for flower. Dalia was Greg’s flower. And how did Roger just happen to know that? Because Jack had once given him a bunch of dried flowers tied in pink ribbon to take home to Madge, Roger’s wife. 
But why was a Polish Jew involved with Khan’s Islamic games? Roger pondered for a moment as Greg glanced at an ancient-looking wind-up watch. Its face yellowed with time, as if it might be an heirloom. 
The time, according to the clock above reception, showed 11:36 a.m. when a nurse appeared, reading from a card. “Mrs. Samma . . . Samma . . . Dalia?” Greg stood up but turned to Roger. “That’s us.” And then he disappeared, pushing Dalia in the wheelchair.

CHAPTER 31
I’ve never smoked or taken drugs.
Well, that’s not entirely true. I tried a cigarette once, an oddly shaped cylinder of paper with dried grass protruding from it. However, it had never taken hold, even when things were being passed around and the prevailing noise was loud stupidity.
If I’ve got any vice at all, it’s chewing gum. I used to like the bubble sort. If you want to blow blimps competitively, then you really need to start young, like around eleven. Trouble was, around twelve, Winston whispered to me that it was a girl sport, and if I didn’t quit, I’d become a focus for mockery. So I stopped at the peak of my powers and reverted to ordinary gum. Then I began perfecting the next level in a gum chewer’s portfolio that starts after the flavour’s gone. Long distance, accurate spitting should, I reckon, be an Olympic sport. 
Still standing in the shade outside of what James had called the Wat Pra Mahathat something, I watched him roll his next joint, light it, and take the first puff. In the hot air, the smoke wafted through his long hair and disappeared, as if it became stuck on the greasy strands. He seemed deep in thought, and I wondered if he’d forgotten I was there. He hadn’t. “You want another coffee, Kurt?” 
“No, thanks.”
“Mind if I do?”
I shrugged. I could, of course, have just said, “Thanks for the ride. I’ll make my own way back,” but I didn’t. The messages from Kevin and Walid disturbed me, and James, despite his appearance and manner, already seemed like a possible solution. So I followed him yet again to a different side street lined with vendors of chilled fruit, barbequed meat and fish, and soup. The smells did something to my stomach. It rumbled, as if to remind me I’d not eaten much for three days. 
James suddenly pulled out a chair next to a metal table where a menu was propped against a box of chopsticks. He beckoned me to sit opposite, and a woman with a damp grey cloth arrived and wiped away stray noodles from earlier customers. James ordered. “Nung café. Nung nam. Song quettio moo with egg noodles.” Then he leaned back.
“What do you know about this guy Cass?” 
I did my best, but I hadn’t seen Cass for a while. Quiet. Polite. Serious. Good at basketball but not as good as me. Could speak Punjabi. 
Meanwhile, water, coffee, and bowls of soup with noodles arrived, and James’s phone rang. It seemed private because he turned sideways, so I started on the soup and listened. 
It was the first time I’d seen James look unsettled. There were long silent periods when he fidgeted, and it seemed to me, he was being told things he didn’t already know.
“He’s running with a Turkish passport.” I heard him say, but then there was a string of meaningless words, “Yeh . . . no . . . could do . . . sure.” 
While I waited, I tried to work out the tattoos on his arms. Between the swirls and patterns was a human skull wearing a military cap and with a combat knife clutched in its teeth. After my first sight of him sitting cross-legged with his arms raised to the sky, as if in some sort of celestial embrace, these inks didn’t fit with my impression of a man of peace and tranquillity. Perhaps, I thought, it had all been a show to catch my attention—a gut feeling you understand. 
When the call finished, my bowl of noodles was gone, but James had not even started on his. He lay his phone on the table, flicked his joint onto the ground, and started on his soup, shovelling noodles into his mouth with fork and spoon.
“So who was that?” I asked. 
“A friend of mine from UK,” he replied with a long yellow noodle hanging from his mouth and caught up in the stubble. He released it with his finger, sucked it in, and glanced at me. “Instead of getting lost in trees and getting off at wrong bus stops, you want to do something useful, Kurt?”
“Such as?”
“Help find your buddy Cass.”
“Sure,” I said. 
“Then you’ll need to check out of the Happy Life, Kurt. Are you carrying tons of unnecessary stuff?”
I didn’t like the insinuation that I was some sort of upmarket beach poser with stacks of matching luggage. “Just a backpack.”
“Good. We’re all transient visitors to this world, Kurt.”
If that was another attempt at deep philosophy, I hit back. “You seem settled though, James. Plenty of time on your hands. Nice house. Nice bike. Though I think I’d prefer a Honda myself.” 
He grinned, so I went on. “You seemed to be waiting for me when we first met. Why?”
“Young black guy from London arrives alone, avoids the playground, and heads south to where trouble often starts. You were red-flagged.”
“What the hell is red-flagged?”
“Immigration department. They’re paranoid. Guilty until proved innocent.”
“Guilty of what?”
“Of arousing suspicions.”
“Can’t a guy go on holiday these days?”
“Sure, but he can’t just wander into another country that’s trying to keep tabs on terrorists and expect not to be red-flagged if some overzealous immigration officer decides he needs to prove his worth. If he makes a mistake, can you imagine who gets the blame?” 
“I’m not a criminal or a terrorist.” 
“Who knows that? They come in many different sizes, shapes, and colours.”
“Are you working for immigration?”
“Not exactly.”
“Are you, or aren’t you?”
“Not exactly.”
“But you were following me?”
“For a while. Then I got ahead of you.”
“Why?”
“Things happen. Like your friend Cass. He got in on a false Turkish passport, looking like a cute version of one of Osama Bin Laden’s young disciples. Fortunately for him, he got a lenient officer at the gate and was let through, but someone’s neck sure is on the line now since a bomb went off in a gas station just after he passed by. Understand?” He paused. “I assume Kurt Learner’s your real name.”
“Of course.”
“But how can anyone be sure, Kurt? You know how many people pass through immigration here claiming they’re on holiday? I’ll tell you. It was thirty-eight million last year. That’s more than half the entire Thai population. You think they’re all good, honest citizens intent on sunbathing or might there be a few amongst them entering on false passports with crime, terrorism, or other trouble on their mind. Quite rightly, this government, just like your own, likes to weed them out before they mingle and get lost in the crowd. You’re an unknown quantity, an alien, and a red light flashed somewhere. You’re lucky you met me.”
I didn’t feel lucky. “We didn’t just meet by accident.”
James shrugged nonchalantly. “True.”
“You’re a foreigner as well, mate,” I said. “If I’d seen you with your looks getting off a plane and lighting a spliff, I’d have red-flagged you. In fact, I’d probably have sent you home again.”
James gave a creasy smile. “It’s my job,” he said, drawing yet another Rizla paper across his tongue and rolling the finished product through his fingers. 
“How can an American looking like you get any sort of job that pays money?”
“I help out.”
I shook my head, as if I didn’t believe a word, but it didn’t seem to bother James. He stuck the freshly rolled one between his lips and let it dangle, unlit. “So you want to help, or shall I report you as suspicious and throw you to the wolves?” 
That was it. I’d had enough. “Who the hell are you, James?”
James clicked his lighter and let the flame burn without doing anything with it, and I felt he might even toss it in my direction, hoping I’d burst into flames. “Sit down, Kurt. Stay cool. Don’t get so agitated. Listen to me. The guy who phoned me just now is an international crime investigator. Private not public. As a matter of fact, he’s English. We sometimes work together. That’s enough for you?”
It was interesting but not enough. I shook my head.
“I’m private too,” he said.” Freelance.” 
“A freelance bullshitter?”
“Only if it helps.”
We were silent for a minute, eyeing each other and me thinking up all sorts of reasons for walking away. James then crossed his legs and shifted on his chair. “You wanna help find Cass or no?” 
“What are you saying? That you want help to find Cass to turn him in for some sort of reward? Is that how freelance bullshitters operate?”
“Don’t be so paranoid, Kurt. From what I know, he sounds more like a victim to me.”
I tried to calm myself. “Cass was OK,” I said. “He must have got tricked into something. You saw the message about a piece of shit called Khan.”
“Yep and that’s exactly what I just had confirmed,” James said, getting up. “Let’s go, and I’ll tell you some more as we ride. Call me Jimmy.” 

CHAPTER 32
Cass had followed a sign that said Tha Sala until he found the main highway north to Surat Thani. Hot, tired, thirsty, and already exhausted, he bought water and a bag of barbequed meat balls at the side of the road and then lay beneath some trees to rest and think. 
A bus to Bangkok was the obvious answer, but it was the thought of his photo going viral that worried him. What he needed was somewhere with internet and a computer. 
With the hot mid-afternoon sun behind him, he turned right off the main road, through a maze of narrow side roads and quiet, sleepy houses shaded by banana trees and flowering shrubs. According to his map, the sea was close by, and quite suddenly, there it was—a calm expanse of blue water and a white sandy beach with palm trees. It looked idyllic but only brought back memories of the brochure Sand and Sea he’d been flicking through in Faisal World Travel when Khan appeared from his back office. 
He removed his trainers, socks, and tee shirt and took to the beach with the sea on his right. It was quiet and deserted with a hot but gentle sea breeze and small boats pulled up onto the beach. A fisherman was sorting nets, and a few foreign-looking white couples who, he guessed, must have been staying somewhere lay beneath palm trees and umbrellas.
Backing onto the beach, amongst the trees, were rows of tiny wooden huts built on stilts and signs in English—Blue Sea Resort, Pritty Place, and Sandy Shore Resort. The sun was going down when Cass found what he was looking for.
Nong’s Homestay was three hundred baht a night, and Mrs. Nong, the owner with a toddler hanging onto her sarong, claimed to have free Wi-Fi. Cass paid his three hundred baht, was given the key to Hut 2, and was amazed at the luxury. With his own shower, a toilet, and even a clean towel, he took advantage. He washed and shaved, dabbed at insect bites, and then lay on the bed with a ceiling fan wafting cool air over him. Then he slept.
At daybreak, he sat on the steps of Hut 2 to watch the most spectacular sunrise over the sea and then went in search of Mrs. Nong. “Mrs. Nong,” he said. “I have a problem.”
“The room is no good?”
“No, no, everything is very good, but someone stole my laptop.”
“You call tam-loo-at?”
“The police?” Cass interpreted correctly. “Yes, but I need to send some urgent emails.”
“Mai pen rai. Never mind. You can use mine. I go out now. Come back soon.”
Half an hour later, Cass found her sitting on a plastic stool, washing clothes in a tub. She waved a soapy arm in the direction of the house and returned to hanging her washing on a tree. 
The laptop was already switched on. Cass touched the pad, and it lit up. In seconds, he was on the internet, but everything, including the keyboard, was in Thai. He clicked on a tiny American flag in the corner and could now type in English by remembering the position of letters on a QWERTY keyboard.
Then, from his back pocket, Cass took out the most precious thing he’d managed to carry with him, unseen for two years.
It had travelled with him in a slot in the waist band of the now threadbare underpants he’d worn almost every day since he left home. It had been to Şirnak, to the Abdel Aziz mountains in Syria, and back to Turkey and all the way to Mrs. Nong’s Homestay in Thailand.
He had found the unused memory stick in a drawer during his first few days in Turkey. There was only one thing he’d prayed for each day since then—that one day, he’d have access to the internet to upload its contents. He plugged it in, clicked, and slowly two hundred and eighty-six passport photos with passport numbers and country of issue that he’d meticulously collected over two years of forging documents appeared on the screen.
He checked over his shoulder into the bright sunlight of the garden. Mrs. Nong was still busy with her washing.
He found the cloud storage site he’d once used at Woodlands School for saving homework. It opened. He entered the username Woodlands18 and then the password and then shut his eyes, hoping that the next time he opened them, he’d be logged in. When he opened them, there, right in front of him was all his old schoolwork listed by title. He opened a new file, went back to the memory stick, and started to upload the contents. It was slow—too slow. At this rate, it would take an hour or more, and he wanted to check each image as he went.
Mrs. Nong was still outside.
He stopped at image 36. 
For some reason, the face stared back at him—a man with thick black hair, a moustache, and shoulders showing a white shalwar kameez. The passport had been Pakistani. He stopped again at image 48—a photo from a Lebanese passport of a man with a long nose and intense black eyes. It reminded him of Kett, but then so many passport photos looked like him. He dismissed it because he’d seen too many passport photos. He’d also seen some of the passport holders themselves and often thought how different they looked in real life. What value were photos as identification for immigration people and anyone else? What had happened to claims of photos one day being replaced by facial recognition software? 
Image 198. There it was. A Turkish passport for a young man called Cemil Demir. It looked only vaguely similar to himself, but it had been enough for the yawning immigration officer who’d asked him to stand a bit to the right and look at the camera. He’d not compared it with any other stored image, as far as Cass knew, but he’d stamped his passport. “Have a nice holiday.” 
He hadn’t heard her, but Mrs. Nong had returned, carrying her empty washing bowl. “Is OK?” she asked. Cass, engrossed in what he was seeing, jumped but nodded. “Ooh. Many photos,” Mrs. Nong said. 
Perhaps it was just bad luck, but image 198 was still there. “He look like you. I see on Facebook.”
Under his breath, Cass cursed, but Mrs. Nong just stood and watched until image 199, a Tunisian, appear.
“They not Thai. You not Thai.”
“I am . . .” Cass hesitated. “I’m British.”
Mrs. Nong wiped her hands on her sarong and sauntered away, still muttering something about Facebook.
Cass took a deep breath and continued to upload the rest. It took another ten minutes to complete, but before he shut down, he went to the search history section and deleted the site he’d just used. He went to look for Mrs. Nong to thank her, but she was nowhere to be seen. Neither was her toddler who’d been sleeping in a hammock.
Cass returned to his hut, pushed the memory stick back into his waist band, hurriedly repacked his bag, left another three hundred baht on the bed for reasons he couldn’t explain, shut the rickety door, and headed north again along the beach. 
It was midday when he made it back onto the main highway, and by then, he was on high alert. Every passing car seemed to slow down as it approached him.
If Mrs. Nong had linked him with the roadside bomb and then found he’d disappeared, had she already called the police? The further Cass walked, the more likely it seemed. He stopped at a roadside shop to buy a bottle of water, a bag of peanuts, and some barbequed chicken, and he sat beneath a tree. And as he ate, he tried to call Kevin again. 

CHAPTER 33
Deep in thought about Greg, Roger went outside to find Kevin.
He found him sheltering beneath a tree talking on his phone.
“Why are you also under a tree, Cass?”
“It’s cooler, Kev. It’s not like Park Road where it rains all day. I’m totally knackered.”
“Why?”
“I’m on the run, Kev. Don’t you understand. I’m like a wanted man. My photo’s on Facebook. Probably on TV as well. A bomb went off, and they think it’s me. We really need to talk, Kev, but we need to talk fast. The battery in this old Nokia only lasts a short time, and I don’t know where I can recharge it without being spotted, and there’s not much credit left. I need to get to Bangkok and—” The phone line crackled and echoed.
“Cass? Can you hear me?” Kevin asked. “Kurt’s in Thailand.”
“Kurt? Why? What—”
The connection died just as Roger arrived.
“That was Cass,” Kevin told him. “He sounds—”
The phone rang again.
“What? Why are you eating peanuts?”
Kevin knew it, but he just couldn’t seem to find anything relevant to say. Concern for Cass and not knowing what to do for him were mixed with too many questions. He didn’t know where to start.
“You know a guy called Wazir Khan?” he asked while wondering why he’d mentioned Wazir? Was Wazir a priority right now? No. Kevin swore at his own stupidity, but Cass didn’t seem bothered. 
“Describe him, Kev.”
“Pakistani. Scottish. Looks like a fatter version of Khan at Faisal World Travel.”
“It sounds like Khan’s brother, Kev.”
“Jesus.”
“He’s a crook, Kev.”
“Christ.”
“Stop saying Jesus and Christ, Kev.”
“Sorry. Roger says it shows a lack of . . . something.”
“It shows a lack of respect for Jesus Christ, and it spoils the karma.”
“What the hell’s that?”
“It spoils my smooth thinking, OK? And there’s no hell . . . This conversation is going nowhere, Kev, but fucking Khan needs to be exposed.”
“Doesn’t saying fucking spoil the karma, Cass?”
“It does. I agree, but you’re allowed to express feelings to mates. Where’s my mum, Kev?” Cass’s priorities were also all over the place. Things just came into his head.
“They think you joined ISIL, Cass.”
“I did but not willingly.”
“What you gonna do?”
“I could stay in another temple, but . . . You think a big hand might come down from the sky, pull me out, and drop me back in Shipley Street?”
“Believe me, you wouldn’t want to come back here, Cass. But you must have done a real good job of convincing them you were a genuine, fully paid-up Moslem.”
“Oh, definitely. But it nearly got me killed. It may still get me killed, so I wouldn’t recommend it. But I never did anything bad.”
“I always said you weren’t a bad boy.”
Cass tried to laugh, but it wasn’t easy. Whilst talking, he’d been pulling his socks and trainers off to cool his feet. “What’re you doing right now, man?”
“I’m with Roger.” 
“Who’s Roger?”
“A mate. He’s old. About sixty. And you know something, Cass? I’m half Pakistani. I never told you because it didn’t seem vital. My father was Pakistani.”
“Wah! Why didn’t you tell me?”
“I just did.”
“Your ma was married to a Pakistani?”
“Not married, Cass.” Kevin paused. A lump fit to burst was forming in his throat. “We got issues, and it’s all mixed up with the Khans. It needs sorting, but when you start digging, it’s like the mafia runs this whole area. That’s what my mum says. I thought it was just people with no money, but it’s more than that. Things are going on, but if you suspect something’s wrong, then the first thing you do around here is not tell anyone.”
Cass was listening but also watching the charge on Jon’s old phone. “Phoning’s no good, Kev. We just get going and then have to call a halt.”
“Yeh, I know. Just hang in there, Cass.”
“Yeh,” Cass replied. “I was thinking of becoming a Buddhist monk so they don’t recognise me.”
“Good idea.”
“It’d be so cool, man. I could walk down Shipley Street in sandals, wrapped in an orange blanket with a begging bowl and calling at all the houses. I reckon it’d scare the shit out of Winston. Is Winston still around?”
“Yeh, living in a flat in Shipley Street. He works in a bakery. Walid lives two houses up, but he’s only got a bedsitter. Winston shares with two Egyptians who live on rice and deep-fried pigeons and seagulls they catch with a trap on the roof. Walid works at Gordon’s.”
“Who’s Walid, Kevs? And is that old greasy business of Gordon’s still running? Sometimes I miss it all, you know? I’ve wanted to talk to you for two years, Kev. Know that? But I’ve had time to think. What does a man really need? You come with nothing, and you go with nothing. I nearly died a few weeks ago. I was nearly blown up. I couldn’t hear for two days. I was nearly shot dead, not once but several times. I’ve thought a lot about all that since I got here. I could have been just one of nameless thousands killed. Who really cares? Who really understands? What good does fighting do? Coming here, my thoughts are changing. I met a monk called Ajahn Lee, Kev. Incredible guy.
“He’s old, about sixty like your friend Roger, but I could listen to him for hours. Before I really die, I want to be ready—in my mind, that is—because there’s nothing afterwards, Kev. Believe me. Nothing. You die, and that’s it. No fancy angels singing songs of welcome, no rose garden, no nympho virgins, no souls that float about, hoping to gain favour from a bloke with a beard who quotes from the Bible or the Koran. There’s nothing. But I don’t have a problem with that. While you’re alive, you just gotta sit, think, and understand your life and how to cope with everything that’s thrown at you. When you’re ready to die, then all you need is to feel content with the few years you’ve had.”
It was a long speech. It sounded interesting, but Kevin struggled to digest it in one non-stop speech on a phone. Perhaps another time. So he said, “What would your grandma say about all that, Cass?”
“That I’m a bad boy, Kev. In Punjabi, of course. And then she’d blame you—that nasty white English kid who led me astray.”
“I’m not all English. I’m half Pakistani.”
“Yeh, well, she didn’t know. She made a mistake.”
There was another bleep from Cass’s phone, and then it died.
Kevin stared at his phone and so, six thousand miles away, did Cass.
So what now? What had they decided? Nothing.
And Cass had not even mentioned the most important thing on his mind—the memory stick and what he uploaded earlier.

CHAPTER 34
That evening, Greg was adjusting the blanket over Dalia’s legs when the front doorbell rang.
He checked his watch. No one ever called at this hour, not even the one called Akram, who always left the gate open. He hadn’t seen Akram for a while, but nevertheless, a feeling of dread spread through Greg’s nerves because 7:30 p.m. at 18 Lansdowne Road was the time for quiet, uninterrupted domestic matters.
While Dalia sat staring at the TV, Greg read old books on history he bought at the second-hand book shop on Whitney Avenue after the visits to the hospital. He would park in the disabled space outside, check that Dalia was settled in the wheelchair, and spend ten minutes browsing the history section. It was never long enough, but that was all he could spare.
Today, he’d bought Fateful Triangle by Noam Chomsky but knew he would become agitated by Chomsky’s opinions. He put the book down and carefully drew the living room curtain aside. There was a small blue car parked on the road under the street light, but it wasn’t the one Akram used. The automatic porch light had come on, but all he could see was a shadow. He spoke to Dalia, “There’s someone at the door, Herach. I shan’t be a moment.”
When Greg opened it on the chain, a round face peered through from the other side and smiled at him. “Mr. Samoszewski? Sorry to bother you. It’s Roger Smith. We met at the hospital.”
Greg sniffed. “Oh . . . yes,” he said.
“Do you have a few minutes to spare?”
“What is it?”
“It’s about a young friend of mine called Kevin. He calls here sometimes to make deliveries. Kevin has a big problem, Mr. Samoszewski.” 
Greg continued to peer at Roger through the crack in the door, so Roger added, “He is only a young man. I wondered if you could help him.”
The door opened a fraction more. “Does the name Khan or Faisal World Travel mean anything, sir?” 
Greg still said nothing.
“You see,” Roger continued, “Kevin thinks that you also have a problem with Mr. Khan. Not to put too fine a point on it, Mr. Samoszewski, threats and blackmail seem to form part of the way Khan and his friends conduct their business. Kevin’s mum has been threatened and abused for years by Khan and others. She is even threatened if Kevin does not do as he’s told. It’s a tragic situation, Mr. Samoszewski. Would you not agree?”
“Yes,” Greg said quietly. “Fear is a terrible thing, but what can I do?”
“Mr. Samoszewski, when you told me that you called your wife Herach, it reminded me of an old Polish friend Jack Hassenfeld. Once, some years ago, when I told Jack that my wife, Madge, had cancer, he not only gave me a bunch of flowers for her but also told me a Jewish proverb that I have never forgotten. It is why I have come here to talk to you.”
The chain on the door was released, the door opened slowly, and Greg stood there in his grey V-necked jumper, white shirt, tie, and the grey trousers with the blue stain at the knee. “What was the proverb?”
“There are three things that mark out a Jew—Jack told me—a tender heart, self-respect, and charity.” 
Greg nodded, as if he’d heard it.
“He also told me another that I still remember,” Roger continued. “Perhaps you know it? ‘I ask not for a lighter burden but for broader shoulders.’”
“Yes,” Greg said, smoothing his pale face with bony fingers. “This boy Kevin. Is he with you?”
“Not at the moment, Mr. Samoszewski. I thought I’d come alone. But I think he’d like to talk to you. And he won’t bite, Mr. Samoszewski. I sometimes think he’s too naive to be dangerous.”
“My wife and I do not have many visitors, Mr. Smith,” Greg said. “But please come in.”

CHAPTER 35
Kevin’s usual route back to his attic room took him past the front door of Faisal World Travel on Park Road, down the narrow weed-filled alleyway towards Gordon’s Motors, and through the old latched door on the brick wall to the rear entrance.
It was 9:00 p.m. and dark when he passed the shop front. A strip light was on in the room directly behind the shop, and Kevin could see Khan standing, talking to someone that Kevin often saw around: a short dark middle-aged Pakistani with grey hair and a matching beard who scurried everywhere, as if in a hurry. Bashir had once told him that the man was locally known as Kooky. 
To see Khan talking to others in the shop was not unusual, and so Kevin took his usual route to the rear entrance and pushed the door open into the short dark passageway. On the left was Khan’s locked room. On the right was the stairs, and straight ahead was the door leading to the back of the shop. A crack of light shone through the bottom of the door. 
Up the stairs, on the landing, were four other doors and the fold-down ladder that Kevin used to access his attic. One of the four doors opened into the bathroom with its stained bath, the shower attachment that mostly sprayed the floor, and a seatless toilet. The other three rooms were Khan’s so-called guest rooms. One was filled with Arabic books and brochures, an old TV, and other junk. The other two were dusty, as bare as Kevin’s attic but scattered with mattresses and prayer mats. 
But from the passageway downstairs, Kevin could hear Khan’s voice, so he crept to the door and put his ear to it. They were talking mostly in Punjabi, but Kevin could often follow the gist of a conversation if it was mixed with enough English or some Arabic. Khan’s tone was strong, bordering on anger. 
“That is enough,” Khan said, as if to shut the other up. “Listen to me. The boy has disappeared. He has defied all attempts to become a martyr. He was taught new skills and given privileges. He—” 
There was a loud thud, as if Khan had banged a fist on the wall, but his next words were lost, as if he was walking around, thumping anything within reach. Then there were three very recognisable words, “Your Jewish friend. I don’t trust him.”
The other man, who Kevin thought was Kooky, then spoke, “He is too calaka.” Calaka, Kevin knew, meant clever. 
More mumbled and indecipherable words came from Khan and followed by the other man, Kooky, in Punjabi again, “Aga . . . duraghatana.” 
Kevin also knew “aga.” Bashir often said “aga” instead of cooker or stove. Aga also meant fire. 
“No. He’s useful. Understand?” 
Khan’s voice behind the door was far too close to Kevin’s ear for comfort. Thinking it could open at any minute, he made his escape up the stairs, up the ladder into his attic, and he turned the light off. Seconds later, he heard the front door onto Park Road open and close. Khan then came into the passageway, stopped outside his locked room, unlocked it, and went inside. Two minutes later, he came out again, double-locked it, and left through the rear entrance. It was 9:30 p.m.
Kevin phoned Bashir. “Bash, you asleep? What does duraghatana mean?”
“What?”
“Duraghatana or something like that.”
“Why?”
“I need to know, OK?”
“Where were you today?”
“Out, Bash. Jobs for Khan. Sorry. What does it mean?”
“Say it again.”
“Duraghatana.”
“An accident.”
“And aga is cooker or fire, yes?”
“Cooker is kūkara. Why?”
“But you always say aga.”
“A habit from my grandmother.” 
“So aga is real flames and smoke?”
“That’s it. Why do you want to know?”
“For my Punjabi lessons, Bash. Good night.”
Kevin tried to call Roger, but there was no reply. Instead, he called Walid. “What are you doing, mate?”
“Reading a Ford Kia handbook.”
“Fancy a night out?”
“What now?”
“No time like the present.”
“Where are we going?”
“To check inside Khan’s office.”
“Cool.” Walid laughed disbelievingly. “We gonna do some arson?”
“Sneak in, sneak out. I’ll do the dirty. You keep watch. OK?”
Walid sounded doubtful. “This time of night?”
“It’s a good time. Khan’s not there.”
“That’s good to know, Kev.”
“You sound too doubtful. You starting to like Khan since yesterday? Has he apologised for nicking your passport?” 
“Khan’s a sod.”
“So we’ll nick something of his. Tit for tat like.”
“It needs planning, Kev. You can’t do stuff like that without plans. How are we going to get in? Any windows?”
“One outside with bars and a blind.”
“So you can’t see in, and you can’t get in.”
“True.”
“Door?”
“Two locks.”
“And, of course, you don’t have keys.”
“True.”
“So what’s your plan, Kev?”
“I don’t know.”
“So why call me just as I was studying the wiring diagram?”
“Khan’s a sod.”
“I just told you that.”
“Yeh, well, any other ideas?”
“I’ll ask Gordon what he thinks.”
“But this is a secret operation.”
“Gordon can open doors of cars and start them without a key. He’s brilliant.” 

CHAPTER 36
The first thing Kevin did when he awoke next morning was to phone Roger. “I tried to call you last night.” 
“Worried I’d abandoned you, Kevin?”
“No. Where were you?”
 “I was with Mr. Samoszewski.”
“Mr. Greg?” Kevin exclaimed. 
“A quiet but interesting man, Kevin. A natural engineer who, out of sheer love of printing technology, set up a workshop beneath his garage.”
“I told you I smelled printing. Is he on our side?”
“Yes, and he is as innocent as the day he was born. He even showed me his workshop. High-tech printing was a hobby he started after he retired. He started by copying his own driving licence and printing it onto plastic. Somehow, others got to know. A man called Akram called, threatening to report Greg to the local council for not getting planning permission, for illegal construction, and all manner of official restrictions unless he helped them with some printing jobs.”
“Kooky Akram, Roger.”
“You know him?” 
“It’s why I’m calling you.”
“Well, wait till I finish, OK? Where was I? It seems Akram is well connected with local councillors. Might we guess who, Kevin? Anyway, it got worse. The printing jobs increased and became more complicated. The threats became more sinister. Dalia was threatened, and Greg was in a dilemma with no one to turn to. 
“He now makes new passports from stolen ones or blanks that I suspect you deliver. He knows it’s wrong, but what can he do? The threats are real. They sometimes follow his car to the hospital or the shops. Once, when Greg said he’d had enough, Akram forced his way into the house, stood over Dalia, and pulled a knife. Another time, when Greg was in the workshop, Akram arrived at the back door, went down into the workshop, and threatened to set fire to it. How would Greg like to explain the burned fake passports scattered around, let alone his hidden printing works? 
“When I showed him the copies of the passports you’d picked up from Edinburgh, he went down to the workshop and came back with all six. He’d changed the photos. Sometimes he changes names or adds visa stamps. It all depends on instructions. 
“He showed me a German passport that looked perfect to me, but Greg wasn’t happy. It was something to do with the technique he uses for re-stitching. He tried to explain, but I was lost. In her younger days, Dalia was an expert on invisible mending. She worked in a haberdashery shop and taught him something called reverse threading. Greg, Kevin, is a master of forgery that it’ll take some explaining unless we can prove he’s been doing it under duress. He even does printing under a microscope using a modified inkjet printer, but as he kept telling me, it was once a hobby. But then towards the end of the evening, I detected a new look in his eye, one of defiance and triumph. ‘There is no limit to technology,’ he told me.” 
Roger, Kevin noticed, seemed uncommonly impressed by Greg. He’d never seen this side of him before. Normally, he behaved as if he’d seen, done, and knew everything. 
“And while Greg was telling me all this,” Roger went on, “he was holding Dalia’s hand, and Dalia was trying to turn her head to see who he was talking to. So I found myself telling him about you and your mum and how we met in Scotland. He’d like to meet you Kevin. He makes delicious chocolate cake. We had cake and hot cocoa for supper. Aren’t you just a little jealous?” 
Kevin didn’t hear Roger’s last few words because his mind had drifted. “What does Akram look like?” he asked.
“Greg assumes he’s Pakistani. He’s short, he’s untidy, and Greg says he leaves the gate open. Why? You know him?”
“I think Greg’s in trouble,” Kevin said. “It’s why I tried calling you last night.”
Roger listened in silence as Kevin described what he’d heard the night before. He ended with, “Accidents and fires were mentioned, but it was mostly in Punjabi. I might have been mistaken.” 
“Mmm,” Roger muttered. “Describe the man Khan was talking to. This man Kooky.”
“His shoes are too big.”
“What are you talking about, Kevin?”
“His shoes are too big. They call him Kooky.” 
“Greg described him as short and untidy and never ties his shoelaces.”
“That’s him,” Kevin said. “Kooky Akram was here last night, talking about Greg and accidents and fires.”

CHAPTER 37
Cass walked on.
It was dark by the time he reached Sichon. By then, he decided it was a stunningly beautiful stretch of coastline of white sandy beaches, coconut palms, small fishing boats, and teeming with small crabs that ran ahead before disappearing into holes in the sand. One day, perhaps . . . 
He spent the night under a sheet in an old fishing boat that had been hauled up onto the beach. In the faint light of predawn, he washed his tee shirt and shorts in the sea, put them on to dry, and was moving again by daybreak. But he was desperately hungry and thirsty.
He checked his map. It was daunting. No, worse than that, it was impossible.
On the map, he had barely moved two inches, maybe fifty kilometres. At that rate, Surat Thani, the next sizeable town, was at least two days away. He should take a bus, anything, but he felt too scared. Meanwhile, he needed to recharge the phone and do something about his face and arms, which were sore with sunburn, and most importantly, he needed to eat, drink, and wash.
Back on the highway, he finally passed a fuel station with a 7-Eleven. He stopped and bought biscuits and water. He used the rest room to wash his face, arms, and legs while the cleaner in her white boots hosed things down between his feet, but she didn’t even look at him. 
He then sat beneath a tree to eat and, as he ate, watched trucks arriving and departing. He wondered if he could risk getting on board one for a free ride north. A coffee shop was also open, and when he wandered over, he noticed phone charging points at outside tables, so he ordered a latte, took it outside, and plugged in the old phone. 
Half an hour later, he called Kevin, who had just started work, serving on the till at Bashir’s Oriental Foods.
“Don’t waste time talking crap this time,” Cass said right at the start. “This is vital.”
“Where are you?”
“That’s a crap question already, Kev. Have you got a computer?”
“No.”
“Find one, Kev. It’s urgent. Listen to me. I uploaded some stuff from a memory stick onto our old school projects site. Remember it? If I get caught, they might find the stick, so I might throw it away just in case. But I need you to download it. It’s like evidence, Kev. You got a pen? Quick. I need to move.”
Kevin scrabbled for a pen and tore off a length of till roll as Cass continued talking. “I don’t know how much credit is on this phone. It might die at any minute. You got a pen yet?”
“Yeh.”
Cass spelled out the details. “You got all that? Read it back. It’s photos from passports I made in Turkey. It’s dynamite, Kev. Even if they find me . . .” Cass’s voice faltered. “I gotta go, Kev. I just saw a police car.” 
There was a click, and the phone cut.

***

When Kevin looked up, a woman in a black niqab was standing at the till, holding a basket of long beans and green brinjal. “Bash?” he called out. “I gotta go out a minute. Mrs. Alabar’s waiting.”
The muffled reply came from somewhere at the back of the shop. “Raktakta jahannnama. Bloody hell. Come go, come go. Bloody man Khan is it?”
Standing on the corner of Park Road, Kevin called Roger. “We need a computer, Roger.”
“Best Madge can do is a microwave, Kevin. What’s up?”
Kevin explained Cass’s call.
“So who do you know with a computer?”
 “Umm.”
“Anyone else you know, Kevin?” 
“Winston, but he’s at work.”
“How about Mr. Greg, Kevin? Greg’s got a computer in his workshop.”
“How do you know?”
“I met him last night, remember? Chocolate cake and cocoa? I’ll pick you up on Midland Road in five minutes. Look out for something small blue and slow.”
Kevin ran down Park Road, around the corner into Midland Road, and then stopped. Mr. Khan and Kooky Akram were coming towards him. It was too late to go back, change direction, or cross the road. Kevin stopped. “Subha savera, Mr. Khan.” 
Khan never returned greetings. “Going somewhere?” he said as Akram held back.
“Nowhere much, Mr. Khan.”
“I have a delivery for Lansdowne Road,” Khan said.
“But I have no car, Mr. Khan.”
“Take the bus. Follow me.”
Kevin swore beneath his breath. Roger’s blue Fiat had just passed by in a line of cars and buses, but what could he do but follow Khan and watch Kooky Akram’s shoelaces dragging along the pavement. He caught up with Khan. “Mr. Khan, I need to tell Bashir I’ll be out for an hour or so.”
He crossed the road to Bashir’s and nearly collided with Mrs. Alabar coming out. 
“Urgent job for Khan,” he told Bashir.
Bashir was now on the till. “Fucking bastard man,” he spat. “He thinks no one else has business to run?”
When Kevin went in through the front door of Faisal World Travel, Khan was behind the dusty desk and Akram was on a chair opposite. Between them sat a small envelope sealed with brown tape. Khan picked it up, and without even speaking or looking at Kevin, he handed it over. Kevin left and called Roger as he walked.
“What’s up?” Roger asked. “Was that Khan?”
“Yeh and Akram. You see his shoes? I had to go back. I’ve got a package for Greg.”
“How timely. Meet me in the Tesco car park.”
A short while later, they were turning into Lansdowne Road. “What worries me, Kevin, is if they constantly watch Greg’s house,” Roger said.
“What if they hack Greg’s calls?”
“There’s a time and place for negative thoughts, Kevin.”
“Yesterday, you told me to be more imaginative.”
“Let’s not fight over adjectives. Go and ring the bell.”

CHAPTER 38
As Kevin rang the bell at 18 Lansdowne Road, I was checking out of the Happy Life Resort. 
My little friend with the sparkling flip-flops and black fringe waved me off. I was sure I detected a sort of sadness in her eye, but I couldn’t linger because James was waiting outside with the engine running.
He seemed to have a system for tying bags on the back because it only took him a minute to lash my bag to the frame with an elasticated hook. Where his own toothbrush and clean underwear was, I didn’t ask. Maybe he could make things last longer than me. 
My first question, spoken after I’d found his ear, was “Where are we going?” It seemed a reasonable one.
“North,” he said. But we’d barely been on the road for five minutes when he pulled in at a fuel station. “Coffee break,” he said.
Why is it that smokers always seem to dehydrate quicker than us non-smokers? Is it because they’re also addicted to caffeine? Sitting outside the coffee shop, we repeated the routine—James sipping coffee and smoking and me drinking water. On this occasion, James sat with phone on the table and headphones on, as if he was expecting a call. I was right because he suddenly stood up and walked away. 

***

I must now explain something else because things had been happening that Kevin didn’t know about.
Roger had already told Kevin about Hamish’s police background. That news in itself had made Kevin nervous enough to do as Roger had told him and call Hamish to thank him for fixing his car and for being so understanding.
Hamish, impressed by Kevin’s call, then called Roger, and Roger explained what he’d learned so far—a short history of Park Road, his meeting with Kevin’s mum, and then Greg. “It’s been going on a long time, Hamish. Everyone’s been turning a blind eye.” 
For a whole day, Hamish pondered on how he could help. Roger then called again with some more news. 
“Kevin’s overheard serious threats against Greg, Hamish. And we now have a new name, Kooky Akram. Point is, I think we’re only seeing the tip of the iceberg. But no one’s likely to do anything on the basis of something Kevin’s overheard, and they’ve already dismissed everything his mum has said as the irrational outpourings of someone with a personality problem.”
“Aye,” Hamish agreed. “I guarantee the police will do nothing, Roger. When I was in the police, we’d ignore stories based on eavesdropping of private conversations, especially in sensitive parts of town. And Kevin is translating from less than perfect Punjabi. Nonstarter, Roger. 
“They are also extremely unlikely to risk a rerun of the street riots of a few years back. Answering press and media questions about overreacting would require carefully crafted replies and risk being misunderstood. I can hear the words of the chief constable to senior officers right now: ‘We can’t risk it. Things will be taken out of context. It’ll get out of control just like before.’ 
“He’d be right, of course. The press would descend like a pack of dogs. They’d love it, Roger. All you’d get would be accusations, confusion, and more questions. And, if you’ve got a local politician looking for opportunities to attack the police, it would become an absolute mess. What’s more, the community would close ranks.
“Deliberately not stirring up certain matters, however extreme, has become the norm. It’s racist. It’s discrimination. Things must be calmed down. Quelled. Hushed up. Brushed under the carpet. Out of sight and out of mind. They’ll want to keep a lid on it. Tread carefully. Creep around on tiptoes. Smile and continue to spread feelings of happiness and tolerance, even when there isn’t any. That’s what the police will do. They can’t win these days. 
“Why do you think I took early retirement to watch sheep grazing, Roger? Sheep don’t care. They’re all the same whether they’re black, white, brown, old, or young. They don’t discriminate, get jealous, or suffer from mutual suspicion. They don’t feel they’re getting a bad deal, while all the other sheep are doing so much better. They live together with never a cross word. Trouble nowadays is that someone opened the window and allowed political correctness to fly in and old-fashioned common sense to fly out. Common sense is what solves problems, but it’s become a rare commodity.”
Roger didn’t reply because he understood.
“Keep going as long as you can, Roger,” Hamish advised. “Keep everything to yourselves for a while. No need to involve the law just yet—if ever. When the time comes to involve them, then let’s talk about it first.”
Roger agreed. 
“Keep me posted,” Hamish said. “You should retire anyway, Roger. Find yourself a new hobby as a criminal investigator.”
They’d laughed at that until Hamish suggested something else. 
“I’ll tell you what, though, Roger. I’ve still got a few useful contacts that aren’t in the police. One of them is a guy called Colin Asher. He’s a private investigator who specialises in serious international commercial crime. I’ll talk to him. If he thinks he can help and calls you back, trust him.” 
At midnight, as he slept on his bunk in the truck, Roger’s phone rang. It was Colin Asher. The call lasted over an hour.
“Our immediate priority is getting Cass out of Thailand,” Roger said finally.
“Understood,” Colin Asher had said. “I’ll call one of our local agents.” 

***

I, of course, knew nothing of all this as I waited for Jimmy to finish talking to whoever it was. He eventually sauntered back with his earplugs dangling. 
“OK,” he said, throwing his latest half-finished joint away and waving his keys. “Let’s go.”
I didn’t move an inch because I just didn’t feel like it.
“Come on, man. Let’s go,” he repeated.
“Where are we going?” I said, slowly draining the last of my water.
“We’ll aim for Surat Thani and wait for information.”
I stayed sitting. “Information from where?”
“London,” he said. “You coming or not?”
I sniffed and remembered what he’d said earlier. “Stay cool, Kurt. Don’t get so agitated. Listen to me. The guy who phoned me is an international crime investigator.”
I sighed. I still had a load of questions I needed answers to, but what else could I do right then? I stood up.
“Good,” he said, lighting yet another stick. “Maybe we’ll camp by the roadside tonight. You OK with that, Kurt? I wouldn’t want to deny you all the comforts of a five-star hotel.”
You see why I disliked his style? I wanted to hit him but resisted the temptation. “I just wish you’d stop smoking those stinking death sticks,” I retorted.
“Not possible, Kurt. Been doing it too long. Take it or leave it.”
“You won’t mind then if I pursue my own habit and mince Chiclets?”
He looked at me through the blue haze. “What the fuck?”
“Chiclets, man. Where you been? I can blow bigger blimps than you’ve ever seen in your life. And you know what, Jimmy James? Just don’t forget I’m sitting behind you on that fancy machine of yours, and if you don’t stop treating me like a kid with nothing between his ears, you’ll find your dirty smoke-filled locks become so stuck up with chewed Chiclets you’ll need a total haircut to get rid of it. How cool would it be to look like Phil Collins?”
He stared. Then he smiled. I didn’t return the smile but remounted the bike as he continued to blow smoke. “Are you coming or not?” 

CHAPTER 39
“Can I have a word, Gord?”
Walid was standing outside Gordon’s office.
“Problem, Wally?”
“I need some advice, Gord.”
“First things first, Wally. What was the problem with that Ford Kia of Mr. Akram’s? He’s been wasting our time for weeks with that clockwork toy. Never a problem whenever I try it. 
“Nor me, Gord. It was a wire. Every time he uses the clutch, his shoes catch on it. I told him it’s dangerous to drive with shoelaces undone.”
“Quite right, Wally. How he ever got a driving licence, I don’t know.”
“Probably another forgery.”
Gordon nodded. “Seems like an epidemic around here, Wally.”
“Which is why I need some advice, Gord. How can I open a lock without a key?”
“Lost the key to your luxury Shipley Street condominium, Wally?”
Walid hesitated. “I need to unlock another door.”
“Where? Don’t be shy, Wally. What door?”
“Mr. Khan’s office. Kevin calls it tit for tat, Gord.”
Gordon tapped his teeth, sensing something furtive. “I see. Come on in and shut the door. What’s going on?”
It took Walid several minutes to tell Gordon about Kevin and Cass and Kurt in Thailand. He was still tapping his teeth when Wald finished with, “That’s about all I know, Gord.” 
Gordon then took a deep breath and blew the lungful back out. “How’s Kevin’s mum?” he asked. 
Walid shrugged. “Kev doesn’t talk about her much. He kinda fidgets and goes quiet.”
“I’ve been living around here too long, Wally. She’s a nice lady. Her name’s Silvia. She used to work in Pakistan. Did you know that? I fixed her red Volkswagen Golf car once, years ago—the one Kevin took over when Khan evicted them from Shipley Street.” He frowned and scratched his head with oily black hands. “Did you know I lost my wife from cancer ten years ago?”
“Sorry to hear that, Gord.”
“When I last saw Silvia, Kevin’s mum, she was so thin and pale I thought she also had cancer. But I think it had more to do with things around here. She said something once to a news reporter around the time of the police raid on the mosque and the street demo that Mohamed Basra led. Khan was involved. Everyone had suspicions about the mosque and the possibility of a few extremists hanging out around here. You just got to look at some of the magazines and newspapers in the local shops to realise they’re not exactly full of news that most people associate with friendly relations and kindly thoughts. I once took home a bunch of carrots wrapped in an Arabic-language newspaper full of photos of guys on a mountaintop waving flags and Kalashnikovs. It spoiled my dinner. 
“But with Mr. Basra getting re-elected every time nothing ever happens, of course. Too sensitive, you see. I think Kevin’s mum gets threatened to keep her mouth shut. If so, she’s probably not alone. I haven’t seen Silvia for a while, but she used to have this nervous look about her. But when you talk to her quietly, she’s very knowledgeable. She even speaks Punjabi.”
Gordon leaned back in his squeaky chair, put his hands behind his head, and looked at Walid, whose knees, as usual, were jigging up and down.
Gordon didn’t talk to many people. He sometimes talked to Mel in the Wheatsheaf if the pub was quiet, but it was only ever about football or rugby or the weather or the lack of parking space around Midland Road. He talked to customers, of course, but only about shock absorbers and drive belts, and he spoke on the phone to his parts supplier about gaskets and filters. At home, he talked to his fifteen-year-old parrot, Pinky, because Pinky’s mate, Perky, had died just after Imelda, Gordon’s wife, had succumbed to cancer. He talked to Walid because, despite his unshaven chin and upper lip, Walid was interesting. Gordon had only ever lived around Park Road, but young Walid had lost his mum, lived through war and street battles, and travelled halfway around the world to get to Park Road. Could he have done that? Gordon wasn’t sure. He leaned forward to continue his story.
“Yes,” he said. “It got very sensitive around the time of those street riots. It didn’t last long, but the media took an interest for a few days. They only like trouble. Who watches peaceful gatherings? And if they started asking questions, they’d get no answers. No one wanted to dig deep because you can’t upset the community by mentioning things that cause offence. If you were too outspoken and mentioned rumours and suspicions, most of which should, by rights, have been taken seriously, you’d be accused of racism and get a flurry of abuse from the likes of Councillor Mohamed Basra or the group of ageing students and welfare beneficiaries with blue hair who live in that crack commune on Baker Street. 
“It’s useless complaining, Wally. You’d be silenced by talk of hate crimes, intolerance, racism, and discrimination. Welcome to our diverse and tolerant society, Wally. I always decided it was best just to get on with earning an honest living with an honest day’s work, paying your tax, and trying to live within the law of the land.” 
Walid sat, listening and looking at Gordon’s big face, cheeks, lips, and how he gesticulated by waving his big oily hands around. Sensing that he still hadn’t finished, he waited for more and focussed on the tufts of hair that sprouted from his ears. 
“After a few days, things calmed down,” Gordon went on, referring once more to the short-lived street demonstrations. “Yes, they subsided quickly—suspiciously quickly. Like everyone else, the press found that asking questions was pointless because everyone just turned their backs or walked on by. They were scared, you see, just like Silvia. Funnily they never came in here. Didn’t know we existed, I expect, but I don’t know what I’ve had told them even if they had. What good are feelings or suspicions? I’m as guilty as the rest of them, I suppose. I just kept working. So nothing changed. 
“In fact, I think confidence grew when they realised they got away with it. Mohamed Basra got re-elected. No surprise there. And people, like Kevin’s mum, stayed quiet. Intimidation is a bloodless but very effective weapon, Wally. Community’s clam up if they’re scared. Silvia’s still living around here. I think she’s got one of those single person’s flats over on Woodlands Road. Nice woman. She probably knows more than anyone.” 
Gordon’s longest speech ever dwindled away as Walid listened. Even his knees had stopped jigging. But it all fitted perfectly with his own brief experience and with what Kevin had told him. It also matched my own carefully chosen words about watching out for all the dog shit lying in and around Park Road.
Walid decided it was time to give Gordon some fresh news.
“Kevin’s car broke down in Scotland a few days ago,” he said. “I warned him never to go far, but he still went because Khan told him to go to collect a parcel. He collected it from another Khan—Wazir Khan. And guess what, Gord? The parcel contained forged passports and some metal tubes with wires that Kevin says . . .”
He didn’t finish because Gordon, still sitting on his chair, rolled it back across the greasy black floor. Then he stood up and, as Walid watched, went for a walk around his tiny office. He leaned for a moment on a pile of dusty old box files, wiped a finger across one of them, inspected it, and rubbed the grime on his sleeve. Then he turned back to Walid. “Which door?”
“The one just inside Khan’s back door.”
“Why that one?”
“Kevin says it’s where Khan stores things and spends a lot of time.”
“Where’s Kevin now?”
“With his friend Roger.”
“Who’s Roger?”
Another long explanation followed. 
“Roger sounds as old as me. Is he?” Gordon asked.
“Probably older, Gord.”
Gordon grinned. “When are you intending to do the deed, Wally?”
“Tonight.”
“Call, Kevin, will you? I’d like to speak to him—and his grandad.”

CHAPTER 40
On Lansdowne Road, Dalia was watching morning TV in an armchair when Kevin and Roger arrived.
“They are friends, Herach,” he said to her. “You can say shalom?” But Dalia’s head only fell to one side, and her mouth opened.
Greg placed the new package Kevin brought on the table. He opened it and out fell a small pile of passport-size photos together with a slip of white paper. 
“Instructions?” Roger asked.
Greg nodded. “I already have the blank passports. I now attach the photos, or I digitalise them and overlay them with a stamp or an impression. It depends on the type of passport, you see. It is routine. I will do it later.” He sighed loudly, resignedly, took out his handkerchief, wiped his nose, and stuffed it back in his pocket. “Would you like to see my workshop, Kevin? You can then use the computer.” 
If asked what a workshop looked like, Kevin might have used Gordon’s garage as an example. Greg’s workshop was not like Gordon’s. It was smaller with a shiny grey-painted floor, strip lights, and work tops as good and clean as a restaurant kitchen. 
On a bench behind a clear plastic curtain sat a green machine. “A mini lathe,” Greg said proudly, passing a finger over the top, as if checking for dust. “It’s the best—a 100mm chuck and a brushless motor.”
There was a cupboard with paper. “This is not ordinary paper,” he said. “Modern high-security passports use polycarbonate data pages, and there are companies who make the most advanced machines for digital printing for credit cards and licences. It was always my wish to . . . but then, things do not always work out as one might wish. Nevertheless, it is surprising what you can do with ingenuity.”
Roger had had the tour and lecture the night before, so he perched on Greg’s stool and listened.
“The solution is to use techniques that incorporate multiple security features,” Greg explained. “Papers and inks are only sold to secure printing companies, so there is always some risk in trying to create good copies. Printing passport numbers to avoid detection is also highly specialised. Beneath the microscope, you will see that the tiny dots that make up the numbers are not all circular discs but squares, triangles, and stars. I can show you if you like.”
He didn’t but moved on, with his eyes sometimes shutting and his white hands clasped together, as if in prayer. It was pride, Roger decided as he watched. It was as if Greg had been waiting for visitors to view his workshop for years.
“I would like to experiment with lasers,” Greg continued. “With lasers, it is possible to burn undetectable but coded microscopic holes through pages. I could also etch patterns into metal plates that can, with multicoloured inks and high pressure, add to the difficulties of copying passports and produce the most wonderful tactile feel to paper. Printing is the most exciting technology. No?”
He then removed the protective cloth from a microscope fitted with an array of attachments. “A second-hand Nikon that I have adapted,” he told Kevin.
“And this?” Kevin asked, looking at an old black-and-gold hand-turned Singer sewing machine that sat next to Greg’s computer. 
“It belonged to Dalia. Stitching is another skill, but I have modified this machine. It is now very sensitive and extremely accurate.”
Above the sewing machine hung a picture frame with a collection of old photos. “Who are these people, Mr. Greg?”
“It is my mother, Eva, and my father, Isaac.”
“He looks like you, Mr. Greg. Same glasses. So when did you become a forger, Mr. Greg?”
Roger winced at Kevin’s question.
“I am not a forger,” Greg replied, with a force that surprised Kevin. “I am a printer. Just as others enjoy gardening, making model aircraft, or watching football, printing is my hobby. All I ever wanted to do was experiment with printing technology.” He sighed and put a soft hand on Kevin’s shoulder. “My apologies. I did not mean to shout. Do you want to know how my problem began?”
Kevin nodded and then listened to Greg’s description of his first encounter with Kooky Akram. 
“He is not a nice man. Very aggressive. He wanted me to copy some birth certificates and university diplomas, but I refused. Then he threatened to inform Councillor Mohamed Basra that I’d broken building regulations and that I’d be made to dismantle my workshop or I would need expensive insurance and fire certificates and that there would be other problems because I was running an unregistered business from home. Dalia was upset by his manner. The next day, a car followed me to the hospital with Dalia. It followed us home and parked outside. The next morning, he came again, asking me to print industrial health and safety certificates. Again, I refused.
“The next day, I received a letter from the council—an enforcement notice advising me that the fine for noncompliance with planning was a minimum of £20,000. I did not know what to do, but Akram then came again. He asked me if I had received a letter. I said yes. He then reminded me that he had warned me of this, but that he could arrange for it to be cancelled if I helped him. What could I do? He forced his way into the house and stood over Dalia, so I copied his certificates and told him never to come again and to stop intimidating me and Dalia. He laughed.
“Two days later, he came again. This time, he wanted me to change the photo in a Turkish passport. I knew how to do it because I’d made a reasonable copy of my own passport as an experiment, but I refused. That night, a stone was thrown through our front window. I called the police. The police asked me to call in to make a statement and lodge a complaint, but Dalia was not well. She’d fallen from the wheelchair. I took her to the hospital. She had injured her wrist. Akram called again . . . You want me to continue?”
Roger stood. “It’s enough,” he said. “We understand.” He looked at Kevin. “You see now how intimidation, harassment, and threats work, Kevin?”
Kevin nodded. “Councillor Mohamed Basra again? Just like my mum said.”
Greg nodded. “He has been a city councillor for a long time,” he said. “I remember him from the time of the demonstrations.”
He sat down, wiped his forehead with his handkerchief, and took a deep breath, as if to control his anger. Then, as if to distract himself, he pulled out a maroon-coloured British passport from a drawer and flipped the blank pages. “Blank passports arrive in packages that you deliver, Kevin. A British one is rare, but someone knows how to obtain them.”
Roger nodded. “Another question that needs an answer.”
Greg agreed. “Yes,” he said. “I am ashamed of my participation in such fraud, but my responsibility is Dalia, Roger. If something happens to her, then my plan is to give myself up. When I told Akram that, he laughed. He said they’d kill me first.”
He paused. “But . . .” he said. A flicker of a smile appeared. “Let me show you my trick. My alibi.”
He walked over to the microscope and carefully fitted a small stainless-steel tool to the eyepiece. “My father used to tell me that whenever life throws stones, I should pick them up and turn them into diamonds.”
Kevin grinned. “Revenge?”
Greg shook his finger. “He would also tell me that I should erase all feelings of revenge from my heart.”
“So what happened to an eye for an eye, a tooth for a tooth?” Roger asked.
The smile reappeared. “Ah, my father would also say that everything depends on the context. He would quote King Solomon who said that there is a time to kill and a time to heal, a time to love and a time to hate, a time for peace and a time for war.”
He picked up a blank Turkish passport, opened it on the first page, placed it on the microscope stage, moved it around, and stood back.
“I will go to war,” he said. “They sought my skills through intimidation and threats, so I will give them something in return. If an artist or a writer is expected to sign their work, then why shouldn’t an engineer and inventor?”
He moved aside for Roger to peer through the eyepiece. “You see? On the front page of every passport I have ever made is a small dot created with my own nano printing technology. It is only visible under a microscope, but you will see a star of David. Do you see it?”
Roger nodded.
“And inside each star there is a single word written in Hebrew.”
 “What word?” Kevin asked, intrigued.
“Ziyuf,” Greg said. “Ziyuf is such a nice short word. It means fake or forgery.” He paused, perhaps to let the significance sink in. Then, “Now, if you’ll excuse me, I must see Dalia. Feel free to use the computer.”

***

Within minutes, Kevin and Roger were scrolling through two hundred and eighty-six passport photos, all with names, and most of them were with passport numbers and country of issue. 
“Right then, Kevin,” Roger said. “I’ve got something to tell you. You might think that an old man needs his regular eight hours sleep, but that’s not always the case.”
He then explained Hamish’s suggestion about how to handle evidence. “You’re darned lucky, Kevin, you know that? If Hamish hadn’t given you a chance, I reckon you’d be sat peering through bars in Her Majesty’s Prison in Edinburgh. What he suggested about saying and doing nothing while we gather evidence makes sense. Tiptoeing, he called it. Otherwise, we’ll end up with you getting all the blame and living on bread and water, while Khan and everyone else deny all knowledge and carry on as usual. It made even more sense when he suggested I talk to a friend of his in London, an international crime investigator called Colin Asher. Mr. Asher and I talked for an hour during the middle of the night, and he’s on the case. So what I propose is that we send all this information to Colin Asher. See what he makes of it. Agree?”
They agreed.
Then Kevin’s phone rang. It was Cass.
“Yeh, we got it, man,” Kevin said. “Nice work. We’re sending it to London . . . Yeh, London, you heard . . . Don’t worry man . . . Stay cool . . . You’re wasting time, Cass. Stop asking stupid questions . . . Where are you?”
“I’m sitting by the roadside. I got a lift, hiding at the back of a truck, but it suddenly turned off and headed into the jungle. Wasted my time. I had to jump off and walk back. This battery’s going, and the credit must be nearly finished. I need a decent phone, Kev, but I’m too scared to show my face in a phone shop or on a bus. I saw my photo in a newspaper, and I keep seeing police. But I’m never sure if it’s me they’re looking for or . . . I’m dripping sweat and knackered, Kev. My trainers are falling apart and I need a good sleep and I think I’m going crazy. I’m dehydrated and—”
“Stay cool, Cass.”
“Stay cool? You’re an idiot, Kev. It’s thirty-eight degrees here. I need a new phone.”
“You said that already. We’ve hired a private investigator.”
“A what?”
“A private investigator that Roger says tracks fuselages.”
 “A what?”
“A fuselage.”
“Fugitive, you plonker.”
“What’re you eating, Cass?”
“Peanuts. It’s my dinner.”
“I had a bacon sandwich.”
“I gotta move again, man, but I can’t even read the road signs.”
“Where’re you heading, Cass?”
“I told you before. Bangkok. It’ll take six months at this rate, but if you keep calling, it’ll take a year.”
“It was you who called me.”
“Oh, yeh. Anything else to tell me?”
“Nothing, except I sort of panic each time you call. I’ll check with Roger. Hang on.” 
Roger raised his hand, ready to smack the back of Kevin’s head but, instead, took the phone. “Sorry about Kevin, Cass. Listen, we know you’re not in a good position right now, but explanations about what we’re up to can wait. Anything more you can tell us about the photos you sent?”
“Photo 104 is me—Cemil Demir, Turkish passport. And number 36 and 48 bother me.”
“OK. We’ll check them out. Do you have enough money to buy a better phone, even a used one?”
“I’m too scared to go in shops.” 
“I understand. Be patient.” 
“Yes,” Cass said thoughtfully. “Is Kevin still there?”
“He’s always here. I haven’t been able to rid myself of him for days. You want a last word?”
Kevin grabbed the phone again. “Sorry, mate. I never know what to say on the phone.”
“No problem. I’ve got to move.”
“Yeh, me too. I’m breaking into Khan’s office tonight with Walid.”
“You’re what?”
Then the phone died.

CHAPTER 41
Cass was exhausted. His feet were sore with blisters, his face and neck were burned by sun, and every step he took sent a sharp pain through his right knee. His pace was half what it had been when he started, and the distance was only becoming longer as he detoured into side roads or fields to avoid being seen by traffic. All he could do was stumble on walking as fast as he could so as not to attract attention, pretending that he knew where he was going.
But he couldn’t pretend much longer. He needed somewhere to rest up. The phone was dead, his water was gone, and he was hungry, thirsty, and dirty. His trainers and socks had holes, and he felt disorientated and confused, as if it was all a bad dream.
Who exactly was Roger? Why was Kurt in Thailand, and where was he? And what was this about a private investigator? Whose side were they all on? Could it be that they were all being bribed, hoodwinked, deceived, or tricked by Khan just as he had been?
Sheer monotony was making matters worse. He was on a narrow concrete track bordered by uncut grass that ran alongside the highway with just a long stretch of straight road ahead. Flat fields, dotted with dilapidated wooden shacks, lay on his left. Forested hills were in the far distance. There were no shops, buildings, houses, or turn-offs ahead, but cars, trucks, motorcycles, and buses roared past, heading both north and south.
He checked the phone. But why? The thing was dead, so should he just hurl it into the field? 
“Move on, Cass. Overcome fear through your own courage. Take refuge in the Buddha.”
He had told Ajahn Lee he didn’t understand.
“Understanding is not sudden, like a bolt of lightning. Understanding is gradual. The long road to understanding is like a sandy beach, a gradual slope that may go on for many miles until the sudden drop into the deep ocean. It’s self-discipline. It’s self-training and slow progression, with the final understanding coming only after a long road.”
This was certainly a long road. He wasn’t climbing a mountain like the snail, but it felt like it. “He was slow and the mountain very high, but he knew that if he persevered, he could make it. Whatever you do, wherever you go, remember the snail, Cass.”
“Did the snail die before he reached the top?” he’d asked jokingly.
During the night, as he sheltered in a ramshackle tin-roofed hut in a field close to the roadside, a torrential storm with thunder and lightning had swept through with a wind that rattled the hut. In an hour, he’d gone from sweating to shaking with cold and wet. By daylight, the storm was gone, the sky was blue, and the sun was as hot as ever.
He passed a small copse of banana trees, and when he pulled on a hanging bunch of the fruit, cool and clear rainwater cascaded from above. He caught as much as he could in his hands, let it run over his head and arms, and then ate the freshest, most delicious bananas he’d ever tasted.
As he sat, peeling bananas, he checked his trainers. The soles of both had peeled back like a banana. At every step, a thin slice of rubber scuffed the ground, and when he held his foot up to examine it, it dangled. He put some bananas in his bag, re-joined the road, walked on, and then passed a length of blue nylon cord that might have fallen from a truck. He walked back to it and picked it up. 
“Fools wait for a lucky day, but every day is lucky to an industrious man.”
He wound it around the worst of his shoes. It was far too long, and scissors would have been useful. With scissors, he could have fixed both shoes. A piece of broken bottle glass sorted that. He sawed at the cord until it snapped and wound it around the other shoe. He was two inches taller now, and that, in itself, felt good, but he knew it wouldn’t last. 
By mid-afternoon, the flatness of the countryside disappeared. To his left, the west, the forested hills had become closer, and in the far distance, set into the hills, he saw a huge white-and-gold Buddha. 
“In this bag is a letter. It is signed by me and requests the Ajahn in charge of any temple you pass to help you. Remember, Cass. The way forward is not written in the sky but in your heart.”
He found a rough, overgrown track that looked as if it might lead towards the temple, and so, with his backpack on one shoulder and Ajahn Lee’s bag across the other, he started walking again. 
“Take refuge in the Buddha.”

CHAPTER 42
Jimmy suddenly stopped the bike beneath a tree, shut the engine, and still sitting astride the bike, took another call through his headphones.
I dismounted and tried to listen in, but it was entirely one sided. “Yeh . . . No . . . Sure . . . Heading north . . . How far do you think he’s got?”
I, of course, had no idea who he was talking to. The call ended, and he stuffed the phone into the deep pocket of his orange trousers. “We’ll motor on, Kurt.”
“Great,” I said. “Any chance of some explanations?”
Perhaps I was still under suspicion because he seemed to think it necessary to think about that first. He hadn’t yet restarted the engine. Instead, he dismounted, propped the bike, pointed towards the grassy verge, and said, “Sit,” as if I was a dog.
I didn’t sit, but he did. He found a patch of shade, and of course, it was now time to roll another and inhale some smoke as I strolled about in the sun, wiping sweat. Finally, he sprang to his feet but still stayed in his own patch of shade. I was standing, playing with a long piece of grass and trying to make it whistle like I used to in the park when I was a kid. It wouldn’t whistle, which was frustrating. 
“Listen up, Kurt. Your friend, Cass, is still on the run somewhere south of Surat Thani according to the only phone track we managed. Even that was vague. He’s using an old Nokia, and . . . and anyway, if you feel you need to talk to your English friends, Kevin or Walid, or whoever and check for some first-hand, then feel free. I shan’t object.”
I tossed my useless piece of grass aside. “That’s so good of you,” I said. “Can I call my friends? Are you sure you don’t mind?”
He looked at me, smirked, and deliberately blew smoke at my face.
“For information,” he said, “this thing looks a whole lot bigger than it did a day or so ago. You still wanna come?”
What a stupid question. I’d already forgotten my plan for a holiday of peace and tranquillity, of forest walks and searching for toucans. And here I was standing on a grass verge by a main road between somewhere and somewhere else with trucks roaring past, and my only form of transport was a seat behind a guy with long greasy hair smelling of smoke and stale sweat.
I shrugged. I was desperate to know what I could do about Cass, but as far as I knew, he could have been a thousand miles away by now. It felt hopeless, like the old saying of looking for a needle in a haystack.
Surprisingly, though, Jimmy started to talk. He didn’t move around but just stood there in his patch of shade. If I wanted to know anything, then it was up to me to go and stand within hearing distance, which, of course, meant standing in the sun. But at least I started to learn a few things.
He told me everything he knew or at least what he thought I should know.

***

Two years before, Cass had gone to Turkey on a ticket he’d bought from Khan. On arrival in Istanbul, he’d been abducted by some friends or relatives of Khan, was taken somewhere, and was forced to make fake passports and other stuff for Al Qaida or ISIL. Then he’d been sent to fight in Syria, survived against all the odds, and got back to Turkey only to be recaptured again by the Khans.
Then he’d got a break. It seems he was, by then, trusted enough and thought to be sufficiently brainwashed and radicalised to be sent to Malaysia to join ISIL- sponsored groups sprouting up around Southeast Asia, especially Malaysia and Indonesia. Instead, he’d escaped across the Thai border and found refuge in a Buddhist temple near Nakhon Si Thammarat.

***

That sounded more like the Cass I remembered. None of us ever imagined him as Moslem, let alone as a potential Islamic terrorist.
Now he was on the move again because the police thought he was responsible for planting a bomb somewhere. It looked like he’d been set up. The police had tracked him down from immigration photos, and his photo was on Facebook and TV and in the papers. Cass was a wanted man and on the run.
All this had come from a few phone calls he’d been able to make to Kevin.
By then, I’d managed to find a patch of shade next to this stinking Yank and was starting to understand and believe things.
For one thing, Jimmy seemed different. He still looked dirty and smelled disgusting, but I started to think that maybe, given a chance, he might one day take a shower, use a deodorant, and give up smoking. He was definitely an interesting and slightly mysterious sort of guy. He was also old enough to be my father, not that that seemed at all likely. As I’ve mentioned, my mother preferred black West Indian guys with dreadlocks, not white Americans with long straight greasy hair.
“We’ll aim for just short of Surat Thani,” he said, as if that was it. “Maybe just camp by the roadside and wait for information.”
Questions were piling up in my thoughts. He’d started his explanation, making me think all this had come from Kevin and a guy called Roger, but there was clearly more to it than that.
“So where’s all this information coming from?” I asked. “I can tell you. I’ve never imagined Kevin as an expert on foreign police and Islamic terrorism. He barely talks any sense on a phone. Panic sets in when he gets connected to someone via technology he doesn’t understand. He’s more focussed on the wonders of communications technology than what they’re actually talking about.”
“Yeh,” Jimmy said. “It’s all being pieced together by a real pro. His name’s Colin Asher. I do jobs for him from time to time.”
Ah, I thought, here we go again. Just as I thought. More snippets are available if you keep prodding. Prod some more. I’m not moving from this spot until I know what it is. “UK police?” I asked.
He shook his head. “A private investigator. The plan is not to involve the police just yet, in case the extent of the problem gets lost in political correctness.”
The extent of the problem? It sounded like this thing went far deeper than Cass and Khan came instantly to my mind. If Khan was the one who’d started this, then Khan was likely to be still involved somewhere.
And I understood political correctness. Don’t forget I’d been living in Shipley Street during the street demos around Park Road. The police had gone into the Park Road mosque and then crept away like scared dogs with their tails between their legs.
We all knew that modern police stood back and scratched their heads instead of going in with guns blazing like they used to. They were confused by political correctness. People understood that only too well, and so some took advantage.
Others sympathised because they, too, were confused and felt scared to do or say anything in case they fell foul of the system. This was the way things were. A new sort of culture had replaced the old-fashioned one where good and bad and rights and wrongs were clearly defined by the law.
The Ten Commandments had become the Ten Disputed Wish Lists, and we were back with the archbishop spouting weak-kneed shit about God not being the celestial insurance policy we’d always thought he was and that the weak and vulnerable needed to rise up and take over from the strong and determined.
The police around Park Road had backed away, intimidated, as if they’d seen the archbishop himself heading a vast army of the weak and vulnerable armed with smart phones and abusive words. Except it hadn’t been the archbishop but the imam from Park Road mosque and a local councillor.
“Who’s decided it’s best not to involve the police?” I asked Jimmy.
Jimmy hesitated. “Pass,” he said. “I might find out later.”
I was so pleased to hear that Stinker didn’t know. Stinker was being kept in the dark. He was following instructions.
“Our job is to find Cass,” he said quickly.
It was as if he knew I’d just sussed him as a junior help to someone way above his head. Our relationship was changing.

CHAPTER 43
“Make some tea, Wally.”
They’d only just met, but Roger and Gordon had taken an instant liking to one another. They were all sitting around the table behind Gordon’s hydraulic car lift as Walid and Kevin listened.
“A Volvo FM,” Roger explained. “Driving a truck these days is like piloting a Boeing 747, except it needs steering. That won’t last. Give it a few more years and trucks will drive themselves. Robots will take orders, print invoices, carry goods to trucks, and then remotely drive the truck to its destination where more robots take over. What’ll we do, Gordon? Robots will fix robot cars.”
“These young guys just don’t realise what’s happening,” Gordon said, sipping his mug of tea. “I’m always telling Walid to think and plan twenty years ahead. ‘Be prepared,’ I tell him.”
Roger nodded. “Wise words, Gordon. It’s almost here now. There’s no leaning out of the cab window to reverse like the old days, oh no. There’s three on board cameras, engine breaking switches. It’s all digital. Skill has gone. Thinking and planning ahead has gone. Who can map read these days?”
“More tea?” Gordon asked, hitting Walid’s elbow to get him to top up Roger’s mug.
Roger then explained what they knew about Cass. Gordon described some of the history of the area and said he’d known Kevin’s mum, Silvia. Roger then told Gordon about Greg.
“It’s all true then,” Gordon said. “Just as I’d always thought. It’s like the mafia complete with threats and intimidation.”
Then it was Kevin’s turn to explain to Gordon about his father, his real name, his jobs for Khan, and the parcel he’d picked up from Edinburgh. “Roger saved me,” he concluded.
Walid had listened in silence until Gordon nudged him again. “Go on, Wally. Your turn. Don’t be shy. Tell Roger about your passport and Mr. Khan.”
Walid explained what had happened, and that it had cost him five hundred pounds. Then Kevin had the brilliant idea of checking Walid’s passport under the microscope for Greg’s signature.
Finally, Gordon took over. “Now then, Kevin, Wally tells me you’d like to see inside Khan’s room by the back door. How often does Khan go in there?”
“Often, but I’m not there all day.”
“Anyone else go in?”
“Yes. It’s locked, but I’ve heard others inside. Kooky goes in.”
“Kooky Akram?” Gordon erupted. “That asshole who can’t drive a car? What sort of lock, Kevin?”
“There are two. One with push buttons and a padlock.”
“Right. Go home. If no one’s around, photograph them on your phone and come back.”
It took Kevin less than five minutes to return and hand his phone to Gordon. 
“Ah. What I call a mortice latch digital lock with holdback. No problem. And the other? Ah yes, simple brass padlock. Easy picking. What time are we going in?”
“Around midnight, Gord,” Kevin said. “I’ll call you and Walid when I’m sure Khan’s gone for the night.”
“Right,” Gordon said. “I’ll be ready. No noise. No loud whispering. Wear dark clothes. I’ll bring torches.”
Kevin and Walid high-fived, but then Kevin wondered if Roger might think he was being abandoned. “What will you do, Roger?”
“Worried I might leave you to your fate and go home, Kevin?”
“No . . . not really.”

CHAPTER 44
It was 8:30 p.m. when Roger arrived outside Silvia Welbeck’s front door. He didn’t ring the bell, though, because from behind it came the faint sound of music. 
For a moment, he stood and listened. He’d played that recording at Madge’s funeral and often played it in the truck. He’d been listening to it once and had to stop because he could no longer see where he was going for the tears. “Oh, dear me.” he sniffed and wandered away until it had finished. Then he rang the bell. 
“Who is it?”
“It’s Roger,” he said. “Kevin is with his friends Walid and Gordon at Gordon’s Motors. I wanted to talk to you.”
A bolt slid back, the door opened on a chain, and Silvia’s thin white face appeared. “Is anything wrong?”
“No. I’ve been with Kevin all day. I think I left my hat by your CD player.”
“The hand-knitted bobble hat?”
“It lost its bobble twenty years ago. I now call it a beanie, but I still miss it.” 
“You’d better come in.” The chain was released, and the door was opened, closed, and rebolted. “I put it in the drawer. I was going to give it to Kevin.”
“Kevin’s busy tonight.”
“Is he working?”
“In a way,” Roger said, looking at the CD player.” You were listening to Vaughan Williams just now.”
“You heard?”
“I was outside. “The Lark Ascending” is one of my favourite orchestral pieces.”
“You like music, Roger?”
“Only music that calms and relaxes. Head banging to Black Sabbath or Led Zeppelin whilst driving an eighteen-wheeler semi is asking for trouble.”
Silvia smiled. “Take a seat. I’ll find your hat.” She opened a drawer and handed it to him. “It has aged well.”
“My mother knitted it thirty years ago. Somerset Levels sheep wool is tough. Anything made from it is built to last.”
“What happened to the bobble?”
“It fell off in Tunisia many years ago. Before I could find it, a goat had eaten it.”
She smiled again. “How very sad.”
“Not as sad as listening to “The Lark Ascending.” We played it at my wife’s funeral and, a few years later, at my son’s. He was paraded through Wootton Basset draped in a Union flag.”
“Oh, I’m so sorry. Army?”
“Royal Marines. Always a boyhood dream.”
“Life’s not easy, Roger.”
“Neither should it be. Funnily enough, Kevin reminds me of David, though perhaps it’s because he asks too many darned questions.”
“I’ve tried to be a good mother, but boys need a father.”
“Don’t underestimate yourself, Silvia. He’s bright and has a good heart, and between those long eyelashes are eyes that show a determination to right some wrongs.”
“But he’s lacked opportunities, Roger. He missed a lot of school. That’s my fault.”
Roger shook his head. “No, no. I’m not convinced by formal education for some boys. Boys can take a while to mature and work things out, Silvia. You protected him, but he’s grown up now. Boys are often more sensitive than girls. They won’t show it, of course, but once they’ve got things clear in their minds, they can become very determined. Nothing will stand in their way. And that’s my message to you, Silvia. Trust him. Kevin now understands things. He knows you’ve struggled because others pussyfooted around due to political correctness and other sensitivities. In the process, they’ve almost destroyed the most important thing in Kevin’s life—you. Kevin is now determined to right a few wrongs. Yes, he needs a bit of advice. We all do. But he’s a brave lad, and I’m not sure I could do what he’s planning to do tonight. But then perhaps I’m too old to go breaking into someone’s property in the early hours.”
Silvia’s eyes widened. She put her hand to her mouth. “Kevin? What’s he doing?”
“It’s why I’ve called here,” Roger said and then began a long explanation that included Walid, Greg, Gordon, Kurt, the photos Cass had sent, and Colin Asher in London. 
“So, while we wait to hear from Kevin, Walid, and Gordon, I’d like your help with something.” He reached for his yellow hi-vis jacket that Silvia had hung over a chair and pulled out a large envelope. “Would you mind having a look at these photographs?”
“Passport photos?”
“Cass saved them while he was being held in Turkey. He took a huge risk. It was a brave thing to do. I want to know if you recognise anyone.”
Roger watched as she picked up each sheet in turn. It took several minutes before she suddenly stopped. “Oh my god. It’s him.”
Roger moved. Silvia was pointing at image 36—Hassan Bashir, a Pakistani. “It’s him, Roger. That’s him. It’s how he looked the last time he was here. That’s Kevin’s father.” 
She put her hands to her mouth and stared at the image. 
“Keep going, Silvia. Are there any others you recognise?”
“There,” she said, “that’s him again. Oh my god.”
This time, she was pointing at image 48—a Lebanese passport holder called Mahmoud Al-Sahili. “It’s him, Roger. You see now how he moves around with different passports and different names?”
Roger nodded. “Anyone else?”
Silvia examined each image in turn, stopping occasionally for a longer look. Then she said, “There!” She pointed suddenly at image 239. 
“That’s him again, Roger. Pascale Marinello. That’s when he came here in a suit, boasting about his money. You see? Italian passport. How did he get an Italian passport?”
Roger nodded. “What were the other names you mentioned? The names from when you first met him in the hospital?”
“He came in as General Shah Massoud, but I found two Afghan passports naming him as Abdul Rahim and Mohammad Mohaqik.”
“And his real name? The one he wanted Kevin to take?”
“Khokhar. Muhammad Khokhar.” 

***

Roger left shortly after that and called Kevin. 
Kevin was in his attic room, waiting for midnight and trying to finish the Grapes of Wrath but was too distracted by nerves to concentrate. “You went to see my mum without telling me?” he asked.
“You’re busy, Kevin. Listen to me. Concentrate on what I’m about to tell you.”
Kevin listened without interrupting. Then, “Oh my god.”
“Your mother kept saying that, Kevin. Is it something you’ve inherited?”
“Yeh. What are we going to do now?”
“I’m going to call Colin Asher.”

***

Lights were still blazing in the Asher & Asher office on Edgeware Road when Colin Asher answered Roger’s call. He listened, scribbled notes, thanked Roger, and then shouted for Ritchie Nolan. Ritchie, a dropout from drama school in North London, had only recently joined Asher & Asher. It was his appearance, black and dreadlocked, and his ability to mimic any sort of easy-going wide boy with a penchant for street trading that had appealed to Colin Asher. What Ritchie lacked was patience with the monotony of desk research. 
“Are you still awake in there?” Colin called.
Ritchie plodded through. “It’s so monotonous, Colin.” 
“On the contrary, I’ve always found that sifting mountains of data only ever stimulates my creative side, Ritchie. I’ll make sure the matter crops up during your three-month appraisal. How long have you been here now?”
“Three months, Colin.”
“Is the monotonous sifting producing any results?”
“No.”
“Right. Before you fall asleep, check this out. Our identical twins, Hassan Bashir and Mahmoud Al-Sahili are, in fact, Kevin’s father.”
“How?”
“By the usual procreative way, I assume, Ritchie. Do you mean how do I know? I know it from Roger Smith, who’s been speaking to Kevin’s mother, Silvia. She’s also given us two other names that might mean we’ve got quadruplets or even quintuplets.” 
Colin handed Ritchie the scrap of paper with his notes. “So we can now narrow things down and focus our minds. Check these out: General Shah Massoud, a Pakistani, and two Afghans, Abdul Rahim and Mohammad Mohaqik. And while you’re at it, check out Muhammad Khokhar—the most likely name of Kevin’s father.” 
“I already tried him. I drew a blank.”
“Do another trawl.”
“It’s hundreds, Colin.”
“More likely to be thousands, Ritchie, but who knows you might be about to claim a Guinness Book of Records for finding the man with the most pseudonyms.”
“But it’s a breakthrough, isn’t it, Colin?”
“Definitely. And from what Roger’s just told me about what Kevin’s doing tonight, we might be in for more. But be aware that if Kevin succeeds, he could well become our next senior field agent, thus overtaking all other candidates. So no pressure, Ritchie. I’m going to get forty winks under the desk. Wake me if you find anything interesting.”

CHAPTER 45
Soon after Roger’s call, Kevin heard Khan talking to someone in the shop below. It didn’t last long before he then heard the front door close. He listened and waited, but all remained quiet until his phone rang again and made him jump. This time, it was Walid.
“Are we ready yet?”
“Not yet, man. Give it an hour or so.”
“I can’t sleep.” 
“You’re not expected to. You’re expected to stay awake until I call you.”
“I’m a bit, you know . . .”
“Nervous, Walid?
“No. Only I, uh . . .”
“Why call then?” 
“What if Khan’s hiding inside his room waiting for us?”
“He’s gone.”
“You sure? Where does he live, Kev? Does he have a wife?”
“I don’t know about a wife. Maybe he does, maybe he doesn’t, but he lives in that big three-storey house on the corner of Midland Road and Waverley Avenue.”
“How can he afford that?”
“Because he’s a big shot, Walid. Big shots live in big houses. Kurt told me it’s divided up into twenty flats. He rents them out. He also rents out other houses around here like in Shipley Street. And shops. Kurt also reckons he runs a taxi business. Maybe other businesses. Men come and go here and at the Waverley Avenue house all day. There are even some women and children who live there. Mostly Pakistanis. Maybe that’s his family.”
“Gord told me a lot,” Walid went on. “Gord says he’s into trafficking and money laundering. You think so, Kev?”
“Maybe,” Kevin said, putting his book down, “But Cass was recruited for terrorism. And don’t forget what else was in that package I picked up from Edinburgh. Hamish, Roger, and Colin Asher say it was detonators. Maybe they’re making bombs, Walid.”
“Yaa ilaahee!
“Yeh. You want to pull out of tonight?”
“No. You know, my mother was killed by crazy men who think Osama Bin Laden was a hero, and that fighting for Jabhat al-Nusra or Ahrar al-Sham or Daesh was cool. She said they know nothing and understand even less. She used to say it’s because they’re lost with no jobs and no future, that it’s not their fault but that they need proper education, guidance, and opportunities. Trouble is that the only guidance they get is radical Islam. They listen to talk about the decadent and evil West, and yet they then come here. It doesn’t make sense, Kev. She warned me not to get involved but to learn and understand by listening and making my own judgements.”
Walid clearly wanted to talk to nullify his nerves, so Kevin let him carry on. 
“My mother taught me a lot, Kev. When we lived in South London, she told me to read books written by people with different views and different ideas, so I understood how complicated the world is. But she’d always wanted to go home to help poor people who, she said, were the ones that suffered the most. So we went home, and I saw things for myself and then . . . well, you know.”
Kevin saw Walid’s dilemma, felt for him, and changed the subject.
“I’m reading a book,” he said. “It’s about poor Americans, about how they were forced off their small farm and struggled to survive with no jobs and no money, and everything was out of their control. It was big shots, big banks with big money. Things happened Walid. They were desperate and left their home to search for work. Then they died by the roadside. They were starving. I didn’t know. I thought all Americans were rich.”
“Yeh,” Walid said thoughtfully. “And then there are those who have been welcomed here to escape war and poverty and to live with freedom and democracy but then bring all their old ways with them. When I was at school in Peckham before we moved to Syria, my mother used to say that education prevents crime.”
“Yeh. Cass’s grandmother was a case. She would call Cass a bad boy for mixing with bad boys like me, but she never left the kitchen. She thought she was still living in Pakistan.”
“The men are the worst, though, Kev. They’re dangerous.”
“Not all, Walid. Some are OK. Omar was OK. Cass and I were at school with Omar. Omar’s at university now, but his mum was a teacher and his dad a doctor at the hospital. A lot depends on who you mix with and your upbringing. Maybe if you’re born a bit richer, you have better opportunities and more confidence, but it’s still up to you to find a way. That’s life, Walid. My mum used to say that with guns, you can kill terrorists, but with education you kill terrorism.”
Walid thought about that. He paused. “How’s your mum, Kev?”
“OK.”
“You never talk about her.”
“No.”
“Gord told me about her.”
Thoughts about disloyalty suddenly crossed Kevin’s mind because he’d always kept his mum’s problems a secret, even from Cass. Then reality struck. Gordon had been around a long time. He’d seen things. He knew Khan. He’d probably met his mum. He’d certainly fixed her car once or twice. Was that why he was so keen to help? And what was the point in keeping things secret? Since he’d met Roger, he’d suddenly felt differently about things. Being honest with yourself and trusting others was surely the best way.
But “Yeh” was the only thing Kevin could think to say right then. “I’ll call you when it’s time to go.”
Ten minutes later, his phone rang again, and he could see it was an overseas call. Maybe he thought it was Cass, but this time, it was me, Kurt.

CHAPTER 46
“Kevs?” I asked. “How’s it hanging?”
I heard a noise, a bump, as if he’d sat up and hit his head on the ceiling. Then there was a sound like several fs strung together. “Kurt?” he said. 
“Yeh,” I said. “How’s Park Road?”
“OK.”
You see what I mean about Kevin and phone calls? Everything about Park Road was now OK. No problem. Park Road was where all the peace and tranquillity could now be found. It was as if he’d forgotten who he was and where he was. Perhaps thought he associated me asking how Park Road was with an enquiry about his own health.
“Did you just hit your head, Kev?”
“Yeh,” he said. “The ceiling’s very low.”
“How’s Mr. Khan?”
“Fucking bastard.”
That was better. The knock on the head had done some good. 
“How’s it going, Kurt?” he asked.
“OK,” I replied, thinking that that was exactly how Kevin had described how he was. Everything was OK. No problem. So why had I called?
 “It’s the middle of the night,” I said. “I’m soaked to the skin, but it’s not like English rain. I’m sweating as well.” 
Jimmy and I had been forced by a thunderstorm to stop and shelter somewhere south of a place called Surat Thani. It had started as light rain but then turned into a violent storm with thunder, lightning, and torrential rain that had flooded the road. After five hours of that and at 5:30 in the morning, all I wanted was a change of clothes, but Jimmy seemed unperturbed. We’d taken shelter in what I assumed was a sort of bus stop with hard wooden seats and a corrugated roof but for ten minutes earlier on the rain had been horizontal like a typhoon. Now, everything was calm, and dawn was breaking.
“You asleep, Kev?”
What a stupid question! He’d just hit his head, said “fuck,” and spoken to me.
“What’s up, Kurt?” he said. “Have you found Cass?”
“Lacking some detail. Know what I mean? I’m supposed to be on holiday but got caught up with this American tramp, Jimmy. You heard about him?”
“I heard something,” he replied.
It was true. Kevin had heard something from Roger, who had spoken to Colin Asher, who’d delegated a few things to a guy called Ritchie, who, apparently, was a black guy from North London like me. Ritchie, I discovered later, was twenty-six, still had a mum and a dad whom he lived with in a proper house in Hampstead. In fact, his dad was something big in MI5 or MI6 or something of that sort. I digress.
“I heard you met an American guy with connections, Kurt. Seems you were in the right place at the right time,” Kevin said to me.
I paused because I was still in two minds about that. “Yeh,” I said. “Fortunate for Cass, but I’m not so sure about me. His name’s Jimmy. He’s like one of those old hippies. Forever rolling spliffs. Drives me crazy.”
“What a shame,” Kevin said because it was a phrase he’d picked up from Roger. “Lucky you met him, though, Kurt.”
“Lucky? Why?”
“Cass is somewhere around. We need to find him.”
“Yeh, I know,” I said. 
I heard Kevin take a deep breath. “Listen to me, man,” he said. “When you phone, you’ve got to say something vital, OK? Like something I don’t know already.”
I felt I was being ticked off—by Kevin of all people.
I now know that Kevin’s confidence had reached an all-time high. Life had suddenly become interesting, and he was about to lead an assault on the enemy and crack open a case that even the police had failed to do. Best of all, it was a chance to show his mum what he could do.
I thought I’d better improve my communications style by saying something important. “Jimmy says we need Cass’s phone location, but it’s switched off. “
“It’s probably out of credit as well, Kurt. But it’s lucky you’re there. What more do you know about this guy Jimmy?”
From where I was, the trucks had started rolling again. One roared past followed by a motorcycle that spluttered blue smoke, and I was walking aimlessly in the vicinity of the bus shelter. Above my head was a street light with a dense cloud of flies and moths flying in circles.
On my right was a tangle of damp orange trousers and wet hair lying on a hard wooden bench with one bare foot on the muddy ground and with its head on its crash helmet. If the air had been cold like London, steam would have been rising from Jimmy, but I could sense he was only pretending to be asleep. His other foot was twitching.
But Kevin had just asked if I knew much about him. My answer was no, not much.
“He does occasional work for Asher & Asher,” Kevin said. “He was once in the US army. Perhaps best not to underestimate him, Kurt.”
“Yeh,” I said after a short think. “He stinks of sweat, but he’s kind of cool in a dirty sort of way.” 
But why had I called Kevin? Was it just to test the technology, or was it because I needed to hear a familiar voice? 
“What are you doing?” I asked him. 
“At midnight, I’m breaking into Khan’s room,” Kevin said. 
My respect for him soared. 

***

The morning light was increasing when I went to sit astride Jimmy’s bike to wait for him to stir from the wooden bench. At last, he sat up, rolled another for his breakfast, and looked at me. I looked away.
I took a packet of Chiclets from my backpack and managed to blow a small bubble the size of a tennis ball. Then I pretended to rev the bike, as if on the starting grid of a Motocross Grand Prix. 
I can’t remember how it cropped up, but Jimmy told me later that I reminded him of another black guy he’d known who they called Pink on account of a patch of unpigmented skin at the top of his inner thigh. Pink had never let the jokes about whether he’d been born with it or if it had been inflicted by a woman setting fire to his equipment bother him.
Jimmy flicked his breakfast dog end away, stamped it into the mud, and was about to stand up when his phone rang somewhere deep inside his pocket. I stopped what I was doing and went over as Jimmy finally extracted the phone, checked the screen, and put it to his ear. He then kindly switched it to loudspeaker so I could listen in.
It was a man’s voice speaking in an English accent. “Jimmy,” he said, “how’s it going?”
“Cool,” Jimmy replied.
“Mark’s away in Taiwan, so you’re stuck with me, OK?”
“Sure, how’re you doing, Colin?”
This, I quickly realised, was Colin Asher speaking from the Asher & Asher office in London. My experience of peace and tranquillity may have gone missing, but I was then to be treated to a course in international telecommunications. The possibilities are, of course, endless. If I wanted to, I could talk to Friggin and get a live view of the backstreets of Edmonton, as if I was driving the truck all at the same time.
Jimmy perched on the saddle of his bike and scratched an armpit. For a while, the phone was somewhere inside his hair, so what I heard was a filtered version that meant I lost some of the early words. But then he withdrew the phone, pressed a few things, and sat with it, facing him. So I went around his back to see if I could get a peek at Colin Asher’s face. 
And there he was, an old guy, well, maybe around fifty, sitting back from a computer, not a phone. At the bottom left-hand corner was a tiny picture showing something very hairy. Jimmy obviously saw it and dragged a hand through his greasy locks so that half of his dirty face appeared. Then he turned the phone on its side. 
“OK,” Colin Asher said, “listen up. We’ll track you, OK. When you need me, the system here is ready to run. Just hit video call, and I’ll be there. OK?”
“Got it,” Jimmy said. “What’s the latest?”
“Is Kurt with you?”
“Sure,” Jimmy replied. “He’s standing right next to me. If he gives any trouble, I’ll feed him to the crocodiles at the farm up the road. What’s up?”
“The priority is to extract Cass Siddiqui. His phone’s no longer working, but we reckon he’s not too far from you. Last time Kevin spoke to him, he was exhausted. He’s vulnerable. You’re well placed, so stick around. One possibility is he’s holed up in another temple somewhere. Meanwhile—and you’ll love this, Jimmy—other things have emerged.”
“Give me a clue,” Jimmy said. 
Colin Asher’s head disappeared for a moment, as if he was looking for something on his desk. 
“BRN” came the reply. “Looks like Cass was earmarked for great things, but he gave them the slip. Not surprisingly that upset a few people. He was set up with the bomb plant at the fuel station. The Thai anti-terrorism police are on the lookout, but he’s an even bigger target for the BRN. Meanwhile, he’s already proving useful for intelligence. We’ve got a whole list of photos and names, but if we can pull him out unscathed, you’ll earn yourself a bonus.”
“Does anyone else know?” Jimmy asked.
Colin Asher clearly understood the question. 
“No,” he said, shaking his head. “Not yet. Things are ongoing. It’s hypersensitive. Decision is to gather enough evidence and only then bring in law enforcement. I’ve never seen anything like it. We’re being helped by unpaid volunteers—two old guys and a bunch of teenagers, friends of Kurt’s.”
“And where’s Mark Dobson?” Jimmy asked.
“Last I heard, he’d just boarded a flight from Taipei to Bangkok.”
“He’s joining us?”
“Don’t bank on it, Jimmy. Plan accordingly.” 
When they’d finished, Jimmy switched off and looked at me.
“Got all that, Kurt?”
“Most of it, but I still don’t understand enough. What’s BRN?”
Jimmy, still half-sitting on the bike, took his time to roll yet another spliff and eyed me through his hair. Despite everything, his attitude was still driving me crazy. He eventually lit the thing, sucked on it, and blew smoke. Then he suddenly sprang to his feet. “OK, Kurt. Let’s go.”
“What about my question? What’s BRN?”
“I’ll tell you over coffee. There’s a gas station a few miles north of here.”
“What if I don’t want any?”
“You can sit and watch me.”
I almost spat. “What is it about you, Jimmy James? You got a genuine personality problem?”
He stopped to stare at me. “It’s nurtured over the years, Kurt. I try not to be liked.”
“Did you know you’re very successful at it? Did someone upset you during your childhood?”
“Oh, it was a lot more recent than that, Kurt. I got upset in Iraq. I got upset in Afghanistan. I got upset in Djibouti. It upsets you watching your mates get blown up and then being told to pick up their body parts. You feel kind o’ lucky but also kind o’ guilty as well, you know? Then you experience a different kind of upset when you get back home and find your wife and kids have gone. So you start to pick up your own body parts and try putting them all back together. Ever tried that, Kurt? Nothing ever seems to fit together like it used to. So you get off your ass and start all over again.” 
Jimmy sucked longer and harder this time and blew out a huge cloud of grey smoke. Then he dragged a hand through his hair. “You got any similar tales, Kurt, or are you too young? Tell me. What do you do back home to pay for your holiday?”
I sniffed because the mention of body parts had created a horrible vision. Then I remembered what Kevin had told me about Jimmy. “
I heard he was once in the US army. Perhaps best not to underestimate him, Kurt.” 
Here was the proof if I needed it. So what should I say? That I emptied trash bins around North London? Would Jimmy find that interesting? How about describing my job painting walls and removing graffiti or sharing one of Friggin’s jokes about Alzheimer’s or one of Bungee’s Ali G impersonations? 
And I could still picture Jimmy sitting cross-legged with his arms outstretched like some sort of sun worshipper and his string of questions: “Did you see the kingfisher? Did you see the butterflies? Did you listen to the wind in the bamboo?” 
I wasn’t unaware of what he’d been trying to say. He was discussing the limitations of a phone, that phones had become extensions to people’s brains and that relying on them was like leaning on a twig for support when you really needed something made of hard steel. I wasn’t that dim.
But in remembering what he’d said and listening to this piece of information on his private life, I realised there was more to Jimmy than his long hair and rolling joints. Jimmy was a thinker with a sensitive side. 
I suppose I took too long over deciding what to say about what I did for a living for it was Jimmy, tired of waiting, who spoke. At his usual rate of seven seconds between drags, I’d already wasted fourteen seconds of his life.
“I was a garbageman in Richmond, Virginia, before I joined up, Kurt,” he said. “Do you find that a strange coincidence?”
I looked at him. “How did you know?”
“A few checks, Kurt, but garbage collection is an honest job. Not one normally associated with Islamic terrorism. Does it keep you fit?”
“Yeh. But—”
“But what?”
“It’s not a career.”
“That’s what I found. It’s why I joined the US Marines. I saw an advert that said that the first battles you wage on the way to becoming a marine are those with yourself. I applied, passed the physicals and everything else, and never looked back. Best decision I ever made.”
“Despite everything that happened?” I asked.
“Yeh, sure. Despite everything, including picking up the pieces.”
“And now?”
“Freelance. Intelligence gathering. Chance meeting with Mark Dobson from Asher & Asher in a hotel in Ho Chi Minh City in Vietnam a couple of years back. He needed help looking into a Russian crime syndicate in Pattaya. What’s more, I got paid for it. I now not only get occasional leads from Asher & Asher but red alerts via the US Embassy. I can’t say much more, Kurt, but that’s the way things work. I’ve never looked back, and yet I still get to watch the sunsets and the kingfishers. I came out this way for some peace and quiet to get over personal stuff, spent a month trekking, took up nature watching, and mixed it with some serious navel gazing. Some jobs are never advertised, Kurt. Never let an opportunity pass you by.”
I pointed to the tattoo on his arm—the human skull with a military cap and a combat knife clutched in its teeth. “What is it?”
Jimmy shrugged and started to roll another. “Never got it finished. Maybe someday.”
“OK,” I said. “Let’s go and get our coffee?”

CHAPTER 47
Back in Park Road, in the attic above Faisal World Travel, Kevin counted down the seconds on his phone and, at exactly midnight, phoned Gordon and then Walid. The arrangement was to meet outside the back door. 
Gordon was the first to arrive. Kevin heard the latch on the alleyway door click, then he watched a dark figure walk towards him. The only light came from the street light on Midland Road behind Gordon’s workshop, and Kevin could barely see him. He had a hat on not dissimilar to Roger’s, a pair of dark jeans, and a dark sweater. Around his neck hung a small bag. “You wearing shoes, Kevin?” he whispered.
“Yeh.”
“Take them off. Leave them here. Then put on these gloves.”
Kevin did as he was told and dragged on the tight rubber gloves. Roger removed his own shoes. “Phone fully charged?
“Yeh.”
“That’s the window with the blinds. Is it?”
“Yeh.”
“Or is it shutters, Kevin? You know the difference? Old houses around here have old wooden shutters, not new-fangled Venetian blinds.”
“Yeh, it’s shutters.”
“They look good to you? No cracks for light to shine through from inside?”
“Not checked, Gord. Sorry.” 
“Where’s Wally?”
“Coming. There he is.”
Walid crept towards them; his eyes were wide and staring like a nervous rabbit. 
“Shoes off, Wally. Gloves on. I thought I told you to wear dark clothing.”
“My work overalls are the blackest thing I had, Gord.”
“It’s the way you work, Wally. Too darned clumsy. I can smell the grease and oil from here. I just hope that Khan’s sense of smell is not up to detecting Valvoline Synthetic Automotive Bearing grease.” 
“Sorry, Gord.”
“Not so loud. Right then, lead the way, Kevin.” 
Kevin opened the back door, and they slipped inside.
“I can’t see anything,” Walid whispered. Gordon took out a torch, wrapped something over the end to dim the light, and switched it on. A murky light showed the door on the left. 
“Hold the torch.” 
Gordon played with the digital lock, listened to sounds from inside it, and pressed buttons. Then he turned a knob and gave a thumbs up. Next was the padlock. “Torch.” This time, he produced a small tool from his bag, inserted it in the lock, moved it around, and then pressed it home. The lock sprang, the door opened, and Gordon, leading the way, shone the torch around inside.
The room was smaller than Kevin had imagined. A single light bulb hung from a brown water stain in the ceiling. It was clearly from the leaking bathroom up above. Set against the wall to their right was a wooden table with a computer tower and screen that looked unused in months. A tangle of plugs and cables lay alongside, and around it were piles of ancient tourism brochures: Sun and Sand 2013 and Tulips from Amsterdam 2002. In the far corner stood a tall cupboard with its doors open and empty shelves. On the left, beneath the shuttered window was an untidy gathering of cleaning equipment—buckets, mops, and cleaning fluids. Kevin sniffed in disappointment. Walid shook his head.
But Gordon, still shining the torch around, walked towards the cupboard where faint semi-circular scuff marks were etched into the bare floorboards. “Hold the torch.” He took hold of the side of the cupboard, pulled it, and there, hidden behind, was another door. “All these Victorian houses on Park Road have cellars,” he whispered.
He tried the door handle, but it was locked, so he produced his tool from his bag once more, inserted it, made a few adjustments, pushed it home, and tuned the handle. It opened to a flight of stone stairs with a light switch on the right. He edged down, followed by Kevin and Walid. Another switch and two fluorescent lights hanging from above flickered into action. 
The cellar was three times the size of the room upstairs. It stretched beneath the shop perhaps as far as Park Road. And it was full. There were cupboards, shelves, and a long wooden work bench on one side. On the other side was a desk with a computer, a printer, and more shelves piled with brown folders. 
“Well now,” Gordon said, “you could run a big business from down here.”
Kevin and Walid, standing on the bottom step, stared. “What do we do now, Gord?”
“Creep around in our socks, don’t touch anything, maybe open a few drawers and cupboards, quick peak inside, and then we’ll have a think. Anyone been here today, Kevin?”
“I’ve been out all day, but this computer’s been left on.” He touched the keyboard, and the screen lit up. 
“I told you not to touch anything, Kevin.”
“Sorry, Gord. It’s opened in word documents, Gord. You want me to check files? Look at pictures?”
“Why not. We’ve got all night.” 
Walid and Gordon watched as Kevin clicked on one folder at random. Then, “Oh my giddy aunt,” Gordon said. “Is that what I think it is?”
“It’s women, Gord. Girls with no clothes. It’s porn. White girls, brown girls, all sorts of—”
“Don’t look, Wally. You’re far too young, and we haven’t got all night. Try another file. My eyes are hurting already.”
“Passport photos like Cass sent. Hundreds. Thousands. Not just men. Women as well.”
“Jackpot, Kevin. Try some more.”
“Property. Pictures of houses and shops with For Sale and To Rent signs.”
“Another.”
Gordon bent to look. 
“Blank payslips and bank receipts. Move over, Kevin. Let me see. Letter heads from companies. See this one? From a business called Fatima Fashions, Riverside Industrial Park, Leicester ‘To whom it may concern. This is to confirm that Miss Surraya Chaudry is employed by Fatima Fashions as Sales Manager on a salary of £29,500 per annum.’”
“So Khan runs a fashion business?” Walid said.
“Or a business that provides legitimate-looking pieces of paper for five hundred pounds a time. Don’t be naïve, Wally.”
“What’s this? Raja’s Store, Baker Street? Hussein’s Money Exchange, Park Road? Does Khan own these as well? What happened to Raja? Where’s Hussein gone? It’s their accounts—fresh too, not like those tourism brochures. Here we go. Lists of money in and money out. Nice balance shown here. Fancy a share of £235,000, Kevin? Could fix your car if nothing else. And bank accounts, dozens. Print outs. Personal accounts. Faysal Bank, Habib Bank, Silk Bank, Bank of Punjab, Bank of Khyber—this would take some going through.” 
Gordon stood up and pushed his woolly hat back from his forehead. “Phew! Close it, Kevin. I’m nervous. It could still, of course, be quite legitimate, but it smacks of something. It smells. No. It stinks. On the other hand, boys, we mustn’t jump to conclusions. Even the porn could be Khan’s preference to watching endless repeats of Simon Cowell. We’ll come back to it. Let’s check around some more.” 
It was in a cupboard that Walid then found the blank Turkish, Iraqi, Pakistani, and Afghan passports—neat stacks held together with lengths of white ribbon. On the shelf above was a neat bundle of blank Greek and Albanian passports. “Don’t touch anything, Wally. Leave then just as they are. Kevin, take some photos on your phone.” 
Kevin found an envelope containing small green numbered certificates with the words “Given leave to remain in the United Kingdom for an indefinite period.” He showed Gordon. 
“Visas, Kevin. No need to apply to the Home Office. Just ask Khan.” 
Gordon found a box containing hundreds of rubber stamps. He pulled one out at random and pressed it into the palm of his gloved hand. It showed a tourist visa for Canada. Kevin snapped Gordon’s hand and the entire box of stamps. 
Walid slid open a drawer and found a pile of Certificates of Naturalisation issued by the Home Office. Kevin snapped that as well. 
But it was Gordon who, poking around in a box in the corner, came across the pieces of metal tubing, wires, and batteries. He called Kevin over. “Recognise anything, Kevin?”
Kevin stared. “Detonators.”
“Not yet detonators,” Gordon said, “but components. Take some photos.”
Walid was in another corner. He’d pulled back a plastic sheet to reveal two heavy-looking plastic sacks. “Gord, look at this.” 
Gordon stared and then shook his head. “Tell me, Wally, why would someone living in the backstreets in the middle of a city need two fifty-kilo sacks of aluminium nitrate fertiliser?”
“To make bombs, Gord. I’ve read about it.”
Kevin stood back and snapped the whole room. Then they switched the lights off, went upstairs, locked the cellar door, and pulled the cupboard back into place. A few minutes later, they were inside Gordon’s garage. Gordon called Roger, who was asleep in the truck. Roger called Ritchie, who was almost asleep in the Asher & Asher office in London. Ritchie roused Colin, who was sound asleep beneath his desk. He crawled out. 
“What’s the time, Ritchie?”
“I don’t know, but it’s nearly morning, Roger.”
“Have you found the man of many pseudonyms?”
“No. But we’ve got news from Roger that comes from Gordon.” He told Colin what they’d found in Khan’s room and cellar. 
“You see, Ritchie? Untrained but as good as any professional. There’s a chance for you yet.”
Ritchie was too tired to be amused. “Kevin took photos,” he said. “I’ve just seen them. I also checked on Fatima Fashions. It doesn’t exist.”
“Well, there’s a surprise.” 
“Roger wants to know what we do next.”
Colin Asher stroked his stubbled chin. Ritchie knew he’d barely left the office since the weekend. His shirt was hanging out, his trousers were crumpled, and his socks were somewhere beneath his desk. The waste bin was so full that empty sandwich packs were now scattered around his bare feet. “If Mark is now in Bangkok or not flying, I’ll talk to him and get his view,” he said.
“Should we now contact law enforcement?”
“No. Definitely not. Unless Khan discovers he’s had a break in and starts to clear everything out. Just ask Kevin to report any unusual activity.”
“Why delay reporting it?”
“Because other things are happening, that’s why. This young fellow, Cass, needs to be extracted somehow. I’m still not sure how, but first, we need to locate him. And if you think I’ve just been sitting here eating Pret a Manger take-outs and staring at this screen all night, you’re mistaken.”
“But I just saw you crawl out from beneath the desk.”
“I was locating a missing file, Ritchie.”
“Did you find it? And am I allowed to know what else is going on?”
“Of course. Sit.” 
“There’s no place to bloody sit, Colin. This office is a tip.”
Asher looked round. “True,” he said, apparently realising the mess not just of the room but himself. “What’s Else doing?”
“Helping me. She’s been going nonstop for thirteen hours also.”
“Right. Change of plan. Tell her to go home for a few hours for a wash and brush up or whatever it is women do. You do the same. I’ll tidy up here and go over to the Cumberland Hotel for a quick shower. I’ve been waiting for someone to fix my hot water at home for weeks, but you know what plumbers are like.”
“Is that the guy from Hall’s heating engineers who calls every morning asking if you’re free?”
“Probably. Never mind. Reconvene at 9:00 a.m. by which time I’ll know more about . . .” 
Ritchie frowned and waited. “Know more about what, Colin?”
“I’ll tell you at 9:00 a.m. I can’t think straight at present.” 

CHAPTER 48
From the road, the pure white and gold Buddha had seemed close enough to walk to, but Cass hadn’t reckoned on the track leading through dense trees becoming so narrow, steep, and overgrown. At one point, when he seemed to be heading away from it, he stopped and almost cried. Should he go back? 
“Whatever you do, wherever you go, remember the snail, Cass.”
So he walked on until, quite suddenly, the track turned sharply, the trees cleared, and there, looming above him, stood the huge white Buddha. Its hand was raised, as if to stop him from approaching, and its gigantic head, with its gold crown, was lit by low early evening sun and what seemed like a thousand stone steps leading up to it from lower down the hillside. But was it a temple with monks or just one enormous statue and nothing else? He kept going. The track was now leading downwards, until a high concrete wall came into sight. Behind the wall were buildings and a red-tiled roof of a temple, but there was no gate. There was no way of getting inside without climbing the wall. He followed the outside of the wall downwards to a garden with a trimmed lawn, low palm trees, pots of shrubs, and a low hedge of red flowers surrounding a gravel car park with cars and a few trucks and a decent-looking paved road that may well have led onto the main road from where he’d just walked. And then there was the main gate into the temple.
Two monks, sweeping the lower steps, saw him coming and dropped their brooms as he staggered towards them, almost tripping on the remains of the blue nylon cord wrapped around his trainers. They took his arms and helped him into the shade, and he almost collapsed onto the cool tiles. 
They tried talking to him in Thai, he thanked them in English, and the younger one ran to fetch a bottle of water. He drank the entire bottle and, as they watched, unwound the nylon cord around his sore feet. He showed them the soles of his trainers and his shredded socks and tried to smile as they shook their heads and muttered to one another. Then he opened Ajahn Lee’s orange bag, took out the envelope, and handed it to them. They read it, nodded, and then left carrying the letter.
Sitting in the shade, Cass looked around. It was quite obvious that, because of the giant hillside Buddha, it was a popular place for visitors to stop, climb the steps, take in the view from the top, and, as always, take photos and selfies. Cass’s own phone was, of course, dead.
A lady waiting to sell meat balls and cold drinks from a sidecar moved closer and watched him as a group of people emerged from the steps, looked at him, and probably talked about him, as they headed back towards the car park. Did they recognise him from pictures on Facebook, the TV, or newspaper? Even if they did, he had no strength to do anything. He got up, and in his bare, sore feet, he walked over to the lady and bought himself another bottle of water and a plastic bag of barbequed meat balls with chilli sauce. 
He was still licking his fingers when the two monks and a third older one holding Ajahn Lee’s letter in his hand appeared. Cass stood and did what he learned to do with Ajahn Lee. He put his hands together, bowed slightly, and the older man looked at him up and down then at the broken trainers lying at his feet. He nodded and then spoke in Thai, just a short sentence, “Kun poot pah-sah Thai dai mai?” Cass interpreted it correctly. Did he speak Thai? 
Cass shook his head. “No, sir.”
“What is your name?” The older monk asked in heavily accented English.
“My name is Qasim Siddiqui, sir.”
The monk produced a pair of glasses from inside his dress, put them on, and looked again at the letter. “English?”
“Yes, sir, but my passport is from Turkey.” Cass bent to his bag again and produced his Turkish passport, but the old man held up his hand, as if not wanting to see it. 
“Come.” 
Cass picked up his bag and shoes and followed him towards the temple. They went up some steps, through a high wooden door, over a worn stone threshold, and onto a carpeted floor. The old monk then stopped, and Cass looked around. 
The walls were covered from the floor to the red vaulted ceiling in wall paintings of old Buddhist stories, ancient depictions of village life, and forest animals, like deer, birds, and elephants. And, at the far end, centre stage, sat a Buddha in translucent green, wrapped in saffron cloth, and surrounded by burning candles, fresh flowers, and incense sticks.
The old monk turned towards him, took the old shoes and bag from Cass’s hand, handed them to one of the young monks, and beckoned him towards the green Buddha. Cass hesitated but walked forward slowly, uncertainly, hesitantly, and then turned to face the old monk who beckoned him, yet again, to go forward on his own. 
And then he remembered the old lady and how she had also led him into the temple and shown him what to do.
She had knelt before the Buddha, lit small yellow candles and incense sticks from the bigger candles, held them, and sat for a while with her eyes closed and hands together in prayer. At the time, he had wondered what she prayed for, but Cass no longer had any doubt about his own prayers. He knelt down and repeated that simple ceremony, and when he’d finished, he placed the candles and incense sticks and bowed three times to the Buddha. Then he stood and wiped his eyes before turning. 
He’d been brought up a Moslem, knelt with Moslems in the mosque, and pretended to be a Moslem for two years, but Cass had never really prayed before. Something had just happened to him.

CHAPTER 49
At a coffee shop at a service station a few miles north on the main road, Jimmy ordered two strong espressos, but I declined. “You can drink mine. I need something more refreshing.”
“Suit yourself, Kurt.”
I got a bottle of orange Fanta with a straw, courtesy of Jimmy. Having settled with it, I said, “Question time. Are you up for it?”
“Try me.”
“What’s the BRN?”
He blew smoke. “You want a lecture?”
“You sure you know enough to give a lecture?”
“I’ve been required to attend a few in the course of things,” Jimmy said as if that was the only training required. “The army thinks it makes sense to keep its recruits informed so they don’t shoot the wrong guys. You ever think about what goes into protecting the public, Kurt? While the many sleep, others keep watch.” 
“It’s just like garbage,” I said. “While the many throw it, others pick it up.”
A faint smile appeared in Jimmy’s straight jaw, and he leaned forward. His voice was toned down. 
“OK. Listen up. Strong separatist feelings have simmered down here in the south of Thailand for years due to rifts between the Malay Muslim minority and the Thai Buddhist majority. Shootings and roadside bombings, like Cass is accused of, are not uncommon. The police are cagey. They’re on constant look out because they also get shot. Restaurants and checkpoints get hit. Anywhere south of here—Narathiwat, Pattani, and Yala—those are the main areas.”
I interrupted. “Why?” I asked. I was testing him, seeing how good he was at answering stupid questions. I’d had a lot of practice at school. Why, was short and sweet and provocative. Why was always my favourite question.
He knew I was being awkward, but he rose above it. “It’s the same everywhere, isn’t it, Kurt? Anger, feelings of injustice, lack of opportunities and cultural, ethnic, and religious differences. Sects within religions like Shias versus Sunnis, protestants versus Catholics. It looks to me like your own inner-city area suffers from it. Colin gave me a brief history. It’s majority Moslem, yes? And weren’t there street troubles a while back?”
I nodded. The few Christian churchgoers living around Park Road were told to stay alert. My mother became nervous, but God knows why. She was not exactly a churchgoer, but it was another good excuse to move to London. Winston had a not-too-dissimilar tale. His mother would tell him to keep his head down while putting her make-up on. Then she’d leave him alone for the night.
“Yeh,” Jimmy went on. “The BRN. The Barisan Revolusi Nasional Patani. The so-called National Revolutionary Front is a rebel group based around here. It hides away in the villages, and it’s not short of friends. There are subgroups of the BRN. It’s complicated, Kurt. Things like this always are. Factions, groups, angry individuals. You can’t actually put your finger on anything.
“From what I’ve heard, when Cass was abducted in Turkey, he got involved with people who were somehow linked to ISIL. ISIL and Daesh, or whatever you want to call them, get help from countless sources. Running a terrorist operation costs money, but while hundreds die, others make big money out of it. Seems like Cass had to keep his head down until he got a chance to escape. That chance came when he was sent to Malaysia probably to join up with the BRN.
“Trouble is, Kurt, it isn’t just the BRN. Attempts are being made to draw in similar groups like the Pan-Malaysian Islamic Party, the Islamic Defenders Front in Indonesia, and Abu Sayyaf in the Philippines.
“And someone’s trying to organise it. Question is who? Maybe Cass knows, but it’s why the US and UK get involved. No one wants another Al Qaida or ISIL, but you stamp out one fire, and another starts up somewhere else. That’s why I sometimes get involved, checking on movements. Cass slipped through the net. Pity in a way now that we now know he was actually trying to escape. If we can find him in time, Cass, could be a source of a lot of useful intelligence. What we don’t know, of course, is where he is right now.”
Jimmy paused, leaning back, with one hand in a pocket as if tempted to pull out his bag of odds and ends, and roll himself another. However, this time, he seemed to conquer the urge. “Ummatan wassatan,” he said.
I watched him. “What’s that?”
“It’s what the Koran taught, Kurt. Not that you hear it mentioned very often. Ummatan wassatan means to build a middle way, a community of moderation. But that can only be done by fostering a sense of respect and a willingness to agree and disagree without reverting to bombs and guns. Did you know that?”
I didn’t. Jimmy had just taught me something. 
“Even more surprising is that that is also what the Buddha taught. Don’t you think?”
“Yeh,” I said, remembering how I’d first met him, sitting alone beside the lake, cross-legged, arms aloft, eyes closed like you imagine a monk does all day long.
“Do you think humans might one day achieve a state of mutual toleration, respect, and understanding, Kurt?”
“I don’t know,” I said rather feebly. 
“I do,” Jimmy said. “It’ll never happen.” 
And then we sat in silence, as I decided I may have misread Jimmy just because of his appearance, manner, and habits. That was a lesson in itself. 
I now know that Jimmy was thinking I looked and sounded so like Pink that he was tempted to ask if I had a pink patch on my butt. But Pink was dead, of course. Pink had been killed by the roadside in Iraq, and Jimmy had had to retrieve his legs and buttocks. Pink’s pink patch had become just as black as the rest of him. 
I watched him wipe beads of sweat that were trickling down his forehead. Jimmy was struggling with memories.
“Another Fanta with artificial colourings and additives, Kurt?” he asked me, possibly as a distraction.
“No thanks. So what do we do about Cass?”
“We wait,” Jimmy said.
“For what?”
“For info about where Cass might be. Then we move. Instinct tells me he’s not too far away, but we’ll need to get to him quick.”
I thanked Jimmy for his short lecture. Then I grovelled inside my pocket for something and handed it to him. “Chiclet?” I offered.
“Sure. Don’t mind if I do.”

CHAPTER 50
Language was the problem. The older monk only spoke a few words of English, but he smiled a great deal, and Cass decided Ajahn Lee’s letter had worked. He was invited to take a shower, and when he emerged in bare feet, a fresh tee shirt and a pair of sandals was waiting. Then he was handed a phone that the monk had just used to call a number.
It was Jon, checking if he was OK. “I have asked them to give you a phone to contact your friends, Cass. They tell me you need shoes and clothes. Ajahn Lee is visiting the town, but I have told him where you are. He is leaving us today.”
The call was short but enough to calm Cass. He slept on the floor of the temple, but it was a restless sleep. He woke frequently because his feet were sore, blistered, and bleeding. His leg muscles ached, and his head pounded. When he did fall asleep, small sounds woke him—creaking from the roof timbers, a gecko chirping, a dog barking, and a cockerel crowing in the darkness. And then there was that dream again.
He was opening the door of Faisal World Travel to escape the rain, and Khan had emerged from the back of the shop. 
“You want to go somewhere, young man?”
“Maybe.”
“Where?”
“I don’t know, Mr. Khan.” 
“How is your mother?” 
In the dream, Khan was pulling on his beard, scratching between the buttons of his waistcoat, and staring at him.
“Good, sir. Thank you, sir.”
“Your family is from Jalandhar?”
“I am British, sir. I have never been.” 
 “I am from Jagrawan. You know it?”
“I have not been to Pakistan, sir.”
“You want to go?”
“Maybe, sir . . . someday.”
“You have family there.”
“I think so, sir. My mother and grandmother speak about family.”
They did, often, but the names had meant nothing. Also, the old photos they passed around were just pictures of strangers, old people in a village setting. They meant nothing, but had one of them been his father?
That was when Cass suddenly woke and sat up to find himself in total darkness. What had woken him was the memory of one of those old photos his grandmother would sit and look at when he was young. He could see her holding it, pointing to it, talking in Punjabi.
It was not the people he remembered though, but it was the photo of a young goat that had been of most interest to him as a boy of around ten. Goats, after all, were not seen around Shipley Street.
Perhaps the photo had been taken twenty years ago, but in it was his grandmother, younger then but still recognisable by the yellow shalwar kameez and a show of grey hair beneath the head covering. And his mother, sitting next to her, was much younger and almost unrecognisable and surrounded by other women who might have been family or friends. And there was a black tousle-haired girl of about ten, smiling and holding the young black and white goat in her lap.
And behind the women sat serious men, all but one with bushy black hair, beards, and moustaches. And he remembered his grandmother pointing at the beardless one with his intense-looking eyes and his shirt undone to expose the neck of a white vest. And Cass remembered her saying something about him. He couldn’t remember what she’d said, but it was as if this was why she was showing it to him. His grandmother had been proud of that man.
Perhaps it had been going through the photos on Mrs. Nong’s computer and once again seeing the faces of the countless men for whom he had made passports, but in the darkness, something suddenly struck Cass.
It was the man’s eyes, his hair, his nose, and the clean-shaven face. It was identical to the man he’d given the package to in the mountains in Syria—the man who’d shaken his hand, patted his back, and said something in Arabic or Punjabi that Cass didn’t understand. It was the man who’d glanced back at him with a smile as he reboarded the truck. It was the man who had spoken to him in perfect English, as if he’d known him, “Ah, Qasim Siddiqui. Welcome to the front line. Qasim. A man. A handsome man.”
In the middle of the night, in the total darkness, something struck Cass. The man in that old photo of his grandmother’s was so similar to one of the photos on the memory stick it could easily have been the same man.
And then still more horror struck. Could Kett be his father?
Cass reached for the phone he’d been given earlier and called Kevin’s number, but the phone was engaged. He tried again. It was still engaged. Frustration and annoyance took over. Was Kevin talking to someone more important than him?
He breakfasted on bananas and mangoes and then tried Kevin’s phone again. It rang. “Kev?”
“Yeh. I’ve got so much to tell you, Cass. We—”
“Listen, Kev. What’s happened about those photos?”
“I told you, Cass. They’re with the private investigator Colin Asher in London. They’re trying to identify them.”
“I think one of them is Kett, Kev.”
“Who’s Kett?”
“Kett, man. Do I have to explain everything? What do these friends of yours in London do? I thought they were professionals.”
Cass was losing his patience.
“He’s one big-time terrorist, man. Don’t you understand? He’s like Osama Bin Laden and Abu Bakr al-Baghdadi and Abu Ibrahim al-Hashimi al-Qurayshi and some others, and I think he’s the one trying to organise Southeast Asia terrorist groups in Malaysia and Indonesia. I think I was supposed to be part of it. He had plans for me. That’s why I got sent out here. You understand, Kev?”
There was such a long silence from Kevin that Cass almost gave up.
“Jeez,” he almost screamed. “If you don’t understand all this, Kev, then I need to talk to that guy Colin Asher or whoever he is and the guy Kurt’s with. It’s tough here, man. You understand? For all I know, the police or Kett’s team might already know where I am. If they suddenly arrive here, there’s only one way out for me and that’s to head back into the jungle in a pair of bloody flip-flops. I’ve got blisters bigger than you’ve ever seen, so I don’t expect to get very far . . . and this isn’t my phone. I don’t think these monks ever leave this place and . . .”
Kevin felt out of his depth.

***

Problems around Park Road suddenly seemed minor compared to Cass’s situation. He wanted to tell Cass about what they’d just found in Khan’s room, but it didn’t seem important right now. He’d heard of Osama Bin Laden and knew he was dead, but who the other guys were, he had no idea. “Stay cool,” he said for something to say.
“Cool, Kev? You got no idea how hot it is here. What’s this guy Colin Asher’s phone number? Can I trust him?
“Yeh. Definitely. He’s OK. His assistant is a West Indian guy called Ritchie and—”
“Jeez, Kev. Just give me his number, will you? Stop wasting time.”

CHAPTER 51
By 9:00 a.m., Colin Asher was back in his office in a clean red shirt, pressed trousers, and fresh socks. He’d tidied his office, bagged up the trash, taken it downstairs, and even wiped away the greasy dust-laden film that had formed on the computer screens. 
A sound from the main office suggested the arrival of either Ritchie or Else or both. The fourth member of the Asher & Asher team, Ching, was already there, having been on night duty. “That you, Ritchie?”
Ritchie came in dressed in blue jeans and a crisp white shirt, with the longer black curls at the back of his head tied with a string of colourful beads.
“Lovely,” said Colin. “How long did it take you to do your hair this morning?”
“Not long.”
“Sit.”
“Wow, it’s a chair, Colin. And tidy.”
“Improvements require just a little effort and some sacrifices, Ritchie. Now then, listen up.” Colin took a breath. “The Cass Siddiqui affair,” he said. “In a way, it is most fortunate that this young man has emerged after two years in Turkey and turned up in our main stomping ground of Southeast Asia.”
“Is it, Colin? Please explain.”
“As you know, we specialise in international commercial crime, but this case is leading us into matters of a somewhat more sinister Islamic nature.”
“An Islamic nature?”
“Yes,” Colin said thoughtfully. “You remember Mark’s debrief when he was here two weeks ago?”
“After I’d got back from Bangkok and he’d gone to Taiwan and Malaysia and—”
“That’s it. Mark’s debrief. He didn’t mention it during the debrief itself, but he mentioned it to me one night in the Kings Arms. We were on our third or fourth beer when he mentioned he’d picked up information of—”
“A sinister Islamic nature, Colin?”
“That’s it. The first time was a few months ago in Indonesia.”
Colin scratched his head. To Ritchie, it was a sign that his thoughts were already straying way ahead of his words. If Ritchie wasn’t careful, he’d jump ahead to something that would only make sense if you could read his previous thoughts.
“What did Mark find?” Ritchie asked.
“Bambang.”
Ritchie stared. “Bambang?”
“Yeh . . . Bambang Sudarsono. Bambang is one of our clients, Ritchie. A paying one at that. Bambang’s a fruit and timber merchant based in Jakarta with a base in Saba, Malaysia—Kota Kinabalu, the state capital to be precise. Tricky business at best of times, but Bambang seemed a nice enough fellow, as honest as the day he was born as far as Mark could tell when they met by chance in a hotel in Kuching. Kuching’s next door in Sarawak in case your geography is holding you up, Ritchie. City of Cats, as it’s called. Mark and I were there once on a money laundering case, but enough of that.”
Ritchie thought it best just to nod his head.
“In that hotel in Kuching, Mark broke the news to Bambang that he was a commercial crime investigator. Whereupon Bambang went all quiet for a moment until—in a quiet whisper I imagine—admitting he’d had illegal hardwoods planted by someone in his warehouse with threats to report him unless he paid something.”
“Protection racket?” Ritchie suggested.
“It sounded like that, until Bambang explained to Mark where they’d wanted the money sent. It was a charity.”
“Strange. Did Bambang pay up?”
Colin nodded. “Yes, but only after even more pressure. His warehouse in Kota Kinabalu caught fire. Not a big one but enough to frighten Bambang.
“But—and here’s the next point—Mark then heard a similar story about arson being used to extract money when he was in Malacca working on the counterfeit cosmetics job. We thought nothing more of it until Mark picked up an old copy of The Guardian at Frankfurt Airport with a story on charities sponsoring Islamic terrorism.”
Colin’s stories were always interesting, invariably colourful, and always accurate down to the smallest detail, but they were often long winded. Ritchie was still waiting for the relevance.
“You know the population of Indonesia, Ritchie?”
“280 million.”
“And how many are Moslems?”
“Eighty percent? It’s the biggest Moslem population in the world.”
“Correct. Add in Malaysia and you’ve got almost 250 million Moslems. The whole of the Middle East has only got 300 million including Iran, Turkey, and Egypt. But Indonesia is nothing like as religiously tolerant as it once was. Trouble brews, Ritchie. It simmers, aggravated by social tensions—the usual mix.”
“What’s the relevance, Colin?”
“Bambang’s protection money, his charitable donation, went to a charity called Friends of Aceh. Mark checked them out. It’s now known as a cover for Islamic Defenders, a terror group with splinter groups all across Southeast Asia.”
“I still don’t see the relevance.”
“I agree it’s difficult to see at first sight. Try to concentrate. Money from charities like Friends of Aceh is going to fund terrorist groups like the BRN.”
“BRN, Colin?”
“The Barisan Revolusi Nasional Patani.”
“I’m sorry, but I’m losing the plot, Colin.”
Colin sighed, as if the thought of having to explain was just too much.
“The BRN is like one of those layer cakes with different colours, textures, and layers of jam, cream, and sponge, Ritchie. Instead of layers, however, we have splinter groups. 
“The last time we looked at the BRN, it had at least six insurgent groups and ten different flags. Did you know that flags and tee shirts are a must for any aspiring modern terrorist? Indeed, if you were a good artist instead of a bad actor and a trainee international commercial crime investigator, Ritchie, you could make a good living out of designing new Islamic flags.
“So, when Mark and I decided we needed to understand the BRN better, we treated it like a cake. We took some intelligence from our own software cupboard, sprinkled in some inspired thoughts from Mark and myself, stirred it around, baked it, and then applied some icing in the form of our own sweet Ching, our inhouse expert on offshore businesses.
“And guess what Ching found when she shone a light into the thick fog of Moslem hospices searching for keywords, etcetera. Ching came up with . . . wait for it . . . an address in Shipley Street.”
At last, Ritchie’s mind began to clear and focus once again.
“To be precise,” Colin went on, “she found Number 14, Shipley Street—the house that Kevin was born in and which Khan manages like a landlord. Checking with Land Registry, Ching then found that number 14 is owned by someone called Mohamed Jagrawan, which is where we hit a brick wall. We cannot find this fellow anywhere.”
Colin looked at Ritchie over his glasses like a professor of some rare and little understood science. “Now isn’t that interesting?”
For a moment, Ritchie could only nod as he digested it. But then he sprang to his feet. A minute later, he was back with an A4 scribbling pad.
“More paper, Ritchie?”
“Notes, Colin. From the searches we did yesterday.” 
He wet a finger and flipped through pages, as Colin sat sighing with impatience. Then he leaned forward and pointed. “Mohamed Jagrawan,” he said. “We saw the name yesterday while searching for the identical twins, Hassan Bashir and Mahmoud Al-Sahili. Then . . .” 
He licked another finger and flipped a few more pages. 
“Mohamed Jagrawan took a flight from Islamabad to London Heathrow on September the fourth. His name also appears on Pakistan International Airlines passenger lists airline going to and from Kuala Lumpur as recently as a week ago. At present, there is no such name on any flights leaving Malaysia. Theoretically, he is still there, though, as you’ve told me on more than one occasion, theory plays no part in this business.” 
Colin looked at Ritchie’s scribbled notes. “Isn’t Jagrawan the place where our friend Khan from Faisal World Travel was born?”
Ritchie nodded. “And so were some others, Colin. We found Shah Massoud’s details. Place of birth: Jagrawan, Alandhar District, Punjab State.”
Colin turned, touched a key on his computer, and moved a few things around, and up came another list. 
“Ureka,” he muttered, though with little of the excitement Archimedes might have shown while sitting in his bath.
“There he is. Muhammad Khokhar, Kevin’s father. Born in Jagrawan in 1976. Kevin’s mum may already know that, but hey ho, they’re all related, Ritchie.”
“But what use is it, Colin?”
“Mounting evidence,” Colin replied. “Add it to what Kevin and his helpers found, and we’re finally edging towards inviting action from officialdom.”
“And Cass?”
Yes,” Colin said thoughtfully, as if he’d almost forgotten why they’d been asked to intervene. “Cass is still a problem. We’ve got Jimmy and Cass’s friend Kurt sat waiting for instructions but—”
Ritchie’s phone suddenly trilled in his pocket. “Excuse me, Colin.” 
He swiped, realised it was an overseas call, and waited for a faint voice. “Who is it?” he asked.
“Are you Colin Asher?”
“No, I’m Ritchie Nolan.”
“Oh yes. My name’s Cass. Kevin gave me your number.”
Ritchie mouthed something to Colin. “Cass! What’s up? Where are you?”
Cass was clearly stressed. “I’m at a temple with a big white Buddha on the hillside to the west of the highway to a place called Surat Thani.”
Colin jumped to his feet. “Ching!” he yelled. “Set up a trace through Ritchie’s phone. Quick.” 
“You know the name of the temple?”
“No. Is someone coming to get me?”
“Soon, Cass.”
“Did you see the photos I uploaded?”
“Yes. Brilliant work. We’re still analysing them. It’s producing all sorts of useful leads. No need to tell you right now.”
“Kett,” Cass said as if that was enough.
“Yes,” Ritchie said. “The man behind it. Go on.”
“His photo is amongst those I sent.”
“Which one, Cas?”
“I don’t remember the number,” Cass said with a sound of desperation in his voice. “I’ve only seen those photos once, and that was when I was uploading them. I was in a hurry.” 
“I understand. No problem.”
“Maybe Kett is in more than one photo.”
“More than one? OK. Stay calm. What’s your phone number?”
“I don’t know. It belongs to a monk. But if they catch me, then . . . then you’ll never know who Kett is or—”
“We’ll get you out, Cass. Jimmy and Kurt are close by. We just need your exact location. Keep this phone switched on. We’ll try to get your exact location so—”
There was a bleep from the phone, and the connection was lost.
Ritchie turned to Colin. “He’s gone. He’s very stressed.”
“Yes,” Colin replied. “We’ve got to get him out. We then need to get him out of the country, but first things first.” 
Colin’s smiles were a rare sight. Genuine ones rarer still. “But nice approach, Ritchie. It might go some way to rebalance your overuse of paper. Right now, call Jimmy.”
“OK,” Ritchie said, ready to rush to the other room.
“Before you go, here’s another job.” 
In his hand, Colin was holding a pink Post-It note with a number on it. 
“What is it?”
“Ching will know what it is and what to do next,” Colin said.
“Can I know?” 
“It’s Cass’s UK passport number.”
Ritchie handed Ching the Post-It but then heard Colin calling him back.
“Look at this, Ritchie.” 
On the computer screen sat images 36, 48, and 239 alongside a new set of facial measurements. 
“Christ almighty,” Ritchie said. 
“Yes,” Colin said. “Kevin’s father according to Silvia. Then there’s the link with Khan and the Punjabi birthplace of Jagrawan and the charity, Moslem hospices, and Shipley Street. Are you thinking what I’m thinking, Ritchie?” 
Ritchie frowned. “Maybe, Colin. What are you thinking?”
“I’m thinking that Kett could be Kevin’s father. Now, have you called Jimmy yet?”
“I’ll do it now. You just told me to . . .”
Colin sighed. 

CHAPTER 52
It was early afternoon in the temple, and Cass had done little all day except call Kevin and then Ritchie. He had eaten rice and a dish of spicy pork and drunk litres of water but was feeling feverish with a throbbing headache. His feet were still sore with blisters and his legs ached, but all he could do now was sit and wait to be rescued. 
It was a very quiet temple, far different to the one where he’d been with Ajahn Lee and Jon. He had not seen the three monks since early morning. There had been some visitors who came by car or truck, looked around, prayed in the temple, dropped money into collection boxes, and climbed the steps carrying phones and photographing themselves. Everyone had now gone. The place seemed empty as Cass sat in the shade of one of the buildings, watching and waiting.
Around 4:00 p.m., his phone rang. The screen showed Thai writing, so he had no idea who was calling, but he answered it and said, “Hello?” In reply, there was silence and then a click. Cass stared at it and then, to calm his nerves, stood up and walked around, limping because of his blisters.

***

It was around twenty minutes later that I called him. The guys in London had somehow traced his number and then called me. 
“Cass, it’s me Kurt,” I said. “Remember me?”
“Of course. Where are you, Kurt?”
“We reckon we’re about twenty minutes away. You spoke to Ritchie earlier.”
“Yes. Who are all these guys, Kurt? And why are you in Thailand? I need to get out of here. Did you call me before? About twenty minutes ago?”
Jimmy was standing right behind me, nudging me not to waste time but just to reassure Cass we were close by. “I’m being told to stop talking and tell you everything later,” I said. “Just hold on, mate. Stay where you are. We’ll be there soon.”
I imagine, or at least I hope, Cass might have smiled at hearing my voice. After all, we’d not spoken for two years. Cass was the one who, in school, had told everyone not to mock my name, Courtney, at registration. When the teacher called out Courtney Learner, everyone used to turn and grin at me, and I would raise a weak-looking fist or a hidden middle finger. Cass would just wink. Funny what you remember.
It was when I switched off and looked at Jimmy that I then realised what Cass had just asked about whether I’d called him twenty minutes before. I hadn’t. Had Ritchie or someone else tried?
I told Jimmy, and he just shrugged. Shrugging was all we could do, but I know we were both thinking the same thing. Someone else had his number.
I remounted the bike behind Jimmy, and we set off again. However, my mind was on the last time I’d see Cass. It had been outside Bashir’s in Park Road, and I had been looking for him to tell him I was moving out of Shipley Street. 
“London, Cass. Too much stress with Khan and all that. Know what I mean? Money’s short and my ma’s got a new fellah. Get the train up sometime, Cass. The night scene is cool, so I heard. More chance of getting laid there than around Shipley Street. But steer clear of Khan, OK? See you around.”
It was just a fifteen- and sixteen-year-old talk, you understand? I’m not sure either of us had ever got properly laid by then. There’d been some minimal messing about down by the Park, but it was nothing I’d want to write about here. As for highlighting the cool nightlife, I had no idea what I was talking about. But that was it—general chat because I was feeling a bit emotional about leaving Cass, Kevin, and Winston. Childish, wasn’t it?
But I remember Cass welling up a bit. We high-fived, and he gave me a sort of hug and then disappeared back inside Bashir’s to help stack the shelves with tins of sardines or whatever. 
We’d kept in touch by phone for a while until Winston told me he’d gone off somewhere. His phone had never worked after that. But it had been good to hear his voice after so long. 

CHAPTER 53
When Cass looked up after talking to me, there was a cloud of grey dust on the approach road from the highway. I imagine he thought it was Jimmy and me already, but we were at least twenty minutes away. 
But something was coming, and it wasn’t coming slowly. A dark-coloured truck appeared, and it didn’t go into the car park but headed straight up the slope towards the temple.
Cass grabbed his new sandals and his backpack and ran barefoot and was hobbling to a pile of builder’s rubble, an abandoned cement mixer and a stack of concrete posts and barbed wire at the rear. He stopped there briefly to put on the sandals and peer around the cement mixer. 
The truck had stopped at the temple steps, and two men jumped out, leaving another sitting inside with the engine running like a bank robbery with a getaway car. 
The two men in jeans and tee shirts ran up the steps into the temple, looked this way and that, and then as one ran around the side of the temple, the other went inside. But it was what they were both holding and pointing that worried Cass. He’d seen similar in Turkey and Syria and heard them referred to as Berettas. 
Guns and Buddhist temples didn’t mix. 
He’d not seen the three monks all day, but suddenly, one—the youngest one—appeared from somewhere and stood. His hand was to his mouth and was clearly wondering what was going on. Cass didn’t wait to find out. Using the cement mixer, he climbed over the wall, ran into the trees, scrambled up the rough hillside, through the trees and undergrowth, until, exhausted, he stood for a moment to catch his breath and look back towards the temple. From there, all he could now see was the huge head of the white Buddha level to where he was standing. Breathing heavily, he then heard more cars or trucks. Doors slammed, men shouted, and then came the ominous crack of gun fire that reminded him of Syria. 
Cass’s mind was in turmoil. He had no idea what was happening, but his fear was that Jimmy and I had already arrived, and there was some sort of shootout with the men in the truck. 
He pulled the phone from the bag, wondering whether to use it or turn it off and remove the battery, which was what someone had told him meant the phone couldn’t be tracked.
He was still standing there, surrounded by thick forest. He was sweating and holding the phone in his hand when it vibrated and then buzzed. He swiped, held it to his ear, and listened. It was me.
We were on the main road close to the side road leading to the white Buddha but had arrived there just as a group of around six police cars and trucks arrived from the other direction. All except one had raced down the side road. The remaining one parked sideways across the road barring our entrance. 
Then, just as I called Cass’s number again, another car, a private Toyota, arrived from the south and stopped right behind Jimmy’s motorbike. A man I’d never seen before jumped out and ran towards Jimmy. 
I heard Cass’s voice answering the phone.
“Cass? Cass?” I shouted. “It’s Kurt again. Answer it, will you?”
“Yes.”
“Where the hell are you, man?”
“Where are you?”
“On the road. We’d just arrived when the police turned up and took the road towards the temple. Then we heard gunshots.” 
“I saw a truck arrive,” Cass explained. “Two men got out and went into the temple. I thought they were looking for me, so I ran up into the hills. Then I heard more cars and gunfire.”
I paused because two white minibuses turned up with red lights flashing—ambulances. Both took off towards the temple as a queue of trucks, cars, and motorbikes began to pile up from both the north and south and were told to stop by the police.
“Two ambulances have just arrived,” I said to Cass. “They’re heading for the temple. Jimmy wants to speak to you.”
I handed the phone to Jimmy as the stranger from the Toyota stood there. 
“Cass?” Jimmy said into the phone. “I’m Jimmy. Wherever you are, stay put. We need to know what’s going on here. Keep the phone open.”
That’s when I got introduced to the stranger. 
“This is Mark Dobson from Asher & Asher,” Jimmy said.

CHAPTER 54
It was 8:00 a.m. in Park Road, and at Gordon’s Motor’s, Gordon was already in his office when Walid arrive. “Wally!” he shouted. “Come here.”
“Yes, Gord.”
“Sit. Interesting, huh?”
“You mean the things we found last night?”
“What else, Wally? We need to go inside again.”
“What now, Gord? It’s only eight o’clock.”
“I mean, tonight, Wally. I’ve been thinking. We need to photograph more and copy all the stuff on Khan’s computer. I reckon there is a lot more there than we saw. There were files that wouldn’t open, and how about his emails?”
“Roger has told Colin Asher, and Kevin sent them all the photographs.”
“Good,” Gordon said, but Walid could see he was thinking. 
When Gordon was deep in thought, his knees started jigging up and down, just like Walid’s did. 
“What did Colin Asher suggest? What are they going to do?”
“No idea, Gord. It was only a few hours ago.” 
“Mmm. Remind me, Wally. What was your teacher’s name at Woodlands, the math teacher?”
“I didn’t go to school, Gord. I was in Syria.”
“Ah yes. Why do I always think you’ve been here for eighteen years?”
“Maybe it just feels like eighteen years, Gord. But Winston knows him. He calls him Willie.”
“Willie and Wally, huh? Reminds me of Pinky and Perky.”
“Who are they, Gord?”
“Parrots, Wally. One day, I’ll introduce you to Pinky. Perky died, and Pinky is a bit lonesome. Would you like to meet him, Wally? But what were we discussing? Oh yes, Mr. Willie.”
“It’s Wilkins, I think, Gord.”
“That’s him. Tommy Wilkins. Has he still got long hair, or has he lost it all?”
“He’s still got it. I met him at Winston’s place. He’s teaching him computer hacking.”
“Willie is who we need. Someone who does things for free after school,” Gordon said excitedly. “It was Kurt who recommended him to me, and Willie then called around after school and fixed this computer. That was two years ago. The computer’s still going. Willie didn’t charge a penny. Just accepted a cup of tea and a long chat about whether he could bring a group of boys here to look at a 1.6 litre Ford engine that was lying in pieces and if we could use the chain pulley to teach basic physics, geometry, and gears. ‘Great idea,’ I said. ‘I’ll provide some doughnuts and cans of coke. They’ll enjoy that.’”
“What happened?”
“Nothing. He called around a few days later and said he was fed up with the school’s health and safety regulations. They would need a full risk assessment and they’d have to wear goggles and helmets and yellow vests and I’d have to provide a list of hazards and that two kids had physical disabilities and the doughnuts had to be checked and that Coca-Cola was frowned on . . . and so it went on.
“We spent an hour discussing why some boys struggle at school, why university is a pointless and expensive waste of time, and why employers can’t find anyone to do a job like you do, Wally. Have you finished with that Fiat 500 manual by the way?”
Walid nodded. “Back on the shelf, Gord.”
“Good man. Call Winston, Wally. Get Willie’s phone number, and I’ll see if he’s free.”

CHAPTER 55
At midday in London, Colin Asher had emerged from his office. Else and Ritchie watched him go to the window overlooking Edgeware Road and look down. A phone then rang behind him. “That might be Mark,” he said, as if he’d been expecting it.
“In Taiwan?” Ritchie asked.
“I hope not. He flew out of Taipei at 6:00 a.m. Four-hour flight to Bangkok, change to a flight down to Nakhon Si Thammarat, and a hire car north. Twelve hours should be enough.” 
Else answered it, “Hi, Mark. You want the boss?”
“Put him on,” Mark Dobson said. 
Colin took the phone. “Do I really want to see your face on video?”
“It’s not me you need to see,” Mark replied as the unsteady image then moved to the face of a dark-skinned young man with an unshaven face who immediately moved out of shot. “We’ve got Cass,” he said. 
As the image moved again, Else switched image and sound to the computer screen. “He’s sitting right next to me,” Mark went on.
The image then moved to another face—an even darker face of someone looking not too dissimilar to Ritchie. “And this is Kurt,” Mark said.
I smiled, gave a quick wave to the phone, and turned towards Cass, who, I have to admit, l barely recognised. His arms and face were a reddish brown, not the light brown I seemed to remember. He had a week’s worth of stubble, his hair was a tangled mess, and his feet were dirty and bare. He kept scratching a red sore on his shin. His tee shirt and shorts were dirty and stained with sweat, but the worse thing was the smell. Jimmy was bad enough, but Cass was worse.
“Jimmy’s somewhere,” Mark said into the phone. “I got here just in time. We’re now at the back of a police van. The rear door is open, but Cass is handcuffed.” 
Mark moved the phone, and I heard him say, “And this is the back of the head of a gentleman who I’m led to believe works for the Thai anti-terrorism police. Jimmy’s just finished flashing his official card around and giving a twenty-minute explanation in broken Thai and even worse American English to try to explain who we are and what’s going on.
“So far, they’ve listened, taken selfies, and filmed us but said very little. They seem to be inclined to trust Jimmy, but so far, not Kurt or me. As for Cass, he’s in such a state he can barely speak. And he can barely walk. Before all this, there was a lot of gunfire by the temple, and at least two guys were shot and carried off. I think a policeman was also shot, which, perversely, might help our argument that Cass is not the guilty one.”
The image moved back to Cass, who was still sitting with his head down, but he looked up at me. I think he was probably pleased to see me, but it was difficult to be sure. I decided to say something to him.
“Listen, man,” I said. “Take it easy. We’ll sort it. Lucky I was here, huh? I’ve not seen a toucan yet, but you’re the next best thing. If they throw you in jail, I’ll offer to join you, OK?”
I think Cass realised it was a joke because he tried to kick me with his bare foot.
Mark then asked Colin Asher if Ritchie was there, and I heard this other voice. “Sure, I’m here.”
“Show yourself, Ritchie. Tell Cass something positive.”
Sitting beside Cass, I then saw Ritchie’s face—a black guy that, for a moment, I thought was Winston, except he was older and his hairstyle was different. But then I’d not seen Winston for a while either.
“Cass?” Ritchie asked. “Can you see me? We’re on the case, man. We’ll sort it. We’ve even got you a new British passport. We’ll get it to you somehow. Tell them everything, Cass. We’re in London, but I’m now going down to see Kevin and Roger and Gordon and a few more of your old friends. Just keep going, OK? We’ll sort it.”
I suppose it was enough because Cass blinked, like his eyes were sore, and nodded.
Cass, handcuffed and lumped at the back of the van with Mark Dobson and me, was struggling with his emotions.
He’d done as Jimmy had said and stayed where he was, hidden in the deep bush on the hillside overlooking the white Buddha. He could see nothing of the temple itself but had heard the police vehicles coming, the shooting, and then a general commotion of shouting and more gunshots. Things had then quietened down, and Cass was wondering what had happened when I phoned him again.
“Cass?” I said, “you still there?”
He didn’t answer, so I went on. “Make your way down towards that big white Buddha, will you? It’s safe. Police are here, but so am I and Jimmy and this other guy, Mark Dobson, who has just arrived. Jimmy has talked to them. They’ve loaded two guys into an ambulance. They looked dead to me because their arms and legs were flopping around like dead dogs. And I think a policeman’s been shot but not killed. Another guy was bundled into a police car.”
I paused to check if Cass was still there. “You still there, man? Talk to me.”
“Yeh,” Cass said.
“Then come down.”
By then, Jimmy, in his baggy orange trousers, was already talking to one of the policemen and flashing a card that said something. I left him to it and turned to check which direction Cass would arrive from.
My first sight of him was as he climbed the wall and almost fell into a pile of sand and builder’s rubble. Mark and I and two policemen went to pick him up, but the police told us to move away. They half-carried, half-dragged him to the van. A sandal fell off his foot, and I saw him look at me, but he was in no state to do or say anything.
But seeing him stung me. What on earth can happen to humans in such a short time?
Cass was the same age as me: nineteen. And all I could do was remember school and playing basketball with him and Winston on that concrete weed-strewn patch of land at the back of Brick Street.
By then, at least four other brown police trucks had arrived. Police were everywhere—most just staring, some on phones, and one with a video camera. One group had gone into the temple. Another group was talking to the monks who were mostly scratching their crew-cut hairstyles.
Mark and I followed Cass and the two police to the van. The rear door was open, and I don’t know what was going through Cass’s mind. But he suddenly slumped to his knees, looked up at me, and for one shocking moment, I wondered if this really was Cass or some other poor guy.
If it wasn’t for his eyes, I don’t think I’d have recognised him. He’d always been so clean and tidy. He would even arrive at school with tie tied tight to his neck, whereas my top shirt buttons would be open and my tie would hang loose, just like I was pretending to be some dumb black actor in a gangster movie.
Now he was thin and dirty and staring like some poor guy waiting to be shot by ISIL. Which, I suppose, is what he was.
He didn’t speak, but he just looked at me as they clipped handcuffs on him like a criminal. Then his other sandal fell off, and I picked it up. What good one shoe was, I don’t know, but it seemed the right thing to do. And what would I then say to him?
“Get up, man. Don’t be such a mugoo. Jesus, man, you ain’t nothing like you used to be. Got some sprawl beard and fancy haircut. And where’d you get them shoes. Sandals ain’t cool man.”
Why I spoke like that, I don’t know, but somehow, I felt it necessary to revert to the way I used to speak when I was fifteen or sixteen.
Jimmy strolled up, then as Cass crouched on the ground in a heap, the two police did something inside the van.
“This ugly guy is Jimmy,” I aid to Cass. “Don’t shake his hand. He’s dirtier than you are. He rolls a good spliff, but he’s piss poor with Chiclets and blimps.”
Jimmy stared down at Cass, and I think he’d have helped him to his feet if the police weren’t back on the scene. He backed off, but he did speak.
“Cass,” he said in his American accent, “good to see you, man. We’ll sort this, but the police need to talk to you. Be patient, man, OK?”
The two other police wandered over—one in a brown uniform, a cap, and ribbons like he was about to declare a military coup and the other in black jeans and tee shirt with something bulky inside a zipped nylon jacket. I much preferred the latter guy, and it was he who spoke to Cass. But first, he pushed his shoulder to make him look up, and Cass raised his head.
“You are Mister Cemil Demir?”
And Cass found his voice. It was weak and a bit rough, but it was definitely Cass’s Park Road accent. “No, sir,” he said. “I am Qasim Siddiqui. I’m British.”

 CHAPTER 56
The news about Cass quickly spread to Kevin, Roger, Walid, and Gordon. Walid then briefed Winston, and Winston told Willie.
At 4:00 p.m., after school finished, Willie called Gordon and agreed to come to the garage at 8:00 p.m. for more explanations. “Bring your computer-hacking gear,” Gordon told him. “And wear dark clothes.”
“Do I need a balaclava?”
“Up to you,” Gordon replied, “as long as we can recognise you. Just bring whatever it is you use to save data—floppy disks or one of those little sticks with caps. And we won’t be doing any risk assessments.”

***

Ritchie left the London office of Asher & Asher at 5:00 p.m.
By 8:00 p.m., he was sitting with Gordon, Roger, Kevin, and Walid with Gordon’s big brown teapot and old tea-stained mugs. At 8:15, Walid was instructed to find two more mugs and to add more tea bags to the pot as they were joined by Walid and Willie.
Ritchie went first. He explained the conclusions he and Colin Asher had drawn from cross-checking Cass’s photographs with other data. “Cass took a huge risk,” Ritchie said. “If he’d been shot dead in Syria, it would have been lost forever, and if they’d discovered what he was doing before he escaped, I dread to think what they would have done.”
Then, with Kevin sitting opposite him, he said, “Your mum helped a lot, Kevin. We are 99 percent sure that the photos of Hassan Bashir and Mahmoud Al-Sahili and an Italian are, in fact, photos of Muhammad Khokhar, your father. Colin is still looking into this data, and using some contacts in the Home Office, we are hoping to make more links. Cass will be able to offer more when we can talk to him.”
The news didn’t surprise Kevin. He just nodded.
Then it was Roger and Gordon’s turn to explain the plan for the evening. “We’re going in to mop up,” Gordon said like a general directing troops on a final sortie.
Ritchie sniffed as if breaking and entering Khan’s cellar was to have been the highlight of his career to date. “Leave absolutely no trace,” he said.
“You think there’s even more evidence than what you’ve already got?” Willie asked.
Winston then piped up because Kevin and Walid had told him what they’d found the night before. “There are password-protected files,” he said, turning to Ritchie. “I can open encrypted files. Willie showed me how. He’s teaching me computer science and IT for A level so I can go to university.”
Willie, with his thin grey haircut just short of his shoulders, patted Winston’s back. “A good student,” he said. “And all done on a weak Wi-Fi signal from downstairs.”
Winston grinned. “Why didn’t you ask me to come with you on that first night, Kevs?”
“Because you were working in the bakery, and we didn’t know what we’d find,” Kevin replied.
“Tonight, we need experts,” Gordon said. “And I’m not one.”
“Don’t look at me,” Roger said. “I barely understand a microwave oven.”
“And you won’t need me because Winston can do it,” Willie said.
Walid then summed it up. “All six of us can’t go in.”
“I say Gordon opens the doors, and Kevin, Walid, and Winston go inside,” Roger said.
“If Gordon taught us his lock-breaking technique, we could do everything ourselves,” Kevin suggested.
“True,” said Gordon, “but it requires practice. I’ll open the doors, and you three get on with it.”
“Let’s think about this,” Roger said. “We still need enough to convince the police to act. Otherwise, I can see another street demonstration organised by Councillor Mohammed Basra or three mysterious overnight disappearances followed by murder and the discovery of the grisly remains of our three valiant volunteers.” He looked at Ritchie. “Advice from Hamish is to get the evidence,” he said.
“We totally agree,” Ritchie said. “Gather the evidence. It’s what we do as a business. We’re not police. The police won’t start investigations until they’ve got enough evidence. Clients pay us to gather the evidence, and it’s best to gather so much that there can be no backsliding or asking for more or succumbing to outside interferences. So—”
“So?” Roger prompted.
“So,” he said, looking at Kevin, Walid, and Winston, “I’d like to go in with you three guys. We’ll video it and transmit it directly to Colin in London. Colin has contacts within the counter-terrorism police, the immigration police, and the national crime agency, the NCA. And let’s not forget Cass in all this. We need to get him back here on the basis of evidence. What I’m saying is, there’s nothing wrong with you three guys going in tonight, but we need urgent top-level action afterwards. To call the local police and ask them to drop by to see what you found during a break in of Mr. Khan’s shop on Park Road is only going to delay things. Let’s bypass the locals and go directly to the top. Agree?”
They agreed.

CHAPTER 57
We were allowed to follow the convoy of police cars and trucks into Surat Thani. Jimmy rode his bike, while I sat with Mark Dobson in his rented Toyota.
I think he wanted to chat without Jimmy listening, but I learned nothing much I didn’t already know. Anyway, as it turned out, we weren’t far from Surat Thani. 
Yes, Jimmy was ex US army. Yes, they’d met in Vietnam, and yes, Jimmy had a loose sort of arrangement with the US Embassy if they were asked for help by the Thai immigration department. And yes, Jimmy did occasional jobs for Mark’s private company, Asher & Asher. 
As far as Mark knew—and he was far from certain—Jimmy had had a tip off about a black guy from North London flying into Phuket and not staying around the flesh pots but heading south to where the separatist groups hung out. As it was, I’d turned out to be a rare sort, more interested in looking for toucans and a bit of peace and tranquillity than causing mayhem with a Kalashnikov.
At the police station, with one last look back at me, as if he was being taken to the gallows, Cass was led away. All I could do was give him a long-distance high five before he disappeared from view. Then Jimmy, Mark, and I were invited to give our views on what was going on across a table from a row of police officers with even more badges than the one before.
I did my best. I explained how I’d known Cass at school, and that he was the most un-Moslem Moslem I’d ever met. It didn’t seem to make much difference. There were no smiles, but slowly we got our message across. It really was up to Cass to explain his side of the story. 
He didn’t appear again that night, so Jimmy, Mark, and I checked in at a two-star hotel down the road. The next morning, we were back, and by then, Mark had images of Cass’s replacement passport, which he handed over to the police. 
We sat around again until Cass reappeared around midday. He’d showered and shaved and had been given a white tee shirt, a pair of shorts, and flip-flops. He didn’t exactly look beach ready and definitely needed to gain a few kilos, but he smiled at the three of us.
“My British passport is being couriered to the High Commission in Phuket,” he said. “Then I’m to be debriefed again in the company of someone from the embassy.”
Mark nodded, as if he already knew. I suspect much of this had been instigated by Colin Asher. “I’ll head up to Bangkok,” he said. “I’ll talk to the embassy and stick around for a day or so. Stuff is still coming in from Colin.”
I didn’t ask Mark what he meant by stuff because I didn’t know what was going on back home. My job, finding Cass, was sort of done, but before he was led away again, we managed a few more words.
“What can I do now?” I asked him, and he looked at me with those same eyes, but they already looked brighter. 
“Just stay tuned, Kurt,” he said. “Bad boys must stick together, yeh? Maybe see you around Park Road with Kevin and Winston.”
“I live in London now,” I said. “Do you really want to return to Park Road and bump into Khan again? Don’t you know somewhere better?”
He seemed unsure at first, but then he said, “I dunno. I think I might come back here. I need some peace and quiet for a while.”
“That’s exactly what I came for,” I told him. “I got side-tracked.” 
Cass then shook Jimmy’s hand and merely said, “Thank you.”
Jimmy nodded. “No problem. Everything will work out. Try and put some weight on.” 
Cass was then led away again. Mark said “Cheerio” and left for Bangkok, and Jimmy and I returned to the car park to find his bike. 
Naturally, he needed another fix, so I just stood around while he casually rolled another, lit it, and sucked on it a few times. Then he tossed the half-finished remains, mounted the bike, and patted the seat behind him, which was my cue to do likewise. What now, I thought. Where now?
I’d already noticed he was wearing a different tee shirt today, a black one printed with 304 West Virginia across the chest. During the overnight stay in the hotel, he’d also showered and washed his hair. He still wore the ridiculous yellow trousers, but his hair looked different. It moved more freely in the breeze rather than hanging like strands of greasy rope. If it had been blonde, I might have been tempted to say how nice he looked today just to annoy him. 
I mounted the bike behind him, and he turned his head. “You keep saying you want to see a toucan, Kurt,” he said.
“Definitely,” I said.
He shook his head, and his hair wafted like a woman’s in a shampoo advert. “I haven’t wanted to destroy your enthusiasm,” he said, “but the problem is, Kurt, there ain’t any toucans in Thailand.”
I looked at him as if he was stupid. “There are. I saw a picture in a tourist brochure.”
He turned again. “Kurt, believe me. There are no toucans in Thailand. There are hornbills.”
“Hornbills?”
“Hornbills.”
“The brochure said toucans.”
“Then they were wrong. There are no toucans in Thailand.”
“I see,” I said somewhat deflated. “Might we see a hornbill?”

CHAPTER 58
Ritchie, Kevin, Walid, and Winston had done their job that night.
Gordon unlocked Khan’s room around midnight, and they’d spent around four hours inside.
While Kevin and Walid searched and photographed the place once again, Ritchie and Winston took a look inside Khan’s computer with Colin giving live instructions from London and Ritchie on a laptop connected to the computer. 
At 2:00 a.m., Kevin and Walid left, leaving Winston and Ritchie still busy on the computer. They then left around 4:00 a.m. after what Ritchie called a forensic clean up. “Khan won’t notice anything at all,” he told Winston.
They returned to the garage where the others were waiting, and Ritchie gave a brief explanation of what they’d found.
“It’ll probably take a day or two to analyse everything we’ve got and follow leads,” he said. “So just appear normal today,” he said. “Go to work as usual. Colin and I will deal with what we’ve found.”
Ritchie then spent what was left of the night in Roger’s truck.
The next morning, Kevin went to work at Bashir’s, Walid went to Gordon’s, Winston went to the bakery, and Willie went to school.
Roger and Ritchie went to see Greg. As Dalia watched from her chair, they sat in the kitchen, and Ritchie explained to Greg what they’d uncovered.
“We now know a lot,” Ritchie began. “But I want to ask you one question first, Greg. When did you start printing the fake signs into the passports you made for Khan?”
Greg looked worried. “From the very first one,” he said. “That same microscopic dot with the word Ziyuf inside the star of David appears on everything I’ve ever made. I first made it for my own passport so that I could prove it was a fake for test purposes if I ever needed to. I then tested the technology on plastic and used it on my fake driving licence. It is my signature. Everything I ever made has my signature. Is there a problem?”
“I hope not, Greg,” Ritchie said. “I think questions will be asked, but I think you can relax. As far as the law is concerned, things were labelled as fake and should never have been used. Whether they were marked clearly is another matter, but the reasons you did it are obvious.”
Greg smiled, went to Dalia, and leaned over her, tucking the towel beneath her chin. “You see, Herach? You see? I am clever, no?”
Ritchie nodded. “Clever but used, Greg. Just like Cass and Kevin, you are an innocent but exploited part of a criminal network. Just like them, you were useful because you were local and part of an operation made deliberately complicated to avoid detection. And it’s not just passports, Greg.
“We’re still tracking things back, and every piece of information takes us in a different direction—to money laundering, trafficking, illegal immigration, and financial fraud. That cellar beneath Faisal World Travel is the epicentre of a network of hundreds of small businesses, not just around Park Road but in Pakistan, the Philippines, Indonesia, and Malaysia. It’s a significant source of funding for Islamic terrorism, and it looks like we’ve solved one of our other cases already.
“We had a client in Jakarta,” Ritchie said. “A fruit and timber merchant called Bambang, who was being forced to pay protection money into a charity variously called Friends of Aceh or Moslem Hospices or Islamic Defenders. But it’s a cover for a terror group with splinter groups all across Southeast Asia and run from Faisal World Travel using 14 Shipley Street off Park Road as a trading address. 14 Shipley Street was where Kevin was born, and it’s owned by someone called Mohamed Jagrawan. And Mohamed Jagrawan is, we are almost certain, Kevin’s father. Colin is double-checking other things right now. But that computer was a mine of information once we’d hacked into it.”
Ritchie continued to explain to Greg that Colin was now talking to the counter-terrorism police, the immigration police, and the national crime agency.
“What he hasn’t yet told them is the precise location. They know it’s in the Park Road area, but they won’t know it’s a cellar beneath Faisal World Travel until Colin tells them.”
“How can he withhold such information?” Roger asked, fascinated by the way Asher & Asher seemed to work.
Ritchie merely touched his nose and smiled. “The only people who know are those of us who sat in Gordon’s garage last night.”
Just at that moment, there was a ring on the front door. Greg jumped, and even Dalia heard something because her eyes turned towards Greg. Greg went to the window and peered through the curtain. “It’s Kevin,” he said and headed for the door, leaving Roger and Ritchie together in the kitchen.
When Greg opened the door, Kevin was standing there, just as he had always done for two years. As usual, his duffel bag was at his feet, but he didn’t say good morning. Greg was about to invite him inside, but Kevin just looked at him, bit his lip, and shook his head. Then he put a finger to his lips and waved it a little to the left and right.
“Is something wrong, Kevin?” Greg asked.
Kevin gave an almost imperceptible nod. “Is Roger here? Is Ritchie here?”
“Yes. What’s wrong?”
“I have a parcel, but . . . but Kooky Akram brought me here in his car,” he said quietly. “He has never done that before. He is waiting on the corner, and the parcel I have is bigger than usual. He said I should hurry. Hand it over and return to the car. It is not normal, Mr. Greg. I am worried. I don’t know what to do.”
Greg stared at Kevin but did what he always did. He produced his handkerchief, wiped his nose, and raised his eyes to the roadway. “Is that his car parked behind the one Roger used?”
Kevin didn’t turn to look. “Yes.”
“Is he watching us now?”
“Yes. He told me I should give you the parcel and then go.”
Greg wiped his face again, then he stuffed the handkerchief back in his pocket. Should he call Roger and Ritchie who were in the kitchen? No. Then what?
“Do you think he knows there are two others here today? Ritchie and Roger?”
“I don’t know, Greg. Maybe not.”
“And the parcel is in your bag?”
“Yes. It is much bigger and heavier than normal,” he repeated.
Greg frowned. Kevin bit his lip and screwed his face up. “What shall I do, Mr. Greg? I am worried it might—”
“Just wait one minute, Kevin. If he is watching, I will go and fetch a package for you to return. Just like in the past. OK? Stay here. Do not move.”
“Should I take the big parcel out, Mr. Greg?”
“Yes. Put it on the ground by the plant pot so he can’t see it from the road. Understand? When I return with the other package, take it from me and put it in your bag. Leave the big parcel on the ground behind the plant pot and walk calmly back to Akram’s car.”
“Yes, but what will you do with the parcel on the ground?”
“I will probably leave it there, Kevin, but wait here while I return with a package for you.”
Greg, just as he often did, closed the door a little and retreated inside. And Kevin, just as he often did, stared at the half-closed door and waited.
Greg returned with a small brown package. He handed it to Kevin. Kevin put it in his bag, and then he walked down the path. He shut the gate and cross the road towards Roger’s blue Fiat and the other tiny car parked behind. For a moment, Greg stood and watched from the doorway, but then, leaving the parcel on the ground, he closed the door and walked back to the kitchen.
Before he’d arrived, there was a huge explosion, a shattering of glass, and the front door was blown inwards. Dust and smoke poured into the hallway to the kitchen door. Greg tumbled through it and fell onto the floor behind Dalia’s chair. Roger and Ritchie were still sitting at the kitchen table when the door flew open, and Greg collapsed onto the floor. Both of them jumped up; Roger was wincing and holding his ears. Greg groaned but struggled to sit up and then crawled to check Dalia, who looked startled but, with her chairback to the door, was unharmed. Roger went to Greg’s aid. Ritchie went into the hallway and fought his way through dust, broken glass, and smoke to the front door that was lying inwards. The door frame was splintered, and the paintwork and wall were blackened. The front sitting room window had also blown in, the curtains were in shreds, and ceiling debris lay on the carpet. However, there was no fire, just a cloud of fine dust that was slowly settling on the floor. Outside the front door, Greg’s old rose bushes were standing like leafless twigs, the clay plant pot was shattered, and soil lay on the path all the way to the gate.
Across the road, Roger’s borrowed blue Fiat was still there, but Akram’s Ford Kia that had been parked behind it was gone. Behind Roger’s Fiat stood Kevin.
Ritchie ran to him. “Are you OK?”
Kevin nodded. 
“What happened?”
“It was a bomb in the package I delivered. Kooky Akram was supposed to wait for me here, but as soon as I crossed the road, he drove off.” 
“So it will appear that it was you who planted the bomb, Kevin.”
Kevin nodded. “Is Greg OK?”
“He’s OK but lucky. You probably saved his life, Kevin.”
“The police are now going to get involved, aren’t they?”
Ritchie nodded. “No way of stopping it I’m afraid. Come inside.”
As Ritchie led a still shocked Kevin back up the path of 18 Lansdowne Road, a small crowd of neighbours from the other houses appeared. Cars stopped on the main road, and people got out to watch the cloud of dust still settling around Greg’s shattered front door.

CHAPTER 59
Jimmy and I headed south again.
You can’t really talk riding at the back of a motorbike, but around midday, we were back in Nakhon Si Thammarat. I thought we were heading for the town centre again, but in his usual way, Jimmy turned off without saying anything and headed through side streets that skirted the town. Then he turned off again and headed towards the hills to the west.
We passed through a village, and I thought we were heading to the jungle again, until I saw a white and gold wall. Behind it was a Buddhist temple. We drove through the main gate; Jimmy parked the bike at the shade beneath a tree and dismounted.
For a moment, he stood there rolling another in his usual way and licking the paper while I, of course, waited.
“Is this where the hornbills live?” I asked.
“I dunno,” he said with a look that suggested I was a complete nutcase. “Maybe they’re sat up in the hills.” He paused to suck some smoke but still looked at me like I was stupid. “I thought you’d like to see where Cass stayed. I think his friend, the old monk, the one he called Ajahn Lee, has moved on, but the other monk Jon should be somewhere around.”
It seemed like a good idea to me. I’d been thinking as we drove down that everything felt a bit of an anti-climax. Cass looked as if he was going to be OK, Mark was heading to Bangkok and seemed to be think he could influence things from there, and Jimmy and I were . . . well, finished. What more was there to do? I only had a few days left of my holiday.
The grounds of the temple were eerily quiet, but this was, after all, midday. The sun was overhead, the sky was pale blue with a scattering of small white clouds, and the heat was sticky and oppressive. Even the dogs lay asleep with only enough energy to raise their heads to check us out when we arrived. Having dismounted and distanced myself from the stink of Jimmy’s smoke, I took a breath of that sweet scent that had become so familiar to me since I’d arrived.
We never experienced scents like that back in Edmonton. Back there, the only smells were diesel fumes and the stink that came each time we tipped bins of domestic waste into the back of the truck. I’d watch the black plastic bags burst and release all manner of disgusting human detritus as they were mechanically crunched and compressed. Here, I’d passed a few stinking drains, but it was the scent from the clusters of frangipani flowers growing on the woody-looking trees with their big shiny oval-shaped leaves that I found so evocative.
The white frangipani is, I think, the flower I would like placed next to my nose as I drifted off into that final long sleep we must all face one day.
I’m not sure that Jimmy gives much thought to matters of an olfactory nature because as I was pondering on my eventual death and where and how it might happen, he was breathing in another lungful of toxic smoke. I watched him drop the remains of his latest stick onto the ground. Then he wandered over and pointed to the hills behind a row of wooden shacks on stilts beyond the main temple. “You want to take a stroll, Kurt?”
I’d not had much physical exercise recently, so I said, “Sure. Why not.”
“Can you stand the heat?” he said with a smirk.
“Of course,” I said, thinking that a walk in the jungle in daytime heat where I could see where I was going was likely to be a lot better than walking in complete darkness surrounded by swarms of mosquitoes.
The day before, I’d heard Cass say how he’d stayed in one of these wooden huts and walked into the hills with the old monk he called Ajahn Lee. I shall never forget how Cass described it. “I’d never talked to someone like that before,” he said. “Ajahn Lee opened my eyes.”
Does that surprise you that boys can grow into men without ever having talked to someone worth listening to?
In a way, I was the same. So far, music was what had led me down the path towards some sort of understanding and inspiration. Trouble was that my sort of music was too nerdy to mention to anyone. It’s why I listened with my head under a pillow in case someone walked by.
Cass had said he had his eyes opened by a Buddhist monk, and I was to be reminded of that some days later when we all met up in Park Road.

***

Winston had been reminiscing about the hacking of Khan’s computer. He was on an emotional high, the likes of which I’d never seen in Winston before. Enthusiasm exuded through every pore as he tried to explain to me a refuse collector, about encryption keys, bit locker drives, and things he called Crypto walls and Torrent lockers.
Mixed in with his enthusiasm for weird-sounding technology, it was Willie said this and Willie said that. Willie suggested something, Willie thought this, and Willie thought that. The night before, Willie and him had dismantled an old Wi-Fi router, and Willie had explained all the bits and pieces and moved on to explaining radio and how a router converted signals into radio waves. In Winston’s opinion, Willie—the white, long-haired, crazy, and somewhat eccentric teacher—really was the bee’s knees. But it was obvious that Willie was going out of his way to build Winston’s confidence and enthusiasm. Why? I suppose Willie saw something in Winston that no one else had even bothered to look for.
And then there was Walid, orphaned by war and who, like me and Winston and Kevin and Cass, knew nothing of his father. Walid was enthusing about hundreds of ancient car maintenance manuals Gordon kept in a locked cupboard in his office.
“You should see this amazing collection, Kurt. They go right back to 1947. I’d never heard of some old British car makes like Austin, Riley, Morris, and Hillman. I never knew what a pre-selector gear box was until I read one of Gord’s books about Armstrong-Siddeley cars. And did you know about a German car make called NSU that started in business 150 years ago, Kurt? Gord’s got a manual on a 1964 NSU Wankel Spider. It’s real cool, Kurt. Gord told me all about Wankel engines. Did you know they don’t have pistons but what Gord called an eccentric rotary design? The rotor is similar in shape to the Reuleaux triangle, except the sides have less curvature. And they give three power pulses per revolution. Gord says they are a lot smoother than standard piston engines, but they are not very fuel efficient. Do you want to see a cut-away diagram of one, Kurt? I’ll ask Gord if I can borrow it.”
I knew nothing of Winston’s and Walid’s new-found enthusiasms when I set off through the trees with Jimmy, but I couldn’t help but imagine Cass, brought up as a Moslem, walking this same steep route with an old Buddhist monk called Ajahn Lee.
So Jimmy and I set off in the heat of the day with just two bottles of water, my wallet, my phone, and a last pack of peppermint Chiclets in my backpack. Jimmy had no bag, but the pockets of his baggy and dirty yellow trousers bulged and drooped under the weight of his phone, wallet, tobacco, and packets of Rizla paper. 
We trudged upwards following a rough path of flattened twigs and grass that often petered out, forcing us to go back and try another route. At one point, we waded across a shallow stream and stopped to watch hundreds of colourful butterflies feasting on the mud, and I managed a good photo of a big white one with orange tips.
I offered Jimmy a bottle of water, but he waved it away and drank water from the stream instead.
Feeling like a wimp, I then did the same. Then I watched him remove his trousers, stand there in a pair of tartan boxer shorts, and wash them in the stream. He hung them on a bush and then proceeded to remove his boxers and tee shirt, washed them, and hung those next to his trousers. Then, completely nude except for a covering of tattoos that had so far stayed out of sight, he sat on a fallen tree trunk and rolled himself another, blowing smoke into the humid air. He seemed relaxed and very settled, but looking at a naked man is not my sort of relaxation, and I was anxious to move on.
“How long will your clothes take to dry?” I asked him.
“Do they need to dry. Kurt? They were wet with sweat ten minutes ago.”
“I suppose it doesn’t matter,” I said feebly. “Normally, I try to wear dry clothes but under the circumstances—”
“If you don’t want to sit down, Kurt, why not go and look for a few hornbills? I don’t guarantee you’ll see one, but you might strike lucky. But watch out for Burmese pythons. They like to sunbathe at this time of day.”
“I like snakes,” I said. “The bigger the better. I’ll head on up. Cass mentioned a nice view at the top.”
He said nothing but waved a hand that was more of a dismissal than a see-you-later type of wave, and I set off following the stream as it trickled downhill.

CHAPTER 60
That failed attempt to kill or seriously injure Greg and to implicate Kevin was a mistake for Khan. The local police, press, and media were immediately on the case. So, too, were the national crime agencies who, through Colin Asher, already had an advantage over the local police. Within hours, Colin Asher had revealed the source: Faisal World Travel on Park Road. By the end of the day, the local police were instructed to take a back seat, while the National Crime Agency and anti-terrorism force took over.
Meanwhile, in Thailand, Mark Dobson had discussed Cass’s case with the British embassy, and the embassy had gone into action, requesting assistance and cooperation from the Thai government. The Thais talked to counterparts in Malaysia, Indonesia, and the Philippines, and names and photographs, mostly from Cass’s collection, were passed around. 
Jimmy called someone at the US Embassy, but in his usual style, he walked away from me to speak. When he finished, he wandered back, rolling another spliff and looking just as serious as he always did. “Take it easy, Kurt. Early days.” 
But here’s what I know now happened. Malaysian police raided properties, and the Thai police moved into villages and on the border with orders to detain suspects. 
They’d been told that their job was to find Kett, who was now thought to be Mohamed Jagrawan. But Kett was just a symbol of international Islamic terrorism, not a known face. They didn’t know what they were looking for because, unlike Bin Laden, there was no one single image of him that everyone everywhere recognised. Kett wore disguises, used different passports, and was a mystery even to his closest followers who knew him only by names like Rayeeson or Kaheedon.  But then, international security forces became involved, and things happened quickly. 
Within hours of Cass being found and with Mark Dobson providing proof that this wasn’t just about terrorism but big-scale international crime, someone, somewhere decided to mount a serious combined operation. The search for Kett suddenly became a top priority, and the evidence seemed to suggest he’d not gone far.
For Kevin’s mum, Silvia, the name Kett had meant nothing, but it was Silvia who had provided the lead from Cass’s photos. From those, Colin Asher had established that Mohamed Jagrawan had taken a flight from Islamabad to London Heathrow on a date in September. The name had also appeared on a recent Pakistan International Airlines passenger list on a flight to Kuala Lumpur, but there was no such name on any flights leaving Malaysia, and he could easily have got into Thailand on another passport. 
Theoretically Mohamed Jagrawan was still there, but it was impossible to be sure. They began checking the other names pinpointed by Silvia and Cass—Hassan Bashir, a Pakistani; a Lebanese passport holder called Mahmoud Al-Sahili; an Italian passport holder, Pascale Marinello; and Afghan names like Shah Massoud, Abdul Rahim, and Mohammad Mohaqik.
Meanwhile, in UK, Kevin and Greg had been taken to the county police headquarters and were interviewed. Kevin, relieved of the pressure of what might happen to his mum, told them everything. Roger, Gordon, Willie, Walid, and Winston were also spoken to. When they admitted breaking into Khan’s cellar, the police seemed to find it almost amusing. Under the circumstances, no charges would be made.
By nightfall, the police had closed off Park Road, and the whole area was lit up by red-and-blue flashing lights as armed police and anti-terrorism officers surrounded Faisal World Travel and Kooky Akram’s car that was parked on the road outside. 
Khan and Kooky were found in the cellar desperately trying to carry everything upstairs and out to Kooky’s car. There was a short kerfuffle, but within minutes, both Khan and Kooky were led in handcuffs to a waiting police car. 
By midnight, another search was underway at Khan’s big three-storey house on the corner of Midland Road and Waverley Avenue. Dozens of residents, men and women, were rounded up and taken for questioning, while half of the city’s main through road was closed off. 
By daybreak, the police had obtained permission to move into the Park Road mosque. They raided Cass’s old terraced house at 43 Shipley Street, other houses on Brick Street, and then moved into Raja’s store, Mootala’s, the Cash for Clothes shop, and Hussein’s Money Exchange on Baker Street. 
By midday, the events in Park Road had become national news, and Roger, Willie, Gordon, Winston, and Walid were watching a police press conference on a portable TV in Gordon’s office.
“I can confirm that following credible intelligence reports, a large number of arrests have been made in the vicinity of Park Road. I can also confirm that this is not just an anti-terrorism investigation but involves widespread criminal activity. This is an ongoing investigation, and we are now working with international agencies and other police forces. A number of arrests have also been made in London, Birmingham, Manchester, and Edinburgh . . .”
“Is it true, sir, that there are links to leaders of Al Qaida and ISIL?”
“I can’t comment on that. This is an ongoing investigation.”
“But can you confirm that there are links with Southeast Asia, where a local boy who had been missing for two years was found?”
“Yes.”
“Has the boy been arrested, sir?”
“He’s being questioned as a witness.”
“Do you expect to arrest him later in connection with this?”
“No.”
“Have charges been brought against anyone, sir?”
“Yes. These include possession of materials likely to cause injury to others, money laundering, immigration offences, and human trafficking. Other arrests are likely.”
“Well,” Gordon said at last. “I never thought I’d live to see Khan’s shop front on national TV, least of all lit up by blue lights. I reckon if it comes on the market, we might put in a bid for it. What do you think, Wally? Shall we expand the business?”
It had been Gordon who suggested that the police might like to check The Lawns, the big modern five-bedroom house with its panoramic view across the river on Redhill Crescent. When the police called on Councillor Mohammed Basra, neither he or his wife were home.
Meanwhile, Kevin and his mum were still at police headquarters. “For your own protection,” a plain-clothes officer had told them. 
Kett then made a mistake. A man resembling him was stopped in Johor Bahru on his way to Singapore carrying an Indonesian passport in the name of Muhammad Saputra with a photo that was an exact copy of Cass’s image 224. That same image was used in one of the few Indonesian passports Greg had made. The proof was there in the form of an almost invisible dot, a star of David, with the word Ziyuf.

CHAPTER 61
I knew none of this when I left Jimmy contentedly smoking in the nude on his tree trunk as his yellow trousers and tee shirt hung from a branch.
I headed upwards following a vague track that I imagined Cass might have followed with Ajahn Lee. The forest was thick, but as I climbed it gradually, thinned and blue sky began to appear through the tree tops.
I stopped for a while to sit on a large moss-covered boulder and to drink some water. Then I lay back, looked up, and listened. I listened but could hear nothing except for a few faint sounds of invisible birds in the trees high above. That was when I heard a faint crackling sound from the undergrowth. Thoughts of Burmese pythons crossed my mind, but when I raised my head, I saw a small brown deer with its head down, feeding and moving slowly through the undergrowth. Then I saw another. I didn’t move. I didn’t even take out my phone. I just watched them. I watched them for fifteen minutes or so. I was scared to move or sit up in case I frightened them. Slowly undisturbed, they moved away, and when I could no longer see them, I sat up. I had no idea what they were at that time, but I will never forget that sight. I was the only one in the world who’d seen them.
You see what can happen when you leave all that uncivilised urbanity behind? It was why I’d flown six thousand miles. It was a bit late, I know, as I was due to fly back in a couple of days. I had absolutely no desire to send a message to Coolie or Friggin or Lennie or Bungee, but my search for peace and tranquillity had just paid off.
I made it to the top, and it was just as Cass had so briefly described it. It was a bare rocky summit with a straggle of low trees and shrubs, and when I climbed to the highest point, the view was magnificent. I could see the sea—a shimmering flat blue and a distant horizon that seemed to go on forever.
I must have sat there for an hour, until I heard a branch crack somewhere, and Jimmy appeared. He strolled closer but didn’t speak, and I didn’t say anything either when he climbed onto my rock and sat down a few yards away. I expected him to light up, but he didn’t. He just sat with his legs crossed, staring out towards the sea with his freshly shampooed hair flowing in the breeze. Then he lay back with his hands behind his head, looking skywards.
It started to cool down as the sun sank lower. By then I, too, had lain backwards and must have fallen asleep when I felt a hand on my shoulder. When I opened my eyes, I wondered where I was until I saw Jimmy looking down at me from a height of about six feet. “You gonna stay there all night?” he asked.
I raised my head. “I must have dozed off,” I replied.
Surprisingly, he didn’t kick me to make me stand up but sat down beside me. “Did you see a hornbill?”
“No, but I saw a couple of deer.”
“You were lucky.”
“I was quiet and watched them for a while.”
He said nothing for a moment. Then, “When are you heading home?”
“In two days. I need to get the bus to Phuket tomorrow.”
He still hadn’t lit up or even rolled a fresh one, and I wondered if he’d run out of Rizlas or something. 
“How long are you planning to collect other people’s trash?” he asked, looking far out to the sea.
It was a question that I constantly pondered on. What were my chances of becoming a facilities operator, a senior cleansing operative, or a recycling adviser? And did I care anyway? “Not too long,” I said. “I think I’d prefer to be a forest ranger or an expert on hornbills.”
“You’re young enough to choose, Kurt. You’ve got options. Remember what I told you? The first battles you wage on the way to becoming what you want are those with yourself.”
“But if you don’t know what you want, where do you start?”
“Start by eliminating what you don’t want?”
“That cuts out becoming a senior cleansing operative then.” 
He gave a short sort of laugh. “Join the army, Kurt. Best decision I ever made.”
“Despite having to pick up the body parts and then the rest of your life?” 
“Sure. Despite all that. Life’s too short, Kurt. It throws shit at you, but you just got to brush yourself down and carry on. I reckon Cass learned a few things about himself when he stayed here and talked to that old monk Ajahn Lee.” 
I didn’t reply to that because I’d concluded the same and decided I wanted a long chat with Cass sometime when things were back to normal. And then, of course, I thought about the word normal. 
I didn’t want normal. I’d always planned to avoid normal at all costs. Normal meant not changing. It meant keeping to a routine—the status quo. What I wanted was variety plus a bit of spice.
Jimmy was still staring out to sea, and for some reason, I remembered a painting called the Boyhood of Raleigh that I’d once seen in an art book in a library. It depicted the famous old Elizabethan explorer, Sir Walter Raleigh, as a boy being inspired by an old sailor to go to sea, to head into the unknown, and to face the unpredictable with all its dangers and its rewards. 
As a boy of twelve, I’d often wondered where I might find an old sailor like that who could point to the horizon, tell me a few stories, and inspire me to get off my ass and head somewhere that wasn’t normal. Jimmy wasn’t a sailor, but he was an old American soldier who’d been around a bit and probably had far more stories to tell than he’d told me. And, if I wasn’t mistaken, it looked to me like he’d just given up smoking. 

CHAPTER 62
So there we were, a few weeks later, in the Queen’s Head, and I’d just been appointed as the writer.
After discussing everything from Robinson Crusoe to Voodoo to modern slavery and becoming too confused to carry on, we called Roger, Gordon, and Willie to join us.
It was Willie who, like the schoolteacher he is, decided to appoint himself as the coordinator. It didn’t last long, but he’d at least tried to maintain some order.
“They go off on too many tangents,” he told Roger and Gordon. “They never complete a subject before proceeding to the next. It’s like when—”
Willie’s ability to keep control over this class failed immediately, and his favourite student, Winston, was the villain. “I know what tangents are, Willie,” Winston said. “Finding tangent lines led to calculus.”
“Quite right,” Willie said, but there was a noise from Kevin.
“I really don’t want to know that,” he moaned. “Winston learned too much after he left school.”
“We all learned more after leaving school,” Cass said.
“You’re going off on a tangent,” said Walid.
In the end, it was Roger who thumped the table and announced that this was supposed to be a catch-up in honour of Cass’s return to Park Road, not a formal gathering. The last few weeks had been busy for all of us, and it was the first time we’d all got together in one place. Our enthusiasm was not to be dampened, and we were here in the Queen’s Head for as long as it would take because Gabby would lock the door after official closing time.
Indeed, there was no rush. I’d taken a bus from London and had booked a space on the floor at Walid’s place on Shipley Street.
And since Cass had returned, he’d moved into Kevin’s attic not because of its decor or amenities but because the attic was longer and wider than either Winston’s or Walid’s bedsitters. Nor was there any chance now of hassle from Khan because Faisal World Travel had shut, and Khan, Kooky Akram, and a few others were locked up awaiting court appearances. This meant also that Kevin’s retractable ladder could be left down permanently, ready to use whenever he felt like it. We’d all gone up there earlier to admire the polystyrene ceiling cladding and to listen to the pigeons.
A few days before, we’d all chipped in for Kevin to take a train and a bus to Scotland so he could retrieve his car from Hamish. Hamish had fixed it and even fitted four new tyres. All it had needed was a thorough service and check over, and Walid had done that.
With Roger now demanding attention, we shut up, grinning at one another. Gordon took a drink, Winston picked up his can of Pepsi, Kevin sucked his orange juice, Willie poured himself another glass of red wine from his bottle, Walid sipped his lager, and Cass looked at me as I relaxed, leaning back.
Roger provided the first surprise.
“While Kevin was in Scotland fetching his car,” he said, “I was finally able to drive Madge back home, so I invited Silvia to join me.”
Kevin clearly knew nothing of this because he sniffed and his eyelashes fluttered.
“She liked my cottage,” Roger continued. “It’s not big, but it’s cosy enough. She also liked my music collection so much so that I played her ‘The Lark Ascending,’ which was always my favourite piece. Trouble is I get all emotional when I hear that piece, and I did something quite out of character.”
Kevin’s eyelashes stopped fluttering, and he stared at Roger.
“I asked her if she’d like to move in with me,” Roger said. “And then . . . well, she accepted.”
I’d been watching Kevin throughout this, but I didn’t anticipate his action. He’d been sitting right next to Roger, but in one second, he turned from the quiet, shy, and unsure individual I remembered from school into a raving lunatic. He stood up, punched the air, shouted yes, and flung his arms around Roger. I thought he was going to kiss the top of Roger’s bald head, but he stopped short of that and shouted “Yes, yes!” all over again.
I think we all cheered, but it was, I admit, a bit emotional. Gordon wiped his eyes, and even Gabby came over and offered free drinks all around. Of course, we declined because we knew he couldn’t afford it. Instead, Gordon ordered two more bottles of Willie’s red wine that we’d all been watching him drink with some envy.
And then it was Willie’s turn. Willie announced that, in thirty years of teaching, he reckoned that Winston was the best and most committed student who’d left school with nothing that he’d ever come across. We all cheered at that because we all knew that school had never suited Winston. Winston had been like me except he’d done even better and been thrown out of two of Ms. Edwards’s psychology lessons.
We cheered even more when Willie then said he’d pay for Winston to do an Open University degree in computing and IT. I thought Winston would cry at that, but he managed to put on a brave face by looking as if it was only to be expected. As he was sitting next to me, I told him he was a creep.
As for Gordon, we all knew how much he thought of Walid. “Keep getting to work at 8:00 a.m. and staying late, Wally,” he said.
I have to say I thought that was it until Walid told me more later when we were trying to get to sleep on his floor. Gordon, Walid said, was planning to move out of Park Road into bigger premises on the Mill Lane industrial estate off Lansdowne Road where Greg lived. “He wants me to become a partner, Kurt,” Walid said.
I wasn’t quite sure what that meant.
“A partner,” Walid repeated. “He wants to make me a partner in Gordon’s Motors so that when he retires . . . well, he’s got nobody else . . . except a parrot.”
“Very good,” I said but with lurking doubts about the future in fixing the sort of cars Gordon had specialised in for thirty years.
Walid obviously read my thoughts. It was 2:00 a.m., and I almost fell asleep as he started telling me about the future for car service stations. But he was so excited that he kept me awake.
“In 2050, they’ll be like hospital-operating theatres, Kurt. I need to learn all about robots and 3D printing and laser welding and remote fixing using holograms. Cars will drive themselves to the garage for fixing. And you know what, Kurt? No one’s interested in car repairs right now because they think it’s a dirty business. That’s what Gordon says, but he knows things are changing. He wants me to stick around and be ready when the time comes.”
I fell to sleep with a smile on my face because it was obvious to me that all five of us, the original bad boys from Woodlands School, were at last looking to the future.
“What’ll you do, Kurt?” he asked me.
“I’m joining the army,” I said. “Life’s too short. It can throw serious shit at you. Cass and Kevin found that out just by living in and around Park Road. Shit hit you once, Walid, but you started walking. You just got to brush yourself down and carry on.”
Jimmy had told me that. In fact, he had taught me a lot of things in his unique style. I will always remember how, on my last day, seeing him sitting there looking out to sea, he had reminded me of that painting of the Boyhood of Raleigh.
I’ve since read a bit more on Sir Walter Raleigh. It didn’t end too well for him. He was beheaded, but he’d lived a good life of sixty-five years, and right up until the axe fell, he was still spouting stuff that made good sense.
“Let us dispatch,” he said to his executioner. “At this hour, my ague comes upon me. I would not have my enemies think I quaked from fear.”
Sir Walter was definitely my sort of guy. He was even allowed to check out the axe for sharpness before it fell. “This is indeed a sharp medicine,” he’d said. “It is a physician for all diseases and all miseries.”
What a man!
I must tell Jimmy to check out Sir Walter someday. After all, Raleigh, North Carolina, is right next door to Virginia, where Jimmy comes from.

***

Our gathering in the Queen’s Head ended with Cass. 
He still didn’t look like we all remembered from two years ago. He was thinner, darker skinned, and walked with a limp.
“I got beaten in Turkey,” he explained. “I couldn’t walk for days, but then I had to walk from Malaysia into Thailand, and then I walked north on and on. I’d never have made it to Bangkok. It’s my knees. And my feet. I’ll never complain about blisters again.”
Colin Asher, Mark Dobson, and Ritchie had organised his flight home, and it was Ritchie and me who met him off the plane at Heathrow. Ritchie then drove him to Park Road, where he met with Kevin and Roger. That was when he broke down. I suppose it was gratitude, but none of us will ever fully understand what he’d been through in those two years away. No one knows where his mother and grandmother are although Colin Asher is trying to find out. 
After Ritchie returned to London, Kevin gave him a conducted tour of his attic. Cass clearly thought it was fine, and it wasn’t just because Kevin was living here. I just think it was far superior to where he’d been staying in Syria and Turkey. 
And so, it came to our Queens Head meeting where, in a way, Cass was the guest of honour but also the quietest. We all knew why, so we hadn’t pushed him. We’d all explained our plans, Roger had admitted to a certain fondness for Silvia, and Willie and Gordon had drunk most of the wine. 
That’s when we all looked expectantly at Cass. What was his plan now?
“I’m going back to Thailand,” he said. “I’m going to become a Buddhist monk.”
That shook us into silence for a moment, but then none of us knew much about the few days he’d spent in the temple with Ahahn Lee and Jon. We do now, and I have tried to describe it. Perhaps in the same way that Roger had influenced Kevin, Willie had helped Winston, Gordon had offered Walid a job, and Jimmy had influenced me, it is not surprising that a rather special Buddhist monk, famed for his simple words and basic common sense, had influenced Cass. 
Cass had, after all, come straight from a war zone and was being pursued by people out to kill him for the crime of refusing to commit his life to terrorism in the name of a god he’d always felt uncomfortable with. 
Buddhism is a way of life rather than a religion, and Cass had discovered a way of life with which he felt comfortable and which I, having seen something of it from my short time there, could easily understand. 
In a way, Jimmy was a sort of Buddhist. I still think that, for some reason, he’d decided to give up smoking on my last day with him. Was it something I’d said? I don’t know, but I think his yellow silk trousers, which he never discarded and always washed and put back on were a sort of Jimmy-style acknowledgement to a way of life that he felt comfortable with.
Jimmy asked me to stay in touch with him, and I will do. 

***

We’d finished two more bottles of Gordon’s red wine and were thinking of calling it a night when my phone rang. 
It was Ritchie in London.
“Kurt,” he said, “do you know where Cass and Kevin are?”
“They’re sitting right next to me,” I said. “You want to talk to them?”
“No,” he said. “Can you pass on a message?”
“Sure,” I said. 
“We’ve spent two days on this,” Ritchie said, “and we can’t see any other conclusion to draw.”
“What’s that?” I asked.
“Mohamed Jagrawan, Shah Massoud, Abdul Rahim, Mohammad Mohaqik, Hassan Bashir, Mahmoud Al-Sahili, and Muhammad Khokhar are all the same person collectively known as Kett. He has been on a wanted list for at least ten years and is now being held in custody in Kuala Lumpur on charges of terrorism.” He paused.
“But here’s the reason for my call. Kett had two sons. One was born in Pakistan and brought here as a month-old baby. That baby’s name was Qasim. The other one was born here and was called Kareem. You can tell Cass and Kevin they are half-brothers. I’m sure they won’t mind.”

Other books by Terry Morgan
Website: www.tjmbooks.com
An Old Spy Story

The old spy in An Old Spy Story is octagenerian Oliver “Ollie” Thomas. During a long career spent trying to earn an honest living with his own export business, Ollie was also, reluctantly, carrying out parallel assignments in Africa and the Middle East only loosely connected to British Intelligence. But, by using threats and blackmail, his controller Major Alex Donaldson was forcing Ollie to help run his own secret money-making schemes that included arms shipments to the IRA through Gadaffi and Libya, money laundering in Africa, and assassination. 
Now aged eighty-six, recently widowed, and alone, Ollie still struggles with guilt and anger over his past and decides to make one last attempt to track down and deal with Donaldson. 
“A masterful tale by someone who knows exactly what he is writing about.”
“A wonderful and moving love story from an elderly man’s perspective is beautifully woven into it, and the ending is masterful.”
“I enjoyed it—exciting, endlessly beguiling, and fun.”
“Thoroughly enjoyable from start to finish. A remarkable book from a writer who has clearly been there and done it. Easy reading.” 




Whistleblower

Vast amounts of international aid money are being stolen by those at the heart of the political establishment. Ex-politician Jim Smith, threatened and harassed into fleeing abroad for his accusations of the fraud, secretly returns to renew his campaign. A realistic thriller covering events in the USA, Europe, Africa, the Middle East, and Asia and a sensitive study of a stubborn and talented man who steadfastly refuses to fit into the stereotype of a successful businessman and a modern politician. 
“Highly convincing. This could all be happening right now. Another realistic and highly entertaining story.”
“This book has the sort of political intrigue that captivates viewers of shows like House of Cards, but the main man is actually a decent person in Whistleblower. As someone who prefers protagonists on the correct moral side of the spectrum, it made the book that much more enjoyable (AMAZON).
“Whistleblower by Terry Morgan, is an international thriller that stretches from England to Thailand with many stops in between.” 
“The plot centers around the timely topic of international aid money and the criminals who feed on it. The hero, the story’s whistleblower, is British ex-politician Jim Smith, and the story follows him around the globe as he seeks to put a stop to the corruption.” 
“Morgan, a world traveller who now resides in Thailand, knows his locations well. Cities in Italy and Africa come alive, and Jim Smith’s home in off-the-beaten-path Thailand is wonderfully described, allowing readers to feel like they’re there. This is no easy thing to do, and the authenticity of the various settings is a real strength of the book.” 
“Another strength includes the protagonist. Smith is not a typical hero. He’s older and lacks the suaveness and action-hero credentials of a James Bond or Jason Bourne, but he more than makes up for it with his intelligence and depth. A big pleasure in the book is being invited into this man’s life as he tries to pick up the pieces after an underhanded campaign aimed at ruining him.” 
“The plot moves along briskly, and the technology, players (politicians, intelligence agencies, criminals), and small details about the finance industry all add up to a novel that’s rich in credibility and intrigue. Anyone interested in seeing the world from the comfort of a good armchair should read Morgan’s book” (AMAZON).
An Honourable Fake

At age fourteen, Femi Akindele, an orphaned street boy from the Makoko slum in Lagos, Nigeria, decided to call himself Pastor Gabriel Joshua. Unqualified and self-taught and now in his mid-forties, Gabriel has become a flamboyant, popular, and highly acclaimed international speaker on African affairs, economics, terrorism, corruption, and the widespread poverty and economic migration that results.
Gabriel wants changes, but in his way lie big corporations, international politics, and a group of wealthy but corrupt Nigerians financing a terrorist organisation, the COK, with one purpose in mind—the overthrow of the democratically elected Nigerian president and the establishment of a vast new West African state.
On Gabriel’s side, though, are his loyal boyhood friend Solomon, a private investigator of international corporate fraud, and the newly appointed head of the Nigerian State Security Service Colonel Martin Abisola. 
“A rare sort of political thriller—a black African hero.”
“Accomplished and knowledgeable—a class follow up to Whistleblower.”


Vendetta

An eccentric, untidy Oxford University professor of biology Eddie Higgins has become the scientific adviser to a local cosmetics company run by its new and vivacious chief executive Isobel Johnson. It doesn’t begin well. “Yours is an industry dogged by exaggerated claims, impossible claims, and false claims,” he tells her. With locations moving between the UK, Thailand, and Malaysia, this is the third book in the Asher & Asher series with a new recruit to the team, Ritchie Nolan, a black dreadlocked dropout from a North London drama school whose job is to infiltrate Russian and Chinese gangs involved in counterfeiting, money laundering, and drug smuggling. 
The Malthus Pandemic

A virologist with extreme views on population control has created a new virus, Malthus A, in a plot to help spread the virus in return for profits from treatments and counterfeit drugs. But can Mark Dobson from international commercial crime investigators Asher & Asher persuade politicians and international crime agencies to act to stop the spread?
It is the first book in the Asher & Asher series.

Prisoners of Conscience and Circumstance

Set around the year 2050 when overpopulation is causing food and energy shortages, mass unemployment, social tension, and civil conflict. An ex-politician and professor of biology talks to a grandson no longer able to cope with life in an overcrowded city. A follow-up to the author’s novel The Malthus Pandemic, this hard-hitting, illustrated short novel contains facts and forecasts supported by original papers. 
“Not for the faint hearted.” 
The Red Lantern 

The Red Lantern is a selection of six short stories about international crime, corruption, and terrorism taken from five of the author’s full-length novels—An Old Spy Story, Whistleblower, Vendetta, An Honourable Fake, and Bad Boys.




God’s Factory and Four Men
 
Terry Morgan writes mainly serious novels with strong international background but intersperse them with less serious satire and humour like God’s Factory and Four Men.



