Band of Blackbirds
Book 2
M.M. Gavillet

Also by
M.M. Gavillet

Gathering of Blackbirds

Don’t miss book three and the conclusion

Alliance of Blackbirds

October 2013
Band of Blackbirds
By M.M. Gavillet
Published by M.M. Gavillet at Smashwords
Copyright © 2013 by M.M. Gavillet
This ebook is licensed for your personal enjoyment only. This ebook may not be re-sold or given away to other people. If you would like to share this book with another person, please purchase an additional copy for each recipient. If you’re reading this book and did not purchase it, or it was not purchased for your use only, then please return to Smashwords.com and purchase your own copy. Thank you for respecting the hard work of this author.
 


For all the late bloomers who still continue to bloom.

Acknowledgments
I have to thank all of my village people—you know who you are! I also have to thank my husband who still puts up with my writing obsession and to Kyle for still making me laugh and to Ashley for still being Ashley. I would also like to thank anyone who read the first book and either out of curiosity or are just being nice enough to read the second book—just to let you know there will be a third. And I still hope my dad manages to peek down every once in a while to see I have written another book and didn’t give up.






Chapter One
“Too late, we’re surrounded,” said Ian with a frantic voice. “The sharks, they smelled the blood.”
Suddenly, the boat was hit with an enormous thud causing it to rock side to side splashing salt water onto my face.I wiped it out of my eyes as the bottom of the boat dug into my back.I closed my eyes wishing this wasn’t happening and was back with Gabe in Atlantis.
My thoughts painfully drifted to him.Gabe had brought me to Atlantis, been the lifeboat in my once chaotic life in St. F and dared me to trust him.I tried to call out his name, but knew he wasn’t with me.We were somewhere else, a different world.I remembered the bright light and breaking the surface of the water with Ian hanging onto me so I didn’t slip into the blackness of a watery grave.The portal had led us from Atlantis, and brought us here, to Eutopia.
I wanted to get up, but was too weak and could only see blue skies dotted with puffy clouds that reflected the dawn like cotton balls saturated with diluted blood.
Another thud hit the boat and more salt water splashed onto my face.I didn’t bother to wipe it away.I looked up at Ian who peered at the dark haired boy behind me.I didn’t know his name or who he was, but Ian seemed to know him.
“Don’t worry, I have come prepared,” the boy said.“Besides, this one is just curious, playing and inquisitive.You’re lucky I was out watching them.”
I could hear him begin to hum passively as Ian ran his fingers through his hair with a disturbed look on his face.“What are you doing?Humming?”Ian huffed.“These are Alarician Sharks…they can take down a ship ten times this size!And…you’re humming.”
Another thud hit the boat, and this time it was harder.I feared the sharks were done playing and wanted something more.I closed my eyes tightly as he continued to hum.The tune was slow and calming.I truly hoped it worked on the playful now turned deadly sharks.
“They’re just playing, don’t fret.Besides, they like to be sung to.”His voice was calm as he picked up where he left off on his tune.“You know, if people would take more time understanding these creatures, they would spend less time fearing them.”
I then could see the boy’s arm fling something over my head that was followed by a splash.
“There, now they have something to munch on besides us,” said the dark haired boy. Ian looked behind him more likely watching the sharks.
“You worry too much Ian,” the boy replied.

The boat didn’t get slammed into anymore. Whatever was thrown in must have worked in deterring the sharks.I felt relieved of that, but, what now?How far out at sea was we, and what will happen when or if we get to shore?I had so many questions and didn’t want to lie here looking up at the bluing sky and Ian who had fallen asleep for what seemed like hours ago since the shark attack.
I stretched my arms out and grabbed hold of the side of the boat.Ian had wrapped the piece of cloth tightly around my forearm to keep me from bleeding all over the place.My body was stiff and sore, but it felt good to sit up and look around.Water and sky were the only two things I could see.I rested my chin on my hand that clutched the side of the boat and watched the oar go in and out of the turquoise water.
“Ah, our pretty little princess has awaken and in time too, we are just about home,” he said as I slowly turned my head and tried to sit up a little straighter.
“Emily, you shouldn’t sit up and don’t drip any blood in the water…the sharks.”Ian sounded more concerned about sharks than me sitting up.I didn’t listen to him and turned to the dark haired boy.
He smiled widely at me.His long, solid looking arms moved in unison as he rowed us closer to a sliver of brown in the distance.
“Where are we and why are you calling me a princess?”I asked remembering him calling me highness and welcoming me to Eutopia.
“Don’t all girls liked to be called princess?”He only smiled and gazed at me with his icy eyes that looked unnaturally green.
“No, they don’t.”I lowered my chin giving him a disgusted look then gazed off in the distance.
“Well, most girls I’ve known like it.”He continued anyhow.“It makes them feel special, even when they are just common folk.Or actually, one time, I couldn’t remember a girl’s name that I was sort-of-dating and I called her that for nearly a year before I got caught.She liked me calling her princess up until then.”He shrugged his shoulders and gave me a crooked smile.I ignored him.
“Where exactly are we, Ian?”I turned to him.
“This is the Alarician Sea and is a wonderful place to observe the water life.”The dark haired boy answered quickly before Ian could even draw in a breath.He almost sounded like a tour guide.I didn’t bother to look at him.
“What about Gabe and the rest of the Blackbirds…”My voice trailed off and a lump formed in my throat.
The Blackbirds were a small group of the Alliances Creed—a group devoted to securing magical implements, including a very powerful and mysterious pendant that was planted on me.They kept my ability to hear silent messages secret and included me as their own—even if it meant risking their lives for me.
I could only guess if they were alive or not.I pushed my pessimistic thoughts away and hoped to see Zach’s animals, visit with Claire and see Alicia’s finished stained glass window she was working on.I was just beginning to know them, the closest thing I had to a family.
Ian sat motionless.He had his elbow on the side of the boat and supported his head with a curled fist.He looked like a stiff statue made of stone.Slowly he opened his eyes.
“They are still in Atlantis and we are here, the last place I thought I would ever return.We are in Eutopia--my home.”
 I knew from Claire that Ian was from Eutopia and no one knew it except for the Blackbirds.
“The portal brought us here even though I tried to make a path back to Kangee.It still led us here anyhow.”Ian rubbed his forehead as I gazed up at him.
 For a moment I could see his face curl with disgust.I felt the anger he had for himself at his own mistake and tried to push it away.I knew Ian wasn’t pleased by his expression and our obvious position, but to feel such a strong emotion radiate through me for only a split second made me wonder if my Receptor abilities to pick up on messages sent by the elements had gone askew.I’ve only recently found out about my secret message sending and receiving, but this was new.I wish I could’ve asked Karinna, she was still teaching me about being a Receptor, but she too, was back at Atlantis.I would be on my own for this.
 I wanted to somehow comfort Ian and even though I didn’t have a clue on how to get to Atlantis, I wanted to tell him that we would get back, somehow.
“By the way princess, my name is Caleb and it is nice to have you with us,” Caleb said suddenly breaking my concern over Ian.
“Stop it!”I yelled still feeling the remnants of Ian’s frustration.“Stop calling me princess!”I smacked my hand on the side of the boat accidentally in anger causing blood to trickle down my arm.
I rewrapped the bandage as Caleb only smiled at me.
“I’m not calling you that to make you feel special.I’m calling you that because that’s what you are.”His smile faded as he raised his eyebrows at me.
“I’m not a princess.You must have me confused with someone else.”I started to feel nauseated and leaned against the side of the boat.
Caleb only smiled widely and started to laugh, which angered me.I felt I had to throw up and as much as I was glad Caleb was there to rescue us, I wish he would be quiet.
“Well, actually you’re a lesser princess, I believe your mother was farther down the royalty line,” Caleb said so casually as his words shot through me like an arrow on fire.
“My mother…you knew her?”I could hardly breathe and it took all my breath just to speak.
“Not personally, most of the family was killed when the Wall was put up by the Council.”The coastline behind Caleb became defined, but I didn’t care now, I wanted to know about my mother.
“You mean my mother…is from here, not Earth?”I asked.
Caleb looked past me to Ian.“She doesn’t know?”
I turned to Ian who grew pale upon my gaze.
“I just found out myself.How do you know this Caleb?” He crossed his arms.“This isn’t some come-on-to-girls technique, is it?”
I looked back at Caleb.He had a dumbfounded look on his face.“It’s written in the Prophecy Book that a girl of the lesser will come to destroy the Wall and free all who are burden to its separation.I can’t believe you of all didn’t read about it.”Caleb looked at Ian who only shrugged his shoulders.“I read about it, studied it and then roughly calculated the timing and then, bam, there you were.”Caleb looked at me.“Or, I hope it’s you, because time is running out for you to destroy the Wall.”
I shook my head as Caleb’s words spun in my head like a carnival ride twirling with screaming people.
“How am I supposed to destroy some Wall, free people, when I never knew this place existed?”I asked overwhelmed with my head aching as the boat skirted to a graceful stop along a dock.
“You’re the princess, you’ll figure it out.”Caleb smirked, taunting me to the point that I was exhausted of words. 
 
The dock looked almost to be abandoned.Through the broken boards, I stepped carefully watching my watery image as I passed to the safety of the shore.
I wanted to ask Caleb the questions that piled inside of me about my mother, but he kept looking around and told Ian to hurry to not be seen.I can only wonder what we would be seen by. 
Caleb and Ian pulled the boat to the sandy shore as I stood in the coarse sand thinking of Gabe and my first time at a beach.I closed my eyes for just a second trying to capture the brilliant blues of the Sanudra Ocean of Atlantis.We had walked for what seemed like miles with his hand in mine. The sand there was fine in texture and warm, but nothing now but a memory.I wondered how or even if I would get back.
“We have to move quickly, or the Rangers will arrest us.”Caleb looked at Ian then into the distance.
A dense tree line framed the beach.Thick, green vines curled around the tall, long needled trees and in some places, crept onto the sand in a thick, green carpet.The dead trees leaned against live ones like a drunkard to a brick wall encased in the choking vines like a death shroud.
“Here, princess.”Caleb knelt with his back to me and his broad shoulders resting about hip height. 
“What are you doing…and quit calling me princess!”I felt my stomach churn as I pulled my hand through my hair.
“You don’t look well and I thought a ride would be nice.”Caleb stood up, brushed his hands off and looked at me with his striking green eyes.
“Not to mention quicker,” Ian chimed in. “We need to move and if I remember right, there are still secret passages.”He looked at Caleb with an inquiring voice.
“Of course-- even some things that are good don’t change.”Caleb smiled and shrugged his shoulders.
“Emily get on Caleb’s back and let’s go.”Ian demanded before he tromped off towards the forest.
I stood with gaping mouth and looked at Caleb who only smiled and shrugged his shoulders at me.
 “Wait, who made you in charge?”I asked catching up with him.
I gazed into his eyes challenging his self-proclaimed authority when I realized something that either came from my Receptor abilities or something deeper.I felt I should listen to him, but didn’t want to.Just as I thought of retaliating, I felt his concern for me, which in turn made me feel like a spoiled brat. 
Ian looked at me as I stood baffled unsure of what was happening.He then let out a sigh.
“We don’t have time for this, and we have to move quickly to safety.” Ian scanned the area with a distant look in his eyes before they focused to mine again. “Look, we are in a very dangerous spot, trust me I know…and Gabe would want you to be safe.”His words shot through me as I thought of Gabe.
I looked down at my blood stained cloth that was securely wrapped.My stomached tightened the more I thought of Gabe and the rest of the Blackbirds.I could only hope and wonder if they were alive or not.Suddenly, Caleb’s arm was around me and I looked at him with squinted eyes.
“Don’t worry. I don’t bite…of course only if you want me to.”His words were playful and made me sick.
“Caleb, let’s go.”Ian barked dismissing Caleb’s comment.

Caleb was stronger than he looked and moved through the underbrush like he had carried many girls this way.I finally got tired of the low limbs scratching across my cheeks, and rested my face onto his back.I could feel his muscles flex as he stepped over fallen logs and ducked under low hanging tree limbs.
“You’re not falling in love with me are you? Because if you are, I’m afraid I will have to break your heart one day.There are many others who are in line behind you.”Caleb’s playfully jabbing voice irritated me.
“Quiet Caleb, and tell me if we’re going in the right direction.”Ian more or less spoke my thoughts.
“You have a memory like an elephant and unfortunately the footsteps like one too.”Caleb stopped, lifted me up because I had started to slip from his hold, and with a sudden jolt caused my head to smack into a very hard tree limb.
I let out a yowl and he dropped me to the ground as I held my bleeding forehead.His emerald eyes met mine as he bent down.
“Are you alright princess?’ he asked with concern.
I rubbed my forehead and glared at him.
“I’m fine, but you’re not going to carry me anymore.”I stood up pushing away the assistance of his hand and felt the goose egg sized bump forming above my left eye.
He shrugged his shoulders.“Most girls like it when I carry them, but I’m not usually carrying them through a tangled jungle.”
I gave a huff.“I’m not most girls,” I said through slightly clenched teeth.
Caleb looked at me like he was reevaluating me and then gave a smug expression.
“Of course,” Caleb said quickly brushing me off as he turned to Ian and I let out a huff that I know he heard. “We need to head towards the pillars.We are starting to head more towards the dunes.”
Ian followed Caleb’s pointing finger when from out of nowhere a large, fur covered animal pounced in front of us.Caleb quickly pushed in front of me causing me to loose balance and fall to the forest floor.I couldn’t keep my eyes off the creature.Ian stood beside Caleb and drew out a long, black dagger.He held it to his side glaring at the dog-like creature with glowing amber colored eyes and sharp, pointed teeth.
They stared at each other for a few tense moments.A rumble vibrated in the creature’s throat as it continued to glare as us.Caleb shifted his weight, glared at the creature and waited for it to make the first move.I could see through Ian’s and Caleb’s legs the creature hunch over, drop his head, and in the matter of seconds transform into a boy no older than Ian and Caleb.
He lifted his head, looked at me with his now tawny eyes while supporting his weight on one bent knee, like he was almost bowing to us. His black shirt and pants covered nearly all of his body in a thick, flexible shield that also hid his strength.His short, spiky, variegated, brown hair framed his porcelain-like skin, so smooth that it looked like it had been carved from stone.He then looked up at Ian and Caleb, sprung to his feet and stood in front of them.
“You’re trespassing Outlanders.”His voice had an authority to it as well as an underlining softness. 
“We got lost, and we are not causing any harm.We will be on our way,” Caleb said as he started to step away from the boy.
Ian reached for my arm and grabbed it tightly as he stood in front of me. 
“I could smell her blood for miles.”He pointed at me.“She is different from you.”His voice was inquisitive.
His thin lips curled upward into almost a snarl and his disturbingly enchanting, golden flecked eyes peered at me.
“Well, that’s true…she is different…because she is what you call a girl.”Caleb leaned forward with wide eyes and tilted his head to the side.
The creature held my gaze and his eyes shifted warily to me.The gold flecks in his irises flickered like flames. I could only peer at the human-like creature.His spiked, brown hair mimicked the fur that covered his whole body just moments ago.At the same time I feared him, I felt drawn to him in some terrified awe.
“No,” his voice turned inquisitive.“She is more than just…a girl.”His white hand grabbed my injured arm as he pushed Ian out of the way.
I flinched upon his touch that was delicate, but strong like a magnet to metal.He looked at me and then my arm before letting it go as if he didn’t want to hang on to it for too long.Ian stepped in front of me again.
“Something reeks in her blood.She is not one of you.”He protested.
“Maybe it’s her perfume…maybe your dog senses are picking up on that.It’s easily mistaken, practically happens all the time,” Caleb said.“Now, if you will excuse me, we Outlanders must be going.” 
“You Outlanders aren’t going anywhere.”The boy bent down, glared at me with his topaz eyes and just as quickly he had changed to a human form, he changed into beast form.
Caleb slashed at the beast with his dagger slicing him across the shoulder blades.He then twirled around the beast almost like he was dancing with him. Caleb’s movements were fluid and his eyes were focused on the beast.The creature hardly flinched at the gash that was expelling black blood.
“Run Emily!” Ian yelled. He charged at the beast only to be swatted like a fly by the creature’s massive paw and knocked to the ground.
 Like with Gabe when we were attacked by the Alfheim during the tornado that destroyed my life in St. F, I didn’t listen.
The beast held Ian down with one massive claw as Caleb lunged for him. He swung at Caleb with the other sending him through the air to land in a curtain of thorns.His dagger flung through the air and landed in front of me.Without thinking, I picked it up.Everything was happening like flashes of lightening and at the same time in slow motion giving me time to think.Caleb was sprawled out like a scarecrow, as Ian yelled at me over and over to run.I didn’t, and then the beast’s eyes met mine for only a second.He hit Ian on the side of his head rendering him unconscious, and then he looked at me with glowing eyes.I stood frozen as the beast lunged for me.
Instinctively, and as if the dagger had a mind of its own, I slashed the beast across the chest.He yelped, as though he wasn’t expecting me to fight back, and backed off slightly letting his gazed entangle with mine.Confused, I stared waiting for the beast to come at me again.I held the dagger defensively in front of me and waited for him to pounce. He didn’t, but I knew he could have.He turned and let the darkness of the forest swallow him whole.
Everything fell into a dead silence as I stood with aching arm, Ian unconscious on the ground and Caleb tangled in twisted vines that seemed to curl around him slowly.I tried to move my legs, but they were frozen to the ground as if becoming part of the forest.

It took me several moments to realize I was lying on my back and looking up at what looked like several twigs interlaced into tight irregular patterns.
“It’s about time.”Caleb looked down at me.“There is nothing the matter with you now and I think you have slept plenty.”
Slowly, I propped myself up and glared at him.Caleb smiled as he leaned closer to me.
“Where’s Ian?”I asked trying to gather my thoughts together that felt more like a puzzle with missing pieces.
“He’s fine and waiting for you…we all are.”His voice trailed off.
I glared at him and he looked as though he was caught off guard.I was getting tired of Caleb’s attitude and comments.
“Well I’m so sorry I nearly got diced into little pieces by that…whatever it was in the forest,” I scoffed.“So, I won’t be destroying the Wall anytime soon for you.”
“You weren’t the only one in danger and by the way, it was a Ranger that we ran into.”His vivid green eyes pierced me.“He wasn’t very nice was he?That is what has become of Eutopia…”
“Caleb,” Ian’s voice broke in followed by his quick footsteps.“Is she up?”
I sat up and pulled the thick blanket around me as our eyes met.His pale face had fading bruises and cuts framed in his dark hair.I looked into his eyes and started to say something when I noticed an apprehension of disbelief that quickly faded upon seeing me.
“Good, you’re alright.I thought you were going to die,” he said with relief as my eyes darted back to Caleb who only shrugged his shoulders.
“She’s the princess. She isn’t supposed to die…at least not yet.”Caleb’s words were teasing.
I only rubbed my head and wished they both would leave.
“Where are we anyhow and how are we going to get back to Atlantis?”I asked as they both looked at me.
“Missing your sweetheart already?”Caleb asked in a baby-like tone.
“Can’t you be serious?”I yelled.
Caleb stiffened slightly and then leaned closer to me. He looked at me as if summing me up and then met my irritated glare that put a smirk on his face.He sat back in the chair and folded his arms. 
“I am always serious, and I think it’s time for you to see the lost side of your life, princess.”
.






Chapter Two
I got dressed into a pair of tight fitting pants that were soft, almost like corduroy, and very comfortable as well as warm.The air here had taken a sudden chill compared to Atlantis.Many thoughts flowed through my head like an out of control watering hose with a nozzle that won’t shut off. The hole in my stomach grew bigger each time I thought of the rest of the Blackbirds, especially Gabe.I felt like crying, but where would that get me?I had to find a way back to them.
The structure we were in was circular and made of tightly mortared together smooth logs with an intricate lacing of twigs overhead.The floor was assembled with grey, jagged pieces of very smooth stones that were ice cold on my bare feet.I put on a long creamy white sweater with a very loose turtle neck that was large enough to wear as a hood.I bunched it down and put on a pair of brown leather boots that went past my knees and nearly covered the light grey pants.The clothes I have to say, were very comfortable.
I opened the door to a warm fire that blazed in a blue light.I looked at it taken by surprise of its cool color and then looked at Caleb who only smirked back at me.I nearly forgot the questioned that burned more like red fire in my head.
“Tell me about my mother right now, and how we can get back to Atlantis,” I said still holding the bedroom door open.
“What, not so much as a thank you for healing your arm.I had to go into the forest a long way to find just the right plant too. I am so great at my doctoring skills that it didn’t even leave a scar.”Caleb’s voice still had that teasingly tone to it, but something in his wild green eyes appeared hurt.
I gazed at him for a moment with open mouth.I knew I haven’t been acting like I was grateful, even though I was.As much as Caleb irritated me, I felt I should combine a thank you and an apology together.
“I…uh…I’m sorry…thanks… thank you.”I struggled to reply and looked at my arm that had no more of a faded red streak as a reminder.
I looked back up at him as he looked down at the fire.I could see his lips curl upward in a hidden smile.
“Don’t sound like a hero, you had dried Larkspur here.”Ian looked at Caleb with a book in his hand.
I looked back at Caleb and crossed my arms.
“I did have to go and get water though.”Caleb tried to add to his hero resume.
Ian only rolled his eyes as Caleb’s eyes met mine again.
I was glad Caleb helped me, even though he was irritating, I did want to show my appreciation.
“Well even if you didn’t have to go far, thanks,” I said with a sincere tone and a small smile.I was thankful for what Caleb had done.
“You’re welcome princess.”His voice for that moment was as sincere as mine, losing all trace of teasing.It was like I was peering into the real Caleb.I let my gaze entangle with his even though it was uncomfortable, it was dangerously enchanting to get lost into his green eyes.
“Emily, do you want to know about your mother?”Ian’s voice seemed to come out of nowhere.
“Can’t you see she was staring into my eyes?”Caleb said returning to his irritating boyish self.
I shook my head releasing Caleb’s embarrassing hold on me. “My mother-- yes, tell me.”I ignored Caleb and sat next to Ian on a long, wooden bench next to the odd, but very warm blue fire.
“Caleb your mother kept a really good collection of family history.”Ian looked at Caleb who only shrugged his shoulders.
“It was certainly her passion,” he said getting up and going over to the window.
I looked at him as Ian flipped through a few pages and then her image caught my eye.
“Wait, that’s her,” I said motioning with my hand for Ian to flip a page back.
I stared down at the picture of her that looked hauntingly life-like as if she was shrunk down and seated for a portrait and told not to move.The color of her skin pulsated with color and the definition of each strand of her long blonde hair seemed so real.I couldn’t help but to run my hand over it hoping to catch the softness of it only made the picture ripple.
“…like you could almost touch her.”Caleb’s words were haunting and I looked up at him.He wasn’t just looking at my mother; his eyes were somewhere else, straining to see a portrait that wasn’t there.
“Take that picture because they are rare and never lose it.”Caleb suddenly took the book from Ian and tenderly pulled the page from the book.“My mother made them for the people she cared about and it is a gift so you can always remember her as if she never died.”
He handed me the picture.I was almost afraid to let it rest in my hands and when it did I felt a tiny spark that made me jump.
“How did she die?My father told me she was in a car accident…there were newspaper clippings--”
Caleb took a deep breath.“Well, I’m really not sure.I do know she had the amulet when my mother lost contact with her.Your mother was resourceful and worked alone.My mother said she refused to let anyone travel with her.”
I continued to look at the picture almost waiting for her to speak to me.
“There is a piece of her in there that will always be with you.That is what my mother told me to say to you the day you arrived.”Caleb sat down and stared into the blue flames.
I took in a breath to ask him a question, but withdrew it as his gaze became lost in some distant memory that I didn’t want to disturb.
I looked at Ian who waited holding the book on his lap.“Go on Ian, let’s find out about my mother.” 
“There is only a little bit.She was a lesser princess of Eutopia.She was born within the Wall and trained as…an Unseen.”Ian looked over at me with a half sympathetic and shocked expression.“Her name was Isadrel.”
I looked into the blue flames that flickered like water in sunlight that didn’t make the normal crackling sounds of the orange flamed fire I was used to.
“My dad said her name was Wendy and she was from Kansas.”I remembered my dad talking about her only when I asked, and even then, his answers were short and if pressed too much angered him.
“She must have made up a name sometime when she escaped.”Ian shut the book.“That’s it, there isn’t anything else written.”
Caleb shook his head.“And there won’t be.The best stuff, the true stuff my mother passed down verbally and fortunate for you, I’m the one she told.Like I said when I pulled you from the water, your coming has been destined and planned, manipulated if you want to call it that.”Caleb sat on his knees in front of me and took my arm that barely had a pink streak down it.“Some things are destined either planed by another’s doing or by the nature of fate itself.You have been given an opportunity Emily Moore and I would listen to it.”
“Didn’t you hear, or maybe you knew.”Ian leaned forward.“Her mother was an Unseen.”
Caleb pushed my arm away and looked at Ian with his flickering green eyes.
“I know and what do you think that makes Emily…one of them as well?”
I shook my head.“You guys are saying everything to me in pieces.What is an Unseen and why was my mother one of them?”
Ian pulled his eyes from Caleb who got up and shuffled through some books that lined the wall opposite of the fireplace.
“An Unseen is someone who does the dirty work of the Official.Kind of like…gets rid of unwanted persons or things that are undesirable after the Wall has expanded.They are a secret society and no one knows or cares who they are, except for Caleb here evidentially.”
“My mother had many secrets,” Caleb said in a defensive voice.“She held her secrets with great respect and like I said, the best ones are kept right here.”He smiled pointing at his head.
“So what are you guys saying…my mother was a murderer?”The word tinged my tongue with bitterness as I thought of the picture I once had of her.Her long, blonde hair blew in a wild breeze and she was smiling as she stood beside my dad.She was pretty and innocent looking, how could she be what they say?
Both of them looked at me at the same time and it was Caleb who smiled playfully at me.
“No, not a blood thirsty murderer who randomly kills things, she was a protector of Eutopia.Well, at least anything that threatened the Wall.”Caleb looked down at me with crossed arms.
“You mean like an assassin?”My voice was low.
Caleb looked away cocked his head from side to side as if contemplating my question.“Yeah, sort of, but with a respect and a desire to keep the untouched city in its newly pristine condition.” He drew in a deep breath.“If you want to sugar coat it, Isadrel was a grounds keeper.”
I took my eyes off of Caleb and before I could ask my next question, Caleb was in front of me holding both my hands.
“You are a princess and an important one.My mother said Isadrel loathed being an Unseen.It became too much for her one day and that is when she found my mother.”Caleb searched my eyes as I soaked in what he was saying.“Too long our world has lived in separation, and it was your mother that tried to shift things in a new direction, but soon the hunter became the hunted.She had secret alliances and when she was pregnant with you, she put her desires for Eutopia away so you would be safe.She slipped through a portal and into the infant planet of Earth.She told my mother she wanted to come back, but she couldn’t.She did though make one thing certain, her child would come back and finish what she started.The amulet…”Caleb looked at Ian with his arm extended and palm up.“…the amulet Ian.”
Ian pulled from his pocket the silver pendant that was so small and right now, so important.
“This is your key that Isadrel hoped would find you one day.It wasn’t an accident that it came to you, but planned not only by your mother, but mine as well.If it was ever to be separated from Isadrel, it would find its way to you.”Caleb’s eyes softened.“It is yours Emily Moore, you hold the fate of many worlds.”
I felt myself stop breathing.How did a small town, Midwest girl fall into such a thing?I held the pendant in my palm and closed my eyes.I could feel it vibrate, trying to reach out to me, but I pushed it away.
“It was made by Ian’s father in secret.He was always tinkering with portals and magic and by the time he fashioned the amulet, he owed a lot to many that he couldn’t pay back.”
“Who did he owe money to?”I asked.
“We never found out, but…”Caleb started to answer.
“It was a man in a long black coat and voice so smooth sounding it could polish the roughest stone,” Ian suddenly said.“I hid in my father’s workshop a lot when I was growing up—in a closet and watched the man come and go several times.I never saw his face, never heard my father call him by name.He did though walk with a limp…it was his right leg.No one was supposed to be in my father’s workshop, but I always managed to follow him and watch him play with magic.”His words seemed distant as he looked away.
“My father used to pay the man for the materials up front until one day he demanded more money that my father couldn’t pay.They argued as I hunched in the shadows of the closet.I thought they could hear my heart race and I feared I was going to be found.Then they stopped arguing.”Ian closed his eyes tightly.“I can still hear, see and feel the man- in- black’s footsteps as he walked over to my dad and then…I saw something no child should ever see.”Ian gazed at me with his distant eyes; his voice was calm like he was reading from a book.“The blood even seeped under the closet door…so close I could touch it.”
Ian’s eyes were steady on me, like he wanted me to share his grief.I wanted to run as I could feel Ian’s fear soak into me like a damp chill of winter.But, at the same time I wanted to know more.I could see Ian’s story unfold in my head and didn’t resist it. I could see it clearly, the image of Ian hunched over his father as he lay dying, weeping.
“The man left and I didn’t know what to do.My father wasn’t dead yet and when I told him I could help him, he told me to go because they would find me.He instructed me to go through the portal. He said it led to a secret world. His last words to me were to trust him…everything would be alright and then I left and found myself in Atlantis.”
Ian sat back in the chair.His face had gone pale from each memory he had told us.I looked at Caleb for help in trying to comfort Ian.
“My mother found him when he didn’t come when he said he was.She, um,” Caleb looked away for a moment and fidgeted with his hands, “my mother gave him a decent funeral.The fire burned for two days…the bluest flames I had ever seen.”
Ian sat with his eyes closed.
“I wished I could have gone with you,” Caleb said looking directly at Ian who slightly smiled.
“The girls there are a little different than in Eutopia—you have better stick with the girls here.”Ian smiled and sat up as color returned to his face.
“But Ian,” I started to say, “I’m sorry…that was a terrible thing to happen.”I looked at Ian.He slightly smiled at my concern.
“Yes, it was, but it is in the past and I did what my father wanted me to do.”His words and voice were cut of any emotion, just like someone reading from a book.And just like someone putting that book back onto a shelf, Ian tried to put his emotions in the farthest corner where no one would see them.This, I could feel and didn’t stop him because the pain was too raw like a reopened wound.
Suddenly, the sound of feet scampering outside surrounded us.Caleb jumped up and looked at the door as Ian stood close to me.
“I thought you said this was a safe place,” Ian said with eyes darting to Caleb.
“There is no safe place only less dangerous ones.”Caleb’s voice held no fear, only a tiredness that had drained him.
Ian pulled a silver dagger from his belt that looked like the same one Gabe had in his truck when we were stopped by the two Alfheim outside of St. F.
 Ian pushed me behind him and I quickly put the amulet around my neck and under my shirt.It was my key to get us back Atlantis.
Caleb reached for something on the ground next to the door.It was a long, slender bow with a thin, silver, string that shined brightly in the cool light from the blue fire.
The footsteps outside stopped and a looming uncertainty wrapped around me.What if it was the wolf-like creature that attacked us earlier?My finding out would be quickly known when a polite sounding knock broke the tense silence.
Ian looked at Caleb with doubt.
“What do they do, ask you to invite them in before they tear us to pieces?” he asked. Caleb didn’t answer and looked at me motioning with his head to move further back into the room.
“More than likely they have us surrounded,” Caleb shot a glance back to me then to Ian.“Take Emily, you know where to go.”
 Caleb open the door as Ian pulled me back into the shadows and closer to the blue fire.I looked over his shoulder curious to see who patiently waited rather than just knock it down to get at us.
“Ah, the Ranger from the woods and even in Eutopian form,” Caleb’s voice sneered in a fake joyous tone, “how nice.”
“I’m not here on Ranger business.I am here to strike a bargain with you.”His voice was soft that rung with authority as well as respect for Caleb.
I continued to look over Ian’s shoulder staring at the boy who mesmerized me in the woods.He looked steadily at Caleb as the movement of more footsteps came closer to the open door.
“What did you do, bring the whole clan of you?”Caleb’s voice sounded arrogant.
“If I wanted you, all I have to do is give the word and by morning we’ll pick our teeth with your bones.”His thin lips curled into a slight smile as he crossed his arms.“We come seeking an alliance.”
“We don’t want an alliance.We wish to work by ourselves…you know three is company here and any more would just be too much and you probably shed.That would ruin my lovely home here.”Caleb’s voice teased daringly. 
I leaned out from behind Ian a little more.The boy’s topaz eyes darted to me and even though they had an animalistic warning to them, I was not scared.His short, spiky hair looked razor sharp in its multitude of many shades of brown.I am slightly cautious of him, but at the same time curious as I didn’t back down from his cold stare. 
“What do you mean you want an alliance, and why with us?”I asked not really knowing I did until Ian pulled me back and glared.
Ian scolded me with his eyes as Caleb only looked back at me.The boy’s eyes were cemented on me and he shifted his weight as if trying to restrain himself from taking action.
“Like I said, we come seeking an alliance.We are subject to the Wall as much as you are and it is worse for us.We are forced guardians of it.”The boy’s words were even toned and despite his appearance, gentleness seemed to radiate from him.“We have been planning this for a long time.The Eutopians are going to be expanding their Wall and many will die in the extermination.My kind is not protected and will die alongside your kind.” 
His words seemed to split the cool air.Caleb continued to stare at him, looking him up and down, evaluating him.Ian stepped again in front of me blocking my view of the boy.
“That’s not my problem that you promote something that will be your own demise as well.”Caleb crossed his arms.
“They will want her,” the boy said implying me.“I know who she is and who she belongs to.I couldn’t place it right away, but the smell of her blood was familiar…she belongs to Isadrel mostly and to another…”
“Alright, you’ve got our attention.”Caleb interrupted just as I pushed from behind Ian and stepped in front of the boy.
I met his golden eyes that stared at me, watching my every move.He knew more about me than I did myself.
“You knew her too?”I asked.
He nodded slightly.“I knew Isadrel for only a short time.I was young, but remember her presence.She organized our clan, told us about the Wall and its weaknesses.Soon the Eutopians will have all the land and we will be exterminated.Their perfect land will be erased of all of us.”The boy extended his gaze to Caleb.
“So you’re asking us to join against an enemy that is common to us and put all disputes aside?”Caleb asked with crossed arms.
“Yes, otherwise we all fall,” he replied.
I could see movements in the blackness behind him swirling shadows and quick flickers of golden eyes catching the light and reflecting it like a cat’s would.
Ian stepped forward and tried to shove me behind him again.
“How do we know we can trust you?You hate Outlanders and we hate Rangers.How do we even manage to organize ourselves without a fight?”Ian’s voice caught everyone’s attention.
“We’ll have to learn to trust each other, it is the only way.”The boy stepped back as the scampering of feet running into the forest echoed behind him with howls.“Time is short, I will give you until later tonight to decide.”
He kept his gaze on Caleb and bent down starting to change into wolf form when I stepped forward.
“Wait!”I yelled catching him with protruding ears and an elongated mouth.
I stood there in awe for a moment at his frozen state of transformation.“What…what is your name?”I asked meekly as he tilted his head to the side and his topaz eyes filled with curiosity.
A whisper so delicate I could barely hear it, but he made sure I did as I stared at him.And even in his own voice he told me his name, it was Quil.
“Emily.”Ian jerked me backwards just as Quil jolted into the darkness.
“Are you crazy!?”Ian stood in front of me.“That is a Ranger and you’re asking him his name?He could have hurt you.”Ian looked at me with angered eyes mixed with fear.
“And after that risk, we don’t even know his name, shame.”Caleb teased that only irritated Ian.
But I did know his name and looked at Ian and Caleb who yelled back and forth at each other.
“I do know his name,” I said more to myself than them.“I heard him say his name.”
The arguing stopped; both Ian and Caleb looked at me.I held my breath.I looked between both of their mortified expressions that changed into curious ones.
“What?He told you his name…and without even agreeing to an alliance, not that he would say even if we did.”Caleb shrugged his shoulders.
Ian didn’t reply only stepped forward.“I heard it too.”His voice was thin.
“What, how did I get left out?”Caleb tried to be amusing.“We should probably be moving, they’ll be back and I don’t want to know the rest of their names.”
Ian and I didn’t pay attention, only stared at each other in amazement.
“His name is Quil and he only meant for you to hear it,” Ian said still ignoring Caleb.
“But why did you hear it too?”I asked.
“Alright, stop.”Caleb stood beside us.“This isn’t how I wanted to explain things and really, I didn’t want to explain things at all.It wasn’t supposed to come to this.The amulet was to get you here and set in motion what your mother started and then bam, I was to send you back to Earth or, well I guess Atlantis now.Your mother didn’t plan that one.”Caleb sounded almost put out as he sighed and raised his eyebrows.
“Caleb what are you saying?”Ian’s eyes darted to Caleb.“What are you leaving out?What are you hiding from me?”
“I shouldn’t have said anything and I will explain later.We need to be going; I will tell you everything when we get to a safe place.”
“There is no safe place, remember?Tell me now, Caleb.”Ian’s voice pleaded in a demanding way.
Caleb drew in a breath and let it out slowly as he sat down by the fire.
“Let’s eat.I like to tell things of such sensitivity over comfort food.And we will need a lot of comfort food.”Caleb widened his eyes and ran his hand over his stomach.

Ian cut up potatoes glaring at Caleb who hummed while stirring a stew over the blue fire.I looked at the flickering blue flames that looked as cold as ice.
“Why is it that way?”I asked pointing to the flames.
Caleb looked at the fire then back at me.“Why what is like what?You mean the fire?”I nodded and he smiled.
“If I tell you, will you forget about what I have agreed to explain to you and Ian?”He didn’t look at me only smiled into the hearty smelling stew.
“It is a Dragon’s fire that you have maintained by keeping it in a rock form, kind of like flint.”Ian blurted out and walked over to dump the cubed potatoes into the stew.“And yes Caleb, you will still tell us what you know.”His voice was direct and calm as he smiled quickly at Caleb.
“You take all the magic out of my story.”Caleb stirred the potatoes into the brown broth.
“I just cut to the facts, and besides, you probably would have dragged it out.”Ian sat beside him warming his hands by the fire.
Caleb shrugged.“I would have added the flavor to it and yes, drag it out until the princess here fell asleep.”
“I don’t fall asleep easily.”I retorted with a smile.
“That is something your get from your father, Morwen Wilt.”Caleb began to hum again not looking at either one of us.
“What?”Ian barely whispered.
“I suppose it was to come out sooner or later, I just hate to be the one to have to do it.”Caleb let out a long breath.“And just in time, as we all need comfort now, the stew is about done.”
“Morwen Wilt… who is that?”I asked looking at white faced Ian who got up and walked over to the window.
Caleb continued to hum scooping out a bowl of stew and handed it to me and then one for himself as the pending silence filled with the welcoming aroma of all the colorful vegetables.
“Well, who is it?Someone from Eutopia…”I tried to get one of them to answer me.
Ian turned with a blank expression and looked at me with his blue eyes.“Morwen Wilt was my father.”






Chapter Three
“That means…”My voice fell and I stared into Ian’s icy blue eyes.
“That means you and Ian here are brother and sister.”Caleb simply stated taking a bite of stew.“Oh, the stew is still too hot.”He then blew on his spoonful of potatoes.
“Well I must say-- I am glad that one is out.”Caleb continued to try to sound not bothered.
“Why did you keep it a secret?’Ian asked still standing by the window.
“--Because it was a secret—you’re not full brother and sister, you are only half.Emily’s mother and your father had an affair.”Caleb looked at both of us.“My mother caught them involved in a relationship and helped your mother escape.They met at first just for business.Morwen made portals and Isadrel was in need of one.Eutopia was beginning to expand their Wall again jeopardizing the few left after it was put up.Isadrel was born within the Wall, but something was different about her as she had ties to the Outlanders-that’s us.”Caleb pointed to himself and Ian.“Since of her impurities, she was a lesser princess and trained as an Unseen.It was a respected position for someone of her heritage.She faced death daily keeping any lesser beings out, and the highest position for Isadrel, though her heart was not into it.She wanted to see the Wall come down as much as any of us.She saw both worlds and knew others existed as Eutopia is an old civilized planet, but were selective as to who they acknowledged. Basically, they wanted magic and implements associated with magic and ultimately to get rid of us.”Caleb pointed at himself and Ian again.“Eutopia wants a perfect world in their standards and we are not it.Now, it’s only a matter of time.”
Silence surrounded us and I wished the fire would crackle to break the awkward quietness.
“Why?”Ian simply stated as he looked over at Caleb.
“Why what?” he asked.
“You had opportunities to tell me and you never did.I never knew…never suspected…”
“Of course not and I didn’t know until later.My mother passed a year ago and she left me with her knowledge.That secret she didn’t reveal until she spoke her last words.”He looked over at Ian.“She too was a last of her kind.”Caleb’s words drifted into the darkness falling around us.“At least she wasn’t taken by the Eutopians...killed out of their cleansing of the planet.”
Ian suddenly went to the door.
“Where are you going?’Caleb asked with concern.
“I have a headache,” he said with the door closing behind him.
 I looked at the door for a moment then walked over to it.I numbly touched the knob and hesitated.Even though what I thought and felt were like scattering leaves in a violent wind, I wanted to follow Ian, but wasn’t sure.
“Do you have a headache too?”Caleb asked as I paused with my hand on the knob.
“Yes.”I looked back at Caleb who smiled.
Ian stood only a few feet from the door with his arms crossed over his chest tightly.I hesitated, not knowing what say to my newly found half-brother.My mind was in a whirlwind and I can only guess that his was too.I remembered my lonely existence in St. F.Now, that life seemed a million miles away that was destroyed by a deadly tornado ending my life there and starting a new one in Atlantis.It’s also something I can never go back to.
 I walked up to Ian not sure what to say and stood quietly beside him.I crossed my arms over my chest as well and peered into the blackness trying to find comfort, trying to find answers and trying to say something to Ian about how I longed for a family.
“I knew there was something about you the first time I saw you on the plane,” he said suddenly into the darkness not looking at me.I remembered the bumpy plane ride that led me to Atlantis and whole new life.“--A connection that I couldn’t grasp onto…when I got your message that you were on David’s ship that was when I was positive a connection laid between you and me.”
Ian turned and faced me.I looked up at him. I couldn’t see his blue eyes or his dark hair.Everything was surrounded in darkness.Only his shadowed silhouette stood before me.But, I didn’t need to see him to know that he didn’t look anything like me.My blonde hair was like day to his black hair that reminded me of a cold winter’s night sky.
“The message I sent, you were the one who heard it, and not Karinna?”I asked. remembering the distress call I tried to send when David kidnapped me along with the amulet that had a message only I could understand.
He shook his head.“It certainly caught me off guard.I didn’t think I would ever have Receptor capabilities.”
“Do any of the other Blackbirds know about it?”
“By the time it happened, we found the note Alicia had left and in the quickness of everything, I never told anyone and hoped you didn’t send another one,” his voice raised a little, “they kind of hurt.”
I couldn’t help but to chuckle a little and I think through the darkness, Ian smiled as well.
“Well, I guess you owe me one in return.”I tried to add a little humor to our sudden situation when from the darkness a creature stood in front of us.It was Quil in Ranger form.
Ian tried to push me out of the way, but Quil with one arm shoved Ian to the ground and grabbed me with the other.I didn’t have the strength to pull away and was quickly clenched in his grasp.My torso was squeezed tightly that I couldn’t even call Ian’s name.
Branches scratched against me and pulled at my hair as Quil glided over the forest floor like water through a stream.His movements were fluid and graceful using the terrain to propel himself faster.We dodged low branches and jolted off boulders.Everything moved quickly to the point I could hardly keep up with his movements and just closed my eyes until we stopped.
Quil threw me to the ground and pinned down my outstretched arms with his giant paws that had thick pads on them as well as retracted sharp claws.His eyes burned of topaz and he glared at me with what I thought looked like curiosity.He was breathing hard and his hot breath blew across my face as his lean, strong body hovered over me.His strength was dangerously intimidating; he could rip me in half if he wanted to, but something barely flickered in his eyes made me feel different.
“You are Isadrel’s daughter and that of a portal maker.”His voice was as rough as sandpaper.
“Does that mean you won’t eat me?”I asked feeling a little gutsy and for some involuntary reason challenging his curiosity.
Quil tilted his head to the side as if contemplating my question.“No, I don’t eat your kind, but I don’t mind killing them.”His words flared like a sudden burst of flames.
I didn’t reply, only wished I didn’t suggest the eating me question.I began to tremble slightly trying to think of a way out of this.
“You can’t judge me by what my kind has done.How do you know I am like them?”I asked in as smooth a voice as I could.
“I am not the judge.”He pushed off of me and quickly turned into his human-like form.
Quil knelt to the ground on one knee almost like he was bowing to me with his eyes closed and his face twisted with pain.Slowly he opened his eyes and stood up.
He walked towards me allowing his stare to harden andhis questioning gold eyes examined mine.
“You inherit the qualities of an Unseen, I can see that.”He looked down at me as I sat on the ground.“Our settlement isn’t far from here.”
Quil walked closer to the forests edge as I sat in the small meadow-like clearing looking at him.I could have run, but he would have caught me.He had a faint gentleness to him that I could see in his expression illuminated by the dim moonlight. 
Without a word, he turned letting his eyes rest on me as he hung in the shadows of the tall trees and waited patiently.Curiosity controlled me, Quil knew of my mother, my heritage and possibly a way out of here.I didn’t feel like he was going to hurt me or he would have done it by now.Slowly, I walked over swallowed too by the shadowed forest.

The settlement was exactly as I thought it would look like.Several tents that resembled teepees sat in neatly organized rows.Only instead of animal skins, the round structures were dome-like and made out of light, greyish, silver-like material.They reminded me of dew drops scattered throughout the blades of grass waiting to evaporate when the sun came up.Smoke loomed in the cool air from a small fire that burned of the familiar red-orange flame and crackled slightly spewing embers into the air like fireflies and died quickly.A woman was at the fire poking it with a stick.Her gold eyes looked up at us.She looked at Quil first then at me.Her hair was pulled back and appeared to be dark.Her clothes nearly blended with the blackness that surrounded her.She casually glanced at me unconcerned of my presence. 
“It’s about time, Quil,” she said in a put out tone, “I thought you were going to be back an hour ago.”
“I had to take a detour…guards.”He looked at the girl steadily.
“Figures,” she shrugged her shoulders and continued to mess with the fire, “does she know what she is here for?”She asked as if I wasn’t there.
Quil looked at me and then back at her.“No.”
The girl let out a sigh and raised her eyebrows evidentially not happy with Quil’s job.
“What do you want with me?”I finally asked as the girl’s eyes darted to me.I stepped back slightly as it looked like she was going to pounce on me.
“Finish what your mother started,” she spat out.
“But I don’t know what that is.”I tried to be reasonable and was becoming aggravated at her attitude.“Look, I’m new here and I never knew this place existed and let alone who my mother was.”My words echoed through the forest.
The girl looked at me without emotion, like she was studying me.I found it unnerving and wanted to get away from her irritating gaze. 
“I know you didn’t know your mother, knew Eutopia existed or even fathomed any of this, but that doesn’t matter.You, Emily Moore have a destiny to complete and that destiny you will fulfill.”She stood up and stepped towards me.
She was nearly as tall as Quil with the same taunting gold eyes that were so beautiful as well as disturbing.
“You have no excuses here, and you will listen to us as so much hangs in the balance.”Her words softened slightly as her lips curled into a small smile that quickly faded.
“Take her to my boda and for now make sure she doesn’t leave,” she said to Quil and then sat back down by the fire.
Quil grabbed me by the arm and shoved me into one of the tents several feet away from the fire.Inside wasn’t dark, but illuminated by what little moonlight there was.The outer wall was lined with pillows and the floor was made out of a woven grass like material.
“What are you going to do with me?”I asked as he pulled me to the ground and tied me to the silver pole in the center of the room.
“Isn’t that clear?”Quil asked behind me with his hot breath brushing past my ear.
“No, it isn’t.”I retorted.“I think you, or actually both of you, are being unreasonable.”
“We are not unreasonable.You just haven’t given us a chance.”Quil stood up and left before I could say anything to his face.
Everything was silent and I thought of Ian.He was my brother, or actually half-brother.I felt like a dump truck loaded with tons of rocks had just dumped every rock on me, down to the last tiny pebble.But I couldn’t think of that right now, I had to get back to Caleb and Ian.I would send Ian a message and hoped he got it.
I closed my eyes and cleared my thoughts.I fixed my concentration on Ian and told him in simple sentences that I was with Quil and was alright, and to come…my message was severed by something unexpected.My eyes popped open to meet the girl’s glowing topaz eyes.
“No messages,” she said in a cool tone.“They will be here soon enough.”
She left as I leaned my head back and it began to throb.I quickly closed my eyes and tried to think of a way out of here.

Bright light flickered behind my closed eyelids.I didn’t want to open them, I wanted to stay in the dark, empty place I was and never know another thing again.I opened them anyway to see the dark haired girl kneeling on the floor preparing something with several dishes in front of her.She didn’t pay attention to me at first as I watched her.
She then looked at me and held a small wooden cup close to my mouth that had a yellowish, earthy smelling liquid in it.
“Drink it.”She commanded.
“What is it?’I asked as a shooting pain rocketed through my head.
I closed my eyes tightly and wished it away, but it only increased with sharpness.
“You try too hard to send messages and you are bleeding, drink!”She yelled tilting my head back and pressing the cup to my mouth.
The warm liquid ran down my throat so quickly that I didn’t even taste it.With my hands still tied I looked at her.
“It is your fault, so don’t look at me that way.”Her voice had a slight amusement in it.
“You are the one who kidnapped me and tied me up not explaining why you are doing any of this except it is my destiny.”I looked into her steady eyes that always seemed to penetrate into me with curiosity.
“There were guards around the Searhess’s son’s house last night.I sent two more Rangers to bring them here.All I can say is that I hope we arrived in time.”Her words were soft and foreboding.
 I looked at her without a reply as she peered down at me before she left.I wanted to send another message to Ian, but I didn’t want my head to explode in the process.So I leaned my head back against the pole and did the only thing I could think of- hope Ian and Caleb were alright.

Distant laughter brought me to my senses and I opened my eyes quickly trying to remember where I was at when I saw Quil’s anxious eyes gazing at me.He sat in front of me with a knife in his hand.
“What are you doing?’I asked as he looked at the knife then me.
Without answering he quickly cut lose the twine that wrapped around my wrists and then looked into my eyes as I rubbed the circulation back into my hands.
“Your kind is here,” he said in a clam voice.
“Ian and Caleb, where are they?”I jumped up and wobbled toward the side of the tent and searched for the flap.
“Here,” Quil moved me aside and pulled back the flap as I went out like a caged animal to freedom.
Outside was bright with a cool breeze whistling through the long needled trees that formed a canopy over the tiny settlement that was now being disassembled.The people looked all the same with dark colored clothing and golden eyes framed in various shades of brown hair.Their human appearance was rough and still retained the animalistic quality that was a part of them. 
I looked around frantically to catch a glimpse of Ian’s black hair in the sea of monotone browns.
“Princess!”Caleb’s voice cut through the crowd.
I spotted him several feet away and ran up to him.
“Where’s Ian?”I kept looking all around not meeting Caleb’s eyes until he grabbed hold of my shoulders.
“Not even a hello or a how are you?”Caleb asked as my patience was running thin.
“Caleb, tell me where Ian is.”I almost pleaded.
Caleb’s slight smile faded.“He’s fine.Ian is with the Searhess.Over there.”He pointed off to my right.
I ran over to the dome tent that was the only one left still standing as the others were being torn down and packed into bundles.
I flipped back the cover looked inside and was greeted by a pair of surprised golden eyes.
“Do you not make your presence known before entering where you come from?”The girl’s voice was harsh as she glared at me.
“No…I’m…”My voice trembled slightly as my eyes darted between her and Ian.
His closed eyelids were tinged purple that contrasted against his pale skin that had a deathly whiteness to it.His body was still and I thought for a moment he wasn’t breathing.I knelt down wanting to shake him awake.I couldn’t lose the only family I had.I couldn’t lose Ian.
“Ian is alright Emily.Your brother is fine.”I didn’t look at her, but her words for the first time had comfort to it.
I let my breath out keeping my eyes on Ian.I barely knew him, but I could feel that connection now.We were family no matter how thin the thread, I wasn’t going to lose Ian.
“What happened?’I asked looking at her then back at Ian.
“Poison dart from one of the Wall Guards.They are highly toxic.It’s a miracle that he is still alive.”Her words were soft as Ian moved a little which made me feel like I wasn’t looking at a corpse.
“Aria, the tribe is moving on and will wait for you at the river passage.”Quil’s voice came from behind us.
“Let the other Outlander in here and tell the tribe I will address them soon,” she replied with a nod from Quil.
I looked at the girl that could only be a few years older than me.She returned the gaze with her piercing gold eyes.
“My name is Aria and I am the head Searhess of our tribe.I should have introduced myself earlier, but there were more important things to tend to,” she said as Caleb came in.
Ian let out a groan that broke the trance Aria had on me.
“Ian, are you alright?It’s me, Emily.”I leaned closer as he opened his eyes that were the color of a summer sky.
“I think he knows your name princess.”Caleb sat down next to me.
“Emily,” his voice cracked.“I got your message.”He blinked his eyes and tried to move a little.
“Don’t move.”Aria instructed.
“You got my message?”I asked in amazement.
“Right before the guards attacked us.”Caleb concluded.
Suddenly, the pang of guilt ran through me.I send a message for help and in doing so, I caught Ian off guard.I could picture the whole thing in my head.Ian unaware of what was around him trying to listen to my message; my message that put his defenses down that put him in danger.I felt sick.
“It isn’t your fault.”Aria’s voice caught me right before I suppressed the sting of tears forming behind my eyes.
“But…”I began to explain as Aria held up her hand to stop me.
“Receptors are a rare breed and siblings that are Receptors are even rarer.The tie between you is strong and growing stronger the more you are together.Your message didn’t put Ian in danger, it protected him by shielding him or the outcome may have been worse.”Aria looked from Ian to me with her flickering eyes.“You have great capabilities to do wonderful things that your mother planned for.Now it is time to put them to use.”






Chapter Four
All of the tribe had packed everything up leaving only Aria and Quil along with Ian, Caleb and me in one small, dome tent. Aria spoke to her tribe, but I didn’t pay attention to her words, only the rhythm of her voice.It was a mixture of strength and compassion that echoed in a tempo aged beyond her years.I listened to her until she stopped and came into the tent.
“When,” Quil asked Aria in a low voice that I could still hear.
I looked up at him as I sat by Ian’s side and caught just a flicker of his golden eyes before he turned them away.
“Soon,” Aria replied sitting across from me.
I looked at her, and she at me and for the first time, she smiled.Caught in the unexpected gesture I only stared.
“Emily, I am going to ask something of you that I know you can do, but can be done without you.”She paused as I looked at her with confusion and for the first time meeting Aria, she was tripping over her own words.“What I mean is that we have made arrangements, but with your assistance would make things much easier.”
“And save lives.”Quil added as Aria glanced quickly at him with slightly scolding eyes.
Aria looked back at me ignoring what Quil had said.
“The Wall expanded last night.The Searhess’s home in the Forest of the Dunes is gone.It is part of the Crystal City.”She paused as I looked away imagining the small home with the blue dragon’s fire gone.
“But it really isn’t gone.”I tried to make sense of what she said.
“It is gone for us.What do you think will happen when we run out of land?” she asked rhetorically. “We will have nowhere to go, nowhere to live.Those that are not children of the Crystal City are destroyed if caught in the expansion and one day we will have no more hiding spaces.”
“But you are Rangers who protect the Wall, don’t you have protection?”I asked shaking my head.
Quil let out a sigh in aggravation.“She doesn’t get it and time is running short.”
Aria shot him a glance and then nodded her head.
“There are other creatures, other beings that seek protection.Why are they not as important as those in the Crystal City?”She looked at me as I glanced at Ian who slept peacefully.“We are granted protection as guardians of the Wall, but…that time is running short.The Crystal City calls it our duty and thinks nothing more of it.We call it an opportunity and its destruction rests in our hands.
 We all have so much to give to this world, but the Crystal City sees us as a plague, a menace and lesser beings to them.They want a perfect world free of our diseases and weaknesses.But what they don’t know is that they have their own diseases and weaknesses that one day they will succumb to.”Aria with her long fingers gently nudged them against my chin until I met her golden eyes.“We need each other in this world, together with all of our weaknesses and strengths.Your mother had that vision and it didn’t die with her.You have the key,” she said motioning with her eyes to the amulet that was hidden under my shirt.“That is the hopes, dreams, blood, tears and joys of Eutopia in there.It is a master key to the portals and it must be destroyed.”
“Destroyed, why?”I asked feeling she had just told me we had to a beloved family pet to sleep due to old age or illness.I rubbed the amulet gently with my fingers.
“Because it only brings greed, hatred and evil that could destroy the most peaceful worlds.Ian’s father had no idea that his creation would bring such hardships on the home he loved.He meant to bring worlds together to share ideas, cure illnesses and other plagues that crippled societies for thousands of years.It was a way to communicate through the vast distances that separate us.What Morwen never thought of was that he owed a ruthless investor, one that saw the possibilities the amulet had and that was for profit and power.”
The amulet sat cool against my skin, like it never changed temperature.I thought of what Aria had said and the responsibility that my mother left as her inheritance overwhelmed me.How could she do that?I only knew her through the single picture that I had stuck on my dresser mirror.I often fantasized how her voice sounded, what she smelled like and what her favorite color was.I never would have guessed that she was an assassin from another world and one day I would be completing what she’d started.
“Listen to her.”Ian’s voice croaked.
All eyes turned to Ian as he propped himself up onto his elbows.“Aria is right.What my father made can only bring destruction, even though he thought otherwise, he was naïve about a lot of things.”
“You’re wrong.” Aria corrected him with a stern voice and a flicker of her eyes. “He was a visionary living before his time.The amulet isn’t a bad thing, this world is just not ready for it and that’s why it must be sent back to the Black Abyss.”
“That is what the voice told me to do with it before I came here.”I looked at Aria.
“You should have listened to it and sailed with David in his ship there.That was the plan.I was to wait and destroy the amulet.”Aria’s eyes flickered in an array of gold like she was a hungry beast waiting to devour her dinner.“At least it’s here now.”
I looked at her remembering the voice that told me to take it to the Black Abyss and the same voice that said the amulet was a key to a portal before it turned from a sparkling topaz to silver.I slowly felt for the amulet as I stared at Aria.
“It was your voice I heard.”I kept looking into her eyes.
“More likely one of many voices.I could only hear some things, but knew the amulet was in danger of the Dragon clan.They’ve made their presence here and their intentions are just like all the others. I’ve been listening to a few things and pieced most of them together, but it wasn’t until you, Emily, came in contact with the amulet.It was designed for you to find.”
Silence surrounded us just as a distant rumbled echoed through the trees causing the ground to vibrate.
“The Wall--” Quil looked anxiously at Aria.
“We need to move.Ian, can you walk?”Aria ran her hand over the side of his cheek that flushed with color.
“Or more like run, because the Wall isn’t going to wait,” Caleb said lifting Ian up and supporting him.
“I’m fine. Emily is the one who needs protection. I can walk on my own,” Ian said with the color leaving his face followed by his body falling limp.
“Ian.”I went over and helped Caleb hold him up.He slung Ian’s over his shoulder that hung like a wet rag.
“We have to move now Searhess.”Quil’s eyes darted from Caleb to Aria.
“Then let’s go, leave the boda.We must get to the rest of the tribe.”Aria looked at Caleb.“You can’t carry him, Quil will carry him and I will travel with you and Emily.”
Quil glanced at me and nodded his head as if to give me a sense of comfort.I looked into his topaz eyes that seemed to shift with different colors.The ground shook again and the foreboding sense of something evil lurked in the wind that blew just like before a summer storm.
I watched Quil change into his wolf-like form as Ian was secured to his back.The ground quivered warning us of the quickly approaching Wall.Quil jolted into the forest like he was never here.A hole began to open inside of me and it was filled with worry for Ian.I stood as long as I could and peered at the spot Quil had entered the forest wanting to follow and worrying if I would see Ian again.
“Come on Emily, let’s go.”Caleb whispered behind me as the ground trembled and trees snapped in the distance.
We ran in the opposite direction of the boiling, grey clouds that loomed over us, biting at our heels and slowly closing in.I didn’t think we could possibly make it as Aria led the way followed by Caleb who kept looking back at me.The cumbersome underbrush was thick and made running impossible.The ground was in a steady tremble that caused some of the leaning and decaying limbs to fall and crumble like cookies to the ground.
Suddenly, something began to hit the leaves of the trees like ash from a volcano.Gracefully falling around us were tiny silver plumes of what looked like a cross between feathers and spider’s silk rolled into perfect balls.They fell in front of me, beside me and on my head exploding in a blast of silver glitter.Even in the danger, I couldn’t help but to wonder what it was.
“We’re not going to make it!”Caleb yelled out as I tried to run faster from the danger behind.
“Keep going!”Aria’s voice remained calm.
I could see her dark, fluid hair move like a black lightning bolt through the thickening silver clouds of glitter.She reached for Caleb’s hand and peered back at me with her golden eyes that burned through the silver ash as if the two colors were at war.
I had stopped because I forget what I was running from.I reached into my pocket not knowing why and pulled the life-like picture of my mother.She smiled back at me and let her hair blow wildly in the wind as her voice whispered in my ears.
“Let me go Emily.Let me go.”My fingers relaxed and suddenly her picture was snatched by the strong hand of the wind.
I watched it go until it was lost in the building sky of silver plumes.I let go the last remaining picture of my mother.I wasn’t sad of the loss, but felt it was something she wanted me to do—she was protecting us.
Mesmerized by the whole serene landscape, Caleb jerked on my hand and grabbed it tightly.He pulled me forward from this dreamscape that instead of fear began to fill me with calmness.My mind began to slip trying to hang onto my memories that were being washed away and all that mattered was the silver glitter that fell around me like snow.
“Emily, don’t look at it!”Caleb’s voice was quickly drowned out by the rumble of thunder and the ground cracking into thousands of fissures beneath my feet.
I didn’t care anymore, my mind for a moment surrendered to the peacefulness of ignorant bliss of my surroundings.I could feel Caleb push me to the ground covering my body with his as the intense wind caressed over us until all was still.

“You had to look at the glitter didn’t you?”Caleb said in a weary voice.
He lifted himself up relieving his weight off of me.I gasped in the warm air and opened my eyes to a barren landscape filled with the skeletons of trees coated in the silver substance that glowed in a greenish white light.If fact, everything glowed in the same light as if it was still alive, but only in a different form.
“Where are we?”I asked dumbfounded.
“Well princess, in the same place, but behind the Wall.This isn’t how I expected the Crystal City.”Caleb looked around in wonder.
“It is waiting for construction.It has been frozen and anything not desirable will be destroyed and anything desirable will be maintained.”
“Do you think they will maintain or destroy us?’Caleb never seemed to lose his sense of humor.
Aria only stared at him with her topaz eyes.“We’re not staying here to find out, we are going into the Crystal City.”
The ground was clear of the forest clutter and even though we were still in the same place, it was not the same place.Just like the pictures I’ve seen of towns destroyed by storms and other disasters, it had taken on a different persona.This world was still beautiful with light and possibility, but all at the expense of those who were forced to give it up.
I walked in silence between Aria and Caleb.I didn’t speak my thoughts and wondered if Ian had made it to safety or was he behind the Wall as well.I kept looking around in the forest’s ghostly beauty trying to catch a glimpse of Ian and Quil.I wrapped my arms around myself tightly and looked off to my right through the glowing trees.I nearly ran into Aria who had stopped in front of me.
“The Wall didn’t expand that much.Ian…and Quil, are safe.They are outside the Wall, so stop thinking about him and concentrate on the here and now.”Aria was the same height as I, and I looked directly into her eyes.
“How…”My voice faded.“Why are you reading my thoughts?”I asked defensively. 
Aria shook her head.“It is a gift just like you are a Receptor, but not important now.You need to control how desperate your thoughts are and I won’t accidentally pick up on them.”
“Well, I’m sorry that I’m worried about my brother, whom I just found and I would like to keep him alive as much as you do Quil.”
“Worrying about them isn’t going to save them, getting into the Crystal City will.We have one chance and it lies over there.”Aria pointed with her finger behind her as she moved to the side.
Like a transparent shadow, the city with its tall spires looked like intricately cut spindles that reached for the misty lavender sky hovering over it.The buildings sparkled through the veil of fog that covered it, encasing it like a protective film.
“How are we going to get through the shield?”Caleb asked gazing in the distance with his eyes that looked neon green compared to the pastel colored city.
“Emily will make an opening.” Aria simply stated.
“How am I supposed to do that?Go knock on the door with a secret knock?’I asked out of frustration.
Aria only glared at me with steady eyes.I knew my remark was idiotic, but she was leaving things out, she wasn’t telling the whole truth; I could feel it run through me like a cold wind.
“The city is in a protective shield, you are a child of the Crystal City not to mention a distant royal, and you have privileges.When the amulet is destroyed so will the power of the Wall.They come from the same magical element and when one is in the same presence of the other, they will follow each other.Your mother had the Portal Maker break down the magic in it so she could keep it safe, but now it is in true form and vulnerable.If the amulet goes into the Abyss so will the power of the Wall. ” Aria looked at me in the stillness.
I stared at the shadowed city that was foreign to me as well as where I came from.
“Your mother tried to destroy the Wall with this.”Aria pointed to the amulet around my neck.“It was the last piece of magic left and she knew it was the only thing that could destroy it.She hid it for protection and hoped to one day destroy it herself.”Aria gazed at me studying me with her now gentle eyes.“Now, it is up to you Emily to save your home.”
I drew in a deep breath and looked over at Caleb who only reassured me with a smile.
“Tell me what I need to do.”

The Wall was like looking through a snow globe filled with silver glitter.Aria and Caleb stood behind me and with my amulet in hand; I held it up to the Wall.It vibrated wildly in my palm, humming filled my ears like angry bees buzzing all around my head as I traced a crooked, silver line on the outside of the shield.The amulet pulled hard against the surface and I had to use all my strength to barely make an opening for us to pass.
I stepped back, dropped my arm that felt like I had held it up for hours, and looked at the jagged arched opening.
“You could have made it a little larger.”Caleb critiqued my work as he bent down and looked through.“It will be a tight squeeze for me.”
“Not for Emily.”Aria looked at me.“Once in, seal the opening by tracing your lines.”
I looked at her confused.“Wait, aren’t you coming?”
Aria continued to look at me with her topaz eyes.“No, we are Outlanders.”
“But, how do I know what to do?I’ve never been in there.I don’t even know what this Black Abyss is.” I couldn’t believe what Aria was saying.
“We can’t let her go alone.”Caleb stood up.“She might be a princess, but she can’t go alone.”
“And what will happen if we go in there?We are like black stones among diamonds.The only thing we will help her do is draw attention to us.”Caleb looked away from her and then at me with an empathetic look.
I didn’t want to go in by myself, but Aria was right, if the Crystal City was filled with people with blonde hair and fair complexions, then they would stand out.
“I’ll be fine.”I tried to reassure Caleb.
He turned from Aria and drew in a deep breath.I didn’t have to have any ability to sense the worry Caleb had for my safety.He then smiled and let the child-like twinkle return to his eyes.
“Of course, you’re the princess.”He managed to tease.“I don’t have a doubt.”
 Caleb’s smile faded.His eyes were as green as the stoplight that hung at the intersection in St. F.That life existed a few weeks ago, but now has been swept away, forever.Now, managing to pay the water bill that once plagued me in my little trailer seems easy. 
“The Black Abyss is believed to be in the center of the city, at least that’s where we have seen the most activity when we are behind the Wall.I wish I could give you a better location, but I never was able to get that out of your mother.All I can say is follow your instinct, use your head, and be safe and don’t try sending any messages…no matter how badly you do, don’t, you may be found.”Aria’s words trailed off as she stepped back leaving me alone beside the shield.
I peered through the small opening that had green grass, almost neon in color in contrast to the greyish ground on the frozen side of the shield.Aria and Caleb stood a distance away.Caleb gazed intently at me, almost like a dog being held on a leash watching his owner leave.I smiled trying to reassure him trying to contain the growing knot of the unknown tightened inside of me.
Instructed to retrace my line I did until I could only see a small portion of Caleb in the distance.He looked like he was going to say something so I stopped, started to ask him what he wanted, when, suddenly the opening snapped shut causing me to drop the amulet.I was now alone.
I picked the amulet up letting the chain dangle from my hand like a broken appendage.The Wall glittered in front of me and blocked Caleb and Aria from my view.I knew they were there and I knew I couldn’t just stay here worrying about them.If I wanted to help, I had to find the Black Abyss.

The city before me looked like it had been cut from a sparkling geode that often littered the creeks and streams that ran through St. F.They were various sizes of round rocks with rough, and often grey or brown exteriors.The geode’s outer cover was a deception to their inner beauty of jagged, sparkling, crystalized hollow core that always mesmerized me.
I can see how the Crystal City was called the Crystal City.I drew in a deep breath and with the plush green grass under me; I stepped towards the city.
Rolling hills that arched in perfectly shaped domes looked almost sculpted rather than nature made.Trees with upright branches reached for the cobalt blue sky like arms rejoicing the magnificently even toned sky.Everything here to me appeared planned without flaw, even down to the weed free grass.It seemed to me that everything had to meet a certain criteria or it simply didn’t exist here.There was no uniqueness to the carbon copy design.
The landscape, the trees and even the city were beautiful in a way one would look into a snow globe and examine its perfection of undisturbed beauty.I felt I shouldn’t be here.Its beauty had an unwelcoming edge to it that made me feel uncomfortable to the point that I wanted to run back to the shield and let myself out.
I stopped at the crest of the last hill and was greeted by an evenly spaced forest of the same trees.There was no diversity in their form like they were selected with great thought.
I couldn’t believe I haven’t seen anyone yet, but, what was I expecting?I’ve never been around anything like this.Someone should at least be patrolling the area I thought.
The city before me looked too delicate to be a city.A gust of wind could’ve blown it apart.As frightened as I was to be here, I was equally amazed by its beauty.I knew I shouldn’t linger and began to take a step towards the Crystal City when the pendant began to pulse through me like a warning.
I stopped and automatically clutched onto it as my ears filled with a familiar humming.The sound faded as I stood in the same spot looking down at the silver pendant in my palm.
“Don’t take me to the Black Abyss.Don’t take me to the Crystal City.I don’t belong there!”A woman’s voice pleaded.“Do you hear me?Emily, do you hear me?”
I looked wide eyed at the pendant and held my breath.The pendent, or whatever it was, knew my name.
“What--” My voice was barely above a whisper.
“Don’t--” Her voice cut off as if someone had put their hand over her mouth.
I looked in awe at my pendant just as the humming filled my ears so strong that I fell to my knees and covered them.I knew the irritating sound was from within me, but I covered them anyhow to keep my head from exploding.The sound intensified to the point I bent over in pain.
I had to get up and keep moving.I tried to move my legs forcing them to lift me up.With my hands to my head, I took a step forward and looked down the hill before me as it distorted in shape.I lost my balance on my wobbly legs and rolled down the hill until I stopped at the base of a tree.
My body was paralyzed and all I could do was look up at the perfectly painted sky.My eyelids grew heavy and my thoughts became muffled.Each blink of my eyelids was forced as I feared passing out in a strange and more likely dangerous area.I tried to move again when a shadow covered the blue sky.I looked up to meet a curious pair of the lightest blue eyes I had ever seen.
I could see his lips move in questioning who I was, but my ears couldn’t hear his voice.I feared what was happening to me.I had to help Caleb and Aria, save Ian and get back to Gabe.Everything had become my responsibility and everyone was depending on me.
I tried to push myself up.It was no use as I used all my strength until everything faded to blackness.

“Where did you say you found her?”A woman’s voice said in a hushed tone.
“Between the shield and the forest… actually, at a base of a tree.It appeared she rolled down the hill.I thought we had the whole area evacuated.”
“Evidentially not,” the woman sighed.“Look, I don’t want any more guards coming here.So you deal with her.”I could hear her feet shuffle across the floor.“Oh, and have her gone by tonight, there will be festivities for the expansion and every guard will be on duty.”
The room grew quiet and I could hear whoever this guy was pace the floor.He did this for a long time as I wondered who he was and why he was hiding me.Unsure of my safety, I would wait him out and escape when he left the room.
“I know you can hear me,” he finally said.“I know you are not from the Crystal City, but I do know you have a connection.”He paused and waited for a response I wasn’t going to give him.“I’m not going to hurt you, by the way.I am asking for your help…so please, wake up.”
I held my sleeping beauty act and hoped he bought it.After several minutes of silence, I could hear him scoot the chair he was sitting in squeak against the floor followed by footsteps and then the door closing.He was gone and I popped up.I threw back the blankets and swung my legs over the side of the bed.I held my head for a moment trying to control my dizziness.
“You know if you didn’t get up so fast, you wouldn’t be dizzy,” he said as I held my breath in surprise.“You can’t be too smart either, because you just fell for the oldest trick in the book.”
I just sat there like a blinded animal staring into oncoming vehicle headlights.My mouth dropped open, but no words came to them.He tilted his head to the side and studied me with a confused expression.
“Are you alright?Can you speak?” he asked.
I shook my head and swallowed hard.“Yes.”I finally managed.
“Good, because you had me worried there.”He stepped closer as I stood up and swayed slightly.
He quickly stepped over and steadied me.I tried to move to the side as he stood in front of me.
“Hey,” he chuckled.“I said I wasn’t going to hurt you.I just want to know where you come from and why you were in the forbidden zone.” 
“I, uh, I…got lost.”I cringed inside at my lame excuse.
He looked at me with his light blue eyes.His hair was a dull shade of blonde or could have been a light brown.I looked at him wondering who he was.
“Well, I think you got the lost part right, but I think there is more to you than just being lost.”He stepped back and folded his arms over his narrow chest.
He was tall, much taller than me and lanky, but not the wimpy lanky.He looked like he would be quick as well as strong.And I didn’t want to find out how quick or strong he was.I had to escape.
“Can you tell me where you live, where you come from?”He looked at me evaluating me from head to toe.
“I come from the city and I was headed back there when the Wall expanded.”I tried to sound convincing as he shook his head and smiled with disbelief.
He rubbed his chin with his fingers.“No, I don’t think you come from the Crystal City, but you do have a connection here--”
Suddenly, a giant boom exploded outside.Startled, I landed back on the bed glad it didn’t shatter the window.The boy stood in front of me and turned towards the window that had bright lights flickering behind it.It reminded me of fireworks with explosions of bright colors and the colored embers sizzling through the air.
I stood up and crept towards the open bedroom door.Sensing my movement, the boy turned and met my gaze and lunged for the door to block me from leaving.
“Oh, my gosh!”I yelled pointing to the window behind him.“What in the world is that?”He turned following my pointed finger as I rushed out the door, down a stairwell with his voice cursing at me and his footsteps trying to keep up.
I burst through the door and into a crowded street of people going in every direction.I was quickly swallowed in by them as they danced in glittering clothes of white encrusted beads and sparkling with diamond-like stones.
I looked for the boy and could see him standing on the steps of the tall, grey building. The sea of dancing people pushed me further down the street.I hunched down as the people waved their arms in the air and had flags of sheer material that floated in the air.I grabbed onto one, wrapped it over my head and went with the flow of the crowd.His eyes scanned carefully over and over the crowd, but with my blonde hair blending in with everyone else’s, I watched him lose sight of me hardly believing that I could move that fast.

The crowd pushed me further down the street that was sandwiched between tall, grey buildings of stone.Intricately carved swirling designs covered the buildings and what looked like gargoyles perched at the very top.Tall, slender windows were open and more blonde haired people dressed in glittering white clothes hung out the window cheering and drinking from silver cups.The crowd reminded me of untouched, newly fallen snow glistening in the bright sunlight.
A cry broke the spell my surroundings had on me.I could tell immediately that it was a child.I pushed my way through the dancing people to a small courtyard.There, the river of people passed by and a small circle formed around a young girl in torn clothing and matted, dark hair hanging like strings.She sat on the ground holding her shoulder that looked bruised and crusted with dried blood.She was maybe just a couple of years younger than me.She looked like a black pearl among a strand of white.
I pushed my way to the edge and looked at her.Her black eyes were filled with fear as the people encircling her chanted until one of them yelled out.“Purify her and Eutopia!”For one quick moment her eyes met mine as if she had been searching for me and a soft voice filled my ears.“Save us.”
The crowd pounced on her and carried her away, screaming.I stood in awe as they took her into a building with intricately carved stones and double arched doors that were pointed like arrows at the top.It slammed with a thud cutting off the girl’s cries.I stood for only a moment not knowing what to do and as if instinct took over, I ran into the street and was swallowed again by the dancing, oblivious people.They danced in circles, some with musical instruments and others with scarves.They all smiled, laughed and sang.All of them had the same oblivious joy casted across their faces as if their happiness was drug induced.I had to help the girl, I wanted to help her, but who would or could even do that?
I pushed my way over to the side of the street when someone grabbed me by the shoulder and then latched onto my arm.The tall man was dressed in a long white cape that glittered and flowed around him like a ghost as he pulled me through the crowd.I tried to loosen his grip which was no use and he quickly had me in the small alley.
He pushed me against the wall with his face still covered by a long hood.I tried to hit him, but he grabbed both of my arms and pinned me against the cool stone like a scarecrow.I wanted to scream for help, but any help would question me being here, I was on my own and no match for him. He then pressed his lips to mine in a hard, quick, desperate kiss.Frozen in fear, I thought my heart had stopped and could only wonder what he was going to do next.He then let go of my wrists and flipped back his hood.
“I thought I would never see you again Em,” he said. “We’ve been looking for you.”
I looked at him in awe.“Gabe.”I questioned my vision and thought I was hallucinating.
I touched his cheek just to make sure he was really in front of me.Taking my hand in his, he gently kissed it.
“We can’t stay here long.”Gabe looked from side to side.
“But…how…when…Gabe, how did you get here?”Everything seemed to melt around me and the only thing that mattered was him.
“You and Ian weren’t the only ones to make it through the portal.I jumped in just as it closed.Only I landed here in the Crystal City along with Alicia.”
“Alicia is here-- where?”I asked.
“She’s in prison.She got caught and they are holding her.”His voice had an anxious edge to it.“We have to get her out soon.”He then put his hood back on and grabbed from clothesline that hung overhead, a white cape that he wrapped around me.“Come on, there’s a safe place just around the corner.”






Chapter Five
Gabe flew through the crowd.I could barely keep up and felt like a white flag behind him in my long, glittery cape.No one noticed us or paid any attention.It was almost like we belonged there among all of those blonde haired people dressed in white with happy expressions on their faces.I was happy too, I had accidentally found Gabe, or actually he had found me.But I wasn’t happy for the Wall expansion, like the rest of Eutopia.I was happy that Gabe held my hand tightly again.
In my stupor of happiness, I finally realized that we were headed back to where I had run from.
“Gabe…”He didn’t hear me as my voice was lost to the flute-like music that filled the air.
He stopped and turned to go up a flight of stairs and through the door I had escaped earlier from.
“Gabe!”I yelled and stopped midway up the flight of stairs that led to the apartment.
Gabe turned breathing heavy.His blonde hair curled with sweat over his eyes.“What?”He asked sharply.
“I’ve been here…”
“You’re back,” said the dark haired boy at the top of the stairs, “and with a guest.”
He looked at me and smiled with raised eyebrows then motioned with his head to go up the stairs.
“It’s better we get to my apartment and discuss everything there.”
The boy vanished around the corner as Gabe looked back at me.I hesitated.
“Em, it’s safe, I promise.”
“But he was the one I was running from.How do you know we can trust him?”I asked as Gabe took a step upward and looked back at me.
“--Because, he saved me from the guards that took Alicia-- I’ve been with him since I got here.He could’ve turned me in, but he didn’t.”
I stood with crossed arms.Something didn’t feel right to me. I started to say something to Gabe when humming filled my ears.
I tried to push it away, but couldn’t.The voice was powerful and gentle at the same time.For some reason as annoying as it was, it also had a comforting edge.I took a deep breath and let everything fade around me concentrating on it, trying to control the volume of it.I didn’t want it to take me by surprise like before.
The amulet that sat next to my bare skin began to warm and felt electrified with something that reminded me of static electricity.The hair on my arms rose and like a quick, sudden gust of wind, the voice encircled me saying only one word—trust.
I opened my eyes to see the dark blonde haired guy.His clear, light blue eyes gazed at me as if waiting for a response to something.
“Does she do this a lot?” he asked Gabe with crossed arms sitting across from me.
I didn’t realize, but Gabe sat next to me practically holding me up.I liked being next to him, I didn’t think I would be in his arms again.I wanted to savor it, but it felt uncomfortable with someone watching.
“She’s a Receptor.We just found that out,” Gabe replied as my slightly numb senses wouldn’t allow me to speak yet.
I closed my eyes again wishing the boy away and letting myself enjoy the closeness of Gabe’s arms.I never wanted to leave as the voice came back to me in barely a whisper.
“Trust him Emily…he is one of us…he belongs.”The voice faded like a distant echo.
I kept my eyes shut as Gabe ran his hand up and down my arm.I thought of what the voice had said.It is something that knows what is going on, like a watching entity that comes and goes.I wasn’t sure what it was or even if I could trust it, but I trusted Gabe.
I opened my eyes fully and moved away from Gabe.
“Sorry.”I apologized as Gabe pushed back my hair and tucked it gently behind my ear.
“Are you alright?Can I get you anything?” the boy asked.
He looked concerned.“No, I’m fine.”
“What did the message say, Em?”Gabe asked.
I looked at him for a moment as they both waited in suspense.“It’s a new one, not like a distress call.When I first got here it said not to take it to the Black Abyss because it didn’t belong in the Crystal City.”I looked at Gabe.“It also knew my name…it has different voices.”The thought of the thing knowing my name made my skin crawl.“Now it’s saying we should trust—what’s your name?”I asked looking at him.
“My name is Ethan,” he said.“You are clever at escaping; I never thought I would fall for the second oldest trick in the book.”He pointed to the window that exploded with fireworks earlier and I had used as a diversion. 
 “Before you took off I was going to introduce myself and tell you about Gabe here.He knew you were somewhere in Eutopia and when I found a girl in the forbidden zone; I thought that it must be the girl Gabe had told me,” he said and then burrowed his eyebrows.“What exactly doesn’t want to be taken to the Black Abyss?”
I straightened and looked at Gabe as I cleared my throat stalling.
“Ethan is with us Em.If it wasn’t for him I would be with Alicia.I have already told him everything,” Gabe said.“He knows who we are, where we come from… and about the amulet.”
“Gabe and I had made a deal.”Ethan looked at me.“I would help him and he would help me escape.You see, I can’t remember my past as a child growing up.It is a blank spot in my memory that was affected when the Wall went up.I was found in the forbidden zone when they started expanding the Wall.I don’t remember any of it.My first memory is someone finding me and asking my name—I couldn’t tell because I didn’t know. That was about five years ago and since then I was kept in a Havenhouse—a place for parentless children.One day a recruiter came and chose me to train to be a scout.I excelled, but something never felt right.Not having any memories of a childhood have haunted me, and no one here can help.I believe now that I am not from within the Crystal City, but elsewhere.I think I have ties outside the Wall that I want to find.”He smiled slightly.“What I and the amulet say convince you now?”
I felt the pendant under my shirt and gently stroked it with my fingers.Something so small that was so powerful, hung from my neck. It said to trust Ethan.The only thing is that I don’t trust the amulet yet, but I do trust Gabe.
I gently stroked the amulet using my shirt as a buffer between my skin and it.Each time I connected with it, I felt more voices were speaking or trying to be heard.Each one different, like layers of sedimentary rocks, they all wanted to connect to me with different messages.
“Can I see it?”Ethan asked breaking the pending silence that I was oblivious to.
 I stopped caressing the amulet and hesitantly pulled it out.Its blue-silver tone reflected the light brilliantly, as if it wanted to be seen.Ethan only leaned closer to examine it without touching it.
“You say it knows your name and has different voices?”Ethan gave me a skeptical, but inquisitive look.
“At first it was just whispers in Atlantis, but I can hear different voices and they’re disagreeing with each other.”
“Humph, that is strange.” Ethan sat back in his chair and rubbed his chin with his fingers.His eyes were still studying the amulet I let dangle in front of me.
“So where is this Black Abyss?”I asked resting my eyes on Gabe and breaking the awkward silence, “Ian is outside with a tribe of Outlanders.We have to save him, Gabe-” I knew I had to tell him sometime who Ian was to me.“He’s my brother.”My words were quick.I felt like I blurted them out as Ethan and Gabe looked at me.
Gabe’s mouth dropped and he pushed away from me a little, almost like he didn’t believe me.I didn’t know how to tell him and with each minute that passed was time lost to save him.
“Your what?” his voice was sharp, “How--”
I took a deep breath and felt Ethan’s curious eyes on me.I looked at Gabe ignoring Ethan, and tried to imagine it was just Gabe and I.I took Gabe’s hand in mine.They were strong, like every muscle was thick and full of strength.Gently, I caressed them as his grey eyes penetrated through mine trying to read what I hesitated to say.
I told Gabe everything that happened from the time I was captured and on the Dragon clan’s ship.I told him how I stabbed David and went into the water with Ian and the portal that led us here.Gabe, and I know Ethan listened intently as I told them about my mother who was not only royalty, but an Unseen. I told them about Caleb, and how he knew that Ian and I shared the same father.
“I am from here.My mother hid me from Eutopia because she didn’t want me to have the same fate only she died before she could complete her destiny and now I have inherited that destiny,” I said.“That is why I need to find the Black Abyss.”
“I would take you to it, but no one knows where it is.Well, actually no one cares where it is and most Eutopians think of it as a myth.”Ethan got up and went to the window.“I have never been outside the Wall.”His voice seemed distant.“No one here cares what is beyond it, but I do…I believe I have family out there.”
Ethan turned and looked at us.
“We’re not going to find the Abyss by sitting here,” Gabe said.
Suddenly, the door pounded with a frantic knock.
“You get out!I know there are more of you in there.I don’t want trouble here with your kind!”I recognized it as the woman’s voice I heard earlier.
“I’m paid through the end of the week!”Ethan said in a harsh voice.
Something then skidded from under the door to rest in front of Gabe’s feet.He picked it up and handed the brown envelope to Ethan.
“There, there is your money—refunded in whole.Now get out!”Her footsteps pounded down the stairs as we looked at each other.
“Well at least she is honest about giving me my deposit back.”Ethan counted the oval, silver threaded money and stuffed it into his pocket throwing the envelope behind him.
“Where do we go now?”I asked.
Gabe tightened his fingers around mine as I looked at Ethan.
“To get Alicia out,” Gabe said and stood up. “We don’t have much time left.”
“Wait, there is something else—a girl I saw in the street just before you found me.”Gabe stood in front of me as Ethan put his coat on and looked around the room.
“We need to get going,” Ethan said in a quiet voice.
“They took her inside a tall building with arched doors…they screamed out that they wanted to purify Eutopia…she said something to me before they took her.She said ‘save us’ and she looked--”
“She looked like one of the Outlanders—dark hair, eyes…” Ethan lowered his head and turned towards the window.“I’ve seen many go to be ‘purified’ by what the laws of Eutopia call murder.”He stood in front of me.“She was probably caught when the Wall expanded.Some Outlanders are found right away and others hide as best they can, but ultimately they are found.”
“She asked me to save her--”
“If you want to save her and her kind,” Ethan said, “then let’s get going or we will be joining her.”

Eutopia was in a simple word--beautiful.Everything from the buildings to the people blended together in perfection.There was no trash on the street, no bums or anyone loitering outside the polished store fronts and each street we turned down, which was more like a large alleyway, everyone had the same pleasant expression that repeated over and over again.I also noticed that everyone was about the same age.I didn’t see any handicap people or elderly and no young children.It was a disturbed beauty that made me feel uneasy at the same time in awe of it. Even though I enjoyed looking at, it reeked with an underlining festering boil that couldn’t be seen, but felt.It was simply too perfect.
“You can hear different voices?”Gabe whispered in my ear as we walked side by side.
“Yes.The more I connect with it the more I hear,” I said as we passed the several blonde headed people all dressed in white, flowing clothes.“This place is creepy.”I barely whispered.“Why does everyone have blonde hair?”
“Ethan said it is a mark of perfection.Everyone is the same and everything has its place,” he replied looking forward.
“Yeah, but it isn’t normal.”I glanced at the smiling faces of the people that walked joyfully by practically skipping.“It’s still creepy.”
Ethan was a few steps ahead and peered back at us to make sure we were still close by.
“Maybe….it’s certainly clean…and very pretty.”Gabe’s eye glanced at a scantily dressed girl all in white that nearly blended in with her powdery skin.
I looked at him with a crossed expression.“Really,” I wasn’t amused.
“Yeah, the architecture, that’s what I was looking at,” I smiled as Gabe wrapped his arm around me. “And, I like to see you smile…everything will be alright Em.”
Gabe always made me feel secure like everything was really going to be all right.He along with Alicia risked jumping into a portal that could have led them anywhere.I’ve never had true friends before. 
“So, how are we going to get Alicia out?”I asked in a low voice.
“Ethan and I came up with a plan to break into the jail tonight.There won’t be as many guards on duty.”Gabe stopped walking as Ethan stood looking up at a tall building that started off as organized, grey stone then slowly turned into twisted, deformed icicle-like spires that glinted in the sun. 
“This is it.”Ethan announced.“You’re the daughter of an Unseen, you will go in first.”
“What!” I exclaimed.“I don’t know the first thing about that.”
“You don’t have to.The sensor there can pick that up.Don’t worry, we will be with you…and this will definitely beat breaking in and possibly getting caught.”His eyes shifted to Gabe.
Alicia risked her life to save me.The least I could do is try to get her out.I looked up at the massive building like it was a laughing giant looking down on me.I took a deep breath and looked at Gabe.He smiled and then nodded his head slightly towards the double doors of rippled glass.
“I am your accompanying Wall Guard and Gabe is our drunk disturbing the peace.”I looked back at Ethan questioning his excuse to get inside.
“Trust me, it will work.Just play along.”Ethan stood behind me with Gabe beside him.
I took a deep breath and went through the glass doors.
People, mostly men, darted this way and that dressed in silver, mesh-like uniforms that reminded me of steel wool.Circular desks sat off to the side with S shaped, plastic-like chairs surrounded the desks, some with people in them and some vacant.Music played overhead, but couldn’t be heard over the multitude of voices littering the sweet smelling air.My eyes followed the white walls upward that ended abruptly and transformed into the thick rippling glass that I could see outside.It filtered the sun overhead and filled the whole space with soft light. 
“Go to the desk to your right.”Ethan whispered in my ear and then poked me in the side.
I looked at the desk to see a young girl behind it looking at a clear glass tablet. I stepped closer and could see her blue eyes move from side to side reading something.
“What do I say?”I whispered back at Ethan.
“You’re escorting me and our disturber here to level ten,” Ethan said quickly.
I kept my eyes on the girl and stepped to the front of the desk.She didn’t say anything at first, only kept looking at her tablet.
“I need to go to level ten,” I said in a low voice.
“What’s your clearance?”She asked, still not looking at me.
“I am…I’m…”I tripped over my words then motioned back at Ethan.
Her eyes lifted and met mine.Her face was rounded and her lips looked like she had them puckered for a kiss.She was pretty, but reminded me of distorted dolls with the exaggerated features. 
“If I may help the Unseen, she is escorting us to level ten.We have a disturber of the peace in the Princess Gardens.”
I looked back at them as Gabe ignored my stare and winked at the girl slightly wobbling to appear drunk as he leaned on the desk.
“I was looking for a princess and you look like you might be one.How about you and I…”Ethan suddenly pulled him back and away from the desk.
The girl half smiled at Gabe with her sultry eyes that glinted with curiosity.She arched her left eyebrow as the corner of her lips pointed upward like two sharp arrows.I wanted to look at Gabe that way, and maybe I did, but she had an aura about her that reeked with sexiness.And Gabe was looking at it.
“We need to take him for processing first.”Ethan held Gabe by the back of his shirt.
“Oh…processing…that sounds like fun maybe princess and I should try that later on.”Gabe played his role all too well.“What do you say?”He pulled himself from Ethan.“You’re too pretty to be in a place like this…maybe I could be your prince?”
Ethan this time pulled Gabe back nearly knocking over a vase of flowers that sat on the corner.The girl quickly steadied the vase as I could see her cheeks flush.
“Enough!”I turned to him with glaring eyes.
Gabe shrugged his shoulders and flipped back his hair as he secretly winked at me.
“Well, I still need your clearance,” she said looking up at me as she bent over and pulled another small, glass tablet with slender metal legs that barely lifted it from the desk.
“Put your hand on it.”Ethan whispered in my ear as she pressed what looked like buttons along the side.
“There it’s all ready.”She sat with her hands folded on the desk in front of her.
She didn’t look at me, but kept her eyes on Gabe.I didn’t look at him, but she smiled several times flirting with Gabe.I felt his disturber-of-the-peace-act had gone a little far.
I then placed my hand on the glass tablet and for a brief second it lit up and then faded.She motioned for me to take my hand off and then pressed some more buttons on it.
“Thanks,” I said as she glanced up at me and then looked like something caught her eye.
“Wait,” she said, “you forgot your badge.”She handed me a thin business card size, thin, plastic badge that had a hologram of some emblem in it.I clipped it on.
I smiled at her as something caught her eye when she looked at my shirt.I then remembered that I forgot to put the amulet under my shirt.
“Oh, your necklace,” my heart began to pound in my chest. “That’s pretty.I have to ask where you got it.That is if you don’t mind telling a Processer.”She leaned over and smiled at Gabe.
Gabe smiled back and tried to loosen his grip from Ethan.“She got it from me and I can give you one too…if you want me to.”
“Get going and shut –up.”I turned and looked at Ethan hoping he would lead the way to level ten.
Ethan motioned with his eyes that I go first and then whispered what way to turn as we walked past several people until we came to a door down one of the long hallways.We went in and finally we were alone and in a darkened stairwell.
“Put the amulet under your shirt.”Gabe stepped in front of me and pulled the neckline of my shirt out to let the amulet fall under it.“That could have cost us,” he scolded.
“I could have done that.”I hissed rearranging my collar.“And I didn’t know it was out.”My voice slightly echoed in the stairwell.
For the first time Gabe was angry at me.I could see it in his grey eyes that swirled like storm clouds.I was angry at him too and could feel tears sting the back of my eyes.
“Where’s level ten?”I turned my attention to Ethan.
“Well, we are on the first level…so ten flights up.”
“We have better move fast then, Alicia can’t wait much longer,” I said jumping in front of Ethan as I let my hurt eyes pierce Gabe’s.
“Em, wait,” Gabe grabbed my arm.
I spun around and let my eyes that began to water, peer into his.He stood on the step below me and gently ran his hands up and down my arms.
“Sorry, I didn’t mean to yell.It’s just that we could’ve been caught and…if anything would happen to you…”
“No, I should have paid attention.”I let my breath out and my anger faded as I wiped the tears from my eyes.I hated crying and much less when someone was looking.
Ethan stepped behind Gabe and cleared his throat.“We really need to move and I know this is a touching moment and all…”
“Alicia needs us.Let’s go.”I turned and led the way.I figured I wouldn’t get lost going up ten flights of stairs where each exit door was clearly marked as to what level we were on.
Gabe was behind me as we made our way up each flight of stairs.In our silence, I thought of Alicia.She had risked her life too coming here, and I still didn’t know why she did.She had made it clear that she didn’t like me when I was in Atlantis, but I also know she struggled with her gift of healing as much as me with my Receptor abilities.She’s part of the Phoenix clan of the Alliance, the most gifted of each of the four clans.Only Alicia’s powers are too strong for her leaving her weak after she uses them. I didn’t want to waste any more time and went as fast as my feet would go.
Finally, we reached level ten and I nearly burst through the door when Ethan stopped me.
“We don’t want to make a grand entrance with swords drawn and screaming our battle cries.”His voice almost sounded amused.“We need to just go in normally—like we aren’t here to break someone out.”
“Sorry,” I said, “just nervous.”
Ethan grabbed hold of Gabe’s arm and motioned for me to open the door.
“Go straight in and down the hallway.There is a door at the end.Go through that door and don’t make eye contact with anyone.Remember you are an Unseen and have a right to be here without question.”
I walked in with Gabe and Ethan behind me.We were lucky that the stark hallway was empty and there was no one to stop us. I passed by each of the closed doors half expecting one of them to burst open, but they never did as I opened the door to another stairwell that led upward.
The walls were made of smooth cement and curved almost into a spiral.Small blocks in the wall illuminated with a cool light.The passage was narrow and we had to go single file.
“How far?”I asked.
“Not much farther, I think.”Ethan replied.
“What do you mean you think?”I stopped and turned to face him.
“I’ve never been in this part. It’s called the eleventh floor and is not operational.If your Alicia is anywhere in this building it would be there.”
“You mean you’re not sure?’I looked at him.
Ethan stepped back slightly.“What do you suggest we do—go and ask where they’re keeping her?”
“No, I thought you had a better idea where she was.”I looked up at the curving steps.
“Times wasting, we need to keep moving.”Gabe said looking more at me.“Ethan would know Em.I’ve trusted him this far.”
I looked back at him and then turned continuing to ascend and hopefully where they were keeping Alicia.
The steps ended abruptly at a solid, metal door.I looked back at Gabe and Ethan.
“Open it slowly.You still have clearance for everything.”Ethan tried to encourage me as I took a deep breath.
I simply pushed the door open. There was no latch or knob.I found it strange that such a secluded place wouldn’t be locked up.The air was cool and our footsteps echoed in the large room.Gabe stepped in front of me as slivers of light cut the darkness like evenly spaced swords.
Ethan walked beside Gabe and I was now behind them both as we crept like spiders across the gritty floor.Without warning, a light blasted overhead stopping us in our tracks.
We looked around blindly trying to see who were around us.My heart raced as Gabe stood protectively in front of me.
“Tell them you’re an Unseen.”Ethan whispered back at me.
I looked at him with uncertainty and swallowed hard.
“I’m an Unseen,” I held up my badge and circled around so whoever was there could see, “I’m bringing a prisoner.”
My words echoed with no reply.We stood in silence looking at each other when more lights blinked on.The long room was brightly illuminated.I looked around to see who was there, but found the room empty.A cell with liquid-like walls, several feet away, reflected a person behind it. I could see their dark hair and slender figure.I thought it might be Alicia, but it was hard to tell from the distortion of the rippling wall.
“You’re not bringing me your lover as your prisoner, are you Emily?”A voice asked.
I stood holding my breath as footsteps, slow and precise came closer to us.From behind the rippling wall, a silhouette appeared.He came closer wearing a long black coat, dark hair and a patch over his left eye.He smiled and came closer fixed solely on me.
“David?”I recognized it as him, but questioned myself in disbelief.
“Nice to see you again, unfortunately, I can only see your lovely face with one eye.”He smirked slightly as he tilted his head to the side.
“How did you get here?” Gabe asked looking at him. “And what did you do to Alicia?’
David glared slightly at Gabe as he stepped closer to us.
“Alicia is fine; you three are not going to be so fortunate.And as far as me getting here, don’t you remember Gabe?”He smiled slightly at Gabe.“I was always talking about other worlds and why the Alliance never investigated them, but as I realized how much the Alliance has and what they aren’t doing with it, gave me an idea.All that magic and no one using it--”His voice was low as he stood in front of Gabe, “I asked you several times to join me, but you chose someone else.”He nodded towards me without meeting my eyes in disgust.
“I thought you were just talking, not serious.We took an oath to the Alliance to protect and honor all before us…not to let their lives be lost in vain.”Gabe stared at David.
“I never just talk and I’m serious.”He took a step back, lifted his gloved hand and motioned with his fingers as footsteps came from behind him.“And all of those who died protecting the Alliance’s treasure were stupid to not take advantage of it.”
“You get the girl and I will handle the boys, understand?’David said in a calm, even toned voice to the girl that stood beside him.I looked at her and realized she was the same girl at the desk several floors below us and had given me my pass.
Her puckered lips curled into a smile that reminded me of a fat rosebud opening quickly from the effects time lapse photography.She nodded in agreement as Ethan and Gabe pulled their daggers out only to be hurled through the air by David’s extended arms.
“Really, I don’t want to hurt you Gabe, and I do forgive you.”Gabe flew through the air and slammed into the wall across the room from the invisible control of David’s extended finger.
Ethan was pinned against the wall like a limp doll.I looked back at Gabe as blood ran down the side of his cheek.
“Stop!” I yelled as I tried to lunge at David.
The blonde haired girl let out an animalistic growl and pounced on me like a lioness protecting her young.I was pushed to the ground as she bared her teeth and held me by my arms.Her eyes widened and her face became even more rounded with a forehead that protruded with glittering, silver scales.Her hair curled like each strand of hair was a golden serpent waiting for her command.In the matter of seconds her human-like appearance changed into something that crossed between a demon and an angel.
Suddenly, I could feel the amulet burn on my chest.The girl’s strength increased and something inside of me gained strength as well.I thought of David hurting Gabe and Alicia.I felt my insides change like the rocks beneath the surface of the Earth being compressed and heated and ultimately changed into something else.Strength filled my muscles and fear evaporated like it had boiled out of me.
“Get off of me!” I yelled through clenched teeth as I shoved the girl through the air.
Still lying on my back, I waited for her to land on me, but she only went higher.
I looked into her wide, surprised eyes as her flaying arms made her look just like an angel being propelled through the air.Suddenly, her body stopped and went limp as one of the long, slender spikes that protruded from the ceiling, ran through her like a pushpin.Red blood seeped through her clothing as her arms dangled and her opened, empty eyes stared down at me.
All I could do was look in awe at her lifeless body.I then thought of Gabe and hoped the same strength was still in me as I got up and jumped on David’s back.
I put my hands around his neck as the amulet burned on my flesh almost angering me.David grabbed hold of me and flipped me over his head to the hard ground with a slam.The air was released from my lungs and I gasped trying to let a single breath in as he kicked me in the ribs.I curled in pain as the strength I had felt seeped from every pore leaving weakness in its place.
I tried to get up and save Gabe and Ethan, but my body was paralyzed and all I could do was hear Gabe scream out in pain and curse David’s name.





















Chapter Six
“Emily,” a distant voice called my name. “Emily…wake up.”
I struggled to remember where I was, who was with me and what had happened.I tried grasping onto thoughts like straws.
Images of St. F filled my head.Our little trailer that was paper thin, the Wooden Nickel where I worked for Jimmy that had an enormous oak tree hovering over it, Pandora’s where I got all of my gaudy jewelry, and then Gabe who always smiled at me.Was it Monday or Sunday…did I have school or work?I couldn’t remember.Something that smelled like liquor ran across my face.
“Dad?”I questioned.“I don’t feel good…I’m not going to school.”I mumbled.
I then tried to roll over when a stabbing sensation radiated from my ribs.I screamed, but that only increased the pain.
“Don’t move--and I will get to you next,” a voice hissed.
 I opened my eyes to see a girl with dark hair sitting beside me holding up Ethan’s arm that looked unnaturally twisted.With a quick jerk, snap and a cry from Ethan, she ran her hands over his arm.I watched the blue light illuminate between her delicate fingers and his bare skin.When she was done, she gently laid his arm down and then looked at me with her dark eyes and a small smile. 
“Alicia?”I questioned.“You’re alright.”
“Mostly, now lie still.”Her eyes widened as she looked down at me.
Her hands moved fluidly over my chest and I couldn’t help but to wince with pain.
“Em,”I looked up to see Gabe’s eyes look down at me as I tried to say something to him when something metallic tasting filled the back of my throat.
I coughed expelling the warm liquid that trickled down the corner of my mouth.
“She’s bleeding.”I could hear Ethan say with surprise.
“Em, look at me and squeeze my hand.”I looked up into his grey eyes that swirled with different unseen colors.
Mesmerized, I stayed focused on him as warmth filled my insides like hot cocoa on a winter’s day.I knew it was Alicia healing me, but I wanted to be somewhere else, I wanted to be on the beach with Gabe—in Atlantis.
With our fingers laced together we would walk along the pink tinged beach watching the sun fade into the sapphire ocean.It would be warm, and he would be dressed in a white, gauzy shirt that hugged his body when the wind would press it against his skin revealing muscles that lay underneath.His frayed jeans would show teasingly peeks of skin that I wanted to see more of.I remembered looking at him when I first woke up in Atlantis.He had the same clothes on and peered out the window overlooking the beach.Bathed in sunlight he looked like a ragged angel that was waiting for me. I looked at Gabe’s hands and curled mine in his as I tilted my head to meet his stormy eyes, wanting nothing more than to kiss him, when a different face filled my vision.
The blonde hair woman smiled back at me.She held my hands in hers. Her skin was soft and her hair blew wildly as her eyes twinkled like stars.I’ve seen her before, but only in the one picture that I had of her.
“I’m with you only in messages, Emily.”Her voice was clear and almost sung to me.
“Mom--” My voice was barely a whisper.
“Take the amulet back to Atlantis.Don’t take it to the Black Abyss…they are waiting for it.I was wrong to destroy the Wall this way.It has to be destroyed from within and not with the amulet.The magic is not of this world, but of another and…”
Suddenly her image flickered with another and her voice scrambled along with her image.The images switched back and forth until standing before me was a girl with white hair and large eyes with silver scales covering her protruding forehead.Her lips curled into a smile.
“I see the girl!” She exclaimed like she was looking at someone behind me.“I see the child of the Crystal City that has our amulet.”
Suddenly, her face curled into a snarl and just like the girl that David commanded to attack me, she changed into a monster.Caught between a beast and an angel, she had an icy beauty to her that reminded me of a frozen landscape—beautiful to look at, but deadly to touch.
I let out a scream as my eyes popped open and I pushed myself up.
“Go easy, Em,” Gabe said as a dull ache filled my sides.
Gently he guided me back down, my head rested in his lap.I then looked up at him.
Also peering down at me was Ethan.“You did an amazing job with that girl who attacked you.”
“The girl…”I repeated looking away and remembering her shocked face as I propelled her to her death.
I could hear them say something, but I didn’t pay attention. 
“Alicia!”I suddenly remembered her.“Where is she?Is she alright?”
I pushed against Gabe slightly as he held me down gently.
“Don’t move Em.You’re not done healing.”Gabe then brushed the hair from my face and tucked it tenderly behind my ear. 
“I’m fine,” Alicia spouted.“Just don’t move or you’re going to piss me off.I don’t know if I can heal you again so soon if you reinjure yourself.”I could hear her voice beside me and was relieved to hear it.
“Where are we then?What happened?”I asked.
“All of you got to join me in my lovely cell here.”She held her arms up towards the rippling walls that not only held us in, but blocked everything out from the other side.“David has more connections than we thought-- or could ever guess.”Alicia started to say.“He is working for someone.I heard him talking to someone when he brought me here, it was another man and,” Alicia looked at Gabe, “I know where the missing artifacts from Meropsis are.”Back in Atlantis, the vaults that housed many implements used for magic were stored in Meropsis and also went missing.“They practically have an arsenal of magic—enough to do a lot of damage.” 
 “David wants me for my ability and Em here for hers.I’ve been stuck in here since then and haven’t heard anything else.But, I do know that they are searching for the amulet.David thought I had it.I tried to tell him that Em jumped overboard and it was at the bottom of the Sanudra Ocean. ” Alicia let her dark eyes settle on me.“It’s their key…and it is all they need to unlock something greater than any world can handle.”
I touched the amulet that was under my shirt.
“Yeah, it’s Everlight.The stuff the Wall is made from.No one knows where it comes from.”Ethan sat with a bent knee between Alicia and Gabe.
“How do you know?” Alicia looked at Ethan with her untrusting eyes.Ethan leaned back slightly and then cleared his throat not taking his eyes off her.We sat looking at him, waiting for an answer that obviously made him nervous as well as look suspicious.
“Answer us Ethan.”Gabe’s voice warned.
“Most Eutopians don’t question anything here.”Ethan began with a slight trembled voice.“The Wall is the Wall to them; they don’t ask or even have the desire as to know what it is made of.I found out about it from a man in prison.I was his guard and he kept rambling on about the Wall.I always kept my thoughts to myself about Eutopia, but I knew he had information and wasn’t just a disobedient Outlander.Secretly, and for only a few minutes did I take the chance to talk to him.He said the Wall was made of Everlight and he had managed to take a small piece of it and told me it was somewhere outside the Wall.That was all I got out of him.”
“Why didn’t you tell us about this before?”Gabe asked firmly fidgeting with his hands.I glanced between Ethan and Gabe, and I knew if Gabe had a weapon, it would be pointed at Ethan.
Ethan looked down at his feet and then lifted his eyes to Gabe’s.“I have held many of my thoughts in secret with no one to trust here.No one shared my beliefs or didn’t even know how to think for themselves.Everyone here is programed to think a certain way and to never question the laws.It is a peaceful world without diversity as to not bring question to anything.I feel like I’m seeing it through an outsider’s eye, even though I was told I was once here, even born within the Wall.I have no memories except for the day I was found.It is hard for me to trust and I only gave you tiny bits of what I know at first.Trust is a dangerous gamble here, and when I found you and Alicia, I thought here is my chance to ask questions and maybe…find a way out.”
Gabe looked away and drew in a deep breath.He tightened the grip he had on my hand as Ethan looked steadily at him and then at Alicia almost begging her with the sad eyes of a lost dog.I wasn’t sure what Gabe was going to do, or even Alicia.Something felt right about Ethan to me and I knew he meant us no harm.
“We have trusted you and I think you should trust us.I can’t imagine living here knowing this isn’t right,” I said feeling I had cut the tense air that had grown nervously still.“You had every right to be cautious.”I extended my gaze to Gabe and Alicia.
Ethan smiled slightly.“You’re right, I should trust you.” 
“But more importantly we need to get to the Black Abyss,” Ethan said changing the subject.
“No, we can’t do that,” I said as everyone looked at me with questioning expressions as I tried to explain.“I had a vision of—my mother,” I struggled to keep my voice composed.“She said not to take it there.She said to take it to Atlantis; the Wall has to be destroyed from within.She started to say something else before another image took hers.It was a woman—just like the one that attacked me.”I pointed to the outside of the cell.
“She wasn’t Eutopian, at least like no one I have seen within the Wall,” Ethan said casting his gaze to Gabe.“Could she have come from Atlantis?”
“I’ve never seen anything like her before and if Em had talked to another one like her in a vision, then maybe she is from another world,” Gabe said.
“Whoever it was, knows that I have the amulet and that I’m in the Crystal City.”I began to hate being trapped in David’s cage.“We need to get out of here.”
“Well, yeah, I think we know that, but how?”Alicia widened her dark eyes at me.
I looked away for a moment then lifted my eyes and met hers.I smiled and pulled the amulet from under my shirt.“With this,” I said letting the silver stone dangle in front of me.
Alicia gave me a skeptical look as I went over to the side of the rippling wall and began to trace a line.I didn’t have to see everyone to know that they watched me like a magician executing an illusion.The wall’s barrier wasn’t like the shield I had to cut through, this was much thinner, like a knife through soft butter.
Soon, I had a small opening made and we slipped out easily.I retraced my cut, sealing the opening as though nothing had happened.
“That was very good.”David’s voice echoed through the room.
I jumped up as Gabe stood close to me.We looked around the room, but we couldn’t see David even though his voice sounded like it was in front of us.
“Emily, I’m impressed with your gaining knowledge of the amulet.It will be very helpful.”David’s voice and footsteps came closer to us.
Alicia, caught off guard, was thrown to the ground.She tried to get up, but something invisible pinned her down.
“Get off of me David!”She groaned through clenched teeth.
“You used to beg me to get on top of you, you know.”David’s voice was passive, like he was remembering the way things used to be and now was longing for them to return.
He stood with his foot pinning Alicia down by her neck and his one remaining dark eye lifted from her and focused on me.Alicia squirmed and clawed at David’s leg.He only gazed at me not bothered by Alicia.
Gabe and Ethan charged at him, but with a raise of David’s hand and his quick cat-like reflexes, they were thrown backwards and skidded across the floor.I looked back at them. They looked like two scarecrows glued to the wall with outstretched arms and legs. Both struggled to free themselves which only amused David.
“Save your energy.I think you’ll need it later.”His voice echoed, “Now, for you.”
I squinted my eyes, tightened my fists, and felt the same rush of power I did before. David removed his foot from Alicia and calmly walked towards me.
Alicia got up and took no more than two steps and without looking, David raised his hand towards Alicia.She was thrown backwards as well and pinned against the wall.
David looked like a brick wall to me with broadening shoulders and an energy so strong it illuminated all around him.
“You don’t want to fight me princess,” he warned.
I didn’t say a word; only let the building power be released as I charged at him.David raised his hand and I could feel his power push against me like a strong, hurricane-like wind.I didn’t stop, only pressed harder watching the surprise slowly bubble on his face.
The air glowed in silvers and gold almost catching fire from the friction between me and it. I burst through his invisible force, breaking it like glass until it dissolved like thick fog.
Just as a lioness pouncing on its prey, I extended my arms and pushed the dumbfounded David to the floor.I was on top of him and it was like slamming into a large, cold, stone wall.
He quickly grabbed me and rolled me over so he was on top.David smiled as I tried to push him off.He let out victorious chuckle evidently enjoying the position he was in with me.His smile faded and for a moment he looked into my eyes with a sudden dazed look.His mouth opened and then shut quickly restraining what he was going to say.He then lowered himself closer darkness flooded all around him and his lips were nearly touching mine.
The rush of power I had felt was gone, and a weakness took over.I struggled to try to recover it, almost begging my body, or wherever it came from, to fill me again.
“Not so strong are you?”His voice slithered like snakes as he grabbed me by my shoulders and slammed my head into the floor.

Something wet and cold ran over my face.My eyes popped open and were flooded with a bright light.I tried to move, but my arms wouldn’t move.As my eyes focused I could see two figures, one pacing around the other that was standing still.Voices slowly materialized into words I could understand.
David stood with his back to me as an older man with short, dark, greying hair stalked around him, limping as he did with his black eyes fixed on David.He was tall, nearly a head taller than David and stocky in appearance, like his body was carved from stone.
“You can’t let things go like this.Everything is supposed to run smoothly.I let it go the first time you lost her, and now you nearly let it happen again.”The man stopped pacing and stood directly in front of David.“What would you have done if she escaped…went into the city…it costs me time and that is something that is running out for us.”
“You didn’t give me the back-up I needed.I tried…” David said and his words were cut off as the man smacked him across the face.
I stared at them, watching their argument unfold and it brought a much dreaded memory of St. F.David used to do the same thing and I can still feel the sting on my cheek and see the bruise that slowly ripened on it.He deserved it--that was my first thought, but then the man slapped him again.
“Excuses!I don’t want to hear them and I don’t need them!” The man walked away bumping into David’s shoulder. David turned his head and shot a glance over his shoulder at the man approaching me.I looked at David hoping to catch his attention, but he only kept his glare on the man.
I stiffened upon the man’s cool smile as his hungry eyes met mine.He had a glass in his hand that he threw to ground splattering fragments of glass across the floor.
“You my princess are a slippery pet to have.But we fixed that.”His voice was cool and matched the air that surrounded us.“You must have some power to you, especially since you fought off a glass soldier and even managed to kill it.”
“What do you want with me?”I tried to act oblivious.
He raised his eyebrow and gave me a sideways glance.“Really, you know what I want.” He paused. “I want the amulet and now I have that, but I also need you to guide me through the Black Abyss.”
“I don’t know how to do that.”
He casually walked over to my right to a table that had Alicia tied to.She let out a noise from her gagged mouth and tried to look over at me.The man took his hand and turned her face to his.Gracefully, from his other arm, he let a small dagger slide out from under his sleeve and let it rest over Alicia’s chest.He looked at me and smiled.
Alicia pulled at her restraints, and glared at the man standing over her.
“You know, I was going to see if a Phoenix can manage to heal themselves, especially if the wound is fatal.I wonder if she has enough power to do that.” He let it drag across her shirt, barely using any pressure.
“Don’t,” I said forcefully.I could feel the same strength begin to boil inside of me as he lifted his dark eyes and smiled.
“You learn fast and unfortunately for you, you have compassion for others—I never acquired that emotion.”Slowly he lowered his dagger and pinched Alicia’s hair between his index finger and thumb, rolling it until it fell from his fingers. 
David stepped away and walked over to the wall and under a window that hung several feet above his head.I couldn’t see him very well as the shadows hid him.
“I’m sure you remember how to work the amulet, don’t you Miss Moore.”He then looked down at Alicia and ran the tip of the blade over her cheek.“Such a pretty thing and also full of power,” She flinched away and then glared at him.
He then grabbed hold of her chin tightly and ran the dagger’s tip over her right cheekbone until a delicate stream of blood rolled down Alicia’s pale skin.Her scream was muffled as she squirmed to free herself.“Let’s just call that a little of insurance—next time it will be more than just a scratch.”He turned and smiled ruefully at me.“I don’t want you to have any doubts about me.”
Alicia’s body went limp as I tried to loosen my hands again.
“David,” the man said ignoring me as I struggled to free myself.
“Yes, father,” he replied in an obedient tone, this time he briefly let his eyes fall on me.
David surfaced from the shadows as I glanced between him and his father.I looked at the two as they stood mirroring each other.David was a few inches shorter, but the resemblance was there.
The man then looked over at me.“I’m sorry, I should have introduced myself.I’m David’s father, Ulric.I am also leader of the Dragon clan that I’m sure by now, are familiar with.”
“You’re with the Alliance…” I said in a low voice.
“Yes and…no, I don’t agree with the beliefs of that organization.It has gone stagnant.I could go into great detail of my beliefs, but that really doesn’t concern you.”
“But you’re going against the Alliance.”I still was putting everything together as Ulric rolled his eyes. 
“This is what I have strived for…what all the hard work has produced…we are at the threshold of power—magic that is not tainted by the hands of another.It will be mine for the taking.The Alliance has never understood this.They could have great power of unknown worlds and expand their rule, but they choose to curl into a cocoon and hide.”He looked at David.“Go and get the box.”
David went back over to where he was standing and from a small table he carefully took a small box, about the size of a shoebox, over to his father and presented it to him.
“You see Miss Moore; I have been assembling this for a long time.Many people have stepped in my way, and well, let’s make this short…their not here anymore.I want you to know I don’t like killing people, but if they disrupt my plan—I don’t mind.”His words were exact and in a very calm tone.“You have friends—Gabe and that other boy with him, and I’m sure you wouldn’t want anything to happen to them.Do you understand what I am getting at?’ 
I shook my head in agreement as I looked at Alicia.
“Good.”He smiled.“Let’s get started.”
David’s father motioned with a nod of his head to David to untie me.David quickly undid the restraints of rope letting circulation flow through my aching hands once again.
“Come, I don’t bite.”His calm voice was pleasant and made me feel uncomfortable as he extended his hand and motioned for me to go over to a circular, glass table.“This is the original podium that this very box was crafted.Amazing isn’t it?”He asked rhetorically admiring the unadorned table of clear glass.“I have acquired many treasures like this…it’s simply remarkable.”He complimented himself.
“Now it is all coming together.The amulet…Miss Moore,” Ulric’s smooth voice deepened and his eyes darkened.
I hesitated as his eyes darkened and he stepped closer to me.
“I don’t play games.I know you have it because it was designed to find you—an impurity that was inflicted on it by your mother.”His eyes flickered, “the amulet Miss Moore!”
I could feel the amulet burn against my skin.I grabbed it by the chain pulling it out.Ulric’s eyes twinkled with contained mad delight as he placed both hands on the box.The box was simple in design, and made of what looked like a mirror, but it didn’t reflect anything surrounding it.
“I have a proposition for you Miss Moore and I’m not going to lie…I can’t do this without you to use the amulet.There is so much power, raw power that is waiting to be used.I can do many a thing with it and I need your help.”
He took a deep breath.“You see this box here,” he said moving the box so the front of it was facing me.“This box is a portal to another place, another world.It is an ancient one, much older than Eutopia.It was given as a gift at one time that turned out badly.”Gently he repositioned the box and folded his hands behind his back.“Have you heard of Pandora?”His eyes shifted to me as he stopped pacing.
I thought of Pandora-- the thrift shop owner that once had a store in St. F and later I found out was a Magical Implement Maker and tried to blame me for stealing the amulet she planted on me.“Yes,” I replied.
“Pandora--the original one was a beautiful girl.”He began the story. “A long time ago she caught the eye of…one of these otherworldly people that I call glass people.Anyhow, the story goes on of their love for each other, passion that drove them to risk everything, desire for no other … and blah, blah, blah about how they want to be together, but they couldn’t.A box was made as a way to continue their relationship.It was simply a portal and Pandora was never to open it herself, but wait until it was opened from the other side.She obeyed until days turned into months and soon a year went by. Her needs of her otherworldly lover grew to be too great, and when she opened it—it was too late to close it. 
 Her lover was not there, but an army of glass people that cursed Pandora’s world.They didn’t want to be found out and our knowledge of them was our curse.They released bits of magic all over Eutopia knowing that the effects of it would be our own downfall.With magic spawned ignorant greed—we didn’t know how to use magic and therefore, we succumbed to it.Wars, diseases that we designed to destroy one another, spread throughout the lands.The glass people didn’t have to do a thing—just let the magic do the work for them.Our stupid ignorance destroyed us—until now.”Ulric’s eyes gleamed.“I have the knowledge and the ability to control the magic like no one has before.Just think Miss Moore, the cure to all the illnesses that have plagued not only Atlantis, but Earth as well, is in this box.”
Slowly, and almost as if he was performing a sacred ritual, Ulric barely ran his hands over the box whispering something that sounded like chanting.The box began to glow in cool, silver light that veined through the air reaching out towards me, towards the amulet.The vining tendrils faded in their delicateness barely reaching me.Ulric turned to me and opened the box.






Chapter Seven
I expected there to be a flash of light, an explosion or the army of glass people that Ulric described, but only a small swirl of grey smoke rolled from the open lid.
Ulric burrowed his eyes and looked at the box as if he was expecting something bigger than the puny puff of smoke.
“What--” he started to speak when the door burst open nearly taking it off its hinges.
Gabe’s eyes pierced mine for only a second as I let out a quick sigh of relief.From behind him and like a second shadow, Ethan curled in behind Gabe and lunged for David.
Taken by surprise, David was knocked to the ground, but quickly got up as soon as he hit the ground.He expelled two silver disks from his hand towards Ethan who twisted into a graceful turn letting the poisoned disks embed safely into the wall behind him.
“Use the amulet!”Ulric grabbed my arm tightly, “Now!”
I pulled back letting my arm slip through his until he cinched down on my wrist like a vise.
Suddenly, a silver-blue blade flashed in front of my face severing Ulric’s hand.Black blood spurted out splattering to the floor as he clutched where his hand once was.Gabe pushed me out of the way and I fell backwards to floor as he turned his head and yelled at me in a silent scream.Every movement, every expression moved in slow motion.I couldn’t move and sat frozen in the surreal visions of flashing silver blades, grey smoke tendrils that curled around and around everything like vines. 
From the boiling smoke, I could see Zach fighting with David, then, a flash of Claire’s red hair, Ian and his blue eyes met mine.Ian tried to come to me when he too was pulled backwards almost like a fish caught on a hook that was being reeled to shore.I couldn’t tell if the fragments of what I was seeing were dreams or reality.
I heard no sound, though I knew it was there.I could see David lift his hands throwing Ethan to the wall behind him.From behind David, like a watery image, Caleb appeared jumping onto David’s back, both fell to the ground.Aria, with her eyes of topaz, burned in contrast to the grey smoke, changed into a beast and pounced on Ulric throwing his twirling blade through the air.I could see Gabe sitting on the ground and then rolling to his side.His body hunched over in pain as the smoke curled around him.My heart raced as I tried to get up.
“Come to us child of the Crystal City.”A voice echoed in my head.“We are waiting…”
“No,” I said, but couldn’t hear my voice.
 I tried to push against the force that encased me.On my hands and knees, I slowly forced myself to crawl towards them.I tried calling to Gabe as Aria changed back into human form and crouched beside him.She took off her cape and threw it over him like a shadow as her eyes scorched through the curling fog.
“You must go through the portal…Emily, my daughter, go!”Aria continued to stare at me with her unmoving lips.The voice was not hers, but of my mother.“It is the only way now.”
The box skidded across the floor and rested in front of me with lid opened as if welcoming me to the Black Abyss.The amulet pulled me closer like a magnet to metal.I hunched over supporting myself on bent arms.I kept yelling out for help and Gabe’s name, but everything had become encased in a silent fog.Then, out of desperation to relieve myself from the burning amulet, I pulled at the chain, snapping it in half and throwing it to the box.
“Yes, child of the Crystal City, it is you who we want.You stole our amulet and you bring it back to us…such a noble thing,” a voice said.
“Should we give her a reward?”Another voice teasingly asked.
“What if we keep her as a pet?”
I could hear other voices murmur around me, deliberating my fate.
“Stop!” I yelled as suddenly two glowing eyes of amber burned in front of me.
I was pulled upright, lights flashed and the fading voices protested until all I could hear was the sound of the wind and the beating of my heart.
I wasn’t sure if I was running or being carried.Everything was a blur of swirling grey smoke and then giant plumes of glitter fell like graceful, dead birds exploding in puffs of silver when they hit the ground.
I was still in motion, going past the same monotone scenery for what seemed like hours.I tried to move, but strong arms held me tight.I pushed against them, not knowing who had me.
“If you don’t stop, I will drop you.”Quil looked at me with his golden eyes and slowing his pace.
We stopped and I pushed myself away from him.“Gabe, I have to get back to him…”I choked out with tears threatening behind my eyes.
Quil only looked at me with his inquisitive stare.“We can’t,” he simply stated.“We are caught between the portal—the threshold between Eutopia and the Black Abyss.”
“How do we get back?”I asked as Quil’s eyes scanned the bleakness of the surroundings. 
“I’ve never been here. We are just going to have to find a way out.”
I looked away, wrapped my arms tightly around my stomach and tried to hold back tears.I couldn’t stop worrying about Gabe.I wanted to feel his hand in mine again.I thought I lost him before and I didn’t want to let it happen again.
“Stop it!”Quil hissed in front of me.“You’re not the only one with many things at stake.”
I glared slightly at him. “You don’t have to be so insensitive...and I have ones I care about too.”
Quil shook his head and made a sound that sounded like a huff.“You don’t get it yet.”His voice edged with disappointment.“What about all the others that have lost so much to that Wall?Don’t you think they suffer too?You are so wrapped up in your own worries that you are blind to what is around you.”Quil turned so his back was to me.An unmoving silence surrounded as I pondered his words and still felt too much of my own worries to even think of others.“I have dreamed of you.Premonitions, you might call them.” His words were soft as if remembering a fond childhood memory and nearly made me stop breathing.“A princess would come from a great distance and set right what was wrong and by doing so open the eyes of so many to see things in a different way.She was a noble person, a kind person,” Quil turned and came towards me, voice raised.“She would be a leader and…compassion, would be her weapon where others have used force, she would use her heart instead.”
I stood there looking at him.His eyes turned cold and hard, but burned like they were on fire.I looked away, no longer suppressing my tears.
“I didn’t choose to do this.”My voice was weak, I turned away from him, closed my eyes and wished this all away.I didn’t want to hear what he had to say.
Quil took in a deep breath and let it out in a sigh.“That’s an excuse.”His voice was bitter.“You have a gift and more power in you than you think.You can undo this and stop something that will ruin so many lives, but you don’t see outside your world.”He grabbed me by the shoulder and turned me to face him.“There is so much more to Emily Moore’s life than what is only a few feet surrounding her.”His eyes searched mine as if looking for what impression his words had made on me.
“I…I don’t know how…”
Suddenly, the white fog that surrounded us swirled like rippling water that a fish would make just before breaking the surface.Echoing all around were the whispers and moans that twirled by us like a merry-go-round.
I looked at Quil as he pulled a silver blade from his side that glowed orange.We watched the boiling fog curl around us in a teasingly way.Quil shifted his weight as if he didn’t know if we should run or stay put.
I couldn’t keep my eyes off of the white mist that slowly showed glimpses of shadowy figures walking, encircling us.
“What do we do?”I asked looking in all directions and could see more faces along with legs, arms, and hands with fingers spread apart as if pressed against glass.
“We must be in a barrier.”Quil looked all around trying to find something.“Over there.”He pointed behind me to a grey area that was void of any of the gathering people.
He grabbed my arm just as something curled around my wrist.Its iciness numbed my skin as it curled tighter like a strangling vine.It pulled at me, overpowering and releasing Quil’s grip on my other wrist.I was thrust backwards into the swallowing mist.
I felt my body being passed from hand to hand like I was in a sea of people.No faces made themselves known, but I could hear their pleased hisses and moans.
“Let her go!” a woman’s voice said.
The voices grew with anger and I was dropped to the ground.I jumped up not knowing what way to go when a woman with golden hair and a silver-white blade in her hand slashed at the mist.
The voices receded and I was left looking at the blonde haired woman who smiled back at me as she put her sword back into its sheath. 
“Emily, we can’t stay here, come.” She held out her hand.
“Mother,” I questioned taking her hand that was like holding an ice cube.
“Yes…and no.” Her voice was sweet.
She pulled me through the depthless mist as eerie sounds of moaning, whining, and high pitched cries sounded in the distance.
“Emily,” she said standing in front of me barely touching the side of my cheek.I flinched slightly at the unexpected sting of her touch.“I have given you a gift that you must use.The Wall must be destroyed and the Alliance must survive.The battle has just begun and the glass people of Pandora’s Box have awakened.The amulet,” she reached for my hand and placed it in my palm closing my fingers around it.I had almost forgotten that I threw it into the box in haste as it burned my skin.Now, it was cool and almost comforting.“This has belonged to many, but now it belongs to you. You are dominate above all others who are tied to it.You have the power of the Unseen.Take it and destroy the Wall and the Dragon clan…destroy…”Suddenly her image became fuzzy and shifted like a television loosing reception.“The Dragon clan…des…” her image was gone and I was alone.
“Don’t leave me….Mom!” I yelled like a lost child and began to cry.
I sank to my knees and felt it safe to let myself cry.Everything had come down on me all at once and in the loneliness, I was secure that no one would see me.I didn’t know what way to go, what to do, or how I was going to get out.I kept looking around for my mother’s image to transform out of the rolling mist, but nothing surfaced and without a plan, I laid on the cool ground.Surrounded in bleakness, I looked up at the white that blanketed me.I waited for something to take me.I was alone, my mother was just an image--gone and I started to think of Gabe when suddenly a shadow flew over.Immediately, I sat up and looked around.
After several moments of silence, I decided to break it.“Who’s there?” I asked with no reply.
“What were you going to do…sit here until the glass people found you?” a voice said behind me.
I stood up with my heart beating in my throat, but relieved that Quil had found me.
“Where were you?”I demanded.
Quil looked at me with his steady eyes.“I found a passage—a way out of here.Let’s go.”He turned into the mist and I followed barely keeping up.
Quil looked behind a few times to see if I was still there, but kept his pace as I stumbled along.
“I can’t keep up.”I protested.
Quil stopped and turned to face me with his topaz eyes.“I suggest you be quiet and do keep up, unless you want to meet our friends again.”
His words were cool as he turned away from me.
I followed in silence and aggravated at Quil.He was cold and insensitive.I didn’t want to think about anything right now but getting back to Gabe and the rest of the Blackbirds.
I nearly ran into Quil’s back when he suddenly stopped in front of me.I looked up to see the mist had given way to a large silver barrier of glass.It reflected our image in a hazy glow.
“The barrier is thin here.I can see a forest beyond it.”Quil looked down at me as I could only see our reflection.“Let’s go.”
“How are we getting through it?”I asked trying to see the forest that he said was there.
“Stand back,” he said starting to turn into Ranger form.
His body hunched over and in the matter of seconds, he transformed into a beast that towered over me.His glowing eyes pierced through mine.His muscles flexed and he snarled slightly at me.I took several steps away from him as he stepped backwards and then hurled himself through the mirror shattering it into a fine mist of silver flakes that fell like tiny snowflakes.
I stood taking in the rush of fresh air filled with the rich scents of a mellow soil, the sweet fragrance of blossoming flowers and warmth that curled around me.Quickly, I stepped through and looked back at the grey void that echoed with screams in the distance.
“Close it!”Quil yelled as he transformed back into human form.
With shaking hand, I lifted the amulet and retraced the jagged edges just as the voices came nearer.
“Hurry!”Quil commanded behind me.
“I am!”I yelled back frantically trying to seal the other side.
My hand shook and it was hard to follow the jagged lines of the broken mirror.Something then pressed against it bulging out the remaining opening.White-grey smoke curled around like a fluid vine through the small section that I was trying to seal.It wrapped around my wrist, caressing my skin and tightening its grip around me.I tried to push upward as the force of the glass people tried to pull me in.
Quil stood behind me and squeezed my hand with the amulet in it.With his strength, I slowly began to close the gap when just breaths away from my face, two eyes burned in front of me.
Taken by surprise, I screamed and tried to recoil away, when Quil pressed me forward and tightened the grip on my hand.The face of the glass person was in front of me and snarled like a caged animal.With large eyes, silver scales glistening on its forehead, and white hair that swirled towards me like tentacles of an octopus that began to stick to my face and even entangled in my own hair.
“Child of the Crystal City…you won’t get away…”Its voice hissed in warning just as Quil pushed my hand past its face, stretching my arm over my head, and finally connected the seal.
The glass people’s echoes of cries suddenly where cut off and quietness surrounded us.Quil released his grip and stepped back.I stood looking at the dense, moss covered forest.The mirror that I had sealed was gone, like it had never existed.
“Where are we, where do we go now, how do we get back to everyone?”I asked with my arms feeling like noodles and shaking the image of the glass person from my mind.
“How am I supposed to know?’His words were sharp.
“Well, we need to find out.I thought you lived here,” I said as his eyes only scanned the landscape.
He then stopped and looked at me with slightly burning eyes.“How do we even know we are still in Eutopia?That opening could have led us anywhere.I know no more than you Emily Moore.”He said my name with disgust as he turned and took a few steps away from me.
I ran my fingers through my hair.“Look, I…”
“I know what you’re going to say.”He turned quickly and gazed at me with his topaz eyes.“This is all new to you, you had no idea or any inclination that anything of this magnitude could ever happen.You lived a quiet life of unexpected incidences…until you or actually the amulet found you and changed your life.Stop with the excuses.”
I glared at him.His eyes were steady, unmoving.I had no intention of saying any of that and it angered me that he jumped to that conclusion.
“I was going to say thanks for helping me—with the mirror.”I used a calm voice and motioned behind me to where the mirror was.
He gave me a blank look at first like he had never been thanked before.I stood waiting for a reply or an apology as I crossed my arms.Quil shifted his weight and cleared his throat.
“Where’s the amulet?”His voice softened as he stared at me.I guess that was his apology.
I kept my hand clenched around it tightly as not to lose it.Slowly, I opened my palm and looked down at the amulet only it wasn’t the amulet I was expecting to see.The once silver-blue, teardrop shaped stone had changed into something else.I stared at it and Quil sensing something wrong walked over and stood beside me.We both gazed at the heart shaped stone that had swirling colors of blues, yellows and oranges.The fragments of color glittered like stars and shifted into one another as I tilted it side to side.The amulet was light and cool in my hand.I didn’t feel it trying to reach out to me and grab hold trying to pull me closer into it.It had a different feel, a comfort that felt secure to me.
“When did this happen?”Quil asked.
“I don’t know.”I mumbled still staring at it.
“This can’t be good,” he said looking down at it.
“Why not?” I asked looking at him and putting the amulet around my neck.“Just because something changes doesn’t mean it isn’t good.”
“And you have had experience with magical implements before all of this.So that makes you the expert,” he said being sarcastic.
“I didn’t say I was an expert—you shouldn’t just come to that conclusion.”
“I’m not coming to a conclusion—there are many things that you shouldn’t take for granted and to jump into something prematurely, isn’t wise.”
“You also can’t assume that it’s bad.”I retorted.
Quil looked down at me with his golden eyes that were disturbing as well as enchanting.I wanted to pull away and couldn’t, it was like staring at a car crash in slow motion.
“You shouldn’t let something attached to your mother cloud your judgment to thinking it is good.”His words were soft and edged with a slight tenderness as if he knew something I didn’t.
I shrugged my shoulders.“It has a different feel to it.Like something nice and comforting,” I said as I looked at it in its defense.“Maybe it was my mother that did it.I saw her inside the box and she said she gave me a gift and that we need to take the amulet back to Atlantis.The Wall has to be destroyed another way.”
Quil let out a sigh and turned from me.“We have better find shelter.Night will be coming and I’m not sure where we’re at.”
The forest had moss sticking to it everywhere.The trunks of the trees look liked they had been rolled in green carpeting, and the soft, mellow ground reeked of a decomposing, earthy stench.The air was still and moist almost reminding me a prehistoric jungle exhibit at a museum.Everything hung in stillness as if it hadn’t moved in centuries. The green moss wrapped around the trees like they were mummies, and hung from the half dead branches like stringy hair.There was no sound of any birds, bugs or anything except for out quiet footsteps.
Quil, I could only guess through some Ranger sense, seemed to be following something as he moved through the pillars of half decaying trees as if he knew where he was going.I wanted to ask him about Ian and how he got here with Claire and Zach, but I didn’t.I still wasn’t sure if it was a dream, vision, or something I only thought I was seeing.
“There’s a stream over there,” he said turning to glance back at me.
“How do you know?’I asked.
“I can hear it-your ears aren’t like mine.”
Within minutes we were standing at a wide stream.Here the forest opened slightly and a few living things other than moss grew around the stream’s edge.Rocks, about the size of my head, protruded from the shallow, clear stream that trickled slowly and seemed to be the only thing moving in the forest. 
“We will cross and see what is on the other side.If there is anyone around here—you can usually find life at any water’s edge.”
I didn’t worry too much about crossing as the water looked like it would barely cover my ankles.
Quil went first and I followed.The water was cool and the rocks shifted under my feet.I looked down to see smaller rocks of various colors embedded in the sandy bottom.We were about half way across when suddenly the water level lowered and started flowing in the opposite direction as if something upstream was sucking it back.
Quil stopped and watched it receded leaving the naked rocks protruding from the sandy bottom.
“Run, quickly!” he yelled grabbing hold of my hand.
I stumbled over the rocks as tiny droplets of water fell overhead and a rushing sound echoed in the distance.
Without warning a tidal wave of water crashed down on us like a wild beast.My hand left Quil’s and I was pushed away from him by its force.My head rose and fell through the surface of the water, each time I gasped for breath.My feet never touched the bottom as I fruitlessly tried to swim in some direction or grasp onto the overhanging branches as I went by them in a blur.Then, something latched onto my ankle and pulled.It felt like a strong hand with sharp claws.I kicked at it until I couldn’t keep my head above water no more and gave in to its strength.
The rush of the water pushed at me.I did manage to break the surface a few times and then, it seemed to grow in depth and strength.The force pushed at me as whatever had my ankle tightened its hold as I tumbled like a fishing lure twirling through the water.It continued to move faster and increased with strength.My arms and the rest of my body were no match to its power.My body trembled for air that I feared I would never draw in again.For a split second I thought of Gabe as the water rushed past me like speeding cars until it was gone.
I could feel an iciness brush past my face as I still held my breath.I could hold it no longer and drew in what I thought would be water, but was air.I opened my eyes to see in the distance trees and blue skies dotted with puffy clouds.I tilted my head upward, which was actually downward, and saw a river rushing by like a ribbon of blue through the green forest.I watched the remaining tiny droplets of water fall like a gentle spring rain to the gully below. I dangled precariously over the edge.Whatever had my ankle tightened.
“Don’t move!Just let me pull you up because you’re slipping.”Quil’s voice commanded.
He lifted me up in one movement.Immediately, I felt for the amulet and it was still around my neck.Quil was in beast form and I looked at his dripping, water logged fur. We stood facing one another and I was about to thank him when he shook the moisture from his brown fur.I turned my face as he finished spraying me with more water.
“Come on, I know where we are at now,” he said now in human form.“We are near my people’s home.”
“Do you think everyone is there? I mean the Blackbirds, Aria--” I asked with my knees still wobbling with fear of nearly falling to my death.I couldn’t say Gabe’s name as a lump of worry formed in my throat.“What was that anyhow—the water?”
“Let’s go,” was all Quil said.
 Quil moved with great speed and I ran behind him as best I could.Quil was no gentleman and gave no heed to what I have been through.I didn’t want to appear weak in front of him, the last thing I wanted was to be the damsel in distress—I hate them, always waiting to be rescued, even though I felt like acting that out right about now.
The forest had turned to a meadow with long blades of grass, delicate flowers small in size bloomed here and there over the rolling hills.We didn’t go very far from the river when Quil stopped on a crest of a large hill.
“Why are we stopping?”
My question was answered by several Rangers standing like statues at the edge of the forest that looked like a big, green curtain framing them.They looked at us for a moment in silence all the time staring at Quil.They then turned and single file disappeared into the foliage. 
“What are they doing?”
“We can follow them,” he said skidding down the hill and looking back up at me.

I followed Quil into the thick forest until we reached a small opening, circular in shape with tree houses nestled in the branches of the massive trees.Elaborate rope bridges connected the homes and looked like garland strung overhead with small lanterns hanging every so often illuminating the rope pathway.There were men, women and children all looking the same in appearance.They were all dark with golden eyes that glanced at me with uncertain curiosity.I tried not to make too much eye contact as I followed Quil.No one said anything, not even the people who stared at us, our presence had hushed everything and all of their golden eyes focused on us.
We went up a ladder and into one of the tree houses that had a small fire of blue flames.It was the same fire, Dragon’s fire, that Caleb had at his house.Before I could think too much or worry too much about them, my eyes met several glowing eyes that glared back at me.
“Are you sure this is the girl?”The oldest looking man asked the younger men, about Quil’s age seated to each side of him.
“That is what he said and they made it through the river.That can only mean one thing.”
The old man gazed at me the same way Quil did—without any hint of what they were thinking.He did this for a few moments and I wasn’t sure if I should say something.
“Humph,” the man finally said.“You have your mother’s appearance and the same strength in her eyes.”His tone wasn’t filled with the fondness of a memory, but more of an observance.
“And this is the chosen one…” the young man said sitting next to him, but was stopped when the old man raised his hand.
“I know who he is and he knows who we are.We don’t see eye to eye though, but that is something we must put aside as something greater threatens us both.”
“He is a traitor—all of them.They gave into those Wall lovers.They protect it, guard it and they are so stupid that one day it will consume them as well,” said the same boy.
His long, dark hair was pulled back and his golden eyes pierced mine.I held my stance, but felt like I wanted to hide behind Quil to get away from those eyes.The boy gazed at Quil waiting for a retort or at least say something in defense.Quil did nothing, sat there and held his ground like he had turned into an unmovable, quiet rock.I couldn’t stand the pending silence anymore.
“He isn’t a traitor.”I blurted out.Quil edged his shoulder in front of me and glared at me with his burning eyes.I stepped back as the boy snickered and turned his face to the shadows.
“Enough, all of this.Time is running out and we will all perish soon if the Wall isn’t destroyed and the Black Abyss sealed.That I’m sure we can all agree on.”The room fell silent.“All of you are dismissed.I wish to speak to Emily and the Outlander in private.”
The boy started to say something but was stopped when the old man raised his hand without looking at him.The boy glared at Quil for a split second then left quickly and followed by the others.
“You knew my mother?”I asked looking down at the old man.
“Yes, and time we do not have to discuss this.You must go back to the others.The amulet mustn’t be here…it’s followed by blackness.”His words were quick as his eyes shifted from me to Quil.“As many have told you before, you have the key to do many things.The amulet is a living thing and I can feel your mother’s presence is strong over the rest.But, the glass people won’t rest for long.The amulet must go back to Atlantis and taken to the portal maker.He is the only one capable of doing this task.”
“Who’s the portal maker?”I asked.
He gave me a blank look, like I should know.“Your time is up here.You know the portal maker well. The glass people mustn’t know of us.We are the last of the true Eutopians and if we are lost, so is Eutopia.”He raised his arm as black smoke began to fill the room.“Quil, Aria will be waiting for you.”
I tried to get up, but Quil pulled me close to him.I looked at the old man’s face.His eyes were closed and I stared at him wanting to know more until the grey smoke engulfed us into a fog.Everything faded into a surrounding stillness.The tree house had dissolved and I wondered if we were in the Black Abyss again.The grey fog began to swirl and the rushing air whistled in my ears.I closed my eyes tightly as the breath was nearly taken away from me.
Just as quickly as everything enclosed around us, it dissipated like the sun burning off a morning fog.Moisture seeped into my pants, chilling my skin.The air was fresh and full of moisture.I kept my eyes shut for a moment and then slowly opened them.
The lushness of a green forest dripping with water encircled us.I could only wonder where we were and then I realized I was facing Quil.
His arms were still around me and our faces were breaths away.His topaz eyes contrasted with the variegated green hues of the forest.He didn’t let his hold on me lessen as I let my eyes entangle with his.
“I think you can let go of me now.”I managed to say and slightly squirm from his strong arms.
A flash of surprise filled his eyes as if he was in a trance that my words had broken.“We have to find Aria and if the Shaman does as he usually does, he sent us close to where she is.”Quil got up and looked around.
“The man in the tree house was a Shaman—you mean like a fortune teller?”
Quil took a deep breath.“He is older than the Wall and has much knowledge of Eutopia and its ancient ways.He is in hiding with his people protecting him.Aria is his daughter and she sought out to destroy the Wall in her own way that wasn’t approved by him or the other leaders.She is strong willed and very cunning.She chose to protect the Wall to get close to it and hopefully one day watch it be destroyed.”
“You forgot to say how quiet I am and my ability to sneak up on anyone.”I turned to see Aria leaning against a tree.“Come on, it isn’t safe here.”
She turned into the forest like a shadow.Quil’s face grew pale as he followed her and I followed Quil.
I couldn’t see Aria as if she blended in with the forest, but Quil kept a slower pace and waited several times for me to catch up.The forest was pathless and fallen trees leaned among the living covered in thick, green moss.Quil leaped over them like they were merely pebbles on a road.I wasn’t as agile and climbed over the trunks slowing our pace.
“We’re just about there,” Quil said in a reassuring voice.
His eyes met mine as I straddled a large tree trunk.I stopped for a moment taken by his sudden concern as he waited for me.Our eyes again connected into something I couldn’t describe.I felt it was dangerous to stare into them, like they were a vortex of sharply cut topaz stones, beautiful as well as deadly.Suddenly, he slowly extended his hand and nodded for me to take it.
His skin was hot, like someone with a fever but strong like I was grasping onto steel that was covered by skin.I swung my other leg over and landed on the ground with both feet in one quick movement.
Quil’s eyes never left mine and I nodded as I pulled my hand from his.
“Hurry, we’re here!”Aria’s voice echoed through the trees.
We ran after Aria through the maze of trees.Quil ran behind me and as much as I wanted to look back at him, I couldn’t.His stare, the way he looked at me and his touch that felt warm and tantalizing, but I knew it wasn’t right.I still had feelings for Gabe.Quil was like an infected mosquito bite to me; it felt good to itch, but afterwards throbbed with pain.I have never felt this way for anyone before and I wasn’t going to let it cloud my judgment.
“Em!”Claire’s voice pierced the warm air.“Em!”She now ran full bore towards me with her red hair pulled back into bouncing curls.
“Oh, I thought I wouldn’t see you again.”She wrapped her arms around my neck nearly choking me.
“I’m here, I’m alright.”I tried to reassure her as I wrapped my arms around her.
“Where’s Gabe?”I pulled myself away from her and grasped onto her arms.
“Your sweetheart is over there, princess,” Caleb said motioning with his hand to where he laid.
I ran to him and looked down at his pale face.
“Gabe,” I said in a soft voice as Zach knelt on his other side.
Slowly his eyes opened and met mine.
“I’m fine Em.Don’t worry.”His voice was weak and looked at me with his grey eyes that forced to stay open.I looked up at Zach asking for the real diagnosis.
Zach looked at me and smiled.“I think he’s just playing you for all its worth Em, he’ll be fine.Alicia already healed most of the scratch.”
“Scratch--” Gabe questioned as his closing eyes popped open.“It was more than that.”He tried to move and then closed his eyes tightly wincing in pain.
“Don’t move too much,” Zach said guiding him back down.“I think you’re just trying to impress Em here, but we do need to get back to Atlantis and you don’t have to lead the way this time.”
 I looked at Gabe and then at Zach who got up putting on his cowboy hat as he turned his head away from me and went over to talk to Caleb.
I ran my hand over the side of Gabe’s cheek.
“It’s going to be O.K.”I tried to sound reassuring.
Gabe smiled at me.“I know it is because you’re here.”His shaking hand reached for mine.
I laced my fingers in his and for the first time they felt stronger than his.I could feel it run through me like ice water—Gabe had more than a scratch—he was dying.I didn’t let my sudden realization show on my face.I smiled at him and ran my fingers through his gold hair.I watched him until his eyes closed and he fell asleep.Then I began to cry.
“It’s alright Em, we found a way back to Atlantis and Abe will be able to help us.We are fixing the portal.”Claire wrapped her arms around me and pulled me to my feet.Abe was the current leader of the Blackbirds and was a mentor to Gabe.
“What is it?What happened?”My voice trembled.
“Gabe was poisoned and I don’t know how to cure it,” Zach finally said as he turned to me.“It was something about Ulric’s sword—poisoned by something.”
I looked at Zach who always seemed happy, but now had a shadow cast over his face and an uncertainty in his eyes that I knew he didn’t want to show me.
“We’ll figure it out, don’t worry,” Caleb said.
Claire still had her arm around me as Caleb and Zach tried to sound reassuring.
“I know what it is,” Quil announced kneeling beside Gabe, “its poison form the glass people, I’ve seen it before and there is one cure I know that works.”






Chapter Eight
Before anyone could say a word, Quil had his sleeve rolled up and took from his belt a knife.I gasped as a thin line of black blood surfaced from his forearm.Quil looked at me and then Gabe.
“No Quil!”Aria yelled. “You don’t know if that really works—it’s hearsay.”
Quil let the blood trickle down his arm and then looked up at Caleb.“Go get something to put it in—a cup.”
Aria knelt beside Quil and whispered in his ear as Caleb and Zach found a cup.I started to walk over when Ian grabbed me by the shoulder and shook his head.
“Are you crazy?”Aria kept protesting to Quil.“Ranger blood is potent as much as any other poison.He is better off with trying to get the portal to work and send them to their world.”
“He’ll be dead by then.”Quil’s words were soft as he filled the cup with his black blood.
Quil’s eyes met mine as he sat back and let Caleb and Zach have Gabe drink Quil’s blood.
“Are you sure this will work?”Alicia asked with Quil’s eyes staring at hers.“Promise me it will work!”Alicia demanded pointing her finger at him.Her face was pale, but her voice was strong.
Quil only nodded to her as Caleb pressed the cup to Gabe’s lips. 
“He’ll be fine now…I can see your heart is with him…there has been enough death on Eutopian soil.”Quil’s mouth didn’t move, but his voice was as clear in my head as if he had spoken them.
Aria got up and stood a distance away glaring at Quil, then at me.
“He risks this for you…”Her voice filled my head as she went to join Ethan who stood in front of a large wood frame.
I looked at the structure with its intertwining vines that were rectangular in shape and reminded me of an empty picture frame.
The sound of Gabe coughing took my attention away from it and I went over to his side.Already color was returning to his face and his eyes sparkled when they met mine.I smiled back at him as Caleb and Zach were on either side of him.I sat behind Caleb and reached for Gabe’s hand as I looked up to where Quil was standing.I wanted to thank him, but he was leaning against a tree a distance away.
I looked back at Gabe who had shut his eyes and was sleeping.
“I can’t believe it worked…do you know how close that was…”Zach said to Caleb with a slightly shaking voice.
Zach covered his face with his hands as he sat with bent knees on the ground beside Gabe.Caleb patted Zach on the shoulders.“It looks like your friend is going to live.”
I sat beside Zach and watched with him as Gabe slept.
“He’s the one that recruited me.”Zach started to say in a low voice.“I would still be in the Shilands if it wasn’t for Gabe.”He looked at me.“I owe him a lot.”
I smiled back as I couldn’t help but to be drawn away by two piercing topaz eyes.Quil watched from a distance.I excused myself from Zach and went over to him.
“If you came to thank me, don’t.I did it because I wanted to, not to save anyone heartache.”His words were dry.
“Well, I still want to thank you—the words you said—“
“—were nothing more than an observation,” Quil said as he joined Aria around the portal with Ian, Claire, Ethan and Alicia.

Ian worked feverishly on the portal as I sat beside Gabe.His color had returned and he opened his eyes a few times as I held his hand.I could still feel Quil’s eyes on me from the edge of the forest.I tried to ignore him and watched Ian sit beside the portal exhausted instead.
“He looks better,” Alicia said from behind me.“It’s a good thing that worked.”Her eyes pierced the forest to where Quil stayed in the shadows.
“He helped him, helped us and that’s all that matters,” I replied as Alicia handed me a drink of water.My lips were chapped and my throat was so dry I could hardly get the water down my throat.I took a few sips until it was gone.“Thanks, I didn’t realize how thirsty I was.”
“Your brother is getting on my nerves.Ian’s having trouble with the portal and no one can help him.You might want to go over and try. I can watch your prince here for you.”Alicia looked down at me with her dark hair framing her white skin.
“I don’t know anything—wait, how—did Gabe--” I turned and looked at Alicia wondering how she knew Ian was my brother.
“You and Ian have similar auras even though you’re only half siblings.That’s how I know.I could see it a little when you first came, but that is when I was just starting to see them.I knew for sure when we were on David’s ship and if Ian was anything like you--”
“You knew he might be able to receive messages.That is why you had me try to send one”I finished her sentence and remembered her wanting me to send a distress call from David’s ship after he kidnapped me and Alicia who posed as his spy.
“Yeah, well, I find the whole thing disturbingly interesting R-girl, so…my concern is Gabe.”She said his name in a low voice looking over her shoulder.“Look, a lot hangs in the balance, things I never thought would, but Gabe really likes you and it’s good to see him happy because he is like a brother to me, so…what I’m saying is…don’t break his heart if it lies with another.”Alicia got up with her eyes on the edge of the forest.
She could see what I only denied.Quil was something different, something I couldn’t understand and something out of my reach.I pushed what Alicia said away as she motioned with a nod of her head to go over to Ian.
In the openness of the meadow Ian stood trying to trace a line in mid-air.His lines of silver were graceful and fluid, but quickly faded into dust just as he finished drawing them.He didn’t see me or notice my footsteps as the portal had his full attention.I wasn’t sure how I was going to help.
“It’s no use!”Ian threw a clear, pencil –like glass rod to the ground.It embedded into the ground like a harpoon just by my foot.
I stopped and looked at the sharp object as Ian turned around surprised.
“Oh, Emily…I didn’t know you were behind me.Sorry.” He said as I pulled the glass rod from the ground.
“It’s alright, no damage done.”I handed it to him.“I’m glad to see you’re alright.”
He looked at me with his blue eyes that nearly matched the sky.“The Outlanders are good people, that is why we have to save this place and the son of a portal maker can’t even make a portal to save not only his own skin, but a whole world.”He looked down at the glass rod.
“This is how Zach and Claire got here, but now the etch doesn’t work, and there is no reason why it shouldn’t.It brought them here…even with Zach using it and now I can’t even get it to hold a line.I even made the thing in Atlantis.”He looked at the rod in his hand.The glass was clear as water and amplified the lines in his hand as he rolled it back and forth.“Maybe it has something to do with Eutopia.”
I took my eyes from it and looked at Ian.“What about the amulet?Why not use it instead?”I asked pulling it out.
The heart shape pendant burned with flecks of red and orange at the same time glowed with the coolness of blues and greens.
Ian’s eyes widened.“What happened to it?”
“It changed when I was in the Abyss,” I said.“My mother was there and she said to take it back to Atlantis—the Wall has to be destroyed another way to stop the glass people and David.”
“And his father too.The Dragon clan is gaining power over the rest of the Alliance—that is what Zach said.”Ian looked steadily at me.“Atlantis is changing Emily, and I can’t do a thing with this.”He shoved the etch into a leather holster he had on his belt.
He took a deep breath and looked at the amulet.Slowly he lifted it and ran his thumb gently over it as the shifting colors responded by swirling from his touch.
“There’s a battle going on in there and I can feel a part of you in it, a part of you that is stronger than the rest.”Ian let the pendant go and I caught it before it touched my skin.I then pinched it between my fingers.
“I don’t trust it because last time I used it, it brought us here, but I’m getting nowhere with my etch.”He turned and faced the openness of the countryside where he had tried to make a portal.“When you make a portal you have to make sure it is facing open sky—space, that is the key to good portal making.Next you clear your thoughts and think of where you want to go.The place has to be clear in your mind, so vivid that you can almost smell it and feel it.Remember how the waves crash onto the beaches of Atlantis,” Ian motioned for me to take the amulet in my hand, “remember how the air smelled of the sweet passion flowers that grow wild there.”
He stood behind me and grabbed my hand in his.I pinched the amulet so the pointed end was exposed.I thought of Atlantis and the waves that caressed the pink sands and the salty sweet air that curled around Gabe and me as we walked along the beach.My hand that had the amulet in it grew warm and vibrated slightly as I looked up at Ian’s arm extended over mine, almost as if we were one.
Liquid silver flashed from under its tip as my thoughts clung to Atlantis.Ian gently pulled at my hand downward carving a burning line in mid-air.My hand shook and when it did the line waved slightly and then straightened as Ian tightened his grip.Even though I couldn’t see everyone, I could feel their presence.
“Is this going to work?”I asked Ian in my thoughts.
“Don’t talk, just concentrate,” he replied.“You’re doing good.”
The pendant grew hotter between my fingers and my arm shook.Weakness started to fill into every part of me and if Ian wasn’t standing behind me, I would have crumpled to the ground.
We now traced the silver line up the other side and almost to the top when I felt Ian pull away from me.My hand shook uncontrollably as I cried out his name.I didn’t know what was happening, but continued to push the pendant almost reaching the start when I could feel the amulet slipping from my fingers that had gone numb.I had no control over them and just as I could see the amulet slip from my useless fingers, another hand grasped onto mine.
His touch was cold and sudden, like bare skin touching metal exposed to the coldness of winter.I gasped as the hand forced mine to connect the lines.I knew the portal was complete and in my weakness, my thoughts of Atlantis were fragmented.I could only hope that we would make it.

The first thing I noticed was the crashing of waves that were rhythmic like a beating heart.I listened to them for a while as my senses slowly came to me.I opened my eyes to see cream colored, gauzy material flapping in the air overhead.Everything was quiet as I propped myself up and looked around.
I was alone, on a beach with pink sands and blue water that mingled with the sky in the same hues.If I had to guess, I would have guessed I was in Atlantis, but where was everyone?
I sat up and looked around the small tent like structure with walls of the same gauzy material.My head felt heavy, but there was still no sign of anyone, so I slowly stood up and pulled back the flap that was blowing in the wind.
I looked in every direction.There was no sign of anyone.My heart began to race as I closed my eyes and tried to send a message to Ian and Karrina as well.
I waited a few moments for a reply, but all that I heard was the wind and waves.Maybe my message would take a little while to reach them.
I stepped out into the sand and looked around hoping to see Gabe, Ian, Alicia or anyone I was with.I hope they made it and maybe the portal dropped them off somewhere else like when Gabe and Alicia jumped into the portal Ian had made that took us to Eutopia.
My head spun slightly and my body was still weak, but I pushed myself away from the tent to hopefully find one of them.
My legs were still trembling as I made my way to the tall palm trees that swayed like dancers in the breeze.Through the flickering light of the sparse underbrush, I could see someone coming.My vision was blurry and I stopped as my legs were on the verge of giving out.
“Gabe!”I yelled with all my might.
The image came to me in a dark shadow.I watched him come closer hoping to see Gabe’s golden hair reflect the brilliant sun and strong arms coming to lift me up, but the image stayed dark and as he came closer I realized who it was.
My knees gave way. It was David, not Gabe that came closer and lifted me up and carried me back to the tent.I tried to scream, tried to hit him, but my limbs were still weak, all I could do was lay there.
“Here,” he said pushing a glass to my lips, “drink this.”
The sweet liquid ran down my throat as I tried to cough it up.I was helpless to David as I sat against his chest.Slowly, my head quit spinning and strength returned to my legs.I pulled myself up and away from David who didn’t resist and only looked up at me.
“I’m not going to hurt you,” he said in a clam tone and something I never thought would come out of his mouth.
“What happened to the rest of the Blackbirds?”I asked through a raspy voice.“What did you do to them?”I yelled standing in front of him.
He only snickered and looked away shaking his head.“I didn’t do anything to them.The amulet is the one that separated you from them.”
“Then why are you here instead of Ian?”I started to step backwards away from him.
David only looked at me.“Would you rather be here with my father or me?”His voice sounded amused.
“Why…why are you doing this?”I demanded with a trembled voice.
“If I didn’t push Ian out of the way, then my father would be here with you instead…and,” David jumped up and stood in front of me, “he isn’t as nice as me.”
I gave a huff and turned away as he grabbed my arm and swung me around to face him.I smacked him across the face and he hardly flinched with a small smile almost appearing he liked it.I wish it would’ve stung him.
“You’re a little quicker these days.”His smile deepened.“Even with only one eye I can still manage.”
I could feel my dry lips part as he continued to smile.
“Don’t look so shocked,” he said.“My senses strengthened because of it.When you lose a little of your senses, the others strengthen and fill in the gap that you’ve lost.”
I looked at him.David paced around me passively kicking at the sand with his feet and his hands laced together behind his back.
“What do you want?”I asked.
David stopped and looked at me.“I want out.”He continued to stare at me as his lips trembled.“The opportunity came and I took it.I want away from my father.”He shrugged his shoulder and looked away.
 I shook my head as David continued to pace around me.
“There are certain things I don’t agree with and I don’t like the way he—teats me.”He didn’t look at me, only faced the crashing waves in the distance.“I wanted out Emily, out from under his fingers,” he then turned to me, “out from under his control.”
I took in a deep breath not knowing what to say or do.David was abusive to me in the past and now I could see something in his face, almost child-like, was exposed.
He reached for my shoulder and I flinched away, curling my arms around myself.
“I know you have no reason to trust me, but, I am sorry for everything.In St. Francis I had to act that way because if I didn’t, my father would punish me.He said love only amplifies our weakness and to love is to be weak.I never had intensions of hurting you.”David’s voice was soft, something I’ve never heard and was entranced for a moment.
“Then, why, why now?”
“Opportunity doesn’t come often, and I had to take the chance when it came.”He looked at me and tilted his head to the side.“No other girl has intrigued me as much as you…and I cannot tell you how sorry I was for the way I acted.All I can say is that—I’m glad you and Gabe got together.”
I glared at him, not believing a word he said.David was nasty to me and to believe in his words was like voluntarily drinking poison.I looked around the desolate beach wondering if anyone was close by.I had to get away from him.
“Emily, this is the real me.”He grabbed me by the shoulders and shook me like he was going to shake me into believing him.“When I first saw you I wanted to be with you, but my father found out and…he was furious.I was jeopardizing everything, everything he had worked for.And now, I have escaped that.”He shook his head.“I know I can’t make you believe me by words, so, please let me show you.Emily, please give me a chance.”






Chapter Nine
I looked at David and my insides told me not to trust him, while my heart barely cracked opened at the possibility to even consider trusting him.All he wanted was a chance and maybe he was telling the truth, but before I could say anything, the sound of Ian’s voice broke into my head like a shattering window.
“Emily!Where are you?Answer me!”I pressed my head with my hands at the sudden message.
“I’m on a beach—with David.Where are you?”
David looked at me.“Emily, are you alright?”I removed my hands from my head and hoped he didn’t know what was going on.
“I’m a little dizzy yet from the portal.”I tucked my hair behind my ear and looked at David.He did look like he was concerned.“By the way, where are we?”
I looked out to the ocean and at the surrounding beach.There was nothing familiar about it and I know I hoped in vain that I would see the mansion that was on the island of Kangee.
David hesitated with an answer and I looked at him waiting for one.
“My father wanted to take you back to the Crystal City, but I wanted to take you here to Meropsis.”
I closed my eyes and yelled with all of my inner strength.“Meropsis!”I hoped Ian heard me.
“Emily, I think you should go back and sit down.”David guided me back to the make shift tent as the crashing waves came and went without so much as a ship in the distance.
“I’ll be right back,” he said. “There were some fruit trees nearby.”
I watched him go into the jungle and wished I knew where exactly I was in Meropsis.I looked down the desolate beach and closed my eyes.
“Ian!”I screamed my thoughts.“Where are you?”
“Close—keep talking you’re getting louder.”
 “Is everyone alright?”I asked with no reply, only the waves and the wind surrounded me with noise.I looked to the jungle where David went in at, and hoped it would be a while before he came back, maybe enough time for Ian to rescue me.
“Found you!”Ian said as a plane roared overhead.
I jumped up and waved my arms as David came up behind me.
He threw the fruit to the ground and grabbed me by my arm.I pulled back nearly knocking him to the ground.
“The Blackbirds found me.”I glared at him.“Gabe found me.”
David had a surprised look that faded into a sly smile.“They don’t have you yet.”
I was going to turn and run just as the plane made another pass and a dark shadow fell from it splashing into the blue water below.David then grasped onto my wrist and clenched it tight.I pulled back trying to break his hold as he smiled at me.
“I really don’t want to hurt you.”His words were calm and his eyes steady.
“Let me go!”I yelled and turned my head quickly to the ocean.“Gabe!”I yelled out not knowing if it was him or not.
Suddenly a shadow fell over my eyes and I looked up to see if it was the plane.It wasn’t the plane but David’s hand that brushed gently across my cheek—the same side he once gave me a bruise on.It ached physically with the memory of our relationship.I tried to pull away, but he had me in his arms that curled around me like two snakes caressing me and guiding me gently into the kill.
“Emily, give me a chance at trust.I promise that I’m not the same David you knew.”My eyes were closed and my body limp, “Trust--” David’s voice fell into a whisper that the wind carried.

 I woke to the sound of yelling.There were two voices followed by the sound of a fight.
“I do not wish to fight, but if you make me…”I could hear David’s voice.
“You know not what you do and to have her…you don’t understand.”It was Quil’s voice below me.
I sat up and realized I was in a battered, old tree house-like structure.I went over to the side and saw Quil facing David.Immediately, Quil’s eyes lifted to me and then back at David.
David lunged for Quil who moved out of the way and then grabbed David by the arm, twirling him around like a ragged doll.His face was bruised and blood dripped from his lip.
“Stop!”I yelled catching both of their attentions.
I climbed down the ladder as they stood facing me.Quil looked like he hardly had a scratch on him and David looked like a truck had run him over.
“We have to get out of here—he’s poisoned.” Quil’s voice entered my head like a lightning bolt.
I swayed a little, but regained my balance before drawing any attention to myself.I then looked at David.His body was battered and with only having one eye made him look even worse.He reminded me of a beaten and starved dog, more like a sickly pit bull or any dog with the reputation of being bad tempered and was destitute.The sudden rush of pity filled me.He did ask me to give him a chance and maybe—he wasn’t the David that I knew.
“Poisoned—how?” I asked Quil.
“It’s more evil than you want to deal with.Step away, now.”Not only did Quil warn me with his words, but his glowing eyes as well.
“No!”I yelled.“You told me there has been enough bloodshed!”
Quil didn’t answer, only pressed his lips together and let go of David.He then placed both hands on David’s head and twisted it until it snapped slightly.I screamed as Quil caught David’s limp body and slug him over his shoulder.
“You killed him!”I screamed.
Quil stood with David’s body over his shoulder and his topaz eyes burning through mine.“If I wanted to kill him, I would have changed and had fun doing it.Come on, the plane is over here and hurry, because it won’t be long before he wakes up.”
The underbrush was thick at times, and Quil would stop periodically, look around and smell the air.We walked in silence for a while as the sunlight flickered through the leaves overhead.The beams of light were like spotlights piercing the green leaves as if they were precious jewels displayed in a case at a jewelry store.
“Why?”Quil suddenly asked without looking at me.
“What do you mean?”I asked walking beside him.
“You know he doesn’t have good intentions.”
“You said he was poisoned, maybe we can cure him,” I said not believing that I did.
“He is your enemy, your people’s enemy…”Quil stopped for a moment.“Don’t be so naïve.”
“I’m not,” I said feeling slightly insulted.“I’m not stupid, he told me that it was his father making him do this and…he asked me to give him a chance.I should at least do that.”He could have killed me.I thought to myself.Something deep inside of me told me so—a voice that had always been there, but lay dormant.I had to take the chance to listen to it now.
Quil looked down at me with his always steady eyes that were continually hard to read.They were emotionless as if he was searching for something in me that I wasn’t going to let him see.I looked away as David made a groaning sound.
“The plane is over there.”Quil motioned with a nod of his head.“Hurry.”
I pushed through the foliage to the rumbling plane.Ian was outside of it and slightly smiled when he saw me.I was relieved to see him again and ran up to him with outstretched arms and gave him a hug.I couldn’t see his face as he hesitated a little before returning the hug.
“I’m so glad you made it.Is Gabe here too?”
“He’s at Kangee.The portal took us there.”Ian expression went cold when he saw Quil practically throwing David into the plane.“What are we doing with him?”
“He’s been poisoned; at least that is what Quil said.”I looked at Ian who ran his fingers through his dark hair.“David said it was his father making him do everything—maybe he can help us.He asked me to give him a chance to prove himself.”
“And you believed him?”Ian asked with raised eyebrows.“We barely escaped—all of us.David was the one who pulled me away from you and shoved you through the portal.He came out of nowhere, Zach said.It was like he materialized out of thin air.”
I looked at Ian for a moment.“He could have killed me and took the amulet.I think I owe him at least a shot at explaining and proving what he says is the truth.”
Ian shrugged his shoulders and let out a sigh.“I don’t like this and he’ll be in the dungeon when we get back to Kangee.”
I shook my head.“You have a dungeon there?”
“I’ll make one.”Ian motioned for me to get in the plane.

David was tied up even though he was still unconscious.Alicia and Ian were in the cockpit flying the plane, while Zach looked at David.Quil stared at David with unmoving eyes as if he could look right through him.
“I don’t know if I can do anything for him.”Zach looked up at Quil.“This is beyond anything I can possibly do—poison by magic—this is even from another world, how can I possibly--”
“You can’t.”Quil shifted his eyes to Zach.“It is something that is a part of him, but he may be able to overcome it by himself.”
“I don’t think we should even trust him Em,” Zach said looking up at me.
I looked at David whose eye opened and looked at me.Quil and Zach moved closer to him exchanging glances and readying themselves-- just in case David fought them.
“I don’t wish to fight you, my battle isn’t against you,” David said calmly.“I know I have a speckled past, but I was forced to go against the Alliance and now I want to help you, all I’m asking for is a chance.”
“You have to earn that.For now you’re a prisoner and traitor and that, you know, is punishable by death.”
“I can lead you to the missing implements.”David, I know was prepared to negotiate his punishment at the same time I knew he was taking a chance at even being here. “My father scattered them when he was in charge of security in Meropsis.They are all over Atlantis.”The plane turned slightly as Alicia looked back to see what was going on and saw David.“Emily has the amulet to open Pandora’s Box.My father wants its power—the power of the glass people.He nearly has control over Eutopia and when he can control the glass people as well—Atlantis will be a piece of cake for him.”
I held the amulet between my fingers, rubbing the heart shaped pendant gently.
 “Beware.”My mother’s soft voice echoed through my head and goose bumps ran up and down my arms.
“What the hell is he doing here?”Alicia yelled as David only looked up at her.
“It isn’t what you think Alicia.”I stood up and faced her.
“Have you gone crazy?” 
David suddenly groaned and curled his legs to his chest.His body trembled to the point I thought he was going to explode.He yelled out and pulled at his restraints as Zach and Quil tied more straps around his convulsing body trying to contain his strength.
“You need… to find…Pandora’s Lock…here in Meropsis.”David closed his eyes tightly and yelled out in pain.“Pandora’s Box…can’t…destroy.”David’s body suddenly stopped shaking and he drew in deep breaths as Quil still held onto his wrists.David turned his head to me, his eye patch had fallen off and I grimaced automatically at what I thought would be a mangled eye socket.
Instead of a vacant hole, was an eye that matched his other, only instead of an iris and pupil, there was nothing but two, white balls staring at me.The pallor of his skin had faded and his dark hair had turned white and curled around his head as it grew longer.All of this happened in the matter of seconds.
“He’s changing!”Quil yelled at Zach.“Land the plane, now!”
Quil practically lay on top of him as well as Zach.Alicia went to help Ian as I stood and watched.I had seen what David was changing into before, and I knew what the poison was running through him.He was changing into the glass people.
The plane made a steep incline as the distant palm trees and blue waters flashed by the oval windows.Zach pinned down David’s arms as Quil again snapped David’s neck until his body went limp.This time I wasn’t sure if it was to render him unconscious or kill him.
David’s body was still and had turned back, all the whiteness had faded.
“Is he dead?”I asked with trembled voice.
Quil only looked at me, his eyes restrained with what he really wanted to do to David, but didn’t because I requested differently.
“Why didn’t you kill him when you had the chance?”Alicia yelled at Quil as everyone stood outside the plane.
Quil’s composure was calm.“What Emily says has some truth in it.We shouldn’t jump to conclusions.He may be of some use, though he struggles between himself and becoming a glass person.Like I said,” he looked at me, “he is poisoned and that he will have to overcome himself.”
I looked at Alicia as she paced around and Zach who stopped her and looked into her eyes as he whispered something close to her ear.I’m sure it was something encouraging like “everything will be alright,” or, “I’m here with you—everything will be fine.”I thought painfully of Gabe wishing him here, but glad he was safe in Kangee.
“What did he mean by Pandora’s’ Lock?”Ian asked.“I’ve never heard of that and I don’t think it was cataloged in the implements directory, unless it was only known by Ulric.”
“Whatever it is, David must know about it.”Zach now had his arm around Alicia.“The trick is getting him to lead us to it and not some trap.”
Alicia stepped out from under Zach’s arm and stared at David as if looking through him to find his very core.
“His aura changes,” she said not blinking, but looking at him with her dark eyes.“I caught only glimpses of it at first and it changes so quickly from black to blue to white.”She shook her head.“So many colors are at war.”Her eyes lifted to me.“He has made a connection to you; I can see it as a part of your aura.”
I felt a sudden rush of suspicion in Alicia’s eyes.She stepped closer until she was in front of me.
“He has affected you—either by trying to get someone to believe in his lies or just maybe, he is screaming for help.David is though at war with himself, the glass people and his father.”Alicia looked down at him.“He’s walking on a tightrope, and it is up to us to sway him into being our ally.”
“Tie him up tighter and let’s get to Atlantis,” Alicia said after a few seconds of silence.
Ian, Quil and Zach got David back onto the plane tied him up with whatever they could find.I sat looking at David.He looked innocent as he slept and my pity for him grew.Maybe he never meant to be mean to me, maybe it was his father behind the whole thing and now David was struggling to surface from everything that poisoned him. 
“You have got to be kidding me!”Alicia spurted out from the cockpit.“The plane won’t start.”
Ian and Zach looked at the planes motor and I was left alone with Quil among the leather bound seats.He looked at me for a moment and then at David.I wanted to ask him why he looked at me that way.It was almost he was going to say or ask me something that was right on the tip of his tongue, but it would never pass his lips. 
I thought of what he said about him seeing me before he met me—a princess to save his world.I wondered if I’m what he expected or am I a disappointment.I didn’t want to know, really, and I didn’t care, but the thought bugged me and I knew it would until I had my answer.
“It’s no use and there is no reason that this plane can’t fly.”Alicia announced.“Send a message R-girl.”
I closed my eyes and thought of Karinna and Jimmy, they were the only ones I knew of that could get my message.
I sent several with no reply back.The sun was fading and darkness would surround us soon.
“We are on the southern tip of Meropsis.Our best hope is to flag down a ship passing by.Otherwise, we walk the thirty miles to the nearest village.”Ian looked out at the distant ocean.“It’s going to be dark soon.”
“No messages?”Zach asked and I shook my head as David made a groaning sound.
“Why do you have to do that?”He rolled from side to side as his whole body was wrapped in thick, brown rope, so tight he looked like a mummy.
 “What did you do to my plane?”Alicia pounced on him as Zach pulled her back.
“You’re plane?”David shook his head as it was the only thing he could move.“I didn’t do anything to your plane.”
“It was him at the same time it wasn’t.”Quil got up from sitting on the ground and at the edge of lantern’s light that was placed close to the plane.“When the poisoning surfaces…so does the effects of the poison.”He bent down so he was looking right at David.“He’s probably blocking any messages as well.”Quil gave us a quick glance then looked intently at David.“If you wish to overcome this then you must fight your own way.”
David looked at Quil.“I don’t know how to do that… it just comes without warning.I don’t know how to control it.”He leaned his head back and closed his eyes.“It was my father’s idea, his way to make me better.”David’s voice strained.
“How did he do this to you?”I asked stepping closer to him.
David turned his head to me.Something about David was surfacing—a David I had never known.I thought he was just a nasty person, but, now, that nastiness was shedding and slowly, I was uncovering the real one.
“It was in small doses, at first.He said it was something to make me stronger because he needed me to be strong to take over our enemies.He couldn’t afford to have any weaknesses, nothing in the way of his plans, he couldn’t afford any slip-ups and I did without asking.Later, I found out about the glass people and where my father got his elixir.”David shut his eye tightly as if in pain.
I felt a sudden shock of concern for David run through me.Everything he had done in St. F to me wasn’t his fault and he needed help to overcome this.
“The girl, the one you killed at the main guard station,” David said.That image will never be erased from my memory; her eyes staring down at me as she hung from the ceiling impaled by a long spike.“Emily,” his voice cracked.“Don’t let them do that to me…I know you can see me…the real David.”
“Can we untie him?”I asked surprised that the question came out of my mouth.
Everyone’s eyes lifted to me with question.
“We have to help him!”I yelled between David’s cries.
I stepped forward and Zach caught me, holding me back.
“Don’t Em,” Zach said in my ear.“It isn’t him, he’s tricking you.”
Zach held me in his strong arms as Quil went over to David that was followed by a cracking sound.This time I thought he had done it.
“He’s fine,” Quil said walking over with his eyes focused on me.“I didn’t kill him, not yet.”
He took me by the arm in a way you would a child that said something bad and didn’t realize it and was going to be scolded for it.We stood on the other side of the plane, alone.His silhouette stood out against the darkening sky and his eyes glowed slightly reflecting what light there was.
“His poison is affecting you.”Quil stated.“He’s a danger and slowly he will be gaining control over the rest of the group.”He paused for a moment.“It’s spreading like a disease.”
“But--”
“It’s true,” Alicia said stepping behind me.“I can see his aura, or actually lack of one.Whatever he has is taking over and very quickly.”
We stood in silence.I thought of what they said, but I felt a piece of David was still left and I had to rescue him.I rubbed the amulet between my fingers and wished I could hear my mother’s voice.
“We have to destroy the amulet—the only thing that will draw the glass people into this world.Ulric has no idea of what damage they can do and if he thinks he can control them, then, he has greatly miscalculated.”Quil looked at me.“Ian is the portal maker, his father touched the magic and it is him who it is familiar with, he must make a portal and send it to the Black Abyss.”
“We were in the Black Abyss--” I looked at Quil.
He looked at me for a moment.“No,” he said.“We were in the land of the glass people; the Black Abyss is the voids between the worlds where nothing exists.There is no way out of them, unless opened by its keeper.Ian is the only one who can do this.”
I drew in a deep breath still holding the amulet.
“Send another message R-girl, maybe one will get through.”

I sent several with no reply.David was still asleep and Zach would check on him every once in a while with Alicia helping him.Ian knowing he had to design the portal started drawing it out on scraps of paper.Quil stood in the shadows and patrolled the area while I sat by the plane and a little ways from Ian who talked mainly to himself even answering himself at times.
“Did your father talk to himself too?”I asked as he slowly lifted his eyes to me.I‘ve been watching him for a while and began to wonder what he was like.
“No, I get it from my mother.Father usually hummed while he worked and sometimes whistled.”Ian looked back down at his drawing and then crumpled the paper up.“It’s no use!”
I scooted closer to him and undid the crumpled piece of paper he threw.Ian had drawn an arched door with several irregular peaks that looked like upside down V’s and curved slightly at the tips.There was a half circle at the top and the sides went straight down, pooling at the bottom into swirling lines.
“It’s pretty.”I tried to complement.
Ian took the paper from me and shot me a quick glance.“Pretty doesn’t matter here, it’s the mechanics of it that matter.It has to be strong enough to hold against someone smart enough to open it and elaborate enough to keep out the cunning, and,” Ian looked over at me, “easy enough to get into if I have to.”
“Then why make it so elaborate?Why not make it plain with a really good lock.”I suggested as Ian let out a sigh and rubbed his chin.
“A lock,” he repeated.“It could work.”Ian took another small scrap of paper and started drawing.
I leaned back and watched him work for a few moments.“Did you help your dad a lot?”
Ian didn’t answer right away and I knew better than to have a conversation when someone was engrossed into their work.
“Hmm, what did you say?”He looked up at me for a moment.“Oh, working with my father, yes, a little, enough to know the basics.”His words were mechanical, like he was reading them from a book.
I guessed I had Ian pictured with our father working together as father in son in some Norman Rockwell painting with bright colors and smiles on their faces.
“I wish I could have known him.I mean I had a father on earth, but he was never really a father, not like someone to teach you things.”Ian didn’t look at me.“I always wanted to have that life, you know--”
“I think I got it!”Ian said with a big smile.“Or actually maybe, I have to try it.”He flipped the paper over evaluating it.“We really need to get back to Kangee.”
I guess our heart-to-heart moment was over before it got started.I wanted to connect to Ian, but everything with him was either covered or contained in some box somewhere.He walked away from me showing his design to Zach and Alicia. 
I watched them converse.Ian did most of the talking and pointed to his drawing while talking with his hands.I was glad I had a brother, or actually a half-brother, but I felt Ian didn’t feel the same way.I wanted family to connect to, and I wasn’t sure if he wanted to let me into his life or not.
I watched Zach and Alicia ask Ian questions and pointed to the sketch as well.I didn’t know anything about portals except that I have sealed them, barely, and have passed through them.But the construction of one I couldn’t even fathom.
Without warning and not feeling cold, I shivered.I wrapped my arms around myself surprised when my eyes led me to a shadowed area just past Ian, Zach and Alicia.Quil stepped out slightly, eyes fixed on me.I could tell he had been watching me, watching Ian and me.
“You try too hard.”Quil’s voice entered my head.
“It isn’t your business.”I returned his message.
“You should let things go by themselves.When he is ready, he will talk to you.”Quil continued anyhow.
“What are you, the expert on relationships—please stay out and also out of my head.”

Quil nodded his head with his eyes still on me.I turned away, got up and went over to join the rest of the group.David was still asleep and we decided to take turns on watch duty.Quil finally joined us from lurking in the shadows.We had a few small blankets spread onto the ground and decided to sleep outside since the air was warm and inside the plane was very stuffy. 
 Quil said there wasn’t anything threatening nearby, and he should know since he had patrolled the whole area like a dog checking his new surroundings.Ian, who had studied Atlantis from its history to its demographics, told us the top of the food chain here was the small coyotes.
“You could have them as a late night snack Quil.”Ian teased, to my surprise, Quil who gave him a small smile not out of finding it humorous, but more at Ian who always seemed serious.
I let my eyes intertwine with Quil’s.He stared at me for a moment and I could only guess he was waiting for me to send him a message.After a few moments, he nodded his head and I curled up onto the small blanket and fell asleep.

The yelping of coyotes woke me.I sat straight up listening to their haunting call.I’ve heard them many times in St. F and their call still made my heart pound.Even though there were probably only a few of them, it sounded like there were hundreds of them.
I looked at everyone and they were still sleeping.Zach who was on first watch was asleep next to Alicia. They looked peaceful together.He had his arm around her and she rested her hand on his forearm.Even in their sleep, the gesture appeared genuine not like they just ended up that way from falling asleep.At some time they must have come to terms with their feelings for each other or Zach got rid of his guinea pig that I remember Alicia threatening to kill if it got loose and entered her room.
The yelping faded as the coyotes ran in another direction.I continued to stare at Zach and Alicia, glad they couldn’t see me gazing at them and looking like some sort of a pervert.I wanted to do that with Gabe.I wanted him to hold me gently until we fell asleep together.I could only hope that I would get to one day.
“Get up!”Quil’s voice broke my trance.“Get up!”He yelled.
Disoriented I stood up and wobbled slightly half asleep and half daydreaming.Quil shook Ian, Zach and Alicia awake.
“What is going on?”I asked.
I looked around to see the ropes that bound David sat in pile on the ground.He had managed to escape.Zach, Ian and Alicia all got up and looked at the ropes that held David.They looked like they simply snapped at the strength that it contained.Ian, wide eyed looked at one of the frayed ends.
“We have to find him.”Quil’s eyes darted to all of us.“I only left for a little, when I thought I heard a noise and when I came back, he was gone.”
“And when we find him, how are we going to subdue him?”Zach asked.“I don’t have a tranquilizer gun.”
Quil looked at Zach for a moment and then turned his gaze on me.His eyes glowed and keeping his eyes on me, he began to change into a Ranger.I watched the transformation without blinking and Quil kept his eyes open and focused on me while he did—almost like he wanted me to watch him.
 Quil darted into the jungle and Zach and Alicia rummaged through the plane.
“Don’t you have any guns here?”I asked.
“No, they are from Earth and not legal in Atlantis, though I wish I would have smuggled one in right about now,” Zach said pulling out a bow and arrow with a very pointed tip that looked as thin as a hair at the end.“--good thing the Alfheim know how to make weapons.”
Zach, along with Alicia and Ian stood encircling around me with their eyes focused into the blackness, weapons in hand, protecting me, protecting the amulet from David.Silence and the pounding of my heart were all that I heard.I too peered into the darkness trying to catch a glimpse of any movement.It seemed like hours ago since Quil had jolted into the jungle and the silence grew eerie by the second.
Just like a lighting strike coming out a blue sky, David all in white and silver sprung from the jungle leaping towards Zach.Before he could even shoot one arrow, David raked his silver claws across Zach’s neck.Blood spurted out covering Alicia in red speckles.Alicia screamed and threw her knife at David only to miss as he pushed her backwards through the air.Ian stood beside me with his eyes focused in fear at David.His face had gone white and his open mouth quivered, Ian was paralyzed with fear.
I knew I had to react and bent down to pick up the bow and arrow when David wrapped his rock solid arms around me and ran into the jungle.His movements were fast and before I knew it, we were deep into the jungle. I screamed out as the large leaves slapped across my face cutting into my skin.






Chapter Ten
The sun’s rays cut through the canopy of green forcing its light through the resisting jungle.We had slowed and David still held onto me tightly.The air was stagnating and felt as if it hadn’t moved in years.The smell of the mellow soil was pungent and everything was still in this green cage.
David picked up his pace again taking deep breaths and grunting at times like an animal.I pleaded many times over to stop, but either he was too far gone now or, he simply didn’t listen.
The sun grew in the sky and the only way I could tell was by the shifting of the beams of light.I knew hours had gone by and my thoughts drifted from dreams to visions.
“Stay with him Emily….”My mother’s voice came to me like a whisper.
I slowly opened my eyes between the bouncing up and down from David’s running.“Mom?”I questioned and then David abruptly stopped and let my sore body fall to the ground.
I pushed myself up and looked at David.His eyes were like two white marbles surrounded by pale skin marked with silver scales on his forehead.His once dark hair curled with silver streaks among the pure white strands.If there was anything left of David, I couldn’t see it.
“You don’t have to do this, you asked me to help you and I will help you, but you have to listen to me.”I could only hope he could hear me.
David stood motionless, statue-like with his cold reptile eyes on me.I knew I had to get away from him and knew I could never out run or was strong enough to fight him now.
“Ian!Help me!”I yelled my thoughts.
Footsteps, slow and delicate came from behind me.I turned hoping in my heart that it was Quil.Instead, smiling back at me was Ulric.
“Good job, you’ll be rewarded David.”His eyes shifted to David.“You,” Ulric gazed back at me, “will come with me either willingly or by force—it is up to you.”With his remaining hand, he held it out like he was a gentleman asking me to dance.
I hesitated.“Come, Miss Moore, you know I have the upper hand here and I do hate to use force.”He tilted his head and looked at me from under his dark eyebrows.
If I struggled and fought I would only waste my energy.I had to wait and find the opportunity to run.
“I’m with Ulric we are on top of a hill overlooking the ocean.”I sent a message.“Ian, can you hear me!”
 I stepped forward not taking Ulric’s hand.I glared at him as he curled in his fingers and slowly dropped his hand with a small smile.
“You know Miss Moore; I am not as evil as you think.”
I looked over at David.“Your son--”
His eyes twinkled with madman’s delight.“He chose to do that…for the betterment.”I felt my stomach churn as Ulric’s eyes were fixed on me.“Come.”He motioned with his hand to go in front of him.
Before us was a jagged, black cliff that went straight up.Ferns and other plants clung to the side of it and vines curled in between the cracks like veins.The many shades of green and the bright blooming flowers contrasted with the blackness of the rock.
I looked at Ulric wondering if he wanted me to climb it.
He smiled and then waved his arm as the vines parted and a small opening appeared.
“Sometimes you may think something is not there when really it is.”He motioned with his hand to enter just as a rushing sound came from the jungle.
I looked up at the tree limbs as they shook and leaves fell gracefully to the ground at whatever was approaching.Ulric stood in front of me and looked to the shaking trees.David still stood like a statue of marble with his eyes interlocked with mine.I pulled my gaze away just as a giant flock of white birds spewed from the green foliage like the jungle had vomited them up.The birds gracefully dipped downward barely caressing the ground before they flew off into the open air.
Ulric turned to David and nodded his head towards the jungle.“Go and check it out, quickly, then return here.”
David took off like someone had released him from a catapult into the jungle.I watched him as Ulric grabbed my arm and pushed me into the crevasse.It was a small passage that slowly narrowed over our heads to the open sky.A few ferns grew in the diffused light and water dripped from the sharp, black rock.
Ulric guided me with a poke of his finger in my back and reluctantly I moved forward still sending messages hoping someone would hear me.
The winding tunnel finally opened to a large circular area with what looked like the ruins of an old building.It reminded me of a church with tall spires and rectangular windows.It was a small building half crumbling down as I stepped closer, I could see the intricate carvings of creatures dragon-like and breathing curling flames of fire.
“This Miss Moore is the Fire Oracle and sacred ground to the Dragon clan.”He looked up at the sky holding out his arms to his side.I couldn’t help but to see only a stub of where Gabe had cut Ulric’s arm off.“Too long our clan has followed the Alliance and it was us that were here first.Their ways are lazy and I am here to bring back the much deserved glory that Atlantis once had. 
You see, the glass people won’t wait for long.They have had a taste of this world and the Alliance hasn’t recognized them as a threat.If we do nothing Atlantis will succumb to them.We have to have their power and destroy them or…they will have ours.”
Ulric paced around brushing his black boots across the neon looking grass that grew in sporadic clumps.
“Eutopia is using what power they have the wrong way.It is like a magnet, attracting the glass people, inviting them in.Eutopia will fall to them once their wall is complete and that is when I plan to attack and the amulet along with you is the only way this is possible.”Ulric stood in front of me.“Emily,” his voice was soft, “I am asking you to join me in this quest, not hurt you.”
I looked at him thinking of what he had done to David, his very own son.
“You want to do to me like what you did to David.”I shook my head.“You want power, not to save Atlantis or Eutopia.”
Ulric took in a deep breath and let it out slowly as his eyes darkened like the sky before a storm.
“You’re just like your mother, all for the mindless people who don’t even deserve to be ruled!” 
His words ripped a hole through my stomach.My mouth opened but no words came out.
Ulric’s eyes lightened and he smiled.“You look just like her, almost like a copy that I don’t mind killing again.”
He bent down meeting me directly eye to eye.With red eyes, teeth clenched and a growl that vibrated from his throat, Ulric looked like he could have transformed into a dragon.
I stepped back trying to look for the disguised passageway as I knew I was on my own.No one had heard my messages.
Ulric growled with his eyes fixed on me.Finally I caught a few of the still vines that dangled from the cavern walls move slightly in a sudden breeze.I turned, darted towards them as Ulric ran past me quickly, propelling himself up onto the rock wall and jumping in front of me blocking the passage.
“You’re not leaving.”His voice was raspy as he crouched down and screamed half in pain and half in what sounded like joy.
Beams of light penetrated through his skin like he was the sun himself.I shielded my eyes through a blast of light that was followed by a roar.Ulric to my surprise, lived up to the name of Dragon clan, because that’s exactly what he was.
His eyes glowed red, and he was still the same size as he was in human form.His legs were long and muscular covered in greenish brown scales.His arms were human-like except with talons for fingers and he had a long snout with flaring nostrils.
“Do I scare you Miss Moore?”He asked with a dominatingly inquisitive voice that sounded the same except a little raspier. 
I couldn’t answer and shook my head wondering how I was going to get out of this.He gave a deep chuckle.
 From overhead a black object fell from what I could see of the vivid blue sky.What I thought was a boulder at first, landed on Ulric’s back and sunk its claws into his scaly flesh.Ulric yelped and then growled throwing Quil, in Ranger form the ground.Quil jumped up like a compressed spring and slashed Ulric across the neck and then across his face, so quick that his arms moved like blurred shadows.
Yellow liquid ran down his green scales as he held his face with his hands and let out an air shattering screech.
Quil grabbed a hold of me and passed through the passage, through the tunnel and out into the jungle.I clung to his back feeling his rock solid muscles flex with each movement.The green jungle flashed by and we didn’t stop until what felt like several miles separated us.
Quil didn’t stop until we reached a clearing with fountains, flower pots with bright flowers exploding from the containers and a blue house with a white roof sitting among the well-manicured yard.
Quickly Quil changed back into human form and taking in deep breaths he supported himself on bent knees.
“She’s here!”Claire yelled running out of an open door from a shaded patio area.
Claire wrapped her arms around me tightly and then looked into my eyes.
“Em, are you alright?”
“I--” Everything had happened so fast.“Where am I…what happened…Zach is he…Ulric’s a…”
“Zach’s here along with everyone else, everything’s fine.Come inside.”Claire guided me with her arm around my shoulder.
I went inside the small cottage.It was inviting with overstuffed pillows, large windows opening to the outside and the smell of roses curled around me the minute I walked in.Claire guided me to the couch as Quil sat across from me.
“Ulric—he killed…”A sudden lump formed in throat.
Claire wrapped her arm around me and pushed back the hair from eyes. 
“—he killed my mother.”I finished what I wanted to say as the lump slowly dissolved.
I closed my eyes for a moment.I wanted to turn the world off for a moment as everything came crashing down on me.Just as my body began to relax, I felt a strong arm around me.Immediately I thought of David and woke suddenly, pushing whoever had me away.
“Em, it’s alright, I got you,” Gabe said smiling back at me.
I leaned over to him, curling my legs up around me.“I thought I would never see you again.”I looked up at him.“Promise me you will never leave my side.”I tightened my arms around him.
“Well, sometime we are going to have to leave the couch.”His voice teased.
I smiled to my surprise.Gabe had a way of doing that—making the world less frightening for me by his lame joking around.
I nestled my head in the crook of his shoulder.“Just hold me until someone makes us get off the couch then.”Gabe gave a small laugh then ran his hand over my head, running his fingers through my hair.
“Is she here?”I opened my eyes to the sound of Jimmy’s voice.
I pulled myself away from Gabe, but still held onto his hand.Jimmy came through the door as I stood up.
“Oh, girl I thought I would never see you again!”He wrapped his arms around me.
I returned the hug surprised at his concern.I knew he would be worried about me, but this was a hug that you would give to your real child, not an adopted one that works for you.Nevertheless, I cared for Jimmy as much as he cared for me.He was like a father to me since I started working for him and it felt good to feel that way.
“We will have to set up base for here right now since the mansion has been taken over.”Abe said coming in the door with Karinna following behind him.
Karinna came and greeted me with a hug.“I got your messages.”Her jeweled eyes twinkled at me as she turned her attention to Claire.“Alicia—where is she?”
Claire looked at me and gave a quick smile.“She’s resting back here.”
Zach I knew was attacked by David and a knot formed in my stomach.I looked behind me as Karinna and Claire went down the hallway mumbling to each other.I started to say something when Abe cut me off.
“Is everyone here…and a couple extra I see.”Abe looked at Quil who loomed against the wall with Ethan who sat in a chair looking uncomfortable, stood immediately like he was a soldier being called to attention.
“You and you are both from Eutopia?”Abe asked as he motioned for Ethan to sit down and for Quil to come closer.“I want to know everything you know about Eutopia.”
“What is going on?”I asked with my arm wrapped around Gabe.
Abe drew in a deep breath.“A lot.”His answer was vague.
Everyone was in the room except for Claire, Alicia, Caleb, Karinna and Zach.My stomach churned with worry for him and I anxiously looked down the hallway waiting to see him.I hoped Alicia could heal him.
Abe was speaking, but my ears weren’t tuned into him.My mother’s voice, Ulric and David pleading for me to help him kept running through my head.
“Emily,” a soft voice said.
I looked up to see Alice, Jimmy’s wife.She still looked the same with short, greying bobbed hair and pale blue eyes.She was handing me something to drink.“I thought you might like something to drink.”
I smiled and took it as Abe rambled on.Alice was gentle and I remembered staying the night at her house in St. F when I broke up with David.She had made a mountain of food for breakfast the next morning and had gone to so much trouble to make me feel welcomed.
When Jimmy told me about his secret life, he had said Alice was from Meropsis and I looked around the house.This was her place I thought, Alice’s and Jimmy’s house in Meropsis.
I watched her pass drinks out to everyone and suddenly she stopped when she came to Ethan.Her body went rigid, almost like someone had stabbed her through the heart.
“Oh my goodness.”Alice’s voice was soft, but tinged with shock that got everyone’s attention.“Stand up,” she said not taking her eyes off of Ethan.
Ethan looked around the room and slowly stood up.Alice walked around him and held his face between her hands while she looked steadily into his eyes.
“Alice, what are you doing?What’s wrong?”Jimmy went over to her and put his hand on her shoulder.
She then turned Ethan around and pulled his shirt off.
“Alice!”Jimmy tried to stop her.
Ethan didn’t resist as I’m sure it took him by surprise.Alice turned him around and there on his back, right on his shoulder blade was a black mark of what looked like wavy lines and about the size of my little finger.I looked at it and could see everyone’s face pale upon seeing the tattoo.
“He has the mark.”Alice whispered.“He has the mark of a Blackbird.”
Gabe suddenly stood up as everyone’s eyes were focused on them.I looked between Ethan and Alice and started to make the connection I didn’t see before: pale blue eyes, at one time the same color of hair and a gentleness that they shared.Then, I remembered the newspaper clipping of the obituary that I found the night I stayed at their house in St. F.It was their son, Thomas, he had died and I never asked about him feeling it wasn’t business to bring up such a delicate subject.Now, I felt like I was looking at their once thought lost son.

“A mother never forgets her child.Thomas…Thomas McVaine, my son!”Alice looked up at Ethan cradling his face with Jimmy behind her staring in awe as the room fell into a dead silence.
 About the Author
M.M. Gavillet lives in west central Illinois with her husband, two children, one dog, three cats, several ducks and two demanding guinea pigs where she drinks more tea than any sane person should and likes to play in the dirt planting flowers.She has been spinning stories since she was little, but only recently discovered her passion for writing.
You can see what M.M. Gavillet is up to on Goodreads or visit her Facebook page!
Want to know how the Blackbird series ends?
Alliance of Blackbirds to be released October 2013!

