Barkie, Barkie


ipam 

 


Smashwords Edition Copyright 2020 Pamela Joan Barlow Smashwords Edition, License Notes This ebook is licensed for your personal enjoyment only. This ebook may not be re-sold or given away to other people. If you would like to share this book with another person, please purchase an additional copy for each recipient. If you’re reading this book and did not purchase it, or it was not purchased for your use only, then please return to Smashwords.com and purchase your own copy.  Thank you for respecting the hard work of this author.

 


Teen action, adventure and drama....


Head archivist Walbash has been ordered by the President of the United States of America to find the unknown Villainous of the Villains, who will rule in both evil and terror over the good people of the planet, one day, in the future.

Miss Walbash has learned that the villain is one of the four newly hired teen archivists, who are all employed at the Birmingham Art and Science, where she is the manager.

Now, the teen villain is in the summertime internship program while learning to tolerate a dancing elevator, pilot a flying rocket ship, and fight a rival for survival to see tomorrow’s sunrise.

The summertime internship program will end later in the month of August, which is only three short months or twelve short weeks or 84 short days away, before Walbash runs out of time and cannot stop the coronation of the newest evil prince or princess here on Planet Earth while saving the world.
Cast of Characters


Senior archivists:

Betty Bickman
Dickana Walbash
Lou Levine
Patsie Mumford



Junior archivists:

Gemma Renwick
Lowell Dodger
Trux Chettle
Victoriana Glass
Present day and space and time

Chapter One

June 7th (continued….)

09:03 a.m.

Air space with sizzling heat and light winds
City of Birmingham, within U.S. State of Alabama


The time ticked away 12 minutes and 10 seconds later. Two black tinted funny-looking storm clouds swiftly approached the set of tall skyscrapers within metro city Birmingham, flying towards the dull red tinted brick-coated Birmingham Science and Art Center. Each exhausted and tired pilot stared up at the three individual shiny rocket ships that lounged in the air waves.
The funny-looking rocket ship that kissed at the bottom of the metal slowed speed and then halted in the air waves, clearing off the black tinted smoke. Inside his rocket ship, Trux gasped at the site in the air waves and then pointed at the windshield laughing out loud with amusement. "Hey! I see the other three ships. Why are they hanging around in the clouds? I thought each one would have landed down into the hanger shoot and eating a plate of food."
Inside her rocket ship, archivist Bickman laughed out loud without breathing and then exhaled with a set of sour breathes, continuing to view the cheery sight of three stationary rocket ships also. "Your ship has stopped with the rocket ship and Victoriana in tow, Trux. Don't move! Don't twitch! Don't breathe! Dickana, Levine, and Lowell had used the computer system to fly away from us, like a trio of scary kittens, and then they all had halted right here above the air waves. The computer system is great for flying in a non-bird-like formation for fun. However, the computer system takes over now as each rocket ship is stationary at the height of 4,000 feet from the manicured grass or the nicely paved gray colored parking lot at the Birmingham Science and Art Center.
Inside her rocket ship, Walbash continued to slap each button, which did not response to her physical abuse, slapping the communication button and sneered at Bickman. "What is wrong with my rocket ship computer? I cannot land my rocket ship. Why is that, Bickman?"
Bickman smiled. "The computer system replaces each rocket ship back down into its circular cubby hole starting with the last rocket ship method."
“What!” She growled. “Patsie came out last and I came out first. So, I drop down into my rocket slot last.”
“Well, yeah, you are the leader and you are last rocket ship down in the hole. However, I have quickly re-programmed the computer due to the two damaged rocket ships. Everyone is safe and okay. Before we left the Center, the departing order was Dickana, Gemma, Victoriana, Levine, me, Lowell, Trux, and Patsie. We will not land in that order. Patsie, restart your rocket ship.” Patsie obeyed in silence and felt the rumble of the active engine. Bickman said. “Gemma, twist the door handle back into place which will release your cylinder from Patsie's ship. I will do the same. We do not have to release the magnet at the same time. Patsie is air-borne and stationary for the moment.”
Gemma obeyed in silence and anxiously awaited to land her ship and then steal back the Thor's Hammer from Trux. She was taking the dancing elevator and walking off the job. 
Bickman smiled. "Gemma, you go and land first down into your cubby slot. Slam the red button for land. The automatic pilot computer will glide the rocket down into its homey slot. Hold onto the chair or the console handles or sit on the floor. The computer is not human. The computer will land the rocket in 3.5 seconds. Slam the metal over the floor, falling into the pit. Then slam the metal panel to get out of the rocket. After you crawl out of the rocket, slam the metal door again for closing the cockpit. The rocket will power down automatically and cool down." Gemma slapped the button. Everyone watched the action. Her rocket ship landed down into the slot disappearing from the air waves.
Bickman ordered. "Patsie is next." The rocket ship followed the same procedure and then disappeared from the air waves. "Lowell is next. Then Levine comes next and finally Dickana is not last," she laughed.
"What about us?" Trux gasped with worry.
"I need to clear the air space first, Trux. Hold on!"
Dickana disappeared from the air waves and as the computer parked her ship down into the slot.
Inside the Tenth Floor Exhibition room, each archivist exited the ship and stood upright, stumbling through the floor, reaching the side glass window and tried to view the damaged ships, but Dickana. She slowly stood upright from the floor and danced sideways to her personal console, reaching down, slapping the button. The three walls inside the room morphed into a television plasma set and displayed Trux and the upside rocket ship. Bickman hovered several thousand feet from Trux inside her rocket ship.
The voice of Bickman spoke out loud from each television screen. "Trux, the mechanical eye sensor for landing the craft is located on the bottom of the metal stand, which is controlled by the computer. That is not working right now for you or Victoriana. So, look down to your left and view a sparkling clear button. This button cut off the computer controls, so you will steer by the manual method. Once you slap the button, the ship will fall through the air. Jerk the steering column towards your face. This will stop the ship. Go!"
Trux slapped the button. The two ships started to descend through the air. He reached up and gasped in alarm, pulling the steering column into his chest. The two ships halted with a violent jolt. Trux bit his tongue and then growled with determination of living. 
Bickman smiled. "You're good, Trux! The two ships are standing in the wind. Now, you have manual control.  Start tilting your rocket ship and her rocket ship sideways first and then slowly fly ahead and then stop over the rooftop building, slowly dropping down both of the rocket ships on top of the rooftop."
"What!" Dickana shouted out loud with fury and slapped the button on her armchair console into the rocket ship with her archivist. "Bickman, if you land both of those two rocket ships on top of the rooftop, then I can't fly my personal rocket ship out from the slot and then into the air. The rooftop will become damaged with all types of dangerous debris."
"Yes, you are correct, Dickana!"
"And the rooftop must be replaced, before another rocket ship can fly up from its hidden slot."
"Yes, you are correct, Dickana!"
Dickana snarled into the speaker box without seeing Bickman. "And the stored rocket ships could be damaged or worse destroyed while trying to land two other rocket ships on top of the rooftop."
Bickman frowned. "Yes, you are correct, Dickana! Trux, start your tilting right now. Go slow and ease!"
Inside the room, Dickana slapped a new button. The rooftop morphed into glass material, where each pair of eyeballs could see the commotion. The other archivists spun around from the side wall, halted, and then stood in the middle of the room, looking up at the glass rooftop with worry.
In the sky, Trux sweated on his forehead and inside both of his palms, slowly twisting the steering column with all his manly strength to the side. The two connected rocket ships started to tilt to the right side.
Inside her rocket ship, Victoriana continued to wear the face mask with oxygen and started to feel the titling rotation while figuring out the new plan from smart Bickman. As the ship slowly rotated sideways, she leaped off the console and scooted her folded body, hanging onto the circular pilot chair stand. When the ship had tilted sideways, she climbed off the pilot stand and crouched down into the circular metal tunnel while protecting her delicate human body. The bottom panel held the exit door.
Inside the rocket ship cockpit, Trux strapped his body back down inside the pilot chair and continued to tilt the two ships sideways and then halted when the ships were even with the building rooftop edge. He slowly pushed the steering column and advanced the ship through the air waves, over the middle of the rooftop and then stopped both ships while softly praying and sweating from fear and worry and excitement.
Inside the room, the other archivists were jumping up and down cheering Trux also.
Inside her rocket ship cockpit, Bickman bounced with joy at the fabulous job from the novice pilot. "Great job, Trux! Great job! Now, slowly drop down both ships onto the rooftop. The rooftop is very, very strong and will hold the weight of a commercial airplane. The two rocket ships are lighter than that. Twist the steering column to the side. The two ships will slowly descend down and then slap the rooftop."
Inside the rocket ship cockpit, Trux grunted out loud and then worried some more, "Which side of the steering column do I twist?"
"Either side!"
"Which side do I twist, Bickman?"
"Twist the steering column to the right side!"
Trux started to slowly twist the steering column to the right side. The two rocket ships started to descend slowly down from the air waves.
Why aren’t the two ships hitting the rooftop like a bomb? That is a falling rock from the air!" Lowell frowned at the action.
Bickman exhaled with worry and heard the question from Lowell, who stood inside the Exhibition Room. "You are correct, Lowell! The two rocket ships are nothing but a large single sideways rock in the air waves. However, I created an emergency program inside the rocket engine, if the rocket ship was damaged or connected to another object. In the manual method, each hand movement is opposite from the computer instructions for safety. The descent of a damaged ship or two is really controlled by a second set of computer instructions for an emergency. So, even the connected two ships are dropping down at two miles-per-hour through the air waves, which is still dangerous for Trux and Victoriana."
Dickana growled. "What a wonderful surprise, Bickman!"
"Yes, you are correct, Dickana." Bickman wanted to laugh but watched the dangerous maneuver, where Trux was doing an excellent job.
Through the glass rooftop, the two sideways rocket ships stood in the middle of the material and slowly dropped down closer to the glass surface. Each archivist back stepped with awe at the growing machine moving down towards the glass rooftop, slamming a back spine into the side wall but continued to watch. The two ships hit the glass with a loud boom inside the Exhibition Room and inside each cockpit.
Inside her cockpit, Bickman ordered. "Stay calm, Trux and Victoriana! Do not move! Give the rooftop glass time to scatter and then split from the rocket ship weight." The rooftop did not break and release the additional heavy object from its surface but quickly splintered into tiny cracks that glistened in the bright sunlight. Inside the rocket ship, both Trux and Victoriana felt the bottom of the ship suddenly shuffle sideways but did not tilt to the side while yelling in panic and worry.
Bickman viewed the stationary two rocket ships with satisfaction and fiddled with the gears, slowly dropping down her personal aircraft down on top of an empty parking lot, smashing the metal bottom onto the hard pavement. She killed the engine and left the cockpit station, spinning around, dashing ahead down the short steps and kicked open the metal door while destroying her rocket ship. She exited the grounded craft and dashed ahead inside the building, taking one of the dancing elevators to the tenth floor.


§


On the tenth floor, inside the Exhibition Room, Bickman exited the elevator carriage and looked up, smiling at the parked two rocket ships, seeing the tiny cracks of glass that held the ceiling surface intact. She spoke through a remote-control device that acted like a mobile telephone to Victoriana and Trux and stopped underneath the parked vehicle observing the numerous tiny glass cracks, the entire glass rooftop, the bright sunlight and finally the parked two sideways rocket ships. "Okay! The glass rooftop is holding both of you and both rocket ships. Use the side flap and exit the ship. Then slowly walk across the glass rooftop. The rooftop will not break but continue to crack with the new weigh from each one of your bodies. Find one of the empty rocket ship slots and then slid down the semi-curved metal. The metal is very cool without steam or heat. This maneuver will be an easy and fun slide party. Go! Go!" 
In her rocket ship, inside the cool exit tunnel, junior archivist Victoriana reached down and opened the slammed the button. the exit door jerked open and revealed the bright and heated sunlight. She exhaled with worry and annoyance at her rocket ship accident while pondering the lecture from Dickana. But Victoriana was going to quit and leave her summertime job right now. She slid over the cool metal and exited her ship, slowly standing upright on top of the thick glass, hearing the glass particles split again.
Inside his sideways rocket ship, junior archivist Trux unbelted the safety straps and then slowly dropped down from the sideways pilot chair onto the hard floor surface without busting his nostrils or breaking his femur bone, slowly crawling over the bubble glass windshield while hearing the glass particles split again and reached the cool metal tunnel, slamming the button. The exit door flipped open and revealed the heated day. He wiped the sweat off his dirty face with his dirty hand and exhaled with relief that Victoriana was safe, slowly standing upright on top of the glass rooftop, hearing more glass particles split. He stood in place and exhaled with worry, looking up, trying to identify the hole in the rooftop for an absent rocket ship. "Bickman..."
"... should have landed each rocket ship down on top of the parking lot. Then all the rocket ship slots would be empty and closer to Trux and Victoriana. I didn't think swiftly enough." Bickman stood in place and watched the teens.
Dickana stood beside her lounge chair and next to the console panel while sneering at the two live teens with a soft whisper for her two eardrums. "Yeah, I didn't think swiftly enough either."
Trux slowly paced ahead and looked side to side, searching for an empty slot, shouting out to Victoriana. "Victoriana, stay put! Let me find an absent station. Then you can slowly walk over the glass rooftop."
Victoriana continued to stand and viewed the cracks in the rooftop, shouting back. "Okay."
He stopped and searched the dark deep black tinted hole, squatting down, reaching out and touched the metal, shouting out loud with a smile to Victoriana. He looked up and waved to the female with a nod. "Okay! I found one. I am staying squatted down here in front of the opening. Come on over and slowly walk over the glass rooftop. It is safe and sound. I just did it, girl!" He continued to slowly wave one arm in the air and smiled at Victoriana. She was too far away to view his smile and started to walk ahead at a steady, slow pace without balancing her body with both of her arms, staring down at the cracking glass surface with worry and fear of dying.
He watched her and dropped down his arm, looking back down into the hole, examining the interior metal. The metal appeared solid, without a single exposed bolt or tiny screw for body harm. Trux looked up and smiled at Victoriana. She slowly walked across the glass rooftop and almost reached his person.
Inside the room, each archivist stared at the ceiling glass in silence holding their sour breath that a terrible accident did not occur for either teen.
On the rooftop, at the opening, Victoriana stopped with worry and stared down into the dark semi-curved tunnel, wearing a torn and dirty yellow tinted short sundress without her new pair of matching high heeled fashion sandals but carried a new designer purse in bright red that held her American driver's license, the new mobile telephone from Bickman, and her father's credit card. She frowned. "Where does this dark unseen tunnel go down into, Trux?"
Trux patted the metal opening and winked at Victoriana. "This is one of the eight rocket ship slots that funnels down into the floor on the tenth level, where the rest of our team stands and waits for our surprising presence. Sit on the edge and then slip off the surface for the fun ride down through the metal tunnel. Bickman, she said that it was safe."
She continued to stare down into the darkness with nervousness and worry. "Yeah, I heard her words and trust her words, but I scared of her words."
He reached out and gently patted her naked arm. Her slime suit had drifted away into a series of tiny colorful molecules of air currents along with Trux's slime suit. "Go on! The sunlight is hot up here. I'm sweating like a piglet. What time is it here in Birmingham?"
She didn't look up at the sunlight but stared at the shadow of the sunlight through the glass surface that reached down into the tenth floor. "I had shopped for three hours for clothes that I had lost during the Rus chase. We had arrived at noontime for the lunch meal. So, it is four hours later here in Birmingham. We left at 05:30 am. So, the current time is 09:30 in the morning."
Victoriana started to slide off the warm glass surface with a worried face and then screamed out loud with fearful fright, falling on her fanny, riding the semi-curved tunnel and then landed on top of the new floor of white tinted carpet that cushioned her body. She continued to sit and fume with embarrassment and annoyance at the semi-circle of archivists.
Levine and Patsie yelled out loud with relief and quickly approached Victoriana, helping her to stand, slowly leading the teen towards the dancing elevators. Levine nodded with a stern face. "You must go immediately to the First Aid room, which is located on the first floor. We take the dancing elevator down to the first floor. There are lots of fancy pieces of medical equipment down there. I must examine your injured body and ensure that you are not wounded. Else, you can sue the Birmingham Art and Science Center for neglect and abuse and ..."
"Shut up, Levine!" Dickana sneered at the misbehaving employee.
Levin giggled and continued to cuddle Victoriana while whispering precious words into her cheekbone. Levine, Victoriana, and Patsie entered the dancing elevator with laughter. The door closed shut. The elevator started its dancing and moved down to each crooked floor level.
Inside the Exhibition Room, Trux appeared next inside the opening and tumbled down onto the carpet, sitting on his fanny, waving both of his arms with a big smile of fun. "That was fantastic! Let's do something like that again!" He dropped both of his arms and nodded with a grin to Dickana.
"Let's not!" Bickman turned and growled at the dark brown hair roots on Dickana, who smiled down at Trux.
Dickana had decided that junior archivist Trux was the lead for the Villain of the Villainous Only a true talented villain could have performed that life-saving feat, without practice or fear.
Gemma continued to stand in the semi-circle with Dickana and Bickman, nodding with a smile, clapping with her evil plan while staring down at Trux. He possessed the Thor's Hammer coin in the back pocket of his dirty blue jeans.
Trux slowly stood upright and smiled at the four individuals. "We're all safely back home. What are we doing next for the next adventure?"
Gemma stomped ahead towards Trux, when Bickman extended both of her muscular arms and then gently tapped Gemma on the chest. Gemma back stepped from Trux and gasped in alarm.
Bickman quickly moved ahead and wrapped both of her arms around Trux, pulling back with a sisterly grin and a nod. "Trux, you did a great job rescuing Victoriana and piloting the rocket ship. Are you planning to attend college?"
Trux nodded with a smile. "Yes, ma'am! That's why I took a summer job for some college monies to attend the local university in the autumn session."
She spun around and cuddle Trux moving both ahead towards the other dancing elevator that held an open archway. "I have a professional scholarship program that I offer to one of the junior archivists each summer."
Trux smiled. "Wow! That's great!"
Gemma gasped in alarm. Bickman was escorting Trux from the Exhibition Room right here and right now. Gemma needed to give Trux a congratulatory hug and then steal back the Thor's Hammer coin from his back pocket of his faded blue jeans, before one of the smarter professional archivists saw the ancient item and then questioned Gemma. She dashed ahead with a fake smile and followed behind Bickman and Trux, waving her arms in the air, shouting out loud. "Trux! Trux! Watch a second there! I need to speak with you, right here and right now."
Bickman smiled. "I wanna give you a personal scholarship for your college academics."
Trux nodded with a grin. "Really! That's sound great, Bickman! Do I really qualify for your scholarship program?"
In the middle of the room, junior archivist Lowell stood beside Dickana and stared at the back spine on Trux crossing his arms, shaking his bone skull with a soft whisper. "I should receive an academic scholarship first. I'm much smarter than the farmer boy."
Bickman laughed out loud. "You...you more than qualify, Trux. If you want, we can go down to my business office on the first floor and fill out your electronic application. Once the application is processed within a couple of days, you will have a full four-year scholarship to any university throughout the USA. What college are you interested in enrolling at?"
"Trux!" Gemma shouted out loud and continued to dash ahead slamming into the back spine on Bickman by mistake. Bickman was hugging Trux when her muscular arm intersected with the two roaming hands on Gemma. Gemma halted with a gasp of shock and stretched out her single hand trying to touch the rear pocket on Trux, where her coin was located.
Bickman halted with a sneer and quickly spun around, staring at Gemma. "Time for rest, recovery, and restoration, Gemma! Go and tell Lowell and Victoriana the new information. Everyone, go and take the next one hour for rest and refreshments. Then, everyone, return back here into the Exhibition Room, at eleven sharp am, for our next adventure. Ain't that right, Dickana?" She spun around with laughter and cuddled Trux, swiftly advancing them towards the open elevator carriage and stopped inside. The door closed. The dancing elevator slowly descended with its unique dance down to the first floor.
Gemma stood in silent fury staring at the closed doors. The second dancing elevator carriage sounded with a musical tone and then the doors opened. Lowell dashed ahead with a smile and entered the elevator carriage first. Gemma gasped in alarm and followed Lowell.
He reached out for the button panel when Gemma slapped his hand away. She reached for the first-floor button to find Trux and then retrieve her coin. Then she would be leaving her summer job and the building for her house.
Lowell laughed out loud and then slammed his body into Gemma, who hit the side wall and then he pressed the eighth floor for his bedroom. The doors closed shut. Gemma landed on the floor. The dancing elevator started its unique motion down to the ninth floor.
Dickana stood in the middle of the room and sneered at the group of live teenagers while pondering a new and more dangerous archive adventure. And she had a brilliant idea.
Chapter Two



At 11:03 pm, on the 10th floor, at the Traveling Exhibition room, the glass ceiling had been replaced by the working robot crew and presented a dull black tinted metal ceiling with numerous seams blocking out the rays of bright sunlight. The three other walls were made of colorful metal as vertical plumes of white steam danced up and down the material. The white steam drifted around the room making it difficult to see but not to hear.
Dickana stood in the middle of the misty room, without the metal forest of rocket ship bottom frames. Some of the non-damaged rocket ships were stored back down into their compartment inside the rooftop hold. The other damaged ones had been removed from the rooftop hold by a group of efficient machine robots and then now lounged inside an underground work station that was housed down inside the hidden basement on the Birmingham Science and Art Center for repairs or for parts.
The single gigantic sliding door on the first dancing elevator on the right side of the entrance wall opened first and revealed the cast of junior archivists. Then the second dancing elevator on the left side of the wall appeared and slid open the single door, presenting the senior archivists.
Dickana smiled and motioned her archive team into the room. "You can quickly view that the television screens are gone along with the lounge chairs. The entire room is made of colored metal walls, ceiling, and the floor space. Now, we are going to perform a new archive task for the rest of the morning and during the lunchtime period."
Gemma entered with Lowell and stared at the new room. "How did Dickana modify the tenth-floor room space so fast? The glass ceiling is repaired and glows in sunlight. The three walls are all glass, not metal."
Lowell moved with Gemma and smiled at the new environment. "Robots are taking over the world. Dickana employs a team of robots that work around the Birmingham Art and Science Center which is paid by the taxpayers, of course. In the next couple of new , robot automation will replace 30 million American workers in the areas of cooks, waiters, waitresses, fast food cashiers, short-term truck drivers, postal workers, warehouse workers, police officers, manufacturing workers, hotel clerks, clerical office workers, and archivists," he laughed.
She gasped in shock. "Really! Are robots that close to replacing a human?"
"Have you visited the local Low-Mart store? The self-checkout kiosk is very busy and very popular and very accurate with each merchandise item and the money purchase from the buying customer without a snobby or unfriendly cashier. Some of the larger retail stores employ two or three rows of self-checkout kiosks also. Some of the larger restaurant chains are using cook-less robots in the kitchen preparing the meals. And some of the larger hotel chains are employing robots at nighttime when everyone is sleeping or partying, which converse in digital voice assistant with dozens of foreign languages for each foreign guest. The AI world will produce financial economic growth, reduce prices, and increase demand for new technological jobs while the other lower skilled jobs disappears. This is only the beginning, baby!" Lowell laughed and pointed at the room. "This entire room had been modified with robot technology while we rested, recovered, and restored back into our human health. This is the future, babe!"
Lowell and Gemma stopped and stood several feet from Dickana swatting at the plumes of wet mist from a face. The other archivists joined and then formed a semi-crooked line while staring at Dickana.
Dickana smiled. "I am so sorry that we didn't uncovered and find the ring for the dead and gone King Solomon."
Levine rocked back and forth with a smile. "Actually, some people believe in the spiritual concept of reincarnation. A living soul comes back down from the heavenly plane and lives again here on the earthly plane while reliving a new life with their bad karma from a previous Earth life. So, King Solomon returned back down to Planet Earth and then he remembered where he had placed his ring and then took it." He laughed with the others.
She frowned. I do not possess knowledge of reincarnation, but I do possess new knowledge."
"What is your new knowledge, Dickana?" Bickman frowned at her deceptive supervisor.
Dickana slapped her chest and smiled. "My new knowledge! We are changing our archive goal this afternoon. As we have again survived yet another fist fight with the Rus."
Patsie exhaled with annoyance and asked the question again. "Why are the Rus following and then fighting with us, Dickana?"
She nodded with a grin. "I do not possess that knowledge to address that question, Patsie. The Rus are looking and locating the ring of King Solomon also and have crossed our American pathway too many times. So, we should abandon the search for the ring of King Solomon and avoid the Rus for the rest of the summertime days and nights. Right here and right now, we are all back in the USA. Now, our new goal is to uncover the missing bars of gold from the Civil War Between the U.S States."
"No one has done that. And everyone knows that the Civil War treasury chest of shiny and pure gold bars are missing. And no living person knows the hidden secret of one single golden bar, Dickana." Victoriana frowned.
She slapped her chest and nodded with an evil grin. "I know that fairy tale and I also know the true secret. The missing bars of gold had been robbed from the Union soldiers one day and dreary night by a set of Alabama bandits. The Bama bandits had known the territory and had been quickly pursed on horseback by the remaining Union soldiers and made their way to Lake Martin in the year 1864. Lake Martin was not flooded with fresh water back then. In the year 1923, the state built a dam of water that provided hydroelectric power to the local residential homes and businesses while providing tons of fun in the bright Alabama sunshine for fishing, skiing and exploring Mother Nature. All of that is said and done! So, the Bama bandits stopped the horses and buried their precious treasure down into the clay soil in the year 1864 which became flooded in the year 1923. Now, you know, and I know the true story, which is more interesting find and fact than the misplaced Ring of Solomon. The missing chest of golden bars is located down in the bows of a river bed. The river bed is called Lake Martin."
"Lake Martin! The bars of missing gold are in here. I fish down there all the time. I've never heard a rumor of chests of golden bars down inside the river bed. Lake Martin is a fresh water lake." Trux smiled and whipped out his personal mobile telephone, typing on the tiny keyboard screen with a gasp of alarm, looking up to see Dickana. "Lake Martin is 80 miles east of Birmingham. Are you driving an individual automobile to Lake Martin? We can't fly the rocket ships. Some of them are damaged and only hold one heavy person or two lightweight persons inside the cockpit. But I do believe that action would become kinda dangerous for any daring archive pilot."
"Great analogy, Trux!" Dickana nodded with a smile and slapped the control panel underneath her ratty tan colored sandal. "We do not possess a van or a car for official business transportation." Behind the back spine on Dickana, a long red tinted panel slowly slid sideways and revealed a gigantic hole in the floor. At the same time, on each side of the wall, an individual blue tinted metal panel slid sideways and revealed a gigantic opening. Each archivist turned and gasped at the moving walls, watching the commotion. At the same time, from each opening, a hydraulic machine slowly scooted out a naked body frame of an automobile. 
Dickana continued to stand with a smile and pointed at each naked automobile. "This is called the body frame or a rolling chassis which contains the four wheels and all of the running gear including the front engine, the transmission, the drive shaft, the steering column, the suspension, and all of the other items that are needed to drive a new automobile. Today, we are going to finish building your race car. Then we all will have some fun competitive racing to Lake Martin." Each archivist cheered and clapped with enthusiasm. Dickana continued. "Each rolling chassis is the same length. However, you can use the robotic arm and cut the axle in half creating a smaller automobile or use the full chassis. Above your head is a metal ceiling with numerous seams that outline each sliding panel that stores the robotic helpers. On each side wall, where the naked body frame has emerged, there is a long metal work station with hand tools for the true car mechanic and a laptop computer for the true car inventor. Since the chassis is naked and built, you can type on the computer and place your order for one pilot chair or two chairs or four chairs depending on the final length of your chassis. Once your chair or chairs are bolted down onto the chassis, you can select the exterior design of your new automobile by typing the desired product on your laptop. The robot crew is located behind your work station and will quickly construct, paint, assembly, and then place your desired exterior car frame over the naked body frame. Then, your masterpiece is done and ready for driving to Lake Martin."
Bickman frowned at the side wall that displayed three. "This concept is called a Funny Car. A Funny Car is a type of drag racing vehicle with a tilt-up fiberglass body over a chassis appearing like a showroom car. The fake body shell also serves as an important aerodynamic purpose while illegally racing down Interstate 95 to one's final destination," she laughed with the others.
She nodded with a smile and clapped with delight. "Everyone has heard the story. Go and pick out wall work station and get to work. You can type in your lunch meal order. The crew of robots have access to the kitchen and will prepare and bring out your lunch meal and any type of beverages also." Each archivist clapped with excitement and scattered around the side walls. Dickana continued to stand and watched her archive team members, slowly back stepping from the middle of the room, colliding into the naked body frame. Her work station was located on the far wall. She scooted around the naked body frame and turned to face the green colored metal work station with a single black tinted laptop computer. Behind the work station, the row of silver tinted robots was still and quiet displaying rows of bright yellow tinted eyeballs that watched the human. Dickana fiddled with the computer and typed out her car design, sitting on top of the stool, watching the robot crew work.


§


Two hours later, at 01:02 pm, the last group of robots slowly lowered the exterior body frame on Lowell's car. The rest of the archive team members stood in front of their individual automobile nodding with approval and smiling down at the fun archive toy.
On the forward wall in dull green metal, Dickana slid down into her new automobile. The robot crew had cut the axle in half creating a dune buggy automobile that held one person. The long bench colored in white hue surrounded the single steering column and the tan colored console of buttons, switches, and gadgets. She bounced up and down on the soft cushion and reaching out, gently touching each gage, without starting the automobile. The dune buddy body was colored in horizontal individual three inched strips of different colors starting with lavender hue on the bottom, and then followed by the tones of bright red, mint green, yellow, orange, dark purple, and finally dark blue around the door frame. The dune buddy was topless without a single side window or rear windshield, only a front windshield that would keep the bugs out of her mouth.
On the side wall in orange hue, Trux, Victoriana and Bickman stared down at their individual cars.
Trux had designed a jacked-up pickup truck cab in bright aqua tone with three flaming streaks in orange, red, and maroon colors starting at the front bumper and then flowing up towards the rooftop. A short and squat truck bed in midnight black hue filled out the rest of the chassis.
Victoriana smiled down at the luxurious home-made silver tinted duplicate of a 1951 Roy Royce sedan body.
Bickman continued to pace around her new car, a semi-truck without the trailer in the dull color of brown with a painted face of a buck doe on the engine grill going around the sides of the doors. The two smoke stacks displayed eight different brown tinted anglers.
On the blue tinted side wall, Lowell, Gemma, Patsie, and Levine smiled down at their individual car.
Lowell stared down at an orange colored Lamborghini body frame with four solid black wheels. the rooftop was solid black with a pair of fake black tinted headlights.
Gemma patted the window frame on her new yellow tinted Audi TT duplicate with white rims and four black tinted tires, without a rooftop.
Patsie smiled down at her blue and white traditional Indianapolis 500 race car that set low to the ground with four black-tinted wheels and a white tinted spoiler on the rear bumper. She had designed a bubble window over the steering column keeping out the bugs and debris from her face and hands.
Levine gently touched the medium blue tinted classical 1960 Cadillac Eldorado convertible with a smile.
On the forward wall, inside the dune buggy cushion, Dickana ordered and waved her hand at her team members. "Every archivist, please, get inside your vehicle. Don't worry about food items. I have already planned a picnic at the arrival site."
"How am I going to drive my new car down to the first floor, through the small lobby, and out into the city street?" Levine frowned at Dickana.
She laughed and pointed at the forward wall while pressing the master control devise. The forward wall of green metal slowly folded sideways and stored the folded metal in the wall corners, revealing a glass window. "What do you see?"
Trux frowned. "I see a solid glass window on the tenth-floor level."
She smiled. "The Birmingham Art and Science Center is located beside Interstate 20. The front entrance faces west. The rear entrance faces the east and overlooks the grassy park with trees and pods of flowers. One side of the building faces south, without a single glass window, which houses one specific fun ancient or modern kiddie or teenly exhibition. The other side of the building faces Interstate 20. For years, the northern side of the building contained solid brick, without a single window. But I changed that. The Interstate 20 roadway is only a short 164 feet and eight inches from that solid glass window on the tenth-floor level."
"What!" Patsie gasped in alarm. "What are you saying here, Dickana? I don't understand some of your confusing English words."
Bickman laughed. "Dickana has a brilliant idea. She wants each new car to jump through the open window and then land down on an empty roadway. All the Interstate 20 bridges and roads are being replace. This section in front of the Birmingham Art and Science Building has new pavement without a single automobile."
"No!" Gemma screamed in fright.
"Yeah!" Trux laughed in delight.
"How am I supposed to jump from a solid floor, fly through the air, and then land down on a new piece of pavement, Dickana?" Lowell frowned with annoyance.
Dickana smiled. "The parking lot is located underneath the bridge and blocked from the sunlight. Each new automobile contains a new computerized engine. You only need to touch the indigo tinted button on your console. The computer does all the work. You do all the worry. Just kidding! The computer will rev the engine and speed towards the open window, leaping from the floor, flying in the air like a colorful non-singing bird, and then implore the parachute in the rear bumper. You will land on top of the solid pavement that is only 164 feet and eight inches or 1,976 tiny inches from this building face."
"Face it! You have lost your archive mind, Dickana! No! I am not jumping or flying or leaping off a building in order to drive my cute convertible car beyond this room. No! Nope! Never!" Victoriana frowned.
"I will. I wanna go first. Can I go first?" Trux rocked back and forth waving both of his arms in the air, saying with a smile of excitement.
Dickana turned and pointed at each new automobile. "Every archivist, please, get inside your pilot chair, if you dare," she laughed alone.
The other archivists turned and frowned at Trux. Trux opened the door and slid down into the black tinted seat, yelling out the window, holding both of his hands onto the steering wheel. "I'm ready, Dickana!" He trusted Dickana. She was a smart educated woman. Trux wanted to attend college and learn about science topics also.
Dickana started her dune buggy car, steered her vehicle into the side wall, and then stopped, sliding around to view the side wall, Trux, the other archivists, and the glass window. She continued to sit inside her pilot chair. "Now, the pink tinted button is the general communication channel for light chatting or a serious emergency. The green button ignites the engine. the steering column controls the car. The gasoline pedal and brake pedal work like a true automobile. Now, you are set, ready, drive!" She laughed alone and then frowned clearing her throat. "You will drive down Interstate 20 and turn into Highway 280. We will drive 90 miles east all the way down to the city of Dadeville. On your console, there is a navigation system that will chime through each civilized town, in case, you wanna drive a little faster than normal city street speed. Then you will arrive at Lighthouse Lane, where a lighthouse stands and signals all the boaters in the area of the low-lying land. This is our arrival point. Trux, he wants to go for it first. Press the green button to start the engine, Trux!"
On the forward wall, the glass window slowly dropped down into the mechanic slot and then exposed the air waves, without a roadway, the row of high clouds, and the rays of bright sunshine. The other archivists moved away from the pickup truck and gathered into the entrance wall corner while staring at Trux.
Inside the pickup truck cab, junior archivist Trux pressed his foot down on the pedal and roared the engine as the truck stood in place He laughed with adventure. This had been the best summer job of his life. Nothing else in his future life plans could beat this moment.
She shouted out loud. "Go, Trux!"
He shifted the transmission into drive and slapped the gasoline pedal as the computer truly took over. The pickup truck quickly drove over the metal floor straight through the open window. Trux screamed in fear and excitement along with the archivists. The truck flew in the air waves over the gray tinted ground parking lot, and over the concrete bridge railing, falling towards the hard, gray-tinted pavement. Then the parachute deployed behind the rear bumper and swiftly flew upright presenting a white tinted cloth with a painted picture of a human skull.
Trux laughed out loud and slapped the steering wheel with excitement of the moment. The pickup truck slowly rocked side to side and then landed down on the front tires first. Trux was smart and pressed the gasoline pedal, driving the truck over the smooth pavement with relief and happiness, flying down an empty roadway alone.
Inside the tenth-floor exhibition room, each archivist raced to the open window and watched the pickup truck. Then each one spun around with a smile and dashed ahead to their individual automobile, sliding down into the pilot chair, starting the engine while waiting for instructions from Dickana.
On the blue tinted side wall, Victoriana smiled and then slid down into the pilot seat surveying the tan colored console, memorizing all the different colored buttons. She had wanted to quit her new summertime job but changed her girly mind. She was enjoying the excitement of Dickana's crazy ideas. So far, Victoriana was still alive and breathing. However, she was slightly nervous about driving a flying car or flying a driving car.
Gemma pressed her single foot on the gasoline pedal and then the brake without moving her automobile while getting the feel of each foot controls, giggling with excitement of the new event. She did find an ancient healing artifact, a coin with the symbol Thor's Hammer that came from the country of Sweden. However, Trux was still wearing the same faded pair of blue jeans. So, Gemma would steal the precious ancient coin back for her dying mother. Then, she would find one single bar of solid gold down in the river bed of Lake Martin.
Then her parents can retire from their lousy working jobs and enjoy life without worrying about money and bills. This summer job was the best plan from her father.
Gemma was so grateful that her father had forced her into a working job. Her parents were still staying in the country of England while her mother was treated for her ugly cancer cells, until the end of the summer. Then Gemma would fly over to England and present the good news to her parents from their daughter.
Lowell stared out the open window and felt sick to his stomach. Flying around inside the outer space ship was fun, because his body was encircled in a wave of protective metal. This new body transportation method was very dangerous for his flesh, bone, and blood body. He really wanted to stall the car and then stay behind inside the safe building structure while permanently retiring back to his shared bedroom and sleeping off the rest of the day.
Dickana sat in the single pilot seat and switched on the button. On her console, a panel dropped down and displayed a row of tiny television monitors. Inside each funny automobile, a hidden camera lenses were pointed at each face on each young archivist. She laughed out loud and continued to study each teen, whispering for her eardrums only, "Lowell is colored in green hue on his face. He is very fearful and afraid. Well, he is definitely not the Villain of the Villainous. Victoriana was smiling and studying the dashboard console inside her funny automobile. She is curiosity and mentally preparing for the wild free-falling car ride. That is a very good trait for the leader of the entire evil world of nasty people. So, she has become the newest candidate for the position of the villain of the vile Villainous However, Trux is driving towards Highway 280 inside his new pickup truck and laughing out loud while having a good time. He is exhibiting fun and happiness, right before the daring feat through the air waves. He is displaying bravery and courage, which are two very good traits for the vile villain of the Villainous Gemma is duplicating all the evil traits as Trux and Victoriana. Now, I am confused again."
"What are you confused about, Dickana?"
Dickana gasped in shock and turned with a fake smile to view Bickman. "I am confused here. Why are you not inside the driver's seat of your funny automobile?"
"Each one of us has created an illegal race car. Now, each one of us is going to drive the illegal race car on the city street. How will I explain to the parents of Trux that their son is in jail for driving an illegal race car on the city street?"
You think too much, Bickman! I have friends in high places. The only crime is driving over the speed limit. If one of the kids is caught by the local police authorities, then I will personal pull one of my many favors and get the kid out of jail and out of the ticket. Unless, you wanna go to jail for the teen."
"Hell no!" Bickman sneered. "And I wanna know scientifically how Trux was able to fly through the air waves like a bird over 1,976 inches of empty air and down onto the paved roadway, without driving on the roadway."
She smiled. "Good decision, Bickman! Each new automobile is equipped with a jet engine turbo booster of airplane fuel. Once you hit the green button for start and then the amber button to ignite the fuel, the automobile will literally fly through the window, soaring at an upward angle into the clouds and then level off for 1.3 seconds. Then the nose of the car will dive back down and eject a parachute, safely landing at the programmed destination on top of the Interstate 20 pavement. I programmed the computer system myself. I assure you that is correct."
Bickman frowned. "I would like to remind here. That I am the mental mechanic and electrical technician and computer programmer for each piece of movable and operational equipment here, Dickana. If something goes wrong or if someone is injured, then I will do something really bad to you."
"Do not threat me!"
"Do not screw up!" Bickman spun around with a huff of annoyance and entered back into her home-made automobile, staring at Dickana.
Dickana turned and frowned with annoyance at her dashboard, hitting the pink tinted communication button, accessing each console. "All right! This is Dickana. Everyone, can hear me? I can hear you too. Trux, he did a great job. Now, the green button will activate the engine and the computer during flight. The driver really does not have to steer the car. There is a computer chip that controls the steering and the forward motion inside your car such like the outer space mini-rocket. Once your car flies out the open window, one at a time, the car will soar upward at an angle into the row of white tinted and wet clouds and then fly in a level direction for 1.3 seconds. Then the nose of your car will dive back down and free-fall to a certain height of air and then eject out a large parachute. The parachute will upright the car and then safely land you and your car on top of the pavement. Then get moving and meet at our final destination, Lake Martin. Then we will exit the car and explore the fresh cold blue water for some diving fun and find a bar or two of gold. Do you have any questions? Good! I am flying out from the building window next," she steered the car in front of the window and then pressed the indigo button. Her car flew out the building, through the air, landing down on top of the hard pavement. Dickana sped away alone down the empty interstate and ordered to each archivist. "Gemma, go next! Then Victoriana, Bickman, Patsie, Lowell, and finally Levine. Hurry up! Trux is going to get there at Lake Martin and find all of missing golden bars first, without sharing," she laughed out loud and hoped that Lowell and Gemma would die during flight. Then two of the four teens would be eliminated.
Thirty minutes later, the exhibition room was quiet but not empty. The wind currents slapped the open archway and produced a shrill whistling sound.
Senior archivist Bickman motioned for the other archivists to exit the building, before her semi-truck transport. She stayed behind and exited from her vehicle, padding down the one-piece race suit, finding her remote-control device. She pressed the button and then waited. The rows of robots appeared in silence with a pair of yellow eyeballs and then surrounded Bickman. She continued to create a new program for the team of robots. Bickman was the genius engineer here and she was responsible for the lives of the four teens plus the two archivists, excluding her boss Dickana. She had instructed the team of robots to prepare the building for a new emergency, in case, one of the teens needed assistance during the illegal car race to Lake Martin and then back to Birmingham.
Without failure, something went wrong when the four teens were away from the building. But, this time, Bickman would be prepared for any new emergency event.
She finished her programming task and looked up, seeing some of the robot. A robot did not nod or flash or acknowledge her computer skills but slowly scooted around each other, leaving the tenth-floor space, moving around the building.
Bickman quickly entered back into her man-made automobile with a soft growl of worry and pressed the indigo button. Her semi-truck raced across the floor and leaped through the open window, flying in the air waves, heading down towards the hard pavement. The parachute ejected from the rear bumper and flung the heavy semi-truck upright, slowly landing down the roadway. Before the semi-truck hit the pavement, Bickman gunned the gasoline pedal and drove the home-made transport over the roadway at maximum speed while trying to catch with the other archivists.


§


At 02:02 pm, Trux raced his home-made pickup truck down a smooth gray tinted roadway without other traffic through the city of Dadeville, seeing the white tinted lighthouse on top of the grassy park, slamming the brakes and slid into one of the front parking spots. 
The roadway displayed manicured lawn of smooth green tinted grass blades and short groves of trees, small pods of wildflowers winding around towards the river bed on Lake Martin. The lighthouse tower rested on top of a grassy park without people or dogs several feet from the water.
The fresh water lake was colored in blue hue and outlined with groves of tall shade trees, low-lying rows of dark green plants, and assorted wildflowers. The lighthouse area did not possess a boat drop either. Your nostrils smelled the pine odor from the trees and the vanilla fragrances from the flowers through the open windows.
Trux did not kill the engine and laughed out loud, listening to the other conversations from each archivist.
Inside the silver tinted sedan, junior archivist Gemma lifted both of her arms in the air as her body was penned into the soft leather seat. She screamed out loud inside the cockpit. "This is like a wild roller coaster ride at the State Fair."
Trux continue to park and wait for the other archivists, "This is like riding a bucking horse at the local rodeo."
"This is like riding with my mother when she drivers her personal automobile. " Victoriana continued to drive and shouted out loud inside the cockpit of her yellow tinted sports car convertible.
"This is like making me car sick," Lowell slowly drove his home-made transport and leaned out the window, making a disgusting sound, coughing up green vomited down onto the road and down onto the door.
"Hurry up, Sports Coat! I'm here and about to dive into the water, reaching the gold first," Trux laughed into the speaker box.
Lowell gasped in worry and wiped off his dirty face, steering faster down the pavement towards the lighthouse tower also for finding the gold bars too.


§


At 02:22 pm, each home-made vehicle arrived at the lighthouse tower and parked in a spot, sliding out from the driver's seat.
Dickana stopped the vehicle and scooted out, leaving the door open, standing beside her ride. She extended one arm in the air and waved to each one of her working employees, shouting out loud. "Every archivist, please, get out and come over here! I wanna explain our new surroundings." Each person exited their vehicle and rushed ahead, standing in a semi-circle around Dickana and her vehicle.
She pointed at the different pieces of Mother Nature. "This spot is called Lake Martin. We got here by illegally car racing on Highway 280 within one hour of driving time. But do not tell your parents!" She laughed. "Now, before we begin our new treasure hunt. I wanna tell each one of you the ancient history of Lake Martin. First, the lake is shaped like a dragon image and surrounded by either an array of short tall and thick gray tinted limestone rock cliffs and covered in shrubs and plants or a strip of low-lying thick groves of forest. This is the largest man-made fresh water lake in the world. The watery landscape is comprised of 31 miles long from north to south and stretches ten miles from the eastern to the western horizon. The maximum depth is155 feet deep in some cold spots, but 41 feet deep in the shallow areas. The lake water covers 44,150 acres and includes 880 miles of soft loamy shoreline. The shoreline is comprised of loam sand. Loam sand is not the pretty white tinted sand that you will see at the coastline beaches. Loam sand consists of seven percent red clay soil; 50 percent of black silt, and 43 percent of white sand grains. The feel of loam is soft to the touch. Reach down and feel the soil!" Each archivist obeyed and stood upright, staring at Dickana. She nodded. "This lake is very active with deer herds, stabled horses, home residents, some vacationers, and modern-day retirees. The lake attracts droughts, tornadoes, fishing tournaments, boat races, and even a World War II aircraft crash."
Victoriana bounced up and down with excitement. "Did we come here to go sailing? I love traveling over the smooth placid fresh water, without a hungry shark or a flipping dolphin by a sailboat. It is so romantic, especially at night," she turned and winked at Lowell.
Dickana shook her bald mound with a stern face. "No! We are not going sailing on a sailboat or water skiing on a pair of skis. We are not going into any of the lake houses for refreshments either. We are here to dive down into the deepest part of the lake looking for a chest of gold bars."
Lowell slapped his new racing outfit in bright blue colors. "But I'm not dressed as a fisherman or a swimmer or boater or a hiker or a horseman."
She laughed. "You receive the grand prize for the day, Lowell! You are not dressed as a diver. Now, go and look in the rear of your home-made transport inside the tiny trunk. There is a yellow tinted diver suit for each one with a pair of flippers, and a dive helmet that holds oxygen. Go now! Go and get dressed in new your diving gear!" Each archivist spun around and returned to their individual transports, dressing in the gear, coming back to Dickana, who was dressed in a yellow diving suit also. 
She nodded. "We use a buddy system during our dive adventure. So, everyone, go and buddy up!" Gemma selected Lowell. Trux leaned over and winked at Victoriana. Patsie stretched out her naked hand to Levine. Bickman moved ahead and stopped, standing beside Dickana while growling down at her naked hair roots.
Dickana gasped in alarm and looked up, staring at Bickman, returning to see the other archivists. "The lighthouse faces north. We want to cover all the geographical bases here. Gemma and Lowell two swim in a northeastern direction. Victoriana and Trux, you work the northwestern direction. Patsie and Lowell, you, two start exploring the southern waters which will be behind the lighthouse tower. I will explore due east. Now, you must stay away from all the water skis and the wakeboards and the speed boats and the fishing boats. You can always swim under the water to avoid a water unfriendly. I will repeat again. We are located at the lighthouse tower. Once you are under the water, you need to mark your spot. The face mask talks to each diver and monitors your body temperatures and takes pictures of the sea objects. Whoever finds something that resembles a chest or a box or a single golden bar, call out. Then, each one of us will swim to your spot. All right! Good luck and good hunting!" She continued to stand and smiled at her archive team.
Each archivist slowly spun around and moved ahead with their buddy, except for Bickman.
Dickana growled. "I can swim..."
"...with me," Bickman shoved her tall body into a petite Dickana while forcing both off the pavement, through the grass.
From the sandy loam shoreline, Victoriana and Trux waddled down into the shallow fresh water as each one surveyed the surrounding groves of trees and other shorelines. When the water hit their waistline and their pair of naked feet lounged on top of the smooth rock surface, each one pressed a button on the special dive suit. The suit swiftly expanded with a set of tiny squeaks inflating a pair of flippers over each naked ankle bone that extended to cover every naked toe bone, creating a pair of diver flippers. Then the back spine slowly inflated outward and activated the hidden and built-in air machine that produced a flow of fresh air, slapping into the jaw line on each teen.
Each teen slipped on the fish-bowl-looking diver helmet over their hair roots that clicked down into the tall collar shield that covered their naked throat muscles. Thus, the diver suit was complete and producing a fresh supply of air for the treasure hunt of gold that was hidden down in the depths of the Lake Martin River.
They slowly moved ahead through the calm waves and then leaped up from the rock floor, swimming ahead, diving down into the deep river water, flipping each flipper towards the northwestern direction. Each one activated the tiny microphone inside the helmet for safety and security.
Trux continued to dive a few feet from Victoriana and surveyed the new environment. "We are at marked five feet below the water surface and diving slowly towards the bottom." A metal green tinted panel from the racing boat steered over the smooth water and rippled the current over each helmet on Victoriana and Trux. He gasped in worry. "I think we need to dive faster and start looking for something." He dived faster down and hit the fifteen-foot mark. "I feel safer at this deeper distance."
"I do also." Victoriana talked back into her tiny microphone and scanned the area also. "What are we looking for?"
He frowned inside the face mask. "I don't know."
She frowned inside her face mask. "Well, take a guess here! Where would a chest of gold bars be hidden down here inside an upright and rotten tree stump, underneath a grove of dead shrubs?"
He smiled. "Well, I can see a thicket of rotten tree stump logs further down near the river floor. We can start here first and search each one. I would think a golden bar would still shine underneath the water or the mud."
She giggled. "Okay!"
They wiggled their legs and dived deeper down into the water.


§


On top of the shoreline in front of the lighthouse tower, Patsie donned her helmet and pressed the button feeling the dive suit inflate over her body with air flow and protection.
Levine performed the same task. They waddled down into the water and then swam together while slapping the communication button, pointing at the lovely sea objects in the southern lake waters.


§


On the other side of the lighthouse, Gemma and Lowell inflated the dive suit and then jumped into the water, diving down towards the river floor, heading in a northeastern direction while searching each object for a golden bar.


§


On top of the shoreline, beside the lighthouse, Bickman continued to sneer and stared down at Dickana. "I'll be watching you very closely, today, Dickana. I like the idea of diving for fun, but I am very doubtful about finding the lost golden treasure of the Civil War. The bandits buried that treasure over 150 years ago. However, I do wonder what your about brilliant and dangerous ideas. Someone could get hurt, if it wasn't for me."
"You!" Dickana turned with a sneer to see Bickman. "What does that mean?"
Bickman smiled. "It means that I got it covered." She placed the diver helmet over her head and waited for Dickana to dress next, shoving Dickana into the water. Bickman followed next and swam around the tree roots, the tree trunks, and the sea animals while continuing to watch Dickana with one eyeball and her watch monitor screen for the six tiny dots that represented an archivist.


§


Underneath the water, Trux and Victoriana didn't find an object that appeared like a bar inside the first chump of tree stumps and slowly swam away, searching for another clue of the lost bars of gold.
Victoriana continued to swim and frowned with frustration. "This dive thing is boring. The lake is 31 miles long. It would take months and years to find one single bar of gold, if the gold is even down here. I don't wanna do this dive thing anymore."
Trux smiled and swam ahead, chasing after the school of fish. "Yeah, I agree. But I like getting out of the office. I thought we would be filing electronic copies of papers or mopping the floor. It's a really cool-looking, home-made automobile and then driving it illegally on the roadway and then flying in a mini-rocket ship in the sky, until you destroy it. Why are you so bored? Am I boring?"
"No!" She halted in the water and frowned at the rock formation. "That's a large rock under the water!"
He swam towards the rock and started touching the mineral. "Yeah, that's is called Chimney Rock. Since we can't find a gold bar, let's go and climb on the rock. There're lots of visitors to the rock. We can jump off the rock and land back down into the water for some fun. The lake is really not too fun unless you are sport fishing or sport riding in a boat," Trux swam around the side towards the natural made rock steps that led to the top of the rock surface.
Victoriana smiled inside the helmet and followed Trux.


§


Dickana entered the water and started diving and then started swimming at ten feet below the shoreline while getting freed from Bickman, which was not working. She followed the school of orange fish and continued to lead away from the rock fringe, without communicating with Bickman. Bickman did not bother to converse with Dickana, only watching her water movements.


§


At the southern water, senior archivist Patsie swam twenty feet from the river bed and then halted admired the long rows of peddles. "I see hundreds, thousands, millions of colorful pebbles. This is a strange configuration."
Levine slowly moved his limbs and hovered in the water without dropping down onto the floor. "Lake Martin was a piece of dry land and filled with residential houses with workers, before the dam was built and then the government flooded all of the landscape. That is an ancient pathway that leads to a torn down house."
She smiled inside her helmet and dropped down walking over the pebbles. "O! Let's walk it for fun!"
He frowned and followed several feet behind Patsie. "What about the gold bars?"
She flipped her arm slowly in the water. "No one knows the location of the lost gold from that gang of bandits. And no one knows the location of the lost ring of King Solomon. I don't understand where Dickana gets her information or her ideas."
"I do believe that our leader is nuts or crazy or insane."
"Well, which one is she?" She laughed and then halted staring at the entwining tree roots that covered a large object in the water. "What is this?"
He halted and fiddled with the buttons on his helmet. "I just told you. The pathway of tiny pebbles leads to an ancient house, before the year 1923. This house is still underwater. That's so sad to pollute the lake with large pieces of trash."
She reached out and jerked on the tree roots. "Let's go inside the house and look around!"
"No, Patsie!" He spun around from his buddy and viewed the far distance of wiggling water without seeing another archivist. "We should head back to the lighthouse tower and find the picnic basket. I'm getting hunger after swimming around the lake water."
"Yes! There could be gold or silver or diamonds in here. Then our wasted morning and afternoon would be not wasted anymore but filled with sparkling treasure."
He chuckled. "Are you going to share with Dickana?"
"I will share my treasure loot with you, Levine!" She continued to jerk on the thick tree roots.
"You're such a ..."
"...snake!"
He spun around and sneered at the back spine on Patsie that was swimming into his helmet. "What did you call me?"
Patsie pointed at the tree roots, where she had perturbed the snakes and their family members. A row of snakes was racing towards her helmet and as she continued to swim away from them, shouting out loud. "Snakes. Snakes! Get outta of here now!"
Levine gasped in alarm and pressed the row of buttons. "Calm down, Patsie! On your arm band, there is a button for a turbo jet that activates a tiny machine on your back spine moving away from the advancing snakes. Press the yellow button!" He slammed the yellow button and then sailed through the waters backwards heading further into the middle of the lake.
Patsie continued to swim from the snakes and searched for the yellow button, tapping the item, flying backwards from the snakes, soaring into the middle of the lake. They both moved further away from the shoreline, the lighthouse tower, and the other members of the archive team.


§


On the northwestern side of the lighthouse, Trux surfaced from the water with a smile and continued to wear the helmet, reaching out, grabbing onto the naked rocks and pulled his body from the water. Victoriana followed behind Trux. He spun around and squatted down, pulling her from the water, standing beside him. He did not remove the helmet but pointed at the rock formations. "Welcome to Chimney Rock Island!"
She slowly spun around and gasped in alarm, viewing all the people. "There are lots of people here."
He nodded and viewed the open waters, wishing to spend the day here. "This is popular spot for boaters and fishermen and residents, who enjoy the view into the clouds and jumping down into the water. The highest rock is twenty feet high. Do you wanna jump off the rock? We gotta take off our equipment first."
She spun around and scanned the open waters. "I don't know. I feel uncomfortable here, Trux! We are supposed to looking for treasure. Maybe, we should leave and go and find another buddy pair."
He smiled. "Why? What for? This is better than swimming around the water. This is a lake, and these are lake people."
The person wore a red tinted dive suit and dashed away from the group of friends, racing ahead over the rough rock structure, dropping down on the side and rolled down the slight hill right towards Victoriana. Then the rolling diver slammed into the upright legs on Victoriana. She lost her balance and fell forward into the lake water.
Trux gasped in alarm and spun around, ducking down from the flying fist of red tinted diver that contained a Rus teen. He jumped backwards from another flying fist and landed down in the water, flipping over, diving back down into the deep. He spun around and reached out, grabbing Victoriana, swimming away from Chimney Rock Island with four Rus teens on his two flippers.


§


In the eastern lake waters, head archivist Dickana continued to swim without really looking for a single gold bar following the fringe of the landmass and then surfaced on top of the water, disappearing from the water.
Bickman was a lousy spy and gasped inside the helmet, quickly driving her head up towards the surface, emerging from the water. A white tinted ball hit her helmet. She gasped in alarm and surveyed the landscape. The manicured short green tinted grassy lawn quickly identified one of the local golf courses. The three players were lousy at the game of golf or enjoyed hitting their golf balls into the water for fun.
Bickman didn't like for the golf players to pollute the lake waters and swam ahead towards the flat grass, emerging like a yellow monster from the fresh water. The three players stopped hitting the balls and then gasped in alarm, spinning around to their golf kart, leaving the golf hole. Bickman stopped on the edge of the manicured green lawn and laughed at the three silly men.
A loud pop echoed throughout the air waves. She looked up and gasped in shock.
A short yellow tinted dive suit was flying in the air and attached to a red and white stripped flying balloon that was sailing Dickana over the golf course, over Bickman, and over the lake waters.
On top of the grass, Bickman growled with annoyance. "What are you doing, Dickana?" She slowly spun around and followed the balloon with Dickana, feeling the punch from an unfriendly fist, tumbling ahead into the water. She spun around and gasped in alarm seeing three red tinted dive suits that contained an individual diver. She shouted out loud inside her helmet. "The Rus!" She reached down and slapped her leg, opening the panel, jerking out the hand gun, pressing the trigger. Nothing happened. "Get into the water! The hand gun works in the water." She waved her free hand on the row of Rus divers and then stumbled down into the water, submerging into the light waves. The three Rus divers followed Bickman.
Bickman flipped around and swam back towards the home-made automobiles at the lighthouse tower, looking down at the radar monitor, seeing bad news.


§


In the northeastern waters, Gemma and Lowell were separated by several feet of water while searching for a shiny object on top of the river floor.
As she approached the large object on the river floor, Gemma gasped in shock and pointed at the item, "Look there!"
"What!" Lowell frowned at the tree stump of mud.
"Didn't you see it? It is over there." She moved closer to the object.
He spun around to find Gemma. "What is over there, Gemma?"
She stopped and pointed at the object. "I found it. I found it. I found it. I found that crashed World War II airplane down here with us on the bottom of the lake. We are marked at 155 feet from the water surface. Let's go and check it."
He hovered in place. "No, Gemma! We should not go and check it out! We're searching for an individual shiny bar of gold that would be hidden inside a lump of sea plants or a row of tree stumps. After we find it, we'll become famous and rich." 
She continued to point at the object with a smile. "Look at that! I did it."
"You didn't do anything, Gemma!"
"I see two bodies. This is the World War II plane with the dead body of the pilot and all of the missing crewman on the crashed airplane, like Dickana had explained."
He stopped and frowned at the object, speaking through the microphone. "No, that is not an airplane. That is a crashed automobile without a windshield and the front section on the wrecked car, not an airplane. An airplane possesses a set of wings. There are not any wings on an automobile."
Gemma spun around and floated away from the wrecked automobile. "Well, I am very close to one of my prizes. If I can't find a gold bar, then I will find that World War II airplane. Dickana said the war plane was here somewhere at the depth of 150 feet."
He smiled. "I agree with Dickana. And we did not find the World War II bomber. We found a late model car with two skeleton bodies of something that died here a long time ago. Let's leave this area!" Lowell continued to float upright and stood on top of the solid rock bottom, staring with puzzlement at the folded body of the skeleton driver that had been preserved for decades.
The right arm on the dead skeleton slowly floated up in the water and then halted in place. Lowell gasped in shock. 
The five skeleton fingers on the right hand wiggled individually up and down like a wave of friendship. He continued to hover stare at the right hand and gasped in alarm.
Gemma screamed through the microphone. "The Rus! They're down here with us in the water! Swim! Get away from the car, Lowell!" A large object hit her back spine as she twirled in the water and then halted, posing upside down, looking at the massive figure in a red tinted diver suit.
She kicked both of her legs and then swam sideways, standing upright, viewing a tall male and then kicked out her flipper at his stomach but the water pressure was too great. She completed missed his upright body and gasped in shock, slowly back pedaling with both of her arms and legs, swimming away from the unknown male, yelling into her microphone." Leave, Lowell! I can't defeat the Rus male over here. I'm swimming away. Come with me!"
They spun around and swam in a southern direction flying around each short tree stump and each of pile of wet bush underneath the water, where the growing pile had accumulated from each massive thunderstorm that cleansed the grove of dead tree limbs and bush. Once the heavy rains ended, each loose tree limb, all the detached live and dead tree leaves, and rolling plant bushes and flower petals floated on top of the water surface and then drowned down with gravity, settling any place along the bottom.


§


Under the water, Patsie continued to sail through the waters and pressed more of the colorful button and then halted in place exhaling in fear and nervousness, shouting into her microphone. "Hit the orange button, Levine!"
Levin heard the words inside his ear bug and hit the orange button halting in place, exhaling in panic and fright. 
They continued to hover in the water while measuring the distance from the shoreline and the lighthouse with the electronics on their dive suit while monitoring the oxygen level.


§


Several feet beyond Chimney Rock Island, Bickman could see two dots in yellow and two dots in blue which were not friendly to Trux and Victoriana. She came over the microphone and yelled out loud. "There is a stun gun built inside your diver suit and located on the side of your leg, like a sea cowgirl, Victoriana. Slap the suit skin at the hip on your right side. The hard motion will activate the panel."
Trux released Victoriana and veered towards a lump of trees hoping the four Rus teens chased after him, slapping his leg and pulled out the hand gun. He spun around and halted with a smile aiming the barrel at the closest Rus teen.
Victoriana continued to swim and then hit her leg, felting the tiny machine grow outward over his naked skin, reaching down, without looking down at the weapon, sneering at the tall female Rus She drew up the weapon and pressed the single trigger, gasping in shock. "It doesn't work. There isn't any flame or fire or discharge."
Bickman watched on her portable wrist watch devise and laughed through the microphone at Trux, "Your weapon is a microwave gun, Trux. Yeah, it did work. I'm half-a-mile from your cowboy stance. Look around the water!"
Victoriana turned and scanned the flowing clear water. A school of fish had stopped swimming and floated in stillness while breathing the water. The Rus female was stunned, without death, slowly breathing inside her fish-bowl face mask, slowly floating in the water without harm.
Trux smiled. "Yeah, it did work."
Bickman ordered. "Get swimming now! Get back to the lighthouse tower right now, before the Rus teens become un-stunned or their buddies find you and then harm your or Victoriana. Get now!"
"Yes sir!" He voiced through the shared microphone.
"We are going, Bickman." Victoriana shouted through the shared microphone also.
Within the geographical northeastern waters, near the wrecked car, Lowell swiftly swam ahead of the chasing Rus teen in the red tinted dive suit and yelled into his microphone. "Help! I need some help over here!"
A tall, ugly Rus female possessed the same microwave hand gun firing an individual and invisible ray at the American male while stunning any swimming sea life in sight, but Lowell. He managed to clip a long tree branch that was attached to his flipper advancing through his water movements. The Rus female was still chasing and firing at Lowell with her lousy aim from her ray gun.
Lowell swam ahead and then whipped around, hiding behind each tall rotten tree stump or each school of fish and then each wrecked boat panels. The Rus teen continued to hunt for Lowell and fire haphazardly into the water. 
Bickman continued to swim ahead towards the lighthouse tower and continued to watch her tiny wrist watch screen, yelling into the microphone. "I see through my fish-bowl helmet that you are losing the battle here with the Rus teen. There is a hand gun built into the side of your dive suit on the leg. Use it!"
Lowell gasped in worry. "What will happen?" 
"You will win," she laughed and continued to swim towards the lighthouse tower. "Hurry up and defeat your enemy! Time to leave Lake Martin, Lowell!"


§


In the southwestern waters, Patsie exhaled with worry. "I have thirty minutes of air left in my in-built air tank. And I know you have the same amount. We must surface and swim back to the lighthouse. I have estimated that we are five miles from the lighthouse."
Levine slowly spun around and then halted, pointing at the massive steel beams. "What is that there?'
"Well, based on my findings using this tiny computer on my arm, we are located right below the vehicular bridge of Highway 63. I guess we could climb one of the steel legs and then walk down the bridge and wait for Dickana and Bickman to come and pick us up."


§


Fleeing towards the lighthouse tower and away from Chimney Rock Island, Victoriana spun around and fired at the Rus female, swimming backwards before the microwave reached the Rus teen. Victoriana continued to swim backwards and passed the row of crashed boat parts and pieces, where Trux was hidden at the moment. She swam ahead and continued to fire her microwave hand gun.
Trux exited the wreckage and spun around in the water, discharging his hand gun at the row of five Rus teens that were advancing on him and Victoriana.


§


Underneath the water, near the lighthouse tower, Bickman laughed out loud and viewed her wrist watch screen. Each yellow dot was swimming around the water and each bright blue tinted dot was still without movement that represented a stunned Rus teen, who was not dead or hurt, but wearing a red tinted dive suit and floating underneath the water. One of the other Rus divers would come to the rescue of their comrade. Bickman reached the shoreline of loan sands and emerged from the water, swiftly dashing ahead towards her home-made semi-truck transport, gasping in shock, scanning an empty parking lot. Bickman slapped the wrist watch devise that acted like a communication channel only to Dickana. “Dickana, where are you?”
On top of Highway 63, head archivist Dickana laughed into her active wristwatch devise. “I am in my dune buggy and driving away from Lake Martin. My command post has been compromised by the enemy. The Rus are here. Well, the Rus are there in the waters of Lake Martin. I don't wanna...”
“Dickana, where are the other transports? I do not see my personal home-made vehicle here where I had parked it near the lighthouse tower on Lighthouse Lane at Lake Martin.”
She continued to drive and laughed out loud back into the tiny microphone. “O that! I've already started your engines, so to speak. Each one of your special designed funny looking automobiles is following my rear bump and eating my exhaust, so to speak. Now, each archivist can activate the flying balloon. I do believe that you saw my demonstrate technique when I had dodged that bullet...ball on the golf course. I was so smart building a balloon inside the dive suit. Do you agree, Bickman?” She continued to drive and laughed out loud at her brilliant plan for the four teens and the three archivists.
"I agree." She sneered.
Dickana smiled. "Once you press that mint green button on the sleeve of the dive suit, the power of the balloon will jolt the archivist from the lake waters into the skyline. Then each archive will reach up and touch the pull wire that slaps the cheekbone to control the parachute. Each archivist can use the pull wires and steer the balloon down towards the roadway and then halt on top of their individual home-made automobile. Each archivist should pose a pair of naked feet over the cockpit seat and then release..."
"I know the procedure, Dickana. Thanks for shared information! Unless we meet again inside the first-floor conference room, later this evening." Bickman frowned. disconnected the communication part with Dickana and then viewed the tiny screen on her wrist watch devise. Each archivist was still paired but scattered within the waters of the lake. 
"Yes, of course, anytime, Bickman!" Dickana shouted back down into the wrist watch devise and sped over the Highway 63 that crossed over the lake waters.
Bickman disconnected the communication part with Dickana and then viewed the tiny screen on her wrist watch devise. Each archivist was still paired but scattered within the waters of the lake. However, each dive suit was equipped with a flying balloon. The flying balloon could not take each archivist back to Birmingham while soaring over 80 miles of air space. But the flying balloon could take each archivist back to their individual home-made transports.
Bickman slapped the orange button on her helmet that communicated with the archive divers. "Listen up! Each one of our home-made vehicles is driving away from the lighthouse tower by itself. I don't have time to explain what happened. But each one of us is without a transport going back home to Birmingham. However, there is a flying balloon on the back of your spine. You must remove our flippers by pressing the yellow button on your sleeve. To activate the flying balloon, you must press the pink tinted button on your sleeve. The pink hue is an ingenious idea as a male would never touch that color. The pink button will activate the sleeping built-in jet pack beside the air tank and then launch your wet body through the water and then into the air waves. Then a balloon will deploy. You can maneuver the balloon with the pull wires in the air and then land back down in your moving vehicle. Go! Go now, before the Rus teens get reinforcements!"


§


Under the water, Victoriana rapidly swam sideways from Trux without harming her archive friend and then halted in the water, releasing her underwater hand gun and slapped the yellow tinted button on her sleeve. Her flippers dropped off her two feet as she slowly descended through the water. She punched the pink tinted button. The jet pack inflated and then powered with massive heat through the dive suit that protected her back spine, launching her up from the lake waters, flying in the air waves. She screamed in panic and fear and stared down at the calm waves of the placid lake.
A purple and red tinted balloon jetted from her back spine and inflated, slamming her body within the air waves. She screamed for a second time and shook her helmet with dry hair curls.
Trux slapped the pink button and emerged from the lake water, joining Victoriana in the air waves, flying 50 feet behind her in an orange and green tinted balloon.
They soared ahead and maneuvered the guide wires like a professional towards the column of moving home-made transports.


§


Under the water, both Levine and Patsie heard the good news and separated from each other and the legs of the bridge, touching the pink button. One at a time, each senior archivist emerged from the lake water and hovered in the air waves, wearing a colorful balloon. Levine quickly flew the balloon over the water, down towards the bridge, and hovered over his blue tinted 1960 Cadillac Eldorado transport, overshooting the rolling automobile.
Victoriana gasped in alarm at the performance of Levine and trembled in fear and excitement, desiring to reach her home-made automobile. She reached up and tugged on each one of the guiding lines beside each one of her eardrums, drying out his dive suit within the bright sunlight, swiftly descending, moving towards her convertible sports car. Her body slid to the right and then to the left, dangling her naked feet over the driver's seat on the self-driving car. She released the balloon lever as the balloon blew away from her falling body and was carried by the light breeze towards a thick grove of trees. Victoriana swiftly fell and landed on top of an inflated foam cushion in front the console, bouncing up and down with excitement. She reached out and grabbed one of the handles on the dashboard as her car continued to fly down the road in a self-driving mode while wearing the diver helmet, following as the fourth car behind leader Dickana. She slid and stopped in front of the steering wheel, reaching down to disengage the self-driving mode.
"Don't!" Dickana viewed her rear-view mirror inside her multi-colored dune buddy, sneering into the hidden microphone inside her racing helmet at the teen archivist. "Do not disengage the self-driving mode on your personal automobile until each archivist has touched down safety inside their cockpit. Each automobile is linked together and traveling a special mathematical distance apart, until the original archivist driver is safe and secured in the front seat. Your DNA is absorbed into the steering wheel and will only obey your thoughts and your vocal commands."
Inside the rolling yellow tinted sports car convertible, Victoriana held up both of her arms indicating that she understood and then dropped her arms, twisting around to view the other balloons that held an archive team member in the air, feeling worry.
The other archivists flew ahead in the air waves while swaying side to side trying to position a pair of naked feet over the front seat that wore a cushion of soft foam. Then, one by one, each archivist safety released their balloon and landed down in the front seat.
In the lead of the moving transports, Dickana pressed the gasoline pedal down and gathered more speed, leaving her archive team members, smiling at the new disaster that would kill all the teens, including the secretive Villain of the Villainous She did not know the true identity of the chosen teen, but Victoriana must be the one.
She whispered. "Victoriana had saved the life of Trux under the water and then she had bravely executed the launch of her jet pack, before any of the other teens, which was the first trait of evil, survival of the first, not the fittest." She reached down and pressed the nitro-fuel pack inside the rear compartment on her dune buddy. Her car quickly accelerated into 150 miles-per-hour and raced across the rest of the long Highway 63 river bridge, passing a line of automobiles without murdering one car or one human, steering over the highway, heading back to the Birmingham Art and Science building. She whispered for her eardrums only. "I can't believe the bravery and courage from Victoriana. She found the gun and then shot three of the Rus teens, stunning them into floating bubbles. Well, the teen Villain of the Villainous is still alive and well. But I have another plan up my sleeveless tee shirt," she laughed out loud.
Back on Highway 63, Bickman grabbed control of her semi-truck transport. "Everyone is safe and inside their rolling vehicle. Grab the steering wheel! I see a row of red tinted racing cars coming up our tailpipe over the bridge. The Rus always possess home-made automobiles. I do believe that we have some foreign visitors have invaded our American lands. I am disengaging the self-driving mode. Then, every archivist is driving their own vehicle, racing back, joining me back at the Science Building," she gasped in alarm and viewed the front of the roadway.
Behind the line of archive cars, a row of green tinted SUV-type automobiles raced side by side and covered both lanes of the highway bridge, chasing after their enemy.
Gemma looked in her rear-view mirror and gasped in shock. "What! Where did they come from?"
In front of Trux, a line of the same green tinted SUV-type automobiles steered ahead and covered both traffic lanes.
Pasty followed behind Gemma and frowned while driving her Indy race car in light blue and white tone. "They came out of thin air. Where do you think they came from, not heaven, but hell? We are going to collide with Rus cars."
Trux shook his bone skull. "No! I'll smash my truck grill through that row of metal and get us freed from the Rus cars. Why are the annoying us so much? However, I am not surrendering for anyone or anything."
Bickman drove her semi-truck and nodded with worry, passing Lowell, who was the last automobile in the line. Lowell whined. "Well, I understand to clearly. However, this is too dangerous of a situation for me, Trux!"
Levine frowned at the rows of Rus cars. "They wanna trap us here and do something to us."
Patsie nodded. "I do believe that they are doing a good job too." 
Victoriana frowned and continued to drive. “What do the Rus teens and adults want?"
Lowell nodded. "They want the gold. It's too obvious for me."
Gemma frowned and continued to follow Patsie, "But, we didn't find any bars of gold. We didn't find King Solomon golden ring either. We didn't find nothing but trouble coming from the Rus. Why is that? Does anyone have an answer here?"
Bickman frowned. "Now is not the time to contemplate working theories here, Gemma!"
We must stop the cars and then surrender to the Rus. Then, we all can find out what they want."  Levine nodded.
In the lead, junior archive Trux growled into his microphone that echoed into each pair of eardrums, "No! Naw! Nope! Never. I will never surrender. I will fight to the death."
"Me, too!" Gemma sneered.
Victoriana continued to drive and quickly viewed the console. "Look, ya'll! We do what Dickana did! Did you see what Dickana did? Each engine had a nitro fuel booster in your car on the dashboard. After she pressed the peach colored button on the console, her car roamed with power and flew away from us. The peach colored is the power for each one of us to get outta of this mess."
Bickman frowned. "How do you know that information, Victoriana? I didn't know that information."
Lowell gasped in shock, "No! No! No! That's too dangerous, for me!"
Victoriana sneered. "Shut up, Lowell!"
Gemma laughed. "Or Lowell can stop his car and then stay here and surrender to the Rus teens and adults. They might be wanting you, Business Suit!"
Trux commanded. "Maybe, each one of use can take out a couple of the Rus automobiles, without you, Lowell!" He reached over and hit the peach tinted button, grabbing onto the steering wheel. His home-made pickup truck burped out a large blue tinted fireball and then lifted from the pavement, flying in the air covering the rest of the long concrete bridge. He twisted the steering wheel in the air and veered his truck, aiming at two of the Rus cars, shouting out loud in angry. “I’m here. Come and get me! O! You can't steer towards me. Then, I'll come to you," he spun the steering wheel and then flipped his truck sideways, slamming into the rooftop on two Rus vehicles, bouncing back up in the air. His truck swiftly descended back down towards the new pavement and then expelled a white tined parachute, slowing his descent. The truck landed down on the front wheels and smoothly rolled over Highway 280, passing the other automobiles. Trux bounced up and down on top of the bench seat inside his safety belt. "Yeehaw! Did you see me tear through the two Rus cars? Did you see that? My truck has a second parachute also that dropped me down onto the pavement. Let's go!"
Each one of the other archivists pressed the peach tinted button and copied the dangerous driving skills of Trux, slamming into a Rus vehicle.
The yellow tinted sports car swiftly dropped down with the aid of gravity over an empty roadway. Victoriana grunted from the violent impact down on the pavement and as her body was cushioned inside a body of soft foam that protected her flesh and bones, shouting with excitement. "I'm fine. The soft matting did its job on my body. I'm racing down the highway."
The other archivist car fell from the sky and then hit the hard pavement with a loud jolt of metal. Some of the car lost a rear bumper. Each archivist sped over the pavement following leader Trux.
Lowell raced his car over the smooth pavement and laughed into the microphone. "Hey! I have landed and now I'm driving down Highway 280."
Gemma growled and continued to speed down the same highway, "Who cares, Lowell? Keep driving ahead, Lowell! I'm on your tail pipe. And the Rus is on my tail pipe."
"Fine!" Lowell down-shifted his sports car as the engine exploded into 100 miles per hour, leading Gemma.
Patsie frowned. "Where are the police cars? Where are we located here on Highway 280?"
Victoriana tapped on the dark blue button at the console and then told each driver. "Tape on the dark blue button. Look at your digital map! We are 50 miles from the Birmingham Art and Science Center. So, we have covered about thirty miles from Lake Martin. If we continue to race at 90 miles-per- hour, we will be there in 33.33 minutes. Let's ride!"
A new set of new green tinted SUV-type automobiles appeared from the highway and started chasing after the pack of American archivists.
Victoriana was leading the American archivists and reached down setting the self-driving feature at 90 miles-per-hour. The computer took over and guided her car in the left lane, which was cleared of traffic. She looked down and studied the digital map, shouting out loud. "I got a plan. I got a plan."
Lowell frowned. "Well, tell us your plan, before one or all of the Rus cars rams into my rear bumper."
Trux laughed. "One, you need to drive faster. Two, you don't have a rear bumper. Three, set the self-driving mode and go faster, Sports Coat."
Victoriana smiled. "We are passing through the city of Childersburg with an exit ramp on the northern side of the highway. I am going to head down into the valley..."
Lowell frowned. "No! That's not a good idea. Then the Rus will trap you. The Rus will take you and then they will do something."
"What will the Rus do to our fellow junior archivist Victoriana? Do you something that I do not now, Lowell?" Patsie frowned.
Lowell laughed. "No! I am just guessing here."
Gemma frowned. "Shut up, Lowell!"
Victoriana continued. "The exit ramp leads into the city. But there is an entrance ramp twenty feet down the road. When I get back onto the highway..."
"I'll hang out behind and then ram them in the rear bumper. No more Rus vehicles!" Trux slammed on his brakes and moved into the left land while allowing the other archive cars to pass his truck.
Victoriana approached the designated exit ramp and then flipped on her right turn signal as Trux laughed. Four of the green tinted SUV-type automobiles followed behind her rear bumper. She quickly turned and then entered back into the highway.
Trux slapped on the brakes and then watched for the four Rus automobiles, pressing the gasoline pedal, ramming each rear bumper and then scooted around the damaged car while laughing out loud. Each Rus car spun sideway and crossed three lanes, landing in the ditch.
Bickman shouted with excitement. "Thanks, Trux! You took out four of the Rus cars. Now, there are only six Rus cars left."
Victoriana slowed her speed and rolled onto the highway, following the six Rus cars, speeding ahead and then gently tapped each rear bumper. Each Rus driver lost control of the vehicle and landed down inside a different ditch.
The American archivists cheered with delight. Bickman blew the two smoke stacks and then her trunk horn for fun, shouting out loud. "That's it! Great fun! We are finally done with the Rus. Yay!"
The column of American home-made automobiles continued to race down Highway 280. Three flying helicopters arrived and carried three Rus automobiles, slowly descending on the side with its cargo.
Patsie screamed in panic. "O no! Look up in the sky! I see more Rus drivers and their matching Rus cars. Here, we go, again!" Each helicopter hovered in the air five miles ahead of the Americans slowly lowering each platform down into an empty parking lot."
Lowell gasped in shock. "What do we do now?"
Victoriana laughed. "Each home-made automobile possesses a rocket launcher."
Gemma gasped in shock. "How do you know that information, girl?"
She smiled. "I had studied each button, before we flew off the tenth floor through an open window from the Art and Science Center. Underneath each colored button, there is a typed name in little tiny letters. I memorized each name and the colored button for fun. I didn't realize that I would need to use each item inside the car. So, hit the brown tinted button which activates the embedded rocket launcher for an emergency like this one. Ready. Aim. And fire at each swaying platform that holds three Rus cars on one of the Rus flying helicopters." The engine hood on the small sports car slowly lifted in the air and then raised up a long gun, firing a small sizzling heated missile through the air and slamming into the hovering helicopter. The copter was hit and then slightly damaged. 
The other archive automobiles copied the motions of Victoriana and produced a small heated missile, firing at one of the Rus helicopters. After the smoke cleared from the skyline, a platform of four Rus car had survived the fiery deluge.
Lowell screamed in panic. "O no! An entire platform of four Rus cars are unharmed and have landed down from the single undamaged Rus helicopter into the American parking lot. The Rus are racing their cars onto the highway and coming after me. And I'm outta of missiles."
Levine laughed. "There was only one missile, honey."
Trux frowned. “Whatever, Sports Coat! Seven Americans against four Rus cars are bad odds. We drove straight ahead and then spun around, scaring the pink panties off each one of their buttholes. Two cars in front. Two cars on the side. Two cars on the other side. Lowell in the rear.
Lowell gasped in fury. "Why me? Why am I in the back of line?"
"Like always..." Trux laughed.
Gemma sneered. “Shut up, Lowell!"
Patsie frowned. "No one will hurt you, Lowell!"
Bickman said. "Try to knock them off the roadway, but not into us! Do you get it?"
"No." Lowell frowned.
Gemma sneered. "Shut up, Lowell!"
Victoriana led the American cars and resetting the self-driving mode at 100 miles-per-hour. The computer performed with great efficiency. Once she was back safe and sound at the Birmingham Art and Science Center, Victoriana would complement Dickana on the design and performance of the home-made automobile and then quit her summer job, returning home. she had to call and explain to her father that giant money amount on his credit card. Then, her active teenly mind switched gears. She found it strange that her parents had not called her mobile telephone searching for their daughter. Well, her parents must be having some great fun at the ski resort in the U.S State of Colorado.
She tapped the electronic menu on the car's console and slowly run each feature on the car, gasping in shock, slapping the communication button. "Hey, ya'll! There is a spin feature on each car. You press the turquoise tinted button."
"Doing it!" Patsie pressed the turquoise tinted button on her console. Her Indy race car spun around and completed a 360 degree turn, hitting one of the green tinted SUV-type Rus cars, and then racing ahead again. She cheered with her victory.
The other three Rus cars backed away from the twin column of nasty American archivists in their American cars.
Bickman growled, “I’ll sick of their chicken stew attitude.” She slammed on her brakes, almost halting in the middle of the road. Lowell gasped in alarm and steered around the giant semi-truck transports, flying ahead as the last car in the column. Bickman continued to slow her speed as the three Rus cars rolled in a straight line over the wide roadway. Then she pressed the turquoise tinted button on her console and created a massive spinning maneuver with her massive semi-truck, slamming into each Rus car, whipping the Rus car off the roadway with ease. Bickman laughed out loud and completed her 360-degree circle, facing the proper direction, pressing down on the gasoline pedal and flew ahead on the clear roadway.
A set of loud whistles and blasting sirens echoed throughout the wind currents.
Patsie scanned the skyline and then the roadway with puzzlement, looking at her rear-view mirror, gasping in fear. "O no! We eliminate one enemy to find another. A fleet of American police cars with white and blue lights and loud sirens is chasing my tailpipe now. What do we do now?"
Lowell nodded with a smile. "We stop and surrender the car, of course. The property belongs to head archivist Dickana Walbash of the Birmingham Art and Science Center. Once we explain that this is an experimental car, the car will become captured and we can take a taxi cab back home to Birmingham. The end of a taxing day! Did you get my pun! The end of taxing day when we take a taxi back home to Birmingham."
Trux gasped in alarm and frowned at his co-worker Lowell. "No. No. No. We just passed the Birmingham Zoo. We are four miles from the Birmingham Art and Science Center that faces Interstate 20. If we stop, then the police will arrest all of us. I don't wanna go to jail. I wanna go back to the Center. I don't wanna a black spot on my driving record. I will lose my driver's license for years."
"O!" Lowell chimed.
Levine nodded. "Trux makes a very, very good point. None of us want to get arrested by the local police officers or a ding on our driver's license. All of us will lose the right to drive a car for one year or more."
"Do something, somebody!" Lowell shouted in alarm.
Bickman laughed out loud and then cleared her throat. "Calm down, archivists. We will not become arrested or detained or distracted. We continue driving on Highway 280 and then turn off onto Highway 31, flying underneath the bridge and passing the local hospital campus and tall apartment buildings. Listen up! This is very, very important. We continue to speed down Highway 31 and take the ramp that leads towards Interstate 20..."
"Interstate 20 is closed and blocked and missing pieces of road concrete, especially right there at the connection of Highway 31 and Interstate 20. There is nothing there but invisible air molecules, Ms. Bickman." Lowell gasped in alarm.
She laughed. "Yeah, I read the electronic articles on my mobile telephone also, Lowell. There is nothing there but air currents. Before you drive off the high concrete bridge that does not connect to Interstate 20 roadway, you slap the rose-tinted button. No sane person would dare touch a rose-tinted button with kitty cat curiosity. The rose-tinted button ignites the turbo charger in the engine. You will fly off the roadway and then sail through the air waves, flying into the side of the Birmingham Art and Science Center."
"What!" Levine gasped in shock.
"No way, mama!" Gemma frowned.
"I'll get killed. No! You'll murder me. Then I'll become dead." Lowell whined.
"I will not. The police cars can arrest me. I am only a teenager. I will cry and whine and ..."
"... act like Lowell," Trux laughed. "I like that idea. I love that idea."
Bickman, I would like to remind here while driving over the dangerous speed limit and whipping around each slow-moving vehicle, that the eastern wall on the Birmingham Art and Science Center is comprised of solid brick in the tone of reddish-brown. This is a suicide death act."
The other archive team members moaned over the headset to Bickman also.
Bickman laughed. "I had the robots refurnish the eastern wall inside the Center like Dickana did on the tenth floor. From the third-floor level up towards the seventh-floor level, the eastern wall is made of thin glass material, where my folded fist can break with a strong punch of human flesh and bones. Now, the third-floor level used to be the Wood Room with all of the assorted wildlife animals and fowl."
Trux laughed. "Aw! You trashed all the ancient wildlife artifacts down into the dumpster. I wanted to take home one or two items for my summertime internship souvenirs, Bickman."
She laughed. "Now, the third-floor level has been replaced with thick foam substance, which has covered the room from the ceiling down to the floor. Levine, he will fly off the concrete bridge and sail his old fashioned and wide and long fake body blue tinted 1960 Cadillac Eldorado automobile through the thin glass and land on top of the foam. Once the heat of the car has passed the wall frame, the computer will close down a steel wall, so Levin or his car does not escape," she laughed with the others.
"That's not funny, Bickman!" Levine growled with annoyance.
She chuckled. "It was for me! The fourth-floor level used to be the Bubble Room. However, for some strange reason, all the bubble trays had overflowed and then flooded the entire room from the ceiling down to the floor and even drowning the travel tunnel pipe. Now, the room has been cleaned of dirty, bubbly water and now contains fresh water, without the fishes or the snakes. Gemma, in her small sports car, and Trux, in his large truck, will fly off the concrete bridge one at a time and then crash through the glass window, landing inside the fourth-floor level. When you jump, aim your vehicle towards the end of the wall, not in the middle of the wall. Both of your transports can fit with ease. The fifth floor is still the Outer Space Room which is filled with anti-gravity particles that will grab on and hold Victoriana and her big, wide sedan vehicle body frame. The sixth floor used to be the Dino Room. But, for some strange reason, all the mechanical dinosaurs became alive and then killed each other while destroying each other and the room," she laughed with some of the archivists. "Now, the sixth floor is cleaned and cleared and hold numerous mattress pads, where Lowell will fly off the concrete bridge and crash through the glass, landing on the soft material. The seventh floor is still the Metal or Magic Room, without any true magic. The room has been cleaned and cleared of hard items and wears numerous thick layers of food items. Patsie will fly off the bridge and land down into the spilled food items."
"What!" Patsie gasped. "What is this? What am I doing? Why is that room covered in spilled food?"
Bickman smiled. "Your race car is very long and very wide. You need a long and wide landing spot inside the building. The food items are soft and don't take up wall space like the numerous mattress pads."
She frowned. "Then, let me land in the foam or the water or..."
"We don't have time to argue about details, Patsie. We exited from Highway 280 with a fleet of police cars coming up our individual tailpipe. Now, we race down Highway 31 towards home. Levine go and get into the lead and race down the roadway, before your car drops off the missing concrete slabs of the pavement, twist the steering wheel to the left side and then press the turquoise button. Then, you and your car will fly off the pavement and float in the air crossing the 2.5 miles of space in 2.5 seconds of time, crashing through the glass and then landing inside your assigned floor level. I have already programmed the computer chip inside your car while enjoying the illegal racing. Technology is right! Thank you! Amen!" She laughed with some of the other archivists.
"The police? The police cars will see each home-made transport fly in the air and land inside the Birmingham Art and Science Center. The police officers will not believe their two eyeballs, but they will see the smoking cars through the windows. Then we all will go to jail for a long, long time." Levine sneered.
"O! Didn't I tell you? There is a bad crease within the roadway pavement on Highway 31. No other car or train or boat but plane can roll over Highway 31!" Bickman pressed the maroon colored button that slammed a set of jagged hammer head down into the horizontal roadway, lifting her semi-truck while tearing up the roadway. After three seconds, the jagged hammer head equipment piece broke off the underbelly of her semi-truck and exploded into millions of tiny steel fragments over the roadway also. She laughed out loud and continued to race ahead, running last in the line of archive cars.
“What about you, Bickman? You need to fly off the pavement and then land inside one of the floor levels too. Else?" Trux smiled.
"Yes, I’m flying through the air also and landing inside the tenth-floor level. I hope Dickana is not there watching us. Else…." Bickman laughed with an evil tone.
"She is our leader." Levine growled.
"She is our supervisor." Patsie laughed.
"Get ready, Levine! You are approaching the end of the pavement on the concrete bridge." Bickman ordered. "And cut off the communication button! I don't like hearing the screams of death," she laughed with some of the other archivists and then cut off the button with silence.
Levine viewed the end of the tall bridge without pavement and twisted his car to the side, pressing the turquoise button, holding his breath while praying to the Source. A film of translucent slime quickly spat out from the driver's console and covered the cockpit area protecting his body. The car immediately leaped up from the solid road pavement and then flew ahead through the air currents, dropping down even with the third-floor level, soaring over 25th Street through 19th Street within seconds. The grill of the car crashed into the thin coat of glass breaking the material into millions of tiny fragments, sailing over the padded floor and then slammed into the forward wall of thick mattress pads with a loud thump. The car dropped down and rested on top of the padded floor producing white steam, black smoke, and broken parts. Inside the cockpit, Levine coughed out loud from holding his sour breath and exhaled with relief. The ceiling tiles opened and dropped down a massive amount of white foam to douse the accumulating steam and smoke before the car ignited into fiery flames. In front of the open window of broken glass, a heavy steel door dropped down and enclosed the room in darkness.
Then a tiny bulb on the ceiling illuminated and produced a tiny voice coming from a pre-recorded Dickana. "Every archivist will retire for the evening and rest for the night. Tomorrow is a busy day with the Archive Ball. I will provide archive instructions tomorrow morning about the new event. Good night!"
The other archive car flew off the pavement, through the air waves, over the city streets, and crashed into the thin film of glass, resting inside the assigned floor space. Each archivist started to breath and pumped oxygen back into their mind, heart, and soul.
Bickman leaped off the roadway pavement last without a fleet of police cars after her butthole as each police car somehow had acquired a set of flat tires steering over Highway 31. The large semi-truck crashed through the thin film of glass and then slid over the smooth carpet, slamming into the doors on the dancing elevator, crashing the entrance wall and then halted in place. Dickana was not present inside the tenth-floor room as she had figured out Bickman's rescue plan while lounging inside her first-floor office.
Bickman growled at the crushed wall. "Tomorrow is a new day for me and you!"

At 05:05 pm, each archivist slowly exited their home-made automobile and found their way back into their private chamber on the eighth or the ninth-floor level for some additional rest, recovery, and restoration.
Chapter Three


At 06:08 pm, on the 9th floor level, with the girl's sleeping unit, Victoriana strolled down the hallway in dull white hue, showcasing an array of individual shiny metal bedroom doors in the colors of pink or purple. Between the doors, there was an art gallery of individual girly pictures, such like, dolls, flowers, ponies, kittens, and tiaras. She exhaled with relief of an active day and a simple evening with a hot plate of food. She stopped and slammed the button in front of the silver tinted elevator doors waiting on one of the dancing elevator carriages to arrive. She slowly hummed a happy song and spun around, viewing the long hallway of wooden walls and a wooden floor in white hue. She gasped in shock. "I must be going crazy. I though the walls and the floor were composed of metal panels, not wooden planks. Whatever!" The loud dong of the chime alerted Victoriana of the elevator carriage arrival.
She spun around with a smile to face the open carriage and inhaled her clean body with her good smelling perfume of vanilla and apples, her favorite fragrance. 
Victoriana was seventeen years old and tall and slender body frame with a tone of dark colored skin, a set of big breasts, a pair of long legs, a head of long blonde colored hair, and a pair of brown colored eyes. She was dressed in a sleeveless yellow silk designer blouse with a v-neckline, her favorite color. A girly bowtie was sitting at the bottom of the V-neckline. She also wore a pair of matching walking shorts that showed off her suntanned legs and stood in a pair of fashion designer’s matching yellow-tinted, spiked heeled sandals.
Her tummy growled for food which was located. Victoriana didn't know where the suppertime meal food items were located within the building as senior archivist Bickman had crashed her home-made automobile into the tenth floor traveling exhibition room, while surviving the dangerous and deadly race with the Rus teens and adults.
Her best friend Gemma was present inside the shared bathroom, bathing her naked body.
Inside the hallway, Victoriana entered the carriage and spun around with a smile while ditching her dearest friend again. The summertime job has shown the true teenly emotions and teenly character of Gemma, who was also angry or mad or competitive or unfriendly. However, the two teen males were fun and handsome including hunk Trux and cute Lowell. She quickly spun around and viewed the rear metal wall without seeing either Trux or Lowell, exhaling with disappointment. Last night, Lowell had playfully kidnapped her body inside the dancing elevator stealing her and the carriage, arriving at the 6th floor level, the Dino Room, where they had destroyed the entire room with mischief, not malicious
She spun around back and frowned at the empty hallway and the elevator carriage pressing the button for the first floor, since the other floor levels had been destroyed by a flying home-made automobile while escaping the Rus.
The elevator carriage chimed with a ting and the doors shut closed with a swish.
Inside the dancing elevator, Victoriana held onto the side bar and as her body rocked back and forth and then side to side until the carriage stopped with a soft ting at the next floor.
The elevator door slid open and revealed Lowell, who stood on the second floor, the museum. She did not exit but smiled at Lowell. "Hey, Lowell! What are we doing in here? Why are we in here?”
Lowell knelt on the floor and lifted both of his arms in the air, expanding his palms, bowing his bone skull for fun. “I am your peasant for the night, my queen.”
She giggled with a grin and waved her arm, stepping out from the carriage, standing in front of Lowell. “Arise, peasant. And turn and then tarry me to the food table, darling.”
He swiftly stood upright with a smile and extended his arm, spinning around, slowly moving them further into the room. "I must voice my opinion."
The 2nd floor room setting was painted in white wooden planks. The front of the room, about one-fourth of the side walls, showed off a mini-art gallery. The line of glass display cases stood against each wall. In the middle of the room, three rows of larger glass display cases contained a fake human skeleton, a fake oak tree with tree leaves and tree branches, a fake gigantic black and purple colored dragonfly, and a fake green tinted short alien for fun.
The smaller display cases presented numerous earth rocks, American Indian arrowheads, dead forest insects, parts and pieces of dead wildlife animals, colored earth dirt samples, colored beach sand samples, and individual tree parts.
She smirked. "I find that you never stop with your opinions or comments either."
He chuckled. "I am very surprised to see you here, Victoriana. I thought you were going to quit your summer job and return back home, exiting the archive internship program."
They moved further into the museum and entered a separate smaller room with individual rows of glass displays that contained gem stones, ancient and modern coins, and numerous jewelry items. The jewelry items consisted of bracelets, hair bands, rings, ankle bracelets, necklines, earrings, and small tiaras in green emeralds, blue sapphires, red rubies, diamonds, and semi-precious stones.
She reached out and touched the glass, nodding with a smile, staring at the middle of the room. "Yes, I really wanted to do that. But, the creation of the home-made automobile and the fun diving event and the illegal race changed my mind." She stopped in place and gasped in confusion. "What! What is that?"
"O!" Lowell moved ahead with a smile and shoved Victoriana towards a semi-round table wooden table with a long white tinted lace tablecloth that held an assortment in tiny, small, medium, large silver tinted covered platters that hid the item underneath the matching lid.
The table held two individual dining room chairs that were wore a party cover in dull red tinted.
They stopped at the first chair. Lowell exhibited his gentleman manners and pulled out the chair. Victoriana sat down and smiled at his slick entertainment. He gently scooted the chair back into the table edge and then sidestepped to his chair, pulling out the seat, sitting down with a smile. He waved his arm over the table without touching one of the platters. "Now, this is the fun party...part."
She smiled. "You must’ve worked diligently for hours to set up this arrangement."
He shook his bone skull and chuckled, flipping his hand in the air. "I must not lie. I used my new wrist watch mobile telephone from Bickman. The connection is swift and smooth, but the orders go directly to the fleet of robots that Dickana holds hostage. I was playing around and communicating with the robots here at the Center. When one of the robots asked me about my dinner arrangements? So, I typed in my request. Boom! Our table is here and our food items for your enjoyment of today's special evening dinner event with me." Lowell did not touch any of the platters. 
She nodded. "That was really smart! I used my ring mobile telephone to find numerous clothing stores during the boring but fast mini-rocket ship flight to Bergen. I sorta wished that the rocket ships were still operating. How many times can you pilot a mini-rocket ship in a slime suit?" Victoriana giggled with a grin and looked down at the assortment of platters. "Now, which lid should I lift from its mate? What is behind the tiniest lid or the largest lid?"
Lowell looked down with puzzlement at each platter. "I do not know. I placed my request of the dinner meal and allowed the kitchen robot to perform the task. The robot did a good job. Now, I'm being to worry about robots and automation and A.I. taking over the world. Look at the great job the machines did without a human hand."
She selected and lifted the small lid, smiling down at the food item. "I love ocean shrimp." Victoriana placed the lid on the table and grabbed one of the orange and white tinted shrimp pieces, dunking the seafood into the red sauce, eating the item with a nod of delight.
He reached over and paused his hand over the food dish. "I hope you don't mind here. I thought we could share our evening meal."
She swallowed the food item and nodded with a smile. "Of course, we can share." Victoriana reached out and lifted the largest lid, revealing two glasses with red liquid and then gasped in alarm. "I see two wine glasses. Does the wine glass contain real wine?"
He frowned. "I am afraid not. The liquid is grape juice for the entree. And I like to drink grape juice also." He reached over and gently grabbed one of the wine glasses with the grape juice, sipping on the liquid like an expensive wine. She giggled at his silliness.
They slowly consumed the rest of the shrimp pieces and sipped on the grape juice.
She reached out and lifted another small lid, gasping in shock, seeing a ruby wrist bone bracelet. "Is that real?"
"That is as real as it gets, mama!" He laughed.
She smiled and grabbed the ruby bracelet slipping over her slender wrist bone, stroking each ruby gem stone in silence. Lowell sipped on the grape juice and then smiled while watching Victoriana.


§


On the 1st floor, inside the conference room, Dickana sat at the front of the wooden conference table and lifted the lid, staring at the illuminated screen, reaching over and pressed the button. The ceiling panel slid open. Then a black tinted projector camera dropped down from the ceiling, clicked on, and showed a bright light on a white colored plastic board.
She pressed a switch.
A multi-colored ray scattered and displayed on the white plastic board, showing a still image. Walbash twisted the dial into focus and displaying numerous silent images, then halted the picture, the interior of the 8th floor level with the boys' sleeping unit. "No one is there. The teens are out and about from their shared bed chambers. Where would they be located?" She twisted the dial allowing the spying camera to find a single heated body.
The image displayed the wooden table inside the second floor Museum Room.
She smiled. "Awe! So precious! Lowell is entertaining Victoriana with the dinner meal again. He must take a fancy to her. However, I wonder. Where did he got all the food stuffs? I specifically ordered the kitchen room closed during the evening hours, so each archive teenager had to order their food tray from their shared bedroom wall communication system and not run around the dangerous building during the late-night hours. Tomorrow is another work day. My fleet of robots are too busy cleaning up Bickman's mess on the third to seventh and tenth floor levels. Bickman! Bickman! Bickman! I should have never hired Bickman, but she possessed the skills that I want and need. Well, I can't read a pair of human lips," she pressed the new button.
The audio sound from the second-floor level Museum Room softly echoed out from the small speaker on the computer laptop as Dickana spied on the young teen couple.
At the wooden table, Victoriana continued to stroke each ruby with a smile. "I know the ruby gem stones are real inside the bracelet. I know the bracelet is real. Where did you get the ruby bracelet?"
He smiled. "I ordered it from the robot on my new wrist watch mobile telephone."
Victoriana looked up and gasped in shock, "What!"
"What!" Dickana screamed in alarm, inside the first-floor conference room, where Victoriana and Lowell could not see her actions or hear her words.
Lowell smiled. "When I ordered our evening meal through the cool wrist watch phone that connected with the robot here at the Center, I also ordered a set of ruby jewelry for you."
Victoriana gasped in shock. "What!"
"What!" Dickana sneered in fury. "Bickman, she reprogrammed my fleet of robots when she had developed that new set of mobile telephones for the teens. Well, I know her secret now. I can reprogram my fleet of robots back to take only my commands. What do you think about that, Bickman?"
Inside the second floor Museum Room through the computer screen, Lowell smiled at Victoriana. "Let me explain! I placed a set of typed orders to the robot here at the Center through that cool phone. However, the robot is a machine, not a merchant. The robot completed my personal electronic order by opening each glass display and removing all of the ruby gem stone jewelry from here the Museum Room along with the plates of food."
Victoriana gasped in shock again. "What!" She reached out and lifted the medium lids revealing the salad meal, flipping the lid over the table.
"What!" Dickana snarled in angry.
Victoriana removed her hand from the wrist bone bracelet and reached out, lifting the medium lid, revealing the salad meal. She flipped the lid onto the table and continued to pop open each lid, viewing each item with a smile. She quickly retrieved each jewelry piece and placed the item over her body, wearing three wrist bone bracelets on each arm, a pair of ruby earrings, a ring on each finger, an ankle bone bracelet on each leg, and finally a tiny tiara on top of her blonde tinted hair roots. She did not stand from the chair but swayed side to side in the seat as each ruby gem stone sparkled on her and underneath the bright ceiling lamps in silence with a bright smile.
He nodded. "You look like a princess, honey."
Victoriana nodded with a smile. Lowell reached over and started munching on the evening meal, since he was hungry and enjoyed staring at the beautiful girl.
Inside the first-floor conference room, Walbash nodded. "Well, hell! Lowell is very clever and cool. He is now the first runner for the teen Villain of the Villainous Victoriana had been in first place with her fabulous performance under the water at Lake Martin and her marvelous illegal race car driving. Actually, Trux had been in first place before Victoriana. I am so confused. I can't figure out and find the one teen Villain of Villainous How hard is that task?" She laughed. "Well, the task is hard, and hardy finished for me. However, I see clearly that Victoriana and Trux are a pair of talented high school teenagers working under the water and over the land. However, Lowell is a true evil genius using my robots to perform his nasty deeds and toying with silly teen girl Victoriana. That is not talent. That is skill. I can't believe that Lowell is the Villain of the Villainous His personality is slick and polished, not rough and rowdy like cowboy Trux. I really didn't expect his person and his name to stand above the rest of the teens. But I have found the Villain of the Villainous Now, I can..." she frowned. "Wait! I must be absolutely, positively certain of my new discovery. If Victoriana and Lowell are sharing the evening meal, then Gemma and Trux must be together somewhere inside the damaged building. I thought I had made my voice message clear and audible from the single light bulb inside each destroyed room. Every archivist will retire for the evening and rest for the night. Tomorrow is the Archive Ball. I will provide instructions tomorrow morning about the new event. Good night!"
She stared at the computer screen and moaned in disguise. "Now, Victoriana is going to get all soggy and sappy with her girly, teenly emotions over the jewelry pieces while leaning over to kiss his face. Another good meal wasted!" Dickana reached over with a sneer and twisted the dial on the laptop keyboard, cutting off the spy camera lenses into the second floor Museum Room, searching throughout the building for the other pair of teens.
The spying camera lenses found a warm body down on the first floor. She twisted the dial and focused the picture, leaning into the illuminated screen in silence studying the two teens while listening to the audio sound.


§


On the 1st floor, in front of the solid glass entrance wall, the bright flood lamps on the tall poles illuminated an empty parking lot. Inside the entranceway, a short row of individual squat steel metal columns stood in silence on the right side used to separate the crowd of visitors entering in a logical fashion into the Birmingham Art and Science Center. 
On the opposites side, the solid glass wall, the side wall, and half of the rear wall displayed a new indoor swimming pool that had been constructed to replace the destroyed 250,000 aquarium tank of sea animals, last night. 
Junior archivist seventeen-year-old high school senior student Gemma stood with a smile on top of the smooth yellow tinted concrete floor staring down at the water.
On the rear wall inside the first floor, in-between the rows of lounge chair staring up a fake yellow sunshine rays that were painted on the ceiling and the curved wall that held a line of cashier chairs, a row of food machines stood with soft hums from the tiny motor. Junior archivist, eighteen years old Trux stood in front of the food machine and selected a chocolate candy bar, grabbing the item, tearing into the paper and ate the bar in three bites. He spun around while chewing the gooey chocolate and stared at the back spine on Gemma in her two-piece red tinted bikini suit with a smirk and then frowned down at the new swimming pool with worry. He swallowed the lump of chocolate. "What is this?"
She moved ahead and placed five toes down into the warm water. "This is a playground of watery fun."
He burped out loud and tossed the paper down into the trash ben. "It looks like an indoor swimming pool.”
She stared down at the water. "Did you wear your swimming trunks for an evening dip?”
“No!” He laughed out loud and strolled ahead while slipping off the clean tee shirt. He had used Lowell's assigned wristwatch mobile telephone, coming from Bickman, during his long wait on top of his messy bedcovers for the shared lavatory space, surfing the information and then discovered the new indoor swimming pool.
During the truck through the town of Bergen, while searching for a set of ruin stones, his bedroom buddy Lowell had bragged about ordering a dinner meal for him and Victoriana to dine inside the second floor Museum Room for the evening.
Trux had left his wrist watch mobile telephone inside his rocket ship which had become damaged during the rescue of Victoriana and then the daring landing on top of the rooftop of the Birmingham Art and Science Center.
He had decided that the second-floor level and the first-floor level offered the only entertainment for the evening before the bedtime rule and wore a pair of swimming trunks for an evening swim with Gemma.
Trux stopped and stood beside Gemma, smiling down at the pool. "Water, water everywhere, but never a drop to drink. I'm thirsty now! Aren't you tired of wiggling water? We swam in Lake Martin, this morning. Does the site of more water upset your teenly emotions after escaping from the flooded fourth floor Bubble room last night?"
"No!" She spun around and scooted sideways, shoving Trux down into the water. Gemma dived into the pool and swam down towards the bottom catching up with Trux.


§


Inside the 1st floor conference room, Walbash continued to lean into the computer screen with a low hum. “How intriguing? Gemma is not the Villain of the Villainous, but she has conned Trux into another swimming lesson for the night.” She gasped in alarm. “Am I mistaken here? What is her ploy here? Something is definitely on her evil Villainous mind.”


§


Down at the bottom of the pool, an array of red tinted columns with individual short steps leading into a cozy gazebo provided an underwater cavern for individual swimmers to hang out and talk within the pretend city of Atlantic. Some of the gazebo were surrounded by statues of the famous Greek and Roman gods and goddesses in place wearing a traditional Greek toga with two posed arms.
Underneath the water, Gemma collided into Trux for fun and then she swam ahead, leading them into one of the gazebos, emerging from the water and mouth spat out water for fun. She breathed in the fresh air and sat on top of the stone bench seat, crossing her legs, winking at Trux. He slowly swam into the gazebo and walked over the watery floor to Gemma, leaning down.
She slid sideways with a silly giggle and stood upright, quickly dashed ahead over the same watery floor, diving back into the pool water.
He lowered his chin and frowned with a whisper. “Yeah, a chase of a girl under the water.” Trux spun around and dashed over the floor, diving into the water after Gemma.
She entered a second gazebo and stood beside the goddess Athene watching Trux. he followed her into the underwater cavern and stopped in front of her face. She smiled. "Welcome to the city of Atlantis."
“I thought the city of Atlantis was located on top of a gigantic continent with sand and sun, not underneath the water.”
She smiled. “The myth stated that the city was located on a continent in the middle of the Atlantic Ocean and then the landmass split open and drowned all of the land, the animals, and the people. So, the Center has created the underwater survival of Atlantic for the curious Earthlings, like me and you. There are massive statuses of Greek and Roman gods and goddesses who can't eat, sleep, or speak."
He turned and scanned the numerous gazebo structures saying with worry. "A child would drown down here. I don't understand the reason for building an indoor swimming pool on the first floor, where children enter the building.” Trux returned and frowned at her.
“This deep-water exhibition is only for pre-teens, teens, and adults that have passed a swimming and diving course for fun and safety. I read the sign on the wall while waiting for you." Gemma giggled and then leaned over, planting a swift kiss on his wet lips, pulling back, punching his naked stomach muscles. He bent down from the swift impact while softly chuckling at her flirtation tonight.
She quickly exited the gazebo and swam through the water like a sea mermaid, dashing in and then out from the other gazebos for fun. Trux exited the gazebo and chased after her, using each gazebo for fresh air and then swimming around the pool for another kiss from Gemma.


§


Inside the 1st floor conference room, Walbash grunted with annoyance. "I see clearly through the pool water. Gemma is only flirting with Trux for her fun. Either one of them is the true Villain of the Villainous I found him. He is Lowell. I need to switch back and see Lowell. He might have killed and then eaten Victoriana," she laughed out loud and twisted the dial, focusing the new image on the second floor inside the Museum Room, leaning into the screen while watching and listening.


§


Inside the Museum Room, at the wooden table, Victoriana continued to sit with all the ruby stone jewelry while eating the evening meal.
Lowell slowly munched on the food and then smiled at her. "Tell me about Gemma!"
Victoriana gasped at him. "What!"
"What!" Dickana yelled out loud.
He smiled. "Tell me about Gemma!"
Victoriana frowned. "Why in the world would I want to talk about Gemma?"
He nodded. "She hangs with Trux. Trux hangs with her during the suppertime meal. I was curiosity about Gemma. You and she are roommates. Believe me! I know too much about my roommate Trux."
She smiled. "Gemma has two extended family units. Her step-mom is a professor at the local college. Her parents live right next door to each other. Gemma is nice, especially at Christmastime and on Halloween. So, you need to remember the time period."
Dickana mumbled. "Victoriana is a professional flirt. One motive from the Villain of the Villainous is the lack of material possessions that creates angry, hate, and jealous feelings of possession and world domination of accumulated objects and subjects. Victoriana is out of the competition. She is too materialist and too dramatic and too showy. A villain is always sneaky and slimy like a snake. Lowell is the Villain of the Villainous That boy is a trained professional con man at the age of eighteen years old. Why is Lowell interested in a seventeen-year-old girl named Gemma, so suddenly?”


§


Inside the second floor at the wooden table, Victoriana smiled. “And Gemma owns me money and steals all of my designer clothes. She signs her name with a wiggling line, without seeing all the letters like she is hiding something. I do believe that she is hiding something, really big.”
Lowell gasped. “What is Gemma hiding from you and me? Did she steal one of the precious gem stones here inside the Museum Room? We destroyed the other six floors under the direction of Bickman. Trux did that. He stole a coin here from the Museum Room. I sure hope that boy returned that valuable artifact here inside the Museum Room. Or else something bad will happen for Trux.”
She frowned. “I didn’t know about Trux and his coin. But I have discovered that my personal silver tinted fingernail file and my silver and pinked colored eyebrow puckers were missing from my designer purse, when we came back here to Birmingham. Then, I had to clean up her and my bedroom chamber, since Walbash is a meanie to me. I hate that woman. I wished she were dead.”
He gasped in shock. “That is a terrible thing to say about a person. Say something nice!"
She flipped a manicured hand with a sour frown. “It was just a statement.”
He shook his bone skull. “No! You must say something nice about the person that you wished to die. Else, your soul will become cursed to die first. Have you not heard that terrible axiom as a human from your grandmother?"
"No.”
"Yes!”
“No!"
“Please, say something nice about Dickana Walbash for me."
Victoriana frowned. "No, Lowell! I do not believe in superstitions or witches or witchcraft. Dickana is not a nice person. I had run away from the fighting with the Rus. I didn’t wanna fight with other humans. I wanna look pretty and glamorous all the time. Is there something wrong with me, Lowell?”
He nodded. “What is Gemma hiding? What else do she steal?”
Victoriana shook her curls with the ruby tiara and wore a confused brow. “I don’t know; but I'll find out. But Gemma is also superstitious.”
He gasped. “Really! How is Gemma superstitious, in what way?”
“Well, Gemma believes in good luck. If she sees the number seven any place, then she says out loud: that it is lucky, for me.”
“Good luck, sometimes, follows people around all the time.” He nodded with a smile.
She frowned with a sour tone. “No! Good looks follow people around. If you are unlucky to be ugly, then you are outta of luck. That creates bad luck for the other people in the work, but me.” 
She looked down with a smile and extended a palm with a nod, caressing her soft skin. “Are you going to read my palm, tonight, again?”
“No!” Lowell stood upright from the chair.
She looked up with a sad pout and viewed Lowell. “No?”
Lowell spun around and called out loud, swiftly dashing ahead through the room towards the dancing elevator doors. “I am sorry. I am too exhausted from the hectic day’s activities. I can’t believe we accomplished so much in one day. It is very close to ten pm. We need to return back to our assigned bedroom chamber on the non-damaged floors.”
Victoriana frowned with confusion and then rapidly without removing each ruby gemstone jewelry piece from her numerous body parts as the borrowed jewelry pieces did not belong to her, but she would wear them for fun during her employment at the Birmingham Art and Science Center for the rest of the summer. She slowly stood upright from the chair and stared down at the dirty dishes with puzzlement. Lowell had told that the kitchen robot would return and clean up the mess. "I guess robots are invading our world, only if humans didn't," she back stepped and then spun around, marching back to the dancing elevator, taking the carriage back to her shared bedroom chamber with her friend and her neighbor Gemma and retired for the evening. Tomorrow was going to become a busy day with an unknown Archive Ball from the single light bulb inside the fourth-floor level, where the two home-made automobiles stood in fresh water. Victoriana needed to rummage through her suitcase and find a cute mini-dress for the special occasion.
She arrived at the entrance wall that displayed two silver tinted doors on each end of the wall corner and pressed the button. One of the doors slid open and revealed an empty carriage without sound or person. She frowned and entered the carriage, spinning around with a stern face, holding the side wall and slapped the button for the ninth floor. "I guess the other three junior archivists were back inside the bedroom chamber for the last evening, like me." The single door closed shut and then the carriage started dancing side to side with its programmed movements, slowly lifting through the building.


§


Inside the 1st floor conference room, Walbash leaned back into the green tinted padded office chair and smiled with delight. “How intriguing! Lowell dumped Victoriana, without a good handshake or a good kiss. I wonder why.” She gasped in shock. “Why is Lowell interested in Gemma now? He knows something. I must learn his secret, before I eliminate the true Villain of the Villainous Yes, I must learn his secret, before his fiery finale. Now, I do not have any need for the other three teens, in case, there is a question about the disappearance one teen, not three teens here at the Birmingham Art and Science Center. I can eliminate Victoriana and Lowell at the same time, like the same accident. We all die of something, Mr. Police Officer, sir." She laughed out loud with her mental evil thoughts and twisted the spy camera lenses from the second-floor view downstairs inside the first-floor level while searching for the two teens, finding them inside one of the underwater gazebos. Dickana smiled. "Where are the two other teens? What is happening down on the first floor inside the swimming pool? Rats! My spy camera lenses are not programmed for an underwater surveillance. I must fix that immediately, tomorrow morning. I can't see Gemma or Trux. They both must be swimming under the water. I must ensure that they both have not drowned in the deep waters of the ten-foot swimming pool. Then I will eliminate them, once and for all, right here and right now," she laughed out loud with her evil grin.


§


Inside one of the underwater gazebos surrounded by the Egyptian god and goddess statue formats consisting of the ancient names Bast, Isis, and Hathor. Inside the slime cocoon, on top of the long stone bench, Gemma leaned over kissed Trux and then pulled back with a smile. “I got a big confession to make to you, Trux?”
He smiled. "Well, I got a big confession to make to you, also. I really like you, Gemma. Maybe, we can share an apartment on the college campus with all this extra money from my summertime internship job and my new college scholarships, I plan to attend Birmingham University. Are you going to attend that school too?”
“Ugh! Yeah, I’m going attend that local college, too. And, I like you, too. O! I forget to tell you also. I placed something in your blue jeans inside your back pocket, when we were in Bergen, this morning.”
He leaned over and kissed her forehead, pulling back with a smile. “What that be this afternoon based on USA time? Or this morning based on Bergen time?”
“The object was a tiny silver tinted coin inside your back pocket of your faded blue jeans for safekeeping, for me, before escaping from ...”
He smiled. "Yeah, a coin.”
She nodded. “Yes, the object was a thin silver colored coin which was the size of a dime."
"Yeah, a silver tinted coin."
“Yes, the object was a thin silver colored coin which was the size of a dime."
 “Yeah, a silver tinted coin like a dime."
“Yes, I placed a silver colored coin which the size of a dime inside the rear pocket of your blue jeans." 
He exhaled with worry. “Yeah, I know."
She smiled. “Yes, you found my coin inside your pair of blue jeans.”
He nodded. “Well, yeah, I found the coin. My clothes were dirty from the trip to Bergen."
She smiled and extended her palm to Trux, "May I please have my coin back?”
He nodded. “Well yeah, I can give the coin back."
She nodded. “O! Your dirty pair of blue jeans are located inside your shared bedroom with Lowell. We can leave the swimming pool and take the dancing elevator up your floor. The time is close to ten pm. We have work tomorrow."
He exhaled. "Well yeah, we can. Well yeah, I can give the coin back."
“What is wrong, Trux? Where is my coin, Trux?"
“Well yeah, I could give it back, if I had it. I thought it was a dime that I had found inside my back pocket. I got hungry and used …”
"What!” She covered my mouth.
He nodded with a stern face. "I used it dropping the coin with the other coins down into the vendor machine on our floor for a sweet snack. The snack was really good. O! Was the coin important to me? Well, I can go up into my room and get you another dime. I'm really sorry that I used your dime. I didn't know your dime was inside my back pocket on my blue jeans, babe.”
She sobbed with disappointment and held back her sad tears still covering her mouth. Her mom needed the healing touch of ancient coin with the symbol of Thor’s Hammer. She mumbled. “It…”
He frowned. "Why is the coin important? O! Did you dig it up from the dirt in the town of Bergen? I was paired with Lowell. We didn’t find a rune stone. O! Your coin was a souvenir from Bergen. Well, I am really sorry, Gemma!"
"Yeah!" Gemma flew off the shared stone bench and dashed over the wet floor, diving back through the blue tinted slime tent that protected the humans from drowning in the depths of the ten-foot level swimming pool of fresh warm water.
He continued to sit on the bench and shouted out loud with worry. "I’m so sorry, Gemma. I didn’t know. I wished that I had known then I won't have used the coin for my delicious snack." Trux slowly stood upright from the stone bench and shook his wet bone skull with confusion while feeling bad for Gemma, slowly walking with a pair of naked feet over the watery floor.
Gemma swam fast and emerged from the water, slowly walking up the stone steps at the patio area, whispering for her eardrums only. "Stupid teen! Stupid teen. I hate you, Trux. I got lucky and found a second Thor’s Hammer. And then Trux spent the coin at a vendor machine for a sweet snack. Stupid teen! Dumbo teen! I wished that you were dead. I found the thing to heal and save my mom from cancer. My mom is sick and dying of cancer. If my mom dies, then you do too. I hate you, Trux!” She stopped on top of the patio floor and wrapped both of her arms around her heated body displaying a set of tears, shaking her curls from the pain and the water while whispering. “Stupid teen! I wish you into death, Trux!"
Inside the conference room, Walbash sat back and smiled at the laptop screen that displayed Gemma on top of the patio floor. “Awe! Gemma ain't the Villain of the Villainous She is in puppy-dog love with Trux. And they had a love spat. I knew it. I knew it. I found him. Lowell displays leadership, bravery, creativity, deception, and cold-blooded murder. Gemma is a target of lost love from Trux and then total revenge, from me. Well, I should’ve sent him and her back home, after the first day of archive adventures, but I didn’t. I am so sorry, Gemma and Trux. I have found the Villain of the Villainous that ate, sleep, and worked underneath my two nose holes. Both of you are victims of my madness, so both of you must die like two young lovers in love from an ancient play. How ironic! You both are playing within the city of Atlantis, a water world of intrigue and danger. There is no way within the rumbling waters of Atlantis that Trux and Gemma will ever survive this disaster. I promise. But I will make a grand donation with a big pile of money from the U.S. Federal Government and the President of the United States to your biological family members for your innocent sacrifices from this cold, cruel world of evil. I am saving the world from evil making it sweet and gently again,” She reached over with laughter and pressed the yellow tinted button, gasping in alarm, seeing the three figures.


§


Throughout the swimming pool on the first floor, the world of Atlantic started rumbling.
Inside the gazebo, Trux stumbled to the side over the slippery surface and dropped down on his kneecaps, feeling the rumbling of the concrete floor. The three concrete statues started to shake, rattle and then slowly crumble small pieces of concrete down onto the floor from the violent shaking motion. He shouted out loud in worry. “What the fudge is happening down here in the swimming pool water? Gemma! An earthquake has hit here in Birmingham. Gemma, where are you?” Then the blue tinted slime wall started to rip apart and released a small steam of pool water into the enclosed protective cavern. He gasped in alarm and then sucked in a large breath of fresh air, swiftly standing upright, dashing ahead and dove through the crumbling slime tent, swimming up towards the surface for air molecules.
On top of the patio floor, Gemma wobbled side to side and gasped in alarm, scanning the patio setting with puzzlement. The row of lounge chairs danced side to side and then collided with each other. Then she heard an ear-piercing shrill and then a loud boom. She turned and faced the interior of the lobby, gasping in alarm, running ahead and slammed into a solid wall of thick steel that covered the ceiling, both side walls, and reached down into the concrete slot. She reached out and touched the dry steel material with both of her wet hands, saying with a worried brow. “O no! No! No! What is this? Why is there a steel door here now? The swimming pool is closed for the evening. O no! The swimming pool is closed and has been locked down for the rests of the night, until the sunrise of a new tomorrow. I’m trapped in here.” She back stepped from the steel wall and heard the new noise, spinning around, gasping in alarm. The patio floor rumbled with a roar and started to thrust pieces of small concrete slabs from the floor. Gemma gasped with alert. “O no! No! No! The swimming pool water is bubbling. The patio floor is rumbling. The entire swimming pool is shattering into pieces of rumble. And I am trapped here with the destruction. I'm going to die.”


§


Inside the 1st floor lobby, the glass door slid open and emitted three individuals one at a time, moving across the shiny floor, heading towards the side metal door on the opposite side from the tall steel-plated wall that held the enclosed swimming pool. The metal door was sandwiches between the wall corner and the enclosed booth of cashier chairs.
Senior archivist Bickman entered first with a stern face and turned from the row of squat steel-coated pylons that separated a crowd of visitors from the outside parking lot, viewing the closed metal door, pondering the evening staff meeting with Dickana. Bickman was not happy about the set of minor accidents during the daylight hours that had endangered her own precious life and the two lives of her co-workers and the four lives of the high school teens. After the evening staff meeting, Bickman would perform a private session with Dickana that would result in a blackened eye socket on someone but not Bickman. She softly chuckled with her evil thoughts. 
Senior archivist Patsie followed the back spine on Bickman and had fully rested and refreshed, wearing her familiar long dress in green hue. She was concerned about the dangerous and deadly antics of Dickana pondering if it was time for Dickana to retire. Patsie knew that Dickana's brother was close to death from his terrible cancer invasion on his weak body. Maybe, the stress of death was occupying Dickana's mental mind thoughts. She and Levine talked about booting Dickana into retirement, which felt like a good idea at the moment.
Senior archive Levin followed Patsie a few feet into the lobby and then halted, scanning the room, staring at the steel wall that covered half of the room. "What is that sound? What is that wall?"
"The sound is your noisy sinuses. The wall is the new swimming pool that is under construction for the presentation of tomorrow. Do you not notice your environment, Levine? Sometimes, it is of great importance to note your current environment, in case, of an emergency," Bickman stopped hitting the door with her three finger pads that magnetically and magically opened the metal, entering an empty hallway.
Patsie followed behind Bickman in silence with her mental thoughts of an insane Dickana.
Levine frowned at the steel wall and then returned, slowly moving ahead while whispering for his eardrums only. "I am always fully aware of my environment and my back spine," he spun around and scanned the lobby room with a stern face while slowly walking backwards into the empty hallway, spinning back around with a smile. He slowly padded down the hallway in silence and smiled at the back spine on Patsie.
Inside the conference room, Walbash swiftly stood upright from the chair and reached down, swiftly pressing a series of colorful buttons on her business laptop. The two recorded videos halted and then turned into black hue sizzling every camera devise inside the second floor Museum Room and the first-floor swimming pool area. The plastic board returned to white hue and the projector rose back up and hid again inside the metal ceiling tile. Then the ceiling panel closed shut and hid the spying world of Dickana Walbash.
“Too close!” She frowned with annoyance with the scheduled staff meeting and sat down in the chair, playfully slapping a musical beat on the table surface with both of her hands in nervousness.
The purple tinted conference room door slid open and revealed a floating silver tinted robot. The floating robot rolled a four-wheeled man-made silver tinted kart with four blue tinted covered trays of steaming food for the staff meeting and then parked the kart at the end of the table, spinning around, exiting the room.
the metal door closed shut.
A few second later, the door slid open for a second time and revealed Bickman. She entered first and grabbed the first blue tinted food tray, and stopped, sliding down into the opposite end of the long orange tinted metal conference table, staring at Dickana while pondering her evil thoughts of either a bloody nose or a blackened eye socket first on her evil supervisor. She lifted the lid and stared to consume the food items while chewing and still staring at Dickana.
Patsie entered next and grabbed the next food tray and stopped, sliding down on the side of the long table, nodding with a smile at Dickana, lifting the lid and studied the food.
Levine entered the room with a smile and grabbed the three food trays and marched around Bickman, sliding down the opposite side on the table, sitting down in front of the yellow tinted metal wall. He removed the lid and started to eat the food in silence.
Dickana stood upright from the chair and scooted from the table, moving ahead towards the food kart, asking with a soft tone. “Were you followed here?”
Patsie stabbed the meat and smiled at the vegetables. “Of course not, the four teens are not running around a damaged building with flooded or foamed floors, but inside their shared bedroom chamber, playing on their mobile telephone that teens like to do." She ate the food and chewed the meal, looking up to stare at the hair roots on Levine.
Walbash grabbed the food tray and back stepped, spinning around, returning to her queens' chair at the end of the table, gently dropping down the tray without lifting off the lid. She exhaled with worry. "Well, I don’t know how to start here. So, I'll jump in with both of my sandals. The particular summer internship program was set up for a special purpose. The special purpose is to find the leader Villain of the Villainous of all of the villains.”
Patsie turned and chuckled. "Well, that is a mouth fill. And I don't like your letter V sounds. What are you talking about? I don't understand."
Levine dropped his fork and knife, looking up with worry, staring at Dickana. "Is that really true? Is this internship program hosting a vile villain here within the group of teens? Are you saying that a teen is training as a villain or the teen is the leader villain? I don't understand your statement, either, Dickana."
Bickman laughed out loud and mouth spat her chewed food particles through the air which landed back down on her plate, over her hand, and across the metal surface. “Okay! That's one great special purpose for your summertime internship program, Dickana. So, does the Villainous of villains have a proper name?”
Dickana frowned. “No.”
“So, does the Villainous of villains have a code name or cute nickname or ugly tag name?” Bickman smiled.
“No.”
“So, does the Villainous of villains have a traced mobile telephone number or electronic bank account or a stolen birth certificate?” Bickman frowned.
“No.”
Bickman gasped in alarm. “So, does the Villainous of villains have a birthmark or a unique body type or a weird hair style, Dickana?”
Walbash shook her baldness. “No! I do not know who the Villainous of the Villains is.” She sat down and raised her palms. “Let me share all of my old and new information first! The pronoun, we, represents the President of the United States, one prime minister, and me. It is a very limited and private social club. I was contacted by the president personally. Then he shared with me what old information he had and then he needed. He needs the name of the Villainous of the Villains.”
Patsie slapped the table. “But we do know the new information. The name of the Villainous of the Villains is Kara Ingvar. She has proven both her mistrust and distrust. She has attacked us three times, without reason or shame. Go back and tell our president the new name, Dickana!”
Walbash nodded. “We thought that, also. Now, with all new information leaked or stolen, we do not think so. However, Kara Ingvar works for the Villainous of the Villains and is not the leader of the Villainous of the Villains.”
Bickman chewed and then swallowed the lump of food. “Then, we go and kidnap Kara, bring her butthole back here inside the USA and then make her tattle of her Villainous secrets. Then we be done with evil foreverly," she laughed alone.
Walbash nodded with a stern face. “That idea has been tossed around and then tossed down into the trashcan with a lid.”
Levine sat on the table and frowned with annoyance at Walbash. “Wait! We are not a set of kidnappers. We can’t go around the world and then grab a person for fun or torture.”
She nodded. “We can’t. I agree.”
Patsie shook her curls. “I don’t understand any of this evil matter. You and Kara have always been competitors, not buddies. In the field of archives, we don’t dance steps and speak at any public conferences. We don’t ever socialize with other archivists either. The archive world is dull and dark. So, why does all of this hostile and animosity exist now within the archive world?”
Walbash tilted her smile at Patsie. “I do believe that you know. Try and puzzle it out for the other archivists, Patsie!”
Levine gasped in shock and sneered at Patsie, sneering. “What do you know of the distrust, mistrust, competition, Patsie? What is the puzzle? I’m confused again.” He turned and snarled at Bickman. “Bickman, do you know of the distrust, mistrust, and competition within the archive world? Tell me! I am very confused.”
Bickman swallowed the food and turned to view Levine. “Honestly, I don’t know anything here. I am as clueless as you, Levine.”
Patsie looked up and frowned at Dickana. “I do know that the four summer archivist positions should not have been given to a set of high school senior teenagers. Teens, even high school and college, do not have the proper training or background for that specific archive research work.”
Bickman nodded with a smile. “I agree with Patsie. But, the four teens are doing a really good job as a novice archivist.”
Patsie nodded. “So, the interview process was a set up or a fake from the start.”
Walbash nodded. “The interview process was both a setup and a fake! Very good, Patsie. Do go on and tell us more of your thought processes!”
Levine gasped in shock. “The interview process was designed as set up. Who authorized the four fake archive positions? Each work position is a U.S Federal Government job."
Walbash smiled. "The President of the United States approved the four archive positions. I had supplied the brilliant idea.”
Bickman nodded. “This explains a closed Birmingham Science and Art Center during our busiest session within the calendar year.”
She nodded. “Yes, you are correct, Bickman. Please continue to express your free thoughts!”
Patsie continued to ponder and nodded to Dickana. “So, why are we entertaining four teenagers, without archive acknowledge and training? The four teenagers cannot, did not, and could not find the Ring of Solomon, if the ring was sitting on top of a single metal chair on the tenth-floor level. Actually, we can’t find the Ring of Solomon either. So, how do we expect four teens to find the Ring of Solomon?"
Levine nodded with a stern face and gasped in shock. “I know. I know the answer. One of their family members has stolen or possessed the Ring of Solomon. And the President of United States wants it back. What does the President of the USA want with a gold ring?"
Bickman frowned at Levine. “The Ring of Solomon is fake or false. No one knows the location. Everyone has been searching for the thing, since the beginning of time. And there is historical, scientific and spiritual literature that the golden signet ring was smashed, and each stone was scattered on the earth soil or to another blood relative of King Solomon."
Walbash nodded with a smile. “Yes, you are correct, Bickman. Please continue to express your free thoughts!”
Patsie gasped in alarm and sneered at Dickana. “You...you have conned the four high school teenagers into figuring out a false lead that lead us into the country of Sweden for a false flag with the mythical Ring of Solomon. Then we all fly inside an individual scary rocket ship and then encountered first and then engaged second with Kara and her nasty Rus teens with slime guns. Geez! I wished that I had worn my pink feathery hat to the first event."
Levine gasped in alarm and pointed at Bickman. “Bickman, you know all of this. You presented and then brought of the slime weapons to the gunfight.”
Bickman smiled. “The secret experimental slime weapons had been supplied by the U.S. military to us here at the Birmingham Art and Science Center for some fun usage, not war usage. The slime guns, tubes, and tubs were each a scientific experiment that has gone wrong and bad. The slime weapons were packaged as part of a survival kit for a U.S military soldier, not an archive employee. We took the survival packs for some fun, not some war. And the Rune Park in Sweden possessed hidden and vicious wild animals. And Dickana ordered me to be prepared for anything there at the Rune Park. I didn’t know Kara was going to crash our stone party, Levine. Geez! use your brains, man or woman!" She laughed at the strange male.
Patsie frowned. “So, how did Kara find us there at the Rune Park in Sweden? We want incognito inside a black tinted cloud inside a mini-rocket ship. Kara could not have possibility known our final location which had been decided a few minutes, before we left the building, the city of Birmingham, the great state of Alabama, the country of America, and the North American continent. Thus, we have a spying spy within our archive group. One of the teens is a spying spy for Kara."
Bickman shook her curls and frowned at Patsie. "First, the mini-rocket ship was disguised in a plume of dark clouds, not even the local weather radar would detect the ship, but see a small thunderstorm, or maybe a flying helicopter. The solar fumes from the rocket ship does not leave an air signature like a U.S military fighter jet. So, someone there at the local weather station in Sweden figured out our secret and then contacted Kara. Then Kara came over to the Rune Park to investigate and then attacked us on her homeland. The teens do not have mobile telephone service from their personal mobile telephone here inside the Center building, due to all the electronic toys, gadgets, and robots that messes with the outside signal. The teens have access to a computer laptop in the shared bedroom chamber, but that devise is monitored. I conclude that one of the high school teens is not a spying spy. There is another spy here.”
“One of the high school teens has a direct blood-relationship to the leader Villain of the Villainous of all the villains. Which teen?” Levine nodded with a smile.
"Which teen, indeed? Who is the teen, Levine?" Walbash turned and winked at Levine.
Bickman turned and nodded to Patsie. “What is your final conclusion, Patsie?”
Patsie nodded with a stern face. "Well, the four archive positions are fake. The search for the ring of King of Solomon is fake. The real meeting with Kala is real and really happened three times. So, we have a spy here. But I do not believe the spy is one of the high school teens either."
Bickman turned and smiled at Dickana. "What is our final conclusion, Dickana?"
Walbash looked down at her laptop keyboard and then looked up, nodding to Patsie, Bickman, and finally Levin. “A learneth archivist knows that the town of Bergen within the country of Germany has never housed a set of ancient rune stones."
Levine gasped in alarm and swiftly stood upright from the chair as the chair and his body hit the side yellow tinted metal wall, whipping out his personal hand gun from his tacky jumpsuit and pointing the gun at Walbash with evil laughter. “I confess. I am the spying spy. I work for Kara."
Walbash turned and smiled at Bickman. “I told you so, Bickman!”
Bickman laughed out loud. “Yeah, you did tell me, Dickana! Now, I can save all of us some time, money, and resources here. So, who is the leader villains of the Villainous of all the villains, Levine?”
Levine turned and frowned at Bickman. "I do not ..." A loud bang echoed inside the conference room. The discharge bullet from the personal hand gun inside the cupped hand on Bickman hit and then lodged in the forehead on Levine. He slammed backwards into the yellow metal wall still holding his hand gun in death and then slowly slid down onto the metal floor.
Patsie did not move but frowned at the dead man, turning with a sneer to Bickman. “I thought you were hired to fight with your fists."
Bickman laughed with a smile to Patsie. "I was hired to shoot a gun.”
Walbash laughed. "I thought the metal walls and floor was a bad idea. Great job, Bickman!"
She nodded to Walbash and turned to see Patsie. "Thanks, Dickana! I was wondering about your crazy behavior, but you were right about USA traitor Levine. Patsie, are you upset or worried or traumatized from this strange deadly event?"
She exhaled with sadness, sorrow, and puzzlement, turning to nod at Dickana. "Well, I was clueless about everything. I was starting to possess a set of wild mind thoughts of an insane Dickana too. I am sorry, Dickana. You have been acting really weird lately. I didn't understand until now with Kara, Levine, the Rus."
Dickana smiled. "The heated pressure was getting to me. I wanted to expose the spying spy and exhibited some pretty bold methods to accomplish that feat. I am sorry for acting out all my wild and crazy social and business behaviors, in front of you, two. But, now, we are all cool. Levine has been identified as the leader Villain of the Villainous villains. We all can rest with a peace of mind and go back home for the rest of the evening. I will stay here and oversee the four teens and the fleet of robots in repairing the Center. Tomorrow is a new day and the upcoming fun Archive Ball. Good night, Bickman and Patsie! Bickman, can you please remove the USA traitor from the conference room? I and President of the USA do not care where the body is hidden and buried. No USA citizen will care either. This is big blew to Kara and her evil Rus soldiers. Kara will never come here and found the body. The end!"
"My pleasure!" Bickman stood upright from the chair and approached the dead body, lifting the arms of Levine in the air. Patsie rose from her chair and lost her appetite for food, assisting Bickman with the dirty deed, slowly padding towards the conference room.
Dickana sat down with a smile and typed on the computer keyboard a message to Kara with dangerous love.


§


On the 1st floor, behind the steel door, inside the swimming pool, Gemma stood on top of the patio lounge chair. The pool water was rising and touched the edge of the chair.
Trux quickly emerged from the water and spat out streams of foul water from his open mouth, slowly racing to Gemma, shouting out loud. "We need to leave the pool area right now." He turned and gasped in alarm. "What is this thing?"
She pointed at the wall. "A steel door clamped down after the rumbling of the water. We can't escape from the pool area. Now, the pool water is rising and touching my feet on the chair. Why is the pool water rising and overflowing onto the patio area and all of the patio furniture?"
He turned with worry and pointed down at the pool. "The set of water pipes underneath the pool concrete floor has all erupted and is filling the pool with more fresh water. That's why the water is rising."
She sneered. "I hate water. I hate swimming. I will never, ever swim in a pool or a pond or a river or an ocean again."
The rumbling grew louder and then patio floor and walls shook. Some of the concrete slabs started to drop off the walls and the ceiling. 
He gasped in shock. "We must protect our bodies from the falling ceiling tiles. Else, we will get killed in here."
She pointed at the chair where her feet were covered in water. "What about the rising water in here? We'll drown first."
"No! There is a backup water system that monitors the water height inside the massive swimming pool. Else the water bill will go into trillions of dollars here at the Center. When the water raises a certain height before the ceiling tiles, the backup system will automatically shut down the water pipes. We will not drown first. We'll get smashed by the falling concrete slabs and then bleed to death. Here!" Trux dashed ahead, stopped, and slammed in his shoulder into the first beverage machine, shoving the machine away from the solid wall, creating a tiny slender hiding spot. He spun around and motioned to Gemma. "Come over here, Gemma! We can squeak inside and hide in here until the shaking stops. The we can find a communication devise or break into one of the electronic devises and contact Dickana for a rescue."
She gasped in shock and leaped off the chair, slowly waddling through the ankle-deep water, waving both of her arms in fear. "Okay! Okay! I'm coming. Don't crowd our hiding spot, before I get there." Gemma dashed into the small hole while scraping her naked toes and her arms, cuddling into the wall and the back of the machine. The machine was cold feeling and dead as the earthquake killed the electrical current. 
The floor, the walls, and the ceiling continued to shake and dropped down pieces of concrete debris over the floor and down in the pool water.
Trux entered next and cuddled with Gemma lifting a large piece of the machine front over their two hair roots, feeling pieces of heavy chunks of concrete hit on the metal. He grunted in pain and worry while pondering the deadly situation, scanning the concrete floor. He gasped in
shock and punched the wall with a free fist, feeling the softness of the material. "Yes. Yes. Yes. We are saved, Gemma."
She gasped in shock and smiled at the wall. "What! What is it? What have you found?"
Trux continued to hit the wall with his fist. "This wall is not concrete but plaster which is softer than concrete. There is another room behind the wall right here. What is beside the swimming pool?"
She smiled. "The booth of cashier chairs is beside the swimming pool."
He smiled. "This is our escape hole." Trux continued to punch his fist into the plaster while looking for a thinner spot."
She snarled with worry. "What are you going? Don't waste time! Punch a hole into the wall!"
"Well, I'm trying too, but the plaster is thicker right here. I'm shuffling backwards and looking for a thinner section within the plaster, like a computer cubby." He rigged the large sheet of metal over the row of vendor machines to protect Gemma and shouted out loud to her. "Stay right here, Gemma! I placed the ripped-out machine front over the exposed air waves, which should keep off the falling debris from your head. I'll slowly punch the plaster material around the wall corner and find a thinner spot to break open. Then, we can escape from the pool area into the hidden room." Trux moved from the hidey hole and picked up one of the cheap chairs, ripping off the leg, dropping down the chair. He turned and faced the wall, slamming the chair leg into the material, slowly scooting away from the row of vendor machine and Gemma.
Inside the hidey hole, numerous pieces of heavy debris continued to fall and bombarded the metal sheet. Then, one medium-sized piece of concrete broke through the metal sheet and landed behind Gemma. She screamed in fear and shouted out loud for Trux. "Trux! Get back here to me! The metal sheet has broken away. I am exposed. Come back here, right now!" More pieces of concrete dropped through the opening on the sheet metal as Gemma shouted in terror. She swiftly scooted backwards from her hidey hole and slammed her face and body into the smooth wall for body protection, calling to Trux. The large pieces of debris fell mostly from the center of the ceiling down in the pool water or on top of the patio furniture. She slowly scooted around the wall corner and viewed Trux.
Trux was standing in waist-high pool water and slamming a chair leg into the center of the yellow tinted plaster wall. He had found a thinner section within the wall. The wiggling water around his body floated in wall debris, but Trux continued to work. Then he disappeared from the pool water.
On the side wall, Gemma screamed in panic and dropped off the patio stairs, drowning in the deep water that was over ten feet high. She was a tall girl but needed longer legs. Gemma emerged from the water and coughed out loud, calling for Trux. "Trux, where are you? Trux, did you punch out a hole?" She swam to the center of the wall and gasped in shock. A medium-sized hole revealed a hidden pump station that controlled the water height. Beside the dead mechanic pump, a smaller hole appeared with numerous jagged edges. Trux was too large of a male to fit through the smaller hole, but not a smaller Gemma.
So, Trux had died from drowning while creating a hole for her escape. She would never forget her hero, even though he had spent the ancient Thor's Hammer coin for a sweet snack.
Gemma struggled out from the water and then climbed onto the wet ledge, crawling through the smaller hole, gasping for air molecules. The pool water was rising, not stopping. She carefully wiggled her slender body through the jagged hole and then tumbled down onto the hard floor, gasping in sour breathes. She slowly crawled ahead from the spilling water and then slowly stood upright from the floor while flinging numerous wet drops from her wet hair and wet body and then stopped. A figure stood in front of the glass entrance doors and stared into the lighted parking lot.
Gemma slowly moved ahead with a stern face and then stopped, standing in wetness beside the figure, scanning through the glass wall. "What are you doing here, Lowell?"
Lowell softly chuckled without waking the dead. "I should ask you that same question. What are you doing here all wet?"
She smiled at the parking lot. "Well, I want swimming in the swimming pool. And then Dickana closed the pool, so I had to leave it all behind. I was heading back up into my shared room with Victoriana. Have you seen Trux by chance?"
He smiled. "Well, I wanted to leave the internship program, but the entrance doors are locked, and my personal mobile telephone does not work to call my parents and I am stuck here in the Land of Dickana."
"What!" She reached out and pushed on the glass door with all her might, standing upright with a nod at the lighted parking lot. "Yeah, I feel the same way. Should we...?"
"Someone is coming. We're supposed to be inside our rooms. The side door is slowly opening for someone. Quiet! Hide!" He reached out and grabbed her hand, shoving them back behind the rows of steel pylons while spying on the door.
The metal door completed swung open and revealed the back spine of Patsie first. She grunted in pain and carried the two legs on a dead Levine. "He’s really heavy.”
Bickman moved through the open archway and grunted from the heavy work while whispering back to Patsie. "Keep moving swiftly ahead and towards the entrance door. I pressed the button. The doors are unlocked. Get outta of the building and move towards my black tinted van. We will store him in there. Then, you go home and sleep. I'll finish the job."
"Okay!" She whispered.
Behind the row of steel pylons, her two eyeballs absorbed the commotion seeing three figures and as Gemma whispered. “What’s that?”
Lowell gasped in shock and then stuttered with worry. “That...that is a body…"
She gasped with a whisper. “No! no!” 
“Yes! Yes! Look at the length of the object. Look how the object slumps down at the waistline and then sags in the middle of the body. Someone is dead.”
She nodded. “Trux!”
He gasped in shock. “Have you seen Trux tonight?”
“No! No! I have not.” Gemma turned with a stern face and stared at the steel wall that hid the swimming pool exhibition: City of Atlantis. Trux did not get out of the pool water and through the tiny hole in time. He had drowned as the water level rose over his tallness. A human did not breathe underwater like the magical and mythical Atlanteans.
At the open entrance door, Bickman followed Patsie out and continued to carry the upper body of Levine. They stopped at the white van and loaded the dead body into the rear compartment.
Patsie rushed to her car and then stripped off her dirty, bloody clothes, entering the driver's seat, slowly driving away from the terrible evening.
Bickman fiddled around with the body and then leaped into the rear of the van, closing the rear door, padding to the driver's seat. Then she drove away also from the building to finish the dirty deed.


§


Inside the building, on the 1st floor, behind the row of steel pylons, Lowell frowned with a whisper and stared at the two leaving automobiles. “No, I have not seen Trux tonight, either. I left him inside the vendor machine room pouring money down into the machine for more food. That boy eats day and night and each hour of the day."
She returned and frowned while staring at the two leaving automobiles too. “Yeah!”
He reached out and grabbed her arm with a stern face. “Look! We need to find a phone and call the police to here and report a murder or a something.”
“Yeah! Yeah! I wanna leave too. That…that’s why I came down here. I…I was going to use the business telephone. A real landline is located on the office desk, where the receptionist works during the day that goes to the outside phones from here. Don't you remember? Patsie said that we could use the business landline and call our parents anytime.”
“I remember. But my parents aren’t home at the moment. They’re out of town.”
She nodded. “My parents are outta of town too. Go and find the landline telephone, Lowell!”
“That's a quaint solution. Let’s go right now.” He slowly upright from the floor and spun around, facing the enclosed booth with numerous cashier chairs, looking for the single office desk.
A faint sound echoed throughout the first-floor lobby.
Lowell gasped in shock and dropped back down to the floor, colliding into the folded body on Gemma, hiding back behind the row of steel pylons again, scanning the room for the new sound. The room was silence, except for a faint sound of squeaking.
Gemma whispered. “Is that a mouse coming from the elevator floor?”
His eyeballs turned and stared at the open metal door and as Lowell whispered back. “No! That is not a mouse. That is a pair of worn sandals. That's Dickana Walbash.”
A few second later, Dickana moved through the open door with a smile and her laptop slowly strolling towards the entrance glass doors and then stopped, placing a metal card on top of the flat plate. Both glass doors opened wide.
Gemma gasped in shock. "We should escape right now!"
Lowell frowned. “No! They killed someone. I wanna live to see tomorrow."
She frowned. "Okay! Okay! Yeah, I wanna live to see tomorrow too.”
Through one door, Walbash left the building and moved ahead to her car while humming a soft classical musical tune. The twin doors closed behind her back spine and then sealed shut again.
"It’s all clear.” Lowell stood upright from the floor and spun around running ahead and slammed into the office desk with a heavy grunt. He reached out and fumbled with the receiver on the old fashion telephone with a shaky hand, lifting the receiver to his face, slamming his cheekbone, eardrum, and his lips. He frowned with puzzlement. “I heard nothing in the receiver. It...”
Gemma chased after Lowell and then slammed into office desk, whispering behind his hairy bone skull, “Dial the number 911!"
“It is silence. There isn’t any type of ringing or swishing sound. There isn't any type of noisily static either.”
Gemma spun around and gasped in shock, seeing Dickana drive away. “Dickana cut off the telephone service from the building. Why would Dickana do that? Dickana has trapped us here like a sick horrible nightmare.”
"Don’t panic! We'll leave in the morning, when Patsie returns into the building. The glass doors have to open for her. So, we stay and sleep here.”
"I don’t know. There is water all over the floor. Are your feet wet?" She laughed.
He looked down and viewed the puddles of water, "Where did all of this water come from? My new leathers are getting all wet. The wet will ruin the shine."
She flipped her hand and smiled. "One of the water exhibitions is leaking. Yeah, the water exhibitions always leak. I had worked here during the summer for one year as an attendee for the water exhibition. There was standing water all over the floor, all the time, that I had too…”
"So, we sleep on top of the desk and other office furniture right here and wait for daylight. When Patsie returns tomorrow morning, we can make our escape and call the police authorities.”
She frowned. “Where is Victoriana?”
“Victoriana! We had a fight. She is probably in her bedroom asleep like Trux. The hour is close to midnight. We need to get some rest, or we will be tired tomorrow morning."
“What did you and Victoriana fight about?”
He smiled. “You!”
She slapped her chest. “Me!”
“Yes, I do not like Victoriana anymore. She is full of…"
"...vanity...”
He smiled. “I was going to use a more colorful adjective. Maybe, we can hang out together. O! You are with Trux.
She smiled. “No! I am not with Trux anymore,” then Gemma sneered. “He stole sometime of mine.”
He frowned. "What did the cowboy steal? I do know that he enjoys stealing items and then not returning them back to the proper owner. Maybe, we can steal it back from Trux,” Lowell laughed.
“I…I found another Thor’s Hammer coin in the town of Bergen, this afternoon..."
"This morning..." 
She frowned. “Yeah."
“That seems impossible to me!" He frowned.
She sneered. “No, it is possible. I found one. I need it. I want it. I'm going into his bedroom and find it."
He frowned. "But, you said, that Trux lost your item."
She nodded. "He did. But the coin was very old and very ancient. Some of the minerals probably dropped down inside the pocket on his dirty pair of blue jeans."
He nodded. "That could be correct. Why is the coin so important to you?"
She sneered. “The coin is important.”
He slapped his chest with a nod. “Well, I am only person that can get you into that room. Why is your coin important for me?"
She nodded. "The ancient coin possesses healing powers."
He nodded. "Yes, Thor's Hammer symbol is a myth that has healing powers."
Gemma exhaled with worry and nodded to Lowell. "My mom, she has cancer. She is going to die of cancer. I wanna give her the ancient Thor’s Hammer coin. The coin will heal her. I know the tale, but I believe it.”
He nodded with a smile. “Hmm! That is a noble cause and a childish dream.”
"The coin will…”
“Duck down!” Lowell gasped in shock and grabbed her arm, jerking Gemma down onto the floor. They slowly peeked over the office desk staring at the entrance wall. 
Outdoors on the entrance wall, the entrance door rattled, without opening. Walbash appeared and stood behind the back spine on Patsie, sneering at the woman. “The entrance door is sealed and locked. What do you want here, senior archivist Patsie?"
Patsie pointed inside the lobby. "I want inside the building. Who are supervising the children?"
“The children are teenagers, who are almost consenting adults. They can stay inside the building alone for one night. The time is almost midnight. The sun rises at five a.m. The time, when we are all required to attend our working jobs tomorrow morning.”
Patsie exhaled with annoyance and talked to the glass door. “Yes, I know my work job. No, I don’t like my new work assignment. Good night, Dickana!” She slid down the glass wall and then spun around rushing back to her personal car for a new night of nightmares. Her car left the parking lot for a second time for her house.
Dickana spun around and moved ahead while watching Patsie, padding back to her automobile also, leaving the parking lot.
Inside the lobby, Lowell continued to stare the two women and the different cars, exhaling with a nod, leaning a whisper into her face. “Now, we know who is missing from the archive quartet. Levine is missing. They killed him. Why would they murder him?”
She whispered into his eardrum. “I don’t know. But we are next, if we didn’t get outta of here.”
He shook his skull and viewed any empty parking lot. “No, I don’t think so. There are numerous ample opportunities to kill us today and yesterday with the crazy dancing elevator, the dangerous flying rocket, and that evil dark traveling tunnel.”
He smiled. “And, we are not dead but here. So, we are not the target but here. So, who is the target here?”
Gemma exhaled with worry. “I don’t know."
He nodded. "Look! I don't know either. So, we go up to our individual rooms and forgot all this mess. We didn’t see a dead body and Levine is not missing. We pretend to be four silly teens on tomorrow for our new day. And then, I’m coming down here into the lobby and leaving the building using my personal mobile telephone, calling a friend to come and get me outta of his mad house.”
She shook her curls. "I can’t leave yet. I need something.”
He exhaled. “The powdery remnants of Thor’s Hammer inside a pair of wet, sweaty blue jeans. If there were any remnants left in there, it would be finer than baking flour. And it would be no use to you or your mom. You could not transport something, so fluffy and tiny…”
“I have to try.”
“You have to wait.”
“I can’t wait."
He grinned with a chuckle. “Tomorrow is the Archive Ball.”
She nodded. “Yeah, I heard that message from the tiny bulb inside the fourth-floor flood. The Archive Ball is tomorrow.”
“During the Archive Ball, archivists throughout the world will come and gather at one place on Planet Earth for a grand meeting of the minds and tons of exchange ideas. Tomorrow, the meeting is being held here at the Birmingham Science and Art Center. And each invited group of archivists bring for the exchange information a set of valuable souvenirs from a hidden castle dungeon. You are looking for the real Thor’s Hammer pieces and remnants. The real Thor’s Hammer will be on display here at the Birmingham Art and Science Center, tomorrow afternoon.” 
"What!" She gasped in shock. “How do you know that new information?”
“The old information is located on the internet website, babe.” He laughed.
She leaned over and kissed his cheekbone, pulling back with a smile. “You're my new hero. I’m staying for the ball.”
He chuckled with a wink. “I would very careful with that statement.”
She frowned. "Why? What for? Why should I be careful at the Archive Ball?"
He winked. “I mentioned that all the archivists from all the world are invited to come here to Birmingham Art and Science Center. And that invitation also includes archivist Kara Ingvar and all of the Rus."
She gasped. “The Rus! Are the Rus really coming here to the Archive Ball?"
He nodded. "The Rus are here now. We had encountered the Rus and their nasty toys in the town of Bergen and here at Lake Martin near our home town of Birmingham. Yes, they are invited here, too.”
She gasped. “Levine, he was a spy for Kara. That’s why he’s dead now. He died by the hand of vicious Bickman. Walbash is a sneaky snake. But Bickman is a true warrior.”
He chuckled. "Maybe!”
“Well, I’m going to the Archive Ball tomorrow morning. I’m staying here to see all the fireworks. I hope that I see Kara beat up Dickana.” She softly chuckled.
He frowned. “But our supervisor Dickana is one of the good guys. She’s an American like me and you.”
Gemma nodded with a sneer. “Dickana is a sneaky, snaky American, not like me and you. Good night, Lowell, my new friend! I feel much better about my life and the life of my mom. I'm heading up to bed for some fast slumber. The sun rises at five in the morning during the summertime days.” She spun around with a smile and moved ahead while humming with happiness at the new information from Lowell and the upcoming Archive Ball, turning the wall corner, sneering at the steel wall that held the overflowing swimming pool water and a dead Trux. "Good night, dead Trux! Thanks for saving my life and my mom's life!" She stopped and stared at the silver tinted doors on the side wall and pressed the button. The elevator door slid open and revealed an empty carriage. She entered inside and slid sideways holding onto the side bar, reaching out, pressing the button on the 9th floor level. The elevator door closed shut and then the carriage started its dancing motion while Gemma screamed out loud with fun.
Inside the lobby, Lowell continued to stand in front of the office desk and stared out into the light parking lot with a whisper. "I don't know that you could kill a human, Dickana and Bickman and Patsie. Who was Levine really? Was he the true spy or the true patriot? Well, I don't know but I will try to find out tomorrow. Another archive adventure awaits us all. Good night moon!" He scooted from the office desk and spun around, slowly padding over the wet floor in his wet shoes, turning the wall corner, and stood in front of the wall with the two dancing elevators. He reached out and pressed the button, hearing a faint sound.
“Gemma…” a faint voice whispered in the quiet hallway. Lowell stood in place and looked up at the ceiling while pondering the faint noise.
“Gemma…” the same faint voice repeated.
Lowell spun around from the dancing elevator and slowly moved ahead through two inches of water, scanning the floor, each wall, and then rushing ahead and stopped, squatting down over a wet Trux. Lowell gasped in alarm. "Trux, what’s happened to you? Are you hurt? Are you bleeding somewhere? Why are you and your clothes all wet? Did you go swimming in the new swimming pool? I don't understand you, Trux. The city of Atlantis swimming pool is closed down for the evening."
Trux coughed out loud and wiped off his wet face with a whisper. "Gemma…”
“Gemma is fine and dandy, but you are not. What happened to you, Trux? You are resting on the floor in water. Well, you have survived something, again, cowboy. You must have nine lives like an old farm mule. Isn’t the proper farm expression? Let’s get you upright and walking back into our shared bedroom for the night. Save your strength and rest up! Tomorrow will be a very busy day for all of us, teen archivists." He grabbed Trux and slowly stood upright, assisting Trux to stand, slowly padding back down the floor of wet, stopping in front of the open carriage.
They entered.
Lowell rested Trux down on the floor as the tall teen was too heavy to hold during the vicious ride on the dancing elevator. Lowell held onto the side bar and then pressed the button. The door closed shut and then dancing elevator started its unique dance steps while Trux slid over the floor with dizziness and pain.

At 11:11:11 pm, junior archivist, seventeen years old, high school senior student Lowell laughed out loud with amusement.
Chapter Four


At 11:11:12 pm, on the 9th floor level, inside the female sleeping unit, Victoriana finished brushing her hair inside the bathroom and stared into the reflection mirror, nodding with a smile, exiting the lavatory. She stared at the lump underneath the pile of bedroom covers, yelling out loud. “Gemma! Gemma, are you awake in here? I don’t understand. I was thinking. Why did we not go and visit the town of Bergen in the country of Germany today, instead of the town of Bergen in the country of Sweden? The rune stones are in the country of Sweden, not the country of Germany. Did you know why, Gemma?”
She slowly moved ahead and stopped, reaching out, touching the pile of linens, laughing out loud. “She's gone again. Gemma is madly in love with that boy.” She reached down with a smile and sprayed the smelly bed linens with her perfume, ruffling the wet items for Gemma, spinning around with a giggle and placed the perfume bottle on her nightstand. She dove into her bed mattress and clicked off the light, wrapping the bed linens around her naked body, staring at her new mint green mini-dress on the wall rack. "Good night, dress!" She closed her two eyelashes and dropped down into a deep slumber from another exciting and dangerous day and night activities at the Birmingham Art and Science Center.
A few minutes later, Gemma entered the room and chewed from the plate of food, moving ahead towards the lavatory, dropping crumbles over the wooden floor, where the fleet of cleaning robots will pick up tomorrow morning. She stopped at the wash sink and smiled with particles of blue and yellow tinted food items stuck on her teeth, whispering with happiness. "Tomorrow is my day. I can feel it in my bones. I will steal what I have too and fight what I need to, so I can save the life of my mom." She finished chewing and continued to eat building up her strength for the unknown but named Archive Ball on tomorrow morning.






Chapter Five


June 8th, Friday


City of Birmingham within the U.S. State of Alabama

Birmingham Art and Science Center
Warm temperatures with bright sunshine
07:07 a.m.

9th floor level
Shared bedroom setting of Gemma and Victoriana


Junior archivist Gemma opened both of her two eyelashes and then gasped, resting on top of the messy bed mattress, shaking her body side to side into full consciousness and stared up at a ceiling of mint green tinted metal panels. The interior walls of the Birmingham Art and Science Center building was made of metal, where a closed door opened by a wet human finger pad or an ounce of human brow sweat, after the metal has been activated by the concept of electromagnetism. She kicked off the blue colored bedcovers from both legs and swiftly stood upright from the messy bed mattress, wearing her soft pajama top with a design of tiny green and yellow teddy bears, feeling angry and disappointment. She was seventeen-year-old with a tall and slender body frame, a cropped head of black colored hair, a pair of brown colored eyes, and a tone of olive colored tinted skin. She stood in-between the two bed mattresses and lifted both of her arms into the air, cupping both hands into a set of two fists with a sneer, swiftly dropping down both of her folded fists near the sleeping peaceful face of her friend Victoriana as both of her cupped fists didn’t hit the smooth cheekbone of a sleeping Victoriana.
Gemma continued to thrust both of her arms and her two cupped fists up and down, without touching a body part on Victoriana, saying with a soft whispered sneer for her eardrums only. “I hate you. I hate you more than you know. I had in my possession one of the discs that came from the true Nordic god Thor, when I had flown and landed inside the country of Sweden on the second day of our summer intern employment. Then, the Rus attacked us. Then, I ran away with my found Thor's Hammer disc to save my life. Then, you ran into my body with carelessness. Then, I lost the tiny golden colored disc that could have cured my mother of her terrible cancer,” she dropped down both of her arms and slapped her naked legs sobbing with sorrow, feeling an upraising of tears and then cleared her throat, dumping the thick salvia and her teenly emotions back down into the pit of her growling stomach.
Gemma might not have either biological parent here on Planet Earth, next year. She wiped a set of fresh tears of worry about her mother, exhaling with a puff of worry and a whisper for her eardrums only. “This isn’t a summertime job for me to collect a paycheck of real money in order buy a pair of designer shoes. I'm here to get money to pay for my college courses and gather some type of work experience to make a living for myself. Victoriana is here to flirt with all the male teens. I hate Victoriana and Trux. Both of you have ruined everything for me. I found a second silver tinted coin with the symbol of the same Nordic god Thor's Hammer and placed the coin inside the rear pocket on Trux's blue jeans for safekeeping. Then, Trux used my coin and dropped the dime-shaped object down into a food machine which provided him a sweet snack. I hate you, Trux. I hate you. Yeah, I hate you, too. I should kill you for making my life misery. O yeah! That's right! I didn't kill you with my personal vengeance. The swimming pool murdered your body. Well, I guess the robots have found your dead blue tinted body now. But now, my mom is going to die, because of Victoriana. I hate you, Victoriana. I hate you, Victoriana. But I can do something that will harm you, Victoriana, like Bickman did last night to dead and gone senior archivist Levine. Lowell and I decided to stay quiet and continue to investigate the ghostly matter first. But I plan to steal the Thor's Hammer from the exhibition and leave the building, driving to the nearest police station and then report a ton of the murders.”
She back stepped and rolled over the length of the bed mattress, tumbling down on the opposite side of the bed mattress and away from Victoriana, landing on both of her naked kneecaps with a soft grunt of pain on top of the hard-wooden floor and the soft thick bedcovers in pale blue. She reached out and grabbed her handbag that held all her personal items, digging down into the contents, searching for the tiny sharp pen knife that every southern bell carried for an emergency.
Inside the second bed mattress, Victoriana opened both eyelashes with a gasp and viewed the ceiling, kicking off the blue colored bedcovers, swiftly standing upright from the mattress with a worried brow. She was seventeen years old with a tall and slender body type, a tone of dark tinted skin, a set of big breasts, a pair of long legs, a head of long blonde colored hair, and a pair of brown colored eyes. She remembered the single event of last night with rude Lowell. Maybe, Trux could become her new best friend.
Victoriana turned and stared with a confused brow at the black colored hair roots of Gemma, since Gemma was exercising on the floor for some reason. Victoriana desired to tattle about the terrible event with Lowell last night but didn’t know if Gemma would believe the tragic tale of their romantic breakup. Victoriana spun around to face the bathroom door with a worried brow and moved ahead with a meek timber while acting like her usual happy self. “Good morning, Gemma! I get the bathroom first. I’ll be a long time while getting ready for the new adventure of the day with Dickana and the other archivists. You just continue your exercising.” The bathroom door slapped shut.
Gemma found the pen knife inside the handbag and lifted it up near a sour frown and a whisper for her eardrums only. “I hate her.”

At 08:45 am, Gemma emerged out from the shared bedroom with an angry face and a soft string of vicious curses words while desiring to kill her best friend Victoriana, rapidly strolling down an empty hallway of new yellow hue. The bedroom door slid closed with a swish sound behind the back spine of Gemma.
Victoriana had taken over an hour to get dressed on the third day of the summer employment job and eventually had left the shared bedroom while waiting inside the tenth floor Traveling Exhibition room with the other adult and teen archivists for the new work day.
Dickana had mentioned last night that the team of teen archivists could sleep later in the morning, since today, the team of archivists was hosting the annual Archive Ball here in Birmingham.
Gemma was dressed in a blue tinted sleeveless cotton blouse with a set of two front row ruffles that ran down the sides of her tiny breasts which made her breasts look a lot bigger. She wore the same faded, dirty, pale-tinted blue jean skirt and a pair of worn and polished blue and yellow tinted cowgirl boots. Her shoulder length hair was parted on the side which was clipped with a cheap blue rhinestone bowtie barrette while keeping it out of her eyeballs. Her eyeballs darted side to side at each wall and the floor. The computerized cleaning bots did a good job of keeping the interior metal building spotless and shiny.
However, the two side walls, the floor, and the ceiling for some reason had morphed into a soft mint green color, instead of the white hue which had shown on the first day of her employment. And all the metal art pieces were missing from each smooth metal wall too. Gemma was both concerned and curious.
The set of elevator doors on the right side of the entrance wall was opened for an easy entrance up the next floor.
She moved ahead and entered the carriage while facing the solid wall, reaching over, slapping the tenth-floor button on the control panel and stopped, standing in place, grabbing onto one of the side wall bars with both hands for the short ride inside the dancing elevator up toward the next floor. The interior carriage was made of hard wood paneling. Going around the wall, there was a waist-high rounded piece of wood which was similar to a long exercise bar. On top of the ceiling, there was an array of numerous U-shaped handholds that dotted across the wood and jiggled side to side.
The set of elevators doors did not close.
Gemma sneered with an angry face. “Ugh! I’m so furious at Victoriana and Trux that I had slammed the control panel, instead of the elevator button,” she back stepped and stopped, reaching up and grabbed onto the U-shaped handholds for the rough ride, slamming the tenth-floor button with a growl and latched onto the handhold.
The elevators doors did not close shut.
She gasped with alarm and spun around with a worried brow to see the control panel and the open archway on the elevator carriage. “What's wrong with the elevator doors?” She released the handhold and dashed ahead with a puzzled brow, stopping and stood in front of the control panel in the wall corner, reaching down and slapped the tenth-floor button.
The elevators doors did not close shut.
She gasped in alarm and whispered for her eardrums only. “The elevator is not moving. There is nothing wrong with the dancing elevator either. Victoriana used it this morning while I was taking my turn inside the bathroom shower. And she did not come back into our shared bedroom, since she would have been whining and complaining about the malfunctioning elevator. So, Victoriana is up on the tenth floor eating and flirting with Lowell, but I am here. Why am I stuck here on the ninth floor?” She gasped in alarm again. “O no! I had destroyed the cute Bubble Room on the fourth floor, the other night. Then I also had destroyed the swimming pool on the first floor, last night. There are numerous sets of recording video cameras that are located everywhere here inside the Center. That means that Trux and I are in trouble. Trux! He is dead. I can't go and talk with him. A dead person doesn't talk. So, I just have to work out my own swimming pool storyboard of innocent and naivety. Or I might become immediately discharged from my new summer intern job from the U.S. Federal Government,” she snapped her fingers. "But I must appear like I don't know that Trux is dead, even though he is dead down there on the first floor, where no one has found the blue-tinted body yet. Yeah, I gotta keep up the part." Gemma reached down and slapped the eighth-floor button on the control panel.
The elevator doors slid closed with a loud hiss. Then, the elevator carriage violently jerked to the side with a halt and then smoothly descended to the eighth floor. Gemma screamed and slid to the opposite wall hitting a shoulder against the wooden paneling, sliding down onto the floor in both angry and fury and cuddled into the wall corner with a sour frown. “Welcome to the dancing elevator!”
One of the talented students at the Alabama Architectural School dreamed up the outrageous concept of a dancing elevator. The concept was presented to directors at the Birmingham Art and Science Center. The dancing elevator idea was approved and implemented for the curious children. The old pair of working elevators was removed and then the set of two new elevators was installed.
The design, a sequential elevator step or a single movement sideway started on the first floor of the ground level which was not located in front of the entrance doors like a normal operating elevator. The entrance door was located on the corner edge of the wall in front of the lobby room, not in the center like usually. If two people stood inside each one of the elevators and faced the closed doors, then the elevator on the right would side step and go to the right side of the building only. The other elevator carriage shifted in the opposite direct to the left and traveled in a sidestep pattern to the left only. Each floor displayed a pair of two elevator portal located in a different portion of the solid wall depending on the floor. But both elevators worked at the same time while going to the right or to the left. And the design of two shifting elevators encompassed the entire space of the front part of the building which had been built going up from the concrete foundation floor toward the rooftop. The front of the building was composed of red colored brick which perfectly hides all the mechanic elevator shafts and cables and such hardware equipment and parts.
The elevator doors slid open with a soft hiss.

At 09:09 am, on the 8th floor level, inside the male sleeping unit, Gemma stood upright from the floor with a worried brow and dashed out from the carriage, racing down an empty hallway without seeing Lowell or Trux. She slammed into the metal door at the end of the hallway with a loud grunt and pounded a fist onto the hard metal with a loud shout. “Open up! Can you hear me? I’m outside the door. Are you there, Trux? Open the door!” She back stepped from the door with a puzzled brow and a whisper for her eardrums only. “Lowell doesn’t seem to be here inside the bedroom unit. Why is he missing from here? He should be here. I am quite sure that the video camera recorded the action. So, why is Lowell not answering the door inside the bedroom unit? I don’t have my mobile telephone on me, either. If I did, then I could call him to come and answer the door. I don’t understand any of this,” she gasped in alarm and slowly back pedaled from the orange tinted door with a worried brow. “O! There must a funeral wake. Or the police are here already. Yeah, that's it. But I did not kill Trux. However, I didn’t help him and left him inside the flooded compartment of the busted swimming pool. I almost drowned and died too. But Trux is dead. Am I to blame for his death? Honestly, he's a strong male. I thought that he would have survived somehow. O no! That’s why I can’t leave the ninth floor. I gotta go and call my parents, right now,” she spun around and raced down the empty hallway, entering the carriage, slamming the 1st floor button and reached up, grabbing one of the U-shaped handholds.
The elevator doors slid closed with a loud hiss. Then, the elevator carriage violently jerked to the side with a halt and then smoothly descended down to through each floor. Gemma held onto the handhold with a worried brow and a heavy heart.
The elevator doors slid open with a soft hiss.

At 09:14 am, on the 1st floor level, the elevator carriage halted. The set of elevator doors slid open with a soft swish. Gemma stood inside the carriage and gasped in shock. The elevator landed down in a new part of the building. The interior room contained three glass windows and the wall with the two dancing elevators.
The front of the building faced south. The two dancing elevators held their backs to the southern direction. The glass walls displayed the parking lot on each side wall and the beautiful grassy park with pods of colorful flowers and groves of tall shade trees all on the eastern side of the building.
"Where am I? What is the place? What is going on here?" Gemma slowly moved out from the carriage floor in awe and viewed a nice shiny wooden floor without water stains and then curved the open archway and stopped, gasping in shock at the entrance wall of glass which was only ten feet from the new room.
In front of the building and through the glass covered doors, the other adult and teen archivists stood in the bright sunshine of a new morning on top of the parking lot gray pavement, pointing up with a smile into the skyline.
On top of the gray tinted parking lot pavement, seasoned archivist Patsie Mumford stood first in the row. She was a tall female with set of slender bones, a tone of pale tinted skin, and a head of black colored hair. Half of the hair roots on one side of her skull were cleanly shaved. The shaved skin exposed a pale colored scalp and one pierced earlobe which wore a single pearl earring. The other half of the hair roots covered the other earlobe and the other cheekbone. Her hair flowed down in straight black color even with the jaw line. Her hair hung and swayed side to side covering the other eyeball. She wore a cheongsam which was a long black dress with a high collar and a set of two side slits. The twin slits exposed a pair of naked and pale colored legs. This dress style was usually worn by a Chinese female. She displayed a pair of shiny green colored military boots that were tied at the ankles. A long pearl neckline rocked back and forth around the high collar neck and as Patsie held the jewelry while looking up with a smile at the building.
Betty Bickman liked to be referenced by her last name, Bickman. She was the second person in line. She possessed a tall and athletic body with a tone of dark tinted skin, a brown colored long ponytail, and a pair of brown colored eyes. She was dressed in a blue colored short sleeved shirt, a pair of faded blue jeans, and a pair of brown and blue colored leather cowgirl boots, wearing a big golden colored buckle on the belt and a pair of golden colored stud earrings in both earlobes.
Head archivist, petite Dickana Lee Walbash stood in next in line and possessed a tone of pale tinted skin, a bald skull, and a pair of hazel eyes, wearing a colorful checkered short sleeved shirt, a pair of tan colored walking shorts, and a pair of tan colored sandals. The pair of sandals displayed a set of unpolished toenails.
The fourth seasoned adult archivist was missing from the senior archive line. He had been average height and plump, possessing at tone of pink tinted skin, a buzz cut of bright red colored hair, and a pair of blue colored eyes. He had liked to dress in a beige colored sleeveless jumpsuit and a pair of red colored untied sneakers. Both his biceps had been inked in dull black colored tattoos. The jumpsuit had been decorated with numerous vertical pockets that covered his chest and his legs. Lou Levine of the Department of Research, Art, and Magic was absence from the morning staff meeting that was held outside in the blistering heat of summer.
The rest of the line displayed the new team of teen archivists consisting of seventeen-year-old teenagers Trux Gordon Chettle, Victoriana Glass, and Lowell Dodger.
On top of the clear floor without the rows of squat pylons, the steel wall, the swimming pool, and then enclosed booth of cashier chairs, Gemma felt completely confused, befuddled, and worried. She and Trux had destroyed the swimming pool arena on the first-floor level last night with a new flood of water. However, she didn’t see a police car or a pair of police officers that could be here to arrest Gemma for the building destruction.
She dashed ahead with a stern face and slammed open the glass door. The door opened into the heated day and the bright sunshine.

At 09:18 a.m., inside the building parking lot, Gemma dashed ahead with a stern face and then slowed down into a walking pace with a fake smile like a typical teenager, who didn’t care. She was going to lie about any type of destruction or damage to the first floor of the building, so she could continue to work at the Center and find the Thor disc. She stopped with a puzzled brow and stood in front of the row of archivists. Each archivist continued to stand in place in front of the building on top of the heated pavement and point up into the skyline. Gemma spun around with a gasp and a smile. “What is this?”
“I mentioned that each teen could sleep in the warm bed a little later this morning. I should have clarified. I was talking about coming into work at eight o’clock, which is the normal working hours for an American citizen. Now, it is closer to nine o’clock. And you have missed my slick lecture out here in the bright sunshine, Gemma.” Dickana exhaled with a puff of annoyance and frowned at the rear skull of Gemma. “So, I guess here, that I must explain again.”
Trux wore a pair of ripped and faded blue jeans, a white tee shirt, and a pair of cowboy boots and stood in place, shading both eyeballs, pointing up with a smile at the building. “There was a working crew here all day yesterday and last night of robotic bots. The robots plus the human workers have transformed the outside of the building into the shape of a pyramid.”
Lowell wore a pair of sunglasses, a pair of tan colored trousers, a green colored knit shirt, and a pair of tan colored loafers, standing between to Victoriana and Trux while pointing with a smile at the building. “This is fantastic, ya’ll. The entire exterior of the building has been reshaped and restructured into a perfect picture of a glass pyramid.”
Victoriana was dressed in a sleeveless mint green tinted silk designer dress with bowtie on the neckline and a pair of designer-spiked heeled sandals, continuing to stand in place and stared at the building with a smile. “It is so beautiful. The exterior is constructed completely of glass segments that make all the glass glitters in the sunlight like a diamond ring. The image is so pretty.”
Patsie continued to stand in place with a smile at the building. “Who designed this structure?”
“I did.” Dickana smiled.
Trux smiled at the building. “The rooftop is now a pointy capstone of solid glass.”
“It is.” Dickana smiled.
Bickman smiled at the building. “Each sloped edge of the glass extends beyond the square edge of the building which forms a pyramid model like the entire building is encased in glass.” 
Dickana nodded with a smile at the building. “It is.”
Gemma gasped with a smile. “I thought a pyramid represented a symbol of death within the ancient world of Egypt.”
Dickana grinned at the glass pyramid which compassed the old brick building. “It does.”
Patsie frowned at the new array of sparkling glass segments that covered the old brick building. “The modernist style of the glass edifice is inconsistent with the lovely historical southern city of Birmingham.”
Dickana grinned. “It is.”
Patsie frowned. “It is a pretentious reflection of sick mental stat of mind of Dickana.”
Dickana smiled. “It is.”
Victoriana smiled at the new glass pyramid that surrounded the red brick building. “The two contracting styles of architecture is a merger of the old and the new.”
Dickana grinned. “It does,” she clapped with a smile and moved ahead with a chuckle toward the set of glass doors. “The sightseeing tour has ended for the day. Everyone, get and go back inside the building. We have much to discuss about the event today. Today is the start of the annual Archive Ball.” The other archivists followed behind the back spine of Dickana in silence.
Victoriana moved ahead and pulled up beside Gemma. They slowly strolled behind the back spine on Trux and Lowell, moving ahead toward one of five sets of glass entrance doors.
Gemma leaned over with a stern face and a whisper into the pink tinted cheekbone of Victoriana. “What else did I miss this morning during my bath time?”
Victoriana smiled. “I couldn’t get the dancing elevator to move up to the tenth floor. When I pressed the button for the seventh floor, the elevator danced side to side going down all six floors at a rapid pace without stopping with a hidden speaker box of loud rock and roll music which bothered both my eardrums. My mind is still ringing from the high notes of the electric guitar. When I finally landed on the first floor, the doors opened up. And Dickana was there to greet me like I was a thief or something.”
Gemma gasped in alarm. “Why would you confess that statement, Victoriana? What are you a thief of?”
They entered back through the glass doors and moved ahead entering the new room of glass.
Victoriana walked with Gemma and exhaled with a puff of annoyance, smiling at the new room. “I like the new construction of the first-floor lobby. Do you like the new room, Gemma? I am not a thief of nothing. It was very strange that Dickana was there to greet and meet me at the carriage elevator, this morning. That’s all! She ordered me off the elevator and into the new…”
Gemma stopped a few feet into the room and recognized the familiar spot. “The water is all gone from the floor.”
Victoriana moved ahead with a puzzled brow. “What water? O yeah!”
She moved ahead and pulled up beside Victoriana with a confused brow. “The entrance gates, the row of individual short podiums, the knee-high colorful wooden arms, the single tank of 250,000 gallons of water which holds 5,000 different species of animals. The animals include a couple of sand tiger sharks, jellyfish, fish, seahorses, shrimp…”
“Yeah, the ugly aquarium of uglier sea animals is all gone with all the sea water. I don’t understand how the working bots did that, but they did, and it is all gone now.”
She turned and scanned the new room with a puzzled brow. “The wishing water for wishes is gone, too.”
Victoriana stopped and spun around in a completed circle with a gasp. “The wishing well is gone.”
She laughed with a nod. “I just said that.”
Victoriana gasped in alarm. “The wishing water was a circle of solid brick, one foot high. It held six inches of rippling water. In the middle of the circle, there was a single lead pipe, spitting curly waves of water three feet in the air.”
“Yes, I noticed that, also.”
She gasped with alarm. “You tossed a coin down into the wishing waters.”
Gemma rolled both of her eyeballs and then stared ahead at the new glass wall that showed the manicured lawn and new garden, padding further down into the room in silence.
Victoriana dashed ahead and moved beside Gemma with a worried brow. “Trux caught your coin. Then he tossed an arm into the air and flung that coin down into the wishing well. The coin splashed in the water. He caught your wish. What did you wish for, Gemma?”
They passed the robot Desktop that stood behind the rear row of flat hard-bottomed wooden chairs. The rolling robot possessed a square-shaped metal skull with a pair of two blue colored illuminated eye sockets. There was no a mouth or a nose. There were a set of two arms, two legs, and two feet. The robot did not talk and continued to shove a new chair at the end of the single row of four chairs.
Dickana moved ahead to the front of the new room with a smile and a hand wave and then stopped, spinning around, standing in front of the glass wall that displayed the green tinted manicured lawn and the lovely colorful flower garden, “Everyone, come up to the front row and sit down inside an uncomfortable wooden chair. I have much to explain this morning,” she slid sideways and stopped beside a row of red colored wagons. “You just saw it. The exterior of the building has been re-shaped with a set of individual glass segments which makes for a great big pretty proper pyramid. The building itself is the same, except for some major interior changes. The first change is the first floor. The first floor of the Birmingham Art and Science Center had been dramatically modified into a great big single auditorium room. It is all gone. The entrance gates, the row of individual short podiums, the knee-high colorful wooden arms, and the single tank of 250,000 gallons of water which holds 5,000 different species of animals which included sharks, jellyfish, fish, seahorses and shrimp, all of these items are gone. And the butterfly exhibition is gone too. Now, this is the new auditorium room. The new auditorium room is made of glass. The rest of the floor levels are made of metal, including the four walls, the floor, and the ceiling. The air temperature is very, very cold that flows out from an excellent air conditioning system, because of the heavy use of electronics. All electronics must maintain a certain amount of heat that requires the same or more concentration of cold to keep the mechanic circuits from overheating into a fire. There are many, many rows of hard metal chairs, without padding for a tender butthole.”
Trux and Lowell moved ahead, and sidestepped, sitting on the edge of the first row in silence, staring at Dickana.
Gemma stopped and slid sideways, sitting down inside a metal chair in the second row, staring at Dickana with a smile and a whisper to Victoriana. “I wished for long life of peace and love,” she felt excitement and happiness that she was not going to be arrest for murdering Trux and destroying the swimming pool among her other minor crimes as an employed junior archivist. You can't kill a live guy. And the swimming pool had been replaced with the new auditorium room.
Victoriana stopped and slid in the chair beside Gemma, leaning over into the cheekbone on Gemma, whispering with confusion. “Now, that wish has been transferred to Trux, instead of Gemma.”
In front of the room, Dickana smiled. “I can’t tattle much about the Archive Ball, since it is unfair to the other guests. But you can pose a question or two to me. Maybe, I might answer them.”
Lowell smiled. “Who are some of the other countries that will be attending the annual Archive Ball, Dickana?”
Dickana continued to stand with a smile in front of a red covered short wagon. “Every country in the world receives a set of five individual invitations for a set of four high schoolers, which includes an adult mentor or archive ambassador.”
Trux asked. “Do we host the annual Archive Ball here every year?”
Dickana said. “No. Each world country takes a turn. It was held in the foreign country of Italy last year. This year, USA was granted permission to host the event.” 
“Is there dancing and dining like a real ball?” Victoriana smiled.
Dickana said. “The Archive Ball is a fun and good-spirited competition first which is followed by a fun and good time dance and then a very nice dinner which is all rolled into one.”
Lowell frowned. “What does that mean, Dickana?”
Dickana smiled. “I will explain in more detail, since it is only fair to explain the Archive Ball, after all the guests have arrived and this is your first ball also.”
Patsie stood at forward glass wall, in front of a second red covered wagon beside Bickman, leaning over with a sour frown to see the nose profile of Dickana. “And will some of our guests include that nasty group of Swedes that have nicknamed themselves, the Rus?”
Dickana nodded with a smile to each teen. “Yes, every country is invited to attend the Archive Ball.”
Bickman turned and growled at the nose profile of Dickana. “I know that too. But the Rus tried to kill us here in the USA.”
Dickana chuckled at each teen. “I don’t think so.”
Bickman growled. “Why do you think that the Rus is here in America?”
Dickana whispered back to her senior staff and continued to smile at each teen. “They came here to attend the Archive Ball, like the others." She clapped and nodded to each teen. "Now, we have much work to do before the guests start arriving at one o’clock. The building is prepared and ready for the ball and all the guests. The rest of the chairs and exhibitions are being set up by Desktop right here inside the auditorium room before all the guests come. At 01:01 pm, all the guests will be arriving through the glass doors of the lobby and then moved straight inside here, waiting to start the ball. You are my welcoming party. You are also an American. You will scatter around the room and greet and meet all the different guests before I commence the beginning of the Archive Ball. There will be four high school archivist representatives that will participate in the Archive Ball. Each set of four teens will have one mentor from their native country, no more. All that is left is to dress for the Archive Ball. It’s your turn, Bickman.”
Bickman gently kicked the wheel of the wagon in front of her legs with a smile at each teen. “This is a rolling kiddie wagon with a set of four rubber tires. The short kiddie wagon is filled with a set of open cans. Inside each open can, there is liquid colored paint slime.”
Trux clapped with a smile. “I like.”
Lowell frowned, “Really! Is that really cases of slime liquid for whom?”
Gemma frowned. “Why is it always slime balls or snot balls?”
Victoriana smiled. “Is that good or bad?’”
Lowell whined. “Are we really going to slime each other at the Archive Ball?”
“No. We do not toss a can of colored slime at a person, a place, or a piece of property like a little kid.” Bickman smiled. “This is specially designed slime,” she leaned down and grabbed the open can, pouring the contents on top of her black colored tee shirt with a smile. The red colored slime stuck onto the tee shirt and then slowly dripped down over both her legs inside the ratty pair of faded blue jeans. Then, the red colored slimed transformed into a breast plate of red armor that covered the chest of Bickman. She gently lowered the open can back down inside the wagon and stood upright, slamming a pair of folded fists onto the red colored slime designed breast plate with a laugh and a grin.
Trux stood upright from the chair with a gasp. “It dried and formed a piece of armor over your body, Bickman.”
Lowell stood upright from the chair with a smile. “How is that possible for a can of liquid slime to imprint into a hard object of design onto your chest, Bickman?”
Gemma continued to stand and stared at red colored breast plate on Bickman with a smile. “What is that stuff?”
Bickman pressed both of her open palms over the red colored breast plate and said with a smile to each teen. “It is called smart slime. This is a special mixture that the USA military rejected for numerous failures. It immediately hardens and breathes in the air and can adhere only onto a piece of clothing, not a human body part. The USA military wanted it to cling to the human naked body, which can't or didn’t or doesn't happen for some weird reason. So, we received all the experimental cans for some fun. Each short kiddie red tinted wagon has the same number of cans and the basic prime colors for each one of our teen archivists.”
Patsie leaned down and grabbed, lifting an open can of slime, spreading the purple slime over the front of her dress with a smile. “The reason for the smart designation is that the slime reads all of your mental thoughts and then transforms into any design that you want to display within your mind. Then it appears on your body,” she displayed a cooking apron with a set of pockets and lowered the can back down into the wagon bed. “I am wearing a cooking apron in dried purple tinted slime. My mind envisioned a set of pockets. But my pockets are empty. The slime cannot create for me a wooden spoon or a steak knife to place inside each one of the slime-designed pockets, because the slime only touched my dress. That is the other flaw in which the USA military found with this batch of slime paint. However, we can have some fun at our Archive Ball. Inside each wagon, there is a complete body suit that covers the top of the hair roots down to the finger nails and further down to the toe nails. Now, if you want to add a pair of shoes to your new slime-designed costume, then you must wear a pair of socks or cut off pieces of the body suit. This is the reason for the provided solid light blue tinted body suit, so you do not ruin your personal wardrobe attire. You will find out very soon as you design your personal slime costume if the dried slime covers the needed fabric,” she lifted up and covered the hair roots with the hat, leaning down and lifted up the paint can, gently pouring the yellow paint over her hair roots. The yellow slime paint formed into a head of long blonde hair like magic.
Victoriana clapped with a smile. “That’s cool looking, Patsie! So, as long as, there is hard piece of fabric over any particular body part, then the colorful liquid slime paint will dry and form a head of long hair or a hat or a pair of shoes or a pair of long lady gloves or whatever.”
“You are correct, Victoriana.” Bickman nodded with a smile. “And all the slime paint can be mixed together to create a new hue of color. The key is to wear a piece of clothing over any body part but your face and your ears. I would not recommend placing a piece of fabric over the eyeballs, the nose or the mouth. The slime paint will dry and then you will die.’
“No prob!” Trux nodded with a stern face.”
“Understood!” Lowell nodded with a stern face.
Victoriana smiled. “What are you going to make as your slime-designed costume, Patsie?”
Dickana exhaled. “The mentors are not allowed to participate in the Archive Ball.”
Gemma frowned, “Why not?”
Lowell frowned. “I don’t understand.”
Bickman nodded. “You can tattle to them the single purpose of the Archive Ball besides the dancing and food and competition, Dickana.”
Dickana nodded with a laugh to each teen. “All right! Bickman has threatened me again." 
“What?” Bickman growled.
Dickana laughed to each teen. “The single purpose of the Archive Ball is an artifact hunt and identification that tests the academic knowledge of each young teenage archivist which makes it a competition among all the teens. I mentioned before that an invitation has gone out to each country to attend the annual Archive Ball. To accept the invitation, each country must bring an original artifact coming from their past or current history of the nation. Then, the original artifact is included within the archive treasures.”
Lowell smiled. “What are some examples of past archive treasures from a set of previous Archive Balls?”
Bickman laughed. “Lowell is too smartie with his smart neurons.”
Dickana frowned with a nod. “Yes, Lowell is too smart for his own good. Last year, one example of the past archive treasures was a golden bracelet that came from a princess within the New Kingdom of Ancient Egypt.”
Dickana smiled. “The teen archivist was allowed to keep find and hunted down artifact. That is very, very valuable. The Archive Ball deals with a set of real, not fake artifacts. Yes, each artifact is really real and not fake. And the successful archivist will be allowed to keep the artifact. Usually, the teen archivist works within a team of four other teens and snatches the original artifact, before all the other teams. Then, the original artifact is donated back to the native country in return for nice exchange of monies.”
Lowell clapped with a smile. “I love it.
Trux clapped with a grin. “I like it.”
Dickana nodded with a smile. “That is really all that I can say at the moment. I will go into further explanation when all the guests are here inside the auditorium at one o’clock.”
Lowell smiled. “How many artifacts are located throughout this building today?”   
“I will not say at the moment.” Dickana said. 
Victoriana frowned. “You didn’t answer my question. Why can’t Patsie dress up in a slime-design costume too for the annual Archive Ball?”
Dickana nodded. “The annual Archive Ball is a fun competition among all the young and inexperienced teenage archivists, who are coming from all over the globe. If one of the seasoned mentors were to participate in the Archive Ball, that person could easily hunt down and identify each historical artifact and then win the competition. Thus, all the mentors did not dress in a slime-designed costume and are not allowed to participate in the hunt, since that would be both cheating the system and spoiling all the fun. Are there anymore questions?” Each teen shook a skull in silence. Dickana nodded with a grin. “Excellent! Come up here and get a wagon to decorate your body for fun and competition.” Each teen stood upright and scooted around the chairs, standing in front of a wagon.
Trux was the first teen from his chair and moved ahead to the front of room, squatting down reaching out and rattled the kiddie wagon of black tint with a set of open slime paint cans. He said with a worried brow, “Uh! I don’t mean to be a troublemaker here. But this little kiddie wagon is going to roll side to side as the dancing elevator jolts to the side and then goes up to the eighth floor. It will go down making a mess over us and the floor.”
Gemma looked down with a puzzled brow at the wagon and examined each paint can. “Does the elevator go back up to the ninth floor?”
Dickana nodded. “Yes, I meant to explain about the dancing elevator. The elevator has been slightly modified. It will only travel up the eighth floor for a male or the ninth floor for the female. The guests of the Archive Ball usually sleep through the evening here at the Center, since the event lasts all afternoon and all night long until midnight. Then, the next morning, all the guests eventually leave with their accumulated treasure or nothing at all and then go back home. So, the dancing elevator is programmed right now only go up the eighth and ninth floor and come back down to the ground floor. Right before all the guests arrive at one o’clock, I will modify the dancing elevator for the competition.”
Lowell frowned. “We still have the problem of a rolling wagon going side to side inside the dancing elevator.”
Dickana jabbed a finger and a grin at each teen. “You and the other three junior archivists have a problem, Lowell. You are a team of teen archivists. I would suggest working together as a smart team to figure out how to resolve that problem. Or all the slime paint cans will spill out. Then you will not have a looking slime-designed costume. This is the point of working a summertime job to figure real problems in life. You are all dismissed now. But you are required to return here ten minutes before one o’clock. Let me warn you right here! I am modifying the dancing elevator a few minutes before one o’clock, so no one can ride the carriage and lift higher than the second floor of the building. If you are not down here before one pm, then you will be stuck inside your bedroom all night long, since the dancing elevator will not rise above the second floor. Good luck!” She back stepped from the wagon and side stepped away from the teens, slowly moving ahead, scooting around the pod of chairs with a stern face, leaving the new auditorium room in silence.
Victoriana spun around with a confused brow to see the rear bald skull on Dickana and parked both hands on the hips. “What is her probe? We are trying to learn and do a good job as a new summertime archivist.” 
Lowell spun around with a stern face to see the back spine of Dickana. “Where is she going? I thought we were supposed to be dressing up for the Archive Ball.”
“Dickana has a work office that is located here on the ground floor.” Patsie viewed with a stern face at the back spine of Dickana.
Bickman continued to stare at the back spine of Dickana with a sour frown. “She is the new hostess of the Archive Ball. It is a very important job with a set of high intense pressure among her peers of seasoned archivists. She wants everything to flow smoothly which has not been the case lately. There have been some major issues with a few of the exhibitions over the past two days. The Dino exhibition went crazy and exploded out with a massive array of electronic parts and pieces on the first day of your employment. I can’t explain it. Then, the Bubble Room drowned and flooded three floors going all the down into the lobby on the same night. And finally, last night, the concrete of swimming pool bust out from its damn walls and flooded the first floor lobby for a second time.”
“Too bad!” Gemma smiled down at the wagon of slime paint.
“It wasn’t a dam,” Lowell laughed down at the wagon with the cans of slime paint.
Victoriana spun around and looked down with a stern face at wagon of paint. “Where is Levine? I haven’t seen his colorful tattoos.”
“He is away from the building.” Bickman looked down with a stern face at the wagon with the cans of slime paint.
Victoriana frowned. “He is going to miss the Archive Ball.”
Patsie looked down with a stern face at the wagon of slime paint. “Yes, he will miss the Archive Ball.”
Lowell smiled at Bickman. “Can you tell us more about the Archive Ball, Bickman?”
Bickman smiled with a nod. “The food is good.”
Victoriana smiled at Patsie. “Can you tell us more about the Archive Ball, Patsie?”
Patsie stood in place and watched each teen. She had instructions from Dickana to try and figure out which teen archivist was the true villainous of the teen villains. “Yes, I can. There is a slime-design costume at midnight with a wonderful prize.”
Lowell nodded with a smile. “What is the prize?”
“It is a wonderful priceless artifact.” Patsie smiled.
Bickman laughed. “Then the Archive Ball ends at midnight, like the fairy tale.” 
Trux rattled the wagon for a second time with a worried brow. “We still have the issue of transporting a wagon of open cans of paint inside the dancing elevator. I would guess if the slime all spilled out from each can, then it would not adhere to the floor, since the floor is not flesh and bone and blood. What would happen to the spilled slime paint then?”
“You are very observant, Trux.” Bickman smiled. “It would dissolve and then float into numerous piles of tiny paint fragments within the air waves.”
Lowell nodded with a smile. “Okay. So, a little bit of the slime paint will spill out and over each paint can and then dissolve in the air. That’s okay with me.”
Trux frowned. “More than a little paint will spill out of each patient can. I would guess that an amount of several gallons of paint from every can will spill out and over the lip of each open can.”
Gemma nodded with a smile. “This is too easy. We all get dressed down here for the Archive Ball.”
Patsie smiled with a nod. “That is a brilliant idea, Gemma.”
Victoriana frowned. “I don’t wanna do that. I wanna go back up to my suite and dress. It's only nine-thirty in the morning. We have hours, before we meet the guests. I wanna look pretty.”
Lowell growled. “This is competition, not a beauty contest, Victoriana. A pretty presentation does not count here, only the highest number of collected artifacts. I can collect an artifact in my underwear.”
Bickman laughed. “Please do not do that, Lowell. I would be embarrassed for me and you.”
“It is a good analog.” Lowell frowned.
Bickman frowned. “I would like to mention that the dancing elevator is an enclosed piece of metal, without a window or an exit door.”
Victoriana frowned. “What does that mean?”
Trux nodded. “The dancing elevator is a room that is not ventilated. A set of paint fumes without a set of proper breathing equipment is not good for your healthy lungs. This stuff is specially mixed and altered to adhere to stuff. So, the slime paint is not good for your healthy lungs either.”
Bickman nodded with a grin. “Trux is smart.”
Gemma spun around with a sour frown and moved ahead to the work cart of Desktop. Desktop was polishing each hard chair and then arranged the chairs in group of fives. She stopped and stood in front of the work cart, reaching out and grabbed the object, spinning around with a grin. “Here! We can cover each lid with a paper towel to keep the slime from spilling out and the lip of the can.”
Lowell exhaled. “The paper towel is like a piece of fabric. Then the paint will absorb into the towel and then dry inside the can. Each can of slime paint will be useless for a proper archivist costume.”
Victoriana pouted, “O yeah!”
“Where is the proper lid for each can of slime paint?” Trux frowned.
“Dickana removed all the lids after she stacked them down into the bed of each wagon.” Patsie frowned.
“Why is Dr. Walbash acting mean towards us? We didn’t do anything wrong. We are a group of simple high school students who are willing to learn and work in a safe environment.” Trux frowned.
Patsie exhaled. “She isn’t being mean."
Victoriana frowned. “Dickana is being difficult. She switched the search from the Ring of Solomon to a box of golden nuggets from the Confederation, without finding either artifact. Then, we have encountered the nasty group of the teen, which are called the Rus, on three different occasions. Now, the Rus is coming here to Birmingham, where I am and live and work and play.”
Trux laughed. “They are coming here to our turf. Don’t sweat ant hills! This is our place and our property here in America. I’m not afraid of the Rus. Let them come and get it!”
Bickman nodded with a smile. “I agree with Trux. I'm not worried either. This is a friendly competition among all the invited teen archivists. I was at the last Archive Ball, in the country of Italy. It was fun. No one get a broken bone or a bloody nose. Everyone stayed cool and calm and collected!”
Lowell frowned. “What about our current problem? The exposed slime paint cans and the fumes inside the dancing elevator.”
Gemma smiled. “We carry only one can of slime paint.”
“No, I wanna decorate a pretty slime-designed costume.” Victoriana frowned.
“So, we need a cover over each paint can to keep the slime paint from spilling into the air waves and killing us.” Lowell nodded with a stern face. “This is looking overly dangerous for each one of us. Maybe, we should by-pass the slime-designed costume and find, collecting numerous artifacts. Dickana mentioned that each artifact is worth money. I am very interested in money, honey,” laughing.
Bickman nodded with a stern face. “I like that plan, Lowell. But, to attend the Archive Ball, each teen archivist must wear a slime-designed costume of your choosing. Or you cannot participate in the hunt for the true and real artifacts.”
Victoriana exhaled with a puff of disappointment. “We're back to square one, without a solution. I don’t wanna miss the grand ball party, ya’ll.”
Trux spun around from the other teens and the wagons with a smile and moved ahead toward the same work cart, stopping and reached out, grabbing one of the wooden chairs. He back stepped from the work cart and then stopped lifting the chair above his hair roots, slamming down the chair on top the hard floor with a loud crash. The chair broke into numerous pieces while the solid seat of wood was intact.
Gemma spun around with a gasp to see the broken pieces of wood. “You broke the chair, Trux. Why did you break the chair, Trux?”
Trux stood upright with the broken portion of the seat from the broken chair and moved ahead with a smile. “I hear and I obey, mama. We create a cover that goes on top of the wagon bed. This is wooden seat. The slime paint only affects human skin, not wood. We place two seat portions from a broken chair over the top of each wagon,” he stopped and squatted down, leaning down and wiggled the broken seat in-between the edges of the wagon with a smile, “Lookie! It is a perfect fit. This is going to work beautifully, ya’ll. The wooden seat will over the entire wagon surface. Then, a very amount of the slime paint will spill out and over onto the bed of the wagon during the rough ride up the dancing elevator to each respective sleeping unit floor level. I am guessing here, but I can’t use the spilled paint inside the wagon. When the cover is removed, any spilled paint will escape up from the bottom of the wagon and then evaporate into the air waves of your room. So, we should remove each cover inside the hallway for safety, of course.
Patsie clapped with a smile. “You are brilliant, Trux. That is an excellent idea.”
Lowell frowned. “I thought of that too.”
Bickman frowned. “You should have said something of your brilliant idea then. You should learn that an idea is meant to be shared and experienced with others. Else, an idea that is selfishly kept within the mind will be used for a bad intent.”
Lowell growled. “What does that mean?”
Trux stood upright from the floor with a smile and a nod to each teen. “It means that Dickana told us to come up with a working solution. I don’t see any other choice but to build a cover from each wooden chair, since there are not any other working materials inside this yellow tinted metal coated room. Let’s go to work! We need to finish and ride up the elevator and get dressed for our first ever Archive Ball. I am very excited and happy to attend,” he back stepped from the wagon and twirled around, moving ahead toward the work cart that contained numerous stacked up wooden chairs. “I will break each chair and then you rob the seat and secure over the top of the wagon. Then, we will tackle the dancing elevator.”
Lowell frowned down at the open wagon. “It is still dangerous to ride with a wagon that is filled with deadly fumes of slime paint.”
Trux stopped and stood in front of the work cart, reaching out and grabbed another chair. “I have an idea about that too. Work quickly! We need to get getting and work on our slime-designed costume.”
Victoriana swung around with a smile and moved ahead toward Trux and the stationary work cart. “What is your costume going to look like, Trux?”
He back stepped from the work cart and lifted the chair above the hair roots, slamming it down onto the floor with a loud grunt from his lips and a loud crash onto the hard surface. The chair broke into numerous pieces like the previous one. “I don’t know yet.”
Bickman side stepped from the stationary row of four wagons and moved ahead with a smile toward the short square shaped archway. “Well, I can see that the team of teen archivists is working together for the common good. My job is done for the morning. I’m leaving the auditorium room to get ready for the Archive Ball also. Good luck, teen archivists!”
“Me, too! Good luck, teens!” Patsie side stepped from the stationary row of wagons and moved ahead from the working teens, pulling up beside Bickman in silence.
“Bye, Bickman and Patsie!” Victoriana squatted down and grabbed it, standing up with the next broken seat from the busted chair by Trux.
“Later, gator!” Trux leaned over and tossed the broken chair into the wall, spinning around and moved back to the work cart, stopping and grabbed a new wooden chair at the work cart to break another seat.
Lowell stood upright in front of the wagon with a sour frown of too much work. “See you at one o’clock, Bickman and Patsie!”
Gemma spun around with a smile and moved ahead toward the work cart with Trux and the wooden chairs. “Good bye, Bickman and Patsie!”

Three hours and fifteen minutes later, at 12:45 pm, on the 9th floor level, Gemma exited through the open archway of the shared bedroom with a smile and a yell inside the hallway. “Get out and moving forward, Victoriana! I am not going to be late. It is twelve o’clock and forty-five minutes after the hour which is precisely fifteen more minutes before one o’clock,” she wore an oval shaped outfit in the color of dull pink which was covered in a series of intricate curly patterns of various colors from dark blue, red, green, orange, light blue, light green, purple, lavender, yellow and other colors. On top of the black colored hair roots, there was a tiny oval shaped hat that barely covered the middle of her skull in the same dull pink color that matched the body oval shape with a tiny series of curly designs with the exact same varied color scheme. She wore a pair of high heeled soft pink sandals that showed off a pair of naked legs. Both her naked arms dropped down from the oval shaped outfit without a set of jewelry or a smear of slime painted colors or shape. She stopped and stood in front of the elevator door with a sour frown and a yell. “Hurry up, Victoriana! Or I will leave you up here on the ninth floor. The elevator doors are closed. That means both of the boys are downstairs or they are about to go downstairs.”
Victoriana emerged from the open archway of the shared bedroom with a smile and slowly strolled down the long hallway in a blue colored long ankle-length gown that was attached with a one-foot dress train. The blue tinted slime-designed ankle-length gown slowly floated over the naked hard surface. On top of her hair roots, there was a white tinted three-point tiara with a set of false shiny diamonds. Her hair was colored in red hue that flipped up the ends on top of each collar bone. She held a white colored torch in one hand. The other hand held a stone table in white also. She stopped and stood next to Gemma with a grin and a giggle. “Look at me!”
Gemma turned with a gasp. “What is that?”
She smiled and then frowned. “I am. You can guess.”
“You are slime painted in red, white, and blue. O. You are a mixed-up American flag. That…that is a great disguise in slime paint.”
She frowned. “No, I am not an American flag. This is not a disguise either. Guess again?”
The elevator doors slid open. Both girls entered inside the carriage and stopped, standing below one of the U-shaped, hanging hand held. The elevator jolted to the left as each teen swayed side to side and held onto the U-shaped handheld with both hands. Then, the elevator carriage slowed descended down to the eighth floor without stopping.
Inside the carriage, Victoriana turned with a gasp to the slime-designed outfit of Gemma, “What! What are wearing, my pair of sandals?”
Gemma looked down with a smile and clicked both the sandals together with a giggle. “Yeah, I am. Your pair of high heeled sandals and my naked feet both are the perfect match along with the dull hue of pink hue which matched my slime design costume.”
She looked up and down at the slime-designed costume with a sour frown. “What are you, Gemma?”
The elevator jolted to the left as each teen swayed side to side and held onto the U-shaped handheld with both hands. Then, the elevator carriage slowed descended down to the seventh floor without stopping.
Inside the carriage, Gemma smiled at Victoriana. “I am an egghead. My body is the shape of the chicken egg shell. On top of my head is the broken part of the egg where the baby’s head emerges, but it is my head instead.”
She frowned. “It looks dumb.”
Gemma giggled with a nod. “I look cute. You are wearing a monstrosity dress of vivid colors. What are you really?”
The elevator jolted to the left as each teen swayed side to side and held onto the U-shaped handheld with both hands. Then, the elevator carriage slowed descended to the sixth floor without stopping.
Inside the carriage, Victoriana smiled. “I am the Statue of Liberty.”
She laughed with a grin. “O! I see it now in a cartoonish type shape. You are going to burn up in that slime costume.”
The elevator jolted to the left as each teen swayed side to side and held onto the U-shaped handheld with both hands. Then, the elevator carriage slowed descended to the fifth floor without stopping.
Inside the carriage, Victoriana frowned, “Nonsense! The air conditioning is working overtime. Our shared bedroom was cold. The hallway is colder. The inner guts of the elevator are freezing my bones through the slimy and dried-on slime colored paint also. Why is everything so cold in here?”
Gemma exhaled. “In anticipation of hundreds and hundreds of new teens that are coming from all over the world and invading the city of Birmingham, actually I did not expect this much work as a summertime teen archivist.”
“Are you nervous about meeting and greeting the Rus again? I am.”
The elevator jolted to the left as each teen swayed side to side and held onto the U-shaped handheld with both hands. Then, the elevator carriage slowed descended to the fourth floor without stopping.
Inside the carriage, Gemma nodded with a stern face. “Well, sorta, yeah! But Trux is a good fighter and has protected both of us from the attacks of the Rus. I don’t think that Lowell can fight with a pair of soft hands.”
She frowned. “How do you know that his hands are soft?”
The elevator jolted to the left as each teen swayed side to side and held onto the U-shaped handheld with both hands. Then, the elevator carriage slowed descended to the third floor without stopping.

At 12:51 pm, on the 1st floor level, the right side of the wall, inside one of the dancing elevators, the carriage stopped. Then, the door slid open with a soft hiss.
Gemma gasped with alarm at the petite body, “Dr. Walbash, hello! You are here.”
Dickana growled at both female archivists. “You are finally here, too. Get out of the elevator now! I need to reprogram the dancing elevator for the archive hunt immediately.”
“Yes ma’am,” Victoriana slowly strolled ahead with a fake smile in her slime costume and entered the lobby space, feeling a deeply insult from the current nasty attitude of her work supervisor Dickana. Victoriana had decided right after the Archive Ball ended, which would be fun for the night, to quit and then leave the summertime internship for the rest of the summertime. Victoriana didn’t need a summertime job for the money and had decided to fly on an airplane and visit with her biological parents at the ski lodge in the country of Canada, during the summer vacation.
Gemma moved ahead with a fake smile and turned the wall corner, strolling underneath the short archway and into the new auditorium space with a smile. She stopped and stood in front of Trux and Lowell, reaching out and touched, tickling the naked chest of Trux with a wink and a smile. “What are you dressed as, Trux?”
Trux back stepped with a chuckle from touch of her soft fingers and bent both kneecaps, lifting up, faked a punch with a pair of oversized boxing gloves in the color of bright red at the chest of Gemma with a laugh. “I am an American boxer,” he pretended to slap her face and then her chest again with a smile, wearing a pair of red colored boxing shorts that came even with the kneecaps, a naked chest of dark skin with muscles, a pair of red colored boxing shoes, and a pair of oversized boxing gloves that looked to be the large size of bathroom trashcan over both hands.
Victoriana reached out and tapped with the white torch that was slime-glued on her hand onto his chest with a growl. “You make a fine species of a boxer, Trux. What are you supposed to be, Lowell?” She reached over and shifted the torch into the chest of Lowell.
Lowell was dressed in yellow colored long jacket, a pair of green tinted long trousers, a top hat in the color of purple, and a trimmed beard of black tint. He smiled with a nod. “I am President Abraham Lincoln.”
Victoriana nodded with a smile. “That is a pretty good slime-designed costume, Lowell!”
Dickana had reprogrammed both dancing elevator carriages to lift only up and stop at the second floor where the archive hunt would start. She moved ahead inside the auditorium space and stopped underneath the archway with a stern face to see the teens and her staff. “Listen up! The guests will be here in a few more minutes. There are a few new rules that I will repeat to all the guests also, but you need to know right now. You are not to use your given name for any reason. You will use a make-up pseudo name. For example, I am Dickana live here on a daily basis at the Center. For the Archive Ball, I am Miss USA. Why? I can read your mind. One, this is a competitive event. Two, people get butt-hurt when you can’t remember their given name. Three, a name is not important for the moment. Four, you are a team of teen archivists with the primary goal to find as many artifacts as possible during the hunt, not to social. Now, you know. Make up a pseudo name which is related to your costume! For example, Victoriana is showing a bad image of the Statue of Liberty that lives in New York City. So, she will be called the Statue of Liberty or Miss Liberty. Do you understand? Good. You are the American hosts and hostesses of the annual Archive Ball. Your first duty is to greet and meet as many of the guests as possible. Your first duty will be short and sweet. I promise. All the other teens and their associated mentors are very eager to begin the annual Archive Ball within the hour. Once everyone is sitting down inside the auditorium room, I will announce and share all the new rules with every teen. Then, the competition will start immediately, without delay or a gun shot,” she spun around with a smile to see the advancing mass of upright bodies which consisted of teens and mentors. “Here, they come! Go and stand near the wall and watch your competition for the archive hunt. Good luck, teens!”
Trux back stepped from the archway and stopped, standing in the far wall corner with a smile, feeling excitement about meeting a set of other teens that came from around the world. He felt lucky to have been picked as a summer intern for the U.S. Federal Government Department of Archive, Art, and Magic. He watched the mass of people. An assortment of different slime-designed costumes slowly or swiftly entered the auditorium space.
Lowell had moved backward and stood in a separate wall corner and away from his team mates with a sour frown. He didn’t want to meet and greet any of the other competitors while desiring to start the archive hunt immediately and then win the archive race with all the new treasures. He had heard the delicious rumor about the archive hunt and all the valuable treasures which could be acquired and then exchanged for money. The rumor had prompted him to interview as a summer intern while tolerating the nasty attitude of Dickana Walbash which also had been forewarned as well. He didn’t move and stared at the mass entrance of individual teens that looked ridicule in a colorful slime-designed costume.
Victoriana back stepped with a giggle and stood against the cool metal yellow tinted wall that didn’t disappear with a single set of art works or a viewing window while watching all the new teenagers with a smile.
Gemma slowly back stepped with a sour frown and stood on the same side wall and away from Victoriana, watching each teen, feeling panic. She wanted to start the Archive Ball and find the true disc of Thor's Hammer, before any other teen.  
Inside the lobby space, the entrance wall had been designed in solid glass with a set of five separate doors. The doors were opened for entrance. In front of the glass doors, Dickana stood in the middle of the short square-shaped archway on the same wall with the two dancing elevators on the end. A mass of teens in a slime-designed costume invaded the lobby space with a set of smiles and shouts. Dickana lifted and held both palms in the air while hand slapping or fist bumping with the advancing teen or mentors with a smile of her announcement. “Welcome to the Archive Ball! Enter inside and wait for instructions. Welcome to the Archive Ball. Enter inside and wait for instructions…”
The auditorium room quickly filled with a set of warm bodies that stood in place or strolled around with chuckles and laughs, socializing with each other.
On the side wall of glowing yellow metal which was opposite of Gemma and Victoriana, Trux slowly side stepped and stopped, standing next to Lowell with a smile at each slime-decorated teen. “This is a great event. I didn’t know that the Birmingham Art and Science held balls and dances. I am impressed with some of the original slime painted costumes. What do you think?”
Lowell laughed. “Have you noticed that all the pretty girls are wearing a pretty slime-painted sexy dress and a pretty natural looking face? And all the ugly girls are completed disguised in both face and body as a native mammal or a native symbol from their native country.”
Trux laughed. “Naw! I didn’t notice that, at first, until you mentioned it. Let’s go and meet some of the pretty girls that come from a different country. Can you speak in the Spanish language?”
“Now, I am impressed with that pretty cute suggestion. The language of love and kisses is universal, Trux.”
He laughed. “Yeah, it is. I don’t think that we have time to meet and greet all of them, but I hope to love and kiss on one or two later. But I do wanna start the quartet of trees. What is their storyline and their internal motive with a design of a great big tree?” Trux slowly moved ahead and scooted through the gathering crowd of teens and topped, standing in front of a quartet of four individual slime-created trees, saying with a smile, “Hey there! I am an American boxer,” he lifted up and punched the pair of oversized boxing gloves into the air without hitting any object, dropping both arms down onto the naked legs with a chuckle. “I like your slime painted costume. What are you?”
Lowell moved ahead from the wall and scooted around the crowd of teens also, stopping and stood beside Trux, staring with a smile at the quartet of trees. “Why is each one of you dressed in a big overbearing laborious tree?”
Each slime-painted black-tinted, tall tree covered the entire body of a short female that showed only a natural-looking dark-skinned face. The rest of the costume covered the rest of the female body that was hidden inside a thick black tinted tree trunk with a different head of leaves. The first teen with the slime-painted tree with a thick black tinted tree trunk and a head of drooping black tinted tree branches said with a set of English works and a sad face. “We are the archivist team from the country of Ecuador. We represent the dying rainforests, where each oil company, each mining company, and each cattle farm burns, rapes, and destroys the trees and all the lives of wild animals and natural insects. I am the burnt down tree that is slowly dying with pain and suffering.”
Lowell laughed with a nod. “Yeah, your slime-painted appearance makes me suffer with you and your home country, too.”
The second female in the line of four trees wore a tall and high slime-painted tree with a thick black tinted tree trunk and a head of bright red fire said with a sneering face. “I am the recent tree that has been caught on fire by the oil company, where a new steel and chrome oil structure will be built.”
Trux frowned. “I am so sorry. That is a very good impression of a dying and a burning tree.”
The third female in the line of four trees wore a short slime-painted tree with a thick black tinted tree trunk and as her entire skull was colored in black tint said with a set of English works and a sad face. “I am the leftover tree trunk stump where the healthy tall overstory green leaf tree was chopped down to the ground, so the cattle farmer can use my bark for all the cows to spit and shit on my decaying tree bark without a care or concern.”
Lowell laughed with a nod. “I feel your blackness and darkness and concern too.”
The fourth female in the line of four trees wore a tall slime-painted tree with a thick black tinted tree trunk and a head of three thin black tinted tree branches with a sad face. “I am the dried-out tree where the dam cut off and block all the natural river water that usually feeds the forest and the mammals.”
Lowell laughed with a nod. “You would have gotten the grand place in today’s midnight slime-painted costume contest, if you have added a dead raccoon or a dead bird or a dead albatross on one or two of the dead tree branches.”
The fourth teen from the country of Ecuador sneered at Lowell. “What does that mean, American boy?”
Trux gasped in shock and smiled at the invited guest from the country of Ecuador. “Nothing, man! Nice to meet all of you! Bye! Good luck, four archivist teens from the country of Ecuador!” He sidestepped and slammed his tallness into the rib cage on shorter Lowell, wearing with a fake smile, shoving both of them away from the quartet of trees and moving toward another group of teens with a sneer into the cheekbone of Lowell. “Be nice, man! Don’t insult the teens, Lowell!”
Lowell smiled, “Why not! They looked stupid and acted dumb. A dying tree has a purpose on the planet as it houses an individual eagle nest and hides the babies protecting them from all other live mammals from a bigger predator. Death is part of life. They need to understand that concept as a young teen now.”
On the opposite glass wall, Victoriana observed each teen with a smile.
Gemma slowly side stepped against the wall and stopped, standing beside the nose profile on Victoriana, staring at the crowded room. “I didn’t see Bickman and Patsie and Levine among the mentors. Where are Bickman and Patsie?”
“We didn’t need or require an adult chaperone, like an elementary school child, Gemma. You heard Dickana. Only one mentor is allowed with the group of four teens that come from each country. They are hiding out or at their personal home or watching us behind the scenes.”
Gemma gasped and stared at each teen. “Why are they behind the scenes? Why are they behind the walls?”
She smiled at each teen. “I meant to say that Bickman and Patsie are not here with us inside the auditorium room. Have you noticed that each male teen has taken the opportunity to wear a naked chest of muscular skin tone over a pair of slime-painted trousers? I can’t figure out which male teen I wanna paw first. There are too many cute ones to choose from. Let’s move ahead and meet and greet the males only. I can see that Lowell and Trux are entertaining only the females,” she moved ahead from the wall with a smile and slowly strolled in the blue tinted slime-designed long dress toward the cute and semi-naked pharaoh with a smile and a wink, stopping and stood inside the tight huddle. “Hello! I am the hostess with the mostess tonight. Welcome to my home America. My name is Miss Liberty.” The cute and semi-naked pharaoh wore a set of shoulder length black colored hair and a goatee, a tone of dark tinted skin, and a pair of sandals and turned with a smile and a wink to see at Victoriana in silence.
Gemma leaned over with a smirk and a whisper into the cheekbone of Victoriana. “I think the pharaoh has a girlfriend.”
The first teen in the line of four wore a golden tinted cobra snake head with a set of red colored eyeballs with a solid body suit that was covered matching slime-painted golden hue and sneered at Victoriana. “We come from the country of Egyptain, nasty American girl. This is my pharaoh.” The semi-naked teen male winked at Victoriana and then Gemma with a smile in silence.
Gemma whispered into the suntanned cheekbone on Victoriana with a giggle. “Told ya!” She stood upright with a smirk and turned to face the two other teens with a puzzled brow. “What are you dressed as? I can’t for the life of me figure out the symbolism that represents the country of Egypt.”
“And you smell with the odor of dead fish,” Victoriana frowned.
The male teen wore a costume that compassed his entire body and was comprised of colorful trash items, such as, numerous ripped and torn paper cups, glass bottles, sliver and bronze tinted metal pieces, and many pieces of blue and silver dead ocean fish on top of a solid green background. “I am Mr. Nike River. The true Nile River is a dumping ground for everything and anything. I am here to show the other teens what the old generation has made which means that the new generation inherits and then cleans up.”
Gemma laughed with a nod. “You are at an archive ball, not a United Nations conference, bubba.”
Victoriana frowned. “Why do you smell to my nostrils, Mr. Nile River?”
The last female in the row turned and sneered at Victoriana. “I am Miss Dead Fish that smells to your nostrils,” the teen wore a brown tinted fish head with a brown tinted color on top of the body suit. “I fart to keep up the smelly odor of a dead fish.”
“All righty that smelly fact, folks! Welcome to the Archive Ball!” Victoriana shoved Gemma with a giggle and away from the line of Egyptain teens, moving toward a new set of teens.
Lowell moved ahead and stopped, standing within a huddle of new teens with a smile. “Hello! I am President Lincoln and an American. You definitely appear as a bottle of beer. I like your slime-designed costume. I hope you win grand place at the midnight costume show this evening.”
Trux stopped and stood next to Lowell with a smile. “I am an American boxer.”
The first teen was a female who wore a slender bronze tinted slime-painted costume of a beer bottle, slapping the chest with a nod. “Thank you, kind sir! I am Miss Beer Bottle. But what costume show event are you referencing?”
The second teen was a female displayed a head of blonde hair with a tone of pale skin and wore a set of brown bubbles over the hidden body suit in slime paint with a sad face. “We come from the country of Germany that has an acid rain problem. I am Miss Acid Rain.”
Lowell laughed with a nod. “I understand. So, your other friend is one of the victims of a shower of acid rain. She displays a set of pale naked suit that is covered in tiny pink tinted blisters, where her pretend skin is blistered. That’s very clever. I hope that you win the grand prize at the costume contest today.”
The third teen was dressed in the slime-painted pink cat suit and sneered at Lowell. “I am Miss Acid Rain Victim. And your comment is not a laughing matter to my mind or my heart or my soul, sir!”
He sneered. “This is the fun Archive Ball, sweetie.” Lowell turned with a fake smile to see the fourth teen. “What are you?”
Trux pointed at the costume on the fourth teen with a smirk. “He appears like a mini-portion of a solid brown tinted rock wall. O! You are that solid Wall in Berlin that got torn down a few years ago. That’s a great costume, sir. O! That’s very, very good. I hope that you win the grand prize, Mr. Wall of Berlin.”
The first teen archivist of Germany frowned at Trux. “What grand prize are you referencing, Mr. Boxer?”
Lowell laughed. “Can you dance in that slime-painted costume, Mr. Wall?”
The fourth teen archivist of Germany turned and frowned at Lowell. “What dance are referencing, Mr. Lincoln?”
Trux shoved Lowell away from the huddle with the four Germany teens with a nod and a smile, moving ahead toward a new set of teens. “See all of ya’ll at the dance and costume ball! I like those costumes. Do they award prizes to each quartet of teens too? I hope so. They should win for the best costume from a county. We didn’t coordinate a theme with our costumes. Are we supposed to do that, too, Mr. Lincoln?”
On the opposite wall of glass, a set of four teens had formed a semi-circle. The middle teen was a tall and slender male that displayed a naked chest of muscles on pale skin, a head of cropped blonde hair, a pair of brown colored slime-painted trousers that were tucked down into the matching knee boots, and a smile. “I am a Canadian Mountie which is similar to a police officer in the country of America.”
She slapped the torch onto the chest with a smile. “I am Miss Liberty,” Victoriana winked at the cute male teen.
The first teen female wore a tan colored dog head with a hidden body suit in matching tan slime paint and leaned over into the nose bridge of Victoriana with a growl. “I am his devoted and faithful dog.”
Gemma turned with a giggle to see the nose profile of Victoriana. “She’s a dog, Miss Liberty. She’s a dog that growls.”
Victoriana turned with a fake smile to see the other two teens. “What are you? You look like a dead fly.”
“I am a dead fly,” the third teen was a short male and nodded with a smile, wearing a black colored slime-painted costume which was an enlarged housefly with a pair of yellow wings, and a pair of green eyeballs and a head of black color. “I died from my enemy of pesticides.”
The fourth teen was a tall male and dressed in a yellow container with a design of a skull head and two crossed bones that indicated cyanide poisoning of death on the front of the chest and as his face was colored in yellow slime paint. “I am Mr. Pesticide.”
Gemma frowned. “I thought you would not suppose to wear the slime-painted over the face and the mouth.”
“My head is colored in black makeup, Miss Eggshell,” Mr. Pesticide laughed with the others.
“I am Miss Egghead.” Gemma laughed.
“You act like an egg shell which is all empty and fragile,” Mr. Pesticide chuckled with the other teens.
Gemma leaned over with a snarl into the yellow slime-painted body. “Is that a threat?”
“Is that an excuse?” Mr. Pesticide sneered back at Gemma.
She nodded with a fake smile. “Not nice to meet ya’ll! Let’s get going, Miss Egghead!” Victoriana roughly shoved Gemma away from the growling Miss Dog and the sneering Mr. Pesticide, before an international fight broke out between the teens.
Gemma slowly moved away from the teens from Canada and ahead to the next group of teens, strolling beside Victoriana with a sneer. “These other teens are not nice or friendly or beauty or…”
“This is war for a set of artifacts, not peace of friendly fun,” Victoriana moved sideways toward a new set of invited teens.
"Yeah, right!” Gemma nodded with a frown.
Both of American teens stopped and stood in front of the huddle of four people. 
Victoriana smiled at the first ten. "I am..."
"... Miss Liberty." The tall, slender female smiled and wore a deeply cut rounded neckline that extended down and exposed one of her breasts that was covered in peachy slime-tone, without exposing the true female tit and nipple and a thick red tinted satin sash covered her waistline. A dull red colored Phrygian hat covered her hair roots with strands of dark brown hair flowing down from her face and nape. She carried a rifle with a sharp bayonet in one hand and toted a small France tricolor national flag in red, white, and blue colors. She laughed out loud with her three team members.
"What!" Victoriana gasped in shock at the teen France girl.
Gemma sneered at the teen France girl. "No!"
Miss Liberty smiled and waved her flag and gun sideways without harming another person. "I am the first Miss Liberty. That is Lady Liberty or Goddess of Liberty to you, copy cat American girl. I have two names from my home country of France, Maria and Anna that forms the name Marianne. I am the national personification of the French Republic, since the French Revolution that represents liberty and reason. My form is displayed everywhere in my home country in town halls, law courts, bronze statues, France coins, French postage stamps, French currency bills and a logo on official French documents. You are a poor copy of me, honey!"
Victoriana gasped in fury. "Well, I've never been insulted, so badly in my life.".
"We are Americans. We don't get insulted. We fight back with fists, guns, and words. Hey, girlfriend! The American Status of Liberty or Lady Liberty represents life, liberty, and pursue of happiness for any reason or culture or individual. You didn't exist until the French Revolution, which started in the year 1789. So, the American Miss Liberty was built by the France peasants and then given to the United States of America for free and freedom. Let freedom ring! Then the great USA give a duplicate in small measure back to the country of France three years later. So, I do believe that our Miss Liberty was here first, Ma-damn," she laughed with Victoriana.
France Miss Liberty chuckled at Gemma. "You need to read up on your World History, Yankee girl. My beautiful image dates backwards to the year 1775, before your American Revolution in the year 1776. My female image was first painted as a Goddess of Liberty and dressed in Roman style dress with a Phrygian cap on her hair roots."
Gemma smiled. "O! I'm not a Yankee girl, I'm a Southern belle. I do enjoy reading all types of ancient world histories. Marianne, the beautiful goddess of liberty and reason served the ruling kings and represented each French woman, who had been his past and current female lover, during peacetime. Let's get outta of here, Victoriana! The France team of whores might try and steal our American males. We need to go and warn them against Marianne," She laughed out loud and grabbed the arm on Victoriana, spinning them around, slowly moving ahead to the opposite wall."
France Miss Liberty gasped in shock. "Americans, they are so rude and ill-mannered and ..."
"...accurate," the female teen laughed out loud and dressed in hot pink slime paint as a fashion pump.
"Shut up, Miss Shoe!" The third teen female sneered and displayed a slime-colored costume as a rooster with a red crown, black beak, red and black tinted crest, a set of red and black tinted plume feathers, and a pair of yellow tinted rooster claws.
Miss Shoe frowned. "I wanna to wear the cute slime-created Goddess of Liberty. I didn't wanna be the shoe creature."
"Shut up, Miss Shoe!" The fourth teen frowned and scanned the other teens while pondering the upcoming archive hunt and the collection of the unique artifacts that could be exchanged for money. The tall, skinny male teen dressed in blackish-silver in the form of the Eiffel Tower, that was one of the most recognized man-made objects in the world.


§


On the opposite side of the room, Lowell slowly moved ahead with a whisper to Trux. “I hope there aren't any additional slime-painted costumes, with a tearful environment slogan. This is a dance, not a protest.”
Trux exhaled. “I sorta don't agree with you, Lowell. I'm a farm boy, and the environment is ...”
“Quit being a sissy wimp, Trux! This is a war battle, not a peace hut.” Lowell stopped and stood next to Trux with a smile. “I like your slime-painted outfits. Each one of you must come from the country of Switzerland. You are four nice-looking knights of the Templar.”
“Hmm!” Trux frowned, “I thought the slime paint could not duplicate a weapon like a long and deadly sharply pointed silver tinted warrior sword.”
The middle teen from the archivist team of Switzerland wore a waist-length red colored cape with a white short-sleeved tee shirt, and a pair of faded and ripped blue jeans that were tucked down into a set of dull black colored tinted knee boots, reaching over and lifted up the sword from the belt near his smile. “My sword is real. My costume is slime. And my new friend is…”
“…very friendly to you,” Trux laughed with a nod. “I’m Mr. Boxer from America.”
Lowell back stepped from the sharp sword and halted with a smile to the invited teen archivist from Switzerland, slapping his chest. “I am President Lincoln. Peace out, ya’ll!”
The middle male teen smiled with a nod. “I am Mr. Knight Number Three out of four knights.”
Lowell frowned. “I thought your entire costume had to be made of slime paint.”
The first male teen smiled with a head of shoulder length brown hair and a tone of dark tinted skin reaching down and touched the red cape. “One piece of article must be made of the icky sticky slick slime paint. Each one of us agreed a quartet of knights and then selected that the red cape would be slime paint. The rest of our beautiful attire is a set of real clothes inside a real body.”
Trux back stepped from the rows of knights that came from the country of Switzerland with a smile and a nod. “Hmm! That is interesting information. Good luck, knights!” He spun around and halted, swinging back around to see the line of teens. “I missed something here. Why did you bring a weapon to a foot race?”
The first teen smiled. “I was told that the foot race might get vicious toward the finish line.”
Lowell moved beside Trux with a sour frown and a whisper without the other teens overhearing. “Dickana missed something. She seems to be crating obstacles for each one of us. These four teens will have the best advantage in finding each artifact.”
Trux frowned. “I don’t think.”
“I know so.”
Trux frowned. “How would you know so?”
He exhaled with a huff of annoyance. “I know so, because this outfit is made of pure slime paint which is both hot and heavy and cumbersome. I'll be lagging behind our own team of archivists during the actually swift archive run in my slime-painted shoes, if I'm interpreting the motion and movement of the foot run.”
Trux gasped with a nod. “Yes, I think the same way. So, ditch some of your slime!” He laughed with a nod.
He exhaled with a huff of annoyance again. “I cannot, Mr. Boxer. The slime is one unit that has adhered to my entire body, starting at the top of the hair roots going through my rib cage and down to my pink toes. I don’t know how to remove the slime. Dickana, as usual, has not provided enough information about the slime product. I, as usual, was too stunned with her remarks and had forgotten to ask.”
Trux smiled. “Well then, we will ask the next group of teens.”
“Good idea!” Lowell stopped and stood in front of the new row of teens with a smile and next to Trux. “I am President Lincoln. I admire your beautiful Spanish dress. How will you remove your dress?”
The male teen wore the bull head and sneered at Lowell. “What did you say, stupid American male?”
Trux laughed. “My stupid American friend meant to say that the slime paint covers your entire face. How will remove the slime paint without going blind or harming your facial features?”
The male smiled. “There is a mist of special blend of salt that removes all the slime outfits from a body. I will simply waltz through the salty archway and then become newborn clean again.”
Lowell smiled. “That’s great news! Do you come from the country of Spain?”
The first teen was a female and wore a sleeveless long dress with rows of large ruffles in bright hue of aqua with a glittering large tiara in the gems of blue sapphire. The teen did not nod or smile.
The second teen informed Lowell. “This is my sister, who is nicknamed Miss Queen. I am Mr. Bull and mess with my bull either.” The teen was dressed in a red tinted bull-head with a pair of red tinted jeans over his legs.
The third teen wore a set of loose dark blue tinted trousers with a pair of thigh-high black tinted books without a shirt and exposed a dark tinted chest with black tinted hairs. "I am Mr. Conquistador."
The fourth teen was a female and wore a figure-eight format, tan-colored, guitar-shaped human body suit with long vertical, black-tinted lines of musical strands in her face. "I am Miss Guitar."
Lowell nodded with a smile. "Welcome to the Archive Ball! Thank you for coming to America!" He chuckled with a grin and shoved Trux to the side, moving sideways to another huddle of teens from another country.
In the middle of the auditorium room, junior archivist and Miss Liberty Victoriana stopped and gasped in shock, staring at the first teen in the line of four teenagers. "Uh! You are covered in red tinted splatters, girlfriend. What are you? Where do you come from?"
Gemma stood beside Victoriana and nodded with a smile in silence.
The female teen frowned and slapped several of her red tinted blisters. “I am covered in red sunburn blisters. I am Miss Sunburn, where the poisonous sun is burning the skin of all my people down in the country of Australia, coming from the big hole in the atmosphere.”
Gemma turned and smiled at the second teen, who was a male. "Your slime-suit is colored in all yellow hue, dude. What are you?”
The tall and skinny teen male nodded with a stern face. "I am the sun. I am Mr. Sun. The country of Australia is one of the hottest spots on Planet Earth."
The third teen was a male and wore a white tinted ball-shaped slime suit, standing in silence. You could not see his face only a pair of white legs.
Victoriana frowned. "What are you?"
The fourth teen was a tall and muscular male and spoke for his friend. "My friend is a white tinted soccer ball. Soccer is the fourth largest sports in the country of Australia." The teen wore a naked chest and a single brown tinted loincloth with a pair of brown tinted boxing gloves, slapping his naked chest, winking at cute Victoriana. "I am Mr. Boxing Kangaroo."
On the other side wall of glass, Trux and Lowell slowly shuffled around the room and stopped in front of short run of female. 
Trux smiled and slapped his chest. “I am an American boxer.” He moved ahead and stopped, standing next to Lowell, staring down the same set of hair roots with intrigue.
Lowell stopped and stood over the petite body, staring down a set of black slime paint on top of the hair roots. “Hello! I am American Mr. Lincoln. What are ya’ll supposed to be?”
The first petite female wore black slime paint over a hidden body suit with a natural face of black tinted makeup. "I am Miss Coal Mine Dust number-one. Each year, the dust and fumes from coal mining contaminate and pollute my person, my country and my person."
Trux nodded with a stern face to Miss Coal Mine Dust number-one. “Wow! I’m sorry. So, each one of you decided to attend the Archive Ball as set of our coal miners that is covered in black tinted coal mine dust which is dangerous to your lungs and skin."
“Yes,” the second petite female wore the same outfit with a stern face.
Trux exhaled with a huff of disappointment and gently clapped both oversized red colored boxing gloves with a nod. “Okey dokey! We feel ya’ll! Enjoy the Archive Ball today!”
“We will not.” Miss Coal Mine Dust number-three frowned.
Trux back stepped with a fake smile and then spun around, moving away from the teen gang from China and strolled ahead to the next group of teens with a puzzled brow. “That was weird!”
Lowell back stepped with a fake smile from the archive teen from the country of China with Trux and spun around with a sour frown, moving ahead to the same group of teens with Trux. “That was usual. This is a ball and a dance and a dinner. Why are some of the teens so dramatic about the environment today? This is an Archive Ball, not an anarchic protest.”
“I don’t know. Well, I do know.”
He gasped. “What do you know?”
Trux frowned. “I meant that I have a feeling. I get these when things are going really weird.”
“What are your feelings, feeling?” He laughed.
“I don’t know exactly, but I feel that there is something else going on here beside the Archive Ball.”
He nodded with a fake smile to the group of new teens. "I don’t know exactly either, but I feel that Dickana is behind your feelings and the something else that is going on behind the Archive Ball. So, we vow right here and right now to work together and figure it out.”
“Yeah! We should tattle our new brotherly American vows to our two American sisters, Gemma and Victoriana.”
He exhaled with a huff of annoyance. “No, we should not. Girls get nervous and squeaky like a set of cute mice during a crisis or chaos. We observe and record all the events that feel strange.”
Trux nodded with a smile, “All right! I can do that. And we keep an eyeball out for the safety of Gemma and Victoriana. After all, each one of us is an American brother and sister here like a set of family members.”
“Yes, we are all Americans that are here.” Lowell stopped with a fake smile and stood in front of the group of new teens. “What are you, honey?” He winked at the teen female.
On the side glass wall, both Victoriana and Gemma moved ahead and then stopped with a smile, standing over a set four matching black colored hair roots on a set of four petite females.
Victoriana smiled down at the first set of hair roots. “Hello! I am Miss Liberty.”
The first dark skinned female wore a two-piece black tinted bikini swimming suit on a dark skin body with a slime-designed white colored face mask that covered the entire face and looked up with a sneer to see tall Victoriana. “What are you?”
Victoriana smiled down at the second set of hair roots on the second female. “I am an American. My name is Miss Liberty. Who are ya’ll?”
The second dark skinned female wore a two-piece black tinted bikini swimming suit on a dark skin body with a slime-designed white colored face mask that covered the entire face and looked up with a sneer to see tall Victoriana. “Go away!”
Gemma reached out and grabbed the arm of Victoriana with a smile and a nod. “Shore! Let’s continue to meet and greet some of the other teens, Miss Liberty,” she back stepped and spun around with a sneer. “They are not very friendly. What country did they represent?”
"I believe that these four girls come from the country of Philippines. The people are petite with dark skin tint and black hair. Were they wearing a set of short hand clubs of wooden white?”
“Yeah.”
“Why would you decorate a body with a set of twin short hand clubs of wooden white.”
“For an upcoming bloody fight…” Gemma sneered, “I do believe that Dickana has forgotten to tell us some additional information.”
At 01:01 pm, on the 1st floor level, inside the auditorium room setting, USA hostess Dickana Walbash entered the room last with a smile and clapped for attention, scooting around the standing bodies of teens, avoiding a long table of items and shouted out loud for each pair of eardrums. “Attention, please! The room is setup in pods of five uncomfortable wooden seated chairs, a chair for each teen and one archive mentor. Each pod will represent a home country, since this is an international Archive Ball,” she stopped and stood in front of her American team of archivists, consisting of Lowell, Trux, Gemma, and Victoriana. “I want you as the American team of archivists to set on the front row inside the only pod of four chairs near the side glass wall.” Lowell, Trux, Gemma, and Victoriana swung around with a smile and moved ahead to the front row, seeing a single row of four chairs. Each one sat down and waited for the next set of instructions with the other teens about the Archive Ball.
Dickana moved ahead with a smile and scooted around the pods of wooden chair strolling toward the front of the room, shouting out loud without a microphone. “Please, everyone, move about and find a pod for you and all your native country teammates. While you are finding a pod of chairs to seat, you must pick up one of the numerous pyramid-shaped back tinted backpacks, which are all stacked inside a vertical tray in the middle of the auditorium room. One backpack per teen is required. This pyramid-shaped backpack will be used to store all of your collected artifacts. Your pod selection can be anywhere, because my instructions will be short and sweet.
On the front row, Lowell frowned at the pretty glass window. “Dickana could have told us that information before we found the pod of empty chairs.”
Trux leaned over with a smile and grabbed a set of four different backpacks out from the central tray of items, flinging each one to a team member with a strong arm. Each team member caught the item with a loud grunt. He sat back upright in the chair with a smile and stared out the pretty window. “There! I got one for each of us. Don’t sweat ant hills! There is too much for Dickana to do as she is the hostess with the mostess today.”
The flying pyramid-shaped backpack hit the face of Victoriana, since both of her hands were occupied with a slime-designed torch and a slime-designed tablet of pure white. She exhaled with a puff of annoyance, staring down at the fallen back pack on the floor, “Whilest she is doing a good job of ignoring her own archivist team for some reason.”
Dickana stopped and spun around, standing in front of a solid wall of glass that displayed the bright sunshine light that beamed down on top of a manicured green colored lawn in the rear of the tall building. The front of the building contained a series of vanilla colored concrete for parking spaces for a vehicle and a walking avenue for a person. She tossed both arms into the air with a smile and nodded to the audience of teens that came from all over the world to attend the annual Archive Ball. “Welcome to America!” The audience did not clap but continued to stare with a smile at Dickana. She nodded with a smile and dropped both arms with a soft slap down onto the ironed and pressed pair of tan colored walking shorts. “I love being an archivist. He or she exhibits the calmer, cooler, and smarter culture within the entire world. Each one of us works for the Department of Research, Art, and Magic within our own national Archive Administration. Yesterday, we all had worked inside an office building without the sound of noisy folks and loud rock and roll radio music on top of a hologram computer in peace. Today, we will here and using our brains and our legs.
“Welcome to the Birmingham Art and Science Center! Once upon a time, the Center was ten stories high, where every flat level was designed exclusively for a group of curious children that started at the age of three-year-old toddler up to twelve-year-old pre-teens. Each flat level housed a set of numerous hands-on scientific exhibitions for learning about all types of science studies, including life, environmental, biological, and physical. The atmosphere allowed the child to feel and taste real life inside one of the numerous science exhibition rooms. 
“Now, that is all gone,” she smiled to the audience. The audience did not clap or moan or cheer, since an archivist was a reserve person in both human personality and profession work ethics. She grinned. “We live in the modern age. Welcome to the glass pyramid! The exterior material of the building is pure transparency glass segments in the shape of a pyramid like the big ones within the country of Egypt. The interior is composed of smooth metal. There is not a single old-fashioned wooden door or physical door knob. You gently pressed an index finger to the metal and feel a soft shiver of the material while hearing a soft rumble of the electronic gears and then jerk the hand from the metal. The door will open for each bathroom stall,” she laughed. “The lavatory facility, for a boy or a girl, is around the wall corner. There are not any working desks or computer stations or food tables. So, I hope that you eaten your lunch meal, before coming to the competition, this early afternoon at one pm. Here, inside the auditorium room, all walls are made of solid glass. However, each upper floor level is comprised of colorful solid metal.
“I will start my introduction with a history lesson. Pyramids were developed and built by the culture of the Egyptains. The people of the ancient Egypt felt that in order for each one of them to live and thrive after a death and within the afterlife, their pharaoh after his death had to be mummified and preserved to meet and greet all the dead souls with the king’s horses and men while waiting for each one of his subjects. Just joshing! The dead pharaoh had to carry all the necessary daily items of life on Earth with him into the afterlife which included the boat, the throne chair, the jewelry box, all the wives, and finally all the slaves. Now, the mineral was gold was very abundant within the lands of Egypt. Thus, all the personal items of the pharaoh were crafted in gold which made the eyeballs on a grave robber drool with tears and sweat. The ancient priests were smart and designed a false chamber with a false wall to deter the tomb raider. Sometimes, the engineers would create a trap door that lead to death. So, it begs the question that is wiggling around each mind. Will each compartment contain an elaborate booby trap that holds a pit of snakes, a nest of alligators, or a gigantic rolling rock boulder to crush your delicate human bones?” She laughed. “No. You are only a group of high school students. These particular activities are exclusively provided for an adult.” Each student laughed with a smile.
The mentor from the country of the Egypt was dressed in a suit of white linen with a head of black hair, a tone of dark tinted skin, and a pair of brown eyeballs and swiftly stood upright from the hard chair with a smile and a nod to see each face. “Good afternoon! I am known as Mr. Egypt Ambassador. I am the mentor for the archive team from the country of Egypt. A large majority of the ancient tombs within the country of Egypt had belonged to the common families which were small and very spare of personal everyday possessions. A wealthier family of dead members was buried inside a mastaba which was covered by layers of hard rock or dried mud brick. The layer material was used to prevent a batch of vicious tomb robbers or raiders from collecting the personal possessions. Then a smart priest saw the tiny mastaba and converted it into a pyramid which was used by every single pharaoh, since the beginning of civilization,” the mentor sat back down with a smile and a nod to Dickana.
“Thank you, Mr. Egypt Ambassador.” Dickana clapped with a smile and then tossed both arms into the air with a nod to see the audience. “The history lesson for the day, a pyramid was used to prevent grave robbers. One of the popular features of a pyramid, a set of three tall and large and heavy stone doors was used to close off the burial chamber. The huge rock weighed several tons and was carved in a set of wicked and nasty evil curses if you dared to enter the burial chamber. Now, there are not any rocks with curses inside our glass pyramid. There is not a set of ancient dead bodies inside our glass pyramid or down into the pit. Back in the ancient time, an Egyptain engineers would construct an empty and false chamber to perturb the grave robbers. Now, there is not empty or false chamber here within our glass pyramid.
“A new piece of ancient history, I will share with everyone. By the New Kingdom, one of the pharaohs had created a new police state patrolling unit, which was called the Medjay. Each Medjay police officer patrolled with a real-life baboon mammal.” The sitting teen female within the audience of young archivists that was dressed in the head of brown colored baboon didn’t move or speak. Dickana laughed with a nod. “Ya’ll are too serious, today. You are located on the ground floor or the auditorium room. This is only a room without food trays or working computers or any other helpful devices like a telephone land. The archive competition will start on the second floor. On the second floor, there will be four individual original entrance portals that will lead directly into the ten-story glass pyramid which is not covered in a rock boulder. Once your archive team selects and then enters through one of the four entrance portals, that particular entrance portal door will slide down and swish shut for six long and painful seconds which allows the moving archive team to advance ahead. On the seventh second of the time limit, the same entrance portal door will open back up and then reveal darkness without an archive team.
“Moving through one of the entrance portals, your archive team will descend down the avenue floor or ascend up the avenue floor, until you hit an exhibition stand. Don’t ask me the route of the avenue! I am not telling, and I don’t know the direction of each entrance portal. The numerous avenues had been built by a team of robots a few days ago that had been programmed by an independent group of architects a few months, before the construction of the glass pyramid. This is the fun part of the archive hunt for each teen. As your archive team races down an avenue floor of solid colorful metal, the team will run into a single exhibition stand. I promise this. The single exhibition podium will be short and flush against one metal wall, where it will show in big bold capital letter the name of the native country that hides the native artifact. The opposite wall will be solid metal, without an art piece or a decoration. The avenue floor will be open for your footpath. On top of the short exhibition podium, there will be a hologram keyboard which can be used to identify the artifact. I will provide a simple demonstration for each teen.”
She turned with a smile and pointed at the glass window at five separate objects. “There are five exhibition podiums. Each podium houses a loose triangular pile of yellow tinted sawdust and a flat pink tinted hologram keyboard. My home-grown American team of four archivists is going demonstration what to do when your team encounters an exhibition podium inside the glass pyramid. Miss Liberty, Mr. Boxer, Mr. President, and Miss Egghead come up here and stand in the first four podiums staring on your left.”
Victoriana, Lowell, Trux, and Gemma stood upright from each wooden chair on the front row and slowly advanced towards one of the exhibition podiums on the side glass window which displayed the ugly vanilla colored parking spot over the interstate bridge and roadway. Victoriana moved ahead first and stood in front of the first podium with a sour frown. Trux stood beside Victoriana. Lowell was between Trux and Gemma.
Dickana pointed at each back spine. “There are four archivists and four podiums. Miss Liberty, you will have six seconds to wipe off the yellow tinted sawdust and announce the name of the artifact. You can type the artifact name on to the hologram keyboard without shouting out loud and giving away your secret location of the Archive Hunt. Or you can shout out loud the name of the artifact for the final death kill. The exhibition podium is also a receiver of electronic and vocal information which will capture your voice patterns, but you must be very, very clear with your words. Thus, the available hologram keyboard is offered as your secret tool. Go, Miss Liberty!”
Victoriana reached down with the torch and swished away the yellow tinted sawdust to see the object with a smile, “Statue of Liberty!”
Dickana nodded with a smile to the audience. “Did you see what she did? She wiped away the yellow tinted sawdust pile first. Then she quickly shouted out loud the artifact object second. Then, finally, you reach out and grab the artifact and then store your new treasure down inside the provided pyramid-shaped clear tinted archive backpack. That is simple and easy. Mr. Boxer, go!”
Trux reached down and batted the yellow tinted sawdust with one of the oversized slime-designed boxing gloves to the side with a smile to see the object, “A boxing glove.”
Dickana nodded with a smile to the audience, “Very good, Mr. Boxer! Mr. President, go!”
Lowell slowly reached over with a naked hand and a sour frown. This demonstration was not timed like in the real archive race. He slowly wiped off the yellow tinted sawdust and finally revealed the tiny object in the color of brown tint while immediately recognizing the face. “President Lincoln.”
Dickana nodded with a smile to the audience. “Good, Mr. President! Miss Egghead, it is your turn now.”
Gemma leaned down and wiped off the yellow tinted sawdust with both hands with a smile to see the object, dropping both hands and typed onto the hologram keyboard. Then keyboard pinged with a soft musical tone and spoke out loud for all eardrums, “Chicken egg.”
Dickana nodded with a smile to the audience, “Excellent, Miss Egghead! Don’t move away from the podiums, yet, young archivists. I have some important points to stress for each teen. Miss Liberty immediately recognized the famous tiny statue of her person that exists within the countries of France and the United States of America, when she spoke out loud the name, the Statue of Liberty. Mr. Boxer, why did you say the paired words: boxing glove.”
Trux turned and frowned at Dickana, “Uh! It is a boxing glove.”
Dickana laughed. “Yes, it is a boxing glove. Why didn’t you say, a glove?”
Trux smiled. “A glove could be a work glove or a cooking glove or a driving glove. There are numerous types of gloves for a pair of hands that is used for one single purpose like a boxing glove to box the nose of your opponent.”
Dickana nodded with a smile to the audience. “That is an excellent explanation, Mr. Boxer. I would like to point out that he was very specific with the name of the artifact to the computer. I caution here to each teen archivist hunter. The computer is programmed with a set of specific words that reference each native artifact. If Mr. Boxer had said only the word: glove, then the computer will not recognize the proper identification, because a glove usually has one purpose, not many. The object for Mr. President is actually a tiny duplicate face and body figure of the 16th President of the USA. However, I would like to warmingly warn with caution, again. You must use the complete proper name of the artifact which would have been more accurate to say: President Abraham Lincoln. Miss Egghead, why did you type in the word as opposed to speaking it out loud?”
Gemma spun around with a smile to see the audience. “I did not want the computer to mistake my voice pattern for some else. The word egg is a funny sounding word.”
Dickana smiled with a nod to the audience, "Excellent choice, Miss Egghead! This is a good point for all teen archivists. Miss Egghead did not want her vocal pattern to be screwed up, thus she had elected to type in the word on the hologram keyboard, which is very acceptable and wise. One more question, why did you say the word pair: chicken egg?”
Gemma smiled with a nod to the audience of teens and mentors. “There are numerous birds that lay various types of eggs. The object was clearly a chicken egg as opposed to a big ostrich or a big turkey or a tiny bird egg.”
Dickana nodded to the audience. “That is another excellent point, Miss Egghead! If she had said the word egg only, then there would be a set of dire consequences. Please, leave your podium sight and return into your individual pod chair, my team archivists from the USA! I would present now an awesome physical, visual, and mental demonstration to what will happen if you did not accurately say the correct word phrase.”
Lowell, Trux, Gemma, and Victoriana back stepped from each podium with a fake smile and spun around, swiftly moving back and sat back down on the front row of chairs. Gemma leaned over with a puzzled brow to see each one of her team mates. “How did Dickana know that I referenced my slime-designed costume and my person as Miss Egghead?”
Lowell exhaled with boredom and stared out the window at the manicured grass. “Dickana had overheard your loud proclamation, this morning.”
Gemma frowned. “I didn’t announce my name or my costume to her.”
Lowell exhaled with a whsiper of annoyance, “Really! Your loud and obnoxious voice carries up from the ground floor into the tenth floor, even all the dead folks underneath this building from the beginning history of America has overheard your nonsense ramblings, Miss Egghead.”
Gemma gasped with alarm. “What?”
Victoriana stared with a sour frown at Dickana and said with a whisper. “Be quiet, Gemma! Sat upright and straight inside your chair! We are a team in a competition, not a classroom. Listen to the instructions from our boss Dickana!”
Dickana moved ahead and stood beside a fifth podium with a pile of yellow colored sawdust. “This is the last demonstration after hunting down and to identify properly an artifact on top of each exhibition stand for each teen. Would anyone like to come up the podium and be my pasty?” The audience of teens and mentors did not move but smiled in silence. “I see that I have an audience of eggheads. Very well! I will use my new friend. His name is Mr. Scarecrow while keeping in sync with the audience name patterns,” she leaned down and grabbed the object. The object was made of yellow hay with a red colored dress and a head of yellow hay, without a mouth or a pair of eyeballs. Dickana leaned the funny looking scarecrow against the short podium and then looked to see the audience with a smile. “I have placed my new friend in front of the last podium, which is an exhibition stand. Go, Mr. Scarecrow!”
Dickana gently shoved pretend dummy-statue Mr. Scarecrow reached over which waved both of his slime-gloved hands in the air while gently wiping off the yellow tinted sawdust on top of the hard surface and exposed a single object in the color of red. Dickana yelled out loud with a chuckle, “Shoe!”
Mr. Scarecrow continued to lean against the metal podium. Then, a hidden trap door on top of the metal floor dropped down into the basement level. Mr. Scarecrow dropped down and disappeared from the podium and out of the auditorium room. The audience members gasped in alarm.
Dickana clapped with a smile at the audience. “Did you see that? Mr. Scarecrow said the single vocal word, shoe, which did not accurately describe the native artifact object. There is a high heeled shoe, a flat shoe, a men’s shoe, a child’s shoe, a baby shoe. And I can go on and on. So, you must be a little more descriptive with your word choice, when you encounter each artifact or else. O! Where did my Mr. Scarecrow go? I will address that in a moment.
“Where did I end? O yes! When the solo archive item has been successfully snatched up from the exhibition table, inside the single chamber, the entrance wall will drop down and block an advancing footpath of a new archivist, because the successful archivist deserves the recognition and the honor and the reward. The archivist will exit through the open side of the partially enclosed chamber and then move down the same avenue to the next exhibition room and to try and find and snatch up a new artifact. Thus, the glass pyramid will create a new footpath for the advancing team of archivists. This is an example of a blocked avenue floor passage. Thus, the new archivist will have to turn and follow a new pathway.
“The glass pyramid does not lead around and around in a circle. The foot pathway actually forms a zigzag pattern down a new horizontal avenue floor or up towards a new vertical avenue floor or comes to a complete at a dead end. Surprise!” Dickana laughed as each archivist sounded with a soft moan. She smirked with a nod. “Ah! I got an emotion with my wise words. Yes, there will a dead end within some of the footpath avenue floors, which comes from the single decision your team makes and the bad choice that your team takes. If your team follows the correct footpath, then it will lead your team up towards the capstone on the tenth floor within the glass pyramid. Inside glass capstone, you will the beauty of Birmingham and participate in the ball dances and eat your dinner and then you can party until midnight, when we will determine the grand winner of the Archive Ball.
"However, there are a few dead ends. When your archive team hits a dead end, there will not be an exhibition podium with a new artifact. But your team will be able to back pedal down the same avenue and then find a new avenue to walk down while continuing the hunt for one of the new artifacts,” she exhaled with a puff of happiness. “What are some of the artifacts? That is the new question inside your mental mind.”
Inside the third row on the end, Lowell sat next to Trux and leaned over with a sour frown. “I’m wasting my time in here. I don’t care about the other big or small artifacts. I just want to leave and find it, thus becoming the winner of the archive hunt.”
Trux nodded with a smile and continued to stare at Dickana in silence.
Dickana smiled. “I am not going to divulge one single artifact, since that is your part of the archivist challenge and archive knowledge as a budding and expiring professional archivist. The set of archive hunter rules will be spoken one at a time and only once. The first rule is no country mentor is dressed in a slime-designed costume, since the archive mentor cannot run the archive foot race, because the mentor is too old," Dickana laughed with the others. "Honestly, the archive monitor or ambassador is a professional archivist and knows all of the answers, like me."
The Bahamas Ambassador laughed. "What is the answer, Dickana?"
"Me!" She slapped her chest for fun. "The second rule, a provided clear pyramid-shaped backpack must hold all your collected artifacts from the archive hunt, which will be inspected at the end of the competition for honestly. The third rule, there is only one artifact per exhibition stand. The fourth rule, there will be no fights or fighting or abusive words or terrible language on any of the avenues. Else, both archive team members will be kicked out of the archive hunt and will be transported to the Birmingham Airport. The fifth rule, each archivist will go up to the capstone earlier or later and join the party. You cannot turn around and go back down staircases and then leave through the front door of my building. Does everyone understand the archive hunter rules? Good! A hunt is always dangerous for the hunter and the hunted. This treasure hunt is no different. There will be some dangerous traps. When the archive team members find an exhibition stand and one hand reaches out and touches the pile of colored soil, the wall clock will start to tick up to six seconds. You have six seconds to find and figure out the hidden artifact within the colored soil. However, if the artifact had been already been found and then taken, then the wall clock will continue to tick up to six seconds anyways. The clock does not care but you should care a great deal. You need to swift and figure out, if the artifact is there or not within the colored soil. If the artifact is not there and has already been stolen, then you and your team mates need to run away again exhibition stand. Else, if you lounge around and scratch your butthole, then a new hole will open up on the floor or in the wall. And that open hole leads down into a deep, dark pit, without the hope of escaping, until the archive ball party starts. Then I will send someone down to fetch you out from the deep, dark pit," she laughed with the others. 
Dickana continued. "There will be some fun traps. As you walk along the avenue, your presence might trigger something within the air waves like a new door. A new rear wall will slam shut and then a forward wall will slide down, slamming shut also. Inside a trapped chamber without an exhibition artifact, something will happen,” she laughed with a nod. “The something will be fun or scary or silly. So, go and enjoy it! Life is too short to be crabby. I can say that each artifact is real and true. When you grab the artifact, you grab a piece of ancient history and hold it for the rest of your life.”
The arm of Mr. Russia Ambassador rose into the air and wiggled side to side. “The last rule, you must climb up each avenue floor and stomp your slime-painted or bare feet all the way to the top on the glass pyramid, in order to exit out of the pyramid structure for the last time of the upcoming night hours. You cannot go backwards either. Why is that, Dickana?" 
She nodded. "The archive journey is only upward. How is that possible? This building is alive,” Dickana laughed with a nod at the audience of surprised faces. “I mean that the building is ran by a set of active computers. The computers sense and track an individual body heat on each teen. If the body heat on the teen is going the wrong way, then a sliding door will magically drop down and block your foot path. So, don’t do it! If you get scared and want your mama, then your native archive mentor will come to your sissy rescue. But I hope that does not happen. When you are reach the glass encased capstone at the top of the structure, it is the end of the archive race. Then the Archive Ball will start, where a grand prize will be rewarded for the one archivist team with the most collection of artifacts,” she smiled.
One of the teen archivists shouted out loud within the audience. “What is it?”
One of the teen archivists from the country of England turned and whispered into the cheekbone of her friend. “The grand prize is a bag of money. Americans and their culture are so greedy and shallow. They only think that tons of money will solve all the world’s problems. It is mankind, not money that will solve the world’s problems.”
Dickana laughed. “I will not say, so you must find out by meeting all of us up on the tenth floor, the top of the glass pyramid.” The audience continued to sit in silence and listen for any additional instructions regarding the archive race. “I will leave you with my departing words: Don’t worry but run!”
On the last row, American junior archivist Gemma continued to sit and wore her oval shaped outfit in the color of dull pink which was covered in a series of intricate curly patterns of various colors from dark blue, red, green, orange, light blue, light green, purple, lavender, yellow and other colors. On top of her shoulder length black colored hair roots, a tiny oval shaped hat barely covered the middle of her bone skull in the same dull pink color that matched the body oval shape with a tiny series of curly designs with the exact same varied color scheme. She wore a pair of high heeled soft pink sandals that showed off a pair of naked legs. Gemma gasped in alarm and whispered for her eardrums only, “Dickana has started the Archive Ball. No one got her wickedly American joke, but me!” She swiftly stood upright from the hard-wooden chair without the soft padding with a wicked grin and then turned to the entrance wall, quickly running ahead, passing each nose bridge on her American archive team mates with laughter and a shout for all of the other pairs of eardrums. “Each archive team, come and follow me toward the set of two dancing elevators! Each one is inside the front part of the lobby with the series of glass doors. Run, now! I’m going toward the first dancing elevator,” she turned to face the short archway and ran around the slower teens, running underneath the archway, sliding across the slick floor and turned the wall corner, running into open carriage on the far-right side of the lobby. She spun around and slammed into the wall corner with a smile and a pant of heavy breathing from excitement with a shout out loud inside the carriage alone, “Come in here! Get moving! Get into the dancing elevator now! I’m reaching for the button. Get inside now! Hurry! Hurry! The archive race has started.”
Inside the first-floor auditorium room, some of the teens slowly stood upright from a wooden chair with a smile and then slowly moved ahead underneath the archway, following behind an absent Gemma, moving out the auditorium.
Some of the teens continued to sit inside the hard chair and leaned over into each other naked or slime-painted face while collecting a set of wise words from their native country mentor within a tight huddle inside of pod chairs.
On the first row, Trux stood upright from the chair with a smile and wore a pair of red colored boxing shorts that came even with the kneecaps, a naked chest of dark skin with muscles, a pair of red colored boxing shoes, and a pair of oversized boxing gloves that looked to be the large size of bathroom trashcan over both hands, punching each oversized boxing glove in the air with a chuckle. “This is an archive race. I don’t know.”
Lowell was dressed in yellow colored long jacket, a pair of green tinted long trousers, a top hat in the color of purple, and a trimmed beard of black tint and slowly stood upright from the hard chair with a sour frown. “I don’t know either. And I suspect that we were not supposed to be told, which is the usual practice from Dickana, our leader.”
Victoriana slowly stood upright from the hard chair and brushed through the thick slime paint that covered her body with a sour frown. Her blue colored ankle-length gown was slimed into her body with a one-foot dress train dragging over the hard-naked surface. On top of her non-natural hair roots, a white tinted three-point tiara stood with a set of fake shiny diamonds. Her hair was colored in red hue and flipped up the ends standing on top of each collar bone. She held a white colored torch in one hand. The other hand held a stone table in white also. She exhaled with annoyance and wiggled both hands in the air with a sour frown. “This is a racing race. I can’t race in this long and overflowing slime painted dress. The slime paint on the dress weighs at ton or more.”
“An African elephant weighs numerous tons. You are not an elephant, but a girl. I’ll go and operate the second dancing carriage on the dancing elevator, since Gemma has beaten all of us to the first dancing elevator. She is full of steam this morning.” Lowell moved ahead with a laugh and turned to face the short archway, dashing ahead, scooting around the other slow teens, exiting into the lobby and joined the archive hunt for one or two true artifacts. Then he would sale the on the internet for lots of money.
Trux leaned over and extended an arm with a smile to Victoriana. “May I escort the lady to the dancing elevator?”
Victoriana tossed both hands that held a torch of white slime and a tablet of matching slime into the air, moving ahead and slowly turned to the side, strolling toward the short archway with a sour frown. “The objects in my hands are lightweight but cumbersome. I can’t believe that this is a race. I can’t touch anything, including an artifact. I don’t dress for a foot race. I dressed for a ball of dancing. And I didn’t plan to wear my dress for hours and hours, until the stroke of midnight. I thought that I could change out of the slime painted dress in a couple of hours. This is so wrong. I am so mad.”
Trux reached down and touched her elbow with a smile, moving beside her toward the short archway on the entrance wall. “It will okay, Victoriana. We are here to fun. This is so different from a hay ride and a horse race. I like it for shore. We are the employees. I bet at the end of our internship program, we got a great artifact prize. What do you think?”
She slowly strolled ahead and behind one of the slower teens, exhaling with a puff of annoyance, complaining to Trux. “I don't think here. I hate it here. I hate it here. I wanna go home. I wanna leave the Birmingham Art and Science Center right after the Archive Ball.”
He slowly strolled with her and behind the slower teens with a confused brow. “Why?”
She exhaled. “I am not having any fun. Dickana is a real dick too. She changes her mind about everything. We started out hunting for the Ring of Solomon. Then we switched and hunted for the chest of gold bars from the Confederation battle or rides or something. Now, we are racing around inside a glass pyramid to find a set of silly little nonsense artifacts that are not really ancient and old artifacts.”
He smiled. “But it's been so much fun. This job is so different, and we get to meet different people from all over the world.”
She hissed, “Fun for you! Torment for me! Look at me! I can barely waddle side to side in my slime painted dress. I can’t run a foot race in the new and unknown archive race.”
“Well, we have to be smarter than the rest of the other teens. There will be plenty of artifacts for the taking per Dickana. The room is filled with teens and numerous countries. You heard Gemma about our winning strategy. She will wait inside the second-floor tunnel on the left entrance portal for us. No one goes to the left side of the road or the tunnel or the stadium. I don’t. I agree with Gemma’s logic. There, we will find some fun artifacts. It is the fun, not the greed of the competition among teens.”


§


Inside the lobby, a set of teen archivists exited out from the auditorium and entered the carriage with Gemma. She continued to fake a smile and shout out loud inside the elevator, “Hurry! Hurry! Fill up the elevator carriage. The carriage is lifting and going to the second floor, where the four entrance portals are located. It is the only way to enter the glass pyramid for the archive race. Get inside! I'm ready to close the door.” Each teen entered the carriage while shoving and pushing each other into the rear walls with a set of hisses and sneers. The carriage quickly filled.
Gemma reached up and held one of the U-shaped handhelds with a free hand and a fake smile, reaching down, pressing the second-floor button with an evil laugh. “Welcome to the dancing elevator! Everyone, hold one and try to stand upright!”
One of the sneering teen archivists from the country of Japan frowned. “What does that mean, stupid-o American?”
“Move the elevator, nasty American!” One of the snarling teen archivists from the country of Spain frowned.
The elevator doors slid closed.
Gemma slid a back spine into the wall corner of the carriage and stood near the control panel with a giggle of fun, reaching up with the other hand while securing a body into the wall corner from the vicious elevator ride. The carriage was made of hard wood paneling. Going around the wall, there was a waist-high rounded piece of wood like an exercise bar. On top of the ceiling, there was an array of numerous u-shaped handholds, dotting across the wall and jiggling side to side.
Some of the teens leaned against the rear and two side walls and watched the set of doors shut without holding onto the side bar for safety. Some of the teens stood in the middle of the carriage in silence, watching the set of doors shut without holding onto the one of the numerous dangling U-shaped handhelds on the ceiling for safety.
The dancing elevator violently jerked to the side with a halt. Each teen archivist screamed out loud in panic and slammed sideways into the body of another teen, sliding down onto the floor or onto another fallen teen with a set of shouts and curses.
Then the carriage smoothly ascended to the second floor. Each teen cuddled with another teen in fright. Some of the brave teens sat back on both kneecaps with a sneer at Gemma.
Gemma continued to stand upright and against the wall corner after the jerky sideways movement of the carriage, holding onto the single ceiling U-shaped handhold with both hands, turning with a smile to see each face with an evil laugh and a wicked grin. The tiny hidden bell sounded with a ting of a single musical note. The carriage smoothly stopped on the second floor.
She smiled. “This is the dancing elevator. The elevator is designed to shift to the side first and then rise up to the next floor next. Well, the floor selected for your particular drop-off point. We have arrived, folks. This is the second floor in which to enter one of the portal holes into the glass pyramid for the archive hunt that leads finally to the Archive Ball with drinks, dances, and dinners. Please, depart for a swift race. Good luck, ya’ll!”


§


On the second-floor level setting, on the right side of metal wall, the first dancing elevator carriage halted. The gigantic single sliding door opened and revealed a pile of legs and arms.
Gemma laughed out loud and scooted around a huge tall lump of angry bodies that spilled down all over the elevator floor that had fallen down from the rough jolt of the dancing elevator and then she dashed ahead out from the crowded carriage first, running away from all heated bodies with a stern face, feeling tense and eager to find the disc of Thor’s Hammer that will heal and save the life of her dying mother. She quickly entered the entrance portal that was numbered one on the forward wall which was opposite from the wall of two dancing elevators with a stern face and a set of shallow breathes of anticipation. The entrance portal number one slid down and locked into the floor with a soft click, creating a semi-darkness atmosphere inside the long tunnel.
Inside tunnel number one, a set of embedded overhead ceiling lights were built onto the short metal ceiling, where the metal walls, the ceiling, and the floor illuminated without the solar sunlight rays or a bright hand-held flashlight. She halted and gasped in alarm. "There are six different staircases that lead up to the third floor. Dickana is a genius, a crazy genius. Which one? Which staircase should I take to go and find the Thor's Hammer artifact? I don't know." She nodded with a giggle and dashed ahead, taking the first one on the left side of the room, climbing up each metal step in a pair of spiked fashion high heels which was a slow pace feeling anticipation and excitement with the archive hunt.
On top of the carriage floor, on the second floor, the archivist team from the country of Canada swiftly stood upright from the floor displaying Mr. Canadian Mountie, Miss Dog, Mr. Dead Fly, and Mr. Pesticide. Each teen sounded a set of loud curses, tossing another fallen teen from their pathway into the middle of the carriage floor quickly dashing ahead and away from the crowd of confused teens towards the entrance portal number four, running into the entrance portal opening with a set of loud grunts.
Then entrance portal door slid down and then locked down on the floor with a soft click, creating a semi-darkness atmosphere inside the long archive metal tunnel.
Inside the tunnel of number four, a set of embedded overhead lights were built into the ceiling, where four metal walls, the ceiling, and the floor glowed in aqua hue, without the sunlight rays or a bright hand-held flashlight. The gang of team members stopped and stood with confusion inside the tunnel, pointing with a set of fingers at one of the six staircases with grumblings. avenues. The head archivist of the Canadian team decided to move ahead up the third staircase, climbing up the third floor.
Inside the same dancing elevator, the archivist team members from the country of China swiftly stood upright from the carriage floor, exhibiting four petite females, who was covered in a black tinted slime suit that represented coal mine dust. Each one tripped over the other grounded bodies and then quickly paced out from the carriage, running over the floor and entered the furthest entrance portal opening that was number three on the opposite wall. The entrance portal door slid down and then locked into the floor with a soft click, creating a semi-darkness atmosphere inside the long tunnel.
Inside tunnel number three, a set of embedded overhead ceiling lights built into the ceiling, where the four metal walls, the ceiling, and the floor illuminated in the color lavender, without the bright natural bands of sunlight or a bright hand-held flashlight. The team slowly moved ahead and climbed the last and sixth staircase, dashing up towards the third floor.
Inside the same dancing elevator, on the second-floor space, the archivist team from the country of Switzerland swiftly stood upright inside the carriage from the rough ride of the dancing elevator and then swiftly dashed around the fallen bodies inside the overcrowded carriage with a set of shouts and smiles. The four tall and muscular teen males wore a slime-designed red ankle-length flowing cape, a white tee shirt, a pair of ripped blue jeans, and a real sword, running ahead into the open entrance portal that was number two.
The entrance portal door slid down and then locked into the floor with a soft click, creating a semi-darkness atmosphere inside the long tunnel.
Inside tunnel number two, a set of embedded overhead ceiling lights was built into the ceiling, where each wall, the ceiling, and the floor illuminated in the color bright pink hue, without the sunlight or a bright flashlight. The team swiftly decided to run up the second of six staircases and headed up towards the third floor.
Back on the second floor, inside the same dancing elevator carriage, the remaining teens rolled around in a ball and reached up with a hand, grabbing onto one of the side bars, slowly standing upright from the floor or off from another fallen teen archivist with a sneer while watching the other archivists enter an open entrance portal. Some of the fallen teens slowly crawled on both hands and knees and scooted out the open carriage with a snarl of frustrating, slowly standing upright, swiftly running toward a set of closed entrance portal doors with a set of sneers on an angry face while waiting on the next opening. 
Each archivist shuffled around and huddled with their archive teammates standing still or swaying side to side in front of one closed entrance portal door feeling a set of heavy emotions of anticipation and nervousness.
A slime-painted, golden-tinted tall and muscular Greek god image of Ares, the teen male from the country of Greece shifted side to side in front of his three teammates and growled with a sour frown at closed door. “How long has the entrance portal door been closed?” The other golden-tinted, slime-painted Greek archive team members represented god Apollo, goddess Artemis, and god Zeus.
Mr. Bull from the country of Spain shuffled side to side beside his team mates in front of a different closed entrance portal door with an angry scowl at the neon green tinted metal. “Two seconds. Three seconds. Four seconds…”
The semi-naked, dark-skinned female wore a white colored face mask from the country of the Philippines danced in a circle, twirling her hand club in the air, saying with a sneer to her team mates. “When the door opens, we run all the other teens down and enter the entrance portal first. We're losing precious time. Some of the other archive members have fled the elevator room and are at this moment, collecting all the artifacts. But when we encountered each archive team, we will steal the artifact back by smile or by force," she laughed with her three biological sisters, who hailed from the island of the Philippines.


§


Back on the first floor, outside the auditorium room, inside a crowded lobby setting, the second dancing elevator doors closed shut with numerous upright heated bodies of teen archivists and some unique body odor smells. Lowell reached over with a smile and held onto the side bar for safety, reaching out, pressing the second-floor button. Then, the full and overcrowded elevator carriage with numerous upright and heated bodies violently jolted to the side. Every stunned teen, but Lowell, fell on the floor and hit the side wall or another teen with asset of curses and screams. He continued to stare down at all the fallen teens with an evil laugh and a wicked smirk without words or moving the elevator carriage.
Inside the auditorium room, on the first floor, Trux slowly escorted Victoriana from the room, into the lobby setting, and then stopped a few feet from the glass doors among the crowd of heated bodies. There were too many teens standing and swaying on the lobby floor that did not allow Victoriana to scoot around the invited guests.
Victoriana frowned with annoyance and scanned each back spine on a different teen. “I'll wait as the last person to ascend up one of the dancing elevators. My slime-painted blue dress is too long and too wide and too pretty and too heated and it is going to cause any accident with another archivist. I don’t wanna hurt anyone, including my person."
He released her elbow with a smile. “Okay. I'll wait with you here inside the overcrowded lobby and outside the auditorium room.” The crowd of teens didn’t move ahead but continued to stand with a set of shouts and curses. Trux frowned. “Where is the second dancing elevator? Gemma left first out from the auditorium room and guided the first wave of teens inside the other elevator. She should have been back down here by now to collect the rest of the teens. The lobby is overcrowded and hot.”
She exhaled with a puff of annoyance. “If Gemma was smart, then she would be running the course of the glass pyramid, before the rest of the teens. I would, if I could, go and finish this silly event and end my terrible day.”
“The day is wonderful. I gotta go and find the other elevator. Lowell has lifted off in the second elevator with the second batch of teens. We need to get both elevators working. Or the day will run into tomorrow,” he moved ahead with a confused brow and elbowed his way through the crowd of heated bodies, stopping and stood in front of the closed doors, reaching out and pressed the elevator button.
On the second floor, the noisy motors on the carriage started moving with the swishing wind of low whistles and air pressure. Then the dancing elevator carriage stopped on the first floor. The set of elevator door slid open.
Trux moved first inside the open carriage with a smile and shouted out loud. “Here, archivists! Come here inside this carriage over here. I'll take ya’ll up the second floor,” he slid into the wall corner away near the control panel and reached up, wrapping the soft cord on the handing hand-hold around his muscular arm as both of his hands were decorated in a pair of boxing gloves. The gloves were created by the red-tinted slime paint and could not be removed from each one of his naked hands without ruining the glove. He shouted out loud to the group of rowdy teen visitors. “You need to hold onto something. The elevator ride is rough.”
“It’s an elevator, American.” The teen archivist dashed inside the carriage and leaned against the wall while looking down at the screen on his personal mobile telephone, performing a text to another person within his archive team. He learned quickly that the mobile phone service did not penetrate the pyramid of glass inside the Birmingham Art and Science Center.
Another teen entered with a sneer and then stopped inside the dancing elevator, standing in the middle of the carriage, looking down with a smile at the tiny screen of her personal mobile telephone. “Press the button, American!”
A third teen entered the carriage and stood in the wall corner, sneering at Trux. “Get moving, American! We wanna finish the race and won the grand prize.”
Trux wore a smile and lifted his long, pointing his toes, gently tapping the second-floor button as his slime-created glove could not press the tiny button. He chuckled with amusement. “Here, we go, ya’ll! I will warmingly warn you, right here and right now. You need to hold onto something for the ride up to the second floor.” The set of elevators door closed shut with a loud hiss. Then the carriage with a floor of upright and heated bodies jolted violently to the sideways. Each teen dropped down and hit the side wall or another teen with asset of curses and screams. 
Trux continued to stand, stared, and roamed with evil laughter at all of the fallen teens, who did not heed his warning. “I warmingly warned you. I told you to hold onto something.” Then, the carriage slowly ascended to the second floor.


§


On the second floor, the dancing elevator carriage smoothly halted as Trux swayed side to side from the jolt with soft laughter at the other set of silly teens. Each teen rested down on top of the hard floor or on top of each other while continuing to shout in loud curses or soft screams. The elevator doors parted open.
Trux continued to stare with a chuckle down at each teen on the floor. “Here, we are! This is the second-floor level inside the Archive Ball glass pyramid. Okay! Everyone, please get up and get out! There are four entrance portal openings on this floor to enter inside the guts of the glass pyramid. Good luck to all the archivists!”
The mass of teens slowly stood upright one or two at a time without rushing out from the carriage while touching numerous body parts from the violent collision with another body part in a set of moans and groans.
On the same second floor, within the glass pyramid, the second dancing elevator carriage stayed in place. The set of elevator doors slid open. Lowell continued to stand in the wall corner with a wicked grin and an evil laugh. The set of teens slowly stood upright from the fall and shuffled out from the carriage, slowly pushing through the crowd and moved ahead over the smooth floor to see a set of closed portal doors. The carriage floor quickly emptied with rows of running and yelling teens. Lowell continued to wear a wicked grin in both peace and silence without shuffling the dancing elevator carriage back down to the first-floor level.


§


On the first floor, inside the auditorium room, on the rear rows of the scattered wooden chairs, robot Desktop swiftly rolled sideways and stopped, lifting each wooden back chair and then replaced it back onto the work cart in silence. Then, the robot scooted sideways to a second work cart and stopped, lifting in the air a new longer chair, spinning around, moving ahead and halted, placed the new chair on the same row. 
Dickana slowly paced side to side with a smile in front of the solid wall of glass that displayed the bright sunshine light that beamed down on top of a manicured green colored lawn in the rear of the tall building. The front of the building contained a series of vanilla colored concrete for parking spaces for a vehicle and a walking avenue for a person. She tossed both arms into the air with a smile to see each back spine of every teen. Each teen slowly exited from the auditorium room, moved underneath the short archway on the entrance wall, moving ahead into the lobby.
The back spine on each teen from the country of Ecuador displayed a tall, black-tinted, slime-designed shade tree and finally exited out from the auditorium room as the last archive team raced into the overcrowded lobby space, waiting for one of the dancing elevators. The Ecuador monitor stood upright from her wooden chair and waved at her archive team members, when Desktop steal the chair. The monitor slowly sat back down with a gasp of shock, when Desktop used its two mental arms to save the elderly woman from a terrible and ugly splat down onto the hard-wooden floor. The monitor stood upright with a scream and then rubbed her dizzy forehead in worry.
A set of double doors slid sideways and closed shut sounding with a soft click, entrapping all the archive mentors inside the large auditorium room.
Ms. England Ambassador stood upright from the hard back wooden chair with a gasp and spun around with a worried brow to see the closed doors. Desktop spun around and steered quickly to the spot, stealing the empty wooden chair, returning to the front of the room. The monitor frowned at Dickana and thumbed the steel door on the entrance wall of the auditorium room. “What is the meaning of this, Dickana? I am not a prisoner here in the USA. I am a guest here in America.”
Dickana slowly paced side to side in front of the glass window with the trees, flowers, birds, bees, and cars, wearing a smile at each mentor. “No one is a prisoner here within the Birmingham Art and Science Center. I am ensuring that only each teen archivist receives a fair shot at each artifact without any coaching hint from a native mentor. This is an archive race.”
Ms. Africa Ambassador continued to sit inside the wooden chair and clapped with a nod. “Here! Here! I agree with Dickana. Within the past Archive Balls, I have noted like some that a few unnamed and known and familiar native mentors have sneak out of the mentor lounge room and then swiftly contacted the native teen while giving a hint or two of the more valuable artifacts. That method is called cheating. I completely disapprove and disgust with the concept of cheating.”
Mr. France Ambassador turned and frowned at Mr. Africa Ambassador. “I am one of those unnamed and known and familiar native mentors. Here, here, I sit inside the room with you. And, so what of it, Ms. Africa Ambassador? Each native artifact will be sold to the USA and Dickana as part of the fun of archive hunt and then the archive race among the teens. Each teen will split the monies to assist with payment for a college or vocational school. This is also all beneficial and financial to my country, as well.”
Ms. China Ambassador frowned. “I concur with Ms. Africa Ambassador. The archive race challenges the mind and the energy of each teen. No ancient archivist or wise monitor should try to interfere with slick teen competition.”
Ms. Australia Ambassador nodded with a smile. “And I do believe that Dickana has arranged that one will interfere as well. Bravo, Dickana!”
Mr. Canada Ambassador stood upright from the chair with a sneer. Desktop reached down and grabbed the wooden chair, back stepping from the male, spinning around and toted the chair to the work cart in silence. Mr. Canada Ambassador frowned at Dickana. “What is your robot doing with all the simple wooden furniture pieces, Dickana? We are trapped inside a room with food tables and without sitting chairs now.”
Dickana slowly paced side to side with a smile in front of the glass window. “My helpful robot is named Desktop. He is removing all the hard back wooden chairs and replacing with my new product.”
Mr. Germany Ambassador back stepped with a chuckle and slid down into the new tan colored lounge chair with a smile. “It is a tan colored lounge chair with a built-in foot stool. This is very comfortable and clever, Dickana!”
Dickana continued to pace side to side and stared at each mentor with a smile. “It is more.”
Ms. Sweden Ambassador was Kara Ingvar. She back stepped with a smile and slid down into the closet tan colored lounge chair with a grin, reaching down and tapped on the side control panel. The chair slowly lifted off the floor and hovered in the air eleven inches up from the surface. She laughed with a nod to Dickana. “It is modeled after my invention. Dickana has stolen my concept, a floating lounge chair.”
Dickana stopped the pacing and stood in front of the glass window with a grin. “I did. Everyone, go and grab a plate of food on the side wall. Desktop has rolled inside the auditorium room numerous food tables with numerous trays of hot and cold entrees along with buckets of hot and cold beverages.”
Mr. Dominican Republic Ambassador stood upright from the chair and turned to face the side wall, moving ahead to the food table with a smile. “The teens are off and running in the archive race. What do we do now?”
Desktop continued to substitute a pod of five upright wooden chairs for a single comfortable lounge chair as each mentor sneered or smiled at the robot. The robot did not answer back with a sneer or a smile either.
Dickana continued to stand in front of the glass window and reached out, grabbing, lifting a remote-control device near a smile. “This auditorium room is very special to my heart and your mind. The front of the room is comprised of glass which shows off the nicely manicured lawn. The glass window is built into the glass pyramid that covers the old red bricked building. Each side wall inside the auditorium room is made of glass also. The entrance wall contains the closed steel door and two tables of refreshments. When I press the top green tinted button on my new remote-control device, the side glass walls will illuminate up and act just like a plasma television screen with a live image of the archive hunt. Everyone, please, stand up and twist the hard chair around to one of the side television screens. Or you can press the buttons and fly your floating lounge chair around to one or both of glass television screens. You don’t wanna miss this. I do declare that I’m from the South.” On the entrance wall, the long steel door flashed in an array of bright colors on the metal without an image.
Each mentor stood upright from the chair and spun the furniture around. Some of the mentors continued to invade the food tables. Some of the mentors lounged inside a new floating chair with a plate of food or a cold beverage while watching the one or both television screens.
Dickana stood in the front of the room and turned to view one of the side plasma television screens. “This image is pre-recorded from a few minutes ago, because all of the teams needed to leave the auditorium room, before I could lock everyone inside," she laughed with some of the monitors. The other monitors mumbled and hissed at Dickana.
She pointed at the screen. "The elevator door has opened. And a gang of teens are running towards one of the open portal doors, like a gang of wild animals. Go! Hurry! Rush! Get inside! Each open portal door will close shut in seven seconds. Seven is the sign from heaven. Six is the sign from hell.” Dickana laughed out loud. “This is the interior of the second floor, inside my glass pyramid. The metal is red tinted that matches the floor, the ceiling, and all the walls. However, the hidden camera lens is showing a set of four holes or dark openings. Each one is the entrance portal opening that leads into the guts of the glass pyramid for the archive treasure hunt. Right now, only some of the remaining archive teams are waiting for a new entrance portal hole to open back up as the first wave of archivists are through the first four holes. As I have described before to each archive teen, without a visual effect, when an archive team runs inside the opening, the team can choose from six different staircases. However, each staircase only leads up to the third floor and towards a first set of exhibitions stations. After seven seconds, each entrance portal door will slam shut and lock out the rest of the archive teams for seven long agenizing seconds. Then, the remaining archive teams must wait for the seventh second, when the portal door slides back open. Then, more archive teams can enter the portal creating a second wave. From the first wave of archive teams, it looks like there are lots and lots of archive teams that were left behind,” she soft chuckled alone.
Ms. Russia Ambassador spun around from the food table with a gasp and dropped the plate of food in worry, staring and then pointing at the one of the side television screens. “That…that's my home archive team. That is the Russian archive team. How did they miss the first wave?”
Dickana laughed with a wicked grin, since the archive team from the country of Russia along with the rest of the left behind archive teams was losing the on-going archive race. “I can’t answer that.”
Mr. Italy Ambassador had prepared a plate of food and rested inside the comfortable lounge chair while floating in the air from the floor with an evil laugh and a nasty grin. “I can answer that posed and silly question for Dickana. They are too slow and too old and too stupid. Go and find a chair, sitting back down, Ms. Russia Ambassadork! You're blocking my eyeball view of the fast-paced archive action, while I enjoy the delicious food plate.”
Dickana smiled. “Everyone, please continue to enjoy the food trays and pick out, sitting down inside the lounge chair while enjoying the archive race. Do you see the four closed portal doors on the opposite side of the entrance wall? The seven seconds had expired and some of the teams made it inside the glass pyramid. Now, each portal door is going to swiftly open at a different rate, which is based on the timing of the previous archive team entrance into the tunnel So, the race is on and they are off.” On each television screen, each archive team dashed toward one of the slowly opening entrance portal doors while running and shoving into each other without sound.
Mr. Estonia Ambassador sat inside one of the floating chairs with a confused brow and stared at the metal screen while chewing the food. “I can’t hear the sneers or the shouts.”
Dickana smiled. “The screen does not have sound for that purpose. Now, I can’t tell which archive teams have entered the dark archway, since everyone still continues to trip over each other. Now, the door will stay open for six, five, four, three, two and one seconds.” On the screen, each archive team had dashed into one of the four entrance portal doors. “Okay. The second floor is still not empty of teams but scattered non-injured or maybe injured body parts,” she laughed with some of the other monitors
“Where is my archive team, Dickana?” Ms. Bahamas Ambassador had prepared a plate of food and rested inside the comfortable lounge chair while floating in the air off from the floor, eating and chewed the food, staring at the one of the television wall screens.
Dickana pointed at each individual television screen on each side wall with a smile. "This television screen is unique. The screen will display floor levels starting on the second floor going to towards the ninth floor. Each floor level is horizontal with the numbered floor on the side. The unique camera lenses on each floor will adjust and find a warm human body or a group of warm human bodies and then display the image on the screen on the proper floor. If there are numerous and scattered warm bodies on the same floor, the smart plasma device will split the images twice or more times for you to eyewitness the action that is occurring in right time. Right now, you can see the second floor displays one of the dancing elevators that holds numerous teens, who appear to be resting down on the floor for a nap," she laughed alone and then smiled. “That is an excellent question, Ms. Bahamas Ambassador. So, we should try to find the other missing or misplaced archive teams. Now, I will press the second green tinted button on my remote-control device. Each television screen quickly changes before your two eyeballs.” The side wall flicked with an array of colors and then cleared, presenting an enclosed tunnel that glowed in the tone of yellow showing the back spine on Gemma stood in front of last exhibition station.
Mr. Mexico Ambassador slid down into the new floating chair with a plate of food and stared with a confused brow at the new screen. “What is that?”
Ms. Nigeria Ambassador frowned at the new metal screen and the teen female. “That is one of the teens, not a what. The female teen is all alone as in solo without other teammates. Where are her other team mates, Dickana? Who is the lone female, Dickana?”
Dickana recognized the pink-tinted, slimed-painted egg shell on her own teen archivist Gemma and smiled at the television screen. “Well, it would appear, one archive team is smarter than the rest. Each archive teen member has split apart to find and collect all the artifacts for the grand prize that will be received inside the capstone on the tenth floor at midnight during the official Archive Ball.”
Ms. Zimbabwe Ambassador sat inside one the new floating chairs with a plate of food and stared with a confused brow at the new screen. “That's not fair for my archive team and the other invited archive teams. This is a team event, not an individual racing sport for one winner of the grand prize there at the official Archive Ball. Do something, Dickana! Make that female go back and find her other three archive team members!”
Kara turned inside the floating chair and nodded with a grin to Dickana while addressing the other professional archivists. “This is the Archive Ball. Nothing here is fair here or there or everywhere. The smartest archive team wins it all. Is that not correct, Dickana?”
Dickana turned and winked to Kara, her swore enemy and professional friend, “Yes, that is correct, Miss Sweden Ambassador. We created all the rules for each archive team, without a set of boundaries. Or each archive team member can create a set of creative boundaries. The only rule that stands is that each archive team is located inside the glass pyramid and cannot escape…”
“What does that mean?” Mr. Panama Ambassador frowned at the screen and continued to consume his food plate.
“I meant that each archive team must climb up the steps and appear on the tenth floor, inside the capstone, before a grand prize award is declared by the winning archive team.” Dickana stared at the back spine of Gemma.
Mr. Angola Ambassador smiled. “We should remedy this and that particular situation for the next year's Archive Ball. We should create a new rule that every archive team member must stuck together, like sticky honey inside a honeycomb. Or the archive team and each team member will forfeit all the artifacts and the grand prize and the attendance to the Archive Ball.”
“I concur.” Mr. Brazil Ambassador nodded with a smile.
“I second.” Ms. Chile Ambassador grinned and then consumed the food items on her plate.
Mr. Luxembourg Ambassador pointed at the side wall with a smile. “Look! Look! She found the artifact. Once she names the artifact and then retrieves the item, she will leave that specific exhibition station and then locate the second one. That female is very good at this archive hunt. She will win the grand prize. I am most assuredly,” he leaned down and ate the food while watching the action on the screen.


§


On the third floor in a pale blue metal glow, solo American archivist Gemma stepped off the top step and turned to the side wall, dashing down a smooth avenue of metal in anticipation and excitement of finding an artifact, skidding to halt with a smile and a whisper in front of the first exhibition stand. “I found one. I really found an exhibition stand that Dickana had described from her vocal instructions. Wow! Dickana didn't lie to the teen, this time.”
On the forward wall of pale blue metal, there was a short podium of glowing red tinted metal with a pale blue tinted hologram keyboard on top of the metal stand where the archivist must enter the correct title to snatch up the new artifact for extraction. On the forward wall above the exhibition stand, there was a set of big and bold black tinted capital letters in print: England.
She stared at the word and said with a whisper. “England. The artifact had been shipped from the country of England,” she looked down with a smile and studied a short pile of brown tinted dirt. “So, the brown dirt had been shipped from the county of England along with the true artifact, also. What could be underneath the brown pile of dirt? I don’t know. I’m so excited. I want to know. I want the artifact. Okay. Calm down! When I touch and perturb the soil of brown dirt, the computer clock will start to tick away the seconds, until it hits the number six. Then, something terrible with happen. Or something good will happen to me. I should be with my other three archive team mates. No! I made this decision to be alone. I wanna be alone. I wanna win. Okay! Do this!”
Gemma swiftly buried both pair of naked hands down into the soft brown tinted dirt. The forward wall sounded with a soft ping and then showed the math number of one while slowing counting to the number six with a matching soft ping.
“O no! The time clock has started. I have six seconds to figure out the artifact,” both her hands touched an object and as she whipped the brown dirt side to side in panic.
The forward wall sounded with a soft pin and then showed the math number of two while slowly counting to the number of six. She gasped in alarm. “O no! There is an invisible force field around the object. I can’t grab onto the object. Yes, I must announce the object to the computer,” she jerked both hands up into the air and away from the invisible force field with a worried brow.
The forward wall sounded with a soft pin and then showed the math number of three while slowly counting to the number of six. She exhaled with worry. “It is a piece of paper with the picture of Queen Elizabeth, II. Of course, this is an English pound,” she yelled at the metal wall of bright yellow tint, “English pound, the artifact is an English pound.”
The forward wall sounded with a soft pin and then stopped at the math number of four. She exhaled with worry. “That’s not enough time to figure out a more complex artifact. I must decide very rapidly the name of the second artifact. “
The spilled brown tinted dirt on top of the hard surface violently shifted side to side and then was sucked back down into the metal cabinet. On the floor, the spilled dirt wiggled side to side and then dropped down into a set of open tiny groves down into the floor. Then, the single piece of paper that was an English pound currency gently wiggled around on top of the empty hard metal surface. She reached down and snatched up the object near a grin with a laugh. “I have collected my first stolen artifact for my treasure without my greedy team mates. Yay! I’m going to win the competition. And there are lots more of these artifacts, my love,” she dropped down on one knee and jerked the backpack from the collar bone onto the floor, slipping the English pound down into the backpack for storage, standing upright with a smile of giggles. Gemma turned to face the side wall of metal and took the staircase to the fourth floor, whispering for her eardrums only. "O no! I hear faint voices and noisily footsteps. The other archive team members from the dancing elevator carriage have arrived inside the second-floor tunnel and are on the third-floor level and are following me. I need to leave and find the Sweden exhibition that will contain Thor's Hammer coin that will save the life of my dying mother. I don't need to mess around with anymore of the exhibitions, only the Swedish one." 
Then, a new pile of brown colored dirt magically and swiftly built back into a new triangular shaped pile on top of the hard metal surface for a second time from the working computer chip.


§


Back on the second floor, the first portal door opened for entrance into the archive pyramid and hunt, the archive team from the country of Australia consisting of Miss Sunburn, Mr. Sun, Mr. Boxing Kangaroo, and Miss Soccer all yelled out loud in victory and then violently shoved away each annoying teen body, running ahead and entered the first portal opening. The leader of the Australia team climbed the first staircase inside the tunnel and stopped on the third floor in pale blue metal glow, scanning the numerous exhibitions that appeared untouched.
Each pair of eardrums could hear the victorious shouts of success in grabbing a hidden artifact coming from the archive team members from the countries of China and Canada that entered the portal hole during the first wave, a few seconds ago.
Miss, Sunburn, the leader of the team turned and sneered to her fellow mates. “There’s nothing left here on the third floor for us. Forget about all the exhibition podiums up here. Each treasure is gone now. The archive teams from China, Canada, Switzerland, and that solo American female..."
"Why is that American girl running on solo? She isn't supposed to do that. Why is she doing that? Where are her American teammates?" Mr. Sun sneered at his leader.
The leader frowned. "I don't know. We don't have time to tattle. We need to go and do our job and the archive hunt as dictated by our monitor. Race up! We take the side wall of stairs and move up the fourth floor, where there are more artifacts!” She spun around with a smile, slid into the side wall of metal with a chuckled, climbing up the staircase to the fourth floor.
Back inside the second floor, the archive team from the country of Philippines, the four petite girls ran ahead and scooted around all of the tall bodies, running behind the last back spine of the last Australian teen into the semi-dark yellow tinted one number tunnel also. The team stopped and stared at the options, seeing six different staircases. The leader of the Philippines team that displayed a semi-naked dark-skinned body and a white tinted face with a matching white tinted hand club pointed her club at the middle staircase. “Go! Win! Beat anyone that gets in your way! We take the middle staircase and grab all the other artifacts from the nasty Chinese, Canadians, Swiss, and Australians. Follow me, ladies!” The leader dashed ahead and slowly climbed up the steep staircase of 25 steps in her tree costumer in front of her teammates.
Then, the first entrance portal closed shut with a loud hiss for seven seconds.
The entrance portal number four slid upwards and exposed a semi-dark tunnel.
Two separate archive teams coming from the countries of Spain and Egypt, the eight individual teens ran ahead together, entered entrance portal number three and then halted in a large huddle of heated bodies, staring at the six staircases within the aqua colored tunnel.
Miss Queen, the leader of the Spanish archive team quickly made the decision and raced ahead, running up the two staircase and shouted out her command. “Go up to the fourth floor! Forget about the third floor. The artifacts are all gone here.” She turned to the side and quickly dashed down the opposite side of the hallway, shoving and then passing more of the other archivists that were trying to guess new artifact within the exhibition stand. She reached the end of the side wall and climbed up to the fourth floor.
Mr. Pharaoh, the leader of the Egyptian archive team raced up the same second staircase and sneered at the back spine on the last Spanish teen. “We follow the Spaniards and then beat them to each exhibition station. Then, we grab the artifact first.” He climbed the staircase to the third floor inside the glass pyramid with his teammates behind his back spine.
Then, entrance portal number four closed shut with a loud hiss for seven seconds.
Entrance portal number three slid open with an individual soft hiss.
The other archive teens continued to rest down on a bloody face and a sore body on top of the dirty metal surface, after the four vicious archive teams from the countries of Sweden, Japan, the Bahamas, and Africa had reached out and shoved each person down to the floor to ran and entered into the third entrance portal.
Entrance portal number two opened and revealed a semi-dark tunnel.
The archive teams from Ecuador, Germany, and France raced ahead and shoved more of the other archivist back down to the floor, racing inside the new portal for the archive hunt. 
Some of the nicer archive teens stood upright and squatted down to assist a teammate or a new friend while taking too much time. Then, the second entrance portal opening slid shut with an individual soft hiss. All the other teens loudly sounded with a soft moan of disappointment\


§


On the third floor, the archive team from Switzerland, Mr. Templar Knight number-four stopped and stood on top of the avenue of pale blue with a smile and as the real sword rattled side to side against his leg. “We go to the left side of the avenue and find the first exhibition podium.” The rest of his team mates gathered around him. 
Mr. Templar Knight number-three sneered with worry. “No! We should logically start at the end of the tunnel of pale blue hue and work our way back to this entrance point while grabbing, collecting all the new artifact from each exhibition podium. Then, we all will march up the fourth floor and collect the other artifacts.”
Mr. Templar Knight number-two snarled. “We are wasting our useful time with silly arguments. I can hear each faint voice coming from a petite body, black-tinted, slime-colored archive team members from the country of China.”
Mr. Templar Knight number four growled to each team mate. “No. We will run into the other archive teams, after they have grabbed the artifact. We go to the left and find the first exhibition podium and then steal the artifact and work our way to the end. Then we will fight our way back to this point. Go!”
Mr. Templar Knight number-one and team leader exhaled with annoyance at his three friends. "No! We are here for a different purpose. We'll leave the third-floor avenue, right now. I can hear the loud voices and the running footsteps from the gathering archive team members. We will climb up and land on the fifth floor and finish our task. Move it and follow me!" He spun around and faced the side wall, racing down an empty avenue, skidding to a halt and climbed the side wall staircase with each friend behind his back spine.
On the same third floor at the other end of the avenue, the team leader of the archive team from Canada, Mr. Canadian Mountie stopped and stood in front of the next exhibition podium slightly at the end of the avenue, wearing a smile and a chuckle of happiness. The exhibition station was colored in pale blue that matched the floor, the ceiling, and the walls. On top of the hard surface, there was a pink tinted holographic keyboard and a pile of green colored little tree leaves which hid the artifact. Above the triangular pile of tree leaves, the wall showed the big and bold word in black capital letters: Japan.
Miss Dog turned with a sneer to see an empty avenue with worry. “Don’t bother reading out loud the wall or describing the colorful soil. Wipe off the tree leaves and grab the artifact! I hear a set of faint voices. The rest of the archive teams have entered through the same tunnel with us.”
Mr. Dead Fly turned with a worried bro to see the same empty avenue, “Me, too!”
The leader, Mr. Canadian Mountie leaned down and scattered all the green colored tree leaves. The forward wall sounded with a soft ping and then showed the math number of one while slowing counting to the number six with a matching soft ping. He wiped off the rest of the leaves and gasped at the object on top of the hard surface with a smile. “It is a teacup.” The forward wall sounded with a soft pin and then showed the math number of two while slowly counting to the number of six. 
Mr. Pesticide gasped in alarm. “No, don’t say that! A glove is not a glove is not a glove. A teacup is not a teacup is a not a teacup. This one does not have a handle like an English teacup. This is an original artifact that comes from the country of Japan. A drinking Japanese teacup, without a handle, for a guy, not a girl.”
The forward wall sounded with a soft ping and stopped at the math number of three. Then, the invisible shield lifted and exposed the naked artifact. The leader reached down and touched, swiftly grabbing up the teacup and placed it inside the triangle backpack for storage. The scattered green colored tiny tree leaves on top of the hard surface violently shifted side to side and then was sucked back down into the metal cabinet. On the floor, the scattered tree leaves wiggled side to side and then dropped down into a set of open tiny groves down into the floor. The team leader spun around from the podium with a smile and dashed down the pale blue tinted avenue. “Let’s move out! I hear more voices that are coming near us. We must finish collecting all the new artifacts on this second pale blue tinted hallway, before the other teams occupy the space. The opposite hallway of pale blue is lost to us. Then we will move up the fourth floor. We’re doing great. We have collected two artifacts already.”
Then, the new pile of tiny green colored tiny tree leaves appeared and then formed in a new triangle on top of the metal podium for a second time by the computer chip.


§


Back on the second floor, Trux continued to chuckle at each impatient and silly teen visitor while watching each one stand upright from the floor and then wobble sideways from their minor pain ailments, without permanent bodily injury, slowly pacing ahead towards one of the closed or opened portal doors. Then Trux lifted up his leg and pointed his toes, gently tapping the first-floor button with his red tinted slime-painted boxing shoe, dropping his leg back down to the floor. The elevator door closed shut. Then the carriage danced violently heading back down to the first floor.
On the first floor, the carriage stopped and then opened the door. The other anxious teens dashed into the carriage and stood upright, leaning into each other, facing the rear wall. Trux performed the same task while chuckling with amusement, watching the third wave of teens tumble over each other and then finally down onto the floor. He enjoyed the entertainment. The carriage stopped again.
Each teen slowly stood upright from the floor and wobbled ahead while moaning and sneering with the harsh surprise, slowly moving ahead into the second-floor level, slowly dashing into one of the four open portal doors.
The second dancing elevator carriage was opened and held Lowell, who continued to chuckle at the wave of silly archive teenagers for fun, without entering the portal door or moving the carriage back down to the first floor. He mentally thought of exiting the building and hailing a taxi cab, quitting the internship program. Dickana, again, had betrayed the four American teens. 
The archive primary rule: each archive team must work together in order to participate in the archive hunt. 
However, his new American archive friend Gemma had ran off from the elevator carriage with the first wave of teens and entered one of the portal tunnels, looking for the Thor's Hammer artifact as she had revealed her secret to Lowell, saving her mom's life force from cancer.
Lowell realized Gemma's goal was a nobler deed than his desire to collect one or two rare artifacts. So, he would hang out in the lobby and wait until the archive hunt was done. Then he would attend the archive ball for dinner and dancing with some of the prettier teens.
A few minutes later, the room was empty, and each portal door was closed shut. 
Inside the first dancing elevator carriage, Trux performed the same task using his toe and enjoyed the elevator ride back down to the first floor, during the violent dance of the clever machine. 
The carriage stopped on the first floor. The door slid open and revealed Victoriana. She stood in front of the carriage and slowly moved ahead, veering with a smile towards Trux.
Trux frowned and stared into the lobby space, studying the auditorium room. "Hey, now! There's a steel door blocking the auditorium room. That door was not there before. Why's it there?"
She stopped and slowly spun around, standing in front of Trux, staring into the lobby room. "I was standing out there in the lobby hearing Dickana provide more instructions to the visiting archive monitors and then I heard a loud swish. When I slowly twisted around, I saw the massive silver tinted steel door covering the entranceway of the auditorium room. I think Dickana has trapped all of the older archive monitors inside that room, so one of them can't fix the archive hunt," she laughed with Trux.
He nodded with a smile. "Yeah, that's sound like Dickana. That woman never misses anything. Hold onto me! I'm ready to go up to the second floor. Uh! Can you reach the second-floor button for me too?"
"Yeah!" She cuddled into his naked chest and held onto his muscular arm, reaching up, tapping the second-floor button. The elevator door closed.
The carriage started its dance sequence and as Trux clutched onto Victoriana. She screamed in fun.


§


On the first floor, inside the auditorium room, inside her floating lounge chair on the front of the entrance wall, Dickana nodded with a smile at the rear wall. “I did not address the posed question from Ms. Bahamas Ambassador. But, now, I should try to find the archive team from the Bahamas Islands. I press the third green tinted button on my remote-control device. Then the other glass wall changes, before your two eyeballs.” The other side wall flicked with an array of colors and then cleared, presenting an enclosed tunnel that glowed in the tone of pale blue. “This is the third floor of the glass pyramid.” On the screen, a set of teens appeared and then collided inside the archway of the tunnel. Each ambassador laughed, except for the ambassadors from the native countries that viewed each one of the archive team members.
“That…that's my archive team from my country. What happened to them?” Ms. Spain Ambassador gasped at the screen.
“I do believe that the countries of Spain, England, Greece, Australia, and some of the other countries all bumped foreheads while not trying to locate an artifact,” Mr. Jordan Ambassador laughed.
“There are too many teens inside the glass pyramid.” Ms. Iceland Ambassador frowned at the television screen.
“There are always too many teens during the race of the Archive Ball. That's what makes the archive hunt so much fun and interesting.” Mr. Rwanda Ambassador ate and chewed the food inside the floating chair up from the floor with a grin while watching the screen with the archive teens on the third floor.


§


On the third floor in the pale blue metal glow, inside the lump of bodies, junior archivist Mr. British King from the archive team of England reached out and grabbed up his pyramid-shaped backpack from the floor with a growl, standing upright with a sneer, leaning down to assist junior archivist Miss British Queen to stand next to him. He shouted out loud in fury at his other team members. “Get up archive team members from the country of England! We race towards our first exhibition station,” he leaned over and grabbed the hand of his female love, dashing ahead from the lump of bodies down the opposite side of the avenue. He stopped and stood in front of their first exhibition station inside the same hallway with a smile. The rest of his teammates stopped and surrounded the leader.
The first exhibition station was colored in pale blue that matched the floor, the ceiling, and the walls with a pink tinted holographic keyboard and a pile of green colored little tree leaves, which hid the artifact. Above the triangular pile of tree leaves, the wall showed the big and bold word in black capital letters: Japan.
Miss Teacup stared down with a smile at the pile of tiny green tinted leaves. “This is the original artifact from the country of Japan. Get it. Grab it now!”
Junior archivist Miss Bobbie police officer pointed at the end of the hallway with a stern face. “No. We should go all the way down to the end of the hallway and get that artifact first.”
Miss British Queen frowned down at the pile of tiny tree leaves. “We don’t have time. Don’t bother reading out loud the wall or describing the colorful soil. Wipe off the tiny tree leaves and grab the artifact! The other archive teams are standing upright from the floor without a dizzy headache and will race ahead of us.”
The leader, Mr. British King leaned down and scattered all the green colored tree leaves with a smile and both hands. The forward wall sounded with a soft ping and then showed the math number of one while slowing counting to the number six with a matching soft ping. The leader continued to wipe off the rest of the leaves and gasped at top of the hard surface with a confused brow. The forward wall sounded with a soft pin and then showed the math number of two while slowly counting to the number of six. He frowned. “I can’t find an artifact.”
Miss British Queen gasped down at the hard surface on top of the exhibition station. “It is gone already by another team.” The forward wall sounded with a soft ping and then showed the math number of three while slowly counting to the number of six.
Miss Bobbie turned with a gasp to see the set of teens. “The archive team of the Greece gods and goddesses are coming this way.” Then, the ceiling panel slid to the side. A solid wall dropped down from the ceiling and blocked the foot path of the advancing archive team mates from the country of Greece, separating the hallway and the first exhibition station for Japan.
The forward wall sounded with a soft pin and then showed the math number of three while slowly counting to the number of six.
 “What happened?” Miss Teacup looked up with a confused brow to see the solid wall.
Miss Bobbie smiled at the solid wall. “It is the trap door for the archive team from the country of Greece. Dickana said that a secret wall will fall down between the fighting archive teams to protect the artifact.” The forward wall sounded with a soft pin and then showed the math number of three while slowly counting to the number of six.
Miss Teacup bounced up and down with a smile of happiness, “Yay!”
“Nay!” The leader wiped all the tiny leaves with a sour frown away from the hard surface without seeing an object. “There isn’t an artifact.” The forward wall sounded with a soft ping and stopped at the math number of four. 
Miss British Queen back stepped from the Japan exhibition station with a gasp and a worried brow. “Get away from the station right now! The floor will drop open and then eat all of us. Get away right now! The artifact has been stolen. So, go to the next station and find that artifact instead!”
The scattered green colored tiny tree leaves on top of the hard surface violently shifted side to side and then was sucked back down into the metal cabinet. On the floor, the scattered tree leaves wiggled side to side and then dropped down into a set of open tiny groves down into the floor.
The team leader and Miss British Queen both spun around from the station with a worried brow and dashed down the pale blue tinted avenue. He shouted out loud. “Move to the next exhibition station! Find the artifact on the pale tinted avenue before all the other archive teams. Don’t bother to hunt on the opposite side of avenue of pale blue! All the other artifacts have been found by now. Then we will move up the fourth floor and collect more artifacts.” The two other teammates spun around with a stern face to see the end of the hallway and followed behind the back spine of Mr. British King and Miss British Queen.
Then, the new pile of tiny green colored tiny tree leaves appeared and then formed in a new triangle on top of the metal podium for the sixteenth time and as the wall clock turned back into black hue by the computer chip.


§


On the first floor, inside the auditorium room, Ms. England Ambassador sat inside her new floating chair with a smile and tossed both of her arms into the air, shouting with a cheer of happiness, “Yay! Yay! My smart team of archivists figured out that the artifact was missing on that exhibition station, so they are still in the race. Go team, England! Go, my young archivists!”
“So, they did. So, they didn’t. So, they don’t have one single artifact yet.” Ms. Malaysia Ambassador sat inside the floating chair with a grin and stared at the side wall while eating the delicious food.
Ms. England Ambassador turned and growled at the woman. “Shut up, Ms. Malaysia!”
Ms. Togo Ambassador smiled at the side screen. “When will we see the other floors inside the glass pyramid, Dickana? Right now, we're only seeing the second, third, and fourth floors.”


§


On the second-floor level, the dancing elevator carriage stopped. Then the door slid open. Victoriana slowly moved ahead in her long, heavy dress, stopping a few feet inside an empty room, staring at the three of the open portal doors.
Inside the second dancing elevator, Lowell spotted Victoriana and dashed out from the carriage floor, standing beside her. "Which portal door do we take, ya'll?"
Trux exited the first dancing elevator carriage and stood on the other side of Victoriana, turning to smile at Lowell. "Where have you been hiding out, President Lincoln?"
Lowell slapped his chest with a smile. "I'll been up here waiting for my American archive team. However, I am wasting my time. Gemma shot out of the dancing elevator with the first wave of teens and entered the first portal door. I bet she is half-way up towards the capstone by now."
"What!" Victoriana turned and frowned at Lowell and then Trux. "Please! O please! Tell me that she did not do that to us!"
Trux laughed. "She did."
"She did." Lowell laughed and kept Gemma's secret for abandoning her teammates.
"Gemma!" She frowned and shook her fake curls at Trux. "I should've guessed that she would spoil my fun. She has been spoiling fun, since we joined the program.
Trux frowned. "How is Gemma spoiling your fun, Victoriana? You don't know her, do you?"
Victoriana turned and stared at the four portal doors. "What do we do now?"
Lowell pointed at one of the portal doors. "I suggest that we go and try and one artifact. If it is a gold nugget or a gem stone, I get it. If it is something else, you, two can fight over it and the winner can keep for the rest of their life." He laughed with his friends.
The two different portal doors slid open. Victoriana slowly moved ahead with her friends. After seven seconds, the door slid down and closed shut. She stopped and frowned with annoyance. "I can’t even walk fast enough to the open portal door in my long dress. Why didn't Dickana tell us more about the archive hunt within the archive ball?"
Dickana likes for us to ask question and inquire about stuff." Trux nodded with a smile at the four closed doors.
"Dickana is training us for the real world, where a wrong decision is deadly." Lowell frowned at the four closed doors.
The fourth portal door slid open. Victoriana gasped in shock and turned, slowly dashing ahead in her long slime-painted dress towards the new opening. Six seconds later, the door slammed shout. She stopped and tossed both of her hands with each object, frowning at the closed door. "Well, that's it for me! I'll officially outta of the archive hunt, the archive treasures, and the archive ball. I can't waddle or wiggle or wobble to one of the open doors. Poo-wee!"
"Naw!" Trux leaned down and grabbed her arm. "Grab her other arm, Lowell! When the next door opens, we lift Victoriana and her dress up from the floor and race over the floor, entering the open portal. Then, we are all inside the glass pyramid."
Lowell frowned. "I agree with her. Victoriana can't climb the stairs in that dress."
He reached over and flicked the hat on Lowell with a smile. "Then, we act as a pair of southern gentle men and help the southern belle up the stairs, President Lincoln. I think the presidential slime paint is already affecting his mind," Trux laughed with Victoriana. Lowell sneered.
The second portal door slid open. 
They lifted Victoriana up from the floor and rushed ahead, dragging her long blue dress over the metal surface, successfully entering the tunnel, before the deadline, and then stopped inside the semi-dark room, gently dropping down Victoriana onto the floor. Each male released her arm and scanned the room in silence.
The entrance portal door slid down and then locked into the floor with a soft click, creating a semi-darkness atmosphere inside the long tunnel.
Inside tunnel number two, a set of embedded overhead ceiling lights built into the ceiling, where the four metal walls, the ceiling, and the floor illuminated in color yellow, without the bright natural bands of sunlight or a bright hand-held flashlight. The three members of the archive team gasped in shock and stared at the metal staircase.
Lowell frowned. "Ugh! I see a tall and semi-hidden staircase that leads up to the third floor. She can't climb that thing. I don't wanna climb that thing."
Victoriana didn't speak but stared at the six different staircases, "Which one do we take?"
Trux smiled and pointed at first staircase. "Let's take the staircase on the far left and see what the third floor looks like. Grab her arm, again, Lowell." He reached down and grabbed her arm.
Lowell grabbed her arm. Trux shouted out loud. "Lift her up from the floor on three. One. Two. Three." Both of the males lifted Victoriana with a heavy groan and slowly paced ahead covering the distance, placing her feet with a dangling dress tail on top of the first step.
Lowell exhaled with annoyance and looked up, studying the staircase. "The staircase does not end."
"And we do not quit either! We will lift up Victoriana and carry her every two steps. Can you handle her weight on your end, Presidential Lincoln?"
He frowned. "Yes, I can do that." 
Trux smiled. "One. Two. Three." They lifted Victoriana up from the first step and slowly climbed two steps, sitting her back down on the metal step.
He frowned. "This is going to take us all day long."
"Then we can reach the capstone and arrive in time for the archive ball." Victoriana laughed.  
Trux smiled. "One. Two. Three." They repeated the process while toting Victoriana up twenty-five steps.


§


On the fifth-floor level, in the color of bright red metal, without the bright sunlight, only a row of bright overhead lamps. The red metal matched the floor, the ceiling, and the walls.
The leader of the archive team from the country of Switzerland dashed off the last step and turned onto the avenue, racing ahead and then passed numerous colorful exhibitions without a vocal explanation. He stopped and stood in the middle of the avenue, facing a pale blue stand with a pink tinted holographic keyboard and a pile of orange colored sand underneath the invisible force field that hid the untouched and secret artifact. Above the pile of orange colored sand, the wall showed the big and bold word in black capital letters: India.
He smiled. “We are in possession of great luck. We have found the correct exhibition podium on the fifth floor, before anyone else. Gather around me! I will call out the name and then snatch the artifact.” The three other members stopped and gathered around the team leader in silence. The leader examined the podium. “The exhibition station looks exactly like the demonstration event inside the auditorium room by Dickana Walbash. There is a pale blue metal stand with a pink tinted holographic keyboard.”
Mr. Templar Knight number-four smiled. “You don’t need to use the holographic keyboard. Reach out and touch the orange colored dirt, wiping the soil away to reveal the artifact.”
“Here, I go!” The leader exhaled with a huff of excitement and leaned down, touching the grains of orange tinted sand.
The forward wall sounded with a soft ping and then showed the math number of one while slowing counting to the number six with a matching soft ping.
“Hurry, leader! The time clock has started. You have six seconds to clear off all the orange tinted sand and figure out the native artifact from the country of India,” Mr. Templar Knight number-two gasped in panic.
The forward wall sounded with a soft pin and then showed the math number of two while slowly counting to the number of six. 
The leader wiped off the sand and gasped at the object on top of the hard surface with a smile. “What is that? There is an invisible force field around the object. I can’t touch it,” his hand reached out and tapped on the invisible shield with a sour frown.
The forward wall sounded with a soft pin and then showed the math number of three while slowly counting to the number of six.
“The orange sand and the artifact come from the country of India,” Mr. Templar Knight number-three smiled, “Red ruby gem stone. Red ruby gem stone. Grab it now! The invisible shield should be lifted and eliminated around the artifact.”
The leader reached down and touched, slowly grabbing up the ruby gem stone near a smile. “It is so beautiful.”
The forward wall sounded with a soft pin and then stopped at the math number of four.
Mr. Templar Knight number-two pointed with a gasp at the forward wall. “Look! The wall clock stopped at four seconds. We must be quicker with our retrieval system.”
Mr. Templar Knight number-four pointed with a smile at the gem stone. “We must be rich with lots of money. At the end of the competition, we keep each artifact and exchange it for cash monies.”
The spilled orange tinted sand on top of the hard surface violently shifted side to side and then was sucked back down into the metal cabinet. On the floor, the spilled sand wiggled side to side and then dropped down into a set of open tiny groves down into the floor.
Mr. Templar Knight number-three smiled, “Yay!”
Mr. Templar Knight number-two spun around to face an empty tunnel and shouted out loud with a smile for the new order. Go! We need to move down to the next exhibition podium and become swifter to find each artifact.”
No!" The leader scooted into the huddle and blocked all of his friends. "We are to stay here and perform our job. Watch this!"
Then, a new pile of orange tinted sand magically and swiftly built into a new triangular pile on top of the hard metal surface and then wall clock erased the math number and turned back into black hue for a second time by the computer chip.
What are you doing, Luca?" Mr. Templar Knight number-three frowned at the exhibition. "We took the artifact. There is nothing more there."
"There is much more here that cannot be seen with the naked eyeballs." The leader dunked both of his naked hands down into the orange tinted soil again while laughing out loud and scattered the soil over the tiny surface while the wall clock started counting from zero and then one second.
Mr. Templar Knight number-four pointed with a worried brow at the orange soil. "What are you doing, Luca? We need to leave. Else..."
Underneath the feet of each archivist, a metal panel slid opened and revealed a set of invisible air molecules. The four teens dropped down into the deep, dark pit and screamed in terror. The same metal panel closed shut and locked the four teens down into the dangerous trap.
Then, a new pile of orange tinted sand magically and swiftly built into a new triangular pile on top of the hard metal surface and then wall clock erased the math number and turned back into black hue for a second time by the computer chip.


§


On the third floor in pale light blue tone, Lowell stepped onto the new metal floor first, then Trux, placing Victoriana down onto the surface.
Lowell released her arm and slowly moved ahead from his teammates with a smile and then stopped in the middle of the floor. "Well, this not lovely, but metal. The entire space consisting of walls, floor, and ceiling is all metal. Her fleet of robots were very busy last night while I snoozed. I didn't hear any thunder or clicks or clashes."
Trux stood beside Victoriana and pointed towards the side wall with a smile. "We are slightly less than in the middle of the avenue in pale blue hue. We should move down this side of the avenue towards the side wall and take the staircase up to the fourth floor."
Victoriana turned onto the avenue and slowly moved ahead with Trux while examining each stationary exhibition, without touching the stand and triggering the wall clock for the hidden artifact. "How many foreign countries were invited to the Archive Ball? Dickana likes to leave out information."
Lowell continued to slowly pace ahead and was dressed in a yellow-colored long suit jacket, a pair of green-tinted long trousers, a top hat in the color of purple, and a trimmed beard of black tint, reaching up, ripping down the front pocket on the long jacket, exposing his unharmed and naked pale skin. He reached inside the belt loop on his white tinted trousers and retrieved his personal mobile telephone. The phone would not connect to the outside mobile telephone tower for a personal call to his parents, but Lowell could play on the local internet waves through the phone while slowly climbing up the hundred of stairs that led inside the capstone the tenth floor for the upcoming archive ball.
Trux studied the avenue walls, floor, ceiling, and each stationary exhibition stand also without touching the stand, still wearing a pair of red-colored boxing shorts that came even with the kneecaps, a naked chest of dark skin with muscles, a pair of red colored boxing shoes, and a pair of oversized boxing gloves that looked to be the large size of bathroom trashcan over both hands. He smiled. "I quickly counted 43 countries, but I could have not missed one or two."
Lowell stopped in place and spun around with a gasp, staring at Trux.  "How in the universe did you count and distinguish all of the different foreign countries, sitting or standing or snarling inside the first-floor auditorium room? I couldn't do that."
He winked at his co-worker. "I don't know. I just did." Trux leaned down and whispered into the cheekbone on Victoriana. "The number of reserved countries was listed on the Center's web site last night when I was playing around on my phone inside our room, waiting for Lowell to stop primping or pimping or prettying his naked body inside our shared lavatory," he stood upright and smiled at Lowell.
Victoriana giggled with amusement and then gasped at Lowell. "Where did you get that phone?"
Lowell gasped in alarm and cuddled his phone. "This is my phone. I wrapped it around my belt loop and then covered my body in slime. However, I had to rip off the slime-painted jacket to expose my body and retrieve my phone."
She stopped with a smile and extended one hand to Trux. "Please, grab and pull on my torch, Trux!"
Trux turned and frowned down at torch, "Really!"
She smiled. "Really! Yes, please, rip off the torch that covers my naked hand!" Trux reached down and grabbed the torch easily pulling off the glove on her hand, dropping the torch down on the metal floor. "Thank you!" She wiggled her natural, naked fingers in the air with a smile, "That slime paint is cool, but my fingers were suffocating." She removed the tablet from her other hand and dropped the ripped slime item down on the floor, reaching down, ripping off the bottom hem of her long dress and exposed her sun-tanned, naked leg. On her thigh, her mobile telephone was wrapped onto a garter belt. She jerked the phone from her leg and stood upright, wiggling the item near her smile with laughter. Lowell gasped in shock.
Trux placed one of the oversized gloves in the form of a tiny cylinder-shaped trashcan underneath his arm, making lots of farting sounds first while laughing. Then he jerked the glove from his hand and exposed his naked hand, wiggling his five fingers in the air and then repeated the procedure, wiggling all ten fingers near his smile. He reached down and ripped a tiny section on the high waistband, exposing his naked skin and his personal mobile telephone, laughing out loud and retrieved his phone. "Well, we do belong on the same team. We all think alike. Let's go and find that archive food."
Lowell pointed at Victoriana with a sour frown. "First, she needs to rip more of her long bridal dress from her body, which is slowing all of us down. Each floor is twenty steps high. There are ten floors, but we are on the third floor already. So, there are seven more floors with twenty steps that equals 140 individual steps to climb to the top of the building, before the midnight, when the ball ends. I can't hear or see any of the other archivists on the third floor, because everyone of them are two or three floors above us right now."
She nodded. "All right! I understand." Victoriana reached down and ripped off six inches from the length of the dress plus the one-foot long dress tail, exposing her two naked ankle bones and her pair of blue tinted fashion high heels. She stood upright and nodded to Lowell in silence. He spun around from her and faced the side wall, slowly moving ahead, playing on his phone. 
She and Trux slowly moved ahead together playing on the individual mobile telephone also.
Victoriana laughed. "I do believe that someone needs a nap today. I looked up the medical, social, economic, and emotional effects of napping on my phone. The article states. A nap in the afternoon between one pm and three pm."
Lowell continued to walk ahead of his two friends and frowned down at the screen on his mobile telephone. "A baby only naps during the daylight hours."
She read out loud from her phone. "An adult person benefits from a short nap in the afternoon that boosts memory cells, improves archive job performance, lifts up your sappy mood, makes you more alert, and eases teen stress."
He laughed. "Those activities only benefits an adult, not a teen."
She continued to read the screen on her phone with a smile. "A nap for an adult or a teenager improves the motor skill, sense perception and verbal recall."
"I don't need a nap."
"A nap for one hour brightens your outlook on life, at work and at home. If you get a pair of heavy eyelids right after the lunch meal, then a nap will refresh your mind and your body. However, I caution here, only take a short nap between ten to thirty minutes. Else, you get that grogginess blues and become more tired and can't work at your archive job. Taking a short nap during the late afternoon is better for your mind rather than a cup of steaming coffee with caffeine."
He continued to play on his phone with a sour frown. "I don't drink a cup of coffee, Victoriana."
She continued. "A short nap can release all of your stresses and improve your immune health. You don't wanna catch a cold and miss your archive job, tomorrow, Lowell."
He sneered down at the screen on his phone. "I'm not stressed about anything, but I might become that way, in a few more seconds."
She continued to read from the tiny screen on her mobile telephone while giggling. "O! If you take a nap for 45 minutes, then you will lower your high blood pressure rate, at the moment, coming from your pressured intense situation, right now, Lowell." She laughed with Trux.
Lowell sneered. "I am not tense or stressed or distressed, girl."
She smiled. "If you drop down inside this empty hallway and take a seventy-minute nap, your brain cells become activated and create pleasant images and happy dreams and create new answers to your taxing problems, at the moment, here inside the glass pyramid." Lowell growled in annoyance. She continued. "If you take a short nap during the day, between the hours of one pm and three pm, and then get up and shake off your grogginess and then slowly walk around some of the empty hallways, since we are trapped inside the glass pyramid, then you will improve both your mental and physical health menu. A napping child will recall things that they have learned that morning which hangs inside the brain cells.
"I am not a child, Victoriana," Lowell sneered.
She smiled. "And finally, a short nap, by a child, an adult, a teen, a senior adult, is natural, helpful, offers alertness, and improves the learning powers within the brain cells which allows you to tell the difference between images and textures and as your mind, body, and soul are all well-rested for the next challenge."
"I am not tired, only bored here, Victoriana." Lowell sneered.
They reached the end of the avenue. Lowell turned to the side wall and led the other two teens up the flight of metal stairs towards the fourth floor while playing on his phone.
Victoriana followed behind Lowell in silence while carefully climbing each the metal step in her pair of red tinted fashion high heel and her semi-long and heavy slime-painted dress.
Trux was last in the line and laughed out loud, moving up the metal staircase. "Lowell does not stresses; he sweats."
Lowell stopped on the step and spun around, gasping at Trux. "What!"
Trux pointed a free finger at Lowell with a nod. "Lowell sweats excessively. On the internet, this medical articles states, if you..."
"Shut up, Trux!" Lowell spun around with a low grunt of annoyance at the happy teen male and slowly climbed the steep staircase that provided illuminated bright light from the glowing pale blue metal panels.
Trux laughed with Victoriana and then he read out loud from the tiny screen on his personal mobile telephone for his fun and Lowell's annoyance. "If you stop eating spicy foods, then ..."


§


On the fourth floor in orange metal glow, solo American archivist Gemma dashed down the rest of the empty avenue with a smile while reading each colorful sign and then skidded to halt, slamming into the solid side wall of metal with a loud grunt. “This avenue presents a dead end. Why would that be? Dang! This is one of the many fun traps. Geez! I fell and fail for the nasty trick that came from Dickana,” she spun around with a sour frown. "None of the exhibitions display the country of Sweden. So, I must run back and waste my time and then climb the staircase on the opposite end of the orange avenue and climb up to the fifth floor. Geez! I'm running out of floors and breathes. I need exercise more." She slowly moved ahead with laughter and then stopped at the first exhibition. “Well, since I am here and I am wasting my time, I will collect another artifact.”
On the forward wall of orange hue, a short podium of matching metal displayed a pale blue tinted hologram keyboard on top of the stand, where the archivist must enter the correct title to snatch up the new artifact for extraction. A large soft pile of yellow colored flowers hid the new artifact. On the forward wall above the exhibition stand, there was a set of big and bold black tinted capital letters in print: Netherlands.
Gemma stared at the word and said with a whisper. “Netherlands,” she looked down with a smile and buried both hands in a tall pile of soft yellow flowers.
The forward wall sounded with a soft ping and then showed the math number of one while slowing counting to the number six with a matching soft ping.
Both of her naked hands hit the top of the invisible force field and as she gasped with alarm. “What is that? It is obvious, but it is more than a shoe.”
The forward wall sounded with a soft pin and then showed the math number of two while slowly counting to the number of six.
She gasped in alarm. “A glove is not a glove is not a glove. So, a shoe is not a shoe is not a shoe. It is a wooden shoe of white colored paint with a set of three painted pretty flowers on top of the wood. The flowers look like a pod of tulips in the colors of bright purple, red, and yellow. Yes, of course, the wooden shoe comes from the country of Netherlands. A wooden shoe.” The forward wall sounded with a soft ping and then stopped at the math number of four. Then, the invisible force field lifted and exposed the object.
“Good! I’m getting swifter at identifying the object in a shorter period that involves time,” she grabbed and snatched up the object with a laugh and a grin, placing it down into the depths of the triangle shaped backpack with a smile.
The spilled yellow flowers on top of the hard surface violently shifted side to side and then was sucked back down into the metal cabinet. On the floor, the spilled flowers wiggled side to side and then dropped down into a set of open tiny groves down into the floor.
She turned with a gasp to face the opposite side of the avenue while hearing a set of faint voices. “The other teams have entered through the same portal. It is probably Trux, Lowell, and Victoriana. They will not be pleased with my solo performance, so I must be swifter,” she spun back around and faced the side wall, moving ahead, climbing up the staircase to the fifth floor with worry.
Then, a new large pile of yellow tinted flowers magically and swiftly built into a new triangular pile on top of the hard metal surface while the wall clock turned into black hue by the computer chip.


§


On the fifth floor in red glowing metal hue, the archive team from the country of Bahamas, the leader of the team, Miss Reggae Girl number one stopped with a worry and stood on top of a dull red tinted avenue, waving her hand in the air. “Follow me down here!” She spun around and shoved her teammates from the side wall. 
Miss Reggae Girl number four spun around and pointed down the opposite avenue of dull red metal tinted with a confused brow. “Uh! Wait! Where are you going, leader?”
The leader dashed down the staircase with a smile. “I’m heading away from the gang of big boys that each carry a long sharp sword on his belt loop. Who are they?”
Miss Reggae girl Number Three spun around and followed her leader with a smile. “The four tall muscular teens are the archive team from the country of Switzerland.”
The leader continued to run down back the same staircase with a smile. “We dash down the fourth floor and steal all the new artifacts on this side of the avenue. Then, we move back up to the fifth floor, after the Swiss boys are gone No one is up here and then we steal the rest of the new artifacts. Then we will lead winning the archive hunt for the country of the Bahamas.” The two other team mates spun around and followed behind the leader with a cheer. The leader turned off the staircase and entered the fourth-floor avenue in bright orange hue, dashing ahead, halting with a smile in front of the object. “We have found our first exhibition podium, sisters.” The rest of her team mates gathered around the podium.
The exhibition stand was colored in pale blue that matched the floor, the ceiling, and the walls. On top of the hard surface, there was a pink tinted holographic keyboard and a pile of pink colored sand which hid the artifact. Above the pile of pink colored sand, the wall showed the big and bold word in black capital letters: Bahamas.
“Look!” Miss Reggae Girl number two pointed with a sour frown at the metal wall. “On the forward wall of orange hue, it shows the native country, where the native artifact comes from. Bahamas. This is our own artifact. It’s a straw hat. We should leave it."
"We should love it. Each artifact is worth money. We exchange the artifact with the America hostess Dickana for US money. This is the purpose of the Archive Ball. Each native artifact from a different country is sold to the host country for lots of fast cash.” Miss Reggae Girl number four smiled.
The leader reached out with a nod and wiped off the pink tinted sands with a smile. “Our sister is correct. We steal our own artifact and exchange for money.” The sand shifted off the object,” Straw hat.” The invisible force field lifted up from the object. She reached down with a grin and grabbed, snatching the object from the table, wiggling it near her smile. “Okay! We got it. We continue down the same avenue of orange hue and find the next exhibition podium, before the other archivists. If we encounter another team, then we turn around and head up the fifth floor again,” she placed the artifact inside her backpack for safekeeping and spun around to face half of an empty avenue, hearing the cheers from some of the other archivists, dashing ahead with her three team mates and echoed a set of cheers and giggles.


§


On the fourth floor of orange metal hue, the archive team from the country of Spain, the leader of the team, Miss Spanish Queen wore a green-tinted, sleeveless, slime-painted, ankle-length dress with numerous rows of matching ruffles and a silver tinted tiara on top of her black colored hair roots and stopped and staring at the orange metal wall with a puzzled brow in silence.
Miss Guitar slammed into the back spine of the leader and back stepped with a sour frown from her team mate with a sour tone. “Go on!”
The leader stood in place and pointed at the steel wall in orange hue with confusion. “I can’t go inside. There’s a solid wall in orange tint that blocks the rest of my forward footpath. We're at a dead end. We can't get onto the fourth floor.”
Mr. Bull looked up and smiled at the staircase, passing his teammates as the new leader. “One, the group of tall good-looking boys from the archive team from the country of Switzerland are here and have triggered something bad. We don't want to encounter one of the fun or dangerous traps. The Swiss is out of the competition. Come this way and follow me! We go further up to the fifth floor and grab all of the artifacts. We must beat everyone to the other artifacts.” The three other archivists from the country of Spain smiled with a nod in silence and turned to face the staircase followed the new leader to the fifth floor, echoing a set of grins and cheers.
A few minutes later, on the fourth floor of orange metal tone, Mr. Bull turned and entered the new avenue, dashing ahead over avenue. “This is the fourth floor. Look! This end is empty of the annoying and stupid teens. they must all be fighting over each podium on the opposite side. Dickana, she told us no fighting or total elimination. I hope every archivist gets eliminated but us. I’m moving ahead toward the first exhibition station. We are the first one here. Yay!” He stopped with a grin and stood in front of the exhibition station.
The exhibition station was colored in pale green with a yellow tinted holographic keyboard and a pile of pink colored sand which hid the artifact. Above the pile of green colored sand grains, the wall showed the big and bold word in black capital letters: Guam.
The three other team mates dashed ahead and stopped, surrounding the leader with a set of cheers and grins.
“Rush! Rush!” Miss Guitar bounced up and down, pointing down at the pile of pink colored sand grains. “We steal this artifact and the rest of them on the new red tinted avenue. Then, we'll be leading and winning the archive race over the rest of the teens.”
“Yay!” Miss Spanish Queen bounced up and down with excitement too.
The leader, Mr. Bull reached down and touched, wiping off the sand, whipping back both the hands from the slightly warm touch of the invisible force field that covered the artifact. The forward wall sounded with a soft ping and then showed the math number of one while slowing counting to the number six with a matching soft ping.
“Look!” Mr. Conquistador pointed with a worried brow at the metal wall. “The wall clock has started.” The forward wall sounded with a soft ping and then showed the math number of two while slowing counting to the number six with a matching soft ping.
Miss Guitar bounced up and down with excitement, “Quiet, sister! Call out the artifact!” The forward wall sounded with a soft ping and then showed the math number of two while slowing counting to the number six with a matching soft ping.
The leader, Mr. Bull smiled down at the artifact, “Coconut.”
The forward wall sounded with a soft ping and then stopped on the math number of four. Then, the invisible shield lifted and exposed the naked artifact. The leader reached down and touched, swiftly grabbing up the coconut and placed it inside the black tinted pyramid-shaped backpack for storage. The scattered pink tinted sand grains on top of the hard surface violently shifted side to side and then was sucked back down into the metal cabinet. On the floor, the scattered sand grains wiggled side to side and then dropped down into a set of open tiny groves down into the floor.
Miss Spanish Queen bounced up and down with excitement. “We did a good job this time. There are two more seconds left on the wall clock.”
Mr. Conquistador spun around from the exhibition station with a smile and dashed ahead, moving down the avenue. “We have more exhibition stations on this side of the avenue. Follow me right now!”
"Yay!” Miss Guitar spun around from the exhibition station with a smile and lifted both arms into the air with a cheer. “We're winning the archive race.” She and the other teammates followed the back spine of Mr. Conquistador down the avenue.


§


Still on the third-floor staircase, Lowell continued ahead on the staircase and played on his phone while haring the irritating words coming from the lips on Trux.
Trux laughed. "Beverages consisting of cups of coffee, cans of sodas, and bottles of beer cause your body to sweat, especially on your face and your head. So, you need to shower daily or maybe hourly," he laughed with Victoriana. "A shower will make you feel clean and fresh and clear out my two nose holes also. If the smelly odor still bothers your friends that work here at the Birmingham Art and Science Center, then you need to bathe with an antibacterial soap that reduces bacteria babies on your sweating skin. When bacteria babies mix with your sweaty sweat, your body smells with a bad odor or B.O. And you need to completely dry off your wet skin as bacteria and germs enjoy living in dampness."
Lowell continued up the staircase and frowned with annoyance. "I do not sweat, Trux."
Trux smiled. "If you experience menopause," he laughed. "Do you experience menopause, Sports Coat?" Lowell did not answer and as Victoriana continued to giggle at the funny one-side conversation. Trux smiled. "O! I guess not. So, if you start wearing loose-fitting shirts with natural fibers like cotton and let the air molecules circulate around your sweaty skin, then the clothes will slow down the buildup of wet, stingy moisture. Better yet, you should tote around an extra shirt in case your sweat becomes overwhelming excessive to my nose holes." He laughed with Victoriana. "O! You need to wear patterned, black, or white tinted shirt that hid each one of your sweat pockets that smelly underneath each hairy armpit," he chuckled with Victoriana.
"I do not sweat, Trux. Your non-working nose sinuses need to be fixed by a medical physician." Lowell snarled and continued up the staircase towards the fourth-floor level.
Trux smiled. "Stress causes sweat and then sweat causes stinkiness. Thus, it is a vicious circle that never ends," he chuckled with Victoriana. To break the circle of vicious stressing and then sweating, you need to relax by practicing relaxation methods of yoga, meditation, deep breathing exercises that will control your chiggers...naw...triggers," he giggled with Victoriana. "All of these relaxation methods will lessen your stress which lessens your sweats."
"I do not sweat, Trux!" He sneered.
Trux said. "Modern science is so cool. An aluminum-based antiperspirant underneath each one of your hairy armpits will block sweat and gland ducts. The new active ingredients start to work on your sweaty armpits while you sleep. Now, that's convenient! I hate to tell you, dude! But your two naked feet stink too." He chuckled with Victoriana.
"Trux!" He growled.
Trux continued to read out loud from his phone screen. "If you possess sweaty and smelly feet, like Lowell, then you have a problem. You should avoid a pair of pantyhose."
"I am a guy, not a gal." Lowell laughed.
Trux smiled. "O! You should wear two socks made from cotton that wicks the wet moisture from your wet sweat, smelly skin and then change your two socks of cotton often, like each hour or soonest." He laughed with Victoriana. "Also, you should not wear the same set of leathers...
Lowell gasped in shock and then smiled while slowly climbing to the fourth floor. "Leathers! O! You like to read all of the Quartet novels by that e-writer ipam that features Austin Berrington, Tom Sawyer, Frank Mangrove, and Stu Gage, too. That novel classifies shoes as leathers as most men footwear are made from dead cow hides. My favorite character is Austin Bartholomew Berrington, the fourth. He is the leader of the Quartet. I am the leader. He is the smartest of the Quartet. I am the smartest. He is a billionaire. I wanna become a billionaire too."
Trux smiled. "Great ambitions and goals, dude! I like Stu Gage. He inventors a set of new gadgets coming from his smart brains, such like, the pocket-sized Ghost and the mini-submarine for Austin, the sleeping coffin for Rosebud and the..."
"I like Jane Seymore Sawyer," Victoriana continued to climb with a smile and followed the back spine on her teammate Lowell while playing on her personal mobile telephone.
"Who that?" Lowell frowned. "A quartet is the math number of four, such like, Austin, Frank, Stu, and Tom, who are four men that live inside hot, sizzling city of Miami, Florida, USA and are not brothers, but billionaires." he laughed with Trux. 
She smiled. "Jane is Tom's smarter and prettier Quartet wife and one of the three Quartet sisters within the Quartet non-related biological family unit. There are three Quartet sisters, who are also a Quartet wife. Tom loves Jane dearly. Frank adores and adorns his wife Misty with everything. Now, I wanna husband like a loving and caring and killing Frank, who kills all of her enemies," she laughed with the others." And Gracie is the perfect match mate for her husband Stu. However, Austin is still alone..."
"...and free and wife-less and dates every tramp, vamp, and sexy vampire throughout the world, without marrying one. I wanna become like Austin and enjoy the freedoms and the freckles of the world too." Lowell laughed.
"You're lower than an earthworm, Lowell. No nice girl will date you with that type of social, free-rein attitude." Trux frowned.
"You shall see me tonight during the archive dance and dinner work my bachelor-hood magic, buddy boy. So, watch my slick moves and take mental notes on how I work the field of woman, cowboy." Lowell laughed.
They passed the fourth-floor avenue without bothering to stop off and test any of the exhibition stands. The other individual archive teams had come here and conquered and then captured each unknown, secret artifact treasure. The archive team with the most captured archive treasure wins the grand prize, which was also mysterious and secretive. So, the trio of Americans continued to flow up towards the tenth floor and attend the upcoming Archive Ball that provides food and fun for all of the teens.
Lowell continued to led Victoriana and Lowell and played on his phone. "Do you possess misophonia, Victoriana?"


§


On the fifth floor of dull red metal glow, the archive team from the country of Japan stopped on top of the matching avenue with a set of sneers. The leader of the archive team, Miss Japanese Princess spun around and narrowed both eyelashes into the dull red metal, pointing down inside the hallway with a smile. “We go this way to the left side of the hallway. I don’t hear any type of soft or loud noises. The other archive teammates are located on the three and fourth floors invading all the podiums on the other side, so we race down this empty avenue. We're the first ones here,” she led the rest of her teammates with a smile and skidded to a halt in front of the first exhibition podium.
The exhibition stand was colored in pale blue with a pink tinted holographic keyboard and a pile of orange colored sand which hid the artifact. Above the pile of orange colored sand, the wall showed the big and bold word in black capital letters: India.
Mr. Samuride Soldier stopped beside his girlfriend with a smile. “We found one of the podiums. The native artifact comes from the country of India. The treasure chest of India has lots and lots of polished gem stones. Go ahead and whack off the orange colored sands, my princess!”
Miss Japanese Princess reached down and touched, wiping away some of the orange tinted sand grains with a smile. “I’m so excited. This will be our artifact find,” she continued to whip the sand side to side on top of the metal podium as the sand dropped down, falling over the hard surface of the floor.
The forward wall sounded with a soft ping and then showed the math number of one and then math number of two while slowing counting to the number six with a matching soft ping.
Miss Air Pollution Victim frowned down at the disappearing orange tinted sand grains. “Where is it?”
The forward wall sounded with a soft ping and then showed the math number of three while slowing counting to the number six with a matching soft ping.
Mr. Samuride Soldier smiled down at the disappearing grains of orange sand. “It is buried and hidden deep down in the sand, so that no other archive team can find it, but us. This is indeed our lucky day!”
The forward wall sounded with a soft ping and then showed the math number of four while slowing counting to the number six with a matching soft ping.
Ms. Air Pollution Victim smiled with a nod at the sand. “There is another gem stone within the dirt. I must be very, very tiny.”
The forward wall sounded with a soft ping and then showed the math number of five while slowing counting to the number six with a matching soft ping.
Ms. Air Pollution Victim smiled at the metal podium without the artifact. “I must be very, very valuable.” The forward wall sounded with a soft ping and then showed the math number of six with a matching soft ping. She gasped down on top of the naked metal podium surface. “There’s nothing here!”
Mr. Samuride Soldier gasped. “It’s gone!” The floor rattled with movement and then heated underneath her feet.
“Ah! No!” The leader dashed backward from the podium and then slammed into her team mates in panic. “Back up! Move forward! Move away! Get away from the podium!” The leader side stepped with her boyfriend and the other two teammates scooting away from the podium. The floor swiftly opened to the side with a loud hiss. The members stared down into the deep, dark pit, gasping in alarm.
Miss Air Pollution Victim with her pink tinted bubbles frowned down at the floor. “Don’t do that again!”
Miss Japanese Princess frowned down at the floor. “I didn’t do anything.”
Miss Whale frowned. “We didn’t find the artifact. It's gone. Someone else got here before us and then had taken it too. So, we need to continue down the sane avenue and carefully wait the clock on the metal wall. As a matter of fact, someone needs to shout out each used time second, so this does not happen again to us. Do we all agree?”
Mr. Samuride Soldier said with a nod and a stern face, “Agreed! Let’s scat and get away from this podium! We’re losing the foot race.”
Miss Air Pollution Victim spun around with a worried brow and faced the opposite hallway. “No! We go the other way and move down the opposite side of the red tinted avenue.”
Miss Whale frowned down at the metal podium. “No! This scare tactic worked beautifully. Did you see and felt the motion down there? The pile of orange sands is shifting back into place like there is a true native artifact underneath the new pile of soil. We all fell for this. We will not fall for another fake artifact. We will continue down the same avenue. If one of the other archive team came this way and almost got sucked down into a pit, then they ran away into the opposite hallway. That hallway is very over crowed with too many archivists. We are smarter.”
“Yeah, we are smarter. We will travel the least pathway and find the rest of the artifacts,” Miss Japanese Princess spun around and faced an empty hallway, dashing ahead with her boyfriend Mr. Samuride Soldier.
The other two archive teammates from the country of Japan dashed ahead and left behind the new pile of orange tinted sand on top of the hard metal surface and a black tinted wall clock that had formed for a second time by the computer chip.
On the same fifth floor in red hue, the archive leader from the country of Germany, Miss Beer Bottle stopped and stood in front of the next exhibition podium with a smile and a chuckle of happiness. The exhibition podium was colored in pale blue with a pink tinted holographic keyboard and a triangular pile of stack tiny brown tinted tree limbs, which hid the artifact. Above the triangular pile of tree limbs, the wall showed the big and bold word in black capital letters: Spain.
Miss Acid Rain stood beside her leader with a puzzled brow and stared down at the tree limbs. “Okay! This is getting really weird with the triangles of soil. We have seen a pile of orange sand grains, green colored tree leaves, and now brown tinted tree limbs. What is the next soil?”
“Quiet, girl! Grab the artifact, team leader! The voices are coming closer down this hallway and to close to our position.” Mr. Wall of Berlin turned to see any movement in the close distance but could only hear the faint voices.
The leader, Miss Beer Bottle leaned down and scattered all the tiny tree limbs over the hard surface. The forward wall sounded with a soft ping and then showed the math number of one while slowing counting to the number six with a matching soft ping. The leader wiped off the rest of the leaves and gasped at the object on top of the hard surface with a smile. “It is a....” The forward wall sounded with a soft pin and then showed the math number of two while slowly counting to the number of six. 
The teen female displayed a head of blonde hair with a tone of pale skin and wore a set of brown tinted tiny bath bubbles over the hidden body suit in slime paint, Miss Acid Rain gasped in alarm. “No! Don’t say that!” The forward wall sounded with a soft pin and then showed the math number of three while slowly counting to the number of six. 
Miss Acid Rain Victim displayed a set of pale naked suit that was covered in tiny pink tinted blisters, where her pretend skin was blistered from a downpour of acid rain, nodding with a smile at the face mask. “Yes, in this case, a bull is a bull is a bull. The bull is brown colored like any other farm or city or country bull," The forward wall sounded with a soft pin and then showed the math number of five while slowly counting to the number of six.
Mr. Wall of Berlin frowned. "Your speech is too long. The wall clock says five seconds.”
Miss Acid Rain nodded with a smile at the face mask. “I agree with my brother. It is a bull. Shout it out, team leader!”
Miss Beer Bottle frowned. “Boy, I hope you're correct here,” she exhaled with worry.
Mr. Wall of Berlin smiled. “I am.”
The leader yelled out loud, “A bull.” The forward wall sounded with a soft pin and stopped at the math number of six. “Woo! That was too close!” She exhaled with a huff of worry. Then, the invisible shield lifted up and exposed the naked artifact. The leader reached down and touched, swiftly grabbing up the face mask and placed it inside the pyramid-shaped backpack for storage, spinning around and dashed ahead down the red tinted avenue with a worried brow. “Leave! Move ahead! The voices are getting closer.” Miss Beer Bottle stopped and slammed into the forward wall of red tint, back stepping with a gasp. “Whoa! The hallway stopped,” she reached up and patted her sore nose bridge with a sneer, spinning around to face the side wall. “The other side is clear of obstacles but teens. We've finished our mission on the fifth floor inside the glass pyramid. Now, we move up to the sixth floor and collect the rest of the artifacts to win the grand prize.” The rest of the team mates spun around and followed behind the leader up toward the sixth floor.
On the same fifth floor at the end of the dull red tinted avenue, solo American archivist Gemma dashed down the smooth avenue of metal while looking for the Swedish exhibition for the next artifact, skidding to halt with a smile and a whisper in front of the next object. “My third exhibition podium has been found.”
On the forward wall of red hue, a short podium of matching metal with a pale blue tinted hologram keyboard on top of the stand, where the archivist must enter the correct title to snatch up the new artifact for extraction. There was a pile of brown colored dirt that hid the new artifact. On the forward wall above the exhibition podium, there was a set of big and bold black tinted capital letters in print: Fiji.
She stared at the word and said with a whisper, “Fiji,” she looked down with a smile and buried both hands in a short pile of brown colored dirt. The forward wall sounded with a soft ping and then showed the math number of one while slowing counting to the number six with a matching soft ping. She dove both hands further down into the pile of dirt with a worried brow. “Where is it?” The forward wall sounded with a soft ping and then showed the math number of two while slowly counting to the number of six. 
She wiped off the rest of the dirt and exposed the object with a gasp. “The gem is really real and beautiful. A pearl! A pearl!” The forward wall sounded with a soft ping and then stopped at the math number of three. Then, the invisible force field lifted up and exposed the object.
She reached out and grabbed, snatching the pearl up near a smile. “It is real, smooth, dull shine. This is a real pearl that came from an oyster in the country of Fiji. And it is mine. I can keep this forever to remember my fun time as a summertime intern here at the Birmingham Art and Science Center. Yes, it is real like me. I'm good at this archive hunt. Too bad, Victoriana couldn't see my talents. O well! They lose. I win.” The spilled brown colored dirt on top of the hard surface violently shifted side to side and then was sucked back down into the metal cabinet. On the floor, the spilled dirt wiggled side to side and then dropped down into a set of open tiny groves down into the floor.
Gemma grinned. “I wanna show my mom,” she gasped. “My mom! I forget all about my mom. She's sick with a set of deadly cancer cells. She needs my help right now. Each one of the artifacts is true and real. I shouldn’t be here in the archive hunt, right now. I don’t need to be here playing in the archive hunt, right now. I need to quit playing the silly archive game, right here and right now. Instead, I need to search and find the true and real bronze-tinted disc coming from the country of Sweden that really is the true Thor’s Hammer.”
"The bronze piece was shown as a flat disc came from the Thor’s Hammer. Each bronze piece was about 1,100 years old and could be located within the country of Sweden as it dated back to 900 AD. The flat disc was made from a piece of simple bronze metal, displaying trace earth elements of gold, tin, and silver metal. The gold, tin, and silver formed the creative outline of the weird symbols on the disc. Within the Norse mythology, Thor was a god that used a hammer. His god powers caused massive downpour of rain storms, yellowish-white lightning bolts, and booming scary thunder and the guardian of all mankind by ensuring both fertility and healing. Back then, ancient and dead natives of the countryside carried the bronze piece around a neck or pieced one or both earlobes like a piece of jewelry for healing and getting healthy in both body and minds. Today, modern day scientists seemed to agree that a myth was based on the truth."
Gemma stared at the pearl with a worried brow. “I must heal my mom. I need to leave here and find the tiny artifact that comes from Thor’s Hammer. That little bronze piece has an array of magical healing powers. The bronze piece can heal my mom with her cancer cells and make my mom happy and healthy again,” she reached down and dropped the pearl gem inside the darkness of the triangle backpack with the two other collected artifacts for storage and safekeeping with a stern face, spinning around with a gasp to face the opposite side of the avenue while hearing a set of faint voices. “The other teams have entered through the same portal. That is probably Trux, Lowell, and Victoriana. They will not be pleased with my solo performance, so I must be swifter,” she raced ahead and slammed into the side wall, turning and climbed the staircase to the sixth floor looking for Thor’s Hammer. 
Then, a new pile of brown colored dirt formed in a new triangular formation on top of the metal surface as the wall clock morphed into black hue, based on the computer chip for the second time.


§


On the staircase between the third and fourth floor levels, Lowell continued to climb and laughed out while listening to a string of curses words from Trux while insulting Victoriana. "If you are angered and anxious and tense feeling either a fist fight or fearful flight response from a set of normal repetitive sounds, such like, chewing food; coughing fits; sneezing out nose snot; ticking clocks; swishing windshield wipers on a car; slurping a soda; humming from your mother; chomping from your cubby cubical co-worker during the lunchtime meal; wailing fits from a baby, whirling from an active or broken air conditioner; loud screaming from a child; licking from a cat; chirping or dinging or ringing or singing individual personal mobile telephones..."
Trux laughed. "Yeah!"
"Then you possess a medical condition, which is called misophonia.
He frowned. Naw!"
Lowell smiled down at his phone. "Do you recognize the two words, miss and phone, which is a really new kind of social phobia within your mind. So, misophonia is a medical disorder where certain sounds trigger a strong, nasty react inside your active brain cells that affects your social behavior. Even the quietness inside a room bothers your active mind," he shouted out loud and as his words echoed through the high ceiling on the continuous staircase. "Ain't that right, Victoriana, honey child?" He laughed alone.
"Shut it up there, Sports Coat! Else, I will come and shut your mouth with some of your teeth missing with my flying folded fist," Trux sneered. "Do you like my letter 'F's?"
Lowell was not intimidated by tall and muscular teen male Trux as the USA hostess Dickana was watching on a secret laptop screen or a public television screen while spying on her American archive team, who were sadly losing the archive hunt. He smiled and continued to insult Victoriana. "The word, misophonia, comes from the Greek language and it represents the word, hatred."
She looked up and frowned at the back spine on Lowell. "That is a terrible word and a terrible definition coming from the Ancient Greeks."
Trux nodded. "The Greek culture was both lovely and hateful that overflowed into the Roman Empire and then throughout the world. I am not surprised about that type of word within any language of men or women. Here, in the USA, hatred is expressed through voice, paper, and electronic devices everywhere, every how and every day. So sad! We live in a hostile and violent society here in the USA, which is better than some of the other nations."
She nodded with a smile. So, we need to express love and joy and peace and harmony, not hatred for our man-kind, woman-kind, and animal-kind."
"Grow up, girl! The world runs on hate and money," Lowell sneered. "Else, you couldn't get a good paying job after your college graduation."
"That's not true, Lowell! I don't believe that. I don't encourage or condom that specific nasty act and naughty actions. I will go to college and then graduate and then get a good paying job that pays all of my living expenses and live as a nice person in a nice world ..."
"... of fantasy and flight, ain't that right, girl?" Lowell laughed.
Victoriana frowned. "No!"
Trux quickly researched the word, misophonia. "It is a physical thing, President Lincoln! Modern medical scientists have discovered myelin, a fatty insulating cover on top of the nerve cells inside the brain of folks that experience misophonia. This myelin fatty insulation also covers the nerve cells and causes emotional fear and loss of long-term memories in folks that experience misophonia issues. Just become you are highly sensitive to all the audible sounds, even your own mental, crazy mind silence thoughts, and all the audible sounds irritates, scares, and angers your mental mind causing you to avoid sounds, parties, people, and sporting games," he laughed with Victoriana. "Just become you become very anxious and overly excited about a new environment with loud rock and roll music, flirting pretty girls, and trays of wonderful food items, where all the audible aversive sounds from people and objects disrupt your two eyeballs, your two eardrums, your mental mind, your summertime work job, and your social life, you should think about spinning around and returning back down into the lobby room, smoothing your rage and angry," he laughed with Victoriana. "And, you need to get all of your medical facts straightened up and out from a real medical physician, before randomly talking out the side of your mouth and lashing out at an innocent person, Sports Car."
"Touché!" Victoriana smiled. "You should think about becoming a medical physician, Trux."
"Naw!" He smiled. "I wanna become a..." Trux frowned. "I haven't thought of my future job..."
"...farm boy," Lowell laughed.
"Well, I am a farm boy first and foremost and plan to acquire a college degree and then return back to my farm, until the day that my parents or I sell off all of the cows, and crop land to a nice farming couple for some massive amount of cash money. Then, I can retire from farming and chase after the girls, finding my future wife and then getting married having a son, like me."
"That's a sweet dream plan, Trux!" Victoriana smiled.
They passed the fourth floor and started climbing up towards the fifth floor.


§


On the sixth floor in pink hue metal, the archive team from the country of Canada, the four teens dashed up the new tunnel and stopped inside the new avenue, standing in the color tone of dull pink. The leader of the archive team, Mr. Canadian Mountie was a tall and slender teen male that displayed a naked chest of muscles on pale skin, a head of cropped blonde hair, and a pair of brown colored slime-painted trousers which was tucked down into a set of matching knee boots. He turned to face the long avenue with a sneer. “This is it!” He led his team mates down the pink tinted avenue.
Miss Dog, a tall teen female wore a tan colored dog head with a hidden body suit in matching tan slime paint stood in place, seeing through the eyeballs of the fake dog mask, surveying the pink tinted avenue. “What is it?”
Mr. Canadian Mountie pointed down inside the avenue with a smile. “She said that the avenue would be pink colored.”
Miss Dead Fly wore a black colored slime-painted costume which was an enlarged housefly with a pair of yellow wings, and a pair of green eyeballs and a head of black color and said with a confused brow. “Who said that?”
“We go this way,” Mr. Canadian Mountie dashed ahead down the avenue with a smile. “This way! Follow me!”
Mr. Pesticide was dressed in a yellow tall square shaped container with a black colored design of a skull head underneath a set of two crossed bones that indicated cyanide poisoning of death on the front of the chest and as his face was colored in yellow makeup, thumbing back over a collar bone with a sour frown at the naked back spine of the leader. “Where are you going, Mr. Canadian Mole-hole? I can see one of the exhibition podiums on the other side of the avenue. This is our chance to claim the fame and win the fight.”
The leader dashed down the avenue with a smile of excitement. “This is the way. And we’re going to win the fight. She told me so too. Come on now!” He stopped and stood in front of the last exhibition station a smile and a shout. “I found it. Come over here!”
Miss Dead Fly stopped with a confused brow and stood in place, pointing down at a different exhibition podium, “Hey, stupid leader! There is a different exhibition podium right here. You passed it going in a big hurry to stop at the last podium.”
Miss Dog dashed ahead and forcefully slapped the back spine of Miss Dead Fly with a smile. “We work backwards.”
The leader pointed down at the exhibition station with a smile. “No. We only work on this one.”
On the forward wall of pink hue, there was a short podium of matching pink tone with an orange tinted hologram keyboard on top of the metal stand, where the archivist could enter and type out the correct title in order to snatch up the new artifact for the extraction process. On the forward wall above the exhibition stand, there was a set of big and bold black tinted capital letters in print: Germany.
Mr. Pesticide stopped and stood beside the leader, studying the exhibition podium and then the pink tinted wall with a puzzled brow. “Germany. This particular hidden and unknown artifact had been shipped from the country of Germany,” she looked down with a smile and studied a short pile of brown tinted dirt. “So, the brown dirt had been shipped from the county of Germany along with the true artifact also. What is underneath the dirt?”
Miss Dog stopped and stood on the other side of the leader, staring down with a smile at the pile of brown dirt. “I don’t know. I don’t care. We don’t have time to guess. Wipe off the dirt, Mr. Canadian Mountie! We need to finish and then collect more artifacts. Or we will lose the competition.”
The leader smiled down at the pile of brown dirt. “Okay. Everyone, please, stay calm! When I touch and perturb the soil of brown dirt, the computer clock will start to tick away the seconds, until it hits the number six. Then, something wonderful will happen.”
Mr. Pesticide laughed at the wall clock. “Or something very terrible with happen to us instead.”
The leader swiftly buried both pair of naked hands down into the soft brown tinted dirt. The forward wall sounded with a soft ping and then showed the math number of one while slowing counting to the number six with a matching soft ping.
Miss Dog pointed up at the wall clock with a gasp of alarm. “The time clock has started. You have six seconds to wipe away the dirt and call out the hidden artifact.”
The forward wall sounded with a soft pin and then showed the math number of two while slowly counting to the number of six.
“Four second left now, leader!” Mr. Pesticide laughed.
Both hands of the leader reached down through the brown colored dirt and touched an object and as he whipped the dirt side to side in panic. “Ugh! There’s something here. But I can’t figure it out.”
The forward wall sounded with a soft pin and then showed the math number of three while slowly counting to the number of six.
Mr. Pesticide laughed. “Three seconds left now, leader!”
The leader gasped in alarm. “There is an invisible force field around the object. I can’t grab onto the object.”
Miss Dog yelled in panic down at the object. “Of course not, you must announce the object to the computer, before grabbing the object. What planet are you breathing on?”
Mr. Canadian Mountie jerked both of his hands up in the air and away from the invisible force field with a worried brow and a loud grunt. The forward wall sounded with a soft ping and then showed the math number of four while slowly counting to the number of six. 
Mr. Pesticide laughed. “Two seconds left now, leader!”
The leader smiled down at the artifact, “Four bottles of beer from Germany!”
The forward wall sounded with a soft ping and then stopped on the math number of one. Miss Dead Fly exhaled with worry. “That was too close, leader. Don’t be so dramatic next time with the next artifact. We must work better and together within the six second timeframe.
Miss Dog sneered down at the artifact. “Shut up, Miss Dead Fly! Grab and pass the beer bottles, Leader!”
The spilled brown tinted dirt on top of the hard surface violently shifted side to side and then was sucked back down into the metal cabinet. On the floor, the spilled dirt wiggled side to side and then dropped down into a set of open tiny groves down into the floor. Then, the four bottles of beer slightly rattled from the motion on top of the empty hard metal surface.
The leader reached down and snatched up one bottle at a time with a grin with a laugh, handing to each team mate. “Here is to our first of many more collection of artifacts today of treasure while working with my greedy team mates, Yay!” He reached out and grabbed the last beer bottle on top of the metal podium with a smile and screwed off the cap, sipping and swallowed with a grin and then a loud burp, “All right! This makes eleven artifacts. Now, we head back down the avenue for the twelfth artifact,” he slowly spun around and slowly moved back down the pink tined avenue while sipping and swallowed the beer with a grin and then a loud burp.
Miss Dog spun around to face the avenue and moved ahead, cuddling with her boyfriend with a smile, sipping and swallowed the beer with a grin and without a burp. “How did you know about the hidden artifact? We were not told by our mentor before we left Canada. I don’t even know what she brought here to the annual Archive Ball here in the United States.”
The leader sipped and swallowed the beer with a grin. “The Germany female teen archivist enjoyed my tiny kisses like you, my love. In exchange for my treat, she whispered to me the treasure, since she had known what the country of Germany had brought to the Archive Ball.”
“You are too slick, my love,” Miss Dog laughed.
Miss Dead Fly moved ahead and followed behind the back spines of her team mates, opening and sipped, swallowing the beer with a sour frown. “We are supposed to present the artifact at the end of the competition tonight. I don’t think that we will receive a nice prize for a set of four empty bottles that do not contain the beer.”
Mr. Pesticide spun around from the podium and moved ahead with a smile. “Don’t worry! We will be acquiring all the prizes. Am I right, leader?”
Then, a new pile of brown colored dirt swiftly built into a new triangular pile on top of the hard metal surface and as the wall clock morphed back into black hue for a second time.
The leader moved ahead and strolled down the opposite end of the same pink tinted avenue, stopping and stood in front of the last exhibition podium near the side wall with a smile. “Now, we will secure our second artifact.”
On the forward wall of pink hue, there was a short podium of matching pink tone with an orange tinted hologram keyboard on top of the metal stand, where the archivist could enter and type out the correct title in order to snatch up the new artifact for the extraction process. On the forward wall above the exhibition stand, there was a set of big and bold black tinted capital letters in print: Russia.
Miss Dead Fly stopped and stood beside the leader, studying the exhibition podium and then the pink tinted wall with a puzzled brow. “Russia. Why did you select this exhibition podium over the other ones? There are three other exhibition podiums for the countries of USA, Egypt, and Malta. I wanna see the hidden artifact from the country of Malta,” she turned and stared at the three other podiums with a puzzled brow.
The leader reached down and buried both hands down into the black soil with a smile. “No, this is the one that we are supposed to see.”
The forward wall sounded with a soft ping and then showed the math number of one while slowing counting to the number six with a matching soft ping.
“Why? What for, Leader? What do you know that I don’t know?” Miss Dead Fly frowned.
Miss Dog smiled down at the scattering of the black soil over the metal podium. “You will find out in a few more seconds.”
The forward wall sounded with a soft ping and then showed the math number of two while slowing counting to the number six with a matching soft ping.
The leader was very quick and wiped off the black soil on top of the metal surface where the artifact was housed inside an invisible force field as each member of the team gasped in shock. He whipped both hands into the air and said out loud, “A bottle of Russia vodka.”
The forward wall sounded with a soft ping and then stopped on the math number of three.
The spilled black tinted dirt on top of the hard surface violently shifted side to side and then was sucked back down into the metal cabinet. On the floor, the spilled dirt wiggled side to side and then dropped down into a set of open tiny groves down into the floor. Then, the single tall bottle of vodka slightly rattled in motion on top of the empty hard metal surface.
Miss Dog bounced up and down with excitement, “A bottle of vodka.”
Miss Dead Fly frowned at the alcoholic beverage. “How did you know this bottle of vodka was here too?”
The leader reached out and grabbed the tall bottle of clear liquid with a smile. “I have my ways, Miss Dead Fly.”
Miss Dead Fly frowned at the artifact. “We are not going to win the competition, if we allow our leader to pick and choose his favored artifacts. What other artifacts do you know about here inside the glass pyramid, Leader?”
The leader laughed. “Don’t matter now!”
“It matters to me!” Miss Dead Fly frowned.
The leader leaned over with a smile and handed the bottle to his girlfriend. Miss Dog accepted and placed it inside her triangle shaped backpack for storage and safekeeping with a smile. He spun around to face the avenue with a smile and moved to the next exhibition podium. “We have one more exhibition station to examine.”
Then, a new pile of black colored dirt formed in a new triangular formation on top of the metal surface and as the wall clocked turned into black hue for a second time by the computer chip.
At the cross-intersection of the staircase and the sixth-floor entranceway, the archive team from the country of China appeared and stopped on top of the pink tinted floor.
From the Canadian archive team, Miss Air Pollution turned with a gasp to see the first exhibition podium. “Over there! There’s the first exhibition station. Get them first and then get the artifact second.”
Mr. Pesticide spun around with a hiss and viewed a huddle of four petite females that came from the archive team of China. “Get them!”
Miss Dog stopped with a gasp and stood next to Mr. Pesticide. “No! Reach out and touch the red colored clay on top of the exhibition podium.”
Mr. Pesticide reached out and grabbed the top of the red dirt with a sneer at the archive team from the country of China. The ceiling slid door. Then, a solid door dropped down and blocked the advancement of the four petite females. The forward wall sounded with a soft ping and then showed the math number of one while slowing counting to the number six with a matching soft ping.
Miss Dead Fly stopped with a gasp and stood behind Miss Dog, staring at the solid wall. “What just happened?” The forward wall sounded with a soft ping and then showed the math number of two while slowing counting to the number six with a matching soft ping.
Mr. Pesticide laughed. “I reached out and grabbed a handful of clay dirt. Then a solid wall dropped down between us and them. We won!” The forward wall sounded with a soft ping and then showed the math number of three while slowing counting to the number six with a matching soft ping.
Miss Dead Fly stopped with a gasp and stood behind Miss Dog, staring at the solid wall. “Are we trapped? I want outta of here right now.” The forward wall sounded with a soft ping and then showed the math number of four while slowing counting to the number six with a matching soft ping.
Mr. Pesticide looked up with a puzzled brow around the ceiling. “Is something supposed to happen to us or the avenue or the podium?” The forward wall sounded with a soft ping and then showed the math number of five while slowing counting to the number six with a matching soft ping.
Miss Dog smiled at the solid wall. “Dickana said that a solid wall would drop down and protect the archivist, so she could steal the artifact. We are the archive team who is nearest the podium, so we can grab it now. Hurry! Hurry! Dig through the red clay and find the artifact!” The forward wall sounded with a soft ping and then showed the math number of six while slowing counting to the number six with a matching soft ping.
Miss Dead Fly pointed with a gasp at the wall clock. “The wall clock shows six seconds.”
Mr. Canadian Mountie reached out and shoved each member of his team into a tight cuddle, standing in front of the orange tinted holographic keyboard with a chuckle. The solid metal floor underneath each foot of the archive team softly rumbled and then gently rattled side to side, slowly sliding to one slide, creating a new opening within the avenue. Then, the entire archive team from the country of Canada swiftly dropped down and then rapidly slipped down a new sloped stationary silver tinted slide, falling through black darkness and stopped inside a hidden pit underneath the fourth floor of the glass pyramid. Each member of the archive team screamed in fear.
Then, the opening slowly crawled to the side and closed shut, creating the same walking floor base in pink tint.


§


On the first floor, inside the auditorium room, Mr. Ireland Ambassador continued to sit inside the leather floating chair and stared with a confused brow at the television screen. “What just happened to the archive team from the country of China? A solid wall of pink tint came down from the ceiling and slid down into the floor, blocking the other archive team.”
Ms. Spain Ambassador smiled. "Dickana told us. When the archivist successfully grabs the artifact, the door will slide down between the advancing archive team. So, the first archive team will not be robbed by the vicious clan of the Chinese.”
Ms. China Ambassador sneered at the rear skull on Mr. Ireland Ambassador. “We are not a set of vicious wild pigs. You are a set of poor losers. Where is your archive team, Ms. Ireland Ambassador? I can answer. They are sprawled over the second floor with the rest of the losers.”
Kara smiled and then laughed winking at Dickana, “My! My! My! This little competition is nasty, nastier, and nastiest.”
In her own lounge chair, in front of the forward glass wall with trees, birds, bees, and flowers, head archivist Dickana winked back to Kara while smiling in silence without addressing the question.


§


On the metal staircase between the fourth and fifth floor levels, the trio continued to climb up towards the tenth floor in silence while playing on their personal mobile telephone.
Victoriana giggled with a smile and read out loud from the screen on her phone. "What sleep pose do you visually strike on top of your cozy bed mattress?"
Trux frowned. "I don't really know."
She asked. "Do you sleep best on your tummy with both of your arms at your sides?"
"Naw." Trux continued to climb with a smile and read his own phone information.
"No." Lowell continued to lead with a stern face and silently read the tiny screen on his own phone.
She read out loud from the tiny screen on her phone. "If you are a tummy sleeper, you will become restless and toss and then turn getting comfortable when sleeping on your belly. Also, you can strain your neck and your lower back muscles, without a very soft pillow for your throat and head. Do you like to slumber on your tummy with your arms wrapped around the pillow and your head turned sideways to the wall?"
"Naw." Trux said.
"No." Lowell said.
She smiled. "If you, then you are seven percent of the American population that sleeps like using this slumber method. This sleep position suggests that you speak your mind and are sociable with an outgoing personality and you are not open to criticism."
"Is that your preferred sleeping position, Victoriana?" Lowell laughed.
She asked. "Do you sleep on your back spine?"
"Naw." Trux said.
"No." Lowell said.
She smiled. "If so, this sleep pose causes lower back spine pain and aggregates snoring problems and any sleep apnea issues regarding your biological body. Thus, you are a crumbly and grouchy person. Do you sleep on your back spine like a dead person?"
"Naw." Trux said.
"No." Lowell said.
She said. "If so, eight percent of American sleeper occupy this sleeping pose with both of the arms down and close fitting next to the body. This pose suggests that you keep to yourself and drive your goals into overdrive along with other workers and family members.
"Naw." Trux said.
"No." Lowell said.
She asked. "Do you sleep on your back spine like an ocean aquatic starfish?"
"Yeah," Trux laughed. "That's me a starfish. My four long limbs are all over the place on top of the bed mattress, entwined in the bedcovers and bed satin sheet. I love my satin bed sheets. I miss my satin bed sheets." 
Lowell laughed. "I didn't know you were a satin...sappy man, Trux."
He growled with vengeance. "Watch it, Sports Coat!"
Victoriana laughed. "If you like to sleep on your back spine like a starfish, you are only five percent of the American sleepers. Trux. If you enjoy this sleeping pose, you're a good listener and do not wanna to be the center of attention."
"That's my boy! He is always last and behind the crowd of thinkers," Lowell laughed.
She asked. "Do you sleep on your side in a fetal pose?"
"Naw." Trux said.
"Yes." Lowell laughed.
She said. "If so, forty percent of sleeping sleepers do slumber in this curled-up, sideways sleeping pose. The sleeping pose is more common for women, not men. That's usual for a teen male.
Trux laughed. "Lowell is a very usual teen male. I can attest as his temporary roommate."
She said. "If you sleep in the sideways fetal pose, then you possess a warm, friendly, sensitive personality but wrap a protective shell around your body."
That's my boy, Lowell! He is always secret conning and plotting and planning something in secret for only his ill-gotten personal gains."
"I do not." Lowell sneered.
She smiled. "O really! So, what is your deep, dark secrets, Lowell? come on now! Share some of our deep, dark secrets as we slowly climb up the steel staircase into hell, not beautiful heaven. Our boss lady Dickana is not going to be pleased with our poor performance here at the archive hunt for missing all of the artifact treasures and the grand prize. She wants to keep her precious artifacts inside her US Federal Government archive bank."
Trux frowned. "Then, our immediately supervisor Dickana should have shared and then explained the prime purpose of the archive hunt. I would have been more prepared like the rest of the teen archivists. And I plan to spit my salvia down on top of her hairless mound, if she calls me out on my lousy hunting skills for a silly artifact here at the Archive Ball. I have read about the Archive Ball on the local website of the Birmingham Art and Science Center. The electronic article did not provide details of the ball, only listing the countries that were participating."
"I agree with that true fact," Lowell said.
Each archive teen stewed and then steamed in a set of invisible fumes of angry in silence, slowly climbing up the metal staircase, passing the 5the floor heading to the 6th level.


§


On the fifth floor of pink hue, the solid wall in the same matching tone slowly sucked back up into the metal matching pink tinted ceiling and revealed nothing. On top of the same pink tinted avenue, each female from the country of China stared with a gasp in alarm at the empty air waves, without seeing a member of the archive team from the country of Canada.
Miss Coal Mine Dust number-three pointed at the empty avenue with a puzzled brow. “Where are they? Where did the archive team from the country of Canada go?”
“They ran away from us. Yay!” Miss Coal Mine Dust number-one lifted both of her slime-coated, black-tinted arms into the air and danced side to side with a cheer and a smile of happiness. “We are tough and rough, sisters.”
Miss Coal Mine Dust number-two smiled with a nod, “Yeah! Go down the avenue to the station and get their artifact! This will be our first of many more artifacts,” she dashed ahead with a giggle and stopped, standing in front of the same exhibition station.
On the forward wall of pink hue, there was a short podium of matching pink tone with an orange tinted hologram keyboard on top of the metal stand, where the archivist could enter and type out the correct title in order to snatch up the new artifact for the extraction process. On the forward wall above the exhibition station, there was a set of big and bold black tinted capital letters in print: USA.
The rest of the team members of the archive team gathered around Miss Coal Mine Dust number-two.
Miss Coal Mine Dust number-three looked up with a smiled and stared at the exhibition podium and then at the pink tinted wall. “USA. The artifact comes from here within the United States of America,” she looked down with a smile and studied a short pile of red colored clay dirt. “And the red dirt comes from here in the city of Birmingham within the US State of Alabama, USA. Look underneath the red dirt!”
Miss Coal Mine Dust number-one reached out and touched, wiping off the red clay dirt with a smile. “I’m wiping off the red dirt from the hidden artifact.” The forward wall sounded with a soft ping and then showed the math number of one while slowing counting to the number six with a matching soft ping.
“Hurry! Hurry!” Miss Coal Mine Dust number-four frowned down at the pile of red dirt and then up to see the wall clock. “When you touch and perturb the soil of red dirt, the computer clock will start to tick away the seconds, until it hits the number six, before something bad happens to us.” The forward wall sounded with a soft ping and then showed the math number of two while slowing counting to the number six with a matching soft ping.
Miss Coal Mine Dust number-two buried both pair of naked hands down into the soft red tinted dirt. The forward wall sounded with a soft ping and then showed the math number of three while slowing counting to the number six with a matching soft ping. Both of her hands reached through the dirt and touched an object and as she whipped the red dirt side to side in panic. “I don’t feel anything.” The forward wall sounded with a soft ping and then showed the math number of four while slowing counting to the number six with a matching soft ping.
“Yes! Yes! There is something in there. Go deeper sown into the red clay soil! Push it off the podium.” Miss Coal Mine Dust number-four nodded with a stern face at the red dirt. The forward wall sounded with a soft ping and then showed the math number of three while slowing counting to the number six with a matching soft ping.
Miss Coal Mine Dust number-one wiped the dirt off the podium and nodded with a smile at the artifact. “Okay. There is something here on top of the metal podium. But…but it feels like a force field. My hands can’t touch or grab the artifact.” The forward wall sounded with a soft ping and then showed the math number of four while slowly counting to the number of six.
She bounced up and down with panic. “Call out the artifact! Call out loud the artifact!” Miss Coal Mine Dust number-one smiled down at the artifact.
“It is a flag.” Miss Coal Mine Dust number-two smiled down at the artifact. The forward wall sounded with a soft ping and then showed the math number of five while slowly counting to the number of six.
Miss Coal Mine Dust number-one yelled at the computer with a stern face. “An American flag, the artifact is a red, white, and blue star and stripped-covered American flag.”
The forward wall sounded with a soft ping and then stopped on the math number of six.
The spilled red clay soil on top of the hard surface violently shifted side to side and then was sucked back down into the metal cabinet. On the floor, the spilled soil wiggled side to side and then dropped down into a set of open tiny groves down into the floor. Then, the flag wiggled side to side on top of the empty hard metal surface.
Miss Coal Mine Dust number-one reached down and snatched up the wiggling flag from the metal surface with a smile. “We got it!”
Miss Coal Mine Dust number-three exhaled with a puff of worry and wiped the sweat from the brow, smearing the black makeup with a sour frown. “That was too close, sisters! We need to become swifter.”
Miss Coal Mine Dust number-one bounced up and down with a smile, reaching backward with a hand, jerking her triangle shaped backpack off from the collar bone, opening the lip for the object with a grin. “We got our thirteenth artifact. We're winning the archive hunt. I wonder what the grand prize is. I'll store it inside my backpack and carry it keeping all of our collected artifacts safe and sound, until we reach the capstone tonight.”
"The number thirteen is an unlucky number." Miss Coal Mine Dust number-four frowned. "I think we should toss this one back into the red dirt and leave it for someone else."
"Don't be so silly, sister!" Miss Coal Mine Dust number-two bounced up and down, turning with a smile to see each end of the avenue, “Which way? We’re the only ones here inside the pink tinted avenue. I don’t hear any more voices or see any more moving bodies.”
“Yeah! Yeah! We can steal the rest of the artifacts.” Miss Coal Mine Dust number-three bounced up and down in sync with her team mate with a smile.
“I don’t know. The archive team from the country of Canada was here, before us. They might have gotten each artifact. We need to be both cautious and careful.” Miss Coal Mine Dust number-four turned with a stern face and surveyed each end of the avenue.
Then, a new pile of red clay colored dirt formed in a new triangular formation on top of the metal surface and as the wall clock morphed into black hue for a second time by the computer chip.
“We will. We shall. We win.” Miss Coal Mine Dust number-three spun around to face the opposite side of the avenue. “Let’s go and look down the opposite side first. This side has three other exhibition podiums. We robbed the first one. And no one else is here to take them,” she dashed ahead and leaped into the air, dropping down onto the floor for fun with a laugh, racing down the end of the hallway with a giggle of excitement. She skidded and halted, standing in front of the last exhibition podium near the end of the hallway with a smile. The rest of her team mates dashed down the hallway and slammed into their friend for fun with a set of giggles and grins, surrounding Miss Coal Mine Dust number-three and the exhibition podium.
On the forward wall of pink hue, there was a short podium of matching pink tone with an orange tinted hologram keyboard on top of the metal stand, where the archivist could enter and type out the correct title in order to snatch up the new artifact for the extraction process. On the forward wall above the exhibition stand, there was a set of big and bold black tinted capital letters in print: Germany.
Miss Coal Mine Dust number-two smiled down at the exhibition podium and then the pink tinted wall with a puzzled brow. “Germany. Go and grab the artifact that has been shipped from the country of Germany inside the brown tinted soil.”
Miss Coal Mine Dust number-one bounced up and down with excitement, “Hurry! Hurry! Before the other archive teams come up the tunnel.”
“Okay! I’m burying both my hands down into the dirt. The dirt is soft.” Miss Coal Mine Dust number-three reached down and dropped both hands into the triangle shaped pile of brown dirt with a smile.
The forward wall sounded with a soft ping and then showed the math number of one while slowing counting to the number six with a matching soft ping.
“The wall clock has started the pinging noise. It shows one second. Hurry! Hurry!” Miss Coal Mine Dust number-two bounced up and down with a grin. The forward wall sounded with a soft ping and then showed the math number of two while slowing counting to the number six with a matching soft ping.
Miss Coal Mine Dust number-three scooted the dirt side to side with a puzzled brow. The forward wall sounded with a soft pin and then showed the math number of three while slowly counting to the number of six.
“Three seconds are left now, sister!” Miss Coal Mine Dust number-two looked down with a worried brow at the dirt and then up to see the wall clock. The forward wall sounded with a soft pin and then showed the math number of three while slowly counting to the number of six.
Both the hands of the Miss Coal Mine Dust number-three continued to scatter the dirt over the metal podium and down onto the floor and as she frowned at the exhibition podium.
Miss Coal Mine Dust number-one frowned down at the scattered dirt. “What’s wrong?”
“I can’t find anything.” Miss Coal Mine Dust number-three nodded with a grin. “It’s the force field.”
Miss Coal Mine Dust number-one frowned down at the scattered dirt. “No!"
She frowned. "I don’t feel a force field around the object. I don’t feel anything but the smooth metal and the soft sand.” The forward wall sounded with a soft pin and then showed the math number of four while slowly counting to the number of six.
Miss Coal Mine Dust number-two bounced up and down with worry. “Two seconds are left now on the wall, sister!” The forward wall sounded with a soft pin and then showed the math number of five while slowly counting to the number of six.
Miss Coal Mine Dust number-three wiped all the dirt from the hard surface with a gasp of alarm. “It’s not here. This is not a force field either. There is not an artifact either.” The forward wall sounded with a soft pin and then showed the math number of six while slowly counting to the final number, before something bad happened to the archive team. She shouted in fear at her three teammates. “Run! Get away! The artifact from the country of Germany has been robbed by the archive team from the country of Canada already,” Miss Coal Mine Dust number-two back stepped from the podium and the three other team mates, spinning around with a worried brow, dashing away from the podium and the three other team mates with a yell of fear. “Get away! The floor is going to open up and eat us.”
The three other team mates quickly back stepped with a gasp from the podium and spun around, rapidly running away from the exhibition podium that represented the country of Germany. The solid floor slid open with a soft hiss as a set of faint voices echoed in gasps of alarm. Then, the opening slowly closed up and re-created a solid floor again as the set of faint voices echoed in a series of screaming boos.
Then, a new pile of brown colored dirt formed in a new triangular formation on top of the metal surface for a second time and as the wall clock morphed into black hue by the computer chip.
On the same fifth floor avenue, the archive team from the country of China stopped and stood in front of a new exhibition station while exhaling in a series of heavy breaths in fear and panic.
Miss Coal Mine Dust number-one exhaled in a set of long breathes of fright, “That…that was too close!”
“Yeah!” Miss Coal Mine Dust number-three coughed and exhaled in a set of long breathes too. “We must learn to be more careful.”
Miss Coal Mine Dust number-one coughed and exhaled in set of long breathes of worry. “Yeah! We must learn to become more smarter to win the Archive Ball.”
Miss Coal Mine Dust number-four exhaled in set long breathes of excitement. “Look! We stand in front of a new podium. We can collect the artifact here. The wall displays the country of Ireland.”
Miss Coal Mine Dust number-one coughed and exhaled in set of long breathes of worry, spinning around to face the opposite side of the avenue with a sour frown, slowly strolling ahead toward the same USA exhibition podium. “No! Forget it! The archive team from the country of Canada has raided this side of the avenue when we found them on the other side. Then, they ran away with the two artifacts while escaping up the side tunnel on the same hallway. So, don’t touch the red colored soil that comes from the country of Ireland! Or we’ll be running away again from another open hole in the floor. The open hole leads down into a dark pit. Dickana warned us about that. When your hands reach out and touch the pile of real soil, the wall clock will start to tick up to six seconds. Then you have six seconds to find and figure out the hidden artifact. However, if the artifact had been alright found, then the wall clock ticks up to six seconds anyways. So, we need to swiftly figure out if the artifact is there or not.”
Miss Coal Mine Dust number-four spun around with a stern face and followed behind the back spine of Miss Coal Mine Dust number-one with a nod. “We must learn to be more careful.”
Miss Coal Mine Dust number-three stood in place and stared down at the Africa exhibition podium with a worried brow. “I hate this Archive Ball.”
Miss Coal Mine Dust number-two reached over and cuddled her team mate with a smile, moving them ahead down the avenue and away from the Ireland exhibition, following behind the back spine of Miss Coal Mine Dust number-three. “It is a competition with all the other talented archivists, sister. We must think a lot smarter than the rest of the archive teams in order to defeat all the other teen archivists. And we can do it. Have more confidence, my sister!” 
Miss Coal Mine Dust number-one crossed the open threshold, where the tunnel entrance came from the second floor and continued up to the sixth floor and passed the USA exhibition podium. “We robbed the USA exhibition station and grabbed the American flag. Now, we will continue our victory with a new exhibition station,” she stopped and stood in front of a new exhibition podium with a smile and a nod. “I feel good now. This new exhibition station has not been touched. We can steal the artifact from here. Gather around me while I do my thing!” The three team mates stopped and posed around her.
On the forward wall of pink hue, there was a short podium of matching pink tone with an orange tinted hologram keyboard on top of the metal stand, where the archivist could enter and type out the correct title in order to snatch up the new artifact for the extraction process. On the forward wall above the exhibition stand, there was a set of big and bold black tinted capital letters in print: Malta.
Miss Coal Mine Dust number-three smiled down at the exhibition station and then up to see the pink tinted wall with a puzzled brow. “Malta. Is that an island?”
“Whatever! Get the hidden artifact that has been shipped here from the country of Malta inside the orange tinted sand, sister.” Miss Coal Mine Dust number-two bounced up and down with a smile and stared down at the pile of orange sand on top of the exhibition station.
Miss Coal Mine Dust number-one reached down and buried both hands down into the orange soil with a smile, scattering the sand grains over the metal surface. The forward wall sounded with a soft ping and then showed the math number of one while slowly counting to the number of six. The three other team mates did not cheer but continued to stare at the scattering orange tinted sand grains in silence. The forward wall sounded with a soft ping and then showed the math number of two while slowly counting to the number of six.
Miss Coal Mine Dust number-one whipped back both hands from the invisible force field on top of the metal surface with a gasp. “I see it. It's a dead bird in blue and black colors.” The forward wall sounded with a soft ping and then showed the math number of three while slowly counting to the number of six.
“It is a real dead and stuffed native bird,” Miss Coal Mine Dust number-two laughed, “A Malta thrush, usually a native live bird of the island.” The forward wall sounded with a soft ping and then showed the math number of four while slowly counting to the number of six. The invisible force field lifted around the object. The spilled orange tinted sand grains on top of the hard surface violently shifted side to side and then was sucked back down into the metal cabinet. On the floor, the spilled sand wiggled side to side and then dropped down into a set of open tiny groves down into the floor. Then, the bird wiggled side to side in motion on top of the empty hard metal surface. She yelled with a smile. “Grab it now, sister!”
“Get it! Get it, the dead bird!” Miss Coal Mine Dust number-three yelled out loud with a smile. 
Miss Coal Mine Dust number-one reached down and snatched up the stuffed blue and red colored bird near a smile, “Our artifact now!”
Miss Coal Mine Dust number-three scooted around her team mates and moved ahead down the pink tinted avenue, stopping and stood in front of a new exhibition station with a smile. 
On the forward wall of pink hue, there was a short podium of matching pink tone with an orange tinted hologram keyboard on top of the metal stand, where the archivist could enter and type out the correct title in order to snatch up the new artifact for the extraction process. On the forward wall above the exhibition stand, there was a set of big and bold black tinted capital letters in print: Egypt.
She smiled. “I'll reach down and grab the new artifact. Everyone, please, get over here! We need to swiftly finish the avenue and dash up to the sixth floor as the other archive teams battle below inside the two floors,” she reached down and buried both hands down into the gray soil with a smile, scattering the soil over the metal surface. “Yuck! The soil is gray colored and kinda sticky. What type of soil is this?” She continued to scatter the soil side to side with a smile while searching for the hidden artifact. The forward wall sounded with a soft ping and then showed the math number of one while slowly counting to the number six with a matching soft ping, before something bad happened to the archive team members.
The three team mates spun around from the Malta exhibition station and dashed ahead with a smile, stopping and surrounded Miss Coal Mine Dust number-three.
The forward wall sounded with a soft ping and then showed the math number of two while slowing counting to the number six with a matching soft ping.
Miss Coal Mine Dust number-four pointed up at the wall with a laugh. “The wall reads in big bold capital letters: Egypt. That's dried cow dung in the color of gray tint which is mixed in with the gray tinted soil,” she laughed with the other three team mates. The forward wall sounded with a soft ping and then showed the math number of two while slowing counting to the number six with a matching soft ping.
“What!” Miss Coal Mine Dust number-three whipped both hands out from the dried animal dung material with a sour frown. The forward wall sounded with a soft ping and then showed the math number of three while slowing counting to the number six with a matching soft ping.
Miss Coal Mine Dust number-one bounced up and down among the team mates with a smile, staring at the pile of gray dung. “Get the artifact! The animal dung won’t harm your hands. Both your hands are covered in black slime paint. Finish the search! Get the artifact before the six seconds ends right now!” The forward wall sounded with a soft ping and then showed the math number of four while slowing counting to the number six with a matching soft ping.
Miss Coal Mine Dust number-three whipped both hands into the whip while flinging some of particles of the dried animal dung against the wall and the floor with a sour frown, back stepping with a sour tone away from the exhibition station. “You do it!”
Miss Coal Mine Dust number-four exhaled with a huff of annoyance and moved ahead, standing in front of the exhibition station, dropped a pair of black tinted slime painted hands down into the gray animal dung with a smile. “Do you see? No! Do you feel? Yes! The cow dung is harmless, my silly sister,” she scattered the dung around the metal hard surface with a smile while seeking the artifact. The forward wall sounded with a soft ping and then showed the math number of five while slowing counting to the number six with a matching soft ping.
Miss Coal Mine Dust number-two bounced up and down with excitement. Hurry! Hurry! You’re taking too long.”
Miss Coal Mine Dust number-one frowned down at the scattered gray dung particles. “What’s wrong?” The forward wall sounded with a soft ping and then showed the math number of four while slowing counting to the number six with a matching soft ping.
Miss Coal Mine Dust number-four frowned down at the hard metal surface. “I am not finding an artifact here.”
Miss Coal Mine Dust number-three nodded. “You feel the invisible force field first. It kinda slightly warms all the finger pads on each hand, which is how you know, that you have touched it the force field that surrounds the artifact.” The forward wall sounded with a soft ping and then showed the math number of five while slowing counting to the number six with a matching soft ping.
Miss Coal Mine Dust number-four frowned with confusion down at the metal surface of the exhibition station. “I am not feeling an invisible force field or seeing an artifact. I have cleared the entire surface. Do you see this? It is only gray tinted dirt and a pink tinted metal surface.”
Miss Coal Mine Dust number-three gasped in alarm down at the empty metal surface. “Impossible! Something has to be in there! Each exhibition station has an artifact as told by Dickana. She is a vicious person but does not lie. Something came from the country of Egypt.” The forward wall sounded with a soft ping and then showed the math number of six.
Miss Coal Mine Dust number-four frowned with confusion and roamed both hands over the metal surface of the exhibition station. “No! Look! Nothing is here. There is no artifact.” The forward wall continued to display the math number of six.
Miss Coal Mine Dust number-three pointed at the wall with a gasp of alarm. “Look up here! The wall clock has stopped on the math number of six. Run away from the exhibition station right now!”
The solid floor below each shoe softly rattled side to side and then slowly opened with a soft hiss. Then, each member of the archive team from the country of China dropped down and descended down, sliding over a sloped slide, flying down into the darkness of the hidden pit. Then, the opening slowly slid shut with a soft hiss on top of the pink tinted metal avenue.
On top of the exhibition table, a new pile of gray colored animal dung swiftly built into a new triangular pile on top of the hard metal surface for a second time and as the wall clock turned back into black hue by the computer chip.


§


On the first floor of the auditorium room, inside the floating chair, Ms. Chinese Ambassador continued to watch the screen and chewed the food, mouth spitting out the used food particles over the food tray with a sour tone. “What happened? What happened to my archive team, Dickana?”
Dickana lounged inside the floating chair and stared at the screen with a vicious laugh and a wicked grin. “O no! Not one of the archive team members accurately shouted out the correct name of the artifact that came from the country of Egypt.”
Ms. France Ambassador frowned at the screen. “They didn’t find an artifact from the country of Egypt.”
Ms. Bahamas Ambassador turned and sneered at the nose profile of Mr. Egypt Ambassador. “You cheated me and my archive team out of the honor of the grand prize, Mr. Egypt Ambassadork. There is not an artifact on top of the exhibition station.”
Mr. Egypt Ambassador turned his chair and his smile at Ms. Bahamas Ambassador. “I do not cheat ever. Each one of us draw the position from the glass bowl inside the private office of Dickana last night at midnight and then each one of us was required to setup the exhibition station inside the glass pyramid with our native artifact, before the beginning of the archive ball. I do that with each one of you.”
Mr. Russia Ambassador swerved her floating chair around with a smile to see hostess American Dickana in front of the glass wall. “Each one of us was blindfolded and then escorted through the glass pyramid in blindness, stopping in front of our particular exhibition station to set up the native artifact. I don’t know if you did it or not. Did you see her setup the artifact, Dickana?”
Dickana smiled at Mr. Russia Ambassador. “No.”
Ms. Bahamas Ambassador lowered the floating chair back down onto the floor and stood upright with a sneer, staring at the nose profile of Mr. Egypt with a sour tone. “I don’t see an artifact among the gray colored dried bull dung material.”
“The material content on top of the metal stand is cow dung, not bull dung, Ms. Bahamas. You should visit my native country and learn more about the usage of animal dung. The dung is used to fertile the crop fields.”
“So, you admit that you eat shit!”
Mr. Egypt Ambassador snarled. “What did you say to me, Ms. Bahamas?”
Ms. Bahamas Ambassador laughed. “You eat shit!”
“I will not sit around for that insult. Thus, I will stand and perform a better insult. You are a shit. How is that one?”
Mr. Germany Ambassador slowly lowered the floating chair back down over the floor and then slowly stood upright with a smile, moving around the room, lifting both palms into the air with a nod, “All right! Everyone, please, please, calm down in here! We are a set of civilized beings that sit here. There will be no insults or the tossing of an individual cow dung around the room, figuratively speaking, of course. I am curious too. Mr. Egypt Ambassador, you placed the artifact inside the gray colored cow dung patties. My eyeballs missed the artifact also like the archive team of teens. What is the artifact?”
Mr. Egypt Ambassador tossed back his bone skull with his vicious laughter, dropping down his whiskered chin and wore a wicked grin, sliding back down into the chair with a grin, staring at the distorted face of Ms. Bahamas. “The artifact is the treasure from the country of Egypt, the gray tinted cow dung.” The other mentors gasped and then laughed with a vicious tone.
Ms. Japan Ambassador clapped with a laugh inside the floating chair. “That is very, very clear, Mr. Egypt!”
“What happened to my archive team, Dickana?” Ms. Bahamas Ambassador frowned at Dickana.
Dickana smiled. “The archive team from the country of the Bahamas did not accurately name the artifact from the country of Egypt, so they dropped down into one of the fun pits, a trap for not getting the artifact correctly. I had explained the rules before the archive hunt.”
Mr. Switzerland Ambassador gasped at Dickana. “Can the teens get out of the Pit, before the start of the archive ball and attend the parties, and the dances, and the dinner meals?”
Dickana turned with a smile and a wink to see Kara. “Of course, every teen can survive and get out of the Pit, by using their brains and their wits.”


§


Underneath the fifth floor of red tint, down inside the deep, dark pit, the room was square-shaped with a set of white solid walls that did not contain an exit door or a set of viewing window panes. On the forward wall, there were long row of tables that contained numerous cold and hot food trays with a set of tubs of hot and cold beverages. The side walls were empty of art works and glass windows. In the middle of the room, there were columns of vertical tables. On column held a set of long empty tables, where a set of four individual decks of playing cards were housed for fun. A second column held a set of pool table for playing a game of billiards for more fun. A third column held a set of ping-pong tables for hitting a tiny ball across the tiny netting for extreme fun.
Each member of the archive team from the country of China hit down onto a soft foam floor inside a cold pit of bright blinking light. Each face could not see the new room. Each body was jumbled into a tight huddle on top of the floor. Then, each hand lifted and covered both eyelashes from the bright light and as each mouth dropped open with fear.
A male voice laughed inside the room and within the blinking bright light. “Do you see and smell them? I told you that we would be having some fun today.”
“Where are we?” Miss Coal Mine Dust number-one continued to sit on top of the cold hard floor in the blinking light beside her team mates with a worried brow.
The male voice laughed inside the room within the bright light. “We don’t actually know the name of our new place and space. But we all have dubbed it, The Pit. I think that we are located on the fifth floor, somewhere underneath the sixth floor, since we slid down a long slide which landed us here on a soft foam floor, without breaking a neck bone or busting a nostril or knocking you unconscious.”
“Who are you?” Miss Coal Mine Dust number-three continued to sit on top of the floor in the blinking light beside her team mates with a worried brow.
“We are the archive team from the country of Canada.”
Miss Coal Mine Dust number-four continued to sit on top of the floor in the blinking light beside her team mates with a worried brow “I thought all of you ran away and dashed up the fifth floor for more artifacts.”
The male voice sneered inside the bright light. “We didn’t. The solid floor on the fifth pink tinted avenue opened, after we didn’t answer the artifact on the exhibition station. Then, we all descended into this pit of bright light. Your eyes will adjust to the bright lights in a few more minutes. Now, you are here with us.”
Miss Coal Mine Dust number-four continued to sit on top of the floor in the blinking light beside her team mates with a worried brow. “How do we get out from the Pit?”
The male voice laughed. “O! We have figured out a way to get out of the Pit. Do you want us to show you?”
Miss Coal Mine Dust number-four slowly stood upright and blinked both eyelashes as the blinking light diminished, seeing the room with a sneer, “Of course, silly Canadian! We wanna get outta of the pit too. Show us right now! Before, you are sorry.”
The male voice laughed at the four petite archive team members from the country of China. “I do believe that you will be the sorry ones.”
Miss Coal Mine Dust number-four slowly stood upright and blinked both of her eyelashes as the blinking light diminished seeing the room with a gasp of alarm and slammed her body with both her two naked hands. “What happened to my black slime paint? My slime paint is all gone. I’m only wearing my red tinted body suit. Where did all particles of black tinted slime paint go?”
A new female voice laughed inside the pit and stared down at the four girls. “Each particle of slime paint evaporated off your body suit as your body slid down the sloped slide and then finally arrived here inside the pit with us.”
Miss Coal Mine Dust number-one could see the four members of the archive team from the country of Canada that held a sharp hunting knife with a gasp of fear “I don’t understand. What are you doing with that knife? Weapons and violence are not allowed here at the fun and friendly but competitive archive hunt? What does all of this mean?”
The female voice laughed out loud again and as the female lifted up and held the hunting knife near a smile. “He is mean.” The archive team from the country of Canada advanced ahead and attacked the four innocent, unarmed females on the archive team from the country of China. Each person screamed in fun or fear while the four Chinese girls slowly died from body mutilation of four individual hunting knifes inside a deep, dark pit underneath the sixth floor.


§


Back the fifth floor in the hue of pink metal, the leader, Mr. Pharaoh around from the exhibition station with a smile and dashed ahead, moving down the avenue. “This avenue is filled with numerous exhibitions and I don't hear any noises coming from the other teens. I’m getting the next artifact at the nearest exhibition station on this side of the avenue. Follow me right now!”
“Yay!” Miss Brown Fish dashed behind her leader with a smile and lifted both arms into the air with a cheer. “This way to the loot, archive team of brave and bold Egyptians. We will collect and conquer, stealing all the artifacts on this side.” The rest of her two team mates dashed ahead with a set of cheers and smiles, following their leader.
Mr. Pharaoh stopped and stood in front of the first exhibition on the red tinted floor. 
On the forward wall of red hue, a short podium of matching metal with a pale blue tinted hologram keyboard on top of the stand, where the archivist must enter the correct title to snatch up the new artifact for extraction. There was a pile of brown colored dirt that hid the new artifact. On the forward wall above the exhibition podium, there was a set of big and bold black tinted capital letters in print: Fiji.
He smiled down at the new exhibition.


§


On the first floor, inside the auditorium, Mr. Egypt Ambassador wiggled side to side with nervousness inside his floating chair that hovered a few inches above the hard floor and waved a free hand with a sour frown. “No! No! The fifth-floor artifacts are all gone, my archive team.”
Ms. Canada Ambassador sneered. “How do you know that information, Mr. Egypt Ambassadork? Are you cheating somehow? Are you signaling your archive team to cheat also?”
He exhaled at the side wall and watched his archive team. “No! I never cheat at a game or on a test. The other archive teams had been there and gotten each artifact. My archive team is wasting too much time playing on the exhibition station and this is floor avenue. Move up the next floor, bold and brave Egyptians!”


§


On the fifth floor in red metal glow, Mr. Pharaoh continued to stare down at the exhibition without touching the dirt and then turned to see an empty hallway. "Let's go! This hallway spooks me. There aren’t any noises or screams or shouts or footsteps coming from an alive archive teen. That means all the artifacts have been found," he back stepped from the table and spun around, dashing ahead back to the same staircase. "We go and find out of the artifacts on the sixth floor."


§


On the first floor of the auditorium room, inside the floating chair, Mr. Egypt Ambassador wiggled with excitement inside his floating lounge chair and smiled at the television screen. "That's my lad! Go! Go up to the next floor! There are numerous artifacts on the sixth floor."


§


On the staircase moving up towards the sixth floor, without seeing another archive teen but hearing lots of commotion on the fifth-floor level without stopping to investigate or pretending to car for another archive teen, the trio of American teens slowly climbed up each step.
Lowell smiled down at the tiny screen on his phone. "On a happier note, how do you maintain a sparkle of white teeth? A set of teeth are supposed to lost until your death day and go with you down into the grave site."
Trux frowned down at the tiny screen on his phone while viewing a new Hollywood movie film in fast forward mode during the long, boring trip to the top of the building. "Don't be so morbid and talk about death. Death is a permanent condition, where no human comes back from..."
Victoriana frowned down at the tiny screen on her phone while watching the fashion runaway of new fashion clothes. "Don't end a sentence in a proposition, Trux! Don't talk about death, Lowell! So, how do I maintain my sweet sparkling smile?"
Lowell said. "Beverages of wine, sodas, sports drinks and food entrees with tomato, curry, soy sauces and all acidic rich foods will make your smile dull. In-between bits of food, you need to swish your mouth out with water. Then, rinse your mouth with more water after eating or drinking."
"I'm too busy eating and drinking to stop eating and drinking to drink plain warm water," Trux laughed.
He smiled. "Chew sugarless gun which keeps your teeth healthy. The sugarless gun starts mouth salvia flowing and washing away acids that form bacteria babies inside your mouth as your teeth and tongue break down the food items. Mouth saliva contains calcium and phosphate which protects the tooth enamel."
Trux smiled. "Your male sperm contains calcium also. Did you know that, Lowell? Can I use my ...?"
"Bad, bad boy, Trux!" Victoriana chuckled with Lowell.
Lowell smiled. "Yeah, I did, Trux. Keeping your smile and teeth healthy includes flossing and brushing and using a mouth rinse that kills plaque-causing bacteria babies. You can use a whitening tooth paste but the texture is abrasive on my gums. I don't like to use that type of toothpaste. You can eat crunch fruits and vegetables that give your teeth a little scrub keeping out the bacteria babies. Also, you must brush your teeth for three minutes..."
"Three minutes! It doesn't take me three minutes to brush my teeth. I can pee fasting than that and complete the entire procedure in two minutes. Why do I need to brush my teeth in three minutes? Where did the dental scientists get that amount of time," Trux frowned as Victoriana laughed from the funny conversation.
Lowell repeated with a smile. "To keep a healthy and sparkling smile, you must brush your teeth for three minutes, not one minute or two minutes, but three minutes, Trux."
"Okay!" Trux smiled down the movie film on his phone screen.
He smiled. "Do not smoke cigars or cigarettes or joints and avoid all teas, coffees, wine, sports drinks, and carbonated beverages, including food berries."
Trux looked up with a stern face and surveyed the rest of the steps on the tallest metal staircase in the world, saying with puzzlement. "My dentist told me that your teeth do grow dull and turn yellow as you get older. That's part of growing older and wiser. Why would I wanna brighten my teeth when that is supposed to happen?"
He laughed. "So, you can look young and youthful." Lowell laughed.
Trux frowned at the hairy skull on Victoriana. "My parents are older and healthy and wiser. Their teeth are healthy and sorta a little yellow looking. Well, to me, if the Prime Creator wants my teeth to dull down into a little yellow hue, while I continue to live until I am one hundred years old, then I'm fine with the Prime Creator and the yellow teeth."
"Amen!" Lowell smiled down at his phone screen. "Yogurt and some fruit pieces contain high acid foods and can hurt your teeth enamel. You can neutralize the acids inside your mouth by chewing sugarless gum, sipping water, and brushing your teeth on a routine basis. Finally, you should toss out your toothbrush every six months and replace with a new one keeping your teeth, your tongue, your gums, and your entire mouth healthy. The end."
Trux looked back down and finished clicking fast forward through the rest of the boring Hollywood movie film, typing on the tiny keyboard and found a new medical article. "What are the benefits of salt? Does anyone else know?"
"No." Lowell said.
"No." Victoriana was busy watching another clothing fashion walkway event from the country of Spain.
Trux smiled. "Salt is..."
"Hey, ya'll! We're getting closer to the sixth-floor level," Lowell looked up and frowned at the tallest staircase in the world, talking to his two co-workers. "Are we interested in getting off and playing one of the exhibitions for a secret artifact?"
"No." Victoriana said.
"No." Trux said. "Salt is used for canker sores. Ugh! I bet that feeling really hurts from the rough particles in the salt substitute. Salt is used to soak an ingrown toenail. Ugh! That sounds harsh too. Salt is used on a runny nose, if you have a cold or the flu or allergies. Really! Is that so hurtful on your raw nostrils? I don't have any of these medical conditions on my body. The medical skin condition of psoriasis and eczema is treated with salt. Yuck! That's sound so wrong!"
"Maybe, you need to find a more pleasant body part subject, Trux." Victoriana softly giggle d and shook her long curls pondering the innocent and naive country cowboy. She wondered how would make a living in the business world. He was lucky that his parents owned a farm, where he could be employed."
Lowell laughed. "I have accessed the same medical article, Trux. The salt used is not common table salt. The salt product is known as salt water salt that comes places like the Dead Sea in the Middle East and the Blue Lagoon in Iceland. Have you ever touched salt sea?"
"Yes, Victoriana smiled.
"No!" Trux frowned.
Lowell smiled. "Sea salt possesses a sweeter taste and softer texture from the salty sea rather than common table salt that comes from the hard, cold ground. The medical article is correct. Sea salt and Epsom salt are healing salt from the earth soil too, which is used by medical physicians. Find another cool medical article, Trux!"
They passed the sixth-floor avenue without stopping and continued to climb the tallest staircase in the world, playing on their individual mobile telephone in silence.


§


On the seventh floor, in the middle of the green tinted metal avenue, Gemma, alone and lonely, continued to dash ahead while quickly scanning each sign, looking for the Swedish exhibition, without success and in frustration. She only had two more avenue floors to search, before the end of her archive adventure and the start of the archive ball. Then, she heard a loud hiss of the invisible air pressure with a gasp. The rear wall dropped down from the ceiling and blocked her footpath behind her butthole. Next, a forward wall of green steel quickly fell down from the ceiling and blocked her footpath in front of her face.
Gemma gasped in alarm. “This is one of these nasty traps that Dickana mentioned in her vocal instructions.” The air changed with a loud hiss. She smelled the scent of bananas and lifted both of her hands, covering the exposed nose with fear. The smell made her feel funny like she was floating above the clouds. “Laughing gas! This invisible mist is laughing gas.” Then the forward wall opened. She slowly wobbled ahead and as her mind could not focus in the distance from a set of dizzy eyeballs.
Gemma collapsed down onto the hard metal floor and closed both of her two eyelashes.
Several feet behind Gemma, the archivist team from the country of France slowly moved ahead over the green tinted audience after acquiring a blue and yellow tiny toy parrot with a black beck among the true tiny tree branches coming from the country of Ecuador, producing cheers of victory from the archive hunt, within the lovely glass pyramid.
Miss Liberty shuffled backwards with a smile and placed the artifact down inside her backpack, when a new wall in green steel slid sideways from the side wall, producing a loud hiss, without hitting her back spine. Each member of the team ran a few inches ahead and then slammed a nose bridge into a dropping forward wall in matching green hue and then halted with screams of panic and fear. One of the ceiling panels slid open and then dropped down a massive set of helium balloons that slowly descended and then softly assaulted each team member with love.
Miss Shoe looked up with a smile and captured each colorful balloon floating down into her happy face. “I like this. This is fun.”
Mr. Eiffel Tower frowned. "Shut up, Miss Shoe! If an archivist member is interested here? We're lagging behind all of the other archive teams within the archive hunt for acquiring more other hidden artifacts.”
Miss Liberty frowned and slowly touched the metal looking for an escape hole. "We all know that part. Help me find an escape hole here in the metal!" 
Miss Shoe continued to punch each one of the falling colorful balloons for her fun while slamming the balloon back into the back spines on her three friends, dancing in a circle while singing the national anthem for more fun. Then she slammed her butthole into the yellow tinted stationary table that reacted to the motion. The wall clock started to click from zero to one counting forward. Miss Shoe giggled with silliness and continued to dance around the enclosed green tinted prison with more fun, chasing after each falling colorful balloon, slamming into the back spine on Miss Liberty.
Miss Liberty was on her two kneecaps and touched the steel wall with the flag and then the rifle butt while sneering with annoyance at her silly teammate, slowly standing upright from the hard metal and then spin around and gasped in shock. "O no! The wall clock is marching towards two seconds." The other two teammates spun around from the green tinted steel wall and gasped in shock at the wall clock in silence horror.
Miss Liberty pointed at the wall clock in worry and fear. " What has happened in here? Why is the wall clock working again? That should not be working again. We came here and figured out that real dead bird and snatched up the silly artifact. Someone, please, answer me! Someone, come up with a solution here, before..."
"Too late!" Mr. Eiffel Tower looked down and viewed a deep, dark pit, screaming in horror and fear, dropping down through the darkness with the other three teens.
Down inside the deep, dark pit, underneath the sixth floor of pink hue metal, Mr. Eiffel Tower landed down on top of a long and wide floor of soft foam, settling on both of his kneecaps. His blackish-silver-tinted slime costume with the fake Eiffel Tower was gone and his body was exposed wearing a white tinted short-sleeved tee shirt and a pair of white tinted walking shorts, and a pair of bare feet.
The three other France teens landed on the same soft foam bouncing up and down on a back spine without pain or injury.
Miss Liberty wore a red tinted bikini top with a pair of high-waist trousers and a pair of naked feet. Two items were used and then covered in the yellow-tinted slime paint for her archive costume. She huffed out sour breathes of fear and annoyance, once she shook her body for any type of injuries. She slowly stood upright first and sneered at the line of four males. Each man displayed a head of cropped red tinted haired, a pair of green tinted eyeballs, and a tone of pink tinted skin while pointing and laughing at each France teen.
Miss Shoe stopped bouncing on top of the vanilla tinted soft foam floor and slowly sat upright on her two naked kneecaps, touching her naked skin in pale hue, wearing a pink tinted bikini with a pair of naked feet also. She smiled and winked with innocent flirtation at the line of cute teen males. "Well, that thing is finally gone from my body! I'm glad and happy."
"Where are we?" Mr. Rooster slowly stood upright while checking for a body cut or bleeding wound without injury and stared at the line of four familiar teens. The four males represented the Ireland archive team.
Mr. Eiffel Tower slowly stood upright and smiled at the four males wondering how to get out of the pit, inquiring with these four teens. "Dickana told us that there would be fun traps. And I do believe that each one of us has found one of the fun traps. How long have you been down here? Have you figured out a way to get outta of here, yet?"
The four teens continued to stand in a line and stared at the four France teens. The first teen smiled. "That's a nice question coming from Mr. Eiffel Tower..."
Mr. Eiffel Tower slapped his tee shirt and nodded with a smile. "My name is..."
The second Ireland teen sneered and then smiled. "I am not interested in your name. We all had been slime-painted as set of four Celtic warriors that toted a round shield and a particular Celtic weapon. Our motto states: during Celtic warfare, a single combat measures one's warrior prowess by challenging an individual from the opposing team to the death."
"Death!" The first Irish teen sneered.
"Death!" The third Irish teen smiled.
"Death!" The fourth Irish teen laughed.
"Done! Dude, ya'll are so messed up. How many minutes or hours or days have all of ya'll been down here in the dark pit and playing with yourself, since the start of the hunt." Mr. Rooster laughed.
The second Ireland teen smiled. "Alas! When we voluntarily descended into this deep, dark pit, we lost all of our slime paint on our bodies. But, you can that we have been provided for our comfortable but long or short stay here down inside the Pit. We have a long foam floor and a wall of exercise equipment and other stuff. Are you interested in some fresh refreshments? The long table on the opposite side wall offers some scrupulous treats."
Miss Shoe stood upright with a wink at the cute Ireland teen and spun around, slowly moving ahead. The first Ireland teen spun around and joined her at the food table. They both stopped in front of the table and stared down at each bowl of food.
He smiled. "Do you wanna some juicy sweet cherries? They're fresh and tasty."
She winked at the teen. "Hmm! You seem to be fresh and tasty too. Do you have a girlfriend for the archive dance tonight at the ball?" Miss Shoe looked down with a smile and then frowned at the bowl of cherries with puzzlement. "That's usual here, sporting a bowl of cherries during an action exercise run. I'd have thought the refreshment table would had hold dozens of nutritious power bars and buckets of cold fruit juices for each starving and stressing active teen archivist. And the bowl of cherries looks funny."
He reached out and picked up the bowl, grabbing one of the cherries, lifting the food item into her lips. "It's the dull lamps here inside the dark, deep pit. Dickana described the environment correctly. Dark pit!" Miss Shoe smiled with a wink and closed her two eyelashes, opening her mouth. The first Ireland teen shoved the cherry onto her tongue with a smile.
She closed her mouth and forcefully crunched the cherry, frowning with confusion, swallowing the hard object down her throat. Miss Shoe opened her two eyelashes and stared at the male teen. "That was weird. A cherry is soft and chewy that almost slides down your throat. That one was hard and hard to chew. It tasted bitter also."
"Well, I'm not surprise. You are eating the hard pit from the sweet cherry, not the cherry fruit." He laughed with a wicked grin.
"What! I ate the cherry pit. O no! A cherry pit is ..." Miss Shoe grabbed her throat with both of her manicured hands and then coughed and then gagged and then coughed out loud while sucking in air molecules down her tight throat.
Miss Liberty did not move but continued to stand on top of the soft foam floor, turning to sneer at the nose profile on Miss Shoe. "What's happening over there, Miss Shoe? What are you doing over there with that unknown and unfamiliar teen from Ireland? Come back over here, this instant and stop flirting with him, right now, Miss Shoe!"
The second Irish teen approached Mr. Eiffel Tower and stopped with nod, reaching out, slapping one the skinny arms on the tall and skinny France teen. "Dude, you need to build up some hard muscles for your cute wicked leader, Miss Liberty." He turned and winked at Miss Liberty.
Miss Liberty turned and sneered at the rude and ill-breed Ireland teen. "What game are you playing down here with us? How long have you been down here, since the Ice Age? We don't want food or exercise or slumber. We wanna get outta of here really fast and continue the archive hunt trying to win the grand prize."
The second Irish teen jerked Mr. Eiffel Tower away from Miss Liberty with laughter and then slowly pulled the France teen towards the side wall, opening his palm, displaying a handful of blue berries. He leaned over and smiled into the nose profile on Mr. Eiffel Tower. "The secret of permanent manly muscle growth is vitamins. The natural juice, proteins, and acids help build manly muscles, man." He stopped and stood in front of the wall of exercise equipment, extending his palm to the France teen, winking with a smile. "Eat a handful of berries and then start working out on the provided fitness equipment, while we wait for rescue from hostess Dickana. I promise. Your body will immediately change for the good."
Mr. Eiffel Tower chuckled with the wise manly advise and grabbed the berries, tilting his bone skull backwards, dropping the wet fruit down into his mouth. He tossed his chin upright and chewed the berries, swallowing quickly, nodding with a smile. He reached out and touched one of the hand-held weighs, coughing out loud, clearing his throat. "Wow! I feel something fast already."
He laughed out loud and quickly stepped backwards, "Go for the burn, man!"
The third Irish teen moved from the solid wall with a smile and quickly approached Miss Liberty, standing in front of her distorted face, offering a handful of seeds. He grabbed one of the seeds and tossed the item in the air, tilting back his bone skull, opening his mouth and missed the single tiny seed. The seed dropped down on the dark floor in silence.
Miss Liberty laughed at the fool and reached down, grabbing a handful of seeds, dumping them into her open mouth. "This is the correct way to eat a sunflower seed, dork!"
"O really! Please show me, Miss Liberty." He laughed out loud.
On the side wall, Miss Shoe continued to gag and inhale for air molecules, slowly dropping down at her two kneecaps on the hard floor. "What is wrong with me? I... can’t...breath..."
The first Irish teen knelt down and smiled into her blonde tinted hair roots. "O no! You shouldn't have eaten the cherry pit. A cherry pit when bitten into the hard stone is full of prussic acid or cyanide poisonous juice. When you swallow the cherry pit hole, the pit passes through your biological system without any problems and comes out from your butthole. Ouch! However, if you crunch or crush or eat the hard pit, then you die. I do believe that you have poisoned your person. And alas, we are all enclosed down here inside a dark, deep pit. Did you get my joke? The cherry pit and the deep pit!" He laughed out loud and then sneered down at the dying teen. "Bye, cutie! Alas! We've have had a fun time of dancing and dining at the archive ball." He stood upright, spinning around see the other teens.
Miss Shoe dropped down and gagged for air breaths that never came and then expired her last breath of life as a young sixteen-year-old France teen.
From the forward wall of hard concrete, the fourth Ireland teen rushed ahead with a smile and stopped in front of Mr. Rooster, tossing an orange tinted power into the stunned face on the France teen. "Surprise! Welcome to the party! I didn't want you left out, my new friend."
Mr. Rooster gasped in alarm from the soft powder and quickly wiped off his dirty face, rubbing both of his arms over his naked chest. "What's your probe, teen?"
The Irish teen smiled. "I don't wanna probe you. I wanna welcome you to the pit."
Miss Liberty smiled at the third Ireland teen and then gagged out loud and then started to hyperventilate, dropping down on her two naked kneecaps, executing rapid breathing motions. "I..."
"I can explain, honey pie." The third Irish teen dropped down on one kneecap and smiled down at her blonde hair roots. "First, you're bossy. Second, you're pretty. Third, you don't know all of your fruit and vegetable seeds, darling. You have consumed a handful of black-tinted, shiny apple seeds which are made of cyanide meat and tart juices. An apple seed contains a protective coating from Mother Nature that keeps the cyanide outta of your biological system. However, if you consume too many of the cute little non-tasty apple seed, then your body experiences rapid breathing like that. Then you go into a series of seizures, like that." Her body collapsed down onto the hard floor and wiggled violently side to side and then back and forth. Her body continued to twist sideways and then finally stopped along with her breathing motion. The teen smiled down at her still body. "And then you die. I'm so sorry, babe! I'll miss you thou," he laughed out loud and slowly stood upright with a smile, turning to see the fourth teen and Mr. Rooster.
Mr. Rooster moved off the foam floor and stood on top of the concrete floor, sneering at the Ireland teen, wiping off his two stinging eyeballs. "What did you spray on my face? I feel funny."
The three Ireland teen laughed. "O that! It was handful of nutty, nice nutmeg that is used in baked goods and hot eggnog at Christmastime. However, if you consume a spoonful or a handful of raw nutmeg powder, then your body will start to hallucinate and then experience drowsiness. Are you sleepy, man? You become dizzy and then confused."
Mr. Rooster dropped both of his hands from his red-tinted face, scanning the new room with confusion. "Where am I? I can't figure out this place. I am not at my house either. Is that my mom in the wall corner beside the food table? I feel really dizzy," the France teenager dropped down on both of his naked kneecaps and touched his face, moaning in pain. "I feel really sleepy." He rested down on the floor and then mumbled. "I am so confused." His body started to wiggle sideways over the hard floor and as his mouth foamed with saliva.
"And you will finally experience seizures and then you finally die." The Ireland teen laughed and watched the France teen die.
In front of the fitness equipment, he gagged and then coughed out loud, "What...what did I eat? What were the name of the dark berries? I really don't feel well. I feel nausea." Mr. Eiffel Tower stumbled backwards from the fitness equipment and lowered his body at his waistline, vomiting out the un-chewed berries, yelling out loud. "What's wrong with me? I feel nausea and have a headache. His mouth produced tons of salvia and then vomited out more of the un-chewed berries. He whispered. "What!"
The second Ireland teen continued to stand and smiled down at the blonde hair roots on Mr. Eiffel Tower, "What did you say, mate? Ah! Dude, you should read the label before eating fruit. You just ate elderberries. Usually, the berry will boost your immune system and treat a common head cold and flu-like symptoms and even constipation. Poo-wee! Are you experiencing the big D, diarrhea? Did you just dookie in your briefs?" The second Ireland teen laughed.
Mr. Eiffel Tower bent down at his waistline again and vomited out the un-chewed elderberries, dropping down on his two kneecaps, inhaling air molecules. "Elderberries. An elderberry, bark and leaves are coated with cyanide which is poison."
"Got ya! You're a smart teen, Mr. Eiffel Tower."
Mr. Eiffel Tower barely spoke and inhaled no air molecules from a restricted throat. "I can't breathe."
The second Ireland teen waved with his hand and chuckled with a smile at the dying France teen. "Bye, dude! I'm so sorry to see you leave. You're going to miss a great party at the Archive Ball this evening." He back stepped from the dead France teen with a smile and scanned the floor with the three other dead France teens, frowning with annoyance. He back stepped into the wall corner and reached backwards, jerking up his true sword, whipping the blade through the air waves. "I'm so disappointed. I didn't get to cut off the bone skull from the rest of the body. The cyanide fruit pieces are..."
"...death!" The first Irish teen laughed.
The third Irish teen pointed down to each body. "Help me move the four dead bodies into the closet!"
The first teen squatted down and touched Miss Shoe. "When are we getting outta of the dark, deep pit?"
The first teen smiled. "When our work is finished."


§


On the top of the sixth floor in pink hue, the four members of the archive team coming from the country of Ecuador slowly waddling down the avenue in their slime-painted complicated costumes as a tall black-tinted tree trunk with a red-tinted flame of tree leaves that represented a dying tree. They had visited the second exhibition table, where they had collected a package of powdery hot chocolate that came from the country of Switzerland while cheering really out with their new victory.
A panel on the ceiling slid open and released a small batch of white tinted powder, dropping down with gravity, hitting the tree head on each female.
The first female stopped and looked up, staring at the ceiling, blinking both of her eyelashes at the new object. “What is this? It does not hurt, but it's really sticky on my slime dress!”
The second female frowned and wiped off the white tinted substance. “This is the sugar minerals. This is a hidden bucket of sugar minerals. The sugar minerals are sticking to my slimed skinned. Ugh! Yuck! Get it off of me!"
The other two teammates danced around the enclosed space still getting doused with a shower of white tinted sugar product while yelling in annoyance. Then, the rear wall of green hue slid upright with a soft hiss. The four members dashed ahead with screams of panic.
One of the team members stopped and pointed down at a new exhibition table. The leader of slime-painted black tinted and red colored tree screamed in alert. “No! Forget it! We're leaving here. I don’t like it here. I wanna leave right now,” Ms. Dying Tree number-one dashed down the rest of the pink tinted avenue and slammed into the side wall, turning onto the staircase, rushing downstairs while screaming out loud in panic. The three other teammates followed their leader.
Inside the first-floor auditorium room, Ms. Ecuador gasped in alarm. "What! What's happening to my archive team? Where they going? What are they doing?"
"Escaping the glass pyramid. Ditching the archive hunt. Missing the archive ball." Dickana laughed with the other older archive monitors.


§


On the opposite side of the avenue sixth floor in pink hue metal, the archive team from the country of Egypt, the four teens stepped off the staircase, dashed down the new avenue, and then stopped standing in the middle of the exhibition. This particular small exhibition table was lavender tinted metal with a red tinted holographic keyboard, which was not used during any of the hunts but looked really cool. 
The leader of the archive team, Mr. Pharaoh was a tall and muscular teen male possessing a naked chest of muscles on dark tinted skin, a head of shoulder length rich black tinted hair, a pair of dark eyeballs, and a pair of solid black-tinted, slime-painted kilt skirt down to his two naked kneecaps and a nobility khat hat in horizontal black and gold strips. He turned to face the long avenue with a sneer. “This is it! We start right here." His archive team arrived and surrounded his upright body while staring with confusion at the new exhibition. Mr. Pharaoh returned and studied the sign with a smile.
Miss Cobra turned and frowned down an empty avenue. "Why are we so far away from the end of the avenue? There are plenty of exhibitions that do not looked touched."
Miss Brown Dead Fish nodded. "Each middle exhibition is filled with its treasure. The other archive teams only hit the first few exhibitions, which are all located at the end of each staircase. Mr. Pharaoh is correct. We start here and then collect all of the bootie."
Mr. Nile River pointed down inside the avenue with a smile. “She said that the avenue would be pink colored. This avenue is pink tinted. This is it!”
Miss Cobra frowned. "What is it! Who said that?”
Miss Dead Fish bounced up and down with excitement. “I can see numerous exhibition podiums on the other side of this pink tinted avenue, without a single archivist. This is really weird."
Mr. Nile River smiled. "This is really lucky for us. This is our chance to clean up and claim the fame and win the fight and dance all night. Do you like my poem?” He laughed out loud and studied the pink tinted wall.
The exhibition station was colored in pale green with a yellow tinted holographic keyboard and a pile of brown colored sand which hid the artifact. Above the pile of brown colored sand grains, the wall showed the big and bold word in black capital letters: Australia.
“Get it! Get it the new artifact!” Miss Dead Fish bounced up and down, pointing down at the pile of sand grains. “We steal this artifact and the rest of them on the new pink tinted avenue. Then, we will be leading and winning the archive race over the rest of the teens.”
“Yay!” Miss Cobra bounced up and down with excitement too.
Mr. Pharaoh reached down and touched, wiping off the sand, whipping back both of his hands from the slightly warm touch of the invisible force field that covered the artifact. The forward wall sounded with a soft ping and then showed the math number of one while slowing counting to the number six with a matching soft ping.
“Look!” Miss Cobra pointed with a worried brow at the metal wall. “The wall clock has started.” The forward wall sounded with a soft ping and then showed the math number of two while slowing counting to the number six with a matching soft ping.
Miss Dead Fish bounced up and down with excitement, “Call it out! Call it out! Call out the artifact! I know. It is a...”
"No! Don't shout out the name! That is more than it looks." Mr. Nile River nodded.
Miss Dead Fish stopped bounced and frowned. "It is..."
"Shut up, Fish Girl! Do you know the true name, Mr. Pharaoh?" Mr. Nile River frowned. The forward wall sounded with a soft ping and then showed the math number of four while slowing counting to the number six with a matching soft ping.
Mr. Pharaoh smiled down at the artifact, “Yeah, man!” The forward wall sounded with a soft ping and then showed the math number of five while slowing counting to the number six with a matching soft ping. The leader said, “An Australia hat.”
The forward wall sounded with a soft ping and then stopped on the math number of six. However, the invisible shield did not lift and expose the naked artifact for grabbing. The scattered white tinted sand grains on top of the hard surface did not shake side to side on top of the station. On the floor, the scattered sand grains wiggled side to side and then dropped down into a set of open tiny groves down into the floor.
Miss Dead Fish reached out and touched the force field with a gasp, whipping a hand back from the object. “It is toasty warm on my hands. I can’t touch the artifact.”
“You can’t touch the hat. Why is that?” Miss Cobra frowned down at the stationary brown tinted hat.
“Look!” Mr. Nile River pointed with a worried brow at the metal wall. “The wall clock has stopped.”
The solid metal floor underneath each foot on the archive team softly rumbled and then gently rattled side to side, slowly sliding to one slide, creating a new opening within the avenue. Then, the entire archive team from the country of Egypt swiftly dropped down and then rapidly slipped down a new sloped stationary silver tinted slide, falling down through black darkness and stopped inside a hidden pit underneath the third floor of the glass pyramid. Each member of the archive team screamed in fear.
Then, the deep, dark opening slowly crawled to the side and closed, creating the same walking floor base in pale green tint.


§


Passing the sixth-floor avenue, on top of the world's tallest staircase, the climbing trio of Americans continued to slowly move ahead.
Victoriana smiled down at the phone screen. "How do you maintain a set of pretty nails? Do you know?"
"No." Lowell said.
"Naw." Trux said.
She smiled. "A set of pale tinted bed nails indicates a sign of a serious illness like anemia, congestive heart failure, liver disease, or malnutrition. A set of white tinted bed nails with a dark rim shows liver problems like hepatitis. A set of yellow tinted bed nails dictates a fungal infection or severe thyroid disease or lung disease or diabetes or psoriasis. A set of blue tinted bed nails means your body needs more oxygen which indicates a lung problem like emphysema. A rippled or pitted set of nail beds represents a sign of psoriasis or inflammatory arthritis. A set of cracked or split nails is linked to thyroid disease. A set of puffy nail fold that is red and puffy is an infection of an inflammation on the nail fold. A set of dark lines on underneath the nail bed is the most dangerous set of skin cancer."
Trux frowned. "I thought we were going to make a reference to death."
Victoriana frowned down at the phone screen. "I thought the medical article was something different. I'll find another more cheerful sounding article."
Lowell smiled down at his phone screen. "How do you keep your balance while climbing the longest and tallest metal staircase in the world?" He laughed with his friend. "First, you need a pair of good leg muscles to stand and walk and make other upright or sideways or down on the floor movements. Perform a set of one-legged stands to maintain or develop a pair of good leg muscles. Lift one foot near the calf level and hold for ten seconds. Repeat fifteen times and then switch the other leg."
Victoriana stopped on top of the metal step in front of Trux and then extended both her two arms with her phone parallel to the staircase and then lifted her one foot with a three-inched spiked heel sandal while giggling with amusement. She balanced her upright body with the other three-inched spiked heel sandal.
Trux gasped in alarm and reached up, extending his two arms with his phone near her two biceps, catching Victoriana, if she happened to fell backwards on the staircase. He didn't speak without breaking her concentrate. She slowly lowly her foot and then slapped the metal step with laughter, slowly moving ahead up the staircase with a smile. Trux exhaled with worry. "Don't exercise on the metal staircase, Victoriana! If you fall on top of me, then it is a long, long way, baby, back down to the bottom step," he laughed with Lowell.
Lowell continued. "To maintain good body balance, practice weigh shifts by standing with your feet apart, leaning slowly towards one leg, until bearing all of your weight on foot and lifting the opposite foot up from the ground for thirty seconds."
Trux growled with worry. "Don't try it, girl!"
Lowell laughed and continued. "Practice a heel-to-toe walk forward in a straight line by touching your heel to the opposite feet toe for twenty steps, moving to the wall. Next, practice building up your lower back and butt cheeks, lifting your back leg holding a chair and slowly rise one leg backwards without bending your knee or pointing your toe for one second. Perform the leg lifts fifteen times. You can practice toe stands, sitting squats, sliding steps and walking the tightrope on the floor, not in the air for ten footsteps."
"Now, this is my kind of medical article. I can relate to sprains and strains," Trux laughed. "When a person plays in a sporting game or games, someone eventually gets a sprained ankle bone or a strained tendon. A sprain is a stretched or torn ligament. A strain is a stretched or torn muscle or tendon. A sprain and a strain produce swelling and inflammation inside and outside the body. A sprain gives you a bruise. A strain gives you muscle spasms. To medical treat a sprain or a straining tendon, take a pain reliever and then apply ice cubes, rest on your bed mattress or a comfortable sofa, compress the bruise or muscle spasm and then elevate the limb in the air. For a tension headache, take a pain killer, rest your body, and drink lots of warm water. Then you will feel better in a couple of hours. For the pain of a throbbing migraine inside your head, lie down in a quiet, dark spot, place an ice pack on your face or the side of your head and a heating pad on your tummy to warm and relax all of your tense body muscles and then pray. Yeah! A migraine is hard to get rid of. For a toothache, go to the tooth dentist.
"When you become older, your back spine become older too. A symptom of back pain includes a dull or sharp pain that lasts for months. You need to lose weight or avoid lifting a heavy item the wrong way which can cause back pain. Body diseases, arthritis, and cancer cells can also affect your back spine and cause back pain. Treat your back pain with hot and cold packs, exercise more, take yoga classes, try massaging hands, and take pain killers. If you continue to experience constant back pain, go and see a medical physician."
Victoriana smiled and continue to climb up each step. "That's all good advice for pains and aches. You should become a medical physician as your chosen career path, Trux."
Lowell frowned. "Geez, Louise! Trux read all of that good advice for pains and aches from the internet article, while I was following along in silence."
They rolled by the seventh floor and continued up the metal staircase towards the eighth floor on the western side of the glass pyramid, without seeing another archive teen or their archive co-worker Gemma.


§


On the first floor of the auditorium room inside the floating chair, Mr. Egypt Ambassador continued to watch the screen and chewed the food, mouth spitting out the used food particles over the food tray with a sour tone. “What happened? What happened to my archive team?”
Dickana lounged inside the floating chair and stared at the screen with a vicious laugh and a wicked grin. “O no! Not one of the archive team members accurately shouted out the correct name of the artifact that came from the country of Australia.”
Mr. Egypt Ambassador sneered at Dickana.  “That's impossible. I saw the artifact. It is a hat. Where is the sound on one of these two television screens?"
She smiled at the one of the television screens. “There is no sound.”
Ms. Australia Ambassador smiled and shouted out loud nodding at one of the television screens, “They said the word, hat.” She laughed out loud alone. Each one of the monitors turned and stared at the laughing women.
Mr. Egypt Ambassador turned and smiled with a nod to Ms. Australia “They said the word, hat.”
Mr. Italy Ambassador frowned, “Why is that statement funny to you, Ms. Australia Ambassador? That statement is not funny to me!”
Ms. Australia Ambassador nodded with a smile. “A hat is not a hat is not a hat."
Mr. Italy Ambassador frowned. “It is a hat.”
Ms. Australia Ambassador smiled. “It is not a hat.”
He nodded. “It is a hat.”
Ms. Canada frowned at the Australia archive monitor, “What is the name of the Australia artifact then, Ms. Australia Ambassador?”
Ms. Australia Ambassador smiled. “The famous Australia artifact is called an arkarnt hat in brown tint.”
Mr. Egypt Ambassador sneered at both the Australia and USA monitor. “Where is my Egyptian archive team located, right now, Dickana?”
Dickana exhaled with annoyance and nodded with a smile to the Egyptian monitor. “I am afraid that the four teens from the country of Egypt have fallen down into one of the deep, dark pits that is hidden underneath the same floor level. But, of course, the archive team from the country of Egypt will miss out on collecting the rest of the artifact exhibitions, but everyone eventually leaves the deep, dark under the floor pit one way or another,” she laughed with some of the monitors.
He wiggled his large body inside the soft leather chair and punched on the arm rest at the numerous buttons, shouting out loud to Dickana. “I’m going to leave and go help out my Egyptian team, wherever they are located somewhere within the glass pyramid.”
Dickana frowned at the angry male monitor. “I am so sorry here, but you can’t leave out from this auditorium room or step down from your floating chair, until all the archive teens have entered the capstone room, on the tenth floor, within the glass pyramid.”
Ms. France Ambassador smiled and pointed at both television screens. “Look on the side wall! That female quartet of black and red slime-painted tall trees is scooting toward the fifth-floor avenue. That's the last of the four teens on the last archive team that went into the glass pyramid. We're getting really close to wrapping up the archive hunt. Dickana, where are the other archive teams?"
Dickana smiled. "Everyone can see all of the floor levels on one of the glass-coated television screens. All of the lower floor levels are empty. The last of the archive teams are hunting on the upper floor levels. That means, to me, that most of the archive teams with their four members are inside the capstone room, on the tenth floor. Now, there are not any camera lenses inside the capstone, so the kids are up there eating all the food," she laughed with some of the monitors.


§


Underneath the sixth metal pink tinted floor, the leader of the archive team that came from the country of Egypt, Mr. Pharaoh stood upright on top of the vanilla tinted foam floor and wore a naked chest, a pair of brown walking shorts, and a pair of naked feet, sneering at the line of two male and two female teens from the country of Greece.
Each teen displayed a tall, muscular body frame with a head of shoulder length black tinted hair, a pair of dark eyeballs, a tone of dark tinted skin a long-sleeved white tee shirt, and a pair of long matching trousers, where the slime paint had to adhere to the clothes and form a slime costume, not the human skin. Each stood in silence with a wicked grin while staring at each Egyptian teen.
The other three members from the Egyptian archive team swiftly stood upright from the foam floor, without their slime costume, wearing a white-tinted, long-sleeved tee shirt, a pair of brown tinted trousers, and a pair of naked feet, sneering at the four Greek teens.
In-between the two lines of teens, a set of fun entertainment equipment and small tables stood and separated each different archive team. The leader of the four Greek teens stood behind a ping-pong table and reached down, slapping the smooth table top and smiled at each Egyptian teen. “When my archive team from the country of Canada fell down that open hole on the fifth floor, we slid down a sliding ramp and landed here inside the pit. Dickana warned each one of us about the hazard of the deep, dark pit. I don’t really know, but I am guessing here. This is probably one of many deep, dark pits,” he held up three fingers near a smile. “You can see that my slime-designed golden tinted Ares costume is gone, and I only wear a similar outfit, like yours, a long-sleeved tee shirt, and a pair of long trousers. We all fell through some type of salt mist that evaporated all our slime paint. But that shouldn't matter to me or you here. What matters is that we are all here and cozy inside the deep, dark pit? I don’t know how to get out either. But I do believe that only one archive team is allowed to leave the deep, dark pit, when the archive hunt finally concludes and it will not be you and yours, but us. Get them now!" He dashed around the table with a sneer.
Mr. Pharaoh gasped in shock at the deadly threat and back stepped over the foam floor, lifting both of his first in the air, slamming into the face of the first Greek teen. Both teens started fist fighting on top of the foam floor.
Miss Dead Fish stood in silence beside Mr. Pharaoh and frowned with puzzlement at the weird words and rushing actions coming from the four Greek teens. The second teen raced around the table edge and followed the leader, slapping his upright body into her upright body. They both dropped down on top of the soft foam. She giggled from his harsh touches and stared yelling out loud. The teen Greek reared back and slammed his fist into her face, breaking her nose. She didn't have time to scream but passed out into unconsciousness.
The fourth Greek male teen dashed around the opposite edge of the ping-pong table and then slammed into the upright and stunned body frame on Mr. Nile River, hugging the teen, dropping both of them down onto the soft foam matting. The Greek teen beat his fit down into the naked chest on the Egyptian teen, causing the teen to hyperventilate for more fresh air molecules.
The third Greek female teen followed his friend and collided into the body frame on Miss Cobra, grabbing her arm, slapping her face with pain. Miss Cobra screamed and the dropped down on top of the soft foam. The Greek female spun around and dragged the girl by her long hair strands while Miss Cobra yelled in pain.
A few minutes later, each member on the archive Egyptian team stood upright against a sideways, green-tinted ping-pong table and was attached by a set of heavy chains on each wrist bone and ankle bone, wiggling a body, yelling in fear at the line of Greek teens.
The dark-haired, dark-skinned, tall Greek male leader stood in front of Mr. Pharaoh with his three teammates slightly to the side, smiling at the Egyptian teen. "Now, this is much, much better."
The first captive on the table, Mr. Pharaoh struggled with the chains and yelled in fear at each Greek teen. "What do you want with us? We just fell down into the pit, like you and your three friends. What's this silly game about down here?" His teammates yelled also.
The leader smiled. That is an excellent question. And I have excellent answer. You, four are tied onto a sideways ping-pong table. This room is decorated in numerous tables. I don’t know why. But I can guess why. There is a row of long tables to play a game of cards. We were playing a game of friendly cards, when you unexpectedly landed in here into the pit, with us. There is a row of billiards tables for playing a game of competitive pool. There is a row of ping-pong table for playing a game of fun ping-ping. However, I don’t really like to play a game of cards or pool or with a set of ping-pong balls. But I would like to play with you. The pong-ping table has been turned sideways and stands on the end. Now, you are here. We are here. And we can both have some fun,” he moved ahead and the stopped, leaning over, sniffing the pair of sneering lips of Mr. Pharaoh, standing upright with a sour frown. “Hmm! I have detected that you possess a bad case of halitosis.”
The upright ping-pong table acted like a solid wall which kept each person from moving around the room. Mr. Pharaoh wiggled both of his tied hands and feet and snarled at the Greek teen. “Let us go! We don't want any trouble. We don’t wanna play your stupid games.”
“What is halitosis, Greek female?” The Greek female stood in front of Miss Cobra and leaned over, spitting into the face on the Egyptian teen, who was tied and standing beside Mr. Pharaoh. female. “I am so glad that you asked me that particular question, sir. Halitosis is the medical name for bad breath, where my new friend exhibits the same stinky odor that drifts within the air waves and up into my nostrils also.”
Miss Cobra sneered. “No! I don’t have bad breath, Bad Breath. Let us all go!”
The Greek leader smiled at Mr. Pharaoh. “There is not a new or secret place to go or to hide out. We all are down here inside the deep, dark pit, until we are all rescued by the archive hostess Dickana. You didn’t bother to read the fine print on the legal contract that you signed before coming to the USA. All of that was printed in tiny letters.  So, what causes a mouth of bad breath, Greek female?”
The three captive, Miss Dead Fish struggled with her wrist and ankle chains and stood beside Miss Cobra, gasping in shock. “What are you talking about regarding the legal contract, before coming to the United States of America? Let us go!”
The third Greek male teen leaned down with a grin into her nose bridge. “Your breath stinks too. What causes bad breath, Miss Dead Fish?” He stood upright with a smile.
Miss Dead Fish frowned. "Let me go!"
The leader turned and winked at his friend. "Miss Dead Fish does not know. Can you please explain the definition of halitosis?"
"Yes, sir!" The female Greek teen turned and smiled at her leader, pulling out her mobile telephone, looking down and typed on the tiny keyboard. “Well, I'm not a real medical physician. But I'm planning to graduate from high school and then plan to attend college and plan to become a wonderful life-saving physician. But I think that I will try to address that medical question for my smart Greek leader and my other Greek associates. Let’s see here! My mobile telephone which accesses the computer database here inside the Birmingham Art and Science Center, because we are underneath the manicured grass and hard red clay soil of Alabama and cannot access the interact. So, I will first explain the root cause. As I read through some of the numerous electronic medical journals, since I have accessed so brilliantly the interior guts of the local computer mainframe, it says here mouth salvia normally washes away particles of trapped food inside your mouth. However, a person will a dry mouth can have bad breath too, because a set of trapped food particles are stuck in there which also causes xerostomia. O mine!" She looked up and smiled at Miss Dead Fish. "This is bad. Yes, I do believe so.” She looked back down at the phone screen and typed on the tiny keyboard again. “However, I do have more medical information that comes from all the medical journals, Greek leader. You may have bad breath if you have a sore throat, trouble swallowing your saliva, and a fever which are all the symptoms of tonsillitis. Tonsillitis is an infection of the tonsils. The tonsils are the oval-shaped nubs of pink tissue on each side of the throat.”
The Greek leader returned and leaned over with a smile to Mr. Pharaoh. “Do you have a set of tonsils, Mr. Pharaoh?”
Mr. Pharaoh sneered with fury and tried to hit the Greek leader. “Get away from me!”
The leader exhaled with a sour frown. “O! That's terrible. His answer is yes. So, I do believe that I have solution for his terrible bad breath," the teen reached down and whipping up a sharp hunting knife, quickly and quietly slicing the blade across the exposed Adam's apple on Mr. Pharaoh, standing backward with laughter.
Mr. Pharaoh gagged and wheezed for fresh air molecules and as his red tinted blood poured down his naked chest. Then he quickly expired into death and dropped his face down into his chest. His three Egyptian teammates continued to hang on the ping-pong table and screamed in horror, struggling with the chains on the wrist and ankle bones, without escaping, staring at the dead body of their leader. The three voices echoed throughout the pit, without drifting up into the metal surface on the sixth floor.
The leader scooted down to the next Egyptian teen and stood in front of Miss Cobra, who continued to scream in terror. He didn't lean down but smiled. "Hmm! She has bad breath also. Her tonsils seem to be intact from all her screams. So, what else can be done to eliminate her bad breath?”
The Greek female back pedaled from the third Egyptian teen and stopped even with the rest of her teammates with a smile, looking down, reading the screen on her mobile telephone. “There are some medications that can make your breath stink. A prescribed medication causes dry mouth. Then, the lack of wet mouth saliva causes an overgrowth of nasty bacteria which produces a bad breath order.”
The leader smiled at Miss Cobra. “That is a reasonable cause of halitosis. Do you take prescription or illegal drugs, girl?”
She continued to scream in terror and clawed her fingernails in the air, for surviving, without touching the smooth face on the Greek male leader. “No! No! Get away from me! Don't touch me! Let me outta of here!”
He frowned at the scared female. “The answer is no. What else causes bad breath?”
The Greek female teen looked down and read the screen on her phone, “When you eat too numerous hamburgers and lots of beef steaks, the red meat particles of proteins will stay trapped between your teeth and create bad odors of bad breath.”
The leader smiled. “Do you eat numerous hamburgers and lots of beef steaks, girl?”
Miss Cobra continued to scream in terror and sobbed with tears of horror, clawing her fingernails in the air, without touching the face on the Greek leader. “No! No! Get away from me! Don't touch me! Let me outta of here! Let me go!”
He frowned at the screaming female. “The answer is no. What else causes bad breath?"
The Greek teen female continued to read from her phone. “Bad breath could be a symptom of a more serious medical condition like a respiratory infection or a liver disease or a kidney disease. A dentist can help you with that conclusion.”
The leader smiled at the screaming teen. “However, we don’t have readily available professional dentist down here inside the deep, dark pit. But, do not be alarmed, Snake Girl! I am here with my archive team of smart archivists. Thus, we shall work together to fix your terrible bad case of halitosis. What else can we do for bad breath, Greek female?”
The Greek female smiled and looked down reading out the electronic information on her mobile telephone. “The vegetable of garlic can make your breath smell terrible, even after you brush, floss, and rinse the mouth. The smelly substance in garlic is absorbed into the bloodstream and then is transferred down into your two lungs, where it is expelled as a gas which makes your breath smell. So, she can eat more fruits and vegetables, which will decrease bad breath. Fruits and vegetables contain water which keeps your mouth moist. Mouth saliva is nature method that the human body uses to keep your breath fresh.”
The leader smiled at Miss Cobra. “There, you go!” He did not move but extended an open palm to the one of the Greek teens. “Please, go and get me a piece of fruit from the food refreshment table on the opposite side of the room.” One of the two Greek males slowly back stepped with laughter and collided into the food table that shook sideways, reaching down, grabbing a red tinted apple. He slowly moved ahead with a smile and stopped, handing the apple to his leader. The leader accepted the apple in silence and then slammed the piece of whole fruit into the open mouth on Miss Cobra, busting her lips. Blood poured down her chin, over his hand, and then hit her body, and finally landing down on the concrete floor. She continued to scream in terror without escaping from the evil teen.
The leader laughed out loud and dropped the apple on the floor, wearing a sour frown. "The apple didn't fit into her small mouth. So, I'll make the opening larger." He jammed the tip of his dagger into her open mouth, slicing the blade down into her tongue, her jaw lien and then her chin. 
Miss Cobra finally stopped screaming and spilled blood over his blade, his hand, and her body and as she quickly died. The voices from the other two Egyptian teens screamed louder in terror and echoed throughout the pit, without drifting up into the metal surface on the sixth floor.
The leader laughed out loud and jerked the bloody dagger from the dead girl, scooting over, standing in front of Miss Dead Fish, who screamed in terror. He sniffed the air waves and then smiled. "O! Miss Dead Fish has bad breath too. What is the new solution for my new friend, Greek female?"
The Greek female teen read from her phone. “Caffeine in steaming hot tea contains polyphenois, which protect people against bad breath," she looked up and smiled at the screaming girl.
The leader nodded with a smile. “That is an excellent solution, Greek female, who desires to become a medical physician and help sick people. Please, go and get me the teacup of hot boiling tea!”
Miss Dead Fish screamed in terror and tossed her tied body back and forth against the table without losing the heavy metal chains. “No! No! No! Stop! Stop! Don't do this, please!” The other Greek male rushed backwards and prepared a cup of hot steaming water, racing ahead, tossing the hot liquid into the face on Miss Dead Fish. She screamed in pain and wiggled her body against the table. "I can't see! Help me! Please. Please..."
The leader did not lean over but smiled. "Hmm! You can't see me. Well, I can remedy that." He jammed the sharp, bloody blade tip into her single eyeball, twisting the dagger sideways, slicing off part of her face. Miss Dead Fish stopped screaming and then quickly died and as her blood proteins flooded her face, his hand, the dagger, her body, and then the floor.
The leader jerked out his dagger and scooted sideways, standing in front of Mr. Nile River.
Mr. Nile River snarled and sneered, clawing both of tied hands in the air without touching the face on the Greek leader. “Leave me alone! Get away from me!”
The leader smiled. "Well, I'm so sad to report your breathe smells into my nostrils. What else can be done to get rid of bad breath, Greek female?”
Greek female read out loud from her phone, “Ah! I have found the perfect solution. The International Dentists of the World highly recommend using a piece of dental floss that measures eighteen inches long. Wound the floss around the fingers and then clean each tooth, wiping out the stinky smell."
The leader smiled. “That is the perfect solution. I agree with your conclusion, Greek girl. But, alas, I do not carry a piece of dental floss on my body."
One of the two Greek teens moved ahead and handed a long sword to the leader. "Use this! I tire of your performance, leader."
The leader dropped the dagger on the floor and accepted the long sword, quickly lifting the weapon, slicing off the head of Mr. Nile River. The severed head dropped down from the lump body and hit the concrete floor with a soft hump, rolling over a few inches to the side wall. The leader back stepped and frowned at the wall of dead bodies. "I'm bored too. When does the archive hunt end?"
Greek female teen looked up and smiled at the wall of dead bodies. "When Dickana comes down here and tosses a rope down into the pit!"
The leader exhaled with annoyance. "So, we wait right here and continue to finish off all of our competition!" He laughed with his three teammates. "Now, move those four dead bodies into the side closet with the other dead bodies!" His teammates nodded in silence and obeyed his command.


§


Back on the seventh floor, in the middle of the green tinted metal avenue, Gemma rested down on the floor and then opened her eyeballs, gasping in shock, slowly standing upright from the metal floor. She leaned against the solid metal wall and rubbed her face, whispering with fury. "Dickana, you are a snake lady. But I'm a southern bell. And I'm going to complete the archive hunt and find Thor's Hammer from the Swedish exhibition with success and in frustration," she slowly walked ahead and continued to rub both of her eyeballs and her wet face while clearing her dizzy mind, racing towards the opposite side on the green tinted avenue. She didn't want to trace her footsteps back down towards the western side on the tall staircase, in case, there was another nasty surprise attack coming from USA hostess Dickana. She turned the wall corner and then halted, almost colliding into the first tall black-tinted slime-painted tree.
The leader screamed from fright, stood in place on the metal step, and then sneered at Gemma. "Get outta of my way, Egghead! We were here first on the seventh floor."
Gemma gasped in shock and then frowned in fury and finally smiled with a nod in silence. All of the seventh artifacts were gone from each exhibition stand, but she was not going to tattle that new information to the quartet of tree-looking teams from the country of Ecuador. "Okay! Bye, ya'll! Have a nice day!" She turned and raced up the metal staircase while laughing out loud, leaving behind the four stupid teens, heading towards the eighth floor for her treasure.
On top of the seventh-floor staircase, the leader of the archive team looked down into an empty hallway and then gasped in worry, turning to see the back spine on the American girl. "We have been duped, my friends! The American Egghead has collected all the artifacts on the seventh floor. She is racing ahead of us to the eighth floor. We have not encountered another teen or another archive team since we left the second floor here inside the glass pyramid. Go after her! Climb up towards the eighth floor! We must reach the eighth floor before her and steal all of the artifacts," she cautiously stomped on the first step and then stood in place on both black tinted fashion high-heeled sandals and as her slime-painted tree wobbled to the side. She had to catch her upright body and then lifted up a single foot, slamming her shoe down into the metal step while slowly and carefully climbing the staircase without falling backwards.
The fourth team member stood on the four steps below the seventh-floor platform and yelled out loud in angry at her other teammates. "By the time, we reach the seventh floor, the archive ball will be over and done. I wanted to dance and then eat and then eat and then dance with some of the cute males.
"Who picked out these stupid archive costumes?" The third teammate shouted out loud and carefully climbed each step without killing her person or her friends.
The second team member yelled back in fury. "I did." She slowly climbed each step with care without falling backwards into her friends and killing her friends and her person.
The third teammate frowned. "Why did pick a tall, willowy tree as our native costumes?"
The leader of the archive team shouted back. "The black and red tinted costume symbolizes the destruction of our precious trees in our homeland from air pollution. I thought the costume was for a fun competition like a Halloween contest, not traveling adventure on an archive hunt. Why didn't our archive monitor tell us all of the facts? Then, we could have dressed in a set of running gear and collected all of the artifacts and won the grand prize and then go back to our homeland as ..."
"... losers ..." The fourth teammate frowned. "I am so embarrassed and annoyed and irritated and miffed and ..."


§


On the eighth floor in black hue, Gemma quickly rushed up the staircase and exhaled with heavy breathes of worry, stopping inside the entranceway, spinning around and viewed down the steep grade of metal steps, not seeing the four tree-looking teens. She laughed out loud and then coughed out loud from her rushed climb, swinging back around, racing down into the avenue. "The hallway looks like the other avenues and is the same distance, but the entire space is colored in rich black hue. Is this an omen? Is this a bad sign? I only need to find the Swedish exhibition right here and right now and finish my task and then leave the building. I don't care about the archive ball, the archive dance, the archive dinner, and my archive co-workers." She stopped on top of the black metal floor and listened for any noise, hearing only her breathes of worry while watching for any movement of either human or machine. The hallway was empty and clear. She turned with a smile and raced down an empty avenue with loud laughter.


§


At the western side of the massive building, on top of the staircase, in-between the seventh and the eighth-floor levels, Lowell stopped in place and scanned the steps, the ceiling, and both of the solid side walls of green tinted hue. "Do you hear something?"
"No." Victoriana stopped and looked up scanning the same environment.
"I only hear my rumbling stomach from the lack of food. When I was the last time I ate?" Trux halted behind Victoriana and continued to frown down at the phone screen.
"I thought I had heard the voices of people, like teens, since we have not seen or heard or helped or fought with one of the archive teens, before the start of the archive hunt." Lowell continued to scan the environment while listening to the faint sounds.
"The sound are the archive teens. They are above us and fighting over each one of these darn artifacts. The winner wins. The loser loses. Then each archive team runs ahead or behind to the next exhibition stand for the next artifact. Some of the teens are giving up and heading up towards the capstone on the tenth floor. That is the faint sounds you are hearing, not seeing, Lowell," Victoriana chuckled out loud and as her voice echoed against the solid sheets of metal. "Get moving, Lowell! We are in the middle of the two floors, the seventh and the eighth levels. each level contains thirty metal steps. We have traveled 165 steps straight up and only have 75 steps to go. Go, Lowell! My arches are hurting from standing in these high heels." She did not touch Lowell, in case, of falling off balance from the steep staircase.
Lowell exhaled with puzzlement and slowly moved ahead onto the next step. "I'm moving ahead, but I want us to remain quiet, so we can hear the cheers or the screams from each archivist. I really wanna know, where the missing archive teams are located..."
"...and the location of Gemma." She frowned.
"Her, too!" Lowell sneered.


§


On the on the eighth floor, Gemma stopped and gasped in alarm. The center of the hallway held two individual exhibitions standing side by side, which were colored in white hue, including the tiny table, the large pile of sand, and the sign.
The sign read: Africa.
She smiled and studied both exhibitions, turning to see each side of an empty hallway. "Well, I don't see the tree teens behind my butthole or hear any other archive teens. I guess the other archive teams are finished and inside the tenth floor while partying it down up there," she giggled. "Okay! So, there is nothing down in the white sands inside the exhibition stand. But I've seen any teens coming this way, but that quartet of tree-looking teens. So, there is something down in the white sands. But I could check and see if there is something down in the white sands and then I can take it. I'm participating in an archive hunt. And where is Lowell, Trux, and Victoriana? I have seen hide or hair of the trio. But I did fell and fail into one of Dickana's nasty traps, sleeping for some time. I don't even know the time of the hour or the sunlight of the day. The outside world could be a dark night and sleep for the rest of the citizens. I'm still running around the glass pyramid looking for the Swedish exhibition and stealing the Thor's Hammer." She returned back and smiled down at the white sands, reaching out, touching the sands. The wall clock started counting from zero seconds.
She scattered the sand grains and then gasped in alarm, shouting out loud with joy. "I can't believe it. I can't believe my good luck. I see a diamond. A diamond. A diamond." Gemma reached out and snatched up the diamond, bouncing up and down on top of the hard metal floor, still shouting out loud with happiness "This is a diamond from the country of Africa. This isn't an artifact, but a gift, to me, for my mom. Now, I own a real glittering diamond." The wall clock stopped at two seconds. She continued to bounce and shouted out loud, scooting to the next exhibition, staring down at the diamond. "This is a diamond. This is so wonderful. I can sell my diamond and make money for my parents. My mom will not have to work a paying job, every again," she placed her diamond down into the backpack and looked down at the second exhibition with a set of giggles that was decorated in the same shade of white.
The electronic sign read: Persia.
She frowned with puzzlement at the sign. "Persia! The sign reads: Persia There isn't a modern-day country named as Persia. There was the Persia Empire that began in the year 550 B.C. O! I get it now! This is truly an ancient artifact from the Persia Empire that Dickana tossed out from the massive US Archive stores, for the archive hunt. I, so far, found and collected a pearl stone and a diamond stone. Baby, these are worth lots of George Washington's. What ancient artifact comes from Persia?" She snapped her fingers. "I know. I know the artifact. The Persia Empire was across the Persian Sea and the natives traded with the ancient countries of Greece, Egypt, and Africa. In the country of Africa, there are silver, diamond, and gold mines. Yes! Yes! Yes! The artifact is a gold nugget. That would make sense that both of the archive exhibitions are next to each other. I hoped no other archive team has stolen the gold nugget. I shall find it." She plowed both of her hands down into the soft white tinted sand grains with laughter, quickly spreading the grains. The wall clock started counting from the math number zero. The sands revealed a golden object. "Ugh! Yuck! What is that?" She frowned with annoyance. "Well, the object is gold or amber colored. It is a dead furry Persian kitten. Dickana is a very sick woman placing a dead, fossilized Persian kitten inside the pile of sand." The wall clock stopped at four seconds.
Gemma raked the dead kitten off the pile of sands with a disgusted face and a low groan of yuckiness. "I don't wanna touch a dead, fossilized kitten, even for a prize. But, I don't wanna leave it hanging around in there. The computer machine might think I didn't touch the treasure or something. I don't want anything bad to happen to me on the eighth floor. Dickana was truthful about the nasty traps. So, the quartet of dead-looking tree teens can have this artifact on this floor, and they want have to dig for it." The dead kitten dropped down onto the metal floor with a soft thump. Gemma back stepped with a sour frown and looked up with a smile, dashing ahead towards the western side of the building and then halted with a smile. She spun around with laughter and whispered for her eardrums only. "This way! I wanna go back the way that I came. I wanna see if the quartet of dead-looking trees are close to my butthole. They didn't bother looking on the seventh floor, because all of the artifacts are gone. So, they are laboring up the steep metal staircase inside a heavy slime-painted costume towards the ninth floor. I would do that also." She continued to run and then leaped from the floor into the air, landing back down with happiness. "I'm done here! One more floor, the ninth floor must hold the Swedish exhibition. Yes! Yes! Yes! I'm almost there. I'm coming to save you, Mom." She yelled in happiness.


§


In-between the seventh and the eight floor on the eastern side of the building, the leader of archive team from the country of Ecuador stood on top of the metal stair, exhaling for breathe, pondering her teen life and then lifted up her high heeled sandal, slamming the above metal step and slowly moved ahead towards the eighth floor with low growls of annoyance. The rest of her three teammates copied their leader's movements and growled with annoyance.


§


On the eighth-floor avenue, Lowell stopped and turned off the staircase, advancing a few feet, waiting on his two friends. Trux and Victoriana slowly strolled from the platform and joined Lowell.
The trio paced down a wide corridor on top of the black tinted smooth tile floor while lightly chatting and softly chuckling with their private conversation. They did not see another teen from one of the other invited archive teams or find an individual stationary exhibition stand.
Victoriana continued to shred more pieces of her long slime-painted blue-tinted jagged gown flinging the item down onto the floor, leaving a trail of bread crumbs for fun. The evening fleet of robots would clean up the trash during the human slumber ritual. She placed her mobile telephone back down into the pocket of her walking shorts as she was bored with the surfing the internet. She reached up and touched with the pieces of jewelry around her neckline that she had borrowed from the second floor Museum Room. She stared ahead with a smile down the long avenue. "Well, I guess we are here, and we have missed out on the winning the grand prize."
"What is the glorious grand prize? Did Dickana explain or express in detail to us?" Lowell had been dressed as western cowboy without the horse. Now, he had morphed the cowboy outfit into a red tinted shirt and a pair of blue jeans, scanning the new level.
Trux continued to wear a naked chest of muscles, a pair of slime-painted walking shorts in red hue, and a pair of red tinted boxer shoes and laughed at Lowell's question. "The grand prize is an artifact. But, with Dickana's wicked sense of no-humor, the grand prize will be a fossilized cave man toe from her weird-o ancient and smelly archive collection just for show and giggles." He nodded with laughter along with his two co-workers.
Lowell smiled. "Well, we still have Gemma, wherever she is located here within the glass pyramid. This archive hunt is a bust. What are we going to do tomorrow morning? Does anyone know or guess or hint or care?"
Trux looked up and viewed a solid black tinted ceiling which meant there was one floor level above his blonde colored hair roots. "Do you think Gemma has made it to the top of the pyramid capstone, before any of the other archivist teams? Does the pyramid capstone have an attic space for one or more persons?" He looked down and scanned the new environment without noise or smells or teens.
Victoriana smiled. "Dickana told everyone that whoever makes it to space inside the pyramid capstone first, wins the Archive Ball. Why is it called an Archive Ball? An elegant ball is an event where each person dresses up and dances with their social cute date."
Lowell slaps his painted slime legs in blue paint with a smile. "And we got to dress up in colored slime paint and danced around on each floor level looking for an artifact while climbing each level to the capstone, where the real party will start in a few minutes. I do believe that we are the last ones to enter the capstone. We should accelerate our walking pace. I don't wanna be late," he sped up and stomped a few steps ahead of his friends.
Victoriana did the opposite, then stopped, and stood with a smile beside the podium. 
The exhibition station was colored in black hue that matched the floor level, the ceiling, and the two side walls. On top of the hard surface, there was a peach tinted holographic keyboard and a pile of white tinted sand which was scattered on the flat surface and down on the floor with a missing native artifact. Above the pile of white tinted sand grains, the forward wall showed the big and bold word in pink tinted capital letters: Africa.
Trux stopped and stood beside Victoriana, staring at the messy surface in silence. Victoriana reached out towards the pile of sand with a smile. He gasped in shock and grabbed her hand, holding her close, shaking his bone skull. "No! Don't touch it! Dickana said that the wrong answer in solving the native artifact would lead to something really bad."
She frowned. "There's nothing in there. The artifact is missing. I wanted to touch some of the sand for fun, since I can't go and race after any of the artifacts in my long slime dress."
He nodded with a stern face at the exhibition, "Precisely! Each exhibition is computerized. Your hand touch on the sand grains or the dirt particles or the sugar bowl or the cookie jar or any other colored hard substance might trigger the computer sensors," he reached out and grabbed her arm, dragging Victoriana away from exhibition, saying. "Another teen archive team has stolen the native artifact which was the primary purpose of archive hunt to find an artifact and proclaim the title of something for the new year," he laughed.
Lowell continued to rush ahead and shouted back at his two co-workers. "Come on! Move it! We're the last teens or the last ones to get into the Archive Ball party. I'm hungry and want some food items, before the other teens eat all the good stuff."
Victoriana jerked away from Trux with a grunt and dashed ahead with annoyance. She was tired of this working job and the bossy orders from Dickana and her friend Gemma. And she had lied to the credit card company about buying the clothes in the country of Germany and then losing all of her clothing packages, when a nasty gang of Rus teen males and females attacked her body. She hated to lie and also hated to cheat the credit card company. She would confess to her parents and then use all of her money for her summertime job paying off the credit card.
She continued to march forward away from Trux and crossed both of her arms in both shame and annoyance. Victoriana would explain to Dickana that she was retiring for the night and would not attend the Archive Ball party. The weight of the heavy slime-painted dress made her biological back spine throb, and her pair of summer high-heeled sandals made her calves cramp in pain. She wanted to rest and relax from the exhaustive day of archive work.


§


On the 9th floor platform, Gemma stopped a few feet before the avenue and shaded her two eyeballs with one hand, gasping in shock. "What is this? I can hardly see the hallway. The entire room is made of glass that is absorbing all of the sunlight. Wow! Based on the bright sunlight, the time is close to three in the afternoon and the rays are gliding across the flat space like a skier. Well, I am here, and I am not leaving. Take that, Dickana!" She stomped ahead on one high heeled sandal sole and then halted with a gasp. "O no! The floor is made of metal. The metal is heated from the bombardment of sunlight. And the heated metal is baking the sole of my shoe, well, Victoriana's sandal. Ouch! Ouch!" Gemma back stepped back onto the cool part of the metal and sneered with annoyance, scanning the long hallway, seeing only twinkling sunlight rays, without finding an exhibition stand. "Dickana, she is too smart for her britches. But I am too smarter, smartest. Okay! I don't see a single exhibition stand near my body here at the beginning of the hallway. The million question, is there really an exhibition stand on the ninth floor of heated sunshine?
"Let's see, if I can remember. On the eighth-floor avenue, there were two individual exhibition stands and no more. On the seventh-floor avenue, there were only three individual exhibition stands and no more. On the sixth avenue, there were four individual stands and no more.  On the fifth-floor avenue, there were seven individual stands. On the fourth-floor avenue, there were eleven individual exhibition stands. On the third-floor avenue, there had been fifteen individual exhibition stands. On second and first floor levels, there was a single exhibition stand. 
"Yeah, I'll really good. I remember all of this, because I was counting each stand and reading each sign, which did not show the country of Sweden. There are 43 archive teams, where each country presented an artifact that was hidden somewhere inside the glass pyramid. When I add all of the exhibition stands from the third floor up towards the eighth floor consisting of the math numbers of two, three, four, seven, eleven, and fifteen, I got the math number of 42. Forty-two! Forty-two! There are 43 archive teams. Yes! Yes! Yes! The ninth-floor avenue does contain the last single, alone and lonely, exhibition stand right here in the middle of the space inside bright and heated rays of sunlight. Geez! This is not easy. But the exhibition stand must be the artifact from the country of Sweden. Yes! Yes! Yes! I have not seen the sign for the country of Sweden, but I did meet the nasty four male teens from the country of Sweden. Why did Dickana place the Swedish artifact up here on the last floor in the bright sunlight?" She gasped out loud. "Did Dickana know that I was hunting for Thor's Hammer to save my dying mom? No. Dickana does know that information. Did Lowell tattle to Dickana? No. Lowell is a piece of cold chicken stew in the pot of heated food." She laughed. "I know. I know, why Dickana placed the Swedish artifact here. Because, by the time, all of the other teens reached the ninth floor, in the blistering afternoon of a heated summer day in Alabama, the sunrays and the floor would become so heated and intense that no teen would dare to cross the floor. So, Dickana really does hate Kara, the archive monitor and the leader of the Rus. However, I am not an ordinary teen. I will cross the floor and steal the only artifact on the avenue, which is the Thor's Hammer and save my mother from her cancer pain and cancer treatments and then my mother will live foreverly," she swiftly raced ahead and yelled out loud in pain. The floor was black-tinted metal and covered in heat. Gemma sneered. "I don't see the stand. Ouch! Uoo! I don't see the stand. Ouch! Uoo!"


§


On the first floor, each television screen displayed Gemma and then morphed into a wall of yellow tinted wiggling lines. Ms. Peru Ambassador gasped in shock and pointed at the screen. "What is that yellow thing on the screen? The yellow blob is on both of the screens."
Ms. Guinea Ambassador frowned at the screen. "Where has that black-haired girl gone? She has disappeared from the screen. What happened to her? What is happening here, Dickana?"
Dickana continued to sit in her floating lounge chair and clapped her hands. "It's time!" She pressed a ton of buttons on her arm rest, which was a specially designed for only Dickana by Bickman, the genius inventor. The pyramid designed clicked off both the television screens and morphed back into a glass window. On the western side of the room, a panel down on the floor slid opened and revealed a set of silver tinted metal steps, rising up towards the ceiling. On the ceiling a parallel panel of metal slid open and accepted the edge of the new silver tinted steps, connecting with a set of weird metal sounds to a new set of red tinted steps and then halted with another loud set of metal sounds.
Dickana smiled, "Everyone, press an orange button on the armrest control panel. Then each floating chair will not float but sit down on the wooden floor." She pressed the button and wiggled inside the chair and as the chair slowly dropped down on top of the floor, leaping from the chair, moving in a zigzag pattern around each lounge chair. She reached the closed steel door and stood in front of the metal material, without opening the door, studying each archive mentor. "Once you have finally landed, please slid off the seat and start moving towards the western wall of glass. You can see the metal steps which are connected and part of the to the tallest metal staircase in the world that goes twenty-stories high and ends at the capstone room," she laughed and surveyed each archive mentor.  
Ms. England slowly stood upright and pressed down her lovely dress, frowning at the metal steps. "Am I expected to climb a set of metal steps in my dress and pair of high heels, Dickana, all the way up towards the capstone? I am prepared to walk that that far."
She scooted across the steel door and stopped in front of the corner wall, reaching up, pressing a button. The bottom of the metal step slowly moved upwards and then replaced the previous metal step, rotating up towards the ceiling. Dickana pointed at the rotating staircase with a smile in silence. Applaud erupted in the auditorium room. "Meet my new invention! The tallest rotating steel plated staircase in the world. Now, please access the rotating step one at a time for safety. There is a set of handrails also until you reach the third floor. The handrails are built into the steel wall. Please, start and enjoy your personal and unforgettable journey towards the capstone room. Now, I must warn here when you exit the rotating step and land inside the capstone both of your eyeballs will require a few seconds to adjust to the bright solar sunlight rays in Alabama. The month of June is heated and hot throughout the summertime days. So, please do be very careful stepping off the staircase and slowly enter one at a time into the capstone room. Once inside the room, please enjoy my goodies!"
Each archive mentor slowly moved ahead and waited a turn stepping onto the swift-moving staircase and as each person chuckled with delight.
Dickana smiled and stayed in place. "The capstone is made of glass and views the entire city of Birmingham, on this lovely sunny day. Once inside, please, sit down your native archive team for the start of the archive ball."
Mr. Greece stopped beside the bottom step and held up the line of archivists, turning with a sneer to see Dickana. "What my archive team from the country of Greece that missed the name of the artifact and then they fell through one of your deep, dark pits?"
She nodded with a grin. "Don't worry, Mr. Greece! Everyone is present and accounted for here inside the glass pyramid. You will see your archive team, very shorter. Please continue to move ahead and stand on top of the next rotating step. All of the teens are inside the capstone making a mess, eating the food."
Mr. Monaco Ambassador frowned at Dickana while stepping onto the step. "How do we descend down from the capstone using the same rotating staircase? That procedure will take hours and hours for 215 individual souls, that are almost touching the edge on heaven, to eventually land back down on the first floor, before retiring for the evening, Dickana."
She laughed. "And heaven doesn't hold an edge, but a pair of pearly gates for the blessed, so I have been touched. Don't worry about it, Mr. Monaco Ambassador! I have invented a very fast and swift method of descending down from the capstone and the twenty stories."  The auditorium room emptied quickly. The last archive mentor nodded with a smile and climbed onto the step, slowly rotating towards the second floor. Once her step and her person cleared the first-floor ceiling. Dickana pressed a new button and closed off the first-floor ceiling access into the second floor. Now, each archive mentor was trapped on top of the tallest steel staircase in the world heading twenty stories from the first-floor level.
Dickana swiftly scooted away from the wall corner and rushed over the steel door and then landed in the opposite wall corner, pressing more buttons. On the floor, a new wooden panel slid open and revealed a smooth diagonal steel ramp in black hue that stopped at angle with the square edge facing the first-floor ceiling. The ceiling opened and revealed the second level floor, which was quiet of noise and empty of bodies. She chuckled with delight and pressed the button, revealing the eastern staircase from the hidden camera lenses, spying on the remaining archive teens.


§


Passing the ninth floor with a closed steel door, Lowell stopped with puzzlement and examined the door, seeing the beams of bright sunlight, reaching out and touched the metal, pulling back his hand into his chest with a sneer. "The door is heated. Heated! Yes! The door is heated, not cool, like the other floors. This is it! This is really happening! This is a false floor, a ruse to distract from the true floor with the grand prize. I found it. I found it first." He returned back and stared up the metal steps without a teen, bouncing up and down with excitement, racing to the capstone room. He viewed a closed side door and slammed the metal, entering the room, disappearing from the staircase with laughter of happiness.
The archive team members from Ecuador rushed up the same staircase and followed Lowell, seeing the metal, slapping the door and then entered the room, shouting out loud.
The metal door closed shut.


§


Down on the first floor, inside an empty auditorium room, Dickana smiled and clapped with delight."The staircase is empty of archive teens and my archive team members also. The show is about to begin," she moved ahead, stopped and then spun around, slowly lowering her back spine on top of the black tinted diagonal steel ramp, pressing a button on the panel and secured her head, chest, waistline, and both of her legs onto the ramp. She pressed a new button. The ramp swiftly glided up towards the ceiling, through the opening, over the second floor, over the third-floor metal step, and the other floors, halting at angle on the capstone room. the top metal edge attached to the metal ceiling, securing Dickana twenty stories in the air waves, without a set of steps or an elevator carriage, coming from the first floor.
She slowly struggled around the secure straps and then leaned her face down into a square hole on the ramp and blew out her set of sour breathes onto an identical square hole on the eastern capstone wall. The tiny opening tumbled away from the metal and revealed a peek-hole for one eyeball. She leaned over and closed the opposite eyelash, viewing the interior of the capstone room in silence.
On the opposite end, the western side, the metal door swiftly opened and revealed the next archive mentor with a smile. Kara was too quick and pressed the trigger, slapping a set of thin cloth ropes around the tall male body, decorating his mouth without words, chaining his two wrist bones, without movement, tying his two ankle bones with walking. Then one of her Rus adults reached out and grabbed the archive mentor, toting the new guest over his shoulder, spinning around with a smile and slowly moved ahead.
Starting on the eastern side of the large room and underneath the peek-hole with Dickana, a line of sitting persons tied in rows of yellow tinted thin cloth ropes, without speaking, but faintly moaning with weird sounds and wiggled side to side with fear and worry while trying to escape from their capture but was not able.
At the entrance point, the steel door opened and revealed an archive mentor, and then closed shut immediately in the face of the next mentor, presenting Rus leader Kara Ingvar, who shot out her gun and wrapped a set of thin yellow tinted cloth straps around the mouth, both wrist bones, and both ankle bones on the archive mentor. One of her Rus teens shuffled the tied archive mentor towards the homeland archive team members, who were presented the same way.
Inside the secret, square-shaped compartment in black hue that protected her body from weather, exposure, and Kara, Dickana laughed out loud with her victory, sneering. "I have them all right here and right now. No one can escape from me. Rus leader Kara arrived here before the other archive mentors while her nasty team of four Rus warriors toted up all the supplies inside the provided pyramid-shaped backpack from me. I am a genius. I secure your defeat, Kara. But you don't know it yet, only I do," she laughed again and watched the commotion waiting until all 215 individuals coming from the 43 countries, including the USA with one archive mentor and four teammates were inside the capstone.
Dickana had personally escorted Bickman and Patsie through the glass pyramid which had been constructed by her fleet of robots up towards to the capstone, this morning, to inspect and greet all the new guests attending the Archive Ball, without the knowledge of the greatest even in the history of the world.


§


On the eighth-floor avenue, American teen Victoriana dashed ahead of her two co-workers and ripped off each high heeled sandal, tossing each item down on the floor. The cool metal felt good to her naked feet, after walking too much. She gasped in shock and looked down at the black tinted floor, rubbing her naked sole over the smooth surface, talking down with confusion to the floor. "If we are on the ninth floor, where is my sleeping chamber? The female quarters resided on the ninth floor. But I cannot figure out where the door is hidden. Where is my sleeping chamber? And why are there ten floors here, only, but the building is twenty stories high? I do not understand that physics concept?"
Lowell strolled with Trux from the entranceway and then stopped, standing beside Victoriana staring down the end of the long hallway and laughed out loud, pointing down at the floor and then the ceiling. "My dear high schooler, the building is twenty stories high in physical appearance. Dickana only opened up ten different floors but not in sequential mathematical order. So, there is a hidden floor level down below us and above us and in-between each colorful metal avenue floor where each exhibition stands. The next floor level is number twenty, where we reach the top of the Birmingham Art and Science Center or the glass pyramid. And the top floor is our former Traveling Exhibition room on the former tenth floor. Thus, the hidden corridor below us is your sleeping chamber, dear. Did I address all of your questions, Victoriana?"
Behind the back spine of the trio, a steel door slowly closed down and shut off the western exit way.
Trux continued to stand and played on his mobile telephone laughing at the funny videos of animals that were not harmed during the mobile telephone recording. He didn't like to see an animal harmed for fun or for torture.
Victoriana continued to view the floor and pondered the method down to the lobby. If Lowell was correct, they were standing on the 18th floor with a twenty-floor building, where each floor level was ten feet high. Thus, she and her friends were 180 feet up from the hard, concrete parking lot pavement on the ground, where her sports car was located. She looked up and nodded to Lowell. "How do we access the dancing elevator and get down from here and into my sleeping chamber for bathing and slumber? Dickana told that we cannot travel backwards."
"That command applied to each archivist team member and archive monitor during the execution of the archive hunt. This is the reason we all must arrive and gather at the capstone on the top floor, which is really the rooftop. The two dancing elevators are standing alone, empty, and ready for any dances back down into either one of our sleeping chambers. I am guessing here but Dickana will invite all the male and female teens to stay the night until morning. Then every teen will leave the Birmingham Art and Science Center flying back to their native homeland with a bag of one or artifact treasures. Thus, we stay here and get nothing and then leave with nothing."
She nodded. "O! Thanks, Lowell! Yes, you have addressed my concerns. Yes, you have summed the issue correctly. Dickana gives us nothing and then leaves us nothing. I hate her."
"No!" Trux frowned and wiggled his body, shaking his bone skull and both of his naked hands in the air, staring at her hairy rear bone skull. "Do not say bad things about an alive or dead person, girl!"
"Why not!" She turned and sneered at Trux.
He exhaled with worry. "Because, the Prime Creator didn't like it and told us in his personal letter, the Holy Bible. You and I and all the other humans are to love ourselves and our neighbors, whether right or wrong or disagreement or agreement. Say something nice about Dickana!"
She growled. "No!"
"Please!" He smiled.
She snarled. "No!
He frowned. "Then, I'm not leaving this floor, until Victoriana says something nice about our supervisor Dickana."
Lowell laughed out loud and played on his personal mobile telephone while ignoring the playful acts of the cute teen couple.
Victoriana continued to snarl at Trux while thinking of nasty Dickana, without moving or speaking. Trux stared at Victoriana with worry and concern in silence.


§


On the ninth-floor avenue, Gemma continued to race down the heated metal floor and gasped in alarm, halting in place, wrapping her left leg around her right leg. Her left shoe sole had melted down and was sticking onto from the heated floor. Then her naked foot flung from the melting shoe without injury and then whirled around her other left for safety. Gemma stood like a funny flamingo animal shaped in the middle of the avenue and viewed the bombardment of bright sunlight rays, squirting her eyelashes, studying the shadow. "I barely see something in the close distance, that is single and stationary, not moving, except within the dancing rays of sunlight. Damn you, Dickana! You did this on purpose to insult your enemy Kara. No wonder Kara is trying to kill you at every turn," she was ten feet from the stationary object and then softly chuckled while maintaining her upright Floridian flamingo stance. "Ah! The dark shadow wavering within the bright rays of sunlight is a large pile of black colored dirt. You messed up, Dickana! You should have made the large pile of dirt white tinted to match the shiny glass windows, floor, ceiling and exhibition box, too, so one could see the slight dark shadow. I can see the dirt and there is something hidden inside the dirt. I know. I know. The object inside the dirt is the original Thor's Hammer symbol on a bronze coin. "I..." she gasped in pain. "Uoo!" Her left shoe sole slowly melted down into the heated metal floor.
Gemma looked down and gasped in alarm, feeling the heat through her shoe sole, ripping off the front of the pink-tinted eggshell on her body, exposing a long-sleeved white tee shirt, a blue jean mini-skirt. She flung the pyramid backpack from her back spine onto her arm and rummaged through the pockets, cursing out loud with annoyance. Her blue jeans mini-skirt held her personal mobile telephone inside the front pocket that hit her leg and also weighed down her body for her next action move.
She reached down and grabbed the phone, tossing the item down onto the heated floor, hearing the metal sizzle, smelling the component burn. "I'm rich now. I'll buy a new phone," she laughed out loud and pulled out the pearl first with a wicked grin, quickly storing the stone down into the front pocket on her skirt and then found the diamond, storing on the other front pocket.
Her left shoe sole was almost melted down into the heated floor. She shouted out loud with fighting fury. "I'm gonna win, Dickana!" Gemma dropped the thick backpack down onto the heated floor and jumped from the floor and the melting shoe, flying through the air, landing down on top of the backpack. She quickly danced and twisted both of her naked feet side to side, rapidly shuffling the backpack like a surf board towards the lonely exhibition stand and then stopped two feet, less than half the length of her body, slamming both of her hand down into the tall, thick black pile of soft dirt.
The wall clock started counting from the zero second.
"Thor's Hammer coin. Thor's Hammer coin," Gemma shouted out loud with confidence of her upcoming victory, stirring both of her hands around the dirt. The wall clock stopped the count on two seconds. She located the coin and then smiled, without withdrawing her hands. "Yes. Yes. Yes. I found the ancient coin with the ancient mysterious healing powers. My mom is going to live to become an elderly grandmother, after I marry the man of my dreams and have a child, for her. I love you, Mom!" She slowly pulled one hand from the dirt and stared at a bronze looking semi-round coin from centuries of wore, seeing the Thor's Hammer symbol on the face, feeling heat on her ten naked toes. She gasped in alarm and looked down the backpack was swiftly melting away, exposing the floor.
Gemma placed the coin into front pocket with the pearl stone and stood upright from the stand, pondering her new dilemma. She could climb onto the glass exhibition stand getting away from the heated floor, yelling out loud for help. The team of dead-looking trees would slowly pace into the avenue on the ninth floor. Then she could ask for help. However, the exhibition was made of glass and very heated also.
She turned to face the open archway and shouted out loud. "Help! Help! Someone, please come in here and help me! I'm melting!" Gemma giggled. "Fire! Fire!" She laughed. "Everyone responses to the fire alarm." Then the open archway closed shut with a heavy thud that echoed through the avenue. Gemma gasped in worry. "No! The doorway closed shut on that end," she turned and viewed the other doorway, seeing an open archway. "That way, I must! Geez! I didn't know any better with innocence, I would believe that Dickana is trying to murder me for some reason," she started to rip off the eggshell from her back spine into medium-sized pieces, dropping each one down on top of the heated metal floor. Each piece remained intact for a few seconds.
Gemma leaped off the melting backpack and flew in the air, landing down on top of the medium-sized, slime-painted ripped off eggshell piece, dropping another piece, and leaped from the melting slime-painted eggshell piece. She repeated her new travel procedure, swiftly and carefully, slowing moving ahead toward the open archway on the western wall carrying all her precious and valuable treasures.


§


Back on the eighth-floor level, Victoriana continued to stand and sneer at Trux, without moving.
Lowell slowly paced ahead from the tense couple and stopped in front of the first exhibition stand. The eighth floor contained two exhibition stands on each one of the avenues. He stopped and continued to play on his mobile telephone with laughter, looking up with a smile, placing the phone down into pocket, rummaging inside the pocket on his trousers. He pulled out a sparking silver tinted ring with a tiny ruby gem stone that he had purchased in the city of Bergen, within the country of Germany, not Sweden. Even Lowell had figured out the archive team had visited the wrong country but didn't complain to Dickana as Dickana was a snake and didn't like her orders questions.
On top of the floor, in front of the first exhibition stand, he spun around to face Trux and Victoriana and slowly extended both of his hands to Victoriana, saying with a smile. "If you say a sentence of nice two words about Dickana, then I will give you this ruby ring."
She swung around and gasped in shock, staring at the cute ruby ring, slowly moving ahead and stopped in front of Lowell. "Really! Will you really give me that cute little ruby gemstone ring for saying two nice words about nasty Dickana?" Victoriana laughed for fun at her silly question.
Trux frowned at her hairy rear bone skull. "And, you did it again, Victoriana. Speaking out loud about a human with an acidic tongue brings about bad things. Now, please, say something nice about Dickana!"
"She's bold." She reached out with laughter and snatched up the ring from Lowell, sliding the item at the ring finger on her right hand, stroking the stone.
Trux shook his bone skull and tossed both of his arms in the air with frustration with the teenage girl, dropping both of his arms, slapping his legs. He continued to stare at Victoriana.
Lowell laughed out loud and then slowly bowed down at his thick waistline, scooting backwards into the exhibition stand. The dirt on top of the stand slightly wiggled. Then the wall clock started to count up from zero seconds. He smiled down at the floor. "You are most welcome, my lady."
She smiled at the ring. "May I keep the ring!"
He continued to bow. "The ring is a gift, from me, to my lady, for trying to be nice, if you only half succeed." Lowell laughed and then stood upright, smiling at Victoriana. Now, he had finally given her the ring. She had been marked for his purpose.
Trux frowned with frustration at the cute ring and the cuter girl, pulling out his phone, playing on the screen with a sour face.
Victoriana slipped her naked foot behind the other leg and then gracefully performed a curtsey down to Lowell, touching her new ruby stone ring, bowing down her skull with a giggle for a few second. Then, she screamed out loud in terror and as her feet shifted underneath the moving floor. The panel on the floor side open. Victoriana fell straight down and landed on the lower level. Then the same panel on the floor shut back, locking her inside the secret compartment below.
Trux gasped in alarm and raced ahead, sliding down on his kneecaps over the smooth metal floor, stopping at the edge of the hole. He dropped the phone on the floor and banged both of his fists down on the floor, shouting down in the hidden tunnel in fear, for her, "Victoriana, can you hear me? I can't see you. The tunnel is really dark down there from here. Stay down there! I'll rush ahead and get aid."
On the western side of the avenue, Lowell gasped in shock and took a step forward to assist Trux and then halted with his evil thoughts, sniggering out loud, rubbing both of his hands with a wicked grin of soft whispers for his eardrums only. "I know. I know. I know what has really happened. This is the last avenue floor, before reaching the capstone. The other teen archivists have disappeared from the floor level and then have fallen down the same trap. Now, if I could get Trux down there too, as I can't fight against his tall and muscular body. I need to leave from here and rush up to the top of the capstone. This is it. She is waiting. She is waiting for me. I'm the only teen archivist to make it to the top of the capstone. I did it. I really did it. I know ..."
"What do you know, Lowell?" Trux looked up and sneered at the useless teen male. "Get over here and help me retrieve Victoriana up from the tunnel ..."
"I know what to do. I... I will go and get help. You and I cannot remove that heavy panel," Lowell slowly back stepped away from Trux and nodded with a stern face. "I..." He looked up and gasped in alarm. The western archway door was closed shut. He whispered for his eardrums only. "This is really happening." He spun around and faced the eastern archway, dashing down the avenue.
Trux stared at the back spine on Lowell. "Lowell, come over here and help me move the heavy metal panel right now!"
Lowell continued to rush ahead towards the side wall and shouted out loud with a smile. "I'll run and go and get more manual male helpers. Everyone is inside the capstone space at the fun loud musical rock and roll party. Yeah, I know it. There're lots of stronger males inside the fun, loud musical rock and roll teen party. So, I'll go and round them up, coming back with more man-strength to help get Victoriana out from the fallen floor panel."
Trux nodded with a stern face, "Good idea! Great idea! Go! Get going, Lowell! Victoriana needs help," he looked down and called out to Victoriana. "Victoriana, can you hear me? I can't hear or see you, honey!" he exhaled with frustration. "O well! Someone or some robot will come for us," he carefully slid down and landed down on his two kneecaps inside a dark tunnel, scanning the floor for Victoriana, calling out loud. "Victoriana, I can't see or hear you. Are you hurt? Are you near me? Please"
Lowell rushed through the eastern archway and collided into a tree, well, a tree teen. She slammed into the solid wall and then bounced upright, sneering at Lowell. "Watch it, fool! I was walking here first."
He back stepped with confusion and stared at her black tinted face in silence, surveying her three teammates, recognizing the archive team from the country of Ecuador. He gasped in alarm and looked back down at an empty staircase and then returned back, sneering at the teen. "I am here first. I am the first one. Me!" He rushed through the four slime-painted dying-tree female quartet and dashed up the stairs towards the bright light. "I am first. I see the bright light. I'm going into the bright light with my new life. Yeah, me!" Lowell left behind on the eighth floor a healthy Trux and an injured Victoriana down inside the tunnel as the newest cute loving teen couple. "Someone will come for ya'll, eventually." He laughed out loud with his evil plan.
On top of the staircase, at the eighth-floor location, the fourth member of the archive team from the Ecuador turned and sneered at the back spine on Lowell, pointing the teen. "Go! Get moving! That teen male knows something. He knows the secret of the grand prize. Go up the staircase to the capstone room right now!"
The leader of the team started to rip off her slime-painted costume with her rushed words of panic. "Rip off your tree trunk from your tree legs and ran up the rest of the staircase towards the capstone room. Toss off your costume and race towards the grand prize. Yeah!" She dashed ahead towards the ninth floor into the bright light also. Her teammates obeyed and followed the leader up the staircase into the capstone room.
Underneath the eighth-floor tunnel, Trux continued to squat on top of the floor and as his two eyeballs adjusted to the darkness. He called out again. "Victoriana, if you are in here, please, yell back to me? I'll come there and get you, honey." He didn't hear a sound and as his eyeballs adjusted to the darkness.
The mysterious room was a long tunnel hidden underneath the eighth-floor level and made of solid cool metal in black hue, making the space both dark and spooky. However, Trux didn't see a he-ghost flowing around the cool-looking air waves. On one end point of the long hallway, the side wall was semi-illuminated with a bright light source that he could not identify as tiny beams glittered and gleamed through the seams, streaming into the darkness in yellow hue. He didn't see a lumpy body of a she-ghost or his new friend Victoriana either.
He turned and stared at the opposite end, seeing a darker floor and ceiling, where an injured body could be hiding. He nodded with determination of finding and then helping Victoriana, reaching out, touching the cool side wall and slowly stomped down the cold metal floor and called out her name with worry.


§


Down on the first floor, inside an empty auditorium room, Dickana smiled and clapped with delight. "Finally, now, the staircase is empty of archive teens and all of my archive team members also. The show is about to begin," she moved ahead, stopped and then spun around, slowly lowering her back spine on top of the black tinted diagonal steel ramp, pressing a button on the panel and secured her head, chest, waistline, and both of her legs onto the ramp. She pressed a new button. The ramp swiftly glided up towards the ceiling, through the opening, over the second floor, over the third-floor metal step, and the other floors, halting at angle on the capstone room. the top metal edge attached to the metal ceiling, securing Dickana twenty stories in the air waves, without a set of steps or an elevator carriage, coming from the first floor.
She slowly struggled inside the pair of secure straps and then leaned her face down into a square hole on the ramp and blew out her set of sour breathes onto an identical square hole on the intersection of the southern and eastern capstone walls. The tiny opening tumbled away from the metal and revealed a peek-hole for one eyeball. She leaned over and closed the opposite eyelash, viewing the complete interior of the capstone room, like a nasty fly, in silence.
On the opposite end, the western side, the metal door swiftly opened and revealed the next archive mentor with a smile. Kara was too quick and pressed the trigger, slapping a set of thin cloth ropes around the tall male body, decorating his mouth, without words, chaining his two wrist bones, without movement, tying his two ankle bones without walking. Then, one of her Rus adults reached out and grabbed the archive mentor, toting the new guest over his shoulder, spinning around with a smile and then slowly moved ahead toward his native archive team mates, who were tied and sat down on the floor in funny weird sounds also.
Starting on the eastern side of the large room and underneath the peek-hole with Dickana, a line of sitting persons tied in rows of yellow tinted thin cloth ropes, without speaking, but faintly moaning with weird sounds and wiggled side to side with fear and worry while trying to escape from their capture but was not able. The rest of the persons were more of the archive teens that Dickana didn't know and didn't wanna know, spotting some of the faces on a row of persons hugging the northern wall, in sitting order, Bickman, Patsie, Victoriana, and Lowell.
"The door is opening," Kara yelled out loud to all of her Rus team members.
Dickana shifted her single eyeball to the western wall that intersected the southern wall.
At the entrance point, the steel door opened and revealed an archive mentor, and then closed shut immediately in the face of the next mentor, presenting Rus leader Kara Ingvar, who shot out her gun and wrapped a set of thin yellow tinted cloth straps around the mouth, both wrist bones, and both ankle bones on the archive mentor. One of her Rus teens shuffled the tied archive mentor towards the homeland archive team members, who were presented the same way.
Inside the secret, square-shaped compartment in black hue that protected her body from weather, exposure, and Kara, Dickana laughed out loud with her victory, sneering. "I have them all right here and right now. No one can escape from me. Rus leader Kara arrived here before the other archive mentors while her nasty team of four Rus warriors toted up all the supplies inside the provided pyramid-shaped backpack from me. I am a genius. I have secured your defeat, Kara. But you don't know it yet, only I do," she laughed again and watched the commotion waiting until all 215 individuals, including you, coming from the 43 countries including the USA with one archive mentor and four teammates were inside the capstone.
Dickana had personally escorted Bickman and Patsie through the glass pyramid which had been constructed by her fleet of robots up towards to the capstone, this morning, to inspect and greet all the new guests attending the Archive Ball, without the knowledge of the greatest even in the history of the world.


§


On the ninth floor, within the blinking sunrays, inside each eyeball covered by a lower eye lid, Gemma continued to rip off and tossed out a piece of her slime-painted eggshell suit, skipping over the piece, before it disintegrated down into the heated metal. Seeing an open archway, she leaped off the melting piece of slime-painted pink-tinted eggshell piece inside the ninth floor and then flew through the air, slamming into the side wall of glass, quickly back jumping onto the next step that led to the capstone room. She exhaled with relief and leaned against the semi-warm silver tinted wall, wiping sweat balls off her wet face and dirty arms, slapping the front pocket on her mini blue jeans skirt. She stood upright from the wall and exhaled with relief feeling the three new possessions, the diamond, the pearl, and the flat coin, dropping her bone skull backwards with a smile of happiness. Her two eyeballs saw the closed black tinted door.
Gemma spun around with a gasp and smiled at the closed door. "I am here. I can't believe it. I made it to the capstone room. Do I really wanna go into the capstone room? I really need to leave the Birmingham Art and Science Center and purchase an international ticket to the country of England and find my mom. My mom needs to touch and then become healed with the ancient mystic coin that shows Thor's Hammer symbol," she exhaled with happiness. "And I need to tell Dickana where to stuff it. She might get mad. All right! I'll tell Dickana that I must quit and go see my mom. Yeah, that's the less violence option here. I'll really a mean and angry teen, right now," she slowly climbed the steps with a soft sneer and reached out, slamming the metal, entering a few inches into the dark capstone room.
The room was made of glass, but the glass was painted in black hue that blocked out all of the solar sunlight rays and the view of metro city Birmingham from 200 feet into the heated air waves. At the top of the capstone, a glass tip was covered in black paint also, making the room dark and spooky. The air waves didn't sound with musical rock and roll tunes. The walls didn't hold a single sitting chair or a single table with steaming food and cold beverages. The floor didn't present a single dancer or a dancing couple. Instead, around the large parameter inside the capstone room, rows of individuals were sitting down on the glass floor and body-tied with numerous yellow tinted cloth straps, moaning like a ghost, wiggling like an earthworm.
Gemma realized all of the archive mentors and the archive teens, but some of the teens were missing, like the nasty four from the country of Greece. She gasped in shock and stared down at Lowell, Victoriana, Patsie, and Bickman, who sat on the floor and tied in cloth straps also.
From the side wall beside the doorway, Kara stood out of sight and smiled at the back spine on Gemma. "Welcome to the capstone, Gemma! We have been expecting you."
Gemma slowly turned around and gasped in shock, seeing Kara Ingvar there in front of the door. "What do you want, Kara? I know who you are."
She smiled. "I know who you are too. I am here too. And I want to announce to the entire group that I have found the Villainous of the Villains."
Gemma frowned. "What does that statement mean? I don't understand any of your confusing words."
She laughed. "You are a humble and naive young teen girl. I have been looking for the young teen leader that will lead all of the bad villains in the world, the Villainous of the Villains. And you are that person."
Gemma gasped in shock and shook her curls. "No! I can't be that person. I am a good person, not a vile evil person."
She nodded. "O! Let us count thy evil ways! You stole the Thor's Hammer in the country of Sweden. You tried to kill your archive co-worker Trux down in the traveling tunnel. Then you stole a second Thor's Hammer in the country of Bergen. Then you tried to murder poor Trux for a second time in the swimming pool. Then you took off like a rocket and raced around the glass pyramid alone and lonely without your three archive friends, collecting treasures for your selfie." Kara laughed.
"No! Your words are not painting the correct picture here. I want off, alone and lonely, on each archive adventure to find Thor's Hammer. The healing powers from the ancient coin with the symbol of Thor's Hammer can save my mom. My mom has cancer and is dying of bad cancer cells inside her body. I wanna save my mom. That's all the fess about my teenly behavior. Why are even questioning me? Where is Dickana? Where is Patsie? Where is Bickman? Who are you anyways? Where are the rest of the archive teens? Where are the rest of the archive monitors? I thought I have heard some noise at the end of the avenue, when I was escaping the ninth floor."
Kara slapped her chest and winked at Gemma. "I am the giver of truths. First truth, you are the teen leader Villainous of the Villains. Second truth, your mother is not in the country of England."
"What!" Gemma gasped in shock. She reached over and flipped on the overhead lamps, pointing into the dark room. The teen slowly whirled around and gasped in shock. 
The dark colored large capstone room was filled with the junior archive teens, the older archive mentors, her archive friend Lowell, her high school friend Victoriana, her coworkers Bickman and Patsie. And, finally, Gemma viewed with puzzlement her two sets of parents, including her step-father and her step-mother.
Senior archivist Patsie wore her usual cheongsam black tinted dress and a pair of green colored military boots that were tied at each ankle bone and her long pretty pearl neckline, not a slime-painted archive costume, like the other archive teens.
Senior archivist Bickman wore her same outfit from this morning activities too. She was dressed in a blue colored short sleeved shirt, a pair of faded blue jeans, and a pair of brown and blue colored leather cowgirl boots, wearing a big golden colored buckle on the belt and a pair of golden colored stud earrings in both of her earlobes.
In front of the closed steel door, Gemma frowned with puzzlement, "What is this? I see all of the familiar faces that represent each one of the young or mature archives. I see my new friend Lowell and my old friend Victoriana and my parents and my step-parents. What is the meaning of this? Everyone is sitting down on the glass floor and tied with a cloth around their mouth and both of their two wrist and ankle bones. Why do you want them? Is this a kidnapping event in here?"
She smiled. "This is not a kidnapping but an announcement party. Gemma is the teen leader that will lead all of the Villainous of the Villains into the future."
Gemma continued to scan the room which was made of glass but colored in black hue that blocked out all of the bright and heated sunny rays coming from the heated afternoon solar sun. The room was cold, gloomy, and scary. The space lacked one piece of sitting furniture, a single cute or ugly wall decoration, a single plate of food, a loud musical tune, and head archivist Dickana. She sneered back at Kara while scanning each worried face on each person down on the floor. "No! That's not me! No way, honey!"
She laughed. "That is, you. And I can prove it."
Gemma spun around with fury and then mouth spat her salvia down on the floor, sneering at Kara. "Proof it!" She laughed with her teenly attitude.
Kara nodded with a smile. "The young leader of the Villainous of the Villains comes from the greatest vile, vicious villain of the world. Can you name the vilest, vicious villain in the world?"
"Hitler!" Gemma frowned. "You are wrong. I am not related to nasty Hitler or any person that lives or comes from the country of Germany."
"No! Hitler is not the vilest, vicious villain in the world. He was an insane ruler."
Gemma gasped in alarm and pondered her thoughts. "Vlad II Dracula of Austria was known as Vlad the Impaler. He impaled 80,000 people."
"No! King Dracula is not the vilest, vicious villain in the world. He was a crazy king commander."
Gemma nodded. "Countess Elizabeth Bathory de Ecsed of Hungary killed 650 girls and bathed in their blood proteins to maintain her beauty."
"No. Countess Bathory was not the mostest, vilest, vicious villain in the world. She was a series killer."
Gemma frowned and tossed both of her arms in the air, chuckling out loud with amusement, annoyance and worry at Kara. "Well, I give up. I don't know. Please tell me and your captured audience!" She slapped both of her hands down onto her silly slime-painted costume without hitting her leg skin.
Kara smiled. "The mostest, vilest, vicious villain in the world displays a unique genetic birthmark, in which you carry also. You and the greatest, mostest, vilest, vicious villain in the world possess hypoplasia. Hypoplasia is a congenital reduction on the fifth finger or the little finger or the pinky finger on the left hand, not the right hand. Hypoplasia means your pinky finger is shorter than the joint on the fourth finger or ring finger. Throughout the world, only eight percent of the population possesses the hypoplasia congenital condition. For your new biology lesson, today, seventy percent of the individuals display a pinky finger which is above the joint line on the fourth finger. And 74 percent of people in the world possesses an even-length pinky finger tip with the fourth finger joint. However, you are the luckiest girl in the world," she lifted up her and wiggled the four fingers in her smile. "Your tiny cute pinky finger also curves on the digit on the plane of your palm. Clinodactyly is the medical term that describes the curvature of a digit, in which, only three percent of the entire population displays the genetic trait that comes from your biological mommy or daddy. So, go ahead and look at your left hand! Hold it near your face and see the truth!"
Gemma gasped in alarm and slowly lifted up her left hand near her face while feeling fear and intrigue, studying her left digits and then gasped in shock. "My pinky finger on my left is shorter than the joint length on my fourth finger and my pinky finger on my left hand is curved to the side, not upright and straight. Why is this on me? What does it mean? I don't understand. Who is the mostest, vilest, vicious villain in the world?"
Kara smiled with a nod to Gemma. "For our curious audience members, who cannot speak but see and hearing my words. A person with a pinky finger that is even with the joint length on the fourth finger means that you are a kind and generous person and the receiver of love and affection. You know and express your feeling through your excellent communication skills. You dislike disputes and conflict but try to maintain a peaceful and harmonious relationship with people. You are gentle and peaceful and loving creature here on the planet. Thank you! There is no need for applause. But thanks anyway. If your pinky finger rises beyond the joint length on the fourth finger, then you possess a bright and humorous personality and set the mood at the newest scene with family, with friends, and with strangers. You possess excellent people skills and freely express your personal thoughts and show your personal emotions. You do not want to be lonely and put a good face that things are okay. You need to try to be yourself for yourself and in front of others. Now, back to the original subject. The significant of a shorter pinky finger indicates that you keep lots of secrets. Do you keep lots of secrets, Gemma? Your shorter pinky finger means that you do not attach to any other person easily or not at all. You have big dreams with high outcomes for each one of your projects. However, other people always disappoint and get cut from your program or cause, because you possess high expectations from other people too. You possess strong duty and dedication regarding any person and program and property and pets," she laughed. "Also, you don't work about building relationships or rising artificial mountains with other people, because you can do it all!"
"Yes! Yes! Yes! That's me! That's the real me!" Gemma tossed up both of her arms in the air and shouted out loud, spinning around in a half circle and softly growled at her two archive co-workers and then her parents, feeling free and mean about her unlucky life. Her dad encouraged, also, ordered Gemma to take this summertime internship job and help with money payments to the local university, where his daughter would take only two academic courses while she continued to work another job. 
Gemma continued to softly growl in annoyance that her parents, who would not take out a loan and pay for her college courses, like other loving parents do. Her future was determined by her own monies and her own actions, not her parents.
Kara moved closer and stood beside Gemma, smiling at Gemma's mother. "Yes, you are the true teen leader Villainous of the Villains. Your life is about to change from high school student into evil mastermind of the world. I want to take you away from this backwards city and introduce you to the life of wealthy riches beyond your imagination, including fast jets, fast boats, faster men," she laughed out loud.
Gemma spun around and frowned at Kara. "You have not explained my true lineage. Are they my true parents?"
She darted back and sneered at Gemma's mom. "Yes, they are your true parents, Gemma. Your mother carries the same congenital trait on her pinky finger on her left hand."
"What!" Gemma gasped in shock and stared at her mother with puzzlement.
"Your mother, at your age, was offered the leadership position to rule and lead all of the Villainous of the Villains."
"Mom, is that true? Is Kara right about all her information? I don’t understand. What does all of this mean for me and for you, Mom?"
Gemma's mom was sitting on the floor with the other teens, the other archive mentors, Bickman, Patsie, Lowell, Victoriana with a cloth stuffed into her mouth and a set of thin cloth ties around each wrist and ankle bone. She slightly nodded her chin in an affirmative answer.
"What!" Gemma gasped in shock.
Kara smiled at Gemma's mom, "The Villainous of the Villains clan offered her the leadership position, but she turned it down and then got married and become a mother working a clerical job at the local insurance company." she chuckled at the disappointing adult but possessed high hopes for the daughter.
"Why did you turn it down, Mom?" Gemma frowned and spun around with a gasp. "But wait! My mom has cancer. She is very sick. She could not possibly take on the leadership role of the Villainous of the Villains, back then to right now. A few days ago, my mom had been in the country of England looking for a cure to her cancer."
Kara raised one eyebrow with a smirk. "How did she acquire the cancer? When did she get sick? What are her symptoms? Is she seeing a physician?" Kara smiled.
Gemma gasped in shock. "I don't know the answers to those questions. My mom has been sick with cancer for years and years and years." She spun around and stared at her mom. "Mom, please, address all the questions from Kara. I wanna know the answers to all of the posed questions, also. I don't really remember you going to the physician or vomiting up your food or taking any pills or going to the hospital. Why is that, Mom?"
She smiled and leaned down, saying into the eardrum on Gemma. "I know all of the answers.
"Why did you ask the questions?" Gemma frowned at her mom but addressed Kara.
"I wanted you to hear the answers from your mother's lips, but she is not going to address any of the questions, because each answer is blank."
"What!" What does that mean, Kara? What is Kara talking about?" Gemma frowned at her mom. Gemma's mom tilted her head and stared at her daughter while struggling with the ropes.
Kara smiled. "Your mother divorced your father for the money and then abandoned you to live in each house for her fun while she jetted across the world with her new husband. Her husband is part of the villainous clan of bad, nasty, evil villains and has been entertaining your mom for his fun too. Your mother had realized too late that she really did want the job of the leader of the Villainous of the Villains, when you turned six years old and entered elementary school. However, her turn has passed, but your turn is present that will lead all of us into the future? What is your answer to my pose question, Gemma?"
"Mom!" Gemma sneered with angry. "Is that really true? Is the story true? That you divorced my dad to have fun, without my dad, and to get rid of me. I'm your only child. You didn't have any more children. Is this the reason why?"
"And you dad agreed to the convenient divorce and a pile of money from your future step-father, so he could have fun and transfer you back and forth to each household on the weekends with his new wife, who is part of the Villainous of the Villains too. Ask them! Well, they can't speak but study their eyeballs and their body movements, Gemma. Each one is squirming like a wiggling earthworm, that is baking in the hot heat. Does an innocent person squirm or calmly sit when the truth is revealed? What do you think, Gemma? What does the captured audience think?" Kara laughed at the losers that had fallen into her trap.
Gemma continued to stare at her biological parents but believed Kara's words. Small pieces were completing the puzzle. Kara had come here to find the young leader Villainous of the Villains and accomplished her goal. Gemma had come here to work for college monies. Now, she was learning the lies and the truth. Her mom had attended the fun parties while Gemma had struggled with her studies in elementary school, middle school, and high school and without monies, friends, and direction.
Gemma felt hatred at her two parents and sneered. "Who was the vilest, vicious villain in the world? I could not answer the question. I do not know the answer, Kara. But I would to know along with the captured audience."
She nodded with a smile. "The mostest, vilest, vicious villain in the world betrayed the nicest, sweetest, kindest individual in the world. After that vile, vicious act, all of his children and grandchildren know of the vile, vicious act and then formed the villainous clan proclaiming evil deeds, conducting evil affairs, and executing evil members, who did not comply. Some of his direct blood relatives objected to the new motto and then were immediately eliminated from the villainous clan. However, there were enough great-grandchildren, and great-great grandchildren to carry on the way. His name is Judas Iscariot. Did you know that name?"
"Yes. Judas Iscariot was a disciple and then betrayed Jesus for thirty silver coins by a kiss on the cheek. History does not tattle the motive of the betrayal. But Judas Iscariot committed suicide by hanging, before Jesus died. Then, Judas was buried in a potter's field with his own silver coins. How is it possible for Judas Iscariot to be my long last blood relative?"
"First, he possessed the tiny short pinky finger that curved outward on the bone stem. There are only a handful of individuals that possess that genetic trait and you are one of them. Second, a man that betrayed a friend for silver coins will also betray his girlfriend. He met a girl and they have a child. That child grew, got married, and had a child, and so on and so on, the DNA strand moves from the ancient past to the present future, right here and right now. Back then, there were followers of Jesus and new followers of dead Judas Iscariot. The Villainous of the Villains are the past, present, and future followers of the new villain leader of the villainous. The recent leader, who was a long-lost cousin on your mother's side died and so the spot is vacant and ripe for the taking. What do you say to my proposal, Gemma?"
Gemma stared for a long time at her biological parents with fury and then surveyed Lowell and Victoriana, Bickman, and Patsie with angry. Trux and Victoriana were missing. Thus, Kara had accomplished her goal here inside the Birmingham Art and Science Center, in secret, for a second time, eliminating her enemies too.
Gemma didn't fit into the mold of a proper society. Maybe, she was really a mole that liked to live underground and away from the spot light of proper society.
Her mother had been invited and refused to join the villainous clan. Then Gemma's life would have been different or better or worse. She didn't know. However, she liked to intimidate and boss people around making the decision, carrying out her projects, her programs, her way of thinking. Yes, she was a born leader and craved the leadership role and desired to run her life, here way, not her mother's or her father's or Kara's either.
Gemma spun around with a stern face and asked Kara. "Do I pick my mate?"
"Yes."
"Do I have children?"
"Yes."
"Do I pick my programs?"
"Yes!"
"Do I lead without question?"
"Yes!"
Gemma frowned. "Then what's the catch here? My mother was asked and returned to join. Your offer sounds lovely."
Kara laughed out loud and then nodded to Gemma. "There is not a catch here for you. You are the rightful leader Villainous of the Villains with your unique genetic birthmark that cannot be washed away," she chuckled. "You are the leader. The Villainous of the Villains follows the true leader without question or protest or violence. Do you wanna your destiny? That's my question to you, Gemma!"
Gemma nodded with a smile "Yes, I want to fulfill my destiny."
"That's an excellent answer. I am very pleased with your decision, Gemma. I am not the leader or the co-leader of the villainous. I am a protector, more or less, as you learn your new lifetime job, which you will pass along to your child."
"That's great! I'm ready to leave this place. Where is the headquarters of the Villainous of the Villains?"
"Ah! First, you must pass the test, before we can leave and see the wonders of the world and experience the life of a truly evil and deadly leader of the villainous?"
Gemma frowned. "What test? I passed the test. I came here and endured lots of silly teens and sillier mentors and then I passed it all."
Kara laughed out loud with a nod. Well, you almost passed it all," she reached down into her jumpsuit and whipped out a hand gun, extending the weapon to Gemma. "Take this!"
Gemma gasped in alarm. "It…. it’s a hand gun."
"Have you fired a hand gun?"
"Yes, I have fired a hand gun, but it has been a very long time ago."
Kara smiled and still extended the weapon to Gemma. "Good! A true villain never forgets had to use a weapon, any weapon." Gemma accepted the weapon and stared down the silver tinted metal, in silence. "Now, you are to pick one individual inside this room and kill them with the one bullet inside the gun. Aim and fire the bullet into the face that will kill them instantly."
The captured audience members started to wiggle and squirm with fear, softly moaning through the cloth around each pair of lips while staring at Gemma, the new teen villain leader of the villainous.


§


Behind the eastern metal wall, through the peek-hole, Dickana continued to stare at Gemma and Kara while whispering for her eardrums only. "Kill Kara! Kill Kara! You hold the hand gun with a real bullet, so go ahead and take the shot and kill Kara! Kara is the sponsor of the Villainous of the Villains vile, vicious gang throughout the world. Do it, Gemma!"


§


Underneath the eighth floor, inside the tunnel, eighteen years old, high school graduate Trux stopped with both hands on his waistline and stood in front of a black tinted side wall, without lights or symbols or handles. "Dang! I didn't see Victoriana and I didn't an exit door. I'm totally confused and trapped down here inside the tunnel. Maybe, Victoriana did the same thing and dashed ahead, exiting the tunnel, before me. Then the door closed. Dickana rigged all types of fun and nasty traps for one or more teens here inside the glass pyramid. I guess..."
On the opposite end of the tunnel, the side wall slowly opened and revealed beams of bright sunlight rays that illuminated the dark room, hitting the back spine on Trux.
Trux gasped in shock at the heated air and then slowly spun around, staring at the open archway on the other end of the tunnel. "Yes, Victoriana! She was not harmed but has gotten help for me." He raced down the tunnel with happiness.


§


Inside the capstone room, on the western metal wall, the Rus leader Kara continued to smile at Gemma. "This is your only test. If you pass the test, you are the new leader for the Villainous of the Villains. You are allowed to pick and kill any person in this room. That is your only test. You can complete the test when you are ready, Gemma." She back stepped from Gemma and slammed her back spine into the metal wall while watching Gemma and her teenly actions.
Gemma stared down at the hand gun and remembered how to shoot a weapon with ease and then snarled at her new row of enemies, rapidly spinning around without aiming the cold barrel, staring at her known friends, and family members. She asked. "I only need to shoot and kill one person, is that correct, Kara?"
"Why do you ask? The gun slot possesses two bullets. Are you interested in shooting more than one person? I do possess more bullets for the hand gun." She laughed out loud as and the captured audience members squealed in fear.
Gemma laughed out loud and slowly lifted up the hand gun, holding the weapon like a gun expert in-between her two hands, aiming at Bickman. Bickman was wrapped with numerous cloth ropes around her tall and muscular female body frame and could not get her hands or feet freed to kill Gemma first and then Kara next.
Gemma smiled with a nod and slowly shuffled the cold barrel on the hand gun at Patsie. Patsie tensed in fear and started to sob, releasing her sad tears of fear, angry, and sorrow down her face.
Gemma nodded with a stern face and then slowly shifted the cold barrel onto the face of her biological mother, who was sitting beside Patsie and her new husband. Her mother wiggled side to side with fear and yelled through the cloth on her mouth making silly sounds that her daughter couldn't hear. 
Gemma did not nod but slowly scooted the hand gun over her step-father and then landed the cold barrel onto the face of her biological father. Her father tensed with worry and struggled with freedom that didn't come, yelling through the cloth also with silly noises, where no one could understand.
Gemma did not nod and slowly shuffled the hand gun over her step-mother and then aimed the cold barrel onto the face of her high school friend Victoriana. Victoriana was sobbing with her tears of worry, fear, hate, sorrow, fright and tensed in front of the gun, yelling out loud through the cloth while squirming side to side without freedom also.
Gemma nodded with a smile and slowly shifted the hand gun over the air waves and stopped at her archive co-worker Lowell.
Lowell gasped in alarm and started yelling out loud with silly sounds while bouncing up and down off the hard glass floor with worry and fear. He didn't know Gemma and didn't care to find her ever, after leaving the capstone room, the internship program and the building. He was quitting his summer job and returning home, for safety while waiting for his parents without tattling the deadly tale. He would fib and said that he was fired from the internship program.
Gemma nodded with a smile and slowly shuffled the cold barrel on the gun to the teen leader from the country of Ecuador. The four teens were dressed as a slime-painted tall tree with a black tinted, skinny tree trunk, and a red-tinted head of tree leaves that represented the large group of burning dead trees within their native land.
The tall, slender girl with a pair frightened eyeballs started to yell out loud through her cloth gag at Gemma and wiggled side to side while trying to free her wrists and ankle bones, without success. The rest of the tied audience members started moaning through the cloth and wiggling on top of the glass floor with fear, fright, worry, sorrow, sadness, terror and horror while staring at Gemma.
Gemma laughed out loud and then swiftly shifted the cold barrel on the hand gun to Victoriana, quickly aiming, pressing the trigger. A bullet fired from the barrel and embedded the right eyeball on Victoriana, killing her body instantly. The bullet exited through her skull and spilled her blood proteins onto the glass wall, where her head stuck onto the smooth surface. Her body shivered in death and then farted out gasses, pooped out shit, and leaked spilled urine from her slime-painted dress.
Lowell jumped a few inches up from the floor in fear and exhaled with heavy breathes of life, slowly turning to see dead Victoriana, feeling relief, worry, fear, sadness, and sorrow and started to cry with his teenly emotions.
Gemma stood in the shooter pose with a smirk in silence. She did not hate Victoriana but envied the beautiful girl with the charming manners, and all of the signature designer clothes. Now, Victoriana could impress someone else in heaven, not anyone on the planet.


§


Behind the eastern metal wall, through the peek-hole, Dickana continued to stare at Gemma whispering for her eardrums only. "I know it. I know it. I know the teen leader of the Villainous of the Villains was Gemma, from the first interview on the internship job. That's why I had hired her. And Gemma proved it right here and right now. Now, the show must end, folks! I hate to do this, folks. But I must. I must do it right here and right now." She dropped backwards from the frontal wall with a gasp of surprise inside the enclosed compartment of solid silver tinted metal and landed against an upright board, reaching out, slamming each side metal wall and then hit a hidden panel with each index finger.
The ceiling, the four sides, and the floor slowly crumbled away from the square-shaped compartment, dropping small and large pieces of heated metal down twenty stories through the air shaft of the portal sleigh, slapped the lobby floor, making a terrible bang through the air waves.
Inside the capstone, Gemma continued to stand with a shooter stance and slowly shifted the hand gun with another bullet to each known person, not an archive teen or an archive mentor. Each person continued to squirm over the floor and yelled out loud in fear as Gemma selected her new target with the gun.
Behind the eastern wall, Dickana stood inside a large metal bowl that could hold four individuals with ease and securely wrapped her upright body into the upright board while preparing for the release drop. The interior design of the bowl contained a floor of soft-formed foam for her two sandaled feet and rows of soft cushions around the bowl-shaped walls for her riding comfort. She reached back behind the upright board with the control panel and slammed the released button on the left side. The bottom on the square-shaped, enclosed compartment crumbled into a set of large metal pieces and then dropped down through the open shaft, hitting the same lobby floor, producing another terrible sound. Then her bowl-shaped large buckle slowly dropped down in a steady pace from the capstone level and then halted on the next floor. She viewed another compartment of solid black tinted walls.


§


Underneath the eighth floor, inside the tunnel, eighteen years old, high school graduate Trux stopped with both hands on his waistline and stood in front of a black tinted side wall, without lights or symbols or handles. "Dang! I didn't see Victoriana and I didn't an exit door. I'm totally confused and trapped down here inside the tunnel. Maybe, Victoriana did the same thing and dashed ahead, exiting the tunnel, before me. Then the door closed. Dickana rigged all types of fun and nasty traps for one or more teens here inside the glass pyramid. I guess..."
On the opposite end of the tunnel, the side wall slowly opened and revealed beams of bright sunlight rays that illuminated the dark room, hitting the back spine on Trux.
Trux gasped in shock at the heated air and then slowly spun around, staring at the open archway on the other end of the tunnel. "Yes, Victoriana! She was not harmed but has gotten help for me too." He raced down the tunnel with happiness.
Inside the same tunnel, the western metal wall in black hue slowly rose up into the hidden slot and revealed an empty tunnel also in black tinted hue.
She smiled down at her new escape route. "I am clear to go. But I have one more item to complete on my checklist." Dickana reached over and pressed a button on the eastern interior side metal wall on the building that activated a series of hidden bombs that rested underneath each floor level, including the hidden basement space with the stored eight mini-rocket ships. She reached back behind the upright board in her buckle and pressed the ignition button warming the engines on her transport, at the same time, a set of fainted explosions occurred down on the foundation building.
Dickana giggled with amusement. "I gotta get outta of here now, before the capstone floor and the building rooftop fall down on me, maiming my body and killing my person dead. Finally, I have accomplished my final mission. All of the Rus members plus all of the archive teens and their archive mentors plus the Rus leader Kara plus the new Villainous of the Villains leader Gemma will die from the collapsing building floors, in a couple of minutes. No one can escape from the capstone room. I have sealed both the entrance and exit points with a thick steel door while trapping everyone inside. I feel really bad about Bickman and Patsie. They were two good people, in the wrong place, at the wrong time. O well! I will establish a college scholarship in each dead name to keep their pretty face intact for generations of young children," she chuckled.
Over the bowl-shaped buckle carriage, a square-shaped box of three individual poles formed a small open cabin across the center of the buckle carriage, without a glass window. The buckle carriage contained glass windows which would employ once the transport had left the building, while giving the pilot a chance to abandon the ride inside the enclosed tunnel, before the flying craft exploded in the air waves.
Note: This was an experimental prototype from the US military forces that Dickana was allowed to test drive for fun.
On each side of the tallest pole, a mini-rocket was attached that glided the buckle carriage ahead at fifteen miles per hour, clearing the tunnel space, exiting the building with Dickana. Once the buckle carriage was inside the air waves, the twin mini-rockets would quickly accelerate into maximum speed whisking Dickana away from the crumbling building, without injury.
Dickana had not piloted or flown inside the buckle carriage, but Bickman had inspected and approved all of the working parts and pieces for a successful launch, if that day ever came.
And that day had come, unlike the room of people in the capstone tower with the glass-coated Birmingham Art and Science Center.
She did not have a hidden camera lenses inside the buckle carriage that connected directly inside the capstone room as the rest of the floor levels were empty of people, artifacts, and robots. But Dickana guessed the confusion and the commotion from her prime enemy pondering the internal situation.

Kara retrieves the dangerous hand gun from Gemma and loads the bullet cartridge again killing innocent people, which is the Villainous of the Villains’ way, while back stepping into the steel door, slamming her hand into the metal wall and hunts for the release button.
There is not a release button
 Without finding the release button, she will continue to kill each innocent and tied individual, shoving Gemma towards the opposite side of the capstone room into the other metal wall while hunting for a release button.
There is not a release button on other steel door either.
Then Kara will spin around and fires an array of bullets into the steel door ricocheting all over the room while killing more innocent people, re-hitting the dead people, and murdering her own body along with Gemma too.

Inside the buckle carriage, Dickana laughed out loud and clapped with delight. A low-lying dong sound echoed within the air waves. The twin mini-rocket engines were ready while shooting out tiny streams of white plumes, hissing with tiny sparks of fuel molecules at the solid metal wall. She reached backward, in the location parallel to her bone skull, around the upright seating board that safety held the set of control buttons and slammed the ignition button. The twin mini-rocket engines roared with heat and volume. She reached down and slipped a hand into the slotted cup on her two collar bone straps, yelling out loud with excitement and stared down into an empty tunnel while viewing the bright beams of sunlight at the end of the open tunnel mouth.
The rockets ignited and as the buckle carriage shot forward and Dickana screamed in fright and delight. The transport flew a few inches from the metal floor and as the wind current hit her face and her exposed arms.
Several feet from the opposite end point inside the sunlight tunnel, Trux stopped with a gasp of fear and stared into the mouth of the tunnel, feeling the heated air on his face, smelling the smog from the paper factories in his nostrils. "What is this? What is happening in here? Where is Victoriana? Where is Lowell? Where is any one person but me?" The metal floor echoed in loud whistles and each side wall rattled violently sideways. He wobbled side to side, without falling down on the surface while dancing over the metal floor, without dropping off the tunnel mouth and landed down onto the hard, concrete sidewalk.
A surge of heated breeze slammed into his back spine. Trux was facing the open tunnel where the air was heated but didn't strike his back spine. He slowly spun around and gasped in alarm, seeing a massive object in the far distance, on the same enclosed tunnel hallway. He looked up and viewed the hole on the ninth floor which measured sixteen feet in height.
Trux could jump that high even scared to death.
He returned back and examined each wall of solid metal, without a small opening for a swift escape, looking back at the approaching object that appeared like a plume of white tinted steam. The building structure violently shook again and as a series of loud explosives echoed throughout the air waves.
Trux continued to stand and parked both of his hands on his waistline while pondering his upcoming death at the age of eighteen years old and praying for the loving protection of his mom and dad by the Prime Creator. He slowly spun around to face the mouth, seeing numerous sunlight rays. The time was four pm on a pretty day here in Birmingham. He could take a chance and jump through the open mouth of the tunnel, carefully climbing down the next level, but the building was violently rattling, dropping down tiny pieces of glass and metal on the ground. The building might fall down on top of him also from the series of unknown explosions.
In the middle of the tunnel, behind a plume of white tinted steam, Dickana continued to fly through the air with gritted teeth from the wind currents and narrowed her two eyelashes at the misty dark shadow in the front of the tunnel hole. She gasped in alarm. "It can't be, because he is inside the capstone room. But...but...I... I don't remember seeing him along with all of the other unlucky archive team members that fall down into one of my numerous fun-loving traps here inside the glass building. Trux, my teen archive employee is down here with me, with me, with me. How did Trux get down here inside the tunnel? What is the mystery here? What am I missing here? O no! Trux is blocking my exit point flying out from the tunnel, into the air waves, escaping the doomed peoples, inside a doomed building. He must move from the hole and stand to the side and jump through the hole. My transport will hit his tall and muscular body like a standing doe deer, then my transport will crash and then stall out and burst into a plume of flames with me inside." She removed her two hands and wiggled both of her arms in the air, lifting up both of her kneecaps, kicking one leg at a time while trying to get Trux's attention. She started yelling over the loud rocket engine sound and through the white mist. "Trux! Trux move! Trux! Trux! Trux move! Trux..."
In front of the open mouth, Trux shook his bone skull and made his final decision. He was not going to try and climb down to the next level, where numerous large and small glass panels were shattering from structure, dropping down onto the ground. He slowly back stepped from the mouth of the tunnel and then wobbled sideways from the rattling of the metal floor and dropped down onto the floor, feeling the heated wind on his face and body with curiosity.
His peripheral vision from one eyeball caught the fluid movement deep inside the tunnel.
Trux slowly turned to see the tunnel interior and gasped in alarm, seeing a machine with white steam and a tiny human inside the carriage slowly moving towards his folded body on the floor. "What is that? Who is that? That is here. I am here. We can connect and then leave the building too." He swiftly stood upright on top of the floor and waved both of his arms in the air, jumping up and down from the floor.
Closer to the end of the tunnel, behind a plume of white tinted steam, Dickana continued to dance in the air grabbing the attention from Trux and then gasped in alarm. "He's standing in the middle of the opening. No! No! Get away! Don't stay there! Get away, Trux! Get away from me!" The transport sailed down the tunnel towards the exit point.
Trux smiled and continued to jump higher from the floor, into the air. This transport was his escape plan for exiting the building. He didn't realize the pilot through the smoke, which was probably one of the robots that was escaping too for metal fun. The transport soared closer to Trux.
Dickana cringed in worry and stopped dancing around, grabbing the twin collar bone straps, rapidly shifting her entire body weight side to side and then shifted the buckle carriage a little to the left and then a little way to the right. She would slap his tall body from the mouth opening with the side of the carriage, sending Trux into the side wall, leaping through the hole for safety. Then Trux would die with the doomed people and the doomed building with a final splat on the hard concrete.
On top of the floor, Trux gasped in alarm and watched the transport. The craft was tilting from one side of the wall towards the other without touching the metal. The robot pilot must be damaged. He stopped bouncing and started matching his body movement with the tilting action, dancing to the right with the craft and then shuffling to the left.
Inside the buckle carriage, Dickana cursed out loud in fury and continued to observe the silly teen male, reaching backwards on the upright board, pressing the booster button. The transport was one hundred feet from the tunnel mouth and soared through the heated air waves while tilting up towards one of the side walls and as Dickana slightly tilted downwards in the opposite direction, yelling out loud with her victory. "Yes! He can't touch me now. He can't reach me ever. He..."
"...is going to die," Trux stopped dancing and stood on top of the floor. The rate of speed and size of the large barrel will slam his body into the opposite wall or drag his body through the opening behind his back spine, if he didn't time the next dance step precisely. He bent both of his kneecaps and then waited the transport while exhaling sour breathes, inhaling heated air.
Inside the buckle carriage, Dickana continued to fly slightly sideways above the floor near the side wall at great speed and as the swift air currents blocked some of her vision, but she could see Trux, whispering for her eardrums only. "He's squatting down on the floor. Good! He doesn't know what I am and who I am. He's trying to avoid my flying craft of white smoke which will damage and burn his biological body down onto the heated metal. Great! He's a smart boy and I can easily sail over his alive body and then out into the air waves to freedom. Hurray! Hurray! Hurray!"
Inside the tunnel, the flying transport of misty steam appeared ten feet away from Trux. "Do it, too it!" He stood upright from the squat and then swiftly danced both of his feet over the flat floor, into the same side wall, tilting his long body sideways in the air, shoving his two boot soles from the wall metal and then quickly curled his long body into a tight ball. The falling ball body dropped down through the heated air currents of white smoke and landed hard down on top of a thick soft foam floor, exhaling in relief, sweating in water.
The flying buckle carriage exited out from the tunnel mouth and then swiftly swayed side to side from the second heavy folded up human body, slowly settling in an upright position, quickly sailing ahead through the heated air waves of sun and light. The tiny air craft crossed over the Center's empty parking lot first.


§


Within the Birmingham Art and Science Center building, inside the capstone room, Kara stood in front the door and heard the faint explosions, quickly recognizing the deadly danger to her person and the young villainous leader, grabbing the gun from Gemma, dropping the item on the floor with a loud crash. The captured audience members exhaled with relief that the murderess was disarmed. Kara reached down and grabbed Gemma's hand, swiftly leading them over the floor and towards the opposite wall corner.
On top of the floor, beside a dead Victoriana, eighteen years old, high school graduate Lowell wiggled side to side and yelled out loud, catching Kara's attention. 
Kara stopped with a sigh and released Gemma's hand, squatting down with a smile, ripping off the mouth tape from Lowell.
He wiggled side to side and whispered with a smile at Kara. "Thank you! Thank you for stopping! I'm so glad you're here too. And that I am here too. Untie me, right now!" 
She exhaled with sadness. "Lowell, you were a good spy, but not a good enough spy."
He gasped in shock. "I did what you asked. I placed the ruby gemstone ring on the girl."
"You did what I asked. You placed the ruby gem stone ring on the girl. You had tagged Victoriana as the Villainous of the Villains. You were wrong."
He laughed. "I'm human. I make mistakes, so sue me for two hundred million dollars. Is my two million dollars inside my personal bank account? Is the money there?"
She smiled. "Yes, the money is there, and you are here." Kara stood upright from the floor and Lowell with laughter, grabbing Gemma's hand, rushing them ahead and around rows of tied bodies. She reached out with her free hand and slammed the palm into a hidden doorway that had been built by the fleet of Rus robots that were implanted inside the fleet of Dickana's robots.
The body-tied middle-aged woman beside Lowell leaned over and slammed into his body, moaning with angry, staring at her boy.
Lowell turned and smiled at the woman. "I did, Mom! I got us all of the money from the Rus. I tried to get Kara to take us with her. But she is pretty busy right now. Why are you here with me? I thought you were skiing in the country of Canada." His parents both wiggled side to side in worry at their only child without escaping the cloth binds.
On the wall corner, the hidden door opened and revealed a black tinted floor on an operational new Rus mini-rocket ship floor. Kara entered into the rocket's cockpit with Gemma and then closed the door shut, leaving behind the doomed building and the doomed innocent people, like always as a member of the vile, vicious villainous clan.
A few seconds later, outside the heated day, an object in black hue quickly detached from the capstone rooftop on the Birmingham Art and Science Center and then swiftly flew ahead within a cloud of white smoke, sailing towards the eastern part of the USA, leaving the city of Birmingham.
On the opposite side of the Birmingham Art and Science Center, in the heated air waves, the buckle carriage slowly crossed over both of the interstate bridges, without automobiles, flying over three other parking lots, heading towards a small patch of green tinted grass in front of an abandoned and empty office building. 
Inside the buckle carriage, the white smoke cleared from Dickana's eyeballs. She gasped in shock and looked down, seeing a sideways, folded body of Trux at her feet on top of the foam floor, yelling out loud. "What! What are doing in here, Trux? How did you get here? I saw..."
"You saved me." He opened his two eyelids and smiled at Dickana inside the pilot stand, slowly sitting upright, examining the new transport. " Dickana, I didn't realize your petite body was inside the pilot's stand. That's a strange pilot's chair. And you're not a very good pilot. Maybe, you need some good piloting lessons," Trux wiggled his body and shook his bone skull and limbs checking for any injuries from that fantastic leap off the wall metal down into a flying carriage.
She wiggled both of her arms in the air and yelled at Trux. "You jumped! You jumped in the air! Did you really jump off the floor and then in the air and then landed down inside the carriage?"
Inside the buckle carriage, he wiped the sweat and dirt from his face and arms."Actually, I jumped sideways and then tilted my body into a ball and then leaped off the side wall and then luckily landed down inside your flying carriage. The soft foam was a blessing and cushioned my body from injury. I'm not hurt," Trux smiled and then yelled, pointing at the object. "Look at that! Look at the Birmingham Art and Science Center! The glass pyramid is falling down and breaking into numerous slabs of metal and glass, dropping down onto the parking lot, the sidewalks, the rows of vehicles, the interstate bridges and roadways. Whew! We're far enough away in the air from that mess, without getting injured. Wait! Lowell! Where is Lowell and Victoriana and Gemma and Bickman and Patsie and Levine? Me and you are safe. Where are they? O my stars! They were not inside the building, were they?"
Dickana laughed out loud and winked at Trux. "Silly boy! No! No! No! They are all back at home. I promise. They are all safe and sound. I promise. There was a sound, a fire alarm, and then everyone raced out from the building. You are a lucky man, Trux. I was the last person to search the building and save the others and leave the building in my new baby rocket balloon. The design reminds me of a balloon ride with the large buckle carriage."
He frowned. "You were the last to leave the building. When did everyone leave the building? I didn't hear the fire alarm,"
She frowned. "What were you doing inside that tunnel? How did you get down inside that tunnel?"
He smiled. "O that! Lowell, Victoriana, and I were strolling down the 8th floor level talking. Victoriana halted and touched something on the..."
She nodded. "Yes, if you had touched an exhibition stand, then a secret panel in the floor would open up and swallow the teens, for fun, of course."
"That was what happened. We dropped down and landed on top of a thick piece of soft foam without injury. Wait! Victoriana and I dropped down together from the eighth floor and landed down on the soft foam, but she was hurt. Where is Victoriana? Is she hurt? Is she in the hospital?"
Down on the city street in front of the damaged building, numerous emergency vehicles surveying the new mess. Numerous firefighters started dousing the fire flames. Other police officers scouted the parking lot that was not destroyed from the exploded building. Paramedics joined the hunt with the police officers for locating one alive person while scoping the damaged grounds.
In the air waves, inside the buckle carriage, Dickana laughed at Trux. "I can assure you that Victoriana does not need a hospital room, now or never. She is both fine and healthy. And she is with her set of loving family members also. They are all back home and happy. I promise you, Trux."
He reached out and held onto the sides of the carriage for safety, smiling at Dickana. "What about Gemma? She ran off and headed out looking for some of the artifacts."
She smirked. "Gemma found a few artifacts and is very happy with her true treasures."
He frowned. "Where is Gemma located right now? I didn't see people running on the ground."
She sneered. "I just explained. Everyone ran out the other side of building and went back home. They're all happy and fine. I'm happy and fine. Are you happy and fine, Trux?" Dickana was still belted onto the pilot stand staring at stupid Trux, hiding her evil secret.
The light breeze shoved the buckle carriage over the grassy park, when the engines started to dwindle from flying energy. The carriage slowly dropped down from the air waves and gently landed down on top of the carpet manicured grass, tilting to the side, rolling over the flat surface. The craft halted on its side among the blistering heated day and harsh sunlight in the month of June.
Trux slowly crawled ahead and moved over the soft grass, sitting down on the ground, pondering the terrible accident inside the Birmingham Art and Science Center. Dickana unbelted her two straps, slowly dropped down, crawling out from the side wall on the carriage, sitting beside Trux. Both of them could see part of the burning building.
He frowned. "I feel happy and alive. Wonder at the cause of the explosion was inside the Birmingham Art and Science Center?"
Dickana gasped in shock and stared at the burning building. "No explosions. Fire. One of the exhibition tables or one of the teens started a fire inside one of the exhibition tables."
"Naw! I heard a loud explosion. I couldn't pinpoint the location of the loud explosion. But I heard an explosion. What would have exploded inside the Center, Dickana?"
"O no!" She gasped in shock.
"What! What exploded inside the Center?"
She stared at the burning building. "Terrorists!"
"What!" He turned and frowned at her nose profile. "What did you say? What does that mean?"
She bit her lip and nodded her bone skull at the burning building. "Bickman, she had warned me against inviting all of the different teens from the foreign countries. I had invited some rough characters. One of the teens or the entire archive teen had brought with them a set of bombs. The Center didn't have bomb detection equipment. Yeah, bombs! A bomb went off inside the building. A set of bombs went off inside the building. I allowed the archive teens to roam the entire floor. That nasty group of teens planted bombs on each floor. That would be the logical way to take down a twenty-story tall building."
"You're correct, Dickana." Trux stood upright from the grass and nodded with a stern face, pointing at the burning building. "We need to do something. We need to go and tell someone like the police authorities about the group of terrorists. The terrorists have gotten away and are roaming around the streets of Birmingham, alone and armed. We need to go and race to the police station. We're located in downtown Birmingham. The police headquarters is here some place. I need to get my bearings. Then we can race to the police station." He turned and scanned the unfamiliar city streets, cupping his hands over his squirted eyeballs while searching for the road with the police station headquarters.
Dickana slowly stood upright from the grass and smiled at the burning building. "Bickman has already done that."
"What!" Trux turned and frowned down at her bald mound.
She nodded with a smile at the building. "Bickman is a good woman and a good security officer and a good archivist at the Birmingham Art and Science Center. She had warned me about the teen terrorist. She feared there might be an attack on USA soil and she was right. So, she has already raced out the collapsing building and contacted her military friends. Do you believe me, Trux? Do you believe that Bickman would do that?"
"Yes, I do believe you. Bickman did that. Now, I feel angry at the wastefulness of that fine art and science building here in the USA. I wanna go to the same contacts with Bickman and provide descriptions of the teens that..."
Dickana gasped in shock and then turned nodding to Trux. "Trux, you do not possess a working summertime job anymore. You are not working at the Center. You are only a teenager that is unemployed like me and the other archivists. Bickman, she did her job. Me, I did my job and saved you from the burning building. The Center is gone. Your job is gone. My job is gone too. Everything is gone, Trux. How many times do I need to repeat that?"
"O yeah!" He nodded with a sad face and exhaled with worry at the burning building. He was so worried about his new friends that Trux had forgotten his unemployment statue. He had planned to use all of his earned summertime monies for his college courses and activities. Now, Trux would try to find another summertime job, before the start of college in the fall. "You are correct."
She laughed out loud and stared at his tallness, "Of course, I am always correct."
"Well, I do feel happy and alive knowing that everyone else is happy and alive too and Bickman has reported the group of teen terrorists. I do hear but do not see all of the noisy commotion over there across the interstate bridges at the burnt down Birmingham Art and Science Center. Yeah, I am only a high student graduate with a high school degree that really knows nothing about the real world."
"You got that right, Trux!" She smiled.
He clapped his hands and nodded with a smile at Dickana. "Well, I don't have a summertime job. I guess I can go and find another one."
"And I will provide you a glowing recommendation. I still have your home address. I will type up and then print out a letter and mail to your home address, Trux. How is that?"
He smiled and nodded several times back to his former employer. "Wow! Thanks, Dickana! Your personal letter of recommendation will land me a good summertime job, instead of working at a fast food restaurant job. I plan to use all my extra monies to pay for an apartment, instead of living inside the college dormitory with the other teens."
She frowned. "I hate to burst your bubble here, Trux. A good summertime job will not provide enough monies for all of your college courses and college books and college supplies and a living apartment."
"I'm not worried about paying for my college courses and college books and college supplies. Bickman gave me a scholarship."
She gasped. "What!"
He nodded. "Bickman, she gave me an academic scholarship that pays for all of those items for the next ten years. I plan to attain a bachelor's, a master's and a doctoral degree with all of that scholarship money. It was a ton of monies. Bickman is a nice woman. I wished that I could say goodbye properly."
"That's a noble idea. But she cannot do that."
He smiled. "She did do that."
She frowned. "How did she do? When did she do that?"
He nodded. "Right after the rescue of Victoriana inside her mini-rocket ship, coming from the foreign city of Bergen, Bickman told me that I did a great job saving another human and then invited me back into her private office at the Center and filled out an academic scholarship on her computer laptop."
She shook her curls. "You didn't get the academic scholarship, Trux. I must approve each and every academic scholarship going through the Birmingham Art and Science Center. There is no academic scholarship."
"There is an academic scholarship," he reached down and ripped off more of the slime-painted walking shorts, exposing his own clothes, patting down each pocket that contained his personal items, including his wallet, his mobile telephone, and a wrinkled paper letter. He pulled out the letter and unfolded the page, reading with a smile, handing the letter down to Dickana.
She accepted the page and silently read in horror. "A military scholarship, Bickman gave you monies from the US military fund."
He smiled. "Yes, she has some type of secret US military fund from her US military friends. She filled out the application and submitted the electronic paperwork for me. Then a couple of hours later, I had received a ton of scholarship monies that pays for everything but the kitchen sink," Trux laughed.
She sneered with a whisper. "Bickman, good thing, you are dead. Else, you would be dead."
Dickana had found the American mole among her four dead senior staff archive teen members. Worse, she had found a tracer back to her evil deeds that had occurred inside the Birmingham Art and Science Center. As the only survival of the burning building, Dickana had a prepared speech of the archive teams from foreign governments, which were terrorists that bombed and then burned down the Center. The end!
However, Trux also had survived the exploding and burning Center building by the grace of mercy and the hand of God and he could really confuse the delicate situation with his innocent looks, his innocent acts, and his innocent statements against the prepared lie from head archivist Dickana.
Dickana needed to do something right now and neutral Trux. She looked up and smiled at Trux. "I just remembered that I don't have your mailing address on my body as your address was inside my mobile telephone, which burned down with the building. May I borrow this piece of paper, Trux? I will return your academic scholarship letter and your recommendation letter in the same envelope. Do you mind?"
He flipped his hand with a smile. "Naw! Go ahead and take my scholarship letter, Dickana! Bickman said that I would receive another letter with specific instructions six weeks from now in my mailbox. And thanks for the summer job recommendation also! Well, I guess I need to go and introduce myself to the police authorities. I need to give them as much..."
"No! No! No! You are not employed anymore with me or at the Birmingham Art and Science Center. The police law authorities only want to interview the real employees, like me. I know the behind the scenes information that the police authorities need, not a description of the Thor's Hammer artifact," she chuckled with her sick humor. "You can scoot along now from downtown Birmingham. And you will be receiving your first paycheck, on the first work day of next week, inside your personal bank account, including today. And I will include a nice one...two...four-thousand-dollar bonus to contribute to your new college apartment expenses. Sh! That's our little secret. How's that, Trux?" She winked with a smirk and planned to give Trux the salaries from the three dead teen archivists without pointing a finger back at her illegal accounting procedures. 
He smiled. "Wow! Grand! Thanks, Dickana! You're the bestest! I'll miss working with you and all of the other teens and the other real archive employees. Tell Bickman, Patsie, and Levine goodbye for me! "
She gasped in alarm. "Do you happen to live in the same neighbor and attend the same high school as Lowell, Victoriana, or Gemma?"
He shook his bone skull. "Naw! I live further away up north from the city limits and city lights. We didn't know each other, but it was nice to make and meet some new friends. I wished that I had their individual email address, so I can visit."
She smiled. "Well, I might have those email addresses, but aren't each one of you going to start college this summer? There still is time to enroll and start that first college course."
He frowned. "Naw! I'm starting college in the autumn. I don't have enough money to attend the summer sessions, but I wish I could. So, I can wait until the autumn session and start then."
She turned and stared at the approaching police authorities, who were slowly moving towards Dickana, Trux, and the strange aircraft on top of the grassy park. "Well, it's time for you to shove off from the park grass, Trux! I hope your personal automobile was not parked near the burning building," Dickana laughed.
He smiled. "Naw! My dad dropped me off here at the before burnt down Center building. That was a smart move. Else, my truck would be toast, too."
Dickana shoved Trux towards the room and waved her hand, hailing a taxi cab, stopping at the curb. "I will have the US Federal Government reimburse you for your toasted clothes also. Could you give me a monetary number for your personal possessions that were inside your bedroom chamber?"
"I don't know." He stopped and stared at the empty street. A cabbie saw the signal from Dickana and approached the two individuals, halting at the curb, rolling the glass window with a smile at Trux.
"I will make the US Federal Government check for five hundred dollars. That should cover your tall, teenly body, pretty good." Dickana reached out with laugher and opened the rear door, tapping Trux on the arm, "Get inside, Trux! I'll pay the taxi cab driver to take you back home. My treat! Enjoy your new teenly life at the college scene! I'll think about you offer but don't think about me ever," she laughed out loud. 
He smiled at Dickana. "Thanks, Dickana! You're a wonderful lady. I'll probably not see you again as I'll be really busy for the rest of the summer days. And you still don't have a job or an art and science center either.
"Don't worry about me! I can take care of my person. Bye, Trux!"
"Bye, Dickana!" He slid down into the rear car seat and continued to smile at the nicest woman in the world.
Dickana reached behind and lifted up her long shirt tail, pulling out and paid with a wad of cash to the taxi driver, who would take Trux back to his house. The taxi cab accepted the money and then slowly pulled away from the curb, heading towards the interstate roadway with a new fair. She spun around and slowly moved ahead, facing a huddle of FBI government and a gang of local police officers telling her lie, laughing out loud with amusement.
Chapter Six


Two days later...


Monday, June 11th


City of Kimberly within the US State of Alabama
    (22 miles, north, from Birmingham)
 
 
The city of Kimberly resides in Jefferson County, within the great State of Alabama, inside the United States of America.  The landmass stands 459 feet above sea elevation with the current people population at 3,101.  The city resides 300 miles north from the Gulf of Mexico ocean waters and twenty-two miles north from metro city Birmingham.


Highway 31 North
Farm house location
Gravel driveway

Sizzling heat with bright sunlight and no clouds or rain showers
11:01 am


A white tinted SUV sat on top of the gravel driveway in-between the four-door garage facade on the single story red-brick ranch-style house that exposed miles of red tinted unplowed dirt, rows of colorful vegetables and crop fields, rows of fruit trees, and tons of green tinted meadows that held goats, cows, horses, chickens, and pigs and an empty gray-tinted highway.
Four individuals stood in a semi-circle on top of the gravel and viewed the opposite party, consisting of two middle-aged people.
The first female was a seventeen years old alien girl named Risa hugging her body into her married husband, eighteen years old and Seventh Son alien male Garth. She wore an ankle-length sundress in pretty coral tone that complimented her pair of light green tinted eyeballs, her tone of golden colored skin, and her high ponytail of blonde colored hair strands, wearing a pair of platform shoes in matching coral tone on her naked feet with a set of lavender painted toenails and a matching set of hand fingernails and her four-carat diamond ring. She wore a pair of diamond earrings also without other body jewelry.
The first male was her husband and continued to talk and nod to the middle-aged couple, displaying a head of cropped blonde hair, a pair of green tinted eyes, and a tone of golden hue, wearing a white tinted, short-sleeved tee shirt, a pair of matching pale blue walking shorts, and a pair of tan colored flip-flops exposing his ten naked toe bones.
The second female beside Garth was named Cinta and displayed a tone of pink tinted skin and a pair of violet colored eyeballs cuddling with her married husband Beck, wearing an ankle-length sundress in pretty pink hue with a matching pair of fashion high-heeled sandals with a set of dark green hue on her ten toenails. She presented a pair of pearl earrings and as her long red tinted hair held a long curly ponytail.
The second male was named Beck and wore a white-tinted, linen suit jacket, a pair of tan colored walking shorts, a pair of tan colored flip-flops, and a white-tinted, short-sleeved tee shirt, displaying a bald head with no hair strands and a clean face without hair, a pair of eyelids without a pair of hairy eyelashes and a pair of makeup-drawn black tinted fake eyebrows.
Six months ago, every single hair strand had been sucked out from his biological body, including his nose holes and the private spots, that shall never not be named. The permanent body effect from a massive wave of energy coming out from the Great Pyramid in the country of Egypt, rolling across the skyline and then around the world had sucked out each one of his embedded hair follicles from his entire skin tissue while he was stuck inside his man-made tunnel underneath the brown tinted dirt soil.
Beck was a hairless god, like a hairless cat. The lack of hair follicles or the non-growth of any hair strands did not bother Beck. He was lucky male, who was alive and well, after his brilliant plan had been executed and rid the world of his nasty enemies, foreverly.
On the opposite side, the middle-aged male displayed a tall body frame with an athletic build, possessing a head of cropped light brown colored hair, a pair of brown colored eyes, and tone of dark colored skin. He wore a white-colored, short-sleeved tee shirt, a pair of torn and worn blue jeans, and a pair of worn not polished brown leather cowboy boots. He nodded with a smile. "Let me get this information straight inside my dizzy head. You come here and wanna all of our farmland with crops, cotton, and cows plus my farm house for ten million dollars. That's crazy, son. What is the catch here? Why do you wanna own a farm with cotton bales and cows?
Garth nodded with a smile. "All four of us desire to own farm land for..."
"No!" The middle-aged female displayed a tall, slender body frame possessing a head of short dark brown tinted hair, a pair of brown colored eyes, and tone of dark colored skin, wearing a white-colored, short-sleeved tee shirt, a pair of torn and worn blue jeans, and a pair of worn not polished brown leather cowgirl boots. "We will not sale our farm land. You...you are all young and rich corporate people that wanna buy up all the farmland from the hard-working farm people and build fancy big houses, concrete swimming pool, building with spas and fitness equipment for the rich people of the world. No! Our land is not for sale. Please enter your fancy car and leave our place. Thank you for your time!"
Risa released Garth, when Cinta released Beck. Risa lifted up both of her palms, shaking her ponytail, wearing a worried face with her three family members. "No ma'am. No ma'am! No! We are young people. Yes. But we are not part of any company or corporation. We are not even college graduates. We wanna buy farmland and live in the country, raising our future children in fresh air, dirty kneecaps, and fresh water, pretty skies."
The middle-aged female shook her curls and nodded to Risa. "These are some fancy words coming from a non-college girl. And I don't like fancy words or fancy clothes or fancy cars, dearie."
"No ma'am!" Garth shook his bone skull.
Cinta said. "No! We're truly a set of farmers. We are, ma'am." Both of the middle-aged people continued to shake their heads and worn a sour expression without talking or yelling at the four strangers.
Beck exhaled with frustration and stepped forward and then stepped away from the line of his friends, nodding his bone skull, wearing a stern face. "Ma'am and sir, we came from a farmland and a farm family," he reached up and wiped off one of his fake eyebrows. "We had lived in the rural countryside in the town of Apollo. Do you know the township of Apollo? The small rural township is located in southern Bama."
The male farmer gasped in shock and nodded several times with his farmer-wife. "Yeah! Yeah! I know the location of Apollo. The entire town and crop fields and farmland was..."
"...burned away like my pair of real eyebrows," he wiped off the other eyebrow and nodded to the farm couple. "The entire town including houses, farms, farmland, livestock, wildlife, trees, plants, and everything else that belonged to Mother Nature was destroyed, including God's children also. All of our parents did not make it. We survived with some minor altercations, if you please, and received sums of large amounts of money from the insurance company, sir and ma'am. So, we are not fibbing here. We would like to buy your farm and home. We want to start a new life and produce children raising them in the countryside, like we were raised as youngsters. Well, if you thought we had an interior motive, then we do. We wanna live back in the country, sir. That's our story and our secret, ma'am."
The farmer-wife hugged her husband and nodded with a sad face. "I'm so sorry, son. You don't seem like a farmer, who wants to get his hands and face dirty with dirt and sweat."
The farmer-husband nodded with a sad face. "I'm sorry too. That was an awful event that affected lots of folks, in a very bad way."
Beck nodded with a smile. "Thank you, sir and ma'am! That's alright! We are young persons and we like the newest gadgets. So, would you like to sell your farm to us? We are still interested. We would like to offer both of you ten million dollars for you farm."
The farmer wife gasped in shock. "What! How is that possible, young man?"
Beck nodded with a smile. "Like I mentioned before, we received a large sum of money and wanna live here and not there. We're interested in living here."
The farmer husband frowned. "I like your money offer, son. Ten million dollars is a lot of money. but I employ the local folks too. This farm is their livelihood. I don't want the local folks to be outta of paying job and can't pay their house mortgage and other daily expenses for life."
Beck turned and winked to Garth. Garth smiled back and then turned to face the farmer couple, slapping his chest with a smile. "And we are only four individuals. As a new set of young farmers, we can't do all the work ourselves here on miles of farmland, sir. We each had lived on a farm that had employed the local folks too. We will be honored to employ and help the local folks too. We understand the farming life well."
The farmer turned and nodded with a stern face at his wife, "Honey, this is our decision. You own the farmland too. What is your answer, dear?"
The farmer wife bounced up and down and nodded her brown tinted curls. "Yes! Yes! Yes! The two young couples wanna live here and start a farm here. Yes, we'll sell our farm to you and take your generous offer of ten million dollars." The farmer wife hugged her husband then both smiled and nodded to the two young couples.
"That's an excellent for my eardrums, sir and ma'am! We are all pleased as sweet peaches with your wise decision, and we plan to live right here in the farm town of Kimberly for generations and generations through our future children, of course." Beck extended his hand and nodded his bone skull to the farmer husband first. The farmer-husband shook his hand and then his wife shook his hand next and as they hugged with happiness and smiled at the four young farmers.
Garth smiled. "The next step, if you could follow us to the local bank. Beck is the money man for our quartet. He will escort you into his bank and transfer ten million dollars into your bank account ..."
"...today..." The farmer wife gasped in shock.
He laughed. "Actually, the transfer of monies occurs at midnight, so technically your bank account will have the ten million dollars, tomorrow morning, at midnight, if that’s okay with ya'll."
The farmer smiled. "Okay. That's great. The miracle of technology..."
"No sir!" Cinta shook her curls with a stern face at the middle-aged couple. "I must disagree, sir. Humans are the miracle from the Prime Creator. Technology is the genius of a...others..." She giggled with her other three family members holding the deep, dark secret that gangs of outer space aliens had provided the technology to the human race, several decades ago.
The farmer wife nodded with a smile. "Amen! The human race is protected by the Prime Creator. And I am grateful to him for my family and friends and farm and the entire planet," she giggled.
Cinta nodded with a smile. "We are too, ma'am."
The farmer nodded with a smile. "I possess the deed to the land, the mortgage notes on the house, the farm equipment, the payroll information, my tax forms..."
Beck nodded. "That's great sir! Our first visit will be to our lawyer. He can draw all of the legal papers and transfer your farm items to each one of us. Once you sign the papers and accept our purchase money, we can go to the local bank and complete the rest of the buying transaction."
The farmer smiled. "When do you wanna move into our house?"
Beck nodded. "Yes, I wanna make to you another offer. Where are you going to live next, after buying your house and farmland?"
He exhaled with puzzlement. "Well, we haven't thought that far in advance. But...but..."
"Dad! Mom!" A baritone voice from the front door called out to the middle-aged couple and as a young and tall body frame, with an athletic build, possessing a head of cropped light brown colored hair, a pair of brown colored eyes, and tone of dark-colored skin dashed away from the front porch, across the manicured yard, and stopped in-between his parents. He wore a white tinted, short-sleeved dirty tee shirt, a pair of dirty blue jeans, and a pair of brown tinted dirty cowboy boots and smiled with a nod. "Great news, Dad and Mom! I have received a full ten-year academic scholarship to Birmingham State University or Bam U. The Bam U campus ground houses a real live cougar as their university's mascot. A cougar is a true native lion down there within the US State of Alabama that resides around the town of Oppton too. The town of Oppton houses 5,000 people, which are mostly students and teachers and support personnel at the Birmingham State University and is located about two hours south of the largest town of Birmingham," he wiggled his phone near his smile. "I just got off my mobile telephone with Bam U admission office. I am supposed to come by the campus admission office and sign some papers today, if I can go.
Cinta hissed in fury and pointed her finger at the clouds. “It is all wrong to capture and hold a wildlife animal hostage for entertainments purposes, without the wildlife animal living and roaming around their natural home, which had been provided by the Prime Creator. The entire race of humans is both mean and unkind with all of God's creatures," she slapped her hand down onto her leg and frowned at the teen male.
The teen male turned and nodded with a stern face at Cinta. "Look! I agree with your wildlife cause down there on Planet Earth. But the Prime Creator gave man-kind and woman-kind rule over his planet. However, the live cougar, there at Bam U campus, is well-cared for and receives it daily nourishment of freshly dead baby animal meats by the campus staff."
Beck leaned over and hugged his wife Cinta, nodding to the teen male, who was the son of the middle-aged couple.  "Thank you for sharing that comforting information about the captured and held wildlife animal, young man and my wife Cinta. A cougar exhibits a tawny brown hide with a long tail similar to sweet forest deer skin hinds which are known as a false deer and referenced by the Tupi Indian word, susarana. A cougar is a devoted and dedicated mother raising their independent cubs to hunt, fight, and survive as a baby carnivore, who primarily eats the meats of porcupine, deer, skunk, badger, and rabbits." 
The farmer husband leaned over and hugged his son, pulling back with a smile. "I'll so proud of you, son."
Her mother hugged her son too and pulled back with a grin. "Congratulations, honey!"
His father grinned and punched his son in the rib cage. "Once you get down there, you can join the famous football team. You toss the football really well through the air and to the football receiver and you have played the football position quarterback throughout middle and high school. And Bam U had tragedy lost their talented quarterback Jake Gunter, last year, during the annual national championship game. That was so sad! That poor young man died on the football field in front of millions of people and no one could save him."
The teenage son told with a stern face. "Yeah, that football game was really sad. Burn U legally won the national championship game and title again. Well, I'll go and join the football game, for you, Dad. But, don't set your hopes to high for me playing in one active football game. I'm pretty good, not great, like some of the other athletics in college. I'll going to study electronics and computers and learn how to create robots and drones. I wanna become a drone engineer."
His mother nodded. "You learn and become a drone engineer, dear. And, if you wanna go and play football, then you decide that yourself. Do not let your dad influence your decision, honey!" She turned and frowned at her husband. He winked at his wife.
The teenage son turned with a smile and nodded to his dad. "Yes, ma'am! I will decide for myself and I have decided that I wanna join the football team, even if I sit on the bench or stand on the sidelines, the entire time of my college days, until I graduate with my doctoral degree in robot computers."
"That's my boy!" His dad hugged his son.
"That's my, son!" His mother hugged her son also. They turned and smiled at the four young people. "O! I'm so sorry. Please, I forget my bad manners here. This is our son Trux Chettle. He graduated high school in May and now Trux is starting college soon. Trux, this is Beck, Cinta, Risa, and Trux. They wanna buy our house and our farmland."
Trux gasped in shock and stared at the four individuals, who appeared like teenagers within his two eyeballs. "What!" 
His dad winked to Beck. "And we have sold our house and our farmland to these fine four young people."
"What!" Trux gasped in alarm again.
His mother winked at Risa. "Now, we all can move from Kimberly and live in the town of Oppton and attend all your football games and then you can come over and visit your parents, when you wanna a home-cooked meal. What do you think about that, Trux?"
He nodded with a smile. "Wow! Yeah, I'm stunned and happy and ready to move from Kimberly down to Oppton, but I wanna bring all of my pets and my stallion."
Beck smiled to Trux. "That's an excellent response, Trux. We're very pleased about purchasing your farm homestead. Mr. Chettle, I want to give you the name of my travel person. She will assist you with the moving van, the relocation route, and a relocation house, until you find your own new residential home in the town of Oppton."
Mr. Chettle frowned. "We cannot..."
Garth smiled. "We insist, sir. We would like to move and occupy your house as soon as possible, one day this week. And you can leave behind any pieces of furniture or clothing or items that you do not care to keep. We also have connections to a few local charities that take nicely used items."
Risa nodded with a stern face. "And if you happen to know of any stray or abandoned pets or livestock animal, then please tell us or write down the street and description of the animals. We have connections to numerous animal adoption agencies that help all types of wildlife, domestic, and livestock animals."
Mrs. Chettle nodded with a stern face. "Bless you, child! I know of some stray animals that live in town. I can provide all of the details."
"And I promise you, Mrs. Chettle, these stray animals will go to a nice, loving family home by tomorrow afternoon." Cinta smiled.
Mr. Chettle nodded to Garth. "We accept your travel person to handle all of our business affairs, since we need to go and sign Trux into Bam U." He slammed his son on the arm. "Trux, your mom and I are going into the town of Birmingham to sign lots of papers first. When we come back home, let's quickly inventory all our personal items that we wanna keep and call the travel person to finish the job, then we'll leave off for Oppton. I'll get the farm hands to take care of the livestock. How does that sound, Trux?"
Trux nodded with a smile. "That sounds ..." he gasped in shock. "... looks like a limousine." On the empty highway, a gray-tinted limousine slowed its speed and then turned into the private drive of the Chettle farm house, carefully steering ahead and stopped on the circular drive. The rear door opened and revealed a petite woman, possessing a tone of pale tinted skin, a bald skull, and a pair of hazel eyes, wearing a colorfully checkered short-sleeved, long tailed dress shirt, a pair of tan colored walking shorts, and a pair of matching tan colored open sandals. The pair of sandals displayed a set of unpolished toenails.
"Dickana!" Trux dashed ahead with a smile and waved both of his arms in the air, and then stopped in front of the woman, extending his hand.
Dickana greeted with a handshake and a smile, dropping her hand beside her leg, "Hello, Trux! I finally found your residential home. You live miles and miles from civilization," she turned with laughter and scanned the miles of hilly farmlands next. 
He nodded with a smile. "Yes, I do. Yes, you are here. Do you wanna tour of my home, Dickana?" The parents of Trux appeared and stood with a smile between their son, staring down at the short female. "Mom. Dad. This is Dickana Walbash. She had been my supervisor at the Birmingham Art and Science Center..."
"Welcome to our home, Miss Walbash!" Mrs. Chettle nodded with a stern face. "I am so sorry to hear about that beautiful Birmingham Art and Science Center. That was an awful day for you, our son Trux and the entire citizens of Birmingham."
Dickana faked a smile of lies. "Yes, it was."
Mr. Chettle nodded. "Nice to meet you, Miss Walbash. I had heard all of the details regarding that terrorist attack here in America, at the Birmingham Art and Science Center, where everyone was able to escape, and no one was harmed."
She continued to fake her smile and her lies. "Yes, it was."
Mrs. Chettle nodded. "Trux has been talking non-stop about that terrible and tragic day. But he was not harmed, and you flew him across ..."
  She continued to smile and presented a brown tinted package to Trux. "Yes, it was. Trux, I traveled out here to deliver a new package to you. The contents contain paperwork and certificates for a full academic scholarship to Birmingham State University for ten years or until you can attain your doctoral degree. The financial scholarship covers all your tuition, fees, books, meals, supplies, campus logo clothing plus an apartment home for you, for ten years also. I had a scholarship program too, before the Birmingham Art and Science Center implored, and then I combined Bickman's military scholarship fund monies with mine to cover your massive studies for the next ten years. That's a long, long time to be away from your home here in Kimberly. I hope that you're ready for this new challenge," she nodded.
Trux accepted the thick package and hugged the item into his chest, smiling down at Dickana. "Thank you! Thank you! Thank you! I talked with the admission officer from Bam U several minutes ago. She told me to come and sign the paperwork today and I can even start the on-going summer session tomorrow as the session started last week and some students were registering and enrolling late, and some academic classes were still open."
She nodded with the good news. The young, impressible, honest, eighteen years old, former junior archivist Trux Chettle would be leaving his farm hometown Kimberly for ten long years while eventually forgetting about his three-day action adventure at the Birmingham Art and Science Center, the senior archivists Bickman, Patsie, Levine, the three junior archivists Gemma, Lowell, and Victoriana, the Rus leader Kara Ingvar and her Rus teens and adults, and all of the visiting teen and mentor archivists coming from all of the other countries throughout the world. Because all of those named persons were cold-stone dead, buried down into the deep concrete hole on 19th Street, and living in heaven, except for junior archivist, seventeen years old Gemma Renwick, who was living in fire hell for murdering poor Victoriana in cold-blood.
The best thought of all, Trux would forget about Dickana Walbash for the rest of his living days. 
Dickana smiled with a nod to Trux. "That's sound great, Trux! I am so glad that you are ready for this challenge. Well, I will not..."
"Is a new Birmingham Art and Science Center going to be built back on top of the burnt site, Miss Walbash?" Mr. Chettle nodded to Dickana.
She said. "No!"
"If the Birmingham Art and Science Center is gone, then do you have current or future employment, Miss Walbash?" Mrs. Chettle said.
Dickana said. "No."
Trux gasped in shock. "I'm so sorry to hear all of that, Dickana. You were a wonderful supervisor," he turned and nodded to each parent with a smile, "She was a wonderful supervisor, Mom and Dad," he returned back and nodded to Dickana. "So, what are you going to do next, Dickana?"
She exhaled with sadness. "Well, my brother just died of cancer."
"I'm so sorry, Dickana!" Trux nodded.
"My empathy, Miss Walbash!" Mrs. Chettle nodded.
"My sympathies, Miss Walbash." Mr. Chettle nodded.
"Thank you!" Dickana exhaled with true sadness for her brother. "My brother, my only sibling had been sick for a long time with all of his terrible cancer radiation chemotherapy treatments that did not save his life. I cut off all my hair strands for my sick brother. Now, I must leave and arrange the funeral services. I will think about my future, after that."
Mrs. Chettle released her son and waved her hands, nodding with a stern face to Dickana. "Please go! We don't mean to hold your business here in Kimberly. God bless you, Miss Walbash."
Mr. Chettle nodded with a stern face. "Have a good trip, Miss Walbash!"
Dickana nodded with a stern face. "Thank you! Good luck and good bye, Trux! Nice to meet you never again, Mr. and Mrs. Chettle," she slid down into the rear compartment seat with a smirk of her deep, dark secrets. Trux closed the limousine door and then back stepped from the running automobile, standing with his parents, without seeing Dickana through the dark-tinted rear window. The chauffeur slowly steered ahead exiting off the private driveway, driving down an empty highway on a heated blistering summer day. 
In front of the farmhouse six-door garage building and behind their white tinted SUV transport, Beck, Cinta, Risa, Garth stood in a huddle and watched the commotion on the driveway while whispering to each other.
In front of the driveway, Mr. and Mrs. Chettle with their son Trux, each one slowly spun around from the highway and the traveling limousine while pondering the sadness for Dickana Walbash, then approached the four young people, and finally stopped in front of the huddle. Mr. Chettle nodded with a smile.
Beck smiled. "We have finished our business here with you, today, Mr. Chettle."
Mr. Chettle grinned. "Please, call me, Tran! We need to change outta of our dirty clothes, before heading to the bank."
He said. "Can we scout around the farmland while you ready your persons, Tran?"
Tran nodded. "Yeah, go ahead! Please, excuse us. Once we're all cleaned up, we'll head out to the city of Birmingham to your lawyer's office," he nodded and then spun around with his other two family members. The Chettle family moved ahead with smiles and bumped into each with chuckles while heading back towards the front porch, carrying the good news. They disappeared into the house.
In front of white tinted SUV vehicle, Cinta did not move from the huddle but turned with a sour frown to see her husband Beck and his pair of missing eyebrows on his clean-shaven face and bald head, "Beck, the average price of an old and ancient residential house here in the tiniest cow town in the world is 170,000 dollars. Why did you give that teen and his parents ten million dollars in cash monies?"
Beck winked with a smile and loved her fire and passion as a unique creature. "Because, my dearest, prettiest, but stubborn alien-goddess wife, money is no object here on Planet Earth, only love and kindness. Let's go and walk around our new farm. I wanna talk to the animals." He cuddled Cinta and slowly scooted away from the rear bumper on his car, slowly pacing ahead with a smile, whispering sweet words to his wife, scanning the new landscape.
Risa did not move and continued to stand behind the white-tinted SUV on top of gravel driveway in silence, watching the gray-tinted limousine. The transport swiftly steered over the lonely highway that did not exhibit another moving vehicle.
Garth cuddled and smiled at her nose profile, sensing her worries, "What's wrong, Risa? Did Beck pay too much for the farmland?"
"No."
He frowned. "Then, what's wrong, darling?"
She didn't point her finger as that action was a rude behavior for a lady. She whipped her chin at the fast-moving limousine. "That woman inside the limousine! There's something different about that woman."
He smiled. "She is a human, not an alien or a goddess. Does that answer your puzzled question?'
She exhaled with worry and shoved Garth, spinning them around, viewing their new home. "The place reminds me of our home town in Apollo. Can't we go back home to Apollo? I miss my farm and my animals and my hometown."
He continued to stare at Risa and shook his bone skull. "No! That's not a wise decision ever. There could be some lingering nasty bands of aliens and gods and goddesses that do know of the destroyed Apollo township and might be looking for a set of four outlaws. And the landmass was prettily roasted and then toasted during the Second Civil War Between the Gods and Aliens. The land, soil, trees, plants, wildlife, animals need to heal, and Mother Nature is doing that. Do not mess with Mother Nature, dear!" He chuckled with his wife Risa. "So, we couldn't plant any crops or grown any food or raise any foals or calves there in Apollo yet."
She pointed around the new landscape. "What about this place?"
He said. "Well, we talked about this part. We have been visiting all the tiny towns, smaller cities, and the rural communities for past six months now. And we have helped millions and millions of good people, who will pass along their love and kindness and mercy and peace and harmony to other good people, who will do the same and help other less fortune peoples. I do believe that we have earned the right to live in one place. What do you think, sweetheart?"
She nodded with a smile. "I think the same way, Garth."
He scooted sideways from their white SUV vehicle and stared to move ahead over the gravel, pointing at the landscape. "Let me tell you about our new home here in Kimberly, Alabama. There is 5.92 square mile of land and zero square miles..."
Risa gasped in shock and pulled away from her husband Garth, spinning around from the farmland, using her pair of alien eyeballs, searching for the gray-tinted limousine on the highway among the rolling hills of shade trees and flat crop lands within the pale blue skyline.
He spun around also and stared at the empty roadway running in front of the farm house. "What's wrong, Risa?"
"I can't find it. I don't see it."
"What can't you find? What don't you see?"
"I don't see the limousine or that woman on the long gray-tinted highway."
"The limousine was taking that woman back to the local airport. I could hear her vocal words from the car door on the limousine to that college teen. She was going back home burying her brother, who died of cancer, after giving that kid a college scholarship for ten years, paying for his doctoral degree. What's the problem, Risa? What is wrong? Did that woman spook you or something?"
She shook her blonde-haired curls and frowned at an empty highway. "That woman was not going back to the local airport. She was taking some type of rocket ship and leaving the local area, maybe, the State of Alabama. Yes, she possessed a rocket ship and could pilot a rocket ship."
He gasped in shock. "Is that woman an alien or a goddess?"
She continued to shake her curls and frowned at the empty highway. "No, she is a human, not an alien or a goddess. But she possesses advanced rocket ship technology and is not traveling back home. Her home is here in Alabama. She's traveling to another US city inside her rocket ship."
"Well, she worked for the Birmingham Art and Science Center, it was a funded by US Federal Government monies. So, she is employed as a U.S. Federal Government employee. We all know that lots of aliens had been employed by the U.S. Federal Government, before we had eliminated the nasty ones. Maybe, one of the good aliens had. Right now, there are lots of nice and friendly and helpful outer space aliens that wanna help man-kind, woman-kind, and animal-kind make the planet clean and healthy again."
She frowned and continued to view the highway within the heated sunlight. "Well, I do not believe that she works with a nice alien or a nice human. But it doesn't really matter anyways."
He gasped in alarm. "What! Yes, it does matter. Maybe, me and you need to trace her down and inquire about her non-nice work with a non-nice human."
She smiled. "No! We don't need to bother with more evil people, this time, darling. We have a new home for the four of us and we wanna stay put for years, decades, and centuries, until our old age." 
He laughed, "Actually, we don't age, but grow nicer. Why do we not need to bother with that U.S. Federal Government employee?"
She exhaled with sorrow. "Because, it's too late and a sad case now," Risa smiled. "But we have a new permanent residence after wandering for six months ago. Let's go and explore our new world, darling!"
He smiled and spun them around, slowing walking over the gravel driveway, moving into the smooth grass. "Let me begin again. The city of Kimberly stands 459 feet above sea elevation with the current people population of 3,101; a cow population of 648; a horse population of 202; a canine population of 59; feline population of 47 and un-counted wildlife creatures." Risa laughed. He smiled. "The landmass is 5.94 square miles of land and zero amount of fresh water, not counting the underground fresh water springs that you can't see with the human eyeballs. That means, there are no open ponds or lakes or rivers. But I propose that we create a large natural lake a few miles from our new farmland, where we can water the cows and horses and swim around naked. What do you think, my alien princess?"
She giggled. "Yeah..."
"The rural township of Kimberly was surrounded a stagecoach station hub that tarried travelers between the growing towns of Huntsville and Birmingham, in the year 1830.The service ended in the year 1865. In the year 1888, the post office moved out from the Kimberly to another growing town. In the year 1910, 900 people lived in the town of Kimberly as crop farmers and coal miners. Coal minerals still live within this huge mountain ranges for the taking, if you do the getting. Throughout the years, the town grew up and then downsized the people, closing the coal mines, shuffling people back down into the growing town of Birmingham. The biggest attraction for purchasing numerous farms and the adjoining farmland around here comes from Beck. He found out that, in the year 1989, the Kimberly City Hall burned down to the ground along with all the city records, the names of the native residents, and the Kimberly history books. Thus, we can safely live and thrive here as one of the missing, but present." He laughed with Risa. "Based on the latest census, here in Kimberly, the average family size is 3.11 people. I think we should raise that number significantly for our new town. What do you think, Risa?"
She giggled. "Yeah..."
"Based on the current census information from the U.S. Federal Government, for every 100 females, there is 94 males. I think we should raise that number significantly for our new town of Kimberly, too."
She stopped and gasped in alarm. "How many alien children do you want from me, Garth?"
He chuckled. "A baker's dozen..." Then she leaned over and kissed his face with her eternal love.
Chapter Seven



54 minutes, 20 seconds, 13 milliseconds later...

12:31 pm
Washington DC. USA

White House location
Rose Garden setting
Sizzling heat with bright sunlight and parted clouds


A silver-tinted mini-rocket ship appeared in the pale blue sky and then landed in the center of the blooming roses on top of the manicured lawn at the White House, the official home of the USA President. Walbash was painted in a green-colored slime suit and dropped down, disappearing from the dome-shaped pilot cockpit. A metal door flopped down over the short grass with a ping and a cloud of white steam drifted up in the air with a hiss.
A naked face and a green tinted body crawled out on two palms and two kneecaps from the open bottom on the rocket ship. Dickana stood upright from the grass and wore a smile, slowly jogging toward an open archway.
The President of the United States stood in the archway with a smile and displayed a tall body frame, a tone of pale skin, a pair of eyeglasses, and a head of gray tinted cropped hair, wearing a dark blue business suit extending his arm at the row of flowers. “Look at my beauty roses! You were correct as always, Dickana. The roses grow and bloom like a newborn baby. Welcome back to my office, Dickana! Come inside my office!”
The green slime suit evaporated from both her body and her clothing. The green tinted ashes dissolved in the air while harmlessly floating up toward the clouds. Walbash wore both her undamaged body parts and her same clothing attire: a colorful checkered short sleeved shirt, a pair of tan walking shorts, and a pair of tan sandals. She nodded to the president. “Thank you, sir!” She entered the side door on the Oval Office first and then stopped, spinning around, sitting down on one of the two matching sofas in red and blue vertical strips.
He spun around from the rose garden, slowly moved ahead with a stern, then stopped, sitting down on the opposite twin sofa from Dickana. “I am sorry, Dickana. I heard about your brother's death from cancer.”
She nodded. “Thank you, again, sir. He passed on Saturday night. I was there at his home with him. I had his dead body cremated with his wishes. We only had each other, sir.”
He nodded with a smile. “I, also, read your electronic detailed report about finding, capturing, and killing the next Villainous of the Villains, who was really a seventeen-year-old, American teenage female, who's genetic trait had been recorded and then traced all the way back to the first vilest, vicious villain in the world. Disciple Judas Iscariot had betrayed the nicest, sweetest, and kindest individual in the world, Jesus. Congratulations, Dickana!"
"Thank you, sir!" She smiled.
He exhaled with frustration. "Your proposed plot within a sub-plot worked perfectly. I like the outcome, but I do not like the method, Dickana. The Birmingham Art and Science Center has been completed destroyed down into a crater hole in downtown Birmingham. I have a massive team of work crews out there cleaning up that mess, right after your call of survival. I feel terrible that some many lives were lost, including most of your archive staff members and those three young teenagers."
She nodded. "Yes, sir! I feel the same way. But the stacked and arranged dominions fell, where they may. I had placed my archive staff members in a safe spot, but those vile, evil Rus warriors found, isolated, and then killed each one. I wished that I have provided an armed weapon to each one of my archive staff members that would have helped, maybe."
He frowned. "And each biological parent of the three killed archive teens were there also. I didn't understand."
She nodded. "I was hosting the annual Archive Ball for all the archive masters and mistresses around the world. I had advertised the contents on the electronic web site for months, but not the personal invitation to the world nations. No one enters the USA without an invitation, isn't that right, Mr. President?" She smiled. "The parents of the three archive teens just showed up and joined the Archive Ball for fun and then became a terminal dead victim by one of hidden and unidentified Rus warriors. Once I found each one of their dead bodies, I was left with no choice but to eliminate the Rus warriors and all of the innocent American bodies inside the Birmingham Art and Science Center."
He nodded. "You made the correct decision and provided the greatest excuse, a terrorist attack on American soil. Now, there are so many law enforcement and security enforcement officers running around the USA while crisscrossing each other's pathway for non-existence clues that no one will ever uncover and find out the true truth," he laughed with Dickana and then stopped, wearing a stern face. "The fourth archive teen, how in the universe did he survive the implosion of the Center down into the Bama red clay soil?"
She smiled. "His name is Trux. He lives way out in the countryside. I am talking about corn, cows, and cotton countryside. Trux was outside the Birmingham Art and Science building waiting for the arrival of his parents from the countryside. His parents were running late for the ball. When the building started to explode with loud noise and pretty fireworks, he dashed away from the structure and started his truck, driving all the way back home," she laughed with the president.
He nodded. "Where did you get at flying mini-balloon for your final escape from the doomed building?"
She chuckled with a wink. "The same place I acquire all of my other toys, the USA military?"
He exhaled with annoyance and a sour frown. "I have thousands of telephones into the State Department about a missing archivist team and their archivist mentor coming from all over the world."
She smiled. "And I have no knowledge, no evidence, no log books, no digital photographs of one single archivist coming to the Birmingham Art and Science Center, sir. Unfortunately, everyone, that was there at the Center, is dead, buried in dirt, and gone up to heaven."
He frowned. "I have given away massive amount of U.S. Federal Government monies to the next of kin for your brave and bold and dead archive staff members, under the order of secrecy, the command of patriotism, and the guise of terrorism. I hope a she-ghost, or a he-ghost does not come back and bite me or you in the buttocks."
She nodded with a smirk. "I can assure you that the only surviving archive staff member is handled also, sir. Trux is eighteen years old and a high school graduate from a simple cow town. I have provided him enough U.S. Federal Government monies for a nice college education far away from the city of Birmingham, me and you, Mr. President. He will not become a problem, ever."
"Maybe, we should go and buy the farmland with corn, cows, and cotton bales from his biological parents and then they will not become a problem, either," he smiled.
"You rule the free world, sir!" She laughed with the president.
He laughed with a nod and then smiled. "I do, at that! What is your next plan, Dickana? Do you want me to assign you to a new Art and Science Center? Pick any city! When are you coming back to work?"
She exhaled with exhaustion and reflected on the past three days, staring through the president and at the far wall of beige paint.
 On June, the sixth, a room of local candidates interviewed for four fake junior archive positions, where four inexperienced high school graduate teenagers won each working job, commencing work that next hour. Dickana knew one of the four American teenagers was the Villainous of the Villains and had to test each one, determine which one, and then murder the evilest teen on the planet, sending the soul down into hell fire.
Three of the teens had easily exhibited numerous villainous villain characteristics, including boldness, bravery, conniving, back-stabbing, gossiping, leadership, fibbing, cheating, stealing, harming others and murderous intention towards each human on the planet. However, the fourth teen had displayed an honest, trust-worthy, fun-loving, happy country cowboy personality that only hunted wildlife animals for fun and food.
Dickana had spend every waking hour spying on each junior archivist trying to determine the Villainous of the Villain, each senior archivist while uncovering two working spies among her paid staff, and programming her fleet of robots that quickly created a dangerous and deadly environment for her person and each junior archivist, in which, each junior archivist passed, without failure or a death act.
On the day of the Archive Ball, that had been planned last year as a traditional annual event among all of the archivists throughout the world, Dickana had not uncovered the Villainous of the Villain, but had planned a super fun surprise for her dearest enemy Kara Ingvar and her secret Rus army that consisted of trained teen and adult warriors and each member of her junior and senior archive staff member, who dared to arrive by invitation, of course, inside the Birmingham Art and Science Center.
Her death mission was a failure so far, and it was not finished yet.
Dickana had planned a final finale and her fast escape leaving behind no evidence, no bodies, and no new Villainous of the Villains teen leader. And her brilliant plan had worked and destroyed everything and everyone in her footpath.
Now, the output from her three days of intense spying activities and the success of her brilliant plan has left Dickana extremely tired, which was affecting her physically, mentally and emotionally. Her body ached and pained in minor and major places, without a broken bone, from crawling around through all of the horizontal and vertical and diagonal the spy tunnels throughout the Birmingham Art and Science Center and also riding all of in various man-made machines for her body safety from the vile actions of Rus leader Kara Ingvar and her nasty team of Rus warriors.
Dickana was not a youthful teen or a young adult, hovering in her mid-thirties. So, she was physically exhausted and had lost weight feeling a little nausea, constipated weak while needing a long vacation with a peaceful and quiet environment to perform numerous hours of lazy slumber from her successful assignment and the recent death of her biological brother to recharge her energy, mind, and soul. That was her next plan.
Inside the Oval Office, on top of the sofa cushion, smiling at the President of the United States, Dickana nodded. "I really appreciate all of your personal support, the array of fun military toys, and the opportunity to serve my country, sir. But, now, I am going to retire from the US Federal Government and enjoy some leisure activities at an undisclosed location for some unlimited time period, without an annoying communication devise, such like, a mobile telephone, a computer laptop, a rocket ship, a talking robot, sir. When I feel refreshed and recharged, I will come back through the front door, Mr. President."
He laughed with a nod. "I heard that right! And I didn't wanna say it, but you look beat..."
"...beaten, beaten down, but not defeated, sir." She smirked.
"I heard that right, too, Dickana. Take all the time you need for your rest and recovery from a huge task." He handed her a large thick, white tinted envelope with a wink. She accepted and hugged the package nodding to the president. He pointed at the package. "That thick package should aid in your recharge and recovery, without every using a bank card, a credit card or a bank account. I thought you would say that, after completing your dangerous and vitally important mission for the United States of America. So, I have already wiped your identity from the US Federal Government database. No one will or could or can find you for any reason, until you are ready to come back into the real world." He stood upright from the sofa and extended his hand. She shook and then released his hand, cradling the package with a smile. He nodded. "I have a black tinted limousine without decoration waiting for you. Tell the driver where you wanna go and she will drop you off without questions and then disappear into the night," he chuckled.
She smiled. "The time is two in the afternoon which is daylight, sir."
The president nodded with a smile and then exhaled with annoyance. "Time for me to go, also! I have a meeting with the senior congressmen and women and have acquired a headache already," he touched his temple with a sour frown.
Dickana moved ahead from the sofa and the president towards the entrance door into the Oval Office with a smile, exiting the office, pacing down an unfamiliar hallway that she had never seen. She always arrived in the famous Rose Garden by foot, by horse, or by machine to visit the President of the United States for many decades, since she was sixteen years old with her genius mind, on a new spy assignment for the United States of America.
Inside the White House floor, Dickana finally reached the lobby room and exited down the steps towards a black tinted limousine. The female driver stood and opened the rear door for Dickana while nodding in silence with a smile. Dickana stopped and whispered her new destination to the driver, sliding down inside the black tinted leather bench seat, sitting in the middle of the cushion and pondered nothing. She stared at the closed panel which blocked her face from the chauffeur driver and then closed both of her two eyelashes, rubbing her sweaty forehead and bald head from the heated afternoon, feeling her pain. The cool air condition felt good on her sweaty body.
The limousine slowly left the White House location and steered towards the interstate roadway.
The quiet atmosphere was nicely pleasant slowly drifting into her two eardrums, not hearing the whines of Levine, the threats of Bickman, the complains of Patsie, and the annoying voices from each teenage, who were all dead and buried down in the red clay soil in the great State of Alabama.
However, teenager Trux Chettle exhibited a nice, sweet, friendly personality with all others along with his set of sweet parents. Dickana hoped that Mr. President did not decide to intimidate the Chettle family unit in the tiny cow town of Kimberly. Some of the local residents do not like the U.S. Federal Government and damn sure do not like interference from the U.S. Federal Government for any reason. And, yesterday, at the Chettle farm, Dickana had taken immediate note of the four young individuals behind a new white tinted SUV vehicle that stood out of place among the land of field crops and weather-beaten famers. After all, she was a spy for the US Federal Government.
Dickana believed the community Kimberly farmers would fight back against the President of the United States of America and his USA army soldiers, which could open the true facts of the false terrorist attack in the city of Birmingham and maybe bring forth a second Civil War here, in America, between American citizens.
Inside the slow-riding and swift rolling limousine, on top of the leather seat, Dickana continued to ponder nothing, slowly breathing, calming her sweaty body in peace and silence.
A few minutes later, a classical musical tune played out loud and broke the silence inside the rear seat. Dickana gasped in alarm and opened both of her eyelashes, slapping her clothing, searching for the mobile telephone. She whipped out the phone and laughed out loud, swishing the screen. "I forgot. I either destroyed all the US military experimental toys or left them with the president on top of the Rose Garden, but my borrowed mobile telephone. I am becoming fatigued and forgetful in my old age of thirty-five years old." She swished the screen and slapped the phone into her eardrum with a smile. "Hello..."
She paused and listened to the male voice at the other end of the connection. 
"Thanks for calling me, Dr. Dearth! I wanted to thank you for all the great long-term medical care for my sick brother. He passed away on Saturday morning. I am his only living relative and cremated his body on Sunday afternoon."
Then she paused and listened to the male medical physician on the other end of the connection.
Dickana said on the phone. "Yes, I am feeling extremely fatigue, but I have just completed a mi… messy work job assignment."
Then she paused and listened to the male medical physician on the other end of the connection.
Dickana said. "Yes, I am feeling significantly lighter and I have lost body poundage in weight, but I do skip all of the important meals."
Then she paused and listened to the male medical physician on the other end of the connection.
Dickana said. "Yes, I am feeling both nausea and constipated due to my intense work job. Can you recommend a laxative over your mobile telephone?" she chuckled with amusement.
Then she paused and listened to the male medical physician on the other end of the connection. 
Dickana said. "Yes, I provided a tiny tube of my red tinted blood proteins to the US Federal Government health department, right after my incident at the Birmingham Art and Science Center for any clinical analysis as part of my working job."
Then she paused and listened to the male medical physician on the other end of the connection. 
Dickana gasped in shock and yelled out loud in panic. "What! What! What! Repeat all of that again!"
Then she paused and listened to the male medical physician on the other end of the connection.
Dickana gasped in alarm and shouted out loud his statement in fear. "I have stage four cancer inside my damaged liver, which cannot become healed from pills, medicines, chemotherapy radiation treatments or holy prays. This accounts for my extremely fatigue, weight lost, nausea symptoms, and constipation. All the vigorous growing cancer cells are killing my body, just like my brother, but faster than a rocket launch. But...But..."
Then she paused and listened to the male medical physician on the other end of the connection.
Dickana gasped in horror. "I have two months or sixty days of life left here on Planet Earth. But...but..."
Then she paused and listened to the male medical physician on the other end of the connection.
Dickana whispered with a sad face. "I am going through the last stage of my life force as my death day become closer and then I will enter the pearly gates of heaven." Then she paused and heard the disconnection from the medical physician on the other end of the phone. Dickana dropped the phone down into her lap and stared at the closed panel, whispering for her eardrums only. "Good bye..."





THE END
