Be Careful What You Witch For
by Tom Hoobler


copyright 2009 by Thomas Hoobler
Smashwords Edition

Dear Reader:
This ebook is licensed for your personal enjoyment only. This ebook may not be re-sold or given away to other people If you would like to share this book with another person, please purchase an additional copy for each person you share it with. I have put a low price on it because I want anyone to be able to afford it. Thank you for respecting the hard work of the author.

The sound of a match striking broke the silence in the darkened room. Its little flame dimly illuminated the faces of three women who sat around a circular rosewood table. The woman holding the match moved it to the wicks of two black candles on the table. As they took the fire from the match, the room brightened. The woman shook the match and placed its stub in a small white saucer with the pattern of a five-pointed star emblazoned on it. Then she placed her wrinkled hands flat on the table.
"Have you brought something she has sent to you?" she asked.
The woman across from her, whose face was still strikingly beautiful even though she had reached middle age, held out a folded card with a cartoon character printed on it.
The older woman looked at it and raised her eyebrows. "A birthday card?" she asked.
The second woman shrugged. "They don't write letters today. They email. The only things she sends me are cards, and I'm fortunate to get those."
"It will have to do," the first woman said. She unfolded the card and placed it on the table, pressing it down so that it stayed flat. Then she brought out a deck of cards and handed it to the third woman, who sat at a right angle to the others. Without speaking, that woman, whose skin and eyes were dark brown, began to shuffle the pack, murmuring some words too quietly for anyone else to hear. Finally, she smoothed the sides of the deck and placed it face down on the greeting card.
The three women paused for a moment, appealing inwardly to the spirits that they had called into the room. Then the first woman slipped the top card off the deck and turned it over. "The Popess," she said in a grim voice. "Her spirit is often at war with itself."
"She's a teenager," the second woman added, as if that explained everything.
Another card was exposed. "Strength," said the first woman as she saw its face. "Power, as we know, that can be used for good or evil, joy or sadness, creation or destruction."
She waited for a moment and then turned over a third card. The black woman grunted when she saw it. "The Three of Cups," said the first woman. "A very ambivalent card. It can mean great happiness, arising from a project that was conceived out of love. Or it may mean disaster brought on by an indulgence in the senses."
The second woman took a deep breath. "I guess I have my work cut out for me."
After a moment, the first woman told her, "She could be one of us, you know."
The second woman nodded. "That is what worries me most."
Chapter One
Olivia was glad she was sitting on the right side of the plane because when it banked to descend for landing, she could see the buildings of the city spread out below. She had been to New York before, but only remembered the way it looked from the streets, with the tall, dark buildings hovering above her like monsters. This time, from the sky, it reminded her more of a fairytale land, with its spires of all shapes reaching into the sky like dragons' claws. She wondered what it would be like to live on the highest floor of one of those buildings and stand by the window as day blended into night, watching the lights all over the city turning on like a blanket of stars.
She wouldn't be doing that on this trip, because Aunt Tilda lived in a five-story brownstone, which was a kind of house somewhere in Greenwich Village. Village sounded like an odd name for a place nestled among those tall buildings, and she imagined Tilda's house must be like a cottage in the midst of a vast forest of stone and glass. Someplace where a girl would go to hide from wolves.
Olivia barely remembered her aunt from the previous trip, which had been five years earlier, when Olivia was only nine. She and her mother hadn't been able to stay at her aunt's house, of course, because the photographers would have camped outside and swarmed them every time Olivia's mother appeared. But they did have dinner with Tilda at one of the fancy restaurants where the limo could come right up to the door so mother could duck in and out.
The only memory Olivia had of Aunt Tilda was that she was somehow even prettier than Olivia's mother. That was impossible, of course, first because Tilda was the older sister, and second because...well, because Mother was one of the world's biggest movie stars and pretty much worked all the time at being beautiful. Olivia knew, but wasn't allowed to tell, just how many cosmetic surgeries mother had had, and also how many hours a day she spent in the gym, and even how long it took her to make herself up just to go out in the daytime. At night, of course, mother had two makeup artists come to the house to get her in shape to appear at parties or awards ceremonies.
The plane banked in the other direction, causing a shift in the light, and for a moment Olivia saw only her reflection in the window. She quickly turned away, not wanting to be reminded how ordinary her own looks were. Once, she had overheard one of mother's friends sum up the sad truth: "You'd think she was adopted."
What made it worse was that mother was always dragging Olivia along with her when she traveled to places. It was, Olivia knew, a reaction to the accusation Olivia's father had made during their second divorce: that his soon-to-be (for the second time) ex-wife had neglected their only child, poor little Olivia. Mom then had to prove how devoted she was by taking Olivia everywhere, sort of like Paris Hilton's dog.
But that just meant there were countless millions of photographs showing Olivia with her mother--on the covers of magazines, on TV celebrity shows, all over the Internet. And every time Olivia saw one, she knew that people were looking at it and saying, "Who's that potato-faced kid with Bedelia Yearwood?" And when they learned that it was her daughter, the best response Olivia could imagine was "Poor kid."
She shook her head and looked down at her boarding pass, which she had tucked into a book. Under "passenger name" it read OLIVIA BETTENDORFER. Mom's real last name, and the one Aunt Tilda still used. The name Olivia would use while she was in New York. Of course there were people who knew it, but it would lessen the chances of anybody recognizing her. Secretly, Olivia was looking forward to becoming somebody--anybody--other than Bedelia Yearwood's daughter.
She was getting the chance because a minor miracle had happened. Some producer had thought it was a good idea to make another movie starring her parents. Both of them. They were going to Egypt to shoot on location, and to encourage the idea that the movie would bring back together the world's most famous lovers ("since Antony and Cleopatra" as the press release said), the producer had suggested Olivia be...out of the picture. Not just the movie, but Egypt as well. She spoiled the romantic image.
They all had a meeting in a lawyer's office. Olivia wondered if her parents had to pass through a metal detector before entering the building so they wouldn't kill each other. Anyway, the lawyer had broken it to Olivia gently, and after seeing her parents' anxious faces, she caught on. They actually thought she minded. Apparently everyone had forgotten that the last time her parents had been in close proximity to each other, large quantities of drugs and alcohol had been consumed, a shotgun had been fired, a kitchen knife had been thrown, and most of the Beverly Hills police force had to come to the house to prevent bloodshed. For most of that evening, Olivia had been hiding in the pool house, where she had locked the door and wondered how much trouble she would be in if she dialed 911 on her cell. (Fortunately, one of the chauffeurs had done it.) The last thing she wanted was to be anywhere nearby if Bedelia and Dirk Yearwood got back together.
Now, it was clear, her parents were ready to offer her a large bribe if she would agree to enjoy a life of peace and sanity, at least until the picture was finished. Her first reaction was to think it was too bad she wasn't 16, so she could demand a car of her own. The lawyer had found a boarding school in Switzerland, where apparently everyone spent all their time skiing, and so they thought Olivia would be happy there.
Instead, she had said, "I'd rather go to New York."
They were surprised. So was she, actually. It just popped into her head, maybe because last night she'd been watching Letterman. 
"They don't ski in New York," her mother had responded. "And you're too young to stay by yourself."
"I could stay with Aunt Tilda," Olivia pointed out.
An odd look came over her mother's face. "Tilda? You only met her once. You have no idea--"
"She sends me birthday presents," Olivia said. She hadn't told her mother that she herself had sent Tilda birthday cards, just to suck up to her. "And doesn't she have a whole house? And no kids of her own?"
Her father cleared his throat. It was his way of announcing he was going to speak. He even did it in the movies. "You'd have to go to school there," he said. She could tell he meant it as a warning, like it was a real school.
"Well, sure," said Olivia. "I mean, I go to school here." There were only twelve kids in her school, and all of them had famous parents in the movie industry, but still...it was a school. Sort of.
"No skiing," her mother reminded her again.
Trade skiing for a year of normal life in New York? Olivia thought that was a no-brainer.

At the departure gate, Olivia scanned the line of chauffeurs holding up signs, looking for one with her new name on it. She half expected to see a few photographers as well, even though her mother wasn't with her. It wouldn't seem like a real trip if there were no photographers. They always found you.
She felt a little alarmed when it appeared that there were neither photographers nor a chauffeur. Then she saw a tall woman waving and realized with a shock that it was Aunt Tilda. She looked younger than Olivia had remembered, and even though she wore no obvious makeup, Olivia thought that she wasn't at all bad looking, either. How old was she? Seven years older than mother, nearly fifty. Olivia would have to ask her, tactfully of course, how she did it.
As Aunt Tilda hugged her, Olivia noticed her perfume. Or not really perfume, but some scent that seemed to envelop her--like pine trees, but subtler, as if it was the last breath of a wind that had blown through a forest far away. Smelling it, Olivia had an odd sensation that she could see far off in time. She saw two children playing, two little girls who looked like...she realized they were her mother and Aunt Tilda.
The image disappeared as Tilda took hold of Olivia's shoulder and held her at arm's length, surveying her. "I can see your mother in you more all the time," said Tilda.
Olivia laughed. "I wish," she said. "There isn't a trace of her in me."
"Oh, there is, be assured," said Tilda. "You just have to let people see it more."
They went to the luggage area where Olivia was a little surprised to have to carry her own bags. Tilda helped, since there were three suitcases, and then they went outside and stood in a line. Olivia saw with surprise that they were waiting for a taxi. She was going to ask why Tilda didn't have a limo waiting, but then bit her tongue. Mother had warned her that Tilda "isn't like the people you know here." Well, Olivia had seen from the beginning that mother was against the whole idea of her staying with Tilda, so she had shrugged that off as another way of discouraging her. If Tilda rode around in taxis, Olivia would just grit her teeth and do that too.
Still, it wasn't so easy to stand in a line. Usually, anywhere Olivia and her mother went, everybody just stepped aside and let them in, whether there was a line or not. After about five minutes, however, a cab honked its horn, and Tilda stepped toward it. Olivia was relieved at first, but had second thoughts when she saw the driver. He was wearing a turban and some kind of long striped shirt and baggy pants that made Olivia think of terrorists. She had to force herself to follow Tilda, who was already sliding into the back seat as the driver put the suitcases into the trunk.
As he got behind the wheel, Tilda leaned over and said something in a language Olivia had never heard before. Or maybe she just cleared her throat, because Olivia couldn't tell the difference. However, she saw the driver smile broadly before he spoke back. The two of them chatted back and forth for a little while before the driver stepped on the gas.
"What was that?" Tilda whispered. She was too curious not to ask, but was afraid the driver would hear.
"He's a Sikh," Tilda responded, pronouncing the word "sikk," so that Olivia gave him a worried look as if he had something that might be catching.
"Sikh," Tilda explained, "a follower of Sikhism, one of the most important religions in India. I spoke to him in Punjabi, which I knew he'd find comfortable."
"Um...how did you know?"
"I took a couple of courses and there are some native speakers in my neighborhood that I practice with."
"No, I meant...how did you know he was a Sikh?"
"Well, the turban, dear. They don't cut their hair, so they tuck it under the turban."
"Why did he stop for us?" Olivia was still worried about terrorists. "We weren't at the front of the line."
"Oh...we recognized each other."
"Do you know him?"
"Not exactly. Look ahead now, dear. The view is wonderful from here."
And it was. All the lights were on by now, and driving toward the city, it looked more like a fairyland than ever. For some reason, Olivia started to get nervous. I could get lost here, she thought.
"You'll be fine, dear," said Aunt Tilda.
Olivia nodded and smiled, wondering if she'd said out loud what she had been thinking. Or maybe Tilda had just guessed it. The driver said something in what must have been Punjabi, and when Tilda replied they both chuckled. Maybe everybody knows what I'm thinking, Olivia thought.
Tilda reached over and took her hand. All at once, Olivia felt peaceful. She realized that it had been a very long time since she had been so calm, as if she had been clenching her whole body like a fist and only now found out that she could relax.

The next thing she knew, the cab was coming to a stop in a narrow street lined with cute little five-story houses. Olivia stared. She hadn't been to Aunt Tilda's house the last time she came to New York--they'd met her in the hotel mother stayed at. These houses were pretty enough, but they were so small--only two windows on each floor. How could anybody live in them?
"We manage," said Tilda. "Space is a lot more precious in New York than it is in Beverly Hills."
Olivia blinked. This time she was sure she hadn't spoken her thoughts aloud. Before she could say anything, Tilda had gotten out of the cab. The driver set the suitcases on the sidewalk and Tilda gave him some money, along with a few more words in Punjabi. Maybe you had to know it to get around in taxis in New York, Olivia thought. She wondered for a moment how hard it would be to learn. Back in California, she had picked up some Spanish, but that didn't sound anything like Punjabi.
The driver turned and smiled at her. His teeth were as broad and white as any movie star's. "Welcome to New York," he said clearly and distinctly.
Riiiight, Olivia thought. "Thanks," she replied, feeling a little like somebody had played a trick on her.
She followed Tilda through a small doorway underneath the stone stairway that led to the main entrance. Tilda used a key to open an elaborate wrought-iron gate and another key to unlock a steel door beyond that. It seemed like a lot of locks, Olivia thought, but then realized that unlike her mother's house, this one didn't have a guard at the front gate.
Tilda switched on a light to reveal that they were in a long corridor with colorful prints hanging on the walls. A black cat appeared from around a corner and looked over the two of them. Its eyes were an intense yellow, and as they rested on Olivia, she felt almost as though it was about to speak. She reached down to pet it, but the cat easily eluded her. "Julius needs to get used to you before he lets you touch him," said Tilda.
"How will I know when that is?" Olivia asked.
"He'll let you know. Now, the kitchen and pantry are down here on the ground floor," she continued, "plus the garden, of course."
"You have a garden?"
"I'll show it to you tomorrow. For now, let's get you settled in your room." Tilda pressed a button, and Olivia heard the sound of a motor. Something beeped, and a panel in the wall slid open. Behind it was an elevator. Olivia was impressed. Even in her mother's house, there was no elevator.
The two of them, along with the suitcases, virtually filled the tiny space. Olivia wondered for a second what would happen if they got stuck. Aunt Tilda pointed to a button marked "Emergency," and said, "This opens the door so you can climb out." The elevator began to move upward, without a sound. As they passed the first floor, Tilda said, "This is where the living room and the dining room are, though unless I have guests I usually eat in the kitchen so I can enjoy the garden." The elevator moved on past the second floor. "This is where my bedroom and the library are. And now we come to the third floor, for guests." She smiled. "You're my only guest right now, so the whole floor is yours."
As the elevator door opened, Olivia saw the cat sitting there waiting. "Is that the same cat?" she asked.
"Yes. He came up the stairway. Julius doesn't trust the elevator."
Olivia wondered how he knew which floor they were going to. She was soon distracted, however, when Tilda opened a door and said, "If you don't like the decoration, we can have some fun changing it."
Looking inside the room, Olivia felt as though she'd seen it before. There was a queen-sized canopy bed with a patchwork quilt and cherry-wood posts. The canopy cloth was made with a Kate Spade print which matched the wallpaper in the room. Directly across from the bed was a flat-screen television set, with a built-in DVD player. Against another wall was a desk that held a Mac computer. A vanity table, a full-length mirror, a generous-sized chest of drawers, and a cushiony-soft chair completed the furnishings. The floor was covered with a blue shag carpet that looked as soft as Mother's lawn. Olivia walked into the room, feeling a bit dazed. Then she noticed that on one wall there was even a framed poster of Matthew McConaughey, shirtless of course. Exactly everything Olivia really wanted was there. In fact...it was a room that she had imagined, when she was making up dream lives for herself.
"How did you know I liked Matthew McConaughey?" she asked Tilda.
"Oh, I guess your mother told me," Tilda replied.
Olivia shook her head. Impossible. Mother had no idea that she liked Matthew McConaughey, or anything else for that matter. As far as mother was concerned, what Olivia liked was what Mother liked.
"There's a bathroom through there," said Tilda, gesturing toward an open doorway. From here, Olivia could see that the tiles and fixtures were dark red--also a fantasy of hers, but one that she knew mother would only laugh at.
"Why don't I let you get settled in?" Tilda said. "Come down to the kitchen when you're ready and we can make ourselves something to eat. Or maybe order in a pizza."
Olivia nodded. The kitchen. Fix something to eat. There was an idea. At home, Olivia wasn't allowed to enter the kitchen because it was the domain of mother's cook André, who didn't make anything unless it was French. Pizza was out, because it was a poor imitation of quiche, according to André. Between meals, Olivia sometimes asked him for something to eat, but Mother had her on a strict daily calorie ration, and a snack was usually a piece of fruit or zwieback with a mushroom spread André made. "It's easier to stay thin than to get thin after you're fat," Mother often said.
After Tilda left, Olivia kicked off her shoes and lay down on the bed. It was positively the most comfortable bed she'd ever been in. A feather bed, she guessed, in which she sank down, feeling the mattress wrap itself around her like something that loved her. She wanted to close her eyes and just enjoy the moment, but something was bothering her.
This was not just perfect, it was too perfect. Olivia had many of these same things in her room at home, but Mother had picked them out, and they weren't just exactly what Olivia would have chosen. Mother certainly wouldn't have picked out a poster of Michael McConaughey. She had decorated Olivia's room with circus posters.
How had Tilda known what Olivia wanted? It was even a bit creepy...
Olivia suddenly became conscious of two yellow eyes.
Julius, the cat, was sitting at the end of the bed. Staring at her.
Startled, she poked at him with her foot, but he nimbly dodged it. She tried again to nudge him off the bed, but without success. She was annoyed enough so that she got up and yanked at the quilt, dislodging him. But he landed on his feet and continued staring at her from the floor.
She didn't like it, and headed for the bathroom. Somehow, the cat anticipated that and slipped through the doorway a second before she did. Now, Olivia detected a mocking look on the cat's face as it nestled in a corner of the room, which was fairly large and had a sunken tub.
Olivia glared at the cat, trying to think. It certainly would not let her pick it up and carry it out of the room. Then she looked at the sink and had an idea. There was a sparkling clean glass there, and she filled it with water from the tap. Then she turned, holding it up so the cat could see. "Out, or get wet," she said.
The cat looked a little concerned now, but still didn't move. Olivia flung the water in its direction, and the cat let out a yowl. It moved fast enough to avoid getting really wet, and Olivia filled the glass again. This time the cat headed out the door of the bathroom, but she followed.
"Not far enough!" Olivia called, chasing the cat. "Out of my room!" The cat got the idea, and when he went out in the corridor, she slammed the door behind him.
She stood there, starting to feel foolish. Nice start, she told herself. I've made my first enemy already.

Worse yet, Tilda found out what happened. After Olivia had a quick shower and a change of clothes, she took the elevator back to the ground floor. Tilda was sitting at the kitchen table, drinking a cup of tea and reading a book. Without glancing up, she said, "I understand Julius was giving you some trouble."
She must have noticed he was wet, Olivia thought. "He just made me nervous, is all," she said. She started to apologize for throwing water on him, but Tilda waved her hand as if to say it didn't matter. "He's just curious about everything, and especially you," Tilda said. "You have to remember, he was a ten-year-old boy in his previous life."
"Excuse me?" Olivia said.
"He was killed in an airplane crash in the Philippines," Tilda went on. "But he started a new life with that mentality. You know how ten-year-olds are. Especially boys."
Olivia looked at Tilda carefully for some sign that she was kidding. There was none. "Just imagine that he's a pesty little brother," Tilda added. "A furry one."
Seeing the look on Olivia's face, Tilda said, "Hasn't your mother ever explained these things?" She made it sound like Olivia's mother hadn't told her about sex, or something equally obvious.
"Um...no," Olivia admitted.
"It's simply reincarnation, dear. Surely you've heard of that."
Not wanting to appear hopelessly stupid, Olivia nodded. She did think she'd heard it mentioned in a movie, but had no idea what it could be.
Tilda saw right through her act. Frowning, she said, "Pay attention. Everyone has had a series of previous lives, and when we die, we'll go on to another. Where we go next depends on how we've done in our present life."
 A light went on in Olivia's head. In the movie, someone had moved back to a previous life to correct some mistake they'd made. "I remember now," she said. "But even if you did..."
"There's no if about it," Tilda said confidently.
"Well...how come people don't remember? I mean, what difference does it make if you can't remember your other lives?"
"Some people can," Tilda responded.
"Like you," Olivia said.
Tilda merely shrugged.
"And how do you know what's his name...Julius's other life?"
"Cats are very intense," Tilda said. "Julius and I are a good match for each other."
"So you, like, read his mind."
"Let's just say I sense what he's thinking."
"Is that what you did with me earlier? In the taxi?"
Tilda smiled. "Actually, I think you made a connection with me when we hugged at the airport. Do you recall?"
Olivia thought briefly, and then remembered. "Yes...only I was thinking of you and mother."
"When we were about your age," Tilda said. "Seeing you at the airport reminded me how very much you were like her...when she was just Susie B. Bettendorfer of Bettendorf, Iowa."
"And not Bedelia Yearwood, the superstar."
"Yes."
"I wish I'd known her then."
"Like I said...look in the mirror. You're not very different from what she was."
"But I never read anybody's mind before," said Olivia. "Is it something you can learn?"
A buzzer sounded.
"That's the pizza delivery," said Tilda. "I hope you like anchovy."
Of course I do. When Olivia sneaked a piece at the actors' lunches on movie sets, she always ate anchovy. Nobody else ever seemed to like it.
Chapter Two
Olivia stretched her arms, feeling really good. She couldn't remember when she had slept so well. When she went back to California, she'd ask mother to get her a feather bed just like this one.
A little wave of disappointment washed over her as she thought about that, because Mother would have some excuse for not doing it. Either it didn't provide the proper support for her back or else it might set off Olivia's allergies...there would be some reason why Olivia couldn't have what she wanted.
Well, she thought as she threw off the quilt, that wasn't true as long as she was here. Aunt Tilda might be a little crazy, and never really explained how she knew what Olivia liked, but it was clear that Olivia could have it.
As Olivia stepped into her slippers, she froze. Sitting on the floor, staring at her (what else?), was Julius. Olivia glanced at her bedroom door, which was shut tight. She sighed. "O.K., Julius," she said. "You've made your point. You can get in here whenever you like. But if you don't want to get wet," she said, raising her voice, "then the ground rules are that you stay out of the bathroom."
Julius licked his paw casually.
"I'll take that as a yes," said Olivia. But once she got inside the bathroom she locked the door anyway.

Tilda was already at the kitchen table, sipping from a teacup and reading a book. Olivia couldn't remember ever seeing her mother reading anything but scripts of movies. "What are you reading?" she asked.
Tilda shut the book and slipped it into the pocket of her dressing gown. "Something about moon phase correspondences," she said. "It's very technical. Would you like to make an omelet?"
Olivia smiled, because she was getting used to Tilda guessing what she wanted. Back home at breakfast André sometimes served omelets, which Olivia loved, but he told her than only men knew how to make them properly.
Tilda already had some eggs sitting on the counter. She broke them into a bowl, explaining that for each egg you had to include a tablespoon of water. "Or milk, if you like," she said. "Nothing fancy. Then you whisk everything until it looks right."
She pointed to some pans hanging on the wall. "Take down the cast iron skillet and put it over a medium flame." When Olivia fumbled with the stove, Tilda showed her just how high the flame should be. "Then butter," she said. After Olivia put a dab in the bottom of the pan, Tilda said, "No, lots of butter. Besides adding flavor, it keeps the eggs from sticking."
But it's bad for you, Olivia thought.
"Nonsense," said Tilda. "Margarine is much worse."
Lined up above the stove were some jars filled with dried herbs. Tilda selected one and shook it over the pan, where the eggs were now beginning to cook. "I like salt," Olivia said.
"Put it on after the eggs cook," said Tilda. "Not too much, or you'll cover up the taste of the herbs."
Olivia had always wondered how you turned the eggs into a flat little package, and was startled when Tilda did it just by jerking the handle of the pan. Once, then a second time, and there it was. "Plate, plate," Tilda said, and Olivia grabbed one from a cabinet. Just in time to let Tilda slide the whole thing out of the pan.
"Mmmm," was all that Olivia could say when she tasted it. Tilda was right--it didn't need salt. "What kind of herbs are those?" Olivia asked.
"Chervil mostly," said Tilda. "Basil. Some other things. I grow them myself in the garden."
Olivia wanted to call André and tell him her aunt made better omelets than he did.
"Call him when you can make better omelets than he can," said Tilda.
"Aunt Tilda!" cried Olivia.
"Oh, it won't be long. With a little practice you'll be able to make one."
"I don't mean that. I mean...well, it's a little creepy how you always know what I'm thinking."
Tilda looked disappointed. "I thought it would make you feel more at home."
Olivia couldn't help laughing. "Aunt Tilda," she said when she caught her breath, "at home nobody cares what I'm thinking."
"Then they're not paying attention," said Tilda. 
You got that right, thought Olivia. She saw Tilda was about to comment, but then changed her mind.
Instead, Tilda took another sip of tea and casually looked Olivia over. Olivia became self-conscious. Tilda was going to say something about her appearance, she knew it.
"What would you like to do today, dear?" Tilda said.
Well, that was a surprise. "Do?" Olivia asked, sounding stupid even to herself.
"Whatever you'd like," Tilda said with an encouraging smile.
The first thing that popped into Olivia's head was that she wanted to go to the mall. Fortunately, she reminded herself in time that there weren't any malls in Manhattan.
"Plenty of stores, though," said Tilda. Then she put her hand over her mouth, even though her eyes were twinkling. "Sorry," she said.
Olivia sighed. "Stores it is," she said.
"Maybe some clothes for school?" Tilda suggested.
"Oh, mother already bought me all kinds of outfits."
"Like that one?"
Olivia looked down at herself. She had on a lime green ruffled blouse and a khaki skirt with beige knee socks. A pair of green pumps completed the outfit. Mother had said the combination looked lovely. "Yes," she said uncertainly. "Don't you like it?"
"I don't judge anyone by the clothes they wear," Tilda responded. "But at your school, some will."
"And they won't like this kind of outfit?" Olivia's voice rose. Maybe coming here is going to be a terrible idea after all, she thought.
"Let me put it another way," said Tilda. "Would you like to be invisible?"
"How do you know all these things?" Olivia said. "Don't tell me you can make me invisible."
"The first step toward being invisible," said Tilda, "is not to call attention to yourself."
Olivia felt like crying. She wanted to tear off her outfit, but that wouldn't solve the problem, because practically everything she'd brought in her luggage was pretty much like it.
"It's not a terrible outfit," Tilda said. "Really, it's lovely."
"That's exactly what mother said. So why do you--"
"But it's not what you wear in New York if you want to be invisible. That's all. We'll go shopping. You'll see."

And they did. Surprisingly, they walked. Not even a taxi this time. It was a good thing Aunt Tilda had made Olivia go upstairs and change out of heels into running shoes. Olivia wasn't too happy about that, because she ordinarily wore her Nikes only in the gym, and didn't want to get them dirty on New York sidewalks.
There were lots of scary-looking people on the sidewalks too, but somehow Olivia felt Tilda could protect her from them. A couple of times, Tilda even stopped to talk to people Olivia wouldn't have dared to make eye contact with. One was a man wearing what looked like three or four black ski jackets so that he looked like a dark Pillsbury doughboy who needed a shave. As Olivia stepped a bit closer, she wrinkled her nose. A shave and a bath, she decided.
"Are you taking your meds, Danny?" Aunt Tilda asked the man.
He nodded vigorously. "Yeah, yeah, you know I always do."
"Had anything to eat yet?"
He smiled sheepishly at her. "I'm not hungry yet."
"Here," she said, handing him a couple of dollar bills. "Make sure you get something in your stomach."
He nodded and quickly zipped open two of the jackets, tucking the bills into the pocket of the third one down.
"Do you think he will?" Olivia asked after they had moved down the street.
"Will what?"
"Get some food."
"If he feels hungry, he might. But if Danny misses his meds, he starts to act strange."
Olivia thought he was already acting pretty strange, but she let it go. Tilda pointed to a storefront. "Let's try there."
Inside, Olivia thought they'd made a mistake. It looked like a laundry where people like Danny took their clothes. Tables were piled high with worn-out jeans, grubby-looking sweatshirts, and T-shirts. A thin young man walked over and said, "May I assist you?" 
Olivia gaped at him. He had so many piercings that she couldn't count them. One was a chain that stretched from his earlobe to his eyebrow, and it made a jangly noise as he walked. As Olivia took a closer look, she saw that it had a tiny bell on it.
"We need to outfit her for school," Tilda said. Olivia almost laughed, thinking how horrified her mother would be to see her wearing "outfits" like this.
The young man looked her over the way Aunt Tilda had, but he didn't bother to hide his opinion. Shaking his head, he said, "First of all, we have to stop trying to be the next Pussycat Doll."
Olivia felt her face get red. "I got this outfit at the Ralph Lauren store on Rodeo Drive," she told him.
"How is dear old Ralph?" the young man said sarcastically. "Didn't he sell you a cowboy hat to go with it?"
Olivia fought back angry tears. Sometimes she'd encountered sales people like this, even when she was with mother. Why did she think anything would be different in New York? She wished she could just turn and get out of here.
But then Tilda reached out and touched the arm of the sales clerk, just brushing it softly so that he hardly noticed. As she did, she said something that Olivia couldn't hear.
The effect was startling. His expression changed; the sneer vanished, and he looked around as if he'd forgotten where he was. Then he walked in the other direction and disappeared through a door in the back of the store.
"Now let's see," said Tilda as if nothing had happened. "What sizes do you wear?"
"What did you say to him?" Olivia asked. Whatever it was, she wanted to remember it for the next time some sales clerk was being snotty to her.
"Nothing, really," Tilda said, picking up a dark blue t-shirt that had something written on it in Chinese letters. "Want to try this on?"
"No, but...you must have said something."
Tilda held the t-shirt up against Olivia, as if measuring it. "Oh," she said, "I just suggested he had something better to do."
Olivia believed it must have been something stronger than that, because he never returned to bother them. She was able to just pick up whatever she liked, slip it on and check herself out in a mirror without worrying what anybody would say.
She'd seen pictures of models wearing grungy jeans but mother would never have let her wear them. In fact, it was a little scary to actually see what she looked like in them. "Aunt Tilda," she asked, "are you sure the kids at this school will be wearing stuff like this?"
"I checked it out," Tilda replied. "Trust me."
Olivia was beginning to think that was a pretty good idea.
Chapter Three
Two days later, sitting in a taxi that was taking her to school, Olivia wasn't so sure. It was true that Tilda seemed to be unusually good at getting people to do what she wanted. Everywhere they went, Olivia saw that. But Olivia was beginning to think that Tilda had just done the same thing--to her.
That morning at breakfast (which Olivia made without help, though she hadn't yet gotten the knack of folding the omelet) Tilda had told Olivia that she'd be going to school by herself. "I've called a taxi," Tilda had said. "The driver will let you off right by the front steps, so all you have to do is go inside and ask for Miss Dolfinger."
It sounded easy, but Olivia could think of a thousand things that might go wrong. What if the driver was in a wreck and didn't get her there in time? What if nobody knew where Miss Dolfinger was? What if...?
The truth was, since Olivia had arrived in New York, she hadn't gone any place without Tilda and had gotten used to her smoothing things out wherever they went. Olivia had to admit that there was something a bit uncanny about that, but it didn't seem much different from the way everybody treated her mother, just because she was a movie star.
But Olivia wasn't at all sure that she wanted to go out by herself. She had tried to get Tilda to reveal what exactly she said or did to get annoying people to do what she wanted. "You just have to assume control," was all Tilda would reply.
Yeah, right, Olivia thought. Tilda seemed to sympathize. "I chose this school for you because I knew you'd never been to a rigorous one before," Tilda said. "You shouldn't have any trouble with the program at the Knickerbocker School."
"You mean it's easy?" asked Olivia, knowing she should feel glad. In fact, she felt a little disappointed because she'd always wondered what a real school was like.
"Well, they adapt their curriculum to the students' needs and abilities," Tilda replied. "Or so they say. I have been told the teachers are friendly."

So here was Olivia, clutching her cell in one hand, all set to speed dial Tilda at the first sign of trouble, sitting in the back of a cab traveling through the streets of Manhattan. She had half-expected the driver to be the same one who drove them from the airport, but unfortunately it wasn't. This one was a black man who thought his job included making cheerful remarks. At least he spoke English. "I am René," he said, as if she had to know his name. He had an accent that Olivia thought sounded French, though of course he couldn't be French. But when she looked at his license, posted on the window behind the front seat, she saw his name was René Touvain. That sounded French.
"First day of school, yes?" he said after they started down the street from Tilda's house. She sort of grunted in reply, not wanting to encourage him but afraid of being totally rude.
"I wish I was going to school today," René continued. 
This time Olivia made no comment, just looking out the window and wondering why so many people in New York seemed to walk everywhere. Maybe riding in cars was more dangerous here because of the narrow streets.
"You know why?"
She couldn't even remember what he was talking about, but decided it was safer to say "no." René turned his head every time he talked, and Olivia  was worried that when he took his eyes off the road he might crash.
"Because the way to get ahead in this life is to learn." He told her this as if he was revealing some hidden truth that was the secret to everything. She felt like telling him that the way to get ahead in life was to be incredibly beautiful and to act as if everybody should bow down before you wherever you went.
At least that was the way her mother did it. Olivia had to admit it was difficult for a mousy-looking person like herself. "How long will it be before we arrive?" she asked, trying to sound the way her mother did.
"Ah, who can say, who can say?" René answered. The chauffeurs who worked for her mother would never have said that. "You in a hurry?" he asked.
She shook her head. She knew he wasn't really looking for an answer.
"Because people who are in a hurry, they wear themselves out," René said. "Run here, run there, the heart beats fast and wears out too soon."
"But what if I'm late for school?" Olivia said.
"That will never happen," René replied, turning to look at her. Olivia desperately pointed at the windshield. "Never happen," he repeated. He sounded very sure. "Matilde won't allow that."
It took Olivia a moment to realize he meant Aunt Tilda. She was about to ask how Tilda could stop it, when René turned a corner and motioned for her to look. "See, there it is now," he said.
Olivia saw an old stone building, surrounded by a black wrought-iron fence. A sign with gilt letters was attached to the fence, reading "The Knickerbocker School, founded 1897." A crowd of kids stood there, talking. Olivia saw that they were, indeed, dressed in the same kind of clothes Tilda had bought her. Olivia felt relieved. She would have been a real standout in the outfits her mother had bought for her.
As she looked closer, she saw that most of the students wore jeans with distinctive stitching or labels that showed they were expensive brands--really expensive, like Seven for All Mankind, True Religion, even some Versace. Most of the boys wore skater sneakers, a lot of Lakais and even some limited-quantity Japanese brands, while the girls were all in Tory Burch or Kate Spade flats in rainbow colors. Everyone's hair was carefully styled, the girls with hair blown out so straight it shone like sheets of glass, while the boys opted for tousled, mussed styles. And even though almost everybody did wear a t-shirt, as Aunt Tilda had predicted, many of them Olivia recognized as being from the pricier lines of Juicy Couture, J. Crew and some designers. A few people's t-shirts were at the other end of the spectrum: L.L. Bean or with slogans that seemed self-consciously uncool. The ones wearing these were mostly kids who sported eyeglasses with large and prominent frames, Woody Allen style. She saw one t-shirt that really made her smile: the slogan on the front read "I heart Beverly Hills." If you only knew, Olivia thought.
René stopped the cab close to the entrance of the school. "I will be here to pick you up at three p.m.," he said. 
"You will?" She was surprised, though she hadn't thought about getting home. "What if they keep me after school?"
"Do not disgrace Matilde," he said, more serious than he'd been before.
"She wouldn't allow that," Olivia replied. René frowned.

Olivia certainly felt invisible as she entered the building. The hallway was crowded with people, just like the schools she had seen in movies. Here, they seemed to be all ages, from little primary-school kids to much older ones who must be high school seniors. All the other students were greeting each other and talking about what they'd done over the summer. Nobody paid her the slightest attention until Olivia flagged down somebody who looked like a teacher. She wasn't much older than some of the students, but she was the only one wearing a skirt. "Where is Miss Dolfinger's office?" Olivia asked. 
"Up those stairs and to your right," the woman replied. Then she gave Olivia a second look. "You're new?"
Olivia nodded.
"So am I," the woman said, putting out her hand. "I'm Ms. Noyes, and I'll be the language arts teacher for ninth and tenth grades."
"I'm in ninth grade," said Olivia. "So I guess..."
"We'll be seeing each other," Ms. Noyes finished. "And your name?"
Oh, right, thought Olivia, feeling stupid. She tells you her name, you tell her yours. It's not rocket science, Olivia.
"Olivia," she said. Ms. Noyes nodded, as if encouraging her to go on.
"Yearwo--" She caught herself. "I mean, Bettendorfer. Olivia Bettendorfer."
Ms. Noyes gave her a funny look, and why not, since how many students wouldn't be able to remember their own names? "Maybe I should show you where Miss Dolfinger's office is," she said.
Olivia protested, but it was clear she had already marked herself as the class idiot and Ms. Noyes guided her up the stairs and even pointed to the door, which was clearly marked "Idella Dolfinger, Head of School."
"Through there," Ms. Noyes said with a helpful smile.
Riiiight, thought Olivia. I wouldn't have guessed, since I'm unable to read.
She pushed open the door to face a middle-aged woman seated behind a desk. The woman was wearing a plain white blouse with a pin of blue stones at her throat. She was writing something and at first didn't look up. Finally she peered over the top of her glasses. "Yes?"
"I...I'm here to see Miss Dolfinger."
"Your name?"
Olivia took a breath this time before reciting it correctly.
"You're new," the woman said. It wasn't a question. She reached for a vertical file on her desk and took out a manila folder. Olivia saw her new name on it. After looking at some papers inside it, the woman picked up her telephone, dialed a short number that must have been an extension, and said to the person at the other end, "Send Muffin up to Miss Dolfinger's office." She hung up.
"Are you Miss Dolfinger?" Olivia asked. She was getting impatient.
"I am Ms. Tucker, her assistant," the woman said.
"Could I see Miss Dolfinger?"
"This is the first day of school," the woman said as if Olivia hadn't comprehended that. "She is quite busy, and has already examined your record." The woman looked down at the folder and closed it firmly. "Such as it is. We at the Knickerbocker usually demand more formal training than you have had, but it's been decided that if you apply yourself, you may be able to achieve our standards. We've placed you with the freshperson class, but of course we have all grades from K through 12, if you don't fit in at that level."
Olivia felt her eyes fill with angry tears, and she struggled to find a response. But the door opened behind her and she turned to see a girl about her age. She looked a little like Hillary Clinton in her geeky phase, with large round glasses that made her closely resemble an owl.
"Muffin, this is a new girl, Olivia Bettendorfer. Olivia, this is Muffin Van Stroops. She will be your companion."
Olivia was a little surprised. They assigned you friends here? "I'm sorry?" she said.
"Muffin will guide you through your first day, introduce you to teachers, and be your student advisor about any problems you may encounter."
Olivia looked at Muffin, who smiled in a way that was supposed to be friendly but came out as hopelessly condescending. Olivia sighed. Well, she thought, it's either go with her or go skiing. Skiing was suddenly looking better.

"Did you just move to New York?" Muffin asked after they left the office.
"Yes." Olivia was concentrating on Muffin's glasses, which were uglier than they had to be. Olivia knew from seeing other students outside the school that it was the style, but even so....
"My family has lived here for three hundred years," Muffin replied.
Uncertain how to reply to that, Olivia said, "You could get contacts, you know."
A frosty silence followed as Muffin apparently digested this abrupt change of subject. "Contacts can cause infections, even blindness," she told Olivia.
"Everybody in Beverly Hills wears contacts," Olivia replied, "and there aren't any blind people. At least none I've ever seen."
"Is that where you're from?" Muffin asked with some interest.
Damn, damn, Olivia thought. Nice way to remain invisible. "I'm actually from Bettendorf, Iowa," she said.
"Oh," Muffin seemed easily fooled. "What's it like there?"
"Quiet," Olivia replied. "Very quiet."
"Isn't your name Bettendorfer?"
"That's right. Everybody in town is named Bettendorfer."
A longer silence than there had been after the suggestion about contacts. "You're putting me on, aren't you?" Muffin said.
Olivia just smiled in a friendly way.
Muffin's tone turned serious. "You know, if you want to get along in this school, you have to make friends with the right people," she said.
Olivia giggled. She couldn't help it. "You mean...you?" 
Well, that really was the wrong thing to say, she thought, but even so.
Surprisingly, Muffin didn't seem offended. "Of course, me. I know all the popular people in school. Many of us have been here since kindergarten." Practically a life sentence, thought Olivia. 
A group of girls approached in the hallway, and Muffin waved hello to them. "See you at lunch," she said. A few of them gave curious glances at Olivia.
When they had gone past, Muffin said, "Did you notice the tall blonde girl?"
Olivia looked back. Most of the group were blondes, but one was taller than the others. And even though she wore the same grungy outfit as everyone else, she somehow managed to make hers look better-fitting. She was wearing enough eye shadow for both of the Olsen twins, but somehow--unlike them--she made it look glamorous. For a second, she made eye contact with Olivia, and there was something in her look that made it clear she regarded Olivia as inferior. Irritated at herself, Olivia turned away.
"That's Madison Lispenard," said Muffin. "She's the most popular girl in our class. She always has been. I know her, and can introduce you."
Right then Olivia decided that she would do her best never to be friends with Madison Lispenard.

For the rest of the morning, Olivia followed Muffin, who showed her where her locker was, helped her work the combination, and then took her to class. After what Ms. Tucker had said, Olivia had been a little worried that she might not be able to keep up with the work here. But she soon decided that Tilda was right: it was going to be even easier than the twelve-student school Olivia had attended in California. The biggest concern of the teachers seemed to be to entertain the students, or at least not to bother them too much. Mr. Feldstein, the social studies teacher, had dressed for the class in a costume that made him look like an oldtime sea captain. It even included a sword that he drew and waved around, which was, Olivia thought, one sure way to get attention. The whole thing was to remind the students that they were on a voyage of discovery, bla bla. He pointed out the window, where they could see a river, Olivia wasn't sure which one. It didn't look like you'd want to swim in it. "When Henry Hudson came here four centuries ago," Mr. Feldstein said, "he didn't know how far that river went. Do you know where your lives are going?"
Umm, can you get back to me on that? Olivia thought, trying to make herself as invisible as possible so that he wouldn't call on her.
Fortunately Mr. Feldstein was the type of teacher who liked to answer his own questions, possibly reflecting his opinion of the students' abilities. "To find out, you have to know where you're coming from."
Bettendorf, Olivia thought. But it turned out the class was coming from the sixteenth century, the time Mr. Feldstein intended to talk about. Mostly, it seemed, people went from one place to another on boats in those days. Hence the costume. Good thing he hadn't started with the cave men.
The next class was math, which made Olivia a little tense until the teacher said they could use their calculators on tests. She already knew how to use a calculator. It was figuring out math problems that bothered her. Something seemed to be bothering the teacher, a thin little man named Mr. Haber. He kept turning around and looking at the floor behind him as he talked. When he wrote on the board, he twisted himself around so that he continued to face the class at the same time. Some of the students giggled a bit at these antics, but it wasn't until after class that Muffin explained what was going on.
"Somebody supposedly set off a firecracker behind Mr. Haber one time," she told Olivia. "So he's been on guard ever since."
"Is that true?" Olivia could hardly believe it. "Did they catch the person who did it?"
"I wasn't there. It was two years ago. But everybody knew who did it. Brian Glidewell."
"What did they do to him?"
"Nothing. He graduated and went to Harvard. Haven't you heard of the Glidewells? His father is the head of Baldwin, Palmer."
"What's that?" As soon as the words were out of her mouth, Olivia knew they were a mistake.
And they were. "You don't know anything, do you?" Muffin said. "I mean, even in that town in Ohio they must have heard of Baldwin, Palmer."
"Iowa," corrected Olivia.
Muffin lowered her voice. "Listen, can I ask you something? I promise not to tell anyone."
Olivia tensed. She knew already that Muffin would betray anyone's deepest secrets if it would help her become popular.
Almost in a whisper now, Muffin asked, "Are you a scholarship student?"
What kind of dumb question was that? "No," Olivia said, wishing she had the nerve to shock Muffin by answering yes.
"Because if you are..." said Muffin, "then it would be almost impossible, really unthinkable, for you to be popular, and I don't want to waste my time on you."
Olivia stopped walking. Muffin continued for a few more steps before she realized Olivia wasn't next to her. She turned with a questioning look, and Olivia said. "Just go on. Really. I don't want to be with you any longer."
Muffin hesitated. "I'm supposed to take you to classes."
"I'll manage. Somehow," said Olivia.
"Listen, you need my--"
Olivia turned her back and discovered a boy was standing in back of her. A head taller than she was, he had a big smile on his face, showing off his perfectly straight teeth, which contrasted with his dark skin. Except for the fact that he wore tortoise-shell-frame glasses, he almost looked like a younger version of Will Smith.
"Sorry," he said, still smiling. "I couldn't help overhearing."
"I guess you think I'm an idiot too," she blurted out.
He raised his hands. "No, no. Listen, you want to know where your next class is?"
"How would you know?"
"Well, you were in my first two classes, so I guess we have the same schedule. Sorry you didn't notice me."
Actually, in class Olivia had been trying not to look at anybody, so that nobody would notice her. Now she shrugged. "It's either this or skiing."
"Pardon?"
"Never mind. Where's the next class?"
Getting into step alongside her, he said, "My name's Paul, by the way. Paul Dunbar Phillips."
"Olivia Bettendorfer. Do you know what Baldwin, Palmer is?"
He blinked. "It's a Wall Street investment bank. Does your father work there?"
"No, he's a farmer," Olivia replied quickly.
"What kind of farmer?" Paul asked, showing unexpected interest. 
There were different kinds? Lying was harder than Olivia thought. "Just a regular farmer," she said carefully. "You know, that grows things."
Paul gave her a funny look. "So what are you doing in New York?"
"Living with my aunt," Olivia said. Who speaks to homeless people on the street and has a cat that used to be a ten-year-old boy. She reminded herself to avoid details.
They entered a classroom and Olivia saw the teacher she'd met before, Ms. Noyes. Unfortunately, she recognized Olivia and gestured for her to sit in the front row. Paul sat next to her, making her feel a tiny bit more secure.
That feeling soon vanished when Ms. Noyes announced, "I am going to be your language arts teacher this year, and since I'm new I wanted to tell you a little about myself."
Olivia tensed up. She had a bad feeling that she knew where this was going. And she was right. After Ms. Noyes told them she had grown up in some other area of New York (Staten Island, wherever that was), and where she'd gone to college (Wellesley) and how she had always loved to read (books) and everybody in the room was falling asleep, she said, "There is someone else here who's new this year."
Olivia closed her eyes, wishing for a sudden terrorist attack on the school.
But the dreaded words came anyway: "Olivia, maybe you'd like to tell the class something about yourself."
OK, assume control, Olivia told herself, recalling what Aunt Tilda had said to do in case of emergencies. She took a deep breath.
"No." Suddenly the room seemed very quiet. She felt everybody's eyes on her.
"Pardon me?" said Ms. Noyes.
"I mean...well, no," Olivia said. "See, I'm really nobody."
A boy in the back laughed. Then everybody started. Olivia wondered where she could go if she just ran out of the classroom. Then she felt somebody nudge her. She looked up, and saw that it was Paul. He was smiling and gave her an OK sign with his thumb and finger forming an O.
They thought she was trying to be funny.
Ms. Noyes wasn't laughing, however. She gave Olivia a sad look for a moment, but then brightened.
"Sometimes we all feel like that," she said. Olivia doubted it. She was sure her mother never did.
Turning to the board, Ms. Noyes began to write. "In fact," she said, "over a hundred years ago, a great poet expressed that same feeling. Did anybody ever hear of Emily Dickinson?" She glanced over her shoulder. "Yes?" she said, nodding at someone a row or two in back of Olivia.
"My parents have a book of her poems," a girl's voice announced. "They're mostly short, but cool if you think about them."
Olivia turned to see who was courageous enough to admit she liked poetry. The girl had bright pink hair framing a narrow face that had piercings in the eyebrows. When she saw Olivia looking at her, she stuck out her tongue, revealing it was pierced too.
"Have you read this one?" Ms. Noyes asked, stepping back so they could read what she'd written:
I'm nobody! Who are you?
Are you nobody, too?
Then there's a pair of us--don't tell!
They'd banish us, you know

"Oh, yeah," the girl in the back replied. "I remember it."
"Do you know the rest of it?" Ms. Noyes asked.
"Yeah, well, sort of, I guess," the girl replied.
Ms. Noyes looked as if she'd won the lottery. "Could you--" she prompted.
"How dreary to be somebody," the girl began, reciting quickly. "How public, like a frog. To tell your name the livelong day. To an admiring bog." Not much expression, Olivia thought. She doesn't have an acting career ahead of her.
But Ms. Noyes was so happy she actually clapped her hands. "Oh, and tell us your name," she said.
There was a pause, and then the girl replied, "I'm nobody, too."
The expression on Ms. Noyes' face showed that she knew things were getting a little out of hand. "Well," she said, smiling gamely, "I guess for today we'll all just be nobody." She looked at the clock hanging on the rear wall. Evidently realizing that she had time to fill, she said, "Let's suppose, then, that we could become anybody we wanted. Who would we be? You first," she said, pointing to a boy at the end of the front row. Low groans could be heard in the room; the class was like a movie audience that knows something bad is about to happen.
Olivia glanced down there and saw someone who made her forget about Matthew McConaughey (almost). This guy was tall, with dark eyes and jet black hair. He looked like he worked out, too; Olivia imagined the way it would feel to have his big arms surrounding her. What appealed to her most, however, was the way his face was put together. Something about it that she couldn't describe made her want to cup her hands around it, feel the sharp edges of his jaw and cheekbones.
However, Ms. Noyes's question seemed like a major obstacle for him. Olivia could almost see a blank thought balloon appear above his head. After a couple of seconds, Ms. Noyes beckoned as if trying to draw a response out of him. He smiled, blinked--but still said nothing. Olivia wanted to shout names at him and then kiss him. She looked away, but then had to turn back because he was so wonderful to see.
And dumb. OK, nobody's perfect.
By now, everybody else in the room was feeling the tension too. A boy seated behind the Silent One leaned forward, and Olivia could hear him whisper the name of a basketball player.
Silent One furrowed his brow. Really. You could almost hear him thinking. Didn't he like basketball?
"It doesn't have to be a real person," Ms. Noyes prompted. "Maybe somebody you've read about in a book."
That visibly set loose a thought, like a gas bubble rising to the surface of a murky pond.  The Silent One opened his gorgeous mouth to let it escape. "Wolverine," he said.
Who?
Olivia could see she wasn't the only one asking that question. Now it was Ms. Noyes' brow that was furrowed.
Fortunately, the boy behind Silent One knew the answer. "He's one of the X-Men," he explained.
Oh, right, X-Men, thought Olivia. The hottest guy in the school wants to be a comic book character.
Ms. Noyes apparently decided she had gotten all she could squeeze out of this particular stone and decided to move right along. She pointed to the next boy. "And you?"
He responded with the same basketball player's name he had tried to feed to the Silent One. Olivia thought that was a little like cheating, but Ms. Noyes was glad to accept it.
There were no more tense moments after that. Down one row and up the next, people readily supplied the names of sports stars, actors and actresses, rock musicians--anybody they thought must enjoy a life of pleasure and happiness. If you only knew the truth, thought Olivia.
Then it was the turn of the girl who had known Emily Dickinson's poem. Olivia half-expected that she would name good old Emily as the person she'd most like to be.
Instead, she said, "Bedelia Yearwood."
Olivia froze. Paul noticed her reaction and sent a questioning look at her, but she managed a weak smile in his direction. Slowly, trying to show how unconcerned she was, Olivia turned to look at the girl. Their eyes met, the girl raised her pierced eyebrows, and stuck out her pierced tongue--again.
She couldn't know, Olivia thought. Could she?
A sudden silence let Olivia know the class was now waiting for another slow-witted person to come up with an answer. Oh, right. Me. She turned to see Ms. Noyes smiling encouragingly down at her. Did Wolverine have a girlfriend? Olivia had no clue about that, so she said the first name that popped into her head:
"Emily Dickinson."
Once again, Ms. Noyes' face showed how pleased she was. "Wonderful, Olivia!" she said. "Why is that?"
"Oh, well, you know, I just kind of was really impressed by the poem."
The class made a sound of disapproval. They snorted really, if a group of people can all snort in unison. Olivia realized she'd gone from lovable class clown to disgusting class suck-up in a single hour. The bell rang, and everybody stood, loathing her. She wondered how long it would take to get to the nearest skiing area.
Chapter Four
Paul didn't abandon Olivia after class, as he might well have. "Did you bring a lunch?" he asked.
Olivia shook her head. Aunt Tilda had given her money and said that she could buy lunch at the school.
"So you like food poisoning?" Paul asked.
"Um...no."
He smiled, showing two rows of perfect teeth. He wasn't bad looking himself, Olivia thought. And he knew it too. "Then you don't want to eat in the cafeteria," he told her. "Most kids go outside for lunch. I know this pizza place where they have pond scum topping."
It took Olivia a couple of seconds to realize he was kidding. "Ummm, my favorite," she finally said.
He took her to a little place about two blocks from the school. It looked pretty dumpy to her, with formica tables and an old tile floor. Olivia's mother would have been horrified to see her daughter going into such a place.
But inside it smelled good. Paul snagged an empty table and waved to a middle-aged man wearing an apron. "Pizza with pond scum?" the man called out.
"You got it," Paul responded.
"Tadpoles on that?"
"Not today."
"Large or medium?"
"Make it large," Paul said.
After looking at the pizzas on some of the other tables, Olivia leaned toward Paul and said, "I don't know how much you're going to eat, but maybe a large will be a bit much."
"We're sharing with another person," he said.
For a second, she let herself hope it was the Silent One. Paul saw something in her expression. "Who are you thinking of?" he asked.
"Well..." A little embarrassed, she decided to be honest for a change. "That guy who wanted to be Wolverine?"
Paul laughed, and Olivia felt her face turn red. "I didn't mean--" she started to say, but he put up a hand.
"I know exactly how you feel," Paul said. "His name is Alex Theodakis. Greek shipping family. But you can't compete with comic book heroes for Alex's affection. Believe me, I've tried to slip into that little world of his and win his heart."
"Why would you--" This time, she stopped herself from finishing. She suddenly realized that Paul was like some men she had met at her parents' parties. There were a lot of them in Hollywood, even ones who played macho tough guys in movies. They were usually nicer in person, like Paul.
Paul patted her hand. "If it's any consolation," he said, "I think if he had to choose between either of us, it would be you."
She had questions she wanted to ask Paul, but didn't know how. He was so far her only real friend, and she couldn't afford to alienate him. "Aren't you worried somebody will find out?" she asked.
He didn't understand what she meant, at first. "You mean about me?" he said after thinking it over. "Everybody knows about me. But nobody really cares. Or rather one guy did, but I...persuaded him otherwise. This is New York. The only thing that matters at this school is money. Your father the farmer must make plenty of it."
"Maybe I'm a scholarship student," she said, just to see how he'd react.
He shook his head firmly. "Then you'd be a lot smarter," he replied. Looking past her shoulder suddenly, Paul waved his hand. Olivia turned and saw the Emily Dickinson girl coming toward them.
She plopped down at their table and said to Paul, "I see you've picked up an orphan. Have you decided you want to be Emily Dickinson too?"
"You're the one who memorized all her poems," Paul shot back playfully. He turned to Olivia. "This is Dulcimer," he said. "Dulcimer Weiss."
"My parents are musicians," Dulcimer said. "In case you were wondering about the name."
Olivia looked blank. Dulcimer added, "A dulcimer is a medieval instrument, like a piano."
"Olivia's parents are farmers," Paul responded cheerfully.
Dulcimer shot her a look. "Is that so?" she said. By now, it was obvious that she knew all about Olivia's parents.
Olivia sighed. "Nobody else has recognized me," she said.
"Why should they?" Dulcimer said. "In the magazine pictures, you're always trying to hide."
"Could somebody enlighten me on what we're talking about?" Paul asked.
"You see?" Dulcimer told Olivia. "And he loves movie stars."
Fortunately, just then the man in the apron brought their pizza. The pond scum turned out to be extra cheese. As Olivia bit into a slice, she thought about what her mother would say. Mother had the ability to estimate the exact number of calories of any piece of food just by looking at it. The slice of pizza would be way off at the red end of the dial.
"Good, isn't it?" asked Paul. He handed her a napkin. "Oil on your chin," he explained.
"Just out of curiosity, what would we have gotten if you'd asked for tadpoles?" Olivia asked as she wiped her face.
"Anchovies, but not many people like those," he replied.
"I adore anchovies," Olivia said. 
Paul beamed. "I knew you were one of us the minute I saw you."
"He doesn't mean exactly like him," Dulcimer pointed out.
"I know," said Olivia. He had paid her a compliment, and that was what mattered.
"But now let me in on this big secret," Paul went on. "What magazine have you been in? How come I've missed it?"
"Because--" Dulcimer started to say, and then caught herself. She looked at Olivia.
"You might as well tell him," Olivia said.
"Her parents are Bedelia and Dirk Yearwood," Dulcimer announced.
Olivia almost laughed at Paul's reaction. He looked at her like she had just torn off her false face to reveal she was a creature from outer space. Recovering a little, he turned his head to one side, and began to study her.
"You can see it in the eyes," he said, "and the shape of the face. Your mother's is a little more--"
"I don't look anything like her," Olivia said abruptly.
"Oh, you do. She wears a lot more makeup, of course, and I assume she has a personal trainer and naturally she diets."
"Diets?" Olivia was halfway through her second slice of pizza, but it suddenly felt very heavy in her hand. "Who ordered the large pizza?" she asked coldly.
"Oh, we're sensitive!" Paul exclaimed.
"Don't go there, Paul," Dulcimer warned.
"Well," he said, pushing his glasses up on his nose. "In that case, why are you going to school here? I know you didn't run away from home, because I would have seen you on a milk carton."
"My parents are making a movie overseas, and they offered me a choice."
"Between what? Going to the Knickerbocker or hell?"
Olivia smiled. "Actually, the other choice was skiing."
Paul slapped his forehead. "Oh my Lord and Taylor," he said. "And you chose the Knickerbocker?"
"What did they tell you it was going to be like here?" asked Dulcimer.
"Well, they didn't say much," Olivia admitted. "But really, I chose coming here because I wanted to visit my aunt."
"You must dearly love your aunt," commented Paul. "What's she like?"
"Well," said Olivia, wondering how to describe Aunt Tilda, "she knew I liked anchovies on my pizza."
Paul patted her arm. "Next time," he said, "so will we."
"But the school doesn't seem that bad," said Olivia. "The teachers are pretty easy."
"Well, of course," responded Paul. "All the students' families are richer than the teachers, so they have to let us pretty much do what we want."
"So?"
He leaned over. "It's the students who can make your life miserable. If you let them. Wait till you meet Madison Lispenard."
"I sort of did already," Olivia said. "Muffin pointed her out."
"Muffin?" said Dulcimer. "Muffin Van Stroops? She's like Madison's altar girl. Did you tell her who your parents are?"
"No, and please, please don't tell anyone. Promise?"
Paul and Dulcimer exchanged glances. "Not if you don't want," he said. "But if you want to make friends with Madison, all you'd need to do is let her know--"
"I don't want to make friends with Madison," Olivia said. "She reminds me of my mother."
"She's nothing like," Paul said indignantly. "Your mother is an elegant person. And Madison is a, a...she's named after a street!"
"Two streets," corrected Dulcimer.
"Definitely a street person," said Paul. "But popular."
Olivia sighed. "Well, if she's popular, how come you two don't like her?"
"Oh, nobody likes her," Paul said. "Nobody really likes the popular people. They're just afraid of them."
"You're not."
"We're weird," said Dulcimer. She stuck out her tongue again.
"Did it hurt when you got your tongue pierced?" asked Olivia.
"It was worth it," Dulcimer explained. "To be weird."

During the afternoon classes, Olivia sat with Dulcimer and Paul. When Muffin walked in and saw them together, she indicated her disapproval by turning away and pretending they didn't exist. Olivia felt better already. At the end of the day, they exchanged cell phone numbers, which, according to Dulcimer, meant they were true friends. "Until you become popular," Paul warned. Olivia nodded and smiled because she knew that would never happen.
The driver named René showed up right after school let out, just as he promised. It was easy to find his yellow cab standing in front of the school next to a few black limos that waited with it. Most of the younger students were boarding small school buses, but a lot of the upper school students went home on their own.
As the cab pulled out of line and passed some of the other cars, Olivia saw The Silent One, Alex, getting into one of the limos. Both rich and hot, she thought. It crossed her mind that if she were bold she might wave to him, but he already had his nose in an X-Men comic and didn't look up as her cab passed. That was O.K. because she could stare at him without being noticed. He was as good-looking as a Greek statue, although he probably had the same amount of brains. 
René wanted to chat, asking Olivia how she liked her teachers. He obviously had no idea that teachers were the least of her problems. René continued talking about the many benefits you could gain from school, but Olivia just stared out the window, hardly hearing him. The only people her own age who'd been her friends before were kids from the studio school. If Mother approved of them, they'd be invited over for play dates, and that was how Olivia made friends. Once in a while, a chauffeur would take them someplace supervised, like ice skating.
Now she had found a couple friends on her own. The trouble was, they were weird. They liked being weird. Mother certainly wouldn't have approved of them. Olivia knew that shouldn't bother her. And it didn't, she told herself. She'd still rather be their friend than Madison's friend. But maybe that wasn't fair...after all, she'd never even spoken to Madison. Something to think about.
When René dropped her off at Tilda's house, he waited until Olivia let herself inside. He watched over her just like Mother's chauffeur. But when she smelled something strange and interesting in the kitchen, she forgot about that and went to see what was going on.
Tilda, wearing an apron, was stirring something in a large copper pot on the stove. On the butcher-block table in the center of the room were glass jars that held various kinds of herbs and dried fruits.
"Are you making supper?" Olivia asked, eager to help.
"No," replied Tilda. "It's a potion, what you might call a medicine. I decided to use up some of the herbs and spices I've grown this summer. They lose potency if they get too old."
"What's it for? Is somebody sick?"
"Not yet," Tilda said. "But you want to be ready if someone needs it. I have some clients who will buy these when winter comes. Which reminds me. Is René still outside?"
"I don't think so. He started off when he saw me open the door."
 "Could you take this down the street for me?" Tilda picked up a brown paper bag that was sealed with tape. Seeing that Olivia was a little nervous, she added, "When you leave here, just turn right and go to the house on the corner. Number 40. Ring the bell for apartment 3 and give it to the woman who answers. Can you remember that?"
"Number 40, apartment 3," Olivia repeated. "What's in it?"
"Just something I made earlier," Tilda said. "She knows what it is."
When Olivia picked it up, she could feel there were jars inside. As she turned, she tripped over something, had to put a hand out to steady herself, and nearly dropped the package. She looked down to see Julius scampering away.
Tilda didn't seem to notice. "Oh, and dear," she said. "she's an old lady and is sometimes lonely. If she asks you in for tea, go ahead."
Olivia nodded. Somehow, she felt that the cat had tried to trip her on purpose. If it was only a cat, that wasn't likely, but of course if it was really a ten-year-old boy, quite possible. She glared at him, but he just licked his paw as he couldn't care less.
Outside, she passed a young woman walking her dog, which was a Great Dane and looked as if he could pull its owner anywhere he wanted. Olivia moved to the curb and let them pass. But nobody else looked particularly threatening.
The house at number 40 was a brownstone like Tilda's house, but it had apparently been divided into apartments. There were five doorbells next to the front door. Olivia pushed the bell for number three. She waited and nothing happened. Should she ring again? Suddenly she heard a loud buzzing sound, but it stopped after a moment. Then she caught on. She was supposed to push the front door when the buzzer sounded. Like they did on Seinfeld. O.K. Try it again. She rang and this time the door buzzer responded almost at once.
When Olivia stepped inside, however, nobody appeared. A door to her right had a number one on it. The only other thing in the hallway was a wide staircase leading up. "Hello?" she called, but the sound echoed through the building as if nobody lived there.
If the apartment down here was number one, than number three must be...upstairs. Doesn't take a genius, she told herself, and started up. Two flights later, breathing a little harder than usual, she saw door number three, but it was closed. When she knocked on it, a small circular panel slid open. Olivia saw an eye on the other side peer out at her.
"Who are you?" came a high-pitched voice.
"Tilda's niece," Olivia said. "She sent me with--" Before she could finish, a lock clicked and the door opened. There stood a woman wearing a short-sleeved colorful print dress that looked as if it were about fifty years old. The woman herself was shorter and thinner than Olivia, but the flesh on her face, arms, and hands was deeply wrinkled, as if she had lost a lot of weight and the skin never shrank to fit her.
Olivia held out the paper bag, hoping the woman would take it and let her go. Instead, she smiled, revealing several gold teeth, and said, "Come in, I'm just fixing tea."
"I don't really..." Olivia began but somehow the woman had caught hold not only of the package, but Olivia's arm as well and steered her inside. As the door closed, the first thing Olivia noticed was how warm the apartment was. Though it wasn't a chilly day outside, even by Olivia's California standards, a fire was blazing in the fireplace--providing most of the light in the room, since heavy curtains were drawn over the windows. Then there was the smell. Mostly incense, as far as Olivia could tell, but it failed to cover several less pleasant odors that still permeated the air. 
Though the light was dim, Olivia could see the room was filled with clutter. Books, half-filled bottles, magazines, catalogues, sewing projects in various stages of completion, boxes of tissues, rolls of wrapping paper, ribbon and countless unidentifiable objects competed for space on the floor and even on a large sofa. The only real article of furniture, besides the sofa, was a red plush chair with lace covers for the arms and back.
"Sit, sit," the woman cried, carrying the package through an arched doorway to a room that was evidently the kitchen.
Sit where? wondered Olivia. The chair was clearly where the woman herself sat. Cautiously, Olivia pushed aside a half-finished scarf or possibly sweater to expose a space on a sofa cushion. It was dark red and velvety, but worn away in patches. She sat on the edge, ready to rush out of the apartment if an opportunity arose. Looking up, she faced a bookshelf that covered all of one wall. It wasn't entirely used to hold books, however. Pottery and glass figurines, brass bells, and shiny trinkets were displayed on the shelves. There was even a glass ball, the kind where snow fell if you shook it. As Olivia looked at it, however, she thought she saw something moving inside.
She was distracted when a striped brown cat appeared out of nowhere and looked her over. Not another one, Olivia thought. But this cat appeared not to find her particularly interesting and soon crept onto a large cushion on the floor, curled up, and closed its eyes.
The woman appeared in the doorway with a tray that held a teapot, two glasses nestled in silver-filigreed holders, and a clear jar that held something thick and brown.
Accomplishing what Olivia thought was impossible, the woman balanced the tray on a wobbly stack of CD cases sitting on a low table. She filled the glasses from the teapot. "This is wakamidori," the woman said. "Green tea from the Himalayas." Olivia was startled to see that unlike all other green tea she'd ever had, this kind really did look green--bright green.
The woman handed her a glass, and Olivia understood why it had a metal handle: because the glass itself was too hot to hold. The aroma of the tea wafted up, somewhat peppery and sharp. "Add some of this honey if you like," the woman said, pointing to the jar. "Of course you know sugar is poison."
Or fattening, Olivia thought. She sipped a little of the tea, which tasted even sharper than it smelled. She reached for the honey jar and stirred a small spoonful into the liquid. It transformed the drink into something so sweet and delicious that Olivia gasped when she tasted it.
"Not too sweet?" the woman asked.
"No, no!" Olivia responded. She thought of asking what kind of honey this was. Looking at the woman, however, Olivia realized she didn't know--
"Excuse me!" the woman said. "I forgot to tell you. I'm Eva McBride. Till and I go back such a long way, I just assume that all her friends know me."
And just like Aunt Tilda, you knew what I was going to say before I said it, thought Olivia.
"It's a skill, dear. You learn how through paying attention."
Olivia laughed, partly in frustration, partly because it was funny in a scary sort of way. "Can you do it with anybody?" she asked. People in the street?"
"Oh, you wouldn't want to do that. You'd be too frightened to step outside in the morning. People have the most terrible thoughts."
"But if you know what people are thinking, could you make them like you?"
"You're thinking of a boy, aren't you?" Eva asked sympathetically.
Olivia sighed and felt her face redden.
"Love is much more complicated than that, dear," said Eva. "If you knew what he was thinking, you might not love him so much."
"He thinks about comic books, as far as I know," said Olivia.
Eva sipped her tea. "You'll want to be there when he looks up from the comic."
"He may never look up."
"I suppose you can't light a candle near him."
"Not in school."
"No, certainly not. Fire regulations." She took another sip and looked over at Olivia. "Like some more tea?"
Olivia noticed that she had already finished her glass without even thinking. "Sure," she said. "Where does that honey come from?"
"A friend gathers it for me," Eva replied. She filled Olivia's glass, and waited until Olivia added the honey. Then she pointed to the shelf and said, "Why don't you just fetch down that crystal for me?"
"The snowball?"
"Mm. You see it."
Olivia set her tea down carefully and reached for the glass ball. It was larger than the ones she'd seen before, and there wasn't any little house inside either. In fact, it seemed cloudy now, as if smoke had gotten trapped inside.
She held it out to Eva, who shook her head. "You hold it, dear. Balance it on your knees and look into it."
"I don't see anything," Olivia complained.
"Pay attention, dear. Pay close attention and think of this boy."
Olivia felt stupid, but since nobody could see her, why not?
She stared into the glass. Pay attention, she told herself and tried to remember what Alex looked like. The smoke swirled around. What caused it to move? Then a very clear picture of Alex popped into in her mind, standing by the limo reading his dumb comic book. No, it wasn't a limo any more. A chair. He was sitting in a chair. In his room. She wasn't imagining this. She stared into the globe, and there he was. Right there. She jumped a little, and Eva saw it.
"Tell him hello," Eva said.
This is positively the stupidest thing I've ever done. She took a breath and said, "Hello, Alex."
He looked up. He recognized her. She could tell he did, even though he was just a tiny figure inside the ball. His lips moved, but she couldn't hear him.
"What's he saying?" Olivia asked, glancing over at Eva. But that broke the spell. When she looked back at the ball, there was nothing but smoke again. Olivia gave a little cry. "Where did he go? Can I get him back?"
"No need," said Eva. "Finish your tea, now. It'll relax you."
"But I don't want to relax! How can I bring Alex back?"
"Well, you can always think about him in your mind. A wonderful thing, imagination. I have a book on it somewhere." She looked around the room, as if it were possible to find anything here.
"But that's not the same! And he said something to me, but I couldn't hear it."
"Well, you said hello to him, and he no doubt responded. The beginning of a conversation." Eva pointed at the glass. "Don't let the tea get cold."
Olivia sipped it, trying to recall exactly what had happened. "He saw me too," she said. "I'm sure of it. Will he remember?"
"Not in the way you mean," said Eva. "But he will be thinking of you."
"And what will he think?"
"I'm sure you'll be the first to find out." 
Olivia finished her tea and started to put her glass down, but found that she had trouble setting it down on the table in front of her. Eva gave her a concerned look. "Will you be able to get home all right?"
"What? Sure, it's only down the street." Nobody here thinks I'm capable of taking care of myself.
But when she stood up, she did feel slightly different than before. Very calm. I shouldn't be calm, she told herself. After what happened. But I am. Then she giggled. Which annoyed her.
Chapter Five
On the way back to Tilda's house, Olivia felt very tired. She tried to recall everything that had happened at Eva's, but it was fading from her memory already. Right now, the greatest desire she had was to lie down and rest.
As soon as she opened the door of the house, she smelled food. Aunt Tilda was evidently finished with the herbs and was now making something good to eat. When Olivia entered the kitchen, she saw a very large pot on the stove--so large that it covered two burners. She reached out to lift the lid to see inside, but Aunt Tilda called out, "Leave it be, Olivia." She was peeling vegetables at the butcher block table. "You have to keep the lid on till it's ready," she explained.
"Are we having company?" Olivia asked.
"Some old friends of mine," said Tilda. "Probably bore you to death. You can stay in your room and watch TV if you want."
Olivia's feeling were a little hurt. Didn't Tilda want her friends to see what her niece looked like? Olivia was certainly curious about them.
"Did you and Eva have a little chat?" asked Tilda.
More than a chat, Olivia thought, but she didn't feel like talking about that now.
"Doesn't look her age, does she?" asked Tilda.
"I don't know," answered Olivia. "How old is she?"
Tilda shook her head as if she were annoyed at herself for mentioning it. "Old enough," she said. "None of us are getting any younger. Did you have some of her tea?"
"Yes."
"It's very relaxing. Why don't you go upstairs and rest? I'll bring you something to eat later."
Olivia would normally have resisted, but the thought of the comfortable feather bed was enough to make her agree. When she reached her bedroom, she looked around to make sure Julius wasn't in sight, and then shut the door firmly and locked it.
She kicked off her shoes and lay down on the bed. It was wonderfully soft, better than ever. There were so many things to think about, but the last image in her mind before she fell asleep was Alex. She tried to hear what he was saying....

Olivia opened her eyes. It was pitch dark. How long had she slept? Not long enough, because she was still tired. She realized she hadn't changed out of her clothes, but didn't feel like getting up to do it.
Had she eaten dinner? She didn't think so, but wasn't hungry. Why hadn't Aunt Tilda--
She heard a sound. That was what had awakened her. Singing. Not like regular music, though. Sort of like...church music, only different. It was a bunch of people, and their voices weren't the greatest, but they kept together. A birthday party? No, the sound rose and fell as if...it were leading somewhere.
And it wasn't far away. Slowly, Olivia forced herself to get up. Her body was telling her to forget it, to relax, to lie back down on that wonderful bed.
No, she told herself. I want to see. She got to her feet and felt dizzy for a second, but then steadied herself and went to the window. The curtains had been pulled shut. She couldn't remember doing that, but who else would have?
She pulled one side of the curtains aside and looked down into Aunt Tilda's back yard, with its garden and terrace. There were lots and lots of candles burning down there, and Olivia could see a group of people forming a circle, holding hands as they sang.
She blinked. None of them was wearing clothes. You couldn't see very much from up here, but enough to tell they were naked, even with only the candlelight to see by. There was Aunt Tilda, no mistake about that. And several of the other singers were men. Ew.
Not that any of them had a body you'd want to look at. But no one seemed to have a weird attitude about it. When Olivia had been twelve, her mother had let her have a play date with a boy named Harry Franks. His father was a big executive at one of the studios, and Mother wanted to land a role in one of his pictures. Harry, also twelve or maybe a little older, had suggested that Olivia take off her clothes. "I'll do it too," he said. She had known that was weird, and made sure she spent the rest of the afternoon near one of the household staff. When Mother didn't get the role, Olivia secretly felt it had been her fault, but she never told anybody about it.
This wasn't that kind of naked. The funny thing about what was going on in the back yard was that nobody seemed to pay attention to the fact that they were naked. It was as if they'd just forgotten to get dressed, and decided to make the best of it. The important thing, to them, was something else. Singing? Olivia couldn't make out the words.
Olivia realized that she had leaned forward so far that her forehead rested against the window glass. She closed her eyes, even though she wanted to keep watching. There wasn't really anything to see. She went back to bed and pulled the quilt over her ears so she couldn't hear the singing. She decided that the whole thing was weird after all.

When the morning sunlight came through the window, Olivia was glad to find that she wasn't tired any more. She stripped off yesterday's clothes and got into the shower, letting the water get really hot. Standing there, she remembered Eva's apartment and the glass ball and...the tea.
Was that why she'd slept so long? The tea. It must have been, but why would-- She froze as she understood what had happened. Aunt Tilda had sent Olivia down the street to get drugged up so she wouldn't be awake for the little sex party that was scheduled.
She just stood there for a few seconds, feeling totally betrayed. But what could she do? Her parents were somewhere in the Egyptian desert, and even if she could reach them, what were they going to say if Olivia just announced she'd rather go skiing after all? As far as they were concerned, she was now in the care of an adult. Aunt Tilda. The drug dealer and sex maniac.
Calm down, Olivia told herself. If she was thinking all this when she went downstairs, Tilda would know because she could read Olivia's mind. So could Eva. In fact, they might be reading her mind right now. The thought chilled her and she turned the hot water on higher. 
How did they do that? She tried to remember what Eva had said. Pay attention. Yeah, right. Nothing to it.
O.K., so the thing to do was to think about something else whenever she was around Aunt Tilda. That might be hard, but Olivia had to give it a try.
She dried off, found fresh clothes, and decided that the best thing to occupy her mind was...Alex. Before she left the bedroom, she took a long look at the poster of Matthew McConaughey and with a mental apology to Matthew for her unfaithfulness, she substituted Alex's face for his. In her mind.
Hold that thought, Olivia told herself.

"Good morning, Olivia," said Aunt Tilda. "How are you feeling?"
After being drug--alex alex alex alex. "All right." alex
"You were sleeping so soundly that I didn't try to wake you for dinner. You must be starving."
That shouldn't surprise you alex alex alex alex.
Aunt Tilda gave her a funny look. "Would you like me to make a three-egg omelet this morning?"
alex alex alex. "That'd be O.K."
Aunt Tilda set to work breaking the eggs and blending in the three tablespoons of water. "Did you meet anyone at school yesterday?"
alex alex. "Sort of." alex
With a clang, Tilda brought the skillet down from its hook on the wall. She put a lump of butter in it. "Is he nice?"
alex alex alex. "Who?"
"The boy you met."
"Did I say it was a boy?" alex alex
More clanging as Tilda shook the skillet, maybe a little harder than she usually did.
"Well," said Tilda as she slid the omelet onto a plate, "Is he a boy?"
alex alex alex "You don't have to worry. He doesn't know I exist."
"I didn't mean--"
"Let's not talk about it, O.K.?" alex alex alex
"Whatever you like, Olivia. Maybe you had too much sleep."
And whose fault--alex alex alex ALEX.

They didn't say too much more to each other as Olivia ate breakfast. Then, thankfully, the phone rang. It was René calling on his cell to say he was outside. Olivia grabbed her backpack and was out the door without saying goodbye. She knew that was rude, but she was exhausted from trying to concentrate on Alex. He was incredibly gorgeous, but his personality seemed--so far--nonexistent. In California, when Olivia would daydream about stars like Matthew McConaughey, she would just drift in and out of the moment, feeling snug and safe and warm. But forcing herself to think about nothing but Alex was a little like trying to eat too much whipped cream.
She hoped René didn't read minds, because she wanted to think seriously about what had been going on. Of course the first thing that came into her mind was the circle of people singing in Aunt Tilda's back yard. Naked. The image of Aunt Tilda, naked, wasn't the best way to start the day. And the rest of them...just a lot of stuff bouncing around that nobody could want to look at. Would they? But if the point of it wasn't sex, then what else would you concentrate on if everybody was naked? Maybe they were all drunk? Except...when Olivia's parents got drunk, they turned vicious and fought with each other. They sure didn't sing. If only.
And then....now Olivia really had to concentrate, because the whole business about seeing Alex in a glass ball was kind of hazy. It was if she was scared to think about it. She remembered seeing this cloudy stuff, like smoke, and then all of a sudden there he was. It really was him. But wait. The tea. Of course. Who knew what was in that stuff? It made her sleep like fourteen hours, so probably it gave her hallucinations, like LSD or something.
"Did you learn a lot yesterday?" René said over his shoulder.
More than I wanted to, thought Olivia. But at least she felt a little better now that she'd figured it out. She just had to be very careful about what she drank and ate from now on. Would LSD really make me go crazy? Who would tell me if I did?

At school, she was thankful not to run into anybody she knew. She actually made her way to her locker without the help of a personal assistant and then found the paper on which she'd written the combination of the lock. She felt a small sense of accomplishment when it opened on the first try. O.K., she thought. I need social studies, math, and English books. Check. Leave backpack here. Check. Close door and lock. See, I can do it.
She turned and bumped into somebody who was standing too close to her. Taking a step back, she saw who it was and said, "Aaaaa." She couldn't help herself.
It was Alex.
"Hi," he said, smiling. He had a great smile. She knew he would.
"What are you doing here?" she whispered, looking around to see if anybody was watching. For a second she thought she might be imagining this, but no, he'd been solid when she bumped into him.
"I thought I'd show you where the classes are," he said. Big smile, looking goofy now.
"Stop smiling," she told him.
He obeyed immediately, looking worried. "Did I do something wrong?" he asked.
"No, but I know where the classes are. I was here yesterday, remember?"
"Sure I do." He stepped closer. Too close. She stepped back. "You're Livia," he said.
"Not Livia," she corrected. "O-livia. Livia is a character from some Roman TV series." Her mother had the whole series on DVD, and loved it for some reason. Maybe because the family in it was always arguing.
"O-livia," he repeated carefully. "I'm Alex."
"Yes, I know." Wolverine.
"We could sit next to each other." He took her hand before she could stop him. He had a big hand. Strong. He could probably crush hers as if it were a bird. It gave her a warm feeling to have him hold it. He turned and led her down the corridor and she hurried to keep from being dragged. Maybe I'm going crazy after all, she thought.
That was pretty much the general reaction when they entered Mr. Feldstein's classroom, still clutching hands. People in the front rows gaped at them. Paul was the first to recover, and he gave her a wink and the O.K. sign. Dulcimer, naturally, stuck out her tongue. But the best reaction, as far as Olivia was concerned, was Madison's. She gave them a look that, if the spirit behind it had been more powerful, could have killed.
Alex found two empty desks together in the back row. He shoved his close enough to Olivia's so they were practically sitting on each other's laps. Apparently it was Alex's idea that they would keep their hands together for the rest of the day, but hers was getting sweaty, so she pulled free. Then she realized that everybody else had turned to watch them.
Mr. Feldstein entered the room, dressed in stockings under knee-length shorts, a long red brocade jacket trimmed with fur, and a hat that looked like a sailor cap, only it was black and silver. He also wore several big rings on both hands. The spectacle at least partially drew the class's attention away from Alex and Olivia. 
"Who knows who I am?" asked Mr. Feldstein.
If anybody had a clue, they were keeping it a secret. Maybe he's a tennis player from the Middle Ages, thought Olivia.
"Here's a hint," said Mr. Feldstein. He pulled a sheet of pictures from a folder and held it up. It had six women's faces on it. "These are my wives."
"He must be a Mormon," somebody said, but others disagreed. Paul raised his hand, and Mr. Feldstein nodded in his direction.
"Henry the Eighth," Paul announced. Oh, right, Olivia thought. There had been a TV series about him. If she'd watched more TV, she'd be more equipped to "achieve the Knickerbocker's standards," as the snotty assistant in the main office had said.
"Now, does anybody know why he had so many wives?" asked Mr. Feldstein.
Alex reached over and took Olivia's hand again. She decided she wouldn't make a scene about it. Then he leaned closer and whispered in her ear, "Because he liked sex." Despite herself, Olivia giggled.
This unfortunately caught Mr. Feldstein's attention, even though they were sitting in the last row. "Yes, Alex?" he called. "You had an idea?"
Just shut up, thought Olivia desperately, giving Alex a meaningful look.
His skull must have been made of steel, however--impervious to all outside thought waves. "I said because he liked sex!" he announced, clearly proud of his clever deduction.
The class roared, most of them turning to look at Olivia, who had actually inspired Alex to think--about sex.
When things quieted down, Mr. Feldstein said, "You're absolutely correct, Alex. He did like sex."
Alex beamed and looked over at Olivia proudly, as if he had discovered sex.
"But Henry was the king of England. He could get plenty of sex without marrying six times," said Mr. Feldstein. "What was another thing that he wanted his wife to give him?"
Several people glanced over their shoulders, and then whispered to each other, obviously comparing Alex and Olivia to Henry and his wives. Can we just get off this subject? Olivia thought.
Well, it turned out that the other thing Henry wanted was a son. He had two daughters, but they weren't good enough for him, sexist pig. So because of that he kept divorcing or executing one wife after another. Olivia looked at the picture of the actual Henry VIII in the social studies book and decided he was gross and ugly. There were some things you wouldn't want to do with him, even if he was a king. Especially marry him. Or have...ew.
They moved on to math class, with Alex still leading Olivia as if she needed a seeing-eye dog. Fortunately, Mr. Haber didn't ask many questions in class, and certainly nothing relating to sex. He just wrote equations and symbols on the board, being careful where he stepped. Those students who cared, took notes. The rest checked their Blackberries and cell phones or texted each other. Alex held Olivia's hand and stared at her. Constantly.
It was halfway through Mr. Haber's class that Olivia realized what had happened. She sat up and gave Alex a startled look. He raised his eyebrows and smiled, evidently assuming she had just discovered his charms.
Alex hadn't all of a sudden woken up and decided she was the most desirable girl in the universe. (Obviously, she wasn't.) This all had something to do with the crystal ball! Olivia racked her brain, trying to remember what Eva had said. Olivia had asked her if Alex would remember Olivia saying hello to him--or anyway, to the little Alex inside the ball. And Eva had said...what? "Not in the way you mean."
Was it possible? No! it But then what other explanation could there be for Alex suddenly discovering girls--and Olivia, of all girls? Did boys reach puberty that quickly? Overnight?
She stared at him again, but he took it as encouragement, and now he began to stroke her hand. She pulled it away, and wrote on a sheet of paper: What's your cellphone number?
He wrote it down and passed the paper back. She took out her cell and dialed. Fortunately, his was on vibrate and it didn't ring. He took it out and flipped it open. She texted him:
WHAT DID U DO YESTERDAY AFTER SCHOOL
It took him longer than she expected to read this, and then he leaned over and said, "We can just talk. Mr. Haber won't care."
Olivia shook her head firmly and texted again:
I DONT WANT ANYONE TO HEAR
Alex looked uncomfortable, but tried. She could see he wasn't used to texting. Then her screen showed:
I WENT HOM
She typed back: 
WHAT ELSE
She could see him strain for an answer. Clearly, thinking of sex had exhausted his supply of brain cells for the day. Finally:
RED MY BUKS
Books?
Alex could see by the expression on Olivia's face that she didn't understand, so he added: 
X-MEN
Oh, X-Men. Comic books. Fine. Olivia recalled that he was reading in the glass ball when she saw him and said hello. So she texted:
DID ANYTHING STRANGE HAPPEN
After reading this, Alex looked at her and nodded vigorously. Olivia was excited. Obviously whatever happened had made an impression on him. TELL ME, she typed. Then he sent back:
WOLVRIN WAS CAPTURD BY MAGNETO
Riiight. O.K., she was not going to find out anything from texting. But Alex was getting fond of it, because he sent another:
I NO WHAT UR THINKIN
Well, why not? Olivia thought. Everybody else does. She shot back: 
WHAT
He responded:
THAT HAPEND A LONG TIME AGGO
She shrugged. Technically, it happened in a comic book. But then Alex explained:
I HAVE NEERLY AL THE X-MEN BUKS
Olivia nodded slightly. He would, no doubt. But when Alex saw she didn't get what he meant, he added:
SUMTIMS I REED THE OLD WUNS
Olivia snapped her cell shut and pressed it against her forehead. Going crazy was worse than she expected. Particularly when you're aware of it.
Seeing she was upset, Alex took her hand again and patted it. Well, Olivia thought, worse things could happen. Then she froze. Don't even go there, she told herself.
Math class ended, and she allowed t herself to be led to Ms. Noyes's classroom. As before, Alex chose desks for them in the back of the room. Olivia sat there, wondering how long Alex would remain this devoted to her. Sometimes after her parents had a fight, her father would send Mother flowers or buy her jewelry so he could move back into the house. But that lovey-dovey period never lasted more than...a week? Maybe not even that long.
Ms. Noyes entered the room and noticed that everybody had turned their heads to watch Alex and Olivia. When she saw the two of them, she frowned and snapped her fingers. "None of that, young man," she said. "Keep your hands to yourself, please." 
Alex was reluctant to release his prize. He even squeezed Olivia's hand harder. "She doesn't mind," he said. "She likes it."
Calls of "wooo-wooo" erupted through the room, giving Olivia no chance to deny it.
"Olivia," Ms. Noyes said. "Move your books up here." She pointed to a vacant desk in the front row. Alex reluctantly released her hand. "She can't keep us apart forever," he said, loud enough for people to hear.
Olivia felt everyone's eyes on her as she walked to the front. She thought of the promos for her parents' movie: The greatest lovers since Antony and Cleopatra. Not as great as the story of Alex and Olivia.
She plopped herself in the desk Ms. Noyes had pointed out, and resolved that she would not take her eyes off the floor for the rest of the period. This time, Ms. Noyes called the roll, so she could find out what the actual names of the students were. That settled, she told them to open their textbooks to page 43. Olivia did and found another poem there. Ms. Noyes was evidently poem-mad.
Worse than that, Ms. Noyes announced, "I want everyone to memorize this poem for Friday."
Stunned silence. Followed by cries of protest. Olivia was surprised. What a bunch of babies! Memorizing lines wasn't that hard. Olivia had sometimes sat with a script, checking her mother. If Bedelia Yearwood can memorize a scene, believe me, anybody can.
Hands went up. When Olivia heard Ms. Noyes say, "Yes, Madison?" she had to break her vow to look only at the floor. Madison's expression made it seem like she was doing Ms. Noyes a favor. Her voice, however, sounded like a cat meowing:
"Ms. Noyes, we never memorize at the Knickerbocker."
"Never?" Ms. Noyes sounded a little surprised.
"It's bad educational practice, my father says. Rote learning."
"Is your father a teacher?"
Madison paused, as if she were astonished that anyone could be ignorant of her father's position. "He's the managing partner of Lispenard, Hartings, and Sperber," she said.
"That's a law firm," said Ms. Noyes.
Madison merely smirked, as if that were too obvious to mention.
"Excuse me if I'm missing something," said Ms. Noyes, "but how does that make him an authority on educational practice?"
Olivia heard a few gasps around the room. Madison herself blinked several times. Evidently she wasn't used to being challenged, even by teachers. Or having her father challenged either.
"Let's discuss memorization for a moment," said Ms. Noyes. "Suppose you want to learn a foreign language. Obviously you must memorize a certain amount of vocabulary. It helps if you have experience at memorizing information earlier."
Madison evidently considered this too feeble an argument to comment on. However, Muffin raised her hand. Ms. Noyes nodded in her direction.
"My father says that there's no need to learn foreign languages because everybody who comes to this country has to learn English," Muffin said. "We never employ help who don't speak English."
A sad little smile flickered over Ms. Noyes' face. "But what if you wanted to visit a foreign country?" she asked.
"Everybody in the good hotels speaks English too," replied Muffin. "I've been all over Europe, and that's true," she added smugly.
Ms. Noyes turned and walked toward the teacher's desk. Evidently she needed something to lean on. "In any case," she said, "I think that you will find that memorizing great literature--whether a poem, a passage from Shakespeare, or a brief quotation from great prose--will enrich your lives. You'll just have to take my word for it, as long as I'm the teacher."
Olivia felt the atmosphere in the classroom turn hostile. Mutterings spread around the room, but nobody continued to battle against memorization, at least openly.
However, nobody volunteered any answers either, as Ms. Noyes directed them toward another part of the book and began to discuss ways of writing clearly. Any questions that she asked hung in the air, and if she called on a specific person to answer, all she got was an "I don't know." Olivia returned to floor-gazing and managed not to be noticed.
By the time the bell rang, Ms. Noyes was looking fairly frustrated, but she said to Olivia, "Please stay here until the others have left. I'd like to talk to you."
Me? Olivia thought. Haven't I been punished enough?
Alex made sure he was the last student to leave. In the doorway, he turned and said to Olivia, "I'll be right outside." Where you can hear my cries for help if she tries to tear out my fingernails, Olivia thought.
Ms. Noyes closed the door and sat in the desk next to Olivia, acting like they were friends. "Olivia, I know how it feels to enter a new school and try to fit in."
Doesn't look like you're doing such a great job of it yourself, Olivia thought. She didn't reply, however, and Ms. Noyes continued. "But you shouldn't form attachments just so you can say you have a boy friend."
Olivia frowned. You mean Alex? "I didn't--" she started to say, but then realized how it must look: the hottest looking guy in the class shows up on the second day of school with Minnie Mouse attached at the hip. Or anyway, attached at the hand. She must be giving him something, right?
"You don't understand," Olivia managed to say. She wanted to cry, but forced herself not to. Assume control, she reminded herself. What dumb advice that was.
"I do understand, or at least I want to," said Ms. Noyes.
"Alex just...showed up at my locker," Olivia explained. And of course I attracted him by staring into a crystal ball.
Ms. Noyes smiled sympathetically at this poor attempt at a lie. "Really, there are nice people here who will want to be your friends if you let them."
"Like Madison?" It was kind of a jab at Ms. Noyes, but Olivia couldn't resist.
"Madison is popular, that's very clear," said Ms. Noyes. "But perhaps it's better to have one or two really good friends."
"Nobody likes the popular people," said Olivia. Then she laughed as she remembered who had said it first.
Ms. Noyes looked surprised. "Well, let's not go that far," she said.
Olivia stood up. "I do have friends, Ms. Noyes," she said. "Not only Alex. I can figure out what to do about him."
Clearly doubting this, Ms. Noyes replied, "If you ever want to talk to someone, Olivia, I'm always willing to listen."
Olivia smiled and took that as an exit line.
Chapter Six
Alex, surprise surprise, was waiting. "What did she say?" he asked.
"Nothing." Olivia had decided how to drive him away. It shouldn't be hard. First, be bossy.
"We're going to go get some pizza at Ray's," she said.
He took her hand. "I know where that is." She tried to pull away, but it was like getting out of a trap. Of course it was harder because she had to practically run to keep up with him.
When they reached Ray's, Dulcimer and Paul were already sitting in a booth, waiting for their order. Alex saw them and headed toward the other side of the restaurant. "Wait," Olivia said. "I want to sit with them."
Alex leaned close to her ear and said, "He's gay and she's a freak."
"Well, they're my friends and if you want to be my friend, you'll sit with them."
He hesitated, but only for a moment before shrugging and going along. Olivia shook her head. This might be more difficult than she thought.
Paul and Dulcimer looked at them with undisguised curiosity as they sat down. Clearly they wanted to ask questions.
"Go order a pizza," Olivia told Alex. "With anchovies."
"I don't like anchovy," he complained. "I like sausage."
"But I want anchovies," Olivia said, trying to sound as bitchy as she could.
Alex got up and went toward the counter.
By now Paul and Dulcimer were staring at her, their eyes open wide. "I understand now," said Paul. "He wanted a dominatrix all along. A shame I couldn't have figured that out. I love wearing leather."
"I'm trying to drive him away," Olivia whispered.
"Let me clue you in: it's not working," Paul whispered back. He turned to Dulcimer. "Does she look like anybody in the X-Men? That must be what it is."
"Never been a fan of the X-Men," said Dulcimer. "But she better have superpowers to deal with Madison."
"What's Madison got to do with it?" Olivia asked.
"She and Alex have been going out ever since sixth grade," Dulcimer said. "Until today, that is."
Olivia groaned. "So that's why she looked so angry."
"Don't worry," said Paul. "She'll just spread stories about what a slut you had to be to get Alex to dump her for you."
"Really?" Olivia said. "Would anybody believe her?" Of couse they would, she thought.
"Maybe worse things than that. Madison is very creative."
"She might put a curse on you," said Dulcimer in a scary voice.
"Why do you say that?" Olivia said, a little too loudly. She was thinking of the crystal ball.
Dulcimer put up her hands. "Chill out. It's just because she's such a witch."
Just then Alex returned with the pizza. He had bought two of them: one with anchovies for Olivia and another with sausage for himself. 
"How could you get your pizzas so fast?" Paul asked. "We ordered before you did."
"I gave the counter guy a tip," said Alex. He smiled proudly at Olivia, who was irritated nevertheless.
"If you really liked me, you'd eat the anchovies," she said. Listening to what she sounded like, Olivia even hated herself. How much of this could Alex stand?
He just reached out with both hands: he squeezed her hand with one while picking up a piece of pizza (sausage) with the other. Biting into it, he gave her an affectionate look.
"Don't smile while you're chewing," she said.
His smile turned into a frown. A respectful frown.
"Excuse me, Alex," interrupted Paul. "But why are you putting up with this?"
Alex looked at him as if he thought the answer was obvious. "If you knew anything about girls," Alex said, "you'd understand." 
"Well, since I only have three sisters and have gone to school with girls since I was two years old, I guess I must have missed something," replied Paul. "Let me in on the secret."
"You have to be patient with them," said Alex. "Because of their circle."
The other three at the table exchanged blank stares. Then Dulcimer said, "I think he means...cycle."
"Oh, gross," exploded Olivia. "That's just soooo insulting. I don't want to sit with you any more, Alex. Take your pizza and get out."
He looked stricken, as if someone had died. "I'm sorry," he said. Unable to stop himself, he added, "But it's true."
"Out! Get out!" she shouted.
Slowly, with his eyes cast down, he stood up and piled all the pieces of the sausage pizza on top of each other. He left the anchovy pieces behind, and went outside.
Dulcimer peered over Olivia's shoulder. "He's sitting down on the sidewalk. I think he's going to wait for you."
"What can I do?" Olivia pleaded. "He won't leave me alone."
"Well, you must have done something to start this," said Paul.
Olivia sighed. Yes, she had.

Alex followed them back to the school. For the rest of the afternoon, he continued to sit next to Olivia, except for gym class, which the girls took separately. But there was no peace for her even there. While they were changing into their gym uniforms, Madison came over to Olivia and looked at her. Olivia felt like she was undergoing inspection, as if Madison were trying to see what it was she had missed.
"How is it that you and Alex have become so...close?" Madison asked. "All of a sudden."
There were a thousand answers that Olivia could have given. Some of them might have helped her to make friends with Madison. She could have made fun of Alex and she and Madison could then have agreed that boys were goofy. But instead, Olivia said,
"I cast a magic spell over him."
Even though this was pretty close to the truth, Madison took it as sarcasm. She pursed her lips, turned her back, and walked away. Dumb, Olivia said to herself. What a dumb thing to say.
When they chose up sides for a game of dodgeball, Olivia figured she'd be the last picked. Madison was one of the captains, and the other was a girl named Jessica, who was nearly as popular as Madison. The last two waiting to be chosen were Dulcimer and Olivia, and Dulcimer remarked: "You're really making it tough for me to be the most unpopular person in the class."
In fact, she lost the title right then, when Madison chose her over Olivia.
The only games Olivia had played much at home were golf and tennis. Dodgeball was different, although Olivia got the hang of it pretty quickly. All you had to do was stay out of the way of the person on the other team who had the ball. At the beginning, there was so much shrieking and chaotic running from one side of the court to the other, that dodging the throws wasn't difficult. Gradually, however, each side lost its players until there were only four left: Olivia and Jessica on one team, and Madison and Muffin on the other. 
Muffin had had to take off her glasses for this game, but she was quick enough to last this long. It looked to Olivia as if the reason Madison had stayed in the game was that nobody ever tried to hit her with the ball. Naturally Olivia made that her main goal. She flung the ball hard in Madison's direction, but Madison jumped out of the way. Then it was Madison's turn to throw and Olivia knew that the ball would be coming right back at her. 
It did, and Madison guessed which way Olivia would jump so the only thing Olivia could do was drop to the floor. The ball swished overhead, barely missing her. Jessica recovered it, and threw it back so quickly that she managed to score a hit on Muffin.
That left Madison as the only remaining player on that team. She wound up and aimed at Olivia. Madison wasn't trying to be tricky now. She wanted to hurt, and as a result Olivia had no trouble dodging the throw. Now it was her turn again.
Olivia's golf teacher had shown her how to create spin on the ball so that it would go right or left if the green wasn't directly in front of her. She decided that might work with dodgeball as well. Madison had moved to her right to evade Olivia's last throw. Maybe she'd do it again. So Olivia put a spin on her throw--and sure enough, it curved right into Madison, just as Madison dodged right.
Olivia started jumping up and down. She couldn't help herself. She looked at her teammate, thinking Jessica would want to celebrate too. For a second it seemed like she would. But she caught a look from Madison, and turned away from Olivia.
Wow, thought Olivia. Madison really runs things here. You aren't even allowed to beat her in games.
Dulcimer walked over and put her arm around Olivia. "Your team lost," Olivia pointed out.
"My friend won," said Dulcimer. She stuck out her tongue. By now, Olivia knew it was a friendly gesture.

The school was so fancy that there were separate shower stalls for each girl in the gym class. Outside each stall, a fluffy white towel was placed on a stool. Olivia deliberately took a long shower, so she wouldn't have to dress with any of Madison's friends. When she turned off the water and stepped out, however, she found a note on top of her towel:
WE DON'T LIKE YOU.
Olivia knew that was supposed to just destroy her life forever, but the truth was, she didn't like them very much either. Even so, her eyes filled with angry tears.
She got back at Madison the only way she could think of. In the last class of the day, she sat next to Alex and was nice to him. It really wasn't that hard. Just looking at him gave her tingles. She only had to smile occasionally and let him hold her hand. Olivia caught Madison looking angrily in their direction once, and that was her reward.
After school, when Olivia was looking for René's taxi, Alex came up to her. "Want to come over to my house?" he asked.
Something warned Olivia not to rush things, although she was tempted. "Well, I have a cab that's supposed to take me to my aunt's," Olivia said.
"That's all right," Alex said. "Our chauffeur will take you home later. He has to do what I say."
This was the drawback to giving Alex any encouragement. For a second, Olivia felt like giving in. He was soooo good-looking. So she told him, "I promised my aunt I'd go shopping with her."
"Oh." Clearly shopping wasn't Alex's favorite thing. "How about tomorrow?"
"Maybe," said Olivia. "My aunt's pretty strict." It crossed her mind that Alex might want to come over and watch Tilda and her friends run around naked.
He took it fairly well and went off. René pulled up in the cab. On the way home, Olivia wondered if she had made a mistake. The day before, she was wishing Alex would just notice her. Today, she turned down an invitation to his house.
She knew what was wrong: Alex's sudden affection wasn't real. Or at least she didn't think it was. But Olivia couldn't exactly go back to Eva's house and ask. Eva would only offer her a cup of her special tea and then everything would look just wonderful.

Olivia unlocked the ground floor entrance door and prepared to start thinking of Alex every time Aunt Tilda tried to read her mind. That wouldn't be difficult, because there was so much more about Alex to occupy her mind now.
But Tilda wasn't even there. She had left a note on the kitchen table: GONE TO DO SOME ERRANDS. EAT ANYTHING YOU FIND IN THE PANTRY.
Olivia read it twice and looked up, thinking of all the rooms in the house. She couldn't recall ever being left alone anywhere before. At home, there was always a cook and housekeeper and the chauffeurs and so on. Then she jumped. Something furry had rubbed across her leg.
Julius, of course. Olivia was never truly alone as long as Aunt Tilda's watch-cat was roaming around. She opened the pantry door and looked at the shelves. Plenty of fruit, from fresh oranges and apples to dried figs and raisins. Potatoes, onions, mushrooms, garlic. Cans of cat food. Hmmm.
She showed the cans to Julius. They had different colored labels, depending on what was inside. He looked them over and then put his paw on one with a purple label. Olivia read the contents: liver and bacon. Yuck. She shrugged. Well, whatever turns you on.
She found a can opener and soon the tasty aroma of liver and bacon hit her nostrils. Must be fish liver, she thought. She waved the can at Julius and started for the door to the garden. But he didn't follow.
"What's wrong now?" she asked. "It's nice outside. You'll enjoy it."
Julius walked to the corner of the kitchen where his dish was. It was empty. He looked at it and back to Olivia. 
She got the idea. "O.K., Julius, I wouldn't eat out of a can with nasty sharp edges either." She picked up the dish and carried it outside with her. This time, Julius followed.
There were paving stones forming a flat area right outside. The garden itself, with all kinds of plants Olivia didn't recognize, was a little farther back. At her feet, Olivia could see a large circle marked in chalk on the stones, This was where the people had been singing the night before. She noticed that Julius avoided the circle, walking carefully around its edge.
As an experiment Olivia set the dish down inside the circle and dumped the cat food into it. She waited. So did Julius. No takers. 
It was creepy enough that Olivia herself started to feel nervous standing inside the circle. She picked up the dish and moved it out so Julius could reach it. Right away, he started eating. And Olivia walked backwards into the house and shut the door. Tightly.
She had no idea how long Aunt Tilda would be gone, so she hurried upstairs to the floor where Tilda's bedroom was. There was a library on this floor too, Olivia recalled, and she wanted to see just what kinds of books were in it.
The first thing she noticed was that it was considerably neater than Eva's book collection. Although the room was completely lined with shelves, there was a rich-looking Oriental rug covering the floor, two comfortable chairs with reading lamps next to them, and a long wooden work table.
Disappointingly, the bookshelves held only books. Olivia had been hoping to find another glass ball--not that she knew exactly what to do with one. If she used it to attract Alex again, maybe he'd start standing in front of Tilda's house until the police had to be called.
She went closer to the shelves and began to scan the titles. First a section with books on herbs, which wasn't surprising. Some of them were in foreign languages. Olivia recognized French, and other titles that were probably Latin. There were a few whose titles were in different scripts, like Arabic and Chinese, and some Olivia didn't even recognize.
More interesting was a large section of books that seemed to be mostly about witches and warlocks. Olivia felt a little chill go up her spine. She took one of the books down and found engraved pictures of witch ceremonies. The people in most of them weren't wearing clothes, just like Tilda and her friends. Witches, she thought. Is that what Tilda is?
Olivia started to read a little bit from one of the books, but most of it was about the goddess of nature, called the Lady, and the energy of the universe. There were certain times of the year when the veils between the normal world and the spiritual world became thin, and you could cross then. What good would that do me? Olivia wondered. She decided it would take too much time to find anything useful here, and replaced the book on its shelf.
Another section of the library appeared more promising. Spells and Potions was the first title that caught Olivia's eye. She grabbed it and opened to the first page. However, it began with a long warning about how you had to prepare yourself for using any of the spells in this book. You could release malign spirits into the world. No one should attempt...bla bla bla. She flipped the pages, trying to find out how to get a crazy boy off your case, but the purpose of each spell wasn't clearly marked. You were supposed to figure it out.
She moved on, reading titles. Runes, Tarot, pendulum reading, premonitions, voices from the void, crystals....All very interesting, but confusing. It would take her days just to figure out what the titles meant. She looked up, and saw on the top shelf, right under the ceiling, a book bound in dark red leather. The title was embossed in gold, but at first she couldn't see it clearly. Then a sunbeam shone through the window on the opposite wall and fell on the book's spine, illuminating the title so Olivia could read it: THE ENOCHIAN MAGICK OF DR. JOHN DEE.
That sounded interesting, but the book was far out of her reach. She looked around and found a stepladder that she slid over to where the book was. Even so, the ladder had only three steps--not quite enough for her to reach the top shelf. She stood on her tiptoes atop the ladder and stretched out...
And the book seemed to fall out of its place and into her hand. She was so startled that she almost dropped it. But she didn't, and opened it to the first page. The title was there, along with an explanation that Dr. John Dee, astrologer to the court of Queen Elizabeth, had for many years communicated with spirits and devised a system of magick that he had used to help the Queen prosper and defeat all her enemies both at home and across the seas.
Before Olivia could turn the page, she heard the elevator. Tilda! Olivia slid down from the ladder, but then looked with dismay at the empty space on the top shelf. She wouldn't be able to replace the book, even if she could reach that high. But if she left it on the table, Aunt Tilda would realize Olivia had been there.
Still holding it, she rushed into the hallway. The elevator was chugging its way from the ground floor, so Olivia took the stairs and fled up to her room. She looked around. There was only one place to hide the book: she tucked it under the thick feather mattress.
Now, before she encountered Tilda, she had to put all thoughts of the book out of her head. Olivia gritted her teeth. The only thing she could use to do that was Alex. 
Chapter Seven
Aunt Tilda must have thought Olivia was boy-crazed, but that was all right as long as she didn't know the truth. All through dinner Tilda kept giving her concerned glances, while Olivia continued to imagine lush romantic scenes between her and Alex. If Olivia didn't know the truth, she would have worried about herself too.
Tilda had noticed that Julius had been locked outside, but Olivia excused herself by saying she had wanted to make friends with him. When he seemed hungry she thought the garden would be a much nicer place for him to eat than the kitchen. "I guess I just had my mind on something else when I closed the door," said Olivia. alex alex
"I can well understand that," said Tilda. "But if you want to make friends with Julius, a better way is to toss him his toy mouse."
So after dinner Olivia was forced to play the mouse game. Julius wasn't fooled, however. He kept glaring at Olivia and lashing his tail back and forth. Whenever he went after the mouse, he looked over his shoulder to check on what Olivia was up to.
Finally Olivia told Aunt Tilda that she had homework to do. Fortunately Tilda didn't know that homework at The Knickerbocker was regarded as pretty much the same thing as child abuse. There was the poetry memorization assignment, but Olivia managed to do that in about fifteen minutes.
Julius had followed her upstairs, and when Olivia wanted to check her memorization, she kept saying the poem aloud to him, over and over. He soon got pretty tired of listening to that and went elsewhere. 
Olivia quietly closed the door, turned on her computer and found a site that played rap music. Earlier, she had discovered that Julius didn't like it. Having ensured that she would remain alone, she changed into pajamas and crawled into bed. After waiting for a few minutes just to see if either Julius or Aunt Tilda would come charging in, she felt confident enough to slip the book from its hiding place.
It was in English, but a kind of English that was hard to understand. Sometime there was an f where there should have been an s, and many of the words were strange and unfamiliar. As far as Olivia could make out, however, the early part of the book was a biography of John Dee, Queen Elizabeth's astrologer. A spirit had appeared to him and  told him of a lost book of the Bible, the Book of Enoch, which contained a system of magick. The angel gave Dee a crystal larger than an egg with which he could see into the future.
Olivia's heart beat faster as she realized that she had held a crystal like that only yesterday. Was that really the same thing? Where had Eva gotten hers?
There was lots more about the Book of Enoch, but nothing else about the crystal. Olivia got tired of reading and began to leaf through the rest of the book. It contained charts and diagrams and a whole section on spirits of many types. Apparently Dr. Dee could call on them for help when he needed to. 
At the end of the book was a group of pages that didn't belong with the rest. The paper was different. They were even a little smaller than the earlier pages, as if they had come from another book. Someone had stuck them in here and bound them together with the first part. The first page had a message written in ink that said, "Receipts, Spells, Charms, Potions, and Curses. Use With Great Care." Olivia turned the page eagerly, but she found to her dismay that the entire section was written with some kind of alphabet that she didn't recognize. She turned the pages one by one, looking for a clue as to their meaning, but there was nothing until she reached the last page of the book.
A single sentence was written in ink right in the middle of the page: "Do as thou wilt." I can't do as I wilt unless I understand it, she thought.
Annoyed, and so tired that she could hardly keep her eyes open, Olivia slipped the book under her pillow instead of hiding it underneath the mattress. As soon as she turned off the reading light overhead, she was asleep.
But it was not a restful sleep. She found herself in a dark forest. Overhead she could hear the sounds of beating wings. She looked up to see angels, but they didn't look like the sweet, benevolent angels she'd seen in paintings. They were angry. Olivia felt they were trying to prevent her from finding something. What it was, she didn't know, but she ran on, deeper into the forest.
She sensed that something was pursuing her, and she turned to see that it was Alex. He called for her to wait. He wanted her to meet Wolverine, which suddenly appeared next to him. It was a gold colored cat about ten times the size of Julius, with long steel claws. He was about the last thing Olivia wanted to meet. She told Alex to eat his pizza and ran on.
Then she came into a clearing and an old man sat there on a chair, reading a book. Olivia, for some reason, knew what the book was. "Is that the Book of Enoch?" she asked the man.
He looked up. He had pale blue eyes and a long beard that was as white as milk. "Is this what you're looking for?" he asked. 
"Is that the Book of Enoch?" she asked again. She leaned over him and tried to read the title, but it was in a language she didn't know.
She heard a noise and turned. The angels were swooping down to carry her away, only this time she could see their faces: Madison, Muffin, Jessica, and all the girls from the dodgeball team. They were going to do something to Olivia, something terrible. She didn't want to go with them.
She faced the old man again. "I need the book!" she told him.
"You have to go there first," he said, pointing upward. A wind blew, the tree tops parted and Olivia could see the dark sky. "The stars," said the old man. "You must find which one you are."
Olivia screamed in frustration and then sat up in bed. Darkness surrounded her. She was sweating, and she realized it had been a dream.
She heard a noise, and jumped. Scratching. Something was scratching at her door.
Julius. Suddenly even his company seemed preferable to being alone. She got out of bed, turned on a light, and opened the door. He looked up at her with questions in his eyes. He'd heard her scream. "Come in, then," she called. 
Gingerly he stepped through the doorway and looked around suspiciously. Olivia climbed back into bed and patted the quilt. "Come up and sit here," she called. "I'll pay attention to you and maybe I can tell what you're thinking."
Julius gave her a look that clearly said Are you kidding? and marched with dignity back through the door and into the dark hallway.
"Thanks a bunch," Olivia called after him. "Let me know if you need a favor someday."
She left the light on, and lay awake for a long time before falling asleep again. 

She woke up late. At home, somebody would have knocked on her door to wake her up. That had always annoyed her, but now she was irritated that nobody had done it. Maybe I should just skip school altogether, she thought as she brushed her teeth. Nobody would particularly care, would they? Alex, of course, probably would, but maybe Tilda wouldn't.
The book, she remembered as she was getting dressed. Tilda might find it if Olivia left it under her pillow. And there wasn't really any good hiding place here, so she tucked it into her backpack with the rest of her things.
She rushed downstairs to find breakfast waiting for her. Waffles. With maple syrup. They were too tempting to turn down. "Julius said you had a bad dream," Tilda commented as Olivia began to eat. 
"He would know," Olivia responded.
"Incidentally," said Tilda, "I spoke to Eva this morning."
"Yes?" Olivia responded coldly. Did she send over any tea?
"Actually, she confessed that she let you look in her crystal."
Ice water began to flow through Olivia's veins. She tried to think how to hide her thoughts, and only came up with alex, alex, alex.
"And I assume you saw this boy," Tilda went on.
"Alex?" Olivia asked with an innocent look.
"Yes," Tilda responded. "Alex. Now sometimes when that is done, it causes a certain kind of behavior, stronger or weaker depending on the person who is using the crystal."
"Mm."
"Eva thought that because you had never used it before, the effect would be very slight."
Olivia couldn't help herself. "Listen, are you telling me that you know I attracted Alex with this crystal thing?"
"Well, isn't that so? You seem to have him on your mind quite a bit lately."
"Aunt Tilda, that isn't possible."
"So you didn't observe any effect from him?"
"Well, I did, but I thought--" Olivia wasn't sure just what she thought at this point.
"You thought it must have been a coincidence?"
Shrug. Olivia didn't want to tell Tilda the whole truth. It was embarrassing.
"If he seems too...attentive," Tilda went on, "you should know that the effect will wear off in a few days. Usually."
"Usually?"
"Well, if it doesn't you can go back to Eva and she'll know how to fix things up. She's quite an adept at the crystal. The Irish have a gift for it."
"But I mean, you act as if this was normal," Oliva responded. There, she'd said it.
"It's quite normal, dear. Didn't your mother tell you?"
Olivia felt the same way she had when Tilda had asked if Mother had told her about reincarnation. "No," she admitted. It must have just slipped her mind. One of those little things like flossing after meals that she forgot to mention.
Tilda pursed her lips. "Well, it's all part of the craft. Surely you know...." She looked quizzically at Olivia.
"The craft?" Olivia felt dumber here than she did in school.
"Witchcraft, some people call it. Don't tell me you've never heard of that. People are always telling false tales about witches. Shakespeare's plays are full of them."
Olivia felt a little dizzy. "I think I'm going to be late for school," she said.
"Oh, yes, you wouldn't want to make a bad impression," said Tilda. "That's not the thing to do if you want to be invisible. But I'm very glad we had this talk. Now I know there are some things I need to explain to you."
I'll say, Olivia thought, grabbing her backpack.  A twinge of guilt went through her as she felt the extra weight of the book she'd sto--borrowed from Aunt Tilda's library.

On the way to school, Olivia kept wanting to take the book out and read some more, but she was afraid that René would see it. He was chatty today, wouldn't you know. Talking about his school days and how he'd walked many kilometers from his parents' village to get there.
Olivia really was a few minutes late and she had no time to do anything but collect her things for morning classes and rush to Mr. Feldstein's room. When she got there, at first she thought she had blundered into the wrong place. The teacher was a red-headed woman wearing a dress covered with rhinestones and a tiara.  But when she turned to see who was coming through the doorway, Olivia saw it wasn't a she. It was Mr. Feldstein in a dress and wig.
"You see, Alex," Mr. Feldstein said. "Ms. Bettendorfer didn't require your assistance after all." He motioned for Olivia to sit down and told her, "Your gallant admirer Alex wanted permission to search for you, since he felt some mishap must have occurred on your way to school."
I'm being made fun of by a middle-aged man in a dress, thought Olivia. How weak is that?
"We had just been about to discover who I am today," said Mr. Feldstein. "Any guesses, Olivia?"
She tried to think of some woman with red hair. "Lucille Ball?"
"Not an entertainment figure, although actresses have played me many times on television and in motion pictures. Most recently, Judy Dench."
"Oh." Olivia knew that. "Queen Elizabeth." 
"Excellent!" Mr. Feldstein seemed impressed, but after all Judy had won an Oscar for her performance. Mother had been to the party.
Muffin raised her hand. "Mr. Feldstein, I don't think that's correct," she said, smirking in Olivia's direction. "Queen Elizabeth doesn't have red hair."
"We are not discussing the woman who is queen today," Mr. Feldstein said. "I am portraying Queen Elizabeth the First."
"Well, Olivia didn't say that," said Muffin. Really, Olivia didn't understand how Muffin had been allowed to live this long.
Mr. Feldstein waved this away. "Queen Elizabeth the First ruled England from 1558 to 1603," he said. "She was known as the Virgin Queen, because she never married." Somehow it always gets back to sex, Olivia thought.
"Can anyone think of a state that is named after her?" Mr. Feldstein asked. After a wrong guess at Elizabeth, New Jersey (a city, not a state), someone came up with Virginia.
"Correct," said Mr. Feldstein. "The first attempt to establish an English colony was called Virginia, in the queen's honor, by one of her favorites, Sir Walter Raleigh. This was a time when England was looking overseas for colonies and also saw the production of many great plays at home. Does anyone know the name of one of the people who wrote those plays?"
Mr. Feldstein looked around, but he was hoping for a little too much intelligence, until Olivia remembered the name of the movie in which Judy Dench had won the Oscar: Shakespeare in Love.
Olivia was definitely earning brownie points with Mr. Feldstein, who actually raised his skirt and skipped across the room when she announced the answer. "Right, right! And who was Shakespeare's friend and rival?"
Olivia had no idea, but she noticed that Madison was glaring at her, clearly annoyed that Olivia was hogging the spotlight. That was enough to make her want to keep her streak alive. The title page of the book she'd been reading popped into her mind, and she blurted out: "John Dee?"
That stopped Mr. Feldstein in his tracks. He took a lace handkerchief out of the sleeve of his dress and pressed it to his nose. Olivia could smell perfume on it. "Well..." he said, "I was thinking of someone else, but...how do you know about John Dee?"
"Oh, I don't know," she said. "I just read something about him, that's all."
"He was not Shakespeare's friend," Mr. Feldstein said firmly. "Not at all. Shakespeare often depicted witches in his plays as sinister people. That was wrong, very wrong." 
The class was paying closer attention, as it became clear that Mr. Feldstein was on the verge of wigging out. They were like hyenas who sense that fresh meat may soon be available.
"He was a witch?" Olivia asked timidly.
Mr. Feldstein gave her a look as if she had just wandered in from an alternate universe. "John Dee? Yes, a witch. Well, a magus, which is the same thing really. Just more powerful."
"Magus?" Olivia prompted. Everybody else was silent, wondering where she was going with this.
"Magus. A magician. It is said that he was responsible for calling up the great storm that blew the Spanish Armada off course, finally destroying it. That, as everybody knows, saved England and put it on the path to world domination."
Mr. Feldstein looked wide-eyed at something in the back of the room, something startling. Olivia turned around. Alex had raised his hand, evidently a rare moment in school history. Speechless, Mr. Feldstein pointed at him.
"Like the Brotherhood of Evil Mutants," Alex said.
Even Olivia understood by now that Alex saw everything in terms of the X-Men, but it was too big a stretch for Mr. Feldstein. His face looked like it was collapsing. "For the rest of the period, read the section on Elizabethan England on pages 40-45 of your books," he said. He sat behind the teacher's desk and breathed deeply from the handkerchief.

After the bell rang, Alex hurried to catch up with Olivia. "I was worried about you," he said.
"I was only late, Alex," she said. "You're not responsible for me."
"I'm glad you're here, though," Alex replied. "You're a good expiration for me."
Expiration?
"You were answering all Mr. Feldstein's questions, and volunteering and all," he said, "so I made up my mind I could do it too."
"Oh, inspiration," she said. "I was your inspiration." She laughed. "I'm not so sure Mr. Feldstein appreciated it. Look, Alex, we've got to talk."
"We are talking," he pointed out.
"Well, yes, but I mean we should have a more serious talk."
"Are you going to volunteer in Ms. Noyes' class too?" he asked.
"Well, maybe," Olivia responded. "Why wouldn't I?"
"Because you know Madison says we should go on strike."
"On strike?"
"You know, not answer and just say 'I don't know' if the teacher calls on us."
"Why would we do that?"
"Because Ms. Noyes is making us memorize the poem. If nobody memorizes it, see, what can she do?"
She stopped walking and tugged him to one side of the corridor. "Alex, I've already memorized the poem. And I'm going to recite it if she asks me." She took a deep breath. It's not your responsibility, she told herself. Don't do this. But then she remembered Tilda's advice: Assume control. Easy for her to say. She was a witch.
"Alex, I want you to memorize the poem too."
He laughed as if he understood she was joking. "I couldn't do that."
"Why? Because Madison says so?"
"No, but it's too hard, that's all."
"You remember all these things about the X-Men."
"Well, that's completely different."
"How is it different?" she said. He let go of her hand and started walking toward Mr. Haber's classroom. She went after him, reminding herself that it would be better to let him go, now that she'd found something the truly frightened him.
"You could do it if you wanted to," she said.
"It's hard," he protested again.
She took a deep breath. "I'll help you," she said. 
That stopped him. He turned around and looked at her. "Really?"
"Yes." Yes, yes, anything to keep Madison from running the school.
He gave her a sly look. Olivia was surprised. She didn't know Alex could do sly. "Would you help me at home?" he asked.
"Ummm, we'll talk about that," she said, forcing herself not to fling her arms around him and say, Yes! Let's go now! Instead, she said "Let's begin at lunch."

 If anybody was refusing to answer in Ms. Noyes' class today, Ms. Noyes herself didn't notice. She did most of the talking. When the students arrived in class, she had already written the new poem on the board. She started to explain it line by line. Olivia could see other students texting on their cellphones, but she had no desire to start another conversation with Alex--and least not one where spelling was necessary. Ms. Noyes ended the class by reminding the students that she would expect them to have the poem memorized by the following day. 
At lunch Olivia and Alex sat with Dulcimer and Paul again. While Alex went to get the pizza, Olivia asked them, "Did you hear that Madison wants to get everybody to refuse to memorize the poem Ms. Noyes assigned?"
"Even we have been informed of that," said Paul. "Though we're outcasts."
"Well, are you going to?" Olivia asked.
"We'll probably memorize it, just to be weird," Paul told her. "But we won't volunteer."
"Ms. Noyes is too nice for Madison to do this to her," said Olivia.
"I'm sorry to tell you that Ms. Noyes' career at the Knickerbocker is likely to be a short one," said Paul.
"Why?"
"Madison's father has already called my father to see if he would join the parents' campaign to get rid of her."
Olivia's face must have shown how stunned she was, because Paul said, "That's the way things are done at this school. Ms. Noyes shouldn't have pointed out that Madison's father didn't know about education."
"Well, but why did he call your father?"
"Paul's father is loaded with money," Dulcimer said. "He sits on the school's board of directors."
"You're such a gossip," said Paul.
Olivia turned to Dulcimer. "Did he call your father too?" She was starting to wonder if Aunt Tilda had been called.
"No, I'm only a scholarship student," Dulcimer replied.
"But her parents are brilliant musicians," Paul said.
"Thanks for reminding me," Dulcimer said in an angry tone.
"I didn't mean anything," Paul told her.
"Sorry. I'm just in a bad mood because we're having music class this afternoon," Dulcimer told Olivia. "And I suck at any type of music."
"It's the same way with me and my mother," Olivia said, trying to be sympathetic.
"Are you kidding?" said Dulcimer. "Your parents are freaking movie stars."
Alex, unfortunately, chose this moment to return with the pizzas. "Your parents are movie stars?" he said.
Olivia sighed. "Dulcimer was only joking, Alex. I live with my aunt. Who's a witch," she added, just to see their reaction.
"She's a witch with a capital B," said Paul, trying to help.
"She is, though," said Olivia.
Smiling, Paul replied, "Then you should have no trouble taking care of Madison."
Olivia blinked. That's right, she thought. 
When Alex told the others that Olivia was going to help him memorize the poem, they thought it was sort of a joke--something Olivia had thought up to chase Alex away. They started making humorous suggestions of ways Alex might remember the lines. Olivia wasn't paying much attention; she was thinking of the Dr. Dee book in her locker. If she could understand it, maybe there would be some spell she could use...
A sentence in the conversation at the table suddenly brought her back to the present: "Olivia's going home with me to help me memorize." Who said that? Oh, Alex, yes, of course.
Paul and Dulcimer were staring quizzically at her, waiting to see how she would get out of this plan. Then Olivia realized that Alex's house would be the ideal place for her to study the Dr. Dee book. She wouldn't have to worry about Julius spying on her there. "Alex," she said, "I'll have to get my aunt's permission."
He nodded. "I'll just tell your driver. He has to do what you want."
"Well, maybe not my driver," she said.
"Leave it to me," Alex said, with surprising confidence.

Gym class was a little more boring than the day before. The teacher had decided to organize the girls into volleyball teams. Olivia was completely lost at this, but her role in the games was more or less to stand around and watch. O.K. by her. She didn't even work up a sweat, and decided to skip the shower. After she dressed, however, she saw Madison speaking to the gym teacher, who walked over to Olivia and said, "I understand you haven't taken a shower."
"I didn't need one," said Olivia.
"It's basic hygiene," the teacher responded. "You might offend others if you sit next to them in class." Yes, if they have sensitive noses like Madison, thought Olivia.
Madison gave her a little smile from across the room as Olivia began to undress again.

Because of that, she was late for the next class, which turned out to be music. For some reason, the boys went to choir practice twice a week while the girls were expected to learn how to play instruments. The teacher, Mrs. Foley ("Please don't address me as Ms." she announced. "I have a husband."), wore a dress that looked as if it had been high style in the 1940s, with a brooch on the front that reminded Olivia of a tarantula with moldy stones on its back.
Some of the students took private lessons and had brought their own instruments. For those who were at a lower level, Mrs. Foley handed out little plastic flutes that she called recorders. Olivia was surprised to see that Dulcimer was one of those with a recorder.
"Don't stare," Dulcimer muttered as she took a seat next to Olivia. "The only musical instrument I can play at all well is an iPod."
Mrs. Foley took it for granted that everyone could read music. Fortunately, Olivia had learned how when her mother was rehearsing for a musical. The teacher divided the class into groups, giving sheet music to each. The elite students--Madison and friends--made up the string section. Mrs. Foley asked Madison to play a violin solo of the entire piece they were going to practice. Madison wasn't bad, Olivia had to admit. But the way Mrs. Foley gushed over her performance made you think she was one of the all-time great violinists.
Leaving Madison in charge of practicing with the other students who had string instruments, Mrs. Foley turned to the group who only had recorders. For absolute newbies like Olivia, she started by demonstrating how you played the scales on the little flute. Olivia didn't find that too difficult. Now Mrs. Foley tested each girl by having her play a few bars from the sheet music. "Your tempo is off," she told Olivia. "Faster." She kept time by nodding her head vigorously. 
That was nothing compared to the way Mrs. Foley treated Dulcimer. "Tone, Dulcimer, tone!" she kept repeating, and even though Olivia didn't understand what "tone" meant, the result was that Dulcimer kept playing louder, blowing harder into the flute, and getting redder in the face.
Finally Dulcimer reached the end of her piece. "I don't think you're trying," Mrs. Foley told her. Olivia doubted that. Dulcimer looked out of breath from of the effort she had made.
"Try it one more time. With feeling now," Mrs. Foley said. The other students in the recorder group fidgeted nervously, and Olivia thought even most of the girls in the string section were paying attention to  what was happening on this side of the room.
Dulcimer appeared to be pumping herself up for another effort. She kept taking deep breaths, then finally clamped her mouth down on the flute and began to play. 
"Tone!" Mrs. Foley called almost at once. She nodded her head back and forth, keeping time. The music became a little louder. It wasn't just tone, Olivia thought. When Dulcimer played, the sound was different from what anybody else managed to produce, even if the other person wasn't particularly good. You had the impression from listening to Dulcimer that she hated the music and wanted to stomp it into submission.
"Tone!" cried Mrs. Foley. Dulcimer increased her efforts, but the music only got louder--not better. In fact, it was getting pretty shrill, since that was what happened when you blew into a recorder really, really hard.
Mrs. Foley never gave up, though. She kept shouting "tone!" and was nodding her head more and more emphatically.
Olivia, sitting next to Dulcimer, could see tears were flowing down her face. But she didn't give up.
"You aren't trying," shrieked Mrs. Foley, who by now resembled a mentally disturbed bobble-head doll.
Without thinking, Olivia put her hand out and grabbed Dulcimer's arm. "Stop it," she said. She turned to Mrs. Foley and said, "She is trying!"
For a second, Mrs. Foley seemed too stunned to react. Then she pointed at Olivia and said: "Detention!"
Detention? 
Mrs. Foley headed for the teacher's desk and began rummaging through the drawers. "Where are my detention slips?" she muttered.
Dulcimer was rubbing her eyes with a handkerchief, trying to recover. The girl on the other side of Olivia leaned over and said, "They used to keep kids after school in detention as a punishment. That was about a million years ago, and they stopped doing it, but Mrs. Foley forgets."
Olivia saw Madison go over to Mrs. Foley and say something, evidently reminding her that there were no longer any such things as detention slips.
Mrs. Foley came back to the recorder group and looked down her nose at Olivia. "What is your name?" she asked.
Olivia had already told her, but she repeated it: "Olivia Bettendorfer." 
"I don't recognize that name."
"I'm new."
"I mean your last name. I know most of the families who send their children to The Knickerbocker. They are among the city's most prominent."
Dulcimer, having recovered a little, poked Olivia. Olivia knew what she meant. Tell her who your parents really are.
"I'm visiting the city," said Olivia. "My parents live in Iowa."
"Are you in the habit of correcting the teachers in your school there?"
Assume control. "Only when they're being cruel," Olivia responded.
Mrs. Foley looked as if somebody had slapped her. "It is not cruel," she said in a loud voice, "to encourage someone to attain their potential." She turned her eyes on Dulcimer now. "The potential that coming from a musical family has given them."
Nobody had a response to that, but at least Mrs. Foley moved on to other things and didn't ask Dulcimer to play again.

In the hallway after class, the girl who told Olivia about detention came up and said, "That was pretty cool. Nobody ever disses Mrs. Foley like that."
"Who are you?"
"I'm Hannah. I'd like to be friends, but you're on the wrong side of Madison and she says..." She trailed off.
"She tells you who you can be friends with?" Olivia was really surprised.
The girl looked around. "Look, it wasn't a good idea to steal Alex. Dump him. He's not that interesting anyway. You'll find out."
"Hannah?" came a voice from down the hall. It was Madison. "Coming?" Hannah turned and hurried off as if she was embarrassed even to be seen talking to Olivia.
Dulcimer emerged from the music room. She had stayed behind to talk with Mrs. Foley. "I told her you forgot to take your medication and lost control," Dulcimer told Olivia. "Listen, you don't have to rescue me, you know. I'm used to this. She only does it because my parents are musicians."
"Maybe, but that doesn't give her the right to treat you so mean."
"I can handle it," Dulcimer responded. "Now the big question: are you going home with Alex?"
Olivia smiled. "I don't think René is going to let me."
Chapter Eight
She was wrong. When she went outside after classes, she found Alex chatting with René as if they were old friends. "This nice young man has a chauffeur who will let you ride in style today," René told Olivia.
"Um, do you think Aunt Tilda will worry?" Olivia asked.
"René gave me her phone number and I talked to her," Alex said, waving his cellphone.
"You did?" Olivia felt betrayed. Didn't Tilda worry about letting her niece go home with some strange boy? "What did she say?"
"As soon as I told her who I was," Alex replied, "she said it was O.K. for you to come home with me."
Riiight, thought Olivia. As far as she knows, you are the only thing I've thought about for the last two days. She probably thinks she's doing me a favor. 
She looked up and made eye contact with Madison, who was standing outside her own limo, a few cars away. Olivia knew that the smart thing to do was to tell Alex she'd come over some other time. Hannah was right. He wasn't worth fighting Madison for.
Instead, she said, "O.K., but you have to memorize the poem."
"I'll try," he said. His attempt to look sincere wasn't believable in the least. But it was sweet of him to make the effort.
Alex's family lived in a massive apartment building on Fifth Avenue. The chauffeur let them out in front, and a doorman emerged from under a canopy to give Alex a salute. A salute? Olivia couldn't remember anybody saluting her mother. And even though Alex was leading Olivia by the hand, the doorman gave her a suspicious look. 
The building had an elevator operator too, so Olivia didn't say anything till they reached Alex's floor, which was marked PH on the elevator buttons. Penthouse, thought Olivia.
When they got out, a maid was holding open the door to the apartment. Olivia was a little surprised until she realized the doorman must have phoned up to say Alex was on his way.
"You want anything?" Alex asked as they went through the doorway.
For a second, Olivia couldn't answer. She was staring at the room they were in, with windows at the far end that stretched from floor to ceiling and a view of Manhattan that seemed to extend all the way to the southern tip. Olivia had been in houses with nice views in Los Angeles, but everything there stretched out like a carpet. Here the buildings rose into the air like a fairytale forest. This was the view she'd imagined from the plane.
Olivia realized that the maid was looking at her, waiting to see if she wanted anything. "Iced tea," Olivia said.
"Peach or lemon or plain?" the maid asked.
"Lemon," Olivia said.
"Sugar or sweetener or honey?"
Decisions, decisions, thought Olivia. At home, Mother decided what Olivia should have, and that was that. Remembering the honey tea that Eva had served her, she said, "Sugar." If sugar's poison, go ahead and strike me dead.
"You can have something to eat too," Alex said. "Yolanda will bring you whatever you like."
Olivia smiled. "I don't know what I want."
"Ice cream," said Alex. He was trying to impress Olivia. Nobody like him had ever tried to impress her before. So she was impressed.
"Bring us some Rocky Road, Yolanda," he told the maid. "You like Rocky Road?" he asked Olivia.
"Sure." She would have said yes even if he'd asked if she liked Blacktop Highway.
The maid disappeared and Olivia walked over to the window. "This must look fantastic at night," she said. She thought about standing here with the lights out, and Alex's arms around her....
"Yeah," said Alex. "I guess I'm used to it."
"Can you see Greenwich Village from here?" Olivia wondered if she could see her aunt's house, but the tall buildings blocked out everything else. The house would be like a little cottage lost in a forest of stone.
"I don't think so," said Alex.
"Listen, I wanted to ask you...how come the doorman saluted you and gave me a fishy look?"
"Did he?" Alex didn't really remember. "Maybe because he didn't recognize you. Usually he sees me with--" Alex had just enough sense not to finish the sentence.
"All righty, then," said Olivia. "How about getting to work on that poem?"
"Aw, let me show you my collection first," said Alex.
Collection? Riiight, the X-Men. "O.K., but you promised you'd work on the poem."
Alex took her down a hallway that had several rooms leading off it. He reached the end and opened the door. Another great view, although the window wasn't as big, nor was the room itself. "Is this your bedroom?" asked Olivia. She noticed there wasn't any furniture except some soft chairs and shelves containing what looked liked thousands of comic books.
"No, this is the study," Alex replied.
Study? Olivia thought it a funny name for a room full of comics.
Alex was proud of them, though. He began to take them down from the shelves, telling Olivia what stories each one contained. Some were valuable and he kept those in plastic wrappers. The story of Wolverine was of course part of the larger story of the X-Men, and Alex could recite most of that too. Olivia was hoping the maid would show up with the ice cream just so he'd shut up.
"And you know," Alex said, "when you asked me if anything special happened the day before yesterday?"
"Um, yes," Olivia said, wondering if he had remembered somebody--her--had looked at him in a crystal ball.
"I thought about you when I was reading the story where Wolverine has a crush on Jean Grey. I realized you look just like her."
"I do?" Olivia was curious. "Show me."
"It's in Uncanny X-Men, number 94," Alex said, taking that copy down from a shelf, handling it the way the salesmen at Harry Winston displayed a particularly valuable piece of jewelry for Olivia's mother.
He opened it and pointed. Olivia stared at the drawing and said, "Alex, she's naked."
"Oh, no," he said, shaking his head, clearly upset that Olivia would even suggest it. "Look, see where the green part starts? That's her shirt."
"Shirt? It looks like she's wearing paint. And besides--" She stopped, not quite knowing how to explain that Jean Grey's breasts were, well, somewhat more humungous that the actual ones that Olivia owned.
"I know what you're thinking," said Alex.
I sincerely hope not, thought Olivia.
"You're thinking that Wolverine's real girlfriend is Mariko Yashida," he told her.
"Something like that," Olivia said.
"But see, he had to kill Mariko."
"Really?" Olivia looked nervously toward the doorway, wondering what was taking the maid so long to bring the ice cream.
"Because she was injected with poison from a blowfish and she begged Wolverine to put her out of her misery."
"Where's the iced tea? I'm really thirsty all of a sudden."
"But listen, you shouldn't feel bad, because Wolverine gets his revenge."
"How could I have ever doubted it?"
"Every year, on the anniversary of Mariko's death--"
Just then, Olivia's sanity was rescued by the appearance of Yolanda in the doorway. Olivia jumped up to help with the tray.
Tea with sugar wasn't bad, Olivia decided after sipping it, but she felt guilty because she knew Mother would have told her to take the artificial sweetener. The ice cream was amazingly good. Fortunately, it also seemed to have gotten Alex off the comic book jag. He was telling Olivia that his father had the ice cream flown in from Cincinnati, where some family made it in small batches.
"After we finish, we're going to get to the poem," Olivia reminded him.
"Aw, Olivia, what's the point?" he complained. "Madison's father is going to get Ms. Noyes fired anyway."
"Did he call your father too?"
"Yeah."
"Did your father go along with him?" Olivia was ready to walk out of here if the answer was yes.
"Not really," Alex said. "My father's from Greece, and he's kind of old-fashioned. He thinks if the teacher says something, she's right."
"So you should memorize the poem," said Olivia. She opened her backpack to get the book with the poem in it, but the Dr. Dee book fell out.
"Hey, what's that?" Alex asked.
"Nothing," Olivia said. "Just an old book." Alex reached it before she did, however, and he opened it to the back section. "Wow," he said. "It's in some funny language. Can you read this?"
"No," Olivia said. 
"It must be some kind of code. You need a key to uncifer it," Alex said. 
"Decipher," Olivia corrected. He was on familiar territory, she could see, even if he didn't get the word right.
Alex nodded. "The X-Men solved one in Marvel Heroes Puzzle Masters," he explained.
"Right. O.K., now Alex, pay attention." Assume control. "Pay attention while I read each line," Olivia said sternly.
Alex looked at her, giving an imitation of paying attention. Imagine he's an empty bucket, she told herself, and you're filling it with knowledge.
Twenty minutes later, she was ready to admit the bucket had a big hole in it somewhere. "Alex," she said, "you're not trying."
The unhappy look on his face reminded Olivia when she'd heard those same words earlier today. She had a horrified thought: I'm turning into Mrs. Foley.
"I'm just not as smart as you," Alex said. "And anyway, I don't get the point of it. Read the first line again."
"I met a traveller from an antique land."
"See, antiques are furniture. My mother buys them all the time. So that's confusing. It makes you think he was shopping for furniture. Why doesn't he just say, 'I met a traveller from an old land'?"
"That's what makes it a poem. Listen, I know they use different kinds of words in the comic books you read. You don't have trouble with them."
"That's because they have pictures," said Alex. He opened the Dr. Dee book again. "Some of this writing is like little pictures. I bet we could figure this out."
"You're just trying to distract me," Olivia said.
"See, it says this book is about John Dee. He was in the X-Men books. They called him Johnny Dee."
"It's not the same person. Didn't you hear Mr. Feldstein today? John Dee lived in the 1500s."
"Maybe they're related."
Olivia sighed. "Alex, can I ask you something? Did you ever invite Madison over to your apartment?"
He looked embarrassed. "Well...yes."
"And did she like looking at your X-Men books?"
"Not really. All she wanted to do was make out."
Eeeep. Olivia stopped breathing.
"Do you want to make out?" he asked, as if the thought had just occurred to him.
She had to force herself to take a breath. First one, then another. See? Now you can speak. Answer him. "Well, it wasn't what I was thinking of." Liar, she told herself.
"See. that's why I like you," he said. "You're interested in other things."
Olivia felt guilty. "Alex, maybe there's some other reason why you like me."
"Well, you look good too," he added.
"Like Jean Grey," she said, making a joke of it.
He smiled and nodded. Not joking.
Maybe it's true what they said about boys. Maybe they really do go blind if they...no, he walks around school without bumping into things. It's the crystal ball.
"Alex, I have to go now," she said suddenly.
"Did I say something wrong?" he asked.
"No, I just realized that I have to go visit a friend of my aunt's."

In the end, she agreed to leave the John Dee book with Alex. He thought that meant Olivia would come back another time. She figured that Alex's apartment was a safe place to hide it--and anyway, she wanted some more of that ice cream.
Olivia let Alex's chauffeur drop her off in front of Tilda's house, but when he drove off she walked down the street and rang the bell for Eva's apartment. Eva buzzed her in and was waiting when Olivia reached the top of the stairs. "I'm so glad to see you again," Eva said, holding the door open.
Olivia slipped past and said, "There's something I need to know."
"Oh, sit, sit. Young people are always in so much of a hurry."
The place was no tidier than it had been before, but Olivia found a place for herself on the couch again. Momentarily she compared this crowded little room with Alex's apartment.
"People may have grander places to live, but none so comfortable for me," Eva said. Olivia reminded herself that she had to be careful what she was thinking in Eva's presence.
"Would you like some tea?" Eva asked. "I can make it in a jiffy."
"No, thank you," said Olivia. "I don't need to be drugged into sleeping for fourteen hours tonight."
"Oh, I'm sorry if that upset you," said Eva. "It shouldn't have. Sleep heals the brain and spirit. Besides, it wasn't the tea. It was the honey. Comes from Afghanistan, where the bees take nectar from poppies."
"Why did you want me to sleep?" asked Olivia. "So I wouldn't see the sex orgy going on in the back yard?"
Eva raised her hands. "Well, you are a sharp one," she said, winking. "I should have mixed in a little more honey. But whatever you saw had nothing really to do with sex." She chuckled a little. "Most of us are well past that."
"Then why did everybody take off their clothes?"
"Skyclad," said Eva. "That's what we call it. It was our end-of-summer gathering, and going skyclad puts us closer to the goddess."
"What goddess?"
Waving her hand in the air, Eva said. "The Lady. The goddess who rules all. Mother Nature, some call her. Amaterasu, Rhea, Demeter--she has many names."
"Is that what witches do?"
Eva's brows went up. "Witches? Who said anything about witches?"
Olivia hesitated.  "Aunt Tilda..."
"I believe you misunderstood her," said Eva. "Tilda might have referred to the Craft, or Wicca, but not to witches. That would sound like Mr. Shakespeare, and I don't want to tell you what I thought of him."
"Well, anyway, if all you were doing was celebrating some nature festival, why did you have to drug me?"
"Drug is such a modern, ugly word. Why not say 'soothe'? Because you know, dear, we knew that you're a young person, just getting comfortable with your body and your feelings, and the ceremony might upset you."
"Why didn't Aunt Tilda just give me some tea herself?"
"Well, Wiccans avoid using such things on their own relatives. It makes home life easier. But I assure you, it was for your own good and no harm done. Next time we'll invite you."
"Next time?" Olivia was suddenly imagining herself playing naked ring-around-the-rosy.
"You see? You are upset. But not to worry, next time the weather will be cold and we'll wear clothes. Cotton or linen or flax, mind you. No leather or fur. We don't take the animals' clothing for our own, as if we were savages."
"I see," said Olivia. "Anyway, I came to ask you about something else."
"Just have a little tea, then. I promise...nothing that will dull your senses."
Olivia reluctantly agreed. 
When Eva brought out the tea, she said, "This is good black tea from Annam. Has a distinct flavor, and shouldn't need any sweetener."
Olivia sipped some and found it strong. She put it aside, wondering if it was really harmless. "I wanted to ask you about what happened last time," she told Eva. "When I saw this boy--Alex--in the crystal."
"Did you notice a change in him?"
"For sure."
"And now you want to change him back?"
Olivia thought it over. "Not really. Not yet anyway. He's calmed down a bit."
"They all do, dear. Nothing you or I can do about that. The charm doesn't have much of a holding power."
"But I wondered...see, I'd really like him to be a little smarter."
Eva frowned. "Well, adjustments, you see, aren't quite within the rules. You run into trouble when you try to make people different from what they already are. My advice, if you like them smart, is to find a smart one and then we'll cast a love charm on him."
"I really just need him to memorize something. He could be the same as now except for that."
"Memorize? Is it long?"
"Fourteen lines. A poem."
"Why didn't you say so? Easiest thing in the world. Just take down the crystal again. You were very good with it the other day."
Olivia followed Eva's instructions, and once more the clouds within the ball lifted, revealing a tiny figure of Alex.
"Do you see him?" asked Eva.
"Yes," Olivia said. "He's reading--oh!"
Alex was actually looking at the Dr. Dee book, although he had a stack of comic books on the table next to it.
"What's he reading?" asked Eva.
"Nothing. Just a book."
"Does it have the poem you want him to memorize? That would help."
"No."
"Well, then you must get his attention. Tell him hello just the way you did before."
Olivia did, and the figure of Alex looked up, not directly at her, but just as if he'd heard something.
"Now read him the poem," said Eva.
Olivia started to look in her backpack until she realized that she already knew the poem by heart. "I met a traveller from an antique land," she began. The Alex in the crystal seemed to be listening as she recited all fourteen lines.
"Now let him go," Eva said. Let the thought of him leave your mind."
Olivia saw the smoke fill the ball again, and Alex gradually disappeared. She still wondered why he was trying to read the Dr. Dee book, however. Maybe it hadn't been a good idea to leave it with him.
"Dr. Dee? John Dee? Why is your friend reading about that old villain? A dangerous person with his Enochian magic. Chaos magic, if you ask me."
Olivia reminded herself to be careful with her thoughts. "It's Johnny Dee, just a character in a comic book."
"A comic book? They've put John Dee in a comic book for children? What is the world coming to?" Abruptly Eva stood up and said, "I have something you should wear." She disappeared into the other room for a moment and then returned, holding a small cloth bag suspended from a string. 
"This is a silk sachet," she told Olivia. "Wear it every day for protection."
"Protection against what?" Olivia asked. She took the little bag and sniffed it. "What's inside?"
"Oh...holly leaves, mandrake root, thistle flower. Nothing special. I make them up and give them to friends. You don't need to wear it in Tilda's house, of course, but it will keep away the demons elsewhere."
"Are there really demons in New York?"
Eva laughed. "Dear, they're all over the place. Most of them harmless, of course, but they might catch you at a weak moment. Or if you should try to cast a spell yourself...but you would never do that, would you?"
Olivia slipped the cord over her head and tucked the sachet under her blouse. She sort of liked the scent it gave off, and it felt a little warm against her skin. It really did make her feel secure. She wanted to ask more about Dr. Dee, but she was afraid Eva would discover where Olivia had gotten the book. "Are you sure Alex will remember the poem?" she asked.
Eva waved her hand. "It's a very simple charm," she said. "Never failed for me. And I must say you show great promise with the crystal. Is there any Irish blood in your family?"
"Maybe on my father's side."
"It shows. And with Matilda's background, you could become a very great..." She trailed off and then added. "But you'd need lots of training.
"Well, I have to be going," Olivia said. "Thanks for the sachet. And your help."
"Anytime, dear. I know you and I will be great friends," Eva said. "Next time maybe you'll trust me enough to finish your tea," she added with a twinkle in her eye.
Olivia bit her lip. She had hoped Eva wouldn't notice.

As she let herself into the ground floor of Tilda's house, Julius was waiting. He gave her a look not very different from the one the doorman of Alex's building had. Only Julius circled around her as well, examining her as if he was looking for something.
Olivia hung up her backpack and went into the kitchen, where Tilda was stirring a pot of soup. "How was your date with your boyfriend?" she asked.
"It wasn't a date," Olivia said. "He needed help memorizing a poem."
"You must have made quite an impression. He called here a few minutes ago and wanted me to go looking for you when I told him you hadn't arrived."
"He thinks he's my keeper," Olivia said.
"Men can be possessive," Tilda commented. "Which reminds me. I had another phone call. Do you know someone named Madison Lispenard?"
"I don't exactly know her. She's in my class."
"Well, her father called to inform me that a teacher, Ms. Noyes, is using what he called outmoded and oppressive teaching methods."
"She's only having us memorize a poem."
"Did you have any trouble with that?"
"No. What did you tell Madison's father?"
"I said the school had an excellent reputation and I wanted to allow it to teach you the way it thought best, unless you started staying up all night studying and had dark bags under your eyes."
"No danger of that at this school," said Olivia. "What did Madison's father say then?"
"Well, he implied that I didn't know very much about education. He's a lawyer. They think they know best about everything."
"Will he be able to get Ms. Noyes in trouble?"
Tilda continued stirring the pot, thinking. "He may," she said finally.
"Could you do something to stop him?"
"What did you have in mind?"
"You told me you were a witch. Put a spell on him."
"Let's have some soup," Tilda said, taking two bowls from the cabinet. "Pumpkin, with cinnamon and nutmeg and a little fresh ginger."
They sat at the kitchen table and Olivia tried a spoonful, blowing to cool it before she tasted it. "Mmmm," she said. "You are the best cook."
"Not made with witchcraft, either," said Tilda. "By the way, if you're going to visit Eva, remember that she dislikes the word 'witch.'"
"She told me."
"She has seen friends and relatives burned or tortured to death because they were accused of being witches."
"She has?" Olivia almost stopped eating. "I didn't think that happened any more."
"The witch trials in Salem, Massachusetts, occurred in the 1690s. That was the last time anyone was executed in this country for being a witch. As far as we know. A pastor in Texas publicly called for the burning of witches in 1999, though he wasn't able to catch any. But he certainly might have. There are quite a few in Texas."
"I thought you said Eva had seen witches executed."
"She did."
Olivia didn't quite know how to respond, so she ladled some more soup from the pot into her bowl.
"As you must know," Tilda said, "it's rude to ask a woman how old she is."
Olivia smiled. "That was one of the first things Mother told me when she took me places."
"So you mustn't let on that I told you, but Eva is something over eight hundred years old."
Olivia laughed. She couldn't help herself. "She's in good shape," she said. "For eight hundred."
Tilda ignored the joke, and continued. "When Eva was a young woman, she placed a curse on someone who had hurt her family. The curse was to last a thousand years and extend to all that person's descendants. What Eva didn't realize was that she had to remain alive for as long as the curse remained in place."
"You're serious," Olivia said after thinking this over. Skiing couldn't have been this weird.
"Completely," said Tilda.
"And you can do things too?" Olivia asked. "Like place a curse on Madison's father?"
"As I say, we avoid using words that create fear in others. When we speak about what we do, we call it Wicca, or the Craft. The form of Wicca that I practice has one rule above all: If it harm none, do as thou wilt."
Olivia heard the echo of the words that had been written on the last page of Dr. Dee's book. But there was a difference: "If it harm none," she repeated slowly. That part, Dr. Dee didn't include.
"That's right," said Tilda. "We don't cause harm to people just because we don't like them. Although we're often accused of it."
"Well, then what good is it? Whatever you do."
"We can do beneficial things, for ourselves, and for others. Many powerful people have had witches helping them. You don't think Warren G. Harding got to be president on his own, do you?"
"Warren G. Harding? When was he president?"
"In the 1920s. His wife was known as the Dutchess."
"She was a witch?"
"Between ourselves, we can use that term. When others are present, or to respect Eva's feelings, we say 'practitioner."
"Practitioner," Olivia said, trying out the word. "You practice."
"We practice Wicca."
Olivia thought about it. "Are there any more recent presidents whose wives were practitioners?"
"It's another part of our code not to reveal the names of living witches," Tilda said.
"Which means..."
"Just what I said."
"Well, Queen Elizabeth, then. John Dee was her practitioner?" Tilda's face showed her surprise, and Olivia almost choked on the soup. Don't think about that, she told herself.
"How did you know about John Dee?" Tilda asked.
"The social studies teacher mentioned him," Olivia said casually. "We learned about Queen Elizabeth today."
"Maybe I should look a little more closely into what's going on at your school."
"No," Olivia said. "It's just Mr. Feldstein. He's very...colorful."
"Would that be Bernard Feldstein?"
"I can't remember his first name," Olivia said. "Why? Do you know him?"
"If it's the same person, I do," said Tilda.
A horrifying thought came over Olivia. "Don't tell me he's a witch."
"As I said, we don't tell," said Tilda.

Olivia had lots more questions. As they ate the rest of the dinner, she asked how you learned to be a witch. Tilda explained that it was a long process and not something you just jumped into. "People think they can fix everything with a spell or a potion, and that's not what Wicca is all about," Tilda said. "It's a way of belonging to the universe."
"But you can read minds," Olivia pointed out. "That's something I'd like to do."
Tilda smiled. "Often I try not to notice what people are thinking. And that's really all it is: noticing. Paying attention. Body language. Facial expressions. What a person does with her eyes...."
"Magic?" Olivia suggested.
Shaking her head, Tilda said, "You have the idea that Wicca is like the fantasy world in the Harry Potter books. It's not at all like that."
"No magic wands?" Olivia was disappointed.
"Well...." Tilda said. "I do have a wand. But to call it a magic wand would be exaggerating."
"Can I see it?"
"It's not a toy," Tilda said. "I usually use it for ceremonial occasions." 
"Like the other night?" Olivia said, and then slapped her forehead.
"You saw us?" Tilda said. She didn't seem angry. "I probably shouldn't have given you the bedroom facing the garden, but the view is so nice when  the flowers are in bloom."
"Did you use magic then?"
"We were celebrating. When the flowers bloom, isn't that magic? Now the leaves are turning colors. Isn't that magic? When the seasons change, so does the earth. We gather to celebrate that, to pay our respects to the Lady."
"The Lady, who...?" Olivia wasn't sure how to ask the question.
"She who guides us," Tilda replied. Which didn't really answer the question either.
"What about Eva's crystal ball?" Olivia asked. "That seems like magic."
"It is," said Tilda. "But remember, she's had a very long time to practice."
"Eight hundred years."
"Give or take a few decades."
Olivia still couldn't decide whether Tilda meant that as a joke or not. But Tilda continued to evade most of her other questions. In the end, she agreed to show Olivia some things that she'd have to do to become a practitioner.
"But you'd have to make sure you're really interested," said Tilda.
"I am," said Olivia.
"You see, we don't share our beliefs with anyone who's merely curious."
"O.K."
"Or who thinks it's only magic."
"I don't," said Olivia, but she could see by the look on Tilda's face that she didn't quite believe her.
Which was fair enough, since truthfully, Olivia couldn't help thinking what she could do with magic.

After dinner she went up to her room and looked up Wicca on her computer, but there were so many articles--and most of them confusing--that she gave up. She wished now that she'd kept the Dr. Dee book. But when she finally went to bed, at least she didn't have any more dreams.
Chapter Nine
When Olivia reached her locker at school the next morning, Alex was waiting. "I have to tell you something," he said.
"Did you memorize the poem?" she asked, wondering whether Eva's spell had worked.
"Oh, we don't have to do that now," he said. "I guess Madison didn't tell you."
"Tell me what?"
"Her father got Ms. Dolfinger to order Ms. Noyes to back off on that. We don't have to memorize anything."
"Ms. Dolfinger?"
"You know, the head of the school."
"She would do that? To a teacher?"
Alex shrugged. "Yeah, well, Mr. Lispenard is a powerful guy."
Olivia slammed her locker door shut. She felt like slamming it a few more times. 
Alex paid no attention. "Hey, that's not what I want to tell you about, though," he said.
"Not now. Don't tell me anything now," she replied, taking her books and starting off down the hall. "I'm too angry."
"This is really important," Alex said, following close behind. "I had a dream last night."
"Sure, great," Olivia muttered. "About Wolverine?"
Then she stopped and turned around. "You had a dream?"
"I'm trying to tell you."
"You didn't sleep with that book under your pillow, did you?"
He shook his head. "No. But I was reading it in bed, trying to figure it out before I fell asleep. And then in this dream..."
"What were you doing that for? I told you to keep it with the comic books."
"You did? I guess I forgot. Anyway, I know part of it was written in a code, and I wanted to figure it out for you."
"Sure." As if.
"But in the dream," Alex continued, "first of all I thought I was Wolverine, but then I looked at my claws and they weren't as long as his. I had turned into a cat."
"You had." Olivia wasn't sure she liked where this was going.
"I know, weird, but it was a dream. Anyway, the reason I turned into a cat was so I could help you."
"Listen, really, Alex, I don't think I need that kind of help."
"You want to know what's in that book, don't you?"
"Well, yes, but if you're a cat...you don't recall if your name was Julius, do you?"
He gave her an odd look. "You know my name is Alex."
"Right, right, I just thought in the dream..."
"I might have taken on a secret identity," he said, nodding. "It didn't really come up, because I was supposed to instigate."
Olivia thought about it. "You mean investigate," she said.
They had continued walking down the hallway, and now the door to Mr. Feldstein's classroom opened. A man with a red beard and wearing heavy boots and pleated balloon shorts came out.
It was, of course, Mr. Feldstein. "Hurry up, you two," he said. "We're going to learn about Jamestown today. Guess who I am?" he said, looking at Olivia. Evidently she was supposed to be the best guesser in the class now. She decided to do something to destroy that impression.
"Wolverine?" she asked.
Both Alex and Mr. Feldstein looked at her strangely. "That's not something you joke about," said Alex.
"Come in, come in," said Mr. Feldstein, and Olivia was happy to do so. She preferred history to the madness in the corridor.

Between social studies and math class, Olivia managed to avoid being alone with Alex. Somehow she feared learning what Very Important Thing he had learned while he was investigating. As a cat. What worried her even more was that Aunt Tilda had a cat, Eva had a cat, and now...so did Olivia.
The last class of the morning, however, was language arts. And today was Friday, the day Ms. Noyes would find out who had memorized the poem.
Or not. After everyone found their desks, Ms. Noyes said, "I have an announcement." Olivia caught a triumphant look from Madison, aimed at her many followers.
"I have been informed," Ms. Noyes went on, "that some of you are not capable of memorizing works of literature, however brief. I find that sad, and incidentally I think it underestimates your ability." She paused. "Most of you," she added.
"At any rate," she said, "a decision has been made that the memorization assignment should be voluntary." She looked around. "You don't have to do it, but you may if you choose." She paused to let this sink in, and then added, "Did anyone go ahead and memorize the poem?"
Madison's hand shot up. Olivia was surprised. After all the fuss Madison had made, she couldn't have done the assignment.
She hadn't. "Ms. Noyes," Madison asked, "if anyone does do the memorization, will that raise their grade?"
"Well," Ms. Noyes said, "I think it's only fair that any kind of work students do would have an influence on their grade. Don't you?"
Madison shook her head. "Not if others in the class don't do it."
"It's up to them if they do it or not," Ms. Noyes said mildly.
Madison was about to say something else, but Ms. Noyes put up her hand to stop her. "We can discuss that later. Grades are not the most important thing in school."
From the looks many of the students gave each other, Olivia could tell they didn't agree. Ms. Noyes didn't notice, though. She was looking over Olivia's shoulder and frowning. "Yes, Alex?" she said.
"Uh, Ms. Noyes, I memorized the poem," Olivia heard him say. It was interesting to see the effect this had on Ms. Noyes. First she was pleased, but then, as ripples of barely subdued laughter spread around the room, she decided that somebody had persuaded Alex to say this just to make fun of the assignment.
"Are you sure, Alex?" Ms. Noyes said.
"Yes," he said. "I studied with Olivia."
The laughter changed to woo-woos, along with some semi-humorous suggestions about what else Alex had been studying.
"That's enough!" Ms. Noyes said sharply. She looked at Olivia, who was sitting right in front of her. Olivia decided to risk it, and nodded slightly. He can do it, she thought, trying to send a message to Ms. Noyes.
Ms. Noyes raised her eyebrows and said, "Very well, Alex. Please recite."
He started right away, ripping through the poem as if there was a prize for doing it the fastest. "I met a traveller from an antique land Who said two vast and trunkless legs of stone Stand..."
By the time he finished, people were staring at him and clearly trying to figure out what the trick was. Did Olivia have the poem printed on the back of her shirt? Was Alex using tiny earphones? Special contact lenses?
Ms. Noyes looked a little stunned herself, but said, "Thank you, Alex. Perhaps next time you should try for more emotion." As his face fell, she added hastily, "But that was excellent." She looked at Olivia. "I assume you must have memorized it too."
Olivia had, and recited it more slowly than Alex had. She was really on automatic pilot, however, because most of her mind was concentrating on the thought that Alex had actually done it--and the crystal ball trick had worked.
After Olivia, Paul and then Dulcimer demonstrated that they too had memorized the poem, along with a couple of nerdy boys who evidently felt that improving their grades was worth the risk of annoying Madison. Olivia caught the eye of Hannah, the girl who'd spoken to her after music class. Hannah looked like she might have memorized the poem too, but turned away. Madison was more important to her.

Alex was late getting to the pizza place. Some of his guy friends stopped him after Ms. Noyes' class to rag him about his newfound abilities. Olivia had slipped away, because she didn't want to answer questions about her role in creating the new Alex, Mental Superhero.
But Paul and Dulcimer wouldn't let her off that easily. "All right, now the first thing we want to know is: what did you do with the real Alex?" Paul asked. "The one we've known all these years."
Olivia smiled. "That's the same Alex," she said. "You just didn't know what he was capable of."
"Capable?" Paul repeated. "I've been in school with Alex since kindergarten. The one and only accomplishment he has had in all that time has been creating the greatest collection of X-Men Comic Books in the world."
"Maybe that's it," suggested Dulcimer. "She persuaded him that Wolverine gets his superpowers from memorizing poetry."
"No, wait," Paul said. "She told us her aunt was a witch, remember?"
"Right, right," laughed Dulcimer. "She put a spell on him."
Olivia was annoyed. "I did, if you want to know," she told them. "I looked at him in a crystal ball and read him the poem. That's why he remembered it." There. I said it.
Her words hung in the air as if the other two half-believed her. But only for a second. Then Paul snorted and Dulcimer leaned forward and said, "I've worked hard to become the weirdest person in this school, and now you just show up and think you're going to be. You have to do better than that."
"Yes," Paul said, waving his fingers in Olivia's direction and talking in a spooky voice, "you must proooove yourself. You must--" He hesitated, thinking. Then his eyes lit up. "You must make Dulcimer into a great musician."
Surprisingly, Dulcimer burst out laughing. This surprised Olivia, who thought she ought to be insulted. "Yes!" Dulcimer said. "That would really be magic." Olivia noticed, though, that her eyes were bright and she blinked a couple of times. Dulcimer didn't want to show it, but she was hurt.
Alex showed up just then. "Aha!" Paul said. "Have they accepted you on Teen Jeopardy yet?"
"You always make fun of me," Alex said. "But Olivia saw through me."
"I'm sure she did," said Paul.
"She's my expiration."
"Inspiration," Olivia said immediately.
"And now I'm going to help her," Alex said.
All eyes turned to Olivia. She blushed.
"See, I had a dream where I was a cat," said Alex.
"Stop it," Olivia said.
Alex seemed surprised. "Don't you want me to tell them?"
"Please," said Paul. "Tell us."
"It isn't anything dirty," Alex reassured them.
"Oh, well, then forget it," Paul said.
"Go ahead," Olivia said, exasperated. "Now that you've got them all excited."
"Well, it was just that I was going to help her in--, insti--"
"Investigate," said Olivia.
"Right," Alex said. "In...ves...tigate the secret code."
"We'll help too," Paul offered. "If you're a cat, can I be one too?"
"No, you can't," Alex responded. "It's in my dream. And I've got the book."
"What book is that?" asked Paul.
"Ha. The one with the coded messages," Alex said triumphantly.
"Is this one of the X-Men comic books?" Paul asked.
"That's it!" said Dulcimer. "I knew she managed to connect the poem to the comic books."
"No, this is entirely different," said Alex. "The poem just kind of stuck in my head. But the book with the secret code--"
"Is just something I found," interrupted Olivia. "And I want you to give it back to me, Alex. Today."
"Oh, I can't," he said. "Right after school, my family's going out to our summer home in the Hamptons. But you can come along." He gave her the sly look again. She shivered. It wasn't fair to girls that anybody could be as sexy as Alex.
"No, my aunt and I are going to do something this weekend," she forced herself to say.
"She could come too. We've got a big house."
"Maybe we could all go," suggested Paul.
"I didn't invite you," said Alex. 
Paul shrugged. "My family's got a bigger country house than yours does. Nya nya."
"Stop, please," said Olivia. "Alex, I just can't go with you. But promise me, you'll give me that book back on Monday."
"I promise," he said, giving Olivia a sweet look that reminded her why she thought he was such a hottie in the first place. For a second, she was tempted to accept his invitation, but then fought back the impulse.

On Fridays, the Knickerbocker actually let out an hour early, so that its students' families could get a head start leaving New York for their country homes. As Olivia looked for René's cab in the line of cars outside, Madison suddenly appeared in front of her. 
"That was so clever of you to help Alex memorize the poem," Madison said.
Olivia was wary. She hoped the story of the crystal ball hadn't gotten to Madison. "He worked hard," she said.
"Alex only works hard on his comic books," said Madison.
"Maybe he's changed."
"Anyway, I just wanted to let you know that memorizing that poem won't help you or him raise your grades."
Olivia knew that was supposed to make her curious, but she couldn't help asking, "Why not?"
"Because your favorite teacher, Ms. Noyes, won't be here long enough to give grades."
Olivia felt as if somebody had punched her in the stomach. "Is that so?" she asked. Weak reply.
"My father will see to that," said Madison smugly.
Assume control. "He may not be such a big deal as you think." Olivia could hardly believe she said it, even after she said it.
Madison looked like lightning bolts were about to come out of her eyes. Olivia noticed that some of the other students were watching them.
"Who do you think you are?" Madison said. "You just walk in here with corn growing out of your ears and think you can take my boyfriend away and insult my father? You'll see what he can do when they tell you the Knickerbocker no longer wants you here either."
"I'll look forward to that," Olivia said. She'd heard somebody say that line in a movie, and always hoped she could use it. Now, the best thing to do is turn and walk calmly away, she told herself, and not show everybody that I'm trembling with rage.
Fortunately, René had pulled up at just the right place and she only had to take a few steps to reach the cab. René was apparently a mind-reader too, because he stepped out to open the door for Olivia. She slid in like a queen. Mother couldn't have done it better. Well, of course Mother would have done it tall and thin, but it's a start. She looked out the window to see Madison still giving her the fire-dragon stare. Olivia wiggled her fingers in a dainty bye-bye.

"You looked like you were about to fight that girl," René said when the cab was underway.
"We were just exchanging compliments," said Olivia.
"She wears a lot of makeup," he commented. "It's not proper. Young girls don't need all that paint."
"Maybe she's insecure," said Olivia, and then laughed. Who's the most insecure person you know, Olivia? she asked herself.
After René let her off, Olivia walked down the street to Eva's again. This time, she hesitated before ringing the bell. But only for a moment. I don't have to do anything I don't want to do, she told herself. 
Eva was happy to see her. "We're becoming good friends," she commented as she motioned Olivia toward the sofa. Olivia noticed that Eva had cleared most of the junk off of it, as if she had expected another visit. She slipped off her backpack and rested it on the floor.
"Tea?"
Olivia nodded. "After all, I have all weekend to sleep."
"None of that, now," Eva called as she headed toward the kitchen. "I only served that once. This will give you lots of energy."
The cat wandered out from somewhere and looked Olivia over again. It made her wonder about Alex. And whether he took the book with him to the country house. She shook her head, telling herself to think of something else before Eva returned.
Olivia concentrated on the tea when Eva brought it. Brownish-orange. Had a sharp smell. "Put a little lemon in it," said Eva, holding out a small silver tray with lemon slices. Olivia took one and as she squeezed it, she noticed how the scent blended nicely with the spicy tea. It was lots better than the tea at Alex's house.
"Aunt Tilda told me about the...practitioners," Olivia said abruptly, reminding herself not to say witch. "She said they shouldn't hurt people. Is that true?"
Eva took a sip of her own tea before responding. "I may not be the right person to ask," she said.
"Because you hurt somebody...a long time ago," Olivia said.
A smile briefly crossed Eva's face. "Quite a long while it's been." For a moment she stared at something only she could see, and then said, "That kind of spell is called chaos magic, or black magic by some. You can hurt people, yes you certainly can. But it's a very dangerous thing to try. It has...consequences. Things may happen that you don't expect."
"But what if you were helping people? Could you make someone, for example, be good at music?"
"That's rather a tall order," Eva said. "I take it your friend was able to remember the poem?"
"Yes. Thank you. He did very well."
"So now you want him to be musical as well? I warned you about trying to build them to order."
"It's not him. It's this girl I know."
"I see. Want to help all your friends, eh? This kind of thing can be difficult, depending on the person. Is she Irish?"
"My friend? No, she's Jewish."
"Well, that won't be too hard, then. Jews have a lot of music in them."
"Her parents are musicians."
"Fine, then it's in her blood. Just needs to come out."
Olivia thought that sounded a lot like Mrs. Foley, and felt a little guilty. "Do you want me to get the crystal ball?" she asked.
Eva shook her head. "The crystal won't help. This requires a bit more trouble. First of all, we'd need something that came from her. A lock of hair would be best."
"Hair?" Olivia thought of Dulcimer's bright pink hair. "Is it all right if it's dyed?"
"As long as it was honestly grown from the person's head. No wigs."
Olivia thought about it, and Eva added, "Fingernail clippings would do. In the old days, when wars plagued the land, we would use a hand or a foot or even a finger. But those are seldom available any more. I guess your friend wouldn't want to give one up?"
"No," Olivia said, and then added, "she wouldn't actually have to know about this, would she?"
"Not at all. You're going to surprise her? But then she won't be able to properly thank you."
"If it works, I'll tell her."
Eva sniffed. "No ifs about it. If you don't believe I can do it, you shouldn't ask."
"Oh, I believe," Olivia said quickly. "Really I do. It's just...I guess I won't be able to get the hair until Monday."
"Monday's time enough. I'll be right here Monday unless James Sheelin finds me before then." Eva chuckled.
"Who is he?"
"One of the descendants of Desmond of Sheelin."
"Um...what would happen if he found you?"
"Why, he'd come to kill me, dear. That would lift the curse I placed on their family."
Olivia felt a little chill. The way Eva spoke, it sounded true. Olivia glanced at the apartment door, trying to remember if Eva locked it. Of course, she must have. "Is that...likely to happen?" Olivia asked.
"He's here in New York," Eva said. She pointed to the crystal ball. "I keep an eye on him. But no, I don't think he's on to me yet. The city's a big place. He thinks I'm in Sunnyside."
Seeing Olivia's baffled expression, Eva added, "An Irish neighborhood in Queens, dear. A lovely place, but too obvious for me to hide in. The Sheelins are fierce, but not clever."

Olivia finished her tea and went home, promising to bring a lock of hair from Dulcimer's head on Monday. She looked around nervously as she made the brief journey to her aunt's house. But of course James Sheelin might look like anyone, even the homeless man Aunt Tilda regularly spoke to.
Tilda was in the kitchen as usual, but the butcher-block table in the center of the room was covered with white dust. Flour, as it turned out. "Here you are," said Tilda. "Wash your hands and dry them thoroughly. We're going to make bread."
Olivia was intrigued, but a little disappointed. "I thought you were going to teach me how to be a...practitioner."
"I am, I am. Nothing more magical than making bread. Now get ready and pay attention."
After Olivia washed her hands, Tilda brought out a large knife with a shiny black handle that had carved designs on it. "This is my athame," Tilda said "All practitioners have one and use it to control spirits."
"Have you got one for me?"
"Not yet," said Tilda. Then she took a large ceramic bowl and sprinkled some flour into the bottom of it. "Watch," she told Olivia, and used the athame to draw a five-pointed star in the flour. "That's a pentacle," she said. It's the symbol of the Lady of Earth, who blesses our work."
She then measured out five cups of flour and put them in the bowl, adding a teaspoon of salt, a crumbled cake of yeast, and a half cup of brown sugar. "Eva says sugar is poison," Olivia said timidly.
"It is for the Irish," Tilda replied. "Bad teeth. If I were making bread for her, I wouldn't add it. Now pay attention to how I use the athame." She cut through the dry mixture several times, mixing it in the process.
"That is our earth," Tilda said. "Now for the water." She filled a large ceramic cup with tap water, and stirred it with the athame. "The cup," she told Olivia, "is a chalice, also used in rituals and ceremonies."
"Why do you have to mix the water?" Olivia asked.
"I'm not mixing it, I'm driving out any spirits that might be hiding in it."
"Couldn't you see them if there were?"
"Obviously not. And don't think there aren't any. This water has flowed through miles of pipes under the New York City streets. It's almost surely infested with spirits. They're all around us, waiting for a chance to get loose." Olivia fingered the sachet Eva had given her, glad that she had it.
After clearing the water, Tilda started pouring it a little at a time into the flour mixture, mixing it in with the athame. When she was satisfied with the consistency, she put the bowl aside, sprinkled flour on the table and again drew a pentacle in it.
"Now comes the hard part," she announced. She dumped the flour mixture onto the table and sliced it neatly into two portions. "Did you ever knead bread?" she asked.
Olivia misunderstood. "Well, Mother's cook ran out of it during a party and got fired," she replied.
"I don't mean did you ever require or want bread," said Tilda. "I meant this," and she put both her hands on one of the portions and began squeezing, pounding, folding, and rolling it. "The dough has to wake up," she told Olivia. "This is how you do it. Go ahead, give it a try."
Olivia followed her example. It was fun at first, like molding clay or Play-Doh. But after about five minutes, it started to become a chore. "My hands are getting tired," she told Tilda.
"Then you need the exercise," Tilda replied. "Do this every week and you won't get arthritis."
I wasn't getting arthritis before, thought Olivia.
"But you will," said Tilda. "If you just sit around counting your money."
"Did Warren G. Harding's wife do this?" Olivia asked.
"I imagine she did."
"What I mean is, how did that help him become president?"
Tilda smiled and redoubled her efforts with the dough. "Keep at it," she urged Olivia. "You expect that magic is just waving a wand and mumbling some magic words. It's work too. It's learning your craft from the bottom up. Walk before you can run, or you'll fall down and bump your head."
At last, Tilda decided that the dough had been kneaded enough. She prepared two more bowls and put the lumps inside, covering both with a damp cloth. "Now we let the Lady do her part," she said.
"Put them in the oven?" Olivia suggested.
"Oh, not yet, not yet. The dough has to rise. Let's go outside and enjoy the last of the summer."
Aunt Tilda's garden wasn't all that big. The swimming pool at Olivia's parents' house was larger than the whole area, flagstones and all. But Tilda had managed to fit a lot into it. They sat on two wicker chairs that faced the planted area. A tree grew near the back fence. Some of its leaves were already starting to turn red and yellow. A rose bush still had a few remaining blooms on it, and some chrysanthemums were starting to put out buds. 
"Pay attention," Tilda said, surprising Olivia who thought she was already paying attention.
"I don't mean concentrate," said Tilda. "That's different. Paying attention is being calm and allowing yourself to experience what's going on. You're tense, because you're always thinking about yourself. Don't worry so much. Sit and listen and watch."
Olivia made an effort to do what Tilda said.
"You're still trying," Tilda told her. "Not trying is the key."
Sounds pretty stupid, Olivia thought before she remembered that Tilda could read her mind. Then she decided that the only way not to allow Tilda to do that was to think of nothing at all.
It wasn't easy. Threads of the things that bothered Olivia kept creeping into her head. Dulcimer and her hair...Alex and Wolverine and the cat...Ms. Noyes and the poetry...Madison and her threats...Eva and James Sheelin...
Tilda waved her hand very slowly to catch Olivia's eye and then pointed to the tree. Olivia looked, and then realized a small bird was making a noise. Not a song, really. A call of danger. She followed the bird's angry look, and saw that Julius was sitting in the doorway, eyeing the bird.
Olivia hadn't even heard the bird before, nor seen Julius for that matter. But as she watched, all at once she became aware of other things: a yellow leaf separated from the tree and floated down to the pavestones where Olivia was sitting. Looking at that, she saw a few ants marching purposefully forward and saw that they were heading for a dead caterpillar, which was already covered by a swarm of ants. Somehow this didn't seem yucky to Olivia. It was just part of something that was going on.
And then she realized that she herself was part of everything that was going on. It was like slipping into a swimming pool on a warm day. As easily as that, you found yourself in the water and it surrounded you, enclosed you, made you part of it.
Olivia became aware that there were other sounds and other things moving. A breeze rustled the dry leaves, which moved across the pavestones, getting in the way of the ants, who started moving them. Rose petals fell and scattered, leaving behind the husk at the heart of the flower. For a second Olivia thought she could smell it. Then she realized she actually could smell the herbs Tilda had planted here. So many kinds....hard to tell one from another....some sweet, some spicy, some bitter.
And here she was, sitting in the midst of it. Waiting. Olivia's eyes opened wide. "I'm supposed to do something," she said to Aunt Tilda. It seemed like a remarkable discovery, but Tilda only nodded and said, "We all are."
Olivia was excited. She had never felt anything like this before, but Tilda had been right: as soon as she tried to notice what was going on, everything went back to normal. The bird flew away, Julius lay down and closed his eyes and the ants didn't seem so important.
"Time for some magic," Tilda said.
"That was magic," Olivia replied.
"It was a good start, but wait till you see how the dough has risen," Tilda told her.

It was true. The dough had doubled in size. Olivia wasn't really aware that was what happened when bread got made. But it was far from over. Tilda seemed to think it was necessary to knead it all over again and let it rise a second time before shaping the dough into loaves and putting them in the oven.
"Not long now," she told Olivia. This time, when they went outside to wait, Tilda poured glasses of juice. "What is this?" Olivia asked when she tasted hers. 
"A recipe of mine," Tilda said. "I think it needs a little more cranberry. Do you think it's too sweet?"
"I think you should bottle and sell it and make a million dollars."
"If you knew what was in bottled soft drinks, you'd never go near another one," said Tilda. "They have preservatives and artificial flavorings and chemicals designed to make you want more."
"How do you make this?" 
"Start with real fruit and press the juice from it. For this batch I used oranges, lemons, cranberries, and currants. I used to put in strawberries, but you can't buy decent ones at this time of year. Next June we'll find some real ones at a farmer's market."
"It's a lot of work, though," commented Olivia. "Like the bread." Secretly, she thought that home-made bread couldn't be good enough to justify all the work, when you could just go to the store and buy as much as you needed. Not even Tilda's bread could be that good.
Tilda smiled.
When Olivia finally bit into a slice of the bread, she realized she was wrong. It wasn't like any bread she'd ever had before. In fact, it wasn't like bread at all. It was like some delicious new food that Tilda had just invented. "It is a lot of work," Tilda said. "And if you find a really good family-owned bakery, you can come close to it. But bakeries don't use athames, and I wanted to teach you some magic."
"Can't you use magic to knead it?" asked Olivia, whose hands still ached.
"The Lady wants you to make a contribution to the process," Tilda replied. "Otherwise you won't appreciate the result."
Chapter Ten
For the rest of the weekend, Aunt Tilda showed Olivia magical things. At first, like the bread, they didn't seem particularly like magic, but as Olivia got into them, she saw the point. Sometimes the two of them just sat in the back yard and entered into what was going on all around them. Or they went for a walk and all of a sudden things were transformed. Olivia saw things in a new light. She wanted to pick up all the colorful leaves that were falling from the trees because they seemed as precious as jewels. Tilda smiled and said, "They're a gift, but the kind of gift that you can't hoard or save. Learn to enjoy them in the moment and then store them in your memory."
Tilda did have a wand, even if she refused to call it a magic wand, and as they passed Danny, the homeless man, she reached out and touched him with it. All of a sudden, he looked different to Olivia. Sure, he still needed a shave badly and smelled like he hadn't had a bath in much too long. And the three or four filthy black ski jackets he wore still made him look like he could bounce off the sidewalk if he fell down, but there was a different look on his face. Calm, intelligent, and...something even better.
"Is it time?" he asked Tilda. He looked down at himself. "I'll need armor."
"No, not yet," she told him. "You need to go down to the clinic, however. It's the twentieth of the month."
"I don't like it there. They make me take pills and I forget who I really am."
Tilda touched him with the wand again, so gently that he didn't notice. "It will help you regain your throne," she said.
A peaceful look came over his face. "I will go," he said. "But I will return."
"Your subjects are counting on it," she said. "So you must take care of yourself."
He pulled himself to his feet and walked off in the other direction. Olivia commented, "Is he going to get help?" she asked.
"He needs to renew his meds," Tilda responded.
"And then he won't imagine he's a king anymore?"
"He won't remember when he was a king," said Tilda.
They walked on a little as Olivia considered this. "He really was?" she asked timidly.
"Once upon a time," Tilda said, "as all fairy tales begin."
"And he really could be again? Or do you just tell him that?"
"You must believe first," Tilda said, "if you are going to make it happen."
Olivia thought some more. "So why do you encourage him to take his meds to forget?"
"It isn't time yet," Tilda said. "He's under a curse. Remembering only makes him unhappy."
 "Why don't you just lift the curse?"
"You think I can do anything? What about the person who put the curse on him? Do I want to make enemies I don't need? Magic is a very hazardous business, Olivia. If you really want to learn it, remember that."
Olivia felt a little hurt. "I thought you were teaching me."
"I am. But there's a lot to teach."
"Does that mean I can't have a wand or an ath..athame?"
"Not yet. And really, they find you, not the other way around."
"How will they find me?"
"When you're ready, they will."

Later, tired of answering Olivia's questions, Tilda took her to the room on the second floor that held the library. When Olivia realized where they were going, she tried to get out of it, because she worried that Tilda would notice that her book was missing. Tilda insisted, however, and sat Olivia down in a comfortable chair, turning on a reading lamp. As Tilda looked on the shelves for the book she had in mind, Olivia's eyes crept to the place where she had found the John Dee book, way up on the top shelf. 
She blinked. There wasn't an empty space there any longer. From here, Olivia couldn't read the title of the book that was there, but it didn't even look like the John Dee book. Had Aunt Tilda replaced it? If so, why hadn't she asked Olivia what happened to the missing book?
Olivia suddenly reminded herself not to think about all this, but fortunately Tilda was distracted by searching for the other book, and wasn't reading minds. She brought out a book titled Helping Others Through Wicca, gave it to Olivia, and left her alone to read it.
It wasn't as interesting as she'd hoped. She wanted to know specifically how you could do magical things, but this was a kind of encouraging book about witches and what good things they often did. It started by saying that witches had gotten a bad name from people who were superstitious and afraid. Men as well as women could be witches, though men witches were sometimes called warlocks. 
Olivia soon grew tired of the book and left it on the table as Tilda had asked her to. She took another nervous look at the place on the shelves where the John Dee book had been. It was awfully high up, she realized--way too high for Olivia to reach. Maybe she was thinking of the wrong place. Then she remembered, however, that the book had kind of fallen off the shelf and into her hand. She thought of what Tilda had said about the wand an athame. How they found you.
That made Olivia nervous, and she left the room. That evening, when she was eating dinner with Tilda, she had to remind herself not to think about the John Dee book. Pretty early, she said she was tired and went to bed.

Monday morning Olivia got into the cab and took a new look at René. Taking a walk through the neighborhood with Tilda had made Olivia conscious of the fact that things--and people--were not as they seemed. René might be a witch, or a warlock. She recalled Tilda's saying that Mr. Feldstein might have been a witch. Maybe everyone in school was, and it was all a big joke on Olivia.
It was almost reassuring to find Alex waiting at her locker. If he was a witch, then Olivia might as well give up trying to escape. "Did you bring my book?" she remembered to ask him. Maybe the book had magically disappeared over the weekend. Then she wouldn't have to worry about it any more.
"Um, no, it's still at my house," he admitted.
Olivia felt angry. "You know, if you think you can get me to come over and make out with you just by keeping my book--" she began.
He put up both hands as if to ward her off. "No, listen," he told her. "I found a way to figure out what that coded part in the back of the book means."
"You did," she repeated, sounding as doubtful as she felt.
Sensing her skepticism, he added, "Well, really, I dreamed it."
"Oh, I see now," she said. "Like when you dreamed you were my cat." She gathered up her books and started down the hall. Alex stayed close behind.
"Kind of like that," he said. "Only now I was on the computer. Looking at eBay."
"As a cat?"
"Just looking. I don't know if I was a cat or not, OK? The important thing is that I found a code translator on eBay."
Olivia couldn't help laughing, but when she saw the downcast look on Alex's face, she took his arm. "I'm sorry," she said. "It just sounded funny."
"But listen," he went on, "it really was on eBay."
"In your dream."
"No, when I woke up, I remembered how to find it and I went on line and looked it up."
"And it was really there?"
"Yeah, exact same thing."
"Oh, come on, Alex."
"I know it sounds a little weird..."
Olivia sighed. How to tell him it was flat-out batfloop?
"Anyway," he said, "I ordered it."
"You ordered it?"
"Yeah, it wasn't an auction. Just a buy-it-now sale."
Olivia couldn't help it: she was curious.
"Is this a book?" she asked.
Alex smiled. "See, now you're interested. I think it's something that you use, like a magnifying glass. It has a name."
"A name?"
"I wrote it down because it was one of those words I can't remember." He handed her a small piece of paper.
Olivia read: Decodesphere. "I never heard of it," she said. "Maybe you spelled it wrong."
"Well, it's guaranteed to work," said Alex. He always seemed pretty confident for somebody who otherwise wasn't too smart. "Anyway, now you've got to let me hold onto your book until we can translate it."
Olivia caught the implications in that "we." But then she shrugged. What did it matter? It would be interesting to see what kind of scam Alex had bought into.
"How much did this cost, anyway?" Olivia asked.
"Don't worry about it," said Alex. "My dad's got lots of money."
That made Olivia suspicious, but if Alex's dad didn't mind, why should she?

Anyway, Olivia had something else on her mind: namely, how to obtain a lock of Dulcimer's hair. She thought about it for most of the morning. The only thing that she really learned in class was that Pocahontas, Captain John Smith's girlfriend who saved his life in the movies, was in real life just a ten-year-old girl. When Mr. Feldstein mentioned that she used to turn cartwheels, naked, through the camp of the English settlers, it put a new light on the whole story. (As well as bringing forth suggestions from some of the boys how the tale could be improved if one of the girls in the class volunteered to re-enact it.)
Ms. Noyes continued with her poetry obsession, even though their literature text had plenty of prose in it. Olivia suspected that Ms. Noyes was staying with poetry as a way of showing that Madison, and Madison's father, couldn't decide what she should be teaching. So it was no surprise (to Olivia, anyway) when, at the end of class, Ms. Noyes chose another poem from the book and said that those who wished to do so could memorize it for Friday. She didn't even sound sarcastic when she said "those who wished to do so." Or when she added, "Anyone who does will, of course, raise their final grade."

Lunchtime came at last, and that meant pizza. Olivia felt just a twinge of guilt, or perhaps it was fear about what Mother would say if she knew that her daughter was eating at least once a day at a pizza parlor. "Not that I'm complaining," she said to the others, "but do you really eat pizza every day?"
"It's the perfect food," Paul responded. "Has all four of the major food groups--bread, vegetable, dairy and meat, providing you count anchovies as meat. Even the anchovies provide protein, in a form that is a lot less likely to clog your arteries than, say, hamburger."
"Could I write that down?" Olivia asked. "Just in case anybody asks?"
"If you want totally boring food," Dulcimer added, "come over and eat kosher at my house on Saturdays. That's guaranteed to show you the advantages of junk food."
"Maybe I will," Olivia said.
"My parents will be impressed that I know the daughter of movie stars."
"Really?" Olivia asked. She'd never thought of herself as somebody you could show off.
"I doubt it, actually," Dulcimer admitted. "Maybe if your parents were classical musicians."
Which reminded Olivia of what she wanted to do today. Over the weekend, she'd devised an excuse. "You know," she said to Dulcimer. "I really like your hair."
Dulcimer pulled the end of one side of her hair down to where she could see it. She frowned. "You do?" Evidently, she was deciding it wasn't shocking enough, if somebody could actually like it.
"Yeah, I wanted to get mine toned the same color."
Paul stopped eating to stare at her. Dulcimer raised her eyebrows--along with the rings in them--as if she wondered whether Olivia was putting her on. Paul gestured toward Alex, who was at the counter getting  pizza for him and Olivia. "Do you think he'll like it?"
Olivia gave a little shrug. "Who cares?" she said.
"Well," said Dulcimer, "you start with a box of raspberry Jell-O..."
Olivia took out a notebook and nodded eagerly as Dulcimer described the ingredients. "You know," Olivia said when the list was complete, "I'd really like to have a sample of your hair, so I can be sure of a perfect match."
Dulcimer shifted uneasily in her chair. "Well," she said uncertainly, "I don't know if I want somebody copying my hair exactly..."
"We could be like twins," Olivia suggested, hoping Dulcimer wanted a sister. 
At that point, Alex brought the pizzas, and Dulcimer looked at him in desperation. "Do you think Olivia should dye her hair my color?" she asked.
Sitting down, he looked back and forth between the two girls. Finally, he said, "If she wants."
Even Olivia was surprised, but took advantage of the moment. "You don't happen to have a scissors, do you, Alex?" she asked.
Picking up a piece of sausage pizza, he nodded. With his other hand, he reached into his pants pocket. "Swiss army knife," he explained, setting the many-tooled pocket knife on the table. Olivia picked it up and found the scissors part.
By now, Dulcimer was definitely showing signs of resistance. She put up her hands and leaned away. "I'll just take a small piece," Olivia reassured her. Short of jumping up and running away, Dulcimer had no choice and in a few seconds, Olivia held a lock of her hair.
"It doesn't show," Olivia reassured her. But Dulcimer kept fingering the cut end, as if she felt something was missing. 
On the way back to school after lunch, Paul managed to whisper to Olivia, "Don't tell anyone I said this, but that color doesn't really suit you. You're not the Goth type."
"I'll think about it," Olivia said. "I may want to change my image."

They had music class on Tuesdays and Thursdays, so Olivia went straight to Eva's apartment after school. She didn't want Dulcimer to have to go through another session of misery administered by Mrs. Foley. When Olivia handed the lock of hair to her, Eva inspected it curiously. "This is someone's hair?" she asked. "Why on earth would she want it to be this color?"
"It's kind of a...statement," said Olivia.
"I see. She's what they call a free spirit," responded Eva. "Lucky for her she lives when she does. There have been times when she would have been burned at the stake. Even today, in some places..." Eva trailed off without completing the thought.
Olivia felt a chill go through her. She hadn't quite believed it when Tilda told her, but hearing Eva say it made it sound real. Like something she really had seen. Sometime during the past eight hundred years.
 "Well," Eva went on, "Perhaps that will make our task easier. Her soul wants to soar. We'll give her the chance to do it with music."
Humming, Eva began to gather things for whatever she planned to do. She cleared a space on the coffee table in front of the couch and set down a flat-bottomed white dish. "Let's see...music," she said, half to herself, then nodded. "Bat's blood." She went to the kitchen and returned with a small jar of something that looked more black than red. As she shook it in one hand, she opened the lid of a small metal box on a shelf and took out a gray feather. "You're supposed to use a lark feather," she explained to Olivia, "but I took some from a pigeon on my windowsill. What New Yorkers call pigeons are really doves anyway. Make do with what you have, is my motto."
Eva dipped the quill end of the feather in the jar of bat's blood and drew a pentagram on the bottom of the white dish. "Do you know any Latin?" she asked Olivia.
"Um...no." 
"That's all right. I'll say the charm and you repeat it. But you'll have to burn the hair and concentrate on your friend. Or is she your enemy?"
"No, friend." Olivia must have looked puzzled, because Eva added, "Some of these charms are very close to things you would use on an enemy."
"I just want her to be good at music."
Eva smiled slightly. "Being good at something is not always a blessing." She placed the lock of Dulcimer's hair on the pentagram in the dish. Then she took a black candle from a shelf, struck a match and, muttering something under her breath, lit the candle.
She handed it to Olivia. "This will be very easy," Eva said. "I'll say the words, and you repeat them while you burn the hair with the candle. Picture your friend in your mind. What is her name?"
"Dulcimer," Olivia replied. She was having trouble holding the candle still. Her hand was shaking.
"Dulcimer it is. Ready?"
Olivia simply nodded. She was staring at the hair, almost feeling as if she were about to burn Dulcimer.
"Ego dico Dulcimer..." Eva began.
"Ego dico Dulcimer."
"filia et peritia..." Eva motioned for Olivia to start burning the hair. Olivia had forgotten, and now she rushed to poke the candle flame into the bright pink strands, which immediately caught fire.
"filia et peritia," Olivia repeated, her eyes fixed on the hair, which looked like it was shooting off small fireworks.
"musicae," Eva said, raising her hands to show that she was finished.
"musicae," repeated Olivia. The hair had burned up quickly, leaving a sweetish smell in the room.
"Now drip a little wax in the dish and set the candle into it," Eva told her.
When Olivia did this, she and Eva simply sat and stared at the flame. "Keep thinking about your friend," Eva instructed her.
Olivia did, but she was nervous. This seemed much more real, more frightening, than when she had watched Alex in the crystal.
"Close your eyes," Eva said, and Olivia obeyed. The image of Dulcimer was stronger now. She looked unhappy, the way she had looked the other day in Mrs. Foley's class. Olivia wished for her to change.
And then Dulcimer disappeared. It was so surprising that Olivia opened her eyes. As she did, she saw the candle had gone out, leaving only a thin trail of smoke coming from the wick.
"Why did it go out?" she asked. "Did you put it out?"
"No," said Eva. "It went out by itself. It was time. The spell was cast."
Olivia felt something brush against her leg and she jumped to her feet. Looking down, she saw the yellow-green eyes of Eva's cat.
"That's just Brighde," said Eva. "She's pleased with you."
"Why?"
"Evidently because you succeeded. But you can't take Brighde with you, dear. I'm very attached to her."
Olivia had no wish to take Brighde away. She felt a little weak, but remembered to ask Eva, "When will the...spell take effect?"
"Evidently it already has," Eva said.
"So tomorrow...she can play music? Just like that?"
"I would imagine she could do it now."

Olivia went back home to Tilda's, and as soon as she let herself into the house, she felt another warm, fuzzy creature rubbing her leg. "Julius?" she said.
It was Julius, acting as though they had been old friends forever. Olivia tried to ignore him and went on to the kitchen, where Tilda was pouring a pot of thick orange liquid into jars. 
"What's that?" Olivia asked. 
"Red and yellow pepper extract," said Tilda, "with a few other things added. I make it for all my friends so they can have a jar or two all winter. It cures colds."
"Nothing cures colds," said Olivia.
Tilda smiled and glanced at her. "We can test that theory when you catch a cold," she replied. Then she gave Olivia a second, longer glance. "You look as if you've been to Eva's."
Olivia tried to laugh, but it came out weak-sounding. "How...what would that look like?"
"Like you've been casting spells."
Olivia bit her lip. "I was only trying to help someone I know."
"You shouldn't get the idea that all the troubles of the world can be solved by magic," said Tilda. "Some people believe they're made worse by magic. Did Eva tell you about Desmond of Sheelin?"
"Yes."
"And how she has to stay inside her veil most of the time so James Sheelin can't find her?"
"No. Inside her what?"
"Veil. A protective shield created by magic that conceals her from those who are looking for her."
"No, I didn't know that."
"So even though Eva is probably better at casting spells than anyone you'll ever meet, she can't completely control them. They're not just for fun. Every time you cast one, you change yourself. Be careful. Learn the craft."
"The cats knew," Olivia said to herself.
"What's that?"
"Eva's cat and Julius. They were friendlier to me afterward."
"Mmm." Tilda filled the last of the empty jars on the table. She slid her finger along the side of the pot and licked it. "Cures colds...and tastes good," she said nodding with satisfaction. "Want a taste?"
Olivia said yes, and Tilda handed her a spoon. Olivia blinked when she tried a sample. "It's like...something that makes you warm all over," she said.
Tilda smiled. "As good a description as any," she replied.
Olivia sat down to help Tilda put lids on the jars. "Aunt Tilda," she asked, "do all wit--, do all practitioners have cats?"
"Many do," said Tilda. "But a few have other animals. Dogs are usually not suitable, but I knew one practitioner who had a raven."
"Suitable for what?"
"They're called familiars, dear. They serve a number of purposes, including a second pair of eyes and ears. Their senses are often keener than ours. And sometimes they find things in places we wouldn't think to look."
Olivia had a strange idea. "Could a person be a familiar?"
"Another person?"
"Yes. Say...a boy?"
Tilda laughed. "Well, he'd have to be pretty weak-minded and eager to please you."
"Yes," Olivia said. And it didn't hurt that he was sexy.
Tilda gave her a sharp look. "It wouldn't be a very good idea, though," she said. "People have the right to be free in their actions. Remember the first rule I told you?"
"If it hurt none, do as thou wilt," repeated Olivia.
"Turning a person into someone who does your every wish...would you want that to happen to you?"
Olivia tried to think of some situation that might enable her to say yes, but couldn't. "I guess not," she said. "But some people--" she started to say.
Tilda put up her hand. "Yes, some people do accept subordinate roles. But it hurts both them and the person who accepts the superior role."
"Teachers accept superior roles," argued Olivia.
"That's true. But do you have to obey their every wish, in and out of school? Would you want to?"
"So it wouldn't be a good idea," Olivia said, trying not to allow the thought of Alex enter her mind, where Tilda could see it.
"If it hurt none..." Tilda repeated.
Chapter Eleven
For the first time, Olivia was waiting outside Tilda's house in the morning even before René arrived. She was eager to see if Dulcimer acted any different. Also, she wanted to get away from Tilda so she could think about Alex. He wasn't really Olivia's familiar. He didn't stay with her all the time, for one thing. He was just a sexy guy who had a crush on her.
And someone she had cast a spell over. 
Eva had told Olivia that the spell would go away. It hadn't, at least not totally, and here Alex was, finding things online that Olivia wanted. Trying to please her. Olivia wasn't sure how to handle it.
So she was annoyed when she found him waiting for her at her locker as usual. "I had another dream," he told her.
She drew herself up to her full height, which still left her about eight inches short of looking eye-to-eye with him. "Alex," she said, "I am going to tell you something, and I want you to remember it."
He slumped his shoulders and hung his head. She felt guilty already, but went on: "I want you to take that book and put it in your comic-book room and not take it to bed with you, understand?"
Alex nodded. Olivia wondered for a second just how much of this he would take. The thought frightened her, and she toned down her voice a little. "I don't think it's good for you."
"O.K.," he said, "but do you want to hear what I dreamed?"
Despite herself, she was curious. "All right," she said. "You can tell me."
"I had this dream about us," he said.
Hearing that made her uncomfortable, but she asked, "You weren't a cat, were you?"
"No," he said. "Why do you always ask me that?"
She shook her head. "Forget it. Who were you?"
"I was just me, and we were in this garden where there were a whole lot of flowers. Roses and things. I didn't know their names."
"All right, and then?"
"Well, you were sitting on the grass near the garden, and you were reading the book."
"That same book."
"Right. Only now you could understand it, I guess, because you were reading it."
"O.K., was that it?"
"No, see I kept picking the flowers and bringing them over to you and putting them around you."
In spite of herself, Olivia said, "That was nice."
"Well, I wanted it to be nice, but you didn't pay any attention. You just kept reading the book and I kept bringing the flowers and pretty soon the flowers had completely covered you up. All I could see was this pile of flowers."
"It was nice of you anyway," she said.
"And then I heard some other people coming, and I turned to look and they were all dressed in black and carrying flowers too. So I realized...you know."
She didn't quite get it. "Know what? Who were these other people?"
"They must have been your relatives and stuff. Because it was your funeral."
She felt like he'd hit her in the stomach. "All right, now stop, Alex. That's enough."
"But see...."
"Stop it!" Several people in the corridor turned to look. Olivia could imagine how fast the story would get around that she'd had to fight off Alex. Madison would get a charge out of that.
She slammed her locker and rushed off down the hall. It was useless to try to outrun Alex, however. His longer legs let him walk along beside her. "Hey, you didn't let me finish," he said.
"I don't want to hear how they lowered me into the ground," she said.
"That's the thing, see. I came over to where you were. The coffin was open and you were lying there. It was like Snow White, remember? So I bent over to kiss you, and your eyes opened. You weren't dead after all."
This part of the story made Olivia even more uncomfortable. "I wasn't?"
"No, and you got up out of the coffin and I took your hand and we walked past all the people."
"Where did we go?"
"No place, I guess. I woke up then. And I realized I was supposed to help you."
"I'm not sure..." she began.
"With the decoding, remember? This was what I was supposed to do."
"You didn't get that thing you sent for yet, did you?"
"I paid for them to FedEx it to me. It ought to arrive today. You'll have to come home with me after school so we can open it together."
"I'm feeling tired, Alex. Maybe we could do it some other time."
"Aren't you interested in finding out what the code in the book says?" he said. "I thought you really wanted to know."
"Well, I do, but..." This is too creepy, she thought. The guy is dreaming about seeing me dead. Maybe he'd want to help me become dead so he can take his revenge every year, like Wolverine does. She shook her head, trying to think clearly. No, he's weaker-minded than I am. He's my familiar. Assume control.
She stopped and looked straight at him. "Alex," she said sternly.
"Yes?" He looked really eager to please.
"We'll discuss this later. I want to think about something else now."
He nodded. "Sure, O.K. whatever you want." And that was all, except of course that he walked a little too close to her all the way to class. She decided to let it go.

 When they arrived at Mr. Feldstein's classroom, Olivia sensed that something had happened. People were whispering to each other at their desks. It couldn't be Mr. Feldstein's latest masquerade, because he hadn't arrived yet. Olivia hoped he hadn't decided to do naked cartwheels.
She looked around for Paul and Dulcimer, but only saw Paul, who was sitting next to some new girl. Paul met Olivia's eyes and kind of shrugged. She didn't understand what he meant until she took a closer look at the new girl.
For a second, Olivia didn't believe what she saw. It wasn't a new girl. It was Dulcimer. Only she had totally changed. Her hair was dark brown--really, a much nicer color for her, Olivia thought--and she had taken out all the piercings. As Olivia came closer, she wondered if maybe this was Dulcimer's twin sister, just released from the asylum.
But no, there were the holes in her ears and her eyebrows and the rest of her face, where the piercings had been. They would grow over eventually. Provided Dulcimer didn't put the rings back in them.
Olivia slid into a seat next to Dulcimer. Just then Mr. Feldstein came through the doorway, dressed in another old-fashioned costume. At least this time it looked like a man's clothes.
"I am Pocahontas's husband," he announced. "What's my name?"
"John Smith," everyone automatically replied, thinking that at last they knew an answer.
"Wrong!" he shouted back. "John Smith has gone back to England in disgrace, and I have arrived in Jamestown, bringing these." He opened his palm to reveal some tiny seeds. "These are the seeds of the devil. They will make the Virginia colony rich and one day kill millions of Americans. What are they?"
"Why did you change your hair?" Olivia whispered to Dulcimer.
"I just felt like it," Dulcimer whispered back. "How come you didn't dye yours?"
"Ummm, my aunt is pretty rigid and vetoed the idea," Olivia replied. Liar, she called herself. "But...you removed your piercings too?"
Dulcimer looked away for a second, then leaned closer and said, "I decided that if you wanted to be the class weirdo, I wasn't going to compete."
Olivia wasn't quite sure how to take that. Then it occurred to her: this must have something to do with the spell. Could that be?
"Uhhh, can I ask you one other thing?" Olivia said, but right then Mr. Feldstein spotted them talking. "Ladies!" he said. "What would you do if you were kidnapped and forced to marry a man you didn't know and convert to his religion?"
He was looking straight at Dulcimer and Olivia. Olivia felt herself blush, but Dulcimer came up with an answer: "Is he hot?"
"Evidently Pocahontas thought so..." Mr. Feldstein continued. Olivia started to daydream about what she would do if Alex kidnapped her.

Dulcimer went to lunch with them at the pizza parlor, as usual, but she didn't want to answer their questions. "I just felt like it, O.K.?" she kept saying. "Maybe I just decided to grow up."
Paul decided to make a joke of it. "That's no fun," he said. "Didn't we agree we could always grow up, but then we'd have to be dull and stupid?"
"When did we first say that?" Dulcimer shot back. "In fourth grade? Well, I'm not rich like you are. I want to make something of myself. Something real."
Paul seemed hurt by that, but he kept smiling and didn't reply. Olivia felt guilty. Their friendship is breaking up, she thought, and it's my fault. Maybe she could ask Eva to adjust the spell a little.
The one thing Olivia was most curious about, of course, was whether Dulcimer could now play music. She got her answer that afternoon on the way to Mrs. Foley's class. Dulcimer was carrying a violin case.
"You couldn't have learned to play the violin overnight," Olivia said.
"My parents paid for me to have lessons in everything since I was four," Dulcimer responded. "I know how to play. I just totally suck at any instrument there is."
"But the violin is about the hardest, isn't it?"
"Yeah, I don't know, something came over me and I just decided to bring it today. Let Foley make fun of me, I don't care."
But Mrs. Foley was more shocked than anything else when Dulcimer took her seat with the students who had brought instruments. Then a suspicious look crept over her face. Olivia could see she thought Dulcimer was about to put on a terrible performance, just to make fun of the class--and the teacher.
"I didn't know you played the violin, Miss Weiss," said Mrs. Foley.
"I just woke up this morning and felt like it," Dulcimer replied.
"I see." Mrs. Foley seemed even more certain now that this would be a joke. Anyway, she distributed sheet music to all the students with string instruments. They put the sheets on stands and looked at one another. Olivia could see that the other students were thinking this was a difficult piece. But Dulcimer appeared very calm.
Mrs. Foley took her own violin and played a note that the others took up on their instruments. When everybody had gotten in tune, Mrs. Foley raised her bow like a conductor and nodded.
The group started off together, but pretty soon some began to fall behind. They just weren't good enough for this particular piece, and stopped playing. Madison was the best in the class, though, and she kept playing until she began to listen to Dulcimer, who was sitting right next to her. Olivia could see an odd look come over Madison's face. Because it was pretty clear that Dulcimer had suddenly become a wonderful musician.
Olivia's heart began to beat faster. She knew why Dulcimer was playing like this, and it made her feel excited, because she had caused it. Or helped to, anyway. Madison had no clue as to what was going on, however, and it drove her crazy. She kept glancing over as if she were wondering whether Dulcimer had a violin that was really a dock for an iPod. Finally Madison lost her place in the music and had to stop. Dulcimer kept right on going all by herself, and the room filled with the sounds of her playing. Suddenly Olivia understood why people enjoyed classical music, which she herself had never really liked. Dulcimer was bringing out all the emotions in it so that it was almost as good as the Jonas Brothers. Or maybe the Pogues.
Mrs. Foley had stopped keeping time with her bow, and was now just staring at Dulcimer. As the piece came to a conclusion, everybody in the class spontaneously applauded. Dulcimer smiled and looked around kind of shyly. Even Madison was clapping her hands.
"Well," Mrs. Foley said, sounding as short of breath as if she'd just run a mile. "Hidden talents."

The next period, they had a study hall because the science teacher had gone to a conference. Olivia noticed that Madison was going from desk to desk handing people envelopes. "What's going on?" Olivia asked Paul, who was seated next to her.
"Madison likes to start the school year with a party," he told her. "She's giving out invitations."
"Does everybody get one?"
"Of course not. That's the whole point."
Paul gave a little gesture, and Olivia saw that people were looking over the tops of their books, eagerly watching who got invitations, and who didn't. Muffin and people like her thought this was a big deal.
There was a little murmur when Madison stopped in front of Dulcimer's desk and held up one of the envelopes, hesitating as if she couldn't decide. Dulcimer tried hard to look as if she didn't notice her, but Olivia saw a new look on Dulcimer's face: she really wanted the invitation.
And she got it. Some of the girls actually gasped when Madison offered the invitation to Dulcimer, who reached for it quickly and smiled. It was kind of a sickly, false smile, Olivia thought. She was already hating herself for ever having tried to help Dulcimer play music.
"Don't the boys get any invitations?" she asked Paul.
"The girls are supposed to ask the boys of their choice," he told her. "I guess Dulcimer will ask me. We've had kind of a pact about these things ever since the first time anybody had a boy/girl party in sixth grade."
Madison reached the front row of seats, where Olivia was sitting. Olivia wondered, just for a second, if she would receive an invitation. Are you kidding? she told herself. She recalled what Paul had said earlier: if Madison knew who Olivia's parents really were...
Olivia shook her head, feeling like a fly had crawled up her nose. I'm not going to stand up and shout 'Bedelia Yearwood is my mother. Give me an invitation,' she told herself. 
Sure enough, Madison walked right past Olivia without a glance. I'm glad, Olivia told herself. Glad, glad, glad.
But she had to blink a few times to keep the tears back.

When school let out, Olivia was still upset over not getting an invitation to Madison's party. Other girls were standing around outside discussing what they were going to wear to the party and who they might invite. So when Alex came up and said, "Ummm...did you think about coming over to my house today?" she agreed. Somebody wants to be my friend, she thought. I'm not a complete outcast. Even if he is under my spell.
"Will you call my aunt?" she asked.
"I already did," he told her. "And by the way, I hope you don't mind, but I told her she ought to allow you to dye your hair if you want."
Oh no. "What did she say to that?"
"She said it was totally up to you. Really, I think your aunt is kinda cool."
"Yeah, maybe."
When they reached Alex's apartment building, the doorman seemed a little more polite than the last time. Going up in the elevator, Olivia commented, "I guess he doesn't hate me as much."
"Who?" Alex said. He hadn't noticed. "Oh, yeah," he said when Olivia explained. "Yolanda told him you're a good influence on me."
 "Really?"
"Yeah, because you're polite and all. You should see how Madison treats the staff in her building."
"I can imagine."
"It's all right. They get paid to take that from the residents."
Olivia laughed. "What's funny?" Alex asked.
"At home, the staff treats me rudely," she said. 
"Maybe they're different in Iowa," said Alex. "You should have your parents just fire them."
It works the other way around, thought Olivia. My parents fired me.
Yolanda really did seem glad to see Olivia again. "I have Rocky Road," she said.
"Bring it on," Olivia told her. 
"Wait. Did any packages come for me?" Alex asked. 
"Oh, yes. I put it in your comics room," Yolanda said.
It wasn't a very big package. Alex took out his Swiss army knife and cut the tape that sealed it. Olivia peeked inside and her heart leaped when she saw what seemed to be a crystal ball like Eva's.
But as Alex lifted it from the wrappings, it turned out to be only half a crystal ball--just as if it had been sliced down the middle.
Alex set it down and took a piece of paper from the box. "Instructions," he said. Olivia looked over his shoulder and read, "Occult Practitioners' Supply House. Place Decodesphere on message to be translated. Light candles. Do not use in artificial light. Incantation: Reddo."
"I don't understand how this works," Alex said.
"I do," Olivia told him. "Do you have any black candles?"

Well, they didn't, of course. And when Olivia saw the look on Yolanda's face when Alex asked for them, she realized that the maid understood what their purpose was. Olivia might not be so welcome the next time she came over. When Alex told Yolanda to go out and get some, she pressed her lips together and refused.
Alex was bewildered. "Really, she usually does whatever I ask her to," he told Olivia. "Why does it have to be black candles, anyway? The instructions just say 'candles.'"
Olivia remembered Eva saying, "Make do with what you have," and shrugged. "What kinds of candles do you have?"
It turned out that there were a few boxes of old birthday candles in the kitchen. "Take the blue ones," said Olivia. "That's the darkest color."
Yolanda, after she saw what they were preparing to do, had gone to her own room somewhere else in the apartment and locked the door. "I don't understand what she's so worried about," said Alex. "She never acts like this, really. One time when Madison brought over a bottle of--"
"I don't want to hear about it," said Olivia.
"Oh, yeah, right," Alex said. 
"Have you got matches?" Olivia asked. She found some little holders for the candles and set them up in a circle around the table. Then she opened the Dr. Dee book and placed the glass hemisphere on one of the pages with the strange lettering.
"O.K., I'll light the candles," Olivia told Alex. "Turn out the lights."
He did and came back to sit next to her. The room was very dark, because the candles didn't really provide much illumination. "This is so cool," Alex said. "Like the X-Men calling up Satan."
"We're not going to do that," Olivia responded quickly. "We're just going to read a few things."
She looked at the instructions again. The incantation was "reddo," which must mean you were supposed to say that, and then... She realized that she was almost trembling, because this was the first time she was going to try anything like this without Eva's help. Unfortunately, she didn't have Eva's phone number.
Well, here goes. "Reddo," she said in a shaky voice. The candles flickered and as Olivia looked into the hemisphere, the characters...it was odd. They didn't really change; it was just that they now made sense.
Sort of. The page she was looking at was titled. "Spell to Bring Wealth." As she moved the crystal down the page, Olivia saw a list of necessary articles: a green twig from an oak tree, a silver coin, a porcelain bowl, ten drops of urine from a pregnant woman, a fresh honeycomb...
Her eyes moved down the page and saw the words that the practitioner should recite over the bowl in which the ingredients were combined. Then the bowl would "supplie readie monie whenever needed." Well, Olivia thought, just like having two parents who are movie stars.
She turned the page and found a spell to make somebody fall in love with you. Check, she thought, glancing at Alex, but you better be prepared for too much devotion.
"Can you read it?" Alex asked.
"Yes," she replied. "Can't you?"
He shook his head, and she realized that it must be because she was the one who said the incantation. At Eva's, she had repeated the words after Eva said them first. Just as well, she thought. I'll tell Alex only what I think he needs to know.
The candles weren't lasting as long as she hoped, so she flipped through the pages, reading just the titles and skipping the ingredients and incantations. Spell for recovery from a fever....for better hearing...to find lost objects...to prepare for a long journey...to clear a sty from the eye...to relieve a rash....
None of these seemed particularly interesting, and Olivia turned the pages more impatiently. Then a title caught her eye: For causing a rivall to break out in boyls and cysts. She giggled, wondering what that must look like.
An image popped into her head, and since nobody was around who could actually read her mind, she let it remain. Madison...with boils and cysts. Probably would spoil the party. Olivia heard herself giggle. That's so mean, she told herself, and started to read what she would need.
She was annoyed to find several items on the list of required articles that she had no idea how to obtain, or even what they were: nettle leaves, a frog's eye, a pinch of brimstone, three hairs from the rival's head.
Before Olivia could make out the incantation for the spell, the candles flickered out. All at the same time, leaving her in the dark with Alex.  
Silence, except for the pounding of her heart, which she imagined he could hear. Finally, he said, "Should I turn the lights on now?"
"I guess," she said. "Since we haven't got any more candles."
"We have yellow and red ones," he pointed out. 
"I want to get some larger ones," she told him. "Black next time."
"I'll tell Yolanda to buy them," he said as the overhead lights came on.
"No." She shook her head emphatically. "Yolanda shouldn't know what we're doing any longer."
"Did you see anything interesting?" he asked.
"A few things," she replied casually. "Nothing fantastic."
"I was sort of hoping..." he began, but then hesitated.
"What is it?" she asked.
"Well, if you could find some spell that would give me Wolverine's superpowers."
Of course, she thought. No problem at all. "What superpowers does he have?"
"He immediately recovers from any wound or disease or poison. Of course he has extra-powerful senses as well."
"Like in the movie?" she asked.
"Well, that wasn't real," he replied.
"What? The movie?" She figured Alex would have watched the movie about eighteen times.
He shook his head. "No. See that was just an actor," he told her, as if explaining that there wasn't really a Santa Claus. "His name is Hugh Jackman."
She knew that, but couldn't help pressing further, "But the comic books..."
"That's the real Wolverine," Alex said, smiling because she understood so quickly.
Oooooooookay, Olivia thought. 
"I've been training myself to have the extra-powerful senses," Alex said, "but the involbility to wounds and diseases is harder."
"Excuse me, the what?"
"You know. The involbility. So nothing can hurt you."
It took her a few seconds, but she remembered the right word. "Invulnerability," she said.
"Yeah." He chuckled. "It's hard to say. Maybe you could find a spell to make that easier too." 
"Listen, Alex," she said. "Do you happen to know if you can buy a frog's eye on eBay?"
He smiled. "You wouldn't have to do that," he said. "We have frogs in the pond at our country house."
Olivia shuddered.
"You want to come up with us this weekend?" he asked.
"Uhhh, I'll think about it. My aunt's pretty strict."
"She doesn't seem too strict to me."
"It's an act," Olivia said. "Anyway, one more thing, Alex."
"What?"
"Promise me you absolutely will not take this book out of this room again."
"Aw, it doesn't matter. Nobody would steal it."
"That's not what I'm worried about. I don't want you having any more dreams."
Chapter Twelve
Finding black candles was harder than Olivia expected. There were several stores in Tilda's neighborhood that sold candles, but none of them carried black ones. Finally, a shopkeeper told her she should try a store on Christopher Street. When Olivia went there, she was almost too shy to go inside. The front window was filled with leather underwear, whips and chains, and a variety of odd objects whose purpose Olivia couldn't guess--but which she suspected she wouldn't want to try out.
The thin young man behind the counter looked like he would have been a good boyfriend for the old Dulcimer. He too had piercings in so many places that it hurt just to look at him. "Well, you appear to be a fresh young sprite searching for adventure," he said to her. "Would you like to try on a studded leather bra?"
"Not now," Olivia said. "Actually, I just wondered if you had any black candles."
"Having a black mass, are we?" he said. Olivia wasn't sure how to respond, but he reached up on a shelf and brought down a box that had just what she hoped for. The candles looked they would burn for at least an hour, and there were a dozen of them.
Brimstone was easier. When Olivia looked it up in the dictionary, she found that it was the same as sulfur, and Alex was able to get some from the school's chem lab. He also promised to bring back a toad's eye the next time his family went to their country house.
That left nettle leaves. Olivia was pretty sure that Tilda must have some around, but Julius followed Olivia everywhere in the house, making it difficult for her to rummage through the pantry. So one afternoon, she went shopping at a health food store and found a jar of nettle leaves. "Oily hair?" the woman in the store asked, when Olivia paid for it. "Yes," said Olivia.
The list of required articles also included "three hairs from the rival's head." Olivia had to figure out how she might acquire these, but Madison's party was still more than a week away. Time enough.
Olivia had something else to worry about. Dulcimer was acting more weird every day. She had not only become a great musician, but a terrific athlete as well. In gym, she was now among the first people picked for games, and she even volunteered when the teacher wanted to form a volleyball team to play other schools.
 "You're on a sports team?" Paul said jokingly to her at lunch. He looked over at Olivia. "You haven't known Dulcimer that long, but in third grade, in gym we were learning to play wiffleball. Nobody could hit a pitched ball, so they put the wiffleball on top of a stand, like a post, at eye level. All you had to do was swing this fat plastic wiffle bat and hit the ball. But Dulcimer..."
"All right," Dulcimer said. "So I struck out. I couldn't hit it at all."
"She couldn't hit a ball that was just sitting right there," Paul repeated.
"Well, everybody eventually has to move on," Dulcimer said coldly. "We're not in third grade any longer."
"But how did this happen?" Paul asked. "All of a sudden you're good at both sports and music too. Is there a pod under your bed at home?"
"My musical ability shouldn't be such a surprise," Dulcimer replied. "My parents are both professional musicians."
"True," Paul said, "but anybody who knows that always figured you were found on their doorstep."
Dulcimer stood up. Olivia could see that she was offended. "Well, I have to meet Mrs. Foley before class starts," Dulcimer said. "She doesn't think I'm adopted. She's helping me select music for the school recital."
"Look, I didn't mean anything," Paul said, but Dulcimer was already on her way out.
Paul shook his head. "She should know I'm only kidding. We've been friends practically all our lives. Why did she just change all of a sudden?" He looked at Olivia, who bit her lip. She knew the answer but how could she tell him? Not that he'd believe it anyway.

Olivia went back to Eva and explained that the music spell had changed her friend a bit too much. 
"Well, these things happen," Eva said. "Casting a spell is not science. People react differently. You wanted her to be musical, and from what you tell me, that was the way she turned out."
"But she's different in other ways," Olivia said.
"Of course she is. A person isn't made up of separate parts that you can replace or change like a machine. Add or subtract a quality, the whole person becomes different. Keep that in mind if you ever decide to become a practitioner yourself."
Olivia tried not to meet Eva's eyes. She banished from her head the thought of what she was planning. 

That was harder to do at home, when Tilda was always around. Olivia finally found that when she concentrated on solving the math problems in her textbook, her aunt would generally move to another room. It was as if Tilda smelled something bad and wanted to get away from it. Olivia thought of asking why, but decided not to push things. It was enough just to keep Tilda from sensing her real thoughts. The funny thing was that Mr. Haber, the math teacher, made the homework voluntary because most of the students hated the subject. Only Olivia and a few geeks even bothered to turn in the assignments.
Monday came, and faithful Alex was waiting at Olivia's locker when she arrived at school. "Did you...?" she started to ask.
He held up a jar with some cloudy water in it. Olivia took a quick look and saw that it also contained an eye about as big as a marble. She turned away quickly. "I had to go outside real early in the morning," Alex said. "Because the grass is wet then, and the frogs like to sit on it. So I took a bow and arrow..."
"Stop," she begged. "It's a real frog's eye, isn't it? That's all I need to know."
"Yeah, I could have brought the rest of it too. Except the body was kind of messed up. Did you ever eat frog's legs?"
"Ewww. Enough, Alex." She took the jar gingerly and put it on the top shelf of her locker, where she had stored the other things she'd collected, including the candles. All at once she realized that now she had almost everything she needed to cast the spell--except three strands of Madison's hair.
Not impossible, Olivia thought. But did she really want to go through with this? Even Madison, horrible as she was... Olivia shook her head, recalling the way Madison had turned her head away when she passed Olivia's desk with the invitations. Just as if Olivia didn't exist.
She was still thinking about it at lunch, however. When she and Alex got to the pizza parlor they found Paul sitting by himself. He put on this expression like he was going to tell them something to make them laugh, only Olivia could see it wasn't going to be funny, not really.
"Where's Dulcimer?" she asked.
"She and I had a talk this weekend," he replied. "She called my cellphone, because she didn't want to tell me in person."
"Tell you what?"
"That she wasn't going to ask me to be her date to Madison's party."
Olivia sat down. Alex was at the counter ordering pizza, so he couldn't hear. "Listen, Paul, why would you care? You don't like Madison."
"True, that's what I told myself. But I like Dulcimer," Paul said. He shrugged and added, "Not a boyfriend/girlfriend kind of like, no. But ever since sixth grade, when the school started having dances that were actually required, she and I always went together. It was kind of a joke on my father, who was happy to learn I was going out with a girl. He thought it meant I wasn't what he feared I was."
"But Dulcimer wasn't..."
"No, she wasn't interested in girls that way. But she hated all the boys too. Because they're nearly all rich, they dissed her when they learned she was on scholarship. But listen, are you ready for this?"
Olivia didn't know if she was ready, but she was pretty sure she wasn't going to be able to stop Paul from telling her. 
"Do you know who she decided to ask to the party?" Paul said. 
"Umm." Olivia didn't really know most of the boys, except Alex. Dulcimer couldn't have asked him.
"She invited Tim Glidewell."
Olivia tried to remember who he was. "Oh!" she said, "he's a junior and kind of...the class jock, isn't he?"
"Well, jock doesn't cover it," said Paul. "Excuse the pun. Tim plays golf, tennis, and racquetball, swims, and as you'll find out in a couple of months, is going to be the star of the basketball team as well. I mean, I'd like to know what his deodorant bill must be like."
Olivia smiled. If Paul could joke about it, maybe he'd get over it. "Is he a nice guy?" she asked.
"Are you paying attention?" Paul replied. "The Glidewells are just pure testosterone. It was his brother who threw a firecracker in Mr. Haber's class a couple of years ago. And Tim is even nastier."
"I know," said Olivia. "Muffin told me about that. But then...why would Dulcimer want to invite him to the party?"
Paul hesitated for a moment. Olivia could see that this was going to be the painful part. Something he was finding it hard to make a joke about. "Do you know what she told me?" he said quietly, glancing at the counter to make sure Alex wasn't listening.
"What?" Olivia said.
"She said she wanted to go with a real boy." 
Olivia was stunned. She didn't know how Dulcimer could say something that mean. She reached across the table and took Paul's hand. It was such a bold thing for her to do that she blushed, but she got the reaction she was hoping for: he smiled and said, "Really, I felt like Pinocchio. For a second I wished I was a real boy."
"We'll take care of it," she told him. "There isn't going to be a party."
"Who says?" Paul asked.
"I do," Olivia replied. She had made up her mind now.

Gym class. Usually a time when Olivia attempted to make herself invisible. Today, after watching the new Dulcimer display her previously undiscovered talent for volleyball, Olivia made an effort to disappear entirely. She went up to Ms. Barwood, the teacher, and said she didn't feel well. Ms. Barwood barely glanced at her. Like everybody else, she was watching Dulcimer charge the net and spike the ball onto the hapless opposing team. I turned her into that, Olivia thought.
"You really sick? Or is it just the monthlies?" Ms. Barwood said.
It took Olivia a second to realize what she meant, but then nodded. "Yes, that's it." She felt her face go red and looked around, wondering if anybody else could hear.
"Go to the school nurse," Ms. Barwood said. "She can give you Midol. I'm not allowed to. Next time, bring some from home."
"Yes, Ms. Barwood," Olivia said, reminding herself not to run as she headed for the locker room. 
It was quiet there--so quiet that Olivia started to feel afraid of what she intended to do. If someone walked in and caught her...she'd heard that some countries punished thieves by cutting off their hands. Madison would probably insist on at least that much if she caught Olivia. 
They were assigned lockers in gym, but none of them had locks. In this school, where practically everybody was rich, who would steal? Especially when anything you'd take would be immediately recognized if you used it.
Earlier, Olivia had noted which locker Madison had stored her stuff in, and now carefully lifted the handle. It made only a tiny metallic click, but Olivia felt as if it could be heard all the way to the gym floor. She hesitated, and then pulled the door open.
Madison's purse was resting on the shelf right in front of Olivia. She took a deep breath, tried to think of a possible excuse ("Oh, was this your locker? I'm sorrrry. It must be the monthlies") and reached inside.
The first thing she felt was just what she wanted: Madison's hair brush. Olivia clawed at it with her fingernails, trying to pull hairs from it. Madison, unfortunately, must be a neatness freak and there weren't that many hairs caught in the brush. Olivia wished she had Alex's Swiss Army Knife to pry some out.
Finally, she decided she had collected enough. She looked at the thin golden threads in her palm. I still could back out of this, she thought. Nobody really knows what I'm going to do.
She shook her head firmly, put the brush back and carefully shut the locker door. There's just one more thing I need to know, she told herself.

Eva always seemed glad to see Olivia, fortunately. She served tea--this time a brownish-orange type that she said came from Ceylon ("or Sri Lanka, whatever they call it now"). Olivia was no longer afraid to drink it, and it made her insides feel like sunshine.
"What happened to your friend?" Eva asked. "Still musical?"
"And athletic," said Olivia. "And turning her back on her best friend."
"Ah, that shouldn't surprise you," Eva said. "When people get rich, they move away from their old friends, who now only remind them of what it was like to be poor."
"What if they became poor again?" Olivia asked.
"Thinking of casting another spell?" Eva asked, her eyes twinkling. "Be careful what you wish for. I couldn't guarantee it would come out the way you hope."
"I'm beginning to understand that," Olivia replied. "But I wanted to ask about something else. More like...like a curse."
The twinkle in Eva's eyes immediately disappeared. "Dangerous," she said. "A very dangerous business, and I wouldn't want to help you with that at all."
Olivia nodded. "But I...well, I hope you won't mind, but Aunt Tilda told me a little more about the curse you put on the Sheelins."
Eva tilted her head. "Well, I suppose that's all my friends talk about, so you might as well hear how foolish I was."
"You placed a curse that required you to live as long as it lasted?"
Eva spread her hands. "I was young and impulsive. My advice to you is, don't place any curses until you become experienced enough to know exactly what you're doing. There are all sorts of things that can go wrong."
"But what could you have done to make sure the curse would only last...a little while?"
"Simplest thing in the world." Eva put down her teacup and waved her hands. "When you pronounce the curse, mention the time period you intend."
"Suppose it was...a week. What would you say?"
"Well, if you're using Latin, which you really should, then you say aliquat septum dies."
"Aliquat septum dies," Olivia repeated. The third word had two syllables, pronounced like dee ez. 
"For seven days," Eva translated. "But you need a lot to place a curse, even a brief one. Besides a proper form of incantation, a curse would require some things that would be difficult for you to obtain. Including an item from the person's body."
"Like a hair."
"Well, some hair would do," Eva said thoughtfully. "As I think I told you, it would better to have a fingertip, an ear, an eye, some piece of flesh that came off their body. You'd need that if you wanted to curse the whole family, like I did the Sheelins."
Olivia swallowed hard. She wasn't sure how to respond.
"But I wouldn't dare give you the proper form for a curse," Eva said, shaking her head. "Your aunt would come after me like Red O'Rourke's wild horse." She winked. "But we could try a few other things if you liked."
A wild thought popped into Olivia's head. "If I knew this boy..." she began.
"Another boy," said Eva. "What happened to that other one?"
"He's still my...friend," Olivia said. "The spell lasted."
"Weak minded," Eva said decisively. "But you'd have to release him before you charmed another one. Two at a time would create complications."
"This other one...I wouldn't want him for my boyfriend," said Olivia. "See, the problem is...he doesn't like girls at all. Not romantically."
Eva grunted. "I have known some men like that. Women too. Nice enough to talk to."
"Could you change him so that he'd be like...other boys?"
Eva poured herself some more tea. "I've known some who tried," she said. She looked around at her bookshelves. "You'd need a good incantation, and even then, I couldn't guarantee anything. Very tricky thing, sex."
"But it's possible."
"Over my lifetime," Eva said, "I've seen that just about anything is possible." She wagged her finger at Olivia. "That doesn't mean it's a good idea."

Olivia left without trying to cast any more spells with Eva. One thing at a time, she decided, and now that she knew how to limit the time period of a curse, she was all set.
Chapter Thirteen
Olivia decided she wanted to cast the spell on Madison at school. It would be more difficult than doing it at Alex's apartment, but she wanted to invite Paul. It had become important to her to show him what she was doing.
She sat next to him in the last class of the morning and said, "Don't go to the pizza parlor at lunch." 
"Why not?" he said. "Am I banned from there now?"
"You'll see," she said. "Meet me at the janitor's room."
"Sweeping floors," he said. "Sounds like fun."

When she had told Alex what she was planning, she asked if he could find a place that would be guaranteed to be empty at lunch time. "Kurt the janitor will let us use his room if I pay him," Alex said.
"How much?"
"Depends on how long you want to use it," Alex replied.
"I think we only need about ten minutes," said Olivia.
"Five dollars will do it," Alex said. "Don't worry about it."

Olivia decided that five dollars meant nothing to Alex, so she let him set things up. After the bell rang, she went to her locker and got the candles, the brimstone, the nettle leaves, and the hairs from Madison's hair brush. 
She met Alex outside the janitor's room. "Did you bring the book and the crystal?" she asked him. He took them out of his backpack and showed her. Paul arrived, looking curious.
"I don't smoke," he said.
"What do you mean?" she asked.
"That's what kids usually use the janitor's room for."
"We're casting a spell," she told him, wondering how he'd react.
He smiled and nodded. "I'm so flattered you included me," he said. Olivia was slightly annoyed, because he clearly thought it was a joke. He'll see, she thought.
They went inside the room, finding a dusty table that had the remains of the janitor's lunch on it. There was only one chair, which Olivia sat in. It creaked slightly, but she thought it would hold her. The boys pulled up boxes and sat on them.
Olivia lit two candles and placed them in pools of wax.
"Black," Paul commented. "Very nice." 
"Don't speak," said Olivia. Paul folded his hands and put them on the table as if he were going to be a good boy.
"Turn off the lights," she said to Alex, who did so. 
One by one, Olivia placed her materials on the table: the leaves, the pinch of sulfur, the jar with the frog's eye. She unscrewed the top and wrinkled her nose as an unpleasant odor wafted upward. Then she opened the envelope, removed Madison's hairs, set them on the table.
Paul watched all this, nodding slightly as if he approved. He seemed about to say something, but Olivia shut him up with a stern glance. Her heart was beating faster now. She was glad that she invited Paul, because she felt he would tell her if she were doing anything really crazy.
She looked at Alex, who handed her the Dr. Dee book. She opened it to the page she had bookmarked, with the curse for boils and cysts. Across the table, Paul raised his head, trying to read what was there, but of course he couldn't.
Then Olivia took the crystal hemisphere and placed it on the page. "Reddo," she said, and, just like the first time, she could understand the words underneath. The spell was fairly long, and she would have to move the crystal as she went along. She noticed that the spell included directions for putting the materials together at certain points in the incantation.
She realized her hands were shaking, and she tried not to look at Paul. It's time, she told herself, and began to read the Latin words:
"Ego inflicto..." She put the brimstone powder into the jar with the frog's eye. Suddenly the room smelled much worse. Olivia closed her eyes for a second.
"...furunculos et pustulas..." She wasn't sure she pronounced the words just right, but now she added the nettle leaves to the liquid, and bubbles began to rise to the surface. As they popped, they released a cloudy gas that made the air almost impossible to breathe. Olivia glanced for just a second at Paul, who was holding his hand over his nose.
Here she was supposed to say the name of the person she was cursing, and Olivia said, "Madison Lispenard." Paul shot her a look that either meant he thought she was crazy or that he was afraid. She hoped it wasn't the second choice, because if Paul was actually afraid, then what she was doing was way too dangerous.
As Olivia finished saying Madison's name, she dropped the hairs into the mixture. There was a hissing sound as the liquid consumed them, just as if it had been an acid.
Olivia almost forgot the part Eva had told her about: "aliquat septum dies," she added quickly.
There was nothing more on the page, and Olivia wondered for a second what to do next. The room smelled so badly that she wanted to get up and dash for the door, but that didn't seem--
As she thought about it, the two candle flames flickered for a second, and then went out together. Guess that means it's over, she thought.
"Turn on the lights, Alex," she said. 
He followed orders and then asked, "Is the room going to smell like this for long? Kurt is going to be ticked off. I might have to give him another couple bucks."
Paul turned to look at him. "Is that all you're worried about?" he said with what sounded like an attempt at a laugh. "Why not just have Olivia cast a spell on Kurt and turn him into a frog?"
"You don't think this is going to work?" she asked, surprised.
 "Well, as a chemistry experiment, it was impressive," he said. "What was that yellow stuff? Sulfur?"
"Brimstone," she corrected him, even though she knew they were the same thing.
"No wonder it smelled," he added. "Maybe we could make a stink bomb and set it off at the recital when Dulcimer starts to play..."
"Paul, you aren't convinced at all?" 
"If this is what the two of you have been doing at Alex's apartment in the afternoon, then I must say I'm really disappointed," he replied. "So will a lot of other people who imagined that you were having a lot more...fun," he said. "But if you think--"
He stopped, because even with the door closed they could hear the screaming.

Telling Alex to take away the things she'd used for the spell, Olivia opened the door. It wasn't just one person screaming. It was a lot. The sound was coming from upstairs, where people gathered after lunch. Olivia raced up the steps.
The first person she saw was Muffin Scripps, standing in the hallway screaming as if the building were on fire. "What's the matter?" Olivia asked, but all Muffin could do was point down the corridor, where evidently there was something too horrifying for words to describe.
Olivia passed other girls, also screaming. Some of them were running up and down the hall; others were hugging each other. Olivia recognized them as close friends of Madison's, people she usually ate lunch with. They were clustered around the girls' bathroom.
Olivia felt a twinge of anger when she saw that Dulcimer was with them. She certainly didn't lose any time joining the popular people, Olivia thought. But Dulcimer wasn't quite so hysterical as the others, and Olivia pulled her aside. "What's going on?" Olivia asked. She was pretty sure she knew, but something made her want to hear Dulcimer say it.
"It's Madison," Dulcimer said, sounding out of breath. "She's...something terrible happened. It must have been something she ate, but she just...these things started to break out on her face."
Olivia started to push open the bathroom door. Another friend of Madison's tried to stop her, but Olivia brushed her aside. She felt a surge of power run through her, as if nobody and nothing could stand in her way.
The stalls were along the right side of the room; a mirror and a row of sinks were to the left. Madison stood at the far end, pulling at her face and making little cries, like a bird caught in a trap.
As Olivia took a step closer, Madison turned and shouted, "Get out!" Olivia paid no attention. She had caught a glimpse of Madison's face, and wanted to see more. She took another step, and Madison screamed at her again, "Get out! Get out!!"
Madison's face was covered with red spots--no, bigger than spots: they were like the craters of the moon, enflamed, ragged, and leaking a thick, gummy fluid that ranged in color from creamy white to sickly green. They covered every bit of her face, from ear to ear and forehead to chin. The one on the tip of her nose was growing even as Olivia watched, like a soap bubble full of pus, getting ready to burst. It was horrible to see, but Olivia was fascinated. She couldn't turn her eyes away.
Suddenly, Madison clenched her fists and ran at Olivia. "You did this!" she began to shout. Olivia put her arms out to fend her off, careful not to touch Madison's face. As she did so, Olivia turned and saw her own face in the mirror, and immediately understood why Madison had guessed she had done this: She was smiling.
Olivia ducked away from Madison and slipped out the door. On the other side, she found herself immediately surrounded by girls who were asking questions all at once. "Is it better?...Is it worse?...Did she try washing it off?...Does she want any pimple remover?...What do you think it is?"
Olivia just shook her head to all the questions, reminding herself not to smile. But then she heard a question she had to answer: "Do you think it's...catching?"
Desperately fighting down a laugh, Olivia nodded and said in a grave voice, "Yes. I think it might be catching."
There was a collective shriek and the entire crowd shrank away from the bathroom door. Some girls who were already at the back of the group turned and started moving away from the scene--a few actually broke into a run. Others scrambled to find mirrors in their purses.
Then another voice came out of the crowd, deeper, calmer. "Do you really think it's catching, Olivia?" She looked and saw Paul's dark brown face above the heads of the panicky girls. There was a new expression on it. Paul usually had a smile, if only a wry, mocking grin. But now he looked...as if he doesn't like me, thought Olivia.
She pursed her lips. He was a hypocrite, because he didn't like Madison any more than Olivia did. "It could be catching," she said defensively.
"How long is it going to last?" he asked.
Olivia turned away with a shrug, but he pursued her. "Until Friday?" he asked, taking hold of her arm. "Just till the party? Is that how long?"
"Maybe," she said. She pulled away from him. "If you tell anybody..." she said, leaving the warning unfinished.
 He stopped following her then, but after a few more steps she turned to look back. He was just standing there staring, with that same irritating expression of disapproval. She shrugged. He'll change his mind, Olivia thought. When he thinks about it.

The school nurse came and after taking a look at Madison she went to put on some rubber gloves. Everybody else returned to class, but nobody paid any attention to what the teachers were saying until they got to Mrs. Foley's class. She informed them that Madison's family had sent their car to take her to a dermatologist, since what she had didn't appear to be life-threatening. There was a window facing the street in Mrs. Foley's classroom and everybody went to watch as Madison, with her face swathed in towels, was led by the nurse into the limousine. Olivia fought down the urge to comment that Madison looked like a mummy. At Mrs. Foley's request, Dulcimer played some sad music for the rest of the period. With an effort, Olivia kept a straight face.
After school, Olivia agreed to go home with Alex--partly because he was taking the book and the Decodesphere with him and she wanted to make sure they were put in a safe place. Another reason was that she knew she had to get control of her thoughts before she went home to Tilda. She spent the time trying to decipher more of the spells in the secret part of Dr. Dee's book--at least until Alex insisted that she read one of Wolverine's adventures in which he fought a wizard who tried to place a curse on him. Olivia didn't tell Alex, but she was rooting for the wizard.
Madison's party, of course, had to be called off. Some of the students planned to visit her while she was recuperating, but she sent word that she didn't want to see anyone (more likely, she didn't want anyone to see her). Miraculously, she recovered completely within a week. Even so, people were a little cautious about sharing pizza with her at lunch.
The only down side for Olivia was that Paul stopped eating lunch with her and Alex. He said hello when Olivia ran into him between classes, but when she asked him if he wanted a pizza with pond scum, he said he was on a diet. 
To be honest, Alex by himself wasn't the most interesting person in the world to have lunch with, so when he asked her if he could bring a couple of friends to join them, she agreed. She might not have told him yes if she knew who it was going to be: Tim Glidewell and his new girlfriend Dulcimer.
Tim turned out to be the kind of boy who found it funny to make loud belches after downing pizza and soda. He was also fond of coming up with dirty remarks whenever anybody else said practically anything. Olivia had overheard this kind of talk at her parents' parties, but there she could always walk away. Up close, it got old pretty quickly.
Which was why Olivia found it hard to believe that Dulcimer laughed uproariously at just about everything Tim said or did. Later, when the two of them were alone, Olivia asked her if she really thought Tim was that funny.
"Oh, what's the difference?" Dulcimer said. "He likes it when girls laugh at his jokes."
"I thought you just wanted to go with him to Madison's party," Olivia replied. "All of a sudden you've got to do whatever he likes?"
"Lighten up," Dulcimer said. "You're always with Alex. You're not the only one who can get a boyfriend. What are you doing for him?"
Olivia wondered what Dulcimer's reaction would be if Olivia told her how she'd attracted Alex in the first place
"You know, you could have more friends too," Dulcimer went on. "If you were willing to let people know who you really are."
"You mean if I let them know who my parents really are," Olivia said.
"Who cares? Just about everybody in the school has rich parents, and they don't hide it. You don't have to be ashamed of them."
"I'm not ashamed of them," Olivia said quickly.
"So what's the problem?"
"I just want to be...myself. Not somebody else's little girl."
"Look at me. My parents are bigtime musicians. I never tried to hide it, not even when it looked like I didn't have their talent."
But your parents aren't  famous like Bedelia and Dirk Yearwood, Olivia thought.
"Paul was a lot more fun than Tim," Olivia insisted.
"In some ways," Dulcimer conceded. "But I wanted a real boyfriend."
Olivia knew what she meant. She recalled the look on Paul's face when he had repeated that same phrase earlier. Maybe I could do something about that, Olivia thought. Eva says it would be hard to do. But there might be something in Dr. Dee's book...
Chapter Fourteen
 Madison started spreading the story that Olivia had something to do with the "skin rash" she had. When Olivia heard about this, she worried that Paul had told Madison something. But it turned out that Madison's suspicions were based on the fact that, according to her, Olivia had laughed when she entered the girls' room and saw Madison's face.
"I swear I didn't laugh," Olivia told Dulcimer, who had told her what Madison had been saying. "I think I smiled," she admitted, "but it was only...from nervousness."
"I'll tell the others that," said Dulcimer. "Because it would be weird if you laughed."
"I don't care what anybody thinks," said Olivia. She didn't like the idea that Dulcimer had become kind of like her publicist.
"You should care," Dulcimer said. "Madison's trying to convince people that you're a witch. She says that's how you brought Alex under your control."
Olivia forced a laugh, which sounded more like a cough. She didn't think Madison had noticed when Olivia told her she'd cast a spell on Alex. "Well, she really has freaked out," Olivia said. "Maybe the skin rash affected her brain."

Ms. Noyes must have heard the rumor, however, and that caused her to assign the class to read a certain play. Which just goes to show that people trying to do good can cause as much trouble as people who cast spells.
"The play is The Crucible," Ms. Noyes said, "by the great American playwright Arthur Miller. It is set in Salem, Massachusetts, in the 1600s, at a time when people believed in witches."
That woke Olivia up from a daydream she was having--trying to decide whether she would dump Alex if Paul turned into a real boy. All her attention was suddenly on what Ms. Noyes was saying.
"Witch hunting wasn't a new idea," Ms. Noyes went on. "For centuries, innocent women had been persecuted and even killed because they had abilities to heal people, or because they followed a different life style, or merely because their neighbors didn't like them. It was easy to blame a 'witch' if your cow died, if a storm wiped out your crop, or your chickens wouldn't lay eggs."
There was an uneasy feeling in the classroom. People shifted in their seats and glanced nervously at one another. Seeming not to notice, Ms. Noyes continued: "People remember Salem today because it was the worst such incident in American history. Twenty people were put to death, convicted of practicing witchcraft."
Olivia looked around. At the other end of the row, Paul was giving her a strange look. 
"Could that happen today?" Ms. Noyes asked. "Most people would say no, because we don't believe in witches. But Arthur Miller was writing at a time when--yes, Madison?" 
Olivia turned her head. Madison was waving her arm, clearly eager to say something.
"But there are witches today," said Madison. 
Evidently this wasn't the response Ms. Noyes had expected. She paused and then said, "You can't really believe that, Madison."
"I do!" Madison insisted. "And I think somebody else knows it too." She shot an angry stare at Olivia, who turned away and then realized it was the wrong thing to do.
"What do you think, Olivia?" Ms. Noyes asked, clearly trying to be calm.
Olivia remembered Eva and her warnings about getting people angry at witches. "Of course there aren't any witches," Olivia said smoothly. "Except at Halloween."
Luckily, this drew a laugh from the class. A nervous laugh.
It only made Madison angrier, however. "She knows that's not true," she said, pointing at Olivia. "When she saw my face in the bathroom, and laughed, I knew that she'd done it. Ask Alex. He told me she has a book of spells that she uses."
Olivia felt as if she'd been struck by a hammer. She turned to her right, where Alex always sat next to her. The look on his face told her that Madison was telling the truth. He betrayed me, thought Olivia, trying to keep herself from shouting at him.
"I was just trying to keep Madison from being mean to you," he said.
An excuse popped into Olivia's head, and she seized it. "He means the comic books," she said. "You're afraid of spells made up by the X-Men?" she asked Madison.
The laughter from the rest of the class was a little louder this time. They believe me, Olivia thought. Only a small part of her felt guilty.
She decided to press her luck. Assume control. She turned to Alex and said, "Isn't that right? Weren't we reading how the X-Men battled a wizard who was casting spells?"
Alex was confused, a normal condition. But he wanted to please Olivia and when he looked at her he saw what she wanted him to say. "Uh, yeah, it was issue # 124," he said. "See, this wizard from the planet system of Sirius was in league with the Brotherhood of Evil, and when he threatened the X-Men--"
"That's enough, Alex," said Ms. Noyes. "We don't need to hear any more."
Alex started to reply, but Olivia touched him on the arm and he shut his mouth.
"Now," said Ms. Noyes, "I think this outburst only confirms my feeling that this would be a good play for you all--for us all--to read and think about. So your assignment is to read act one for tomorrow."
There were a few mild protests, but by now many of the other students were actually curious enough to want to read about witches.
Not Madison, of course. When class let out, she came up to Olivia and said, "You may fool Ms. Noyes, but you don't fool me. I'm going to get you thrown out of this school so you won't make anybody else suffer."
Quite a few people gathered around them to listen.
"Listen, the only reason I went into the bathroom was to help you," Olivia said.
"That's a lie. You enjoyed it. You laughed."
"I didn't laugh," Olivia said.
"Because you caused it. Alex isn't the only one who knows what you are," Madison said.
Olivia began to think. Besides Alex, there was only one other person who knew she had cast a spell on Madison. But he wouldn't have told about what went on in the janitor's room. Would he?
"Whatever you may heard from anybody about me is a lie," Olivia said. "And I'd appreciate it if you don't repeat lies."
"I'll say anything I want," Madison said. "About anybody. My father donated half a million dollars to this school last year. That's probably more than your father earned.”
Actually, Mother's contract was larger than my father's, thought Olivia. And both of them made about twenty times that--per picture. Which you would know if you knew who they were. She shook her head. "I'm so happy for you," she said to Madison, and walked away.

Olivia told Alex to go ahead to the pizza parlor and she'd join him in a few minutes. She wasn't sure where Paul was eating lunch these days. But she suspected that he must have gone someplace where pizza was on the menu. She found him in the fourth place she tried.
"Do you ever eat anything but pizza?" she asked as she slid into the booth opposite him.
"It's the national dish of New York City," he told her. "And I like to enjoy it alone."
"I won't be here long," she said. "If you tell me how Madison knows what happened in the janitor's room before her face broke out."
"I think you're assuming too much," he replied. He folded one of the slices of pizza and bit down on it.
"What do you mean?" she asked. He looks even more like Will Smith than ever, she thought. It really is a shame he can't be my boyfriend. Or Dulcimer's. 
"As I understand it," Paul said, "Alex only told her that he was keeping a book of spells for you. She doesn't know that you did all that stuff in the janitor's room."
"You didn't tell her?"
"No. It would only push her closer to the edge. Anyway, I decided that it was all a remarkable coincidence." He wiped the oil off his fingers with a paper napkin. There were two other slices of pizza in front of him, both with anchovies. Olivia wished he would offer her one.
"What?" she said, just realizing what he had said. "You don't believe that the spell I cast..."
"Actually did any good?" he finished. "Or any bad? No, I think you're messing with something you don't understand. There may be a connection, but I don't think you can control it. It's like praying. If you get what you want, then God answered your prayers. If you don't, then you weren't praying hard enough."
She was stung. After all the effort she'd made to impress him... "So you think I'm not able to cast spells."
"Oh, you can cast them," he said. "I just don't know if they have any effect."
"How about Dulcimer?" she asked. 
"What about her?"
"Do you think she just woke up one day and realized she could play music? How do you think that happened?"
Paul held a piece of pizza halfway to his mouth. He stared at her. His deep brown eyes behind his tortoise-shell glasses seemed to get bigger. "You're not trying to tell me that you were responsible for that?"
"I was," she told him. She took a deep breath. "And I could make it so you and she would be friends again."
It took him a few seconds to reply. "How would you do that? Take away her musical ability?"
"I'm not sure if I could," Olivia said. "But she still likes you. Really. It's just that she wants to have a real boyfriend."
Now his eyes started to turn cold. Olivia saw that he understood what she was going to say. She looked away, unable to face him. "I could make you...that way," she said. She crossed her fingers, for she didn't absolutely know if that were true. But Eva would find out how.
"You could make me a real boy," he said mockingly, "just like Pinocchio."
"It isn't a joke," she said. "I could."
He nodded. "Uh-huh. And so maybe you could make me white too? As long as you were doing a makeover?"
Startled, she turned back and saw a fiercely mocking look on his face, as if he were challenging her. "I could try," she said in a small, uncertain voice.
"And then you know who I'd be then?" he asked. "Michael Jackson. That would certainly be an improvement, wouldn't it?" He pinched his nose. "How thin do you think this should be?" he asked.
"O.K.," Olivia said, "well, it was you who suggested it."
Paul slapped the table, hard. The sound was so loud that other customers turned around to see if anything was the matter. Paul leaned across so that only Olivia could hear him, and hissed: "It was you who suggested that I needed some improving, that I ought to be somebody different from what I am."
"I only meant--"
"I know what you meant. You and my father would have some interesting chats together. He paid for me to have karate classes, did you know? He thought they would make me become more manly. It was actually a good thing, because only once, in this school, has anybody ever tried to hurt me because of who I am. Nobody ever wanted to try it a second time."
He leaned back and contemplated her as if she were a roach on his pizza. "Before you, that is. You're the second, and my sensei would disapprove if I used karate on you. So you'd better go."
"I'm sorry if--"
"Go. Don't talk to me again, please. I'm sorry if my existence offends you."
"I--"
"Go."
She went.

Alex wanted Olivia to come home with him after school, but she was still angry with him for telling Madison about the book of spells. "I only did it because she asked me why I dumped her for you," Alex said. "She asked if you could make out better than she did, and I had to tell her we never made out at all. Then she said mean things about you, so I told her about the book, trying to scare her."
"You didn't have to tell her anything," Olivia said. "Especially about that book." 
He nodded.
"And the spells. Don't mention that I cast a spell on her," Olivia added.
Alex tried to look thoughtful. "Didn't you cast a spell on her?"
"No. And that's what you must say whenever anybody asks."
He repeated it, to make sure he had it right. "Olivia didn't cast a spell on Madison."
"Right."
He wanted to ask another question, but she cut him off. Olivia wanted to dump him entirely, but he was too useful, and she couldn't trust the book with anybody else. "I'll come over tomorrow," she said. "I have to read The Crucible tonight. You should too."
"We could do it together," he said hopefully.
"Not today."
"I could see if there's a movie of it and rent it online."
"You are resourceful, I'll give you that," Olivia said with a smile. But she wouldn't go with him.

At home, she managed to keep her thoughts under control by concentrating on The Crucible. When Tilda saw what Olivia was reading, she said, "There's a lesson to be learned from that play."
"You've read it?" asked Olivia.
"Certainly. It's one of the most famous modern plays about witches. We come off much better than we do in Shakespeare."
"You mean the people who were put to death in Salem were really witches?"
"Some were, most weren't. Tituba, the slave from the Barbados who started the whole thing, was surely a witch. But my point is that the author of that play is basically on our side."
"How?"
"His message is that people should leave us alone."
"Because there aren't any witches," Olivia said. She thought about it, and added, "But there really are."
"If the only way to keep people from bothering us is to make believe we don't exist," Tilda said, "then we're glad to pretend we're nobody."
Olivia thought of the poem Ms. Noyes had started the year with. "I'm nobody," she recited. "Who are you? Are you nobody too?"
Tilda laughed. "That sums it up perfectly."

Madison, however, was not about to give up. The following day and the day after that she brought up the subject of witches--not only in Ms. Noyes' class, but in Mr. Feldstein's social studies class as well. Mr. F happened to be dressed in a Pilgrim outfit that day, which most of the class recognized from Thanksgiving celebrations.
"Didn't the Pilgrims hang witches?" Madison asked.
"No," Mr. Feldstein replied. "The witch trials at Salem came about seventy years later. It was a terrible persecution, because there were actually no witches. Aren't you reading The Crucible in language arts?"
"That's fiction," said Madison. "It's only the author's opinion."
"Well, it's a pretty good opinion," said Mr. Feldstein. Olivia, listening to the discussion, hid a smile. She recalled that Tilda had hinted Mr. Feldstein himself might be a witch.
In Ms. Noyes' class, Madison was much worse. She complained that the play only presented one side of an important issue, and that the class was being brainwashed. That really got under Ms. Noyes' skin. "If you learn in math class that six times six is thirty-six, are you being brainwashed?" she asked.
"This is completely different," said Madison.
"It's true," said Ms. Noyes, "that The Crucible is a work of art. But it is based on history."
"You say that these people who were put to death were innocent. But how would you know, really?"
"Because there are no such things as witches."
Madison shook her head. "You believe that, you'll believe anything."
Ms. Noyes finally ordered Madison to be quiet, and she sat in her seat fuming until the end of class. Then, in the corridor, she confronted Olivia again. "Did you put a spell on her too?" Madison asked.
"What?" Olivia asked.
"On Ms. Noyes. You've really got her eating out of your hand, don't you?"
"Madison, I didn't have anything to do with her assigning this play."
"Yes, just like you didn't have anything to do with my face breaking out."
Olivia shrugged and turned away.
At the pizza parlor, she was a little disappointed that Dulcimer and Tim didn't show up. Alex seemed restless, like he wanted to tell her something. "What's wrong?" Olivia asked.
"You ought to find some way to make up with Madison," he told her.
"Why? We've gotten along so well up to now."
"She's telling people not to talk to you. That's why Tim and Dulcimer aren't here."
Olivia blinked. "And people just obey her? What is she, the queen of New York?"
"People want to be friends with her. That's just the way it has been, ever since kindergarten."
"How about you? You're still talking with me."
"Yeah." He thought about it, or he tried to, or at least he looked like he was trying. At last he said, "I guess I'm just loyal, like Wolverine."
Olivia couldn't help from smiling, even though she was more enraged than ever at Madison, and the little toadies that did whatever she wanted. "I'll come over after school this afternoon," she said.
"We 'll make out," she added, taking a deep breath. Assume control.
Olivia saw a surprised look on Alex's face.
"And then," she told him, "we'll look inside the book."
Chapter Fifteen
Tilda kept puttering around the kitchen as Olivia ate breakfast so Olivia had to continually do math problems in her head to keep her plans a secret. After putting some of her bottled herbs in a box, Tilda announced, "I won't be here when you get home this afternoon. I'm going upstate to deliver these to my friend Agnes. I'll be back around nine o'clock. But there's plenty to eat in the refrigerator, so you can fix whatever you like for dinner, unless you want to eat at your boyfriend's."
"He's not really my boyfriend," said Olivia. Making out with Alex hadn't been as much fun as she had imagined it would be. He wouldn't do anything unless she told him to, which kind of took all the thrill out of it.
"Well, you spend enough time there that they must regard you as one of the family."
Actually, Yolanda was the only other person Olivia had ever seen in Alex's apartment. His father was always at the office downtown, and apparently his mother liked to shop in Europe, because that's where Alex said she usually spent her time.
"If you feel lonely," Tilda said. "You could go visit Eva. She seems quite taken with you."
"I will," said Olivia. She wished she could ask Eva for advice, but knew that even Eva would probably disapprove of Olivia fooling around with Dr. Dee's spells. The one she planned to use today would be better than last time.

After Olivia reached her locker, she was annoyed to see that Alex wasn't waiting there. She'd told him to bring the book and the Decodesphere. Maybe making out had exhausted him and he'd stayed home. Opening the locker, she saw a white envelope that somebody had evidently slipped through the air slots in the door. Maybe a note from Alex? She picked it up and saw her name written on the front, but not in Alex's handwriting.
Before she could open it, Olivia became aware of somebody standing behind her. She turned and saw that it was Muffin and Jessica. Oddly, they were both smiling at her. "What are you two doing here?" Olivia asked. She slipped the envelope inside her handbag.
 "We just thought we'd say hi," Muffin said cheerfully. Jessica nodded, and added. "Maybe sit together in class."
Olivia stared. She didn't remember putting a spell on them. She wouldn't have bothered. "Well," she said. "I sort of wait for Alex..."
"Oh, you can't let boys take you for granted," Muffin said, just as if she were the leading expert on boys in the world. "He'll catch up to us."
Wondering what was going on, Olivia decided to play along. She picked up the books she needed for morning classes and shut the locker. Still no Alex. She started off down the hall, with the two girls on either side of her. They acted as if they were her best friends, asking her what she thought of the new Coldplay album.
"Do you ever get to see them?" Jessica asked.
"Who?"
"Coldplay."
"There was a concert at--" Olivia was going to say "Hollywood Bowl," but remembered in time and said, "Iowa College stadium" instead. The other girls laughed as if this was a big joke.
"I meant did you ever meet them," Jessica explained.
"Like at a party," Muffin added.
"Um...no," Olivia said.
"I'll bet you could if you wanted," said Jessica.
Just then, Alex came running up, out of breath. "Yolanda hid the book," he explained. "I had to threaten to have my father fire her before she would tell me where it was." He held it up for Olivia to see, and she jerked her head toward Muffin and Jessica. Don't show it to them, Idiot, she wanted to shout.
"Oh, look at that. An old book," Muffin said, like nobody had ever seen one before.
"Then you two really do study together," Jessica added, sounding surprised. "We thought you--" she began, but didn't finish.
"We made out yesterday," Alex said helpfully. The two girls went, "Oooooo!" Olivia looked around desperately. Where are the fire alarms when you really need one? 
"Keep the book for now," she told Alex. "Put it away so Mr. Feldstein doesn't see it."
"Is it dirty?" asked Muffin excitedly. Great, thought Olivia. Now the word will go around that Olivia and Alex are working their way through a sex manual.
"No," Olivia said, "it's just that Mr. Feldstein is...” a witch and I don't want him to see that I have a book of curses and spells? Better come up with something better, Olivia.
"...he has a collection of old books and we want to surprise him," she said. That sounds lame even to me. Who could believe it?
"What a nice idea!" said Muffin. "That's so cool."
All Olivia could do was shake her head. 
When they got to Mr. Feldstein's classroom, the teacher hadn't arrived yet. But the girls--and even some of the boys!--greeted Olivia with hearty hellos and smiles. Several people had saved seats for her, but since Muffin and Jessica had taken her hostage already, they got to sit on either side of her. As if he was needed to protect her, Alex grabbed a seat right in back of them.
Something is wrong, Olivia thought as she scanned the classroom. Then she noticed: Madison wasn't there.
But that still didn't explain why Muffin and Jessica had suddenly latched onto Olivia. The least popular person in the class would only move up one notch if the most popular person was absent.
Unless...Olivia looked around for another face, and found it, peeking out at her from behind a book: Dulcimer. 
She'd told them! That explained Muffin and Jessica's behavior. Nothing else would have made them act this way. Olivia felt herself getting angry. She wanted to go over and tear Dulcimer a new one, but not now. Olivia would wait until lunch--and make sure her new fan club witnessed what happened then.
Suddenly Mr. Feldstein came into the room, looking as if he'd been rushing. But even more oddly, he was dressed in a suit and tie.
"Sorry," he said, "emergency faculty meeting. We're all right now." He blinked and looked around the room. "I haven't..." he began, and then sat at his desk. That too was strange. Usually he ran around the room showing off his costume of the day.
"I have been informed that some of our classes have perhaps been too exciting," he said. 
Too exciting? Olivia could see from the looks people were giving each other that she wasn't the only one to think Mr. Feldstein's classes were entertaining, but hardly too exciting. Didn't the faculty ever go to movies?
"Perhaps we forget in our zeal for teaching that there are some students whose sensitivity is too...too sensitive," Mr. F said.
Huh? 
"One of your classmates, Madison Lispenard, has been hospitalized for nervous exhaustion," he said. "And her father has suggested that she may have been traumatized because...classes at the Knickerbocker stimulated her imagination too intensely."
Muffin leaned over toward Olivia and said in a stage whisper: "She thought the witches were after her."
Mr. Feldstein clearly heard Muffin, because he flinched, but he let it go. "So for a while," he said, "we'll concentrate on simply reading what the authors of our textbook have to say."
Everybody groaned. The social studies text, they all knew, had been written by experts in the art of writing nothing that was in the least bit exciting or interesting.
They took turns reading it aloud for the rest of the period.

Between social studies and math classes, the students exchanged what little information they knew. According to Muffin, Madison had started accusing some of the household staff of being witches. Well, most of them were from the Caribbean, so the Lispenards might have just have humored Madison by  hiring new ones. But then Madison decided that an old lady who lived in their building was a witch too, and attacked her in the elevator. As it happened, the old lady was pretty rich herself (she lived in Madison's building, after all), and she called the police--plus her lawyer. The police arrived, and Madison decided they were....well, you get the idea. So Madison's parents finally had to agree to send her to this fancy clinic for a while.
"Is it Harminger's?" one of the girls asked about the clinic. "My older brother had to go there for his little alcohol problem, and I went to visit once. Some of the guys in there were majorly hot."
"I didn't get the name," Muffin said. "But Rockland Park is supposed to be the best right now for disturbed adolescents."
"Maybe they'll send her out of state," another girl suggested. "Where would you go in California, Olivia?" she asked, without a trace of sarcasm. 
So everybody knows, Olivia thought. She mumbled something about having been in too many clinics to remember their names, and rushed down the hall trying to catch up to Dulcimer. Behind her, she could hear Muffin telling the others, "Olivia just loves to put people on. You have to know her as well as I do to know when she's kidding."
Olivia caught Dulcimer just as she was entering Mr. Haber's classroom. "You told them," Olivia said. "You told everybody, and I asked you not to."
"I had to," Dulcimer protested. She headed for the back of the room. "They were starting to believe Madison, and...it was my fault that Madison thought you were a witch in the first place."
Olivia followed her and the two of them sat in the very last row.
"What do you mean?" she asked.
"I wanted to be Madison's friend. I'm sorry," Dulcimer added when she saw Olivia's look of disgust. "I don't know why. But when that thing happened with her face, I remembered what you'd said in the pizza parlor about what you'd done to make Alex like you. I told her you knew how to cast a spell on someone, and then...she decided you were a witch. The play pushed her over the edge."
"The play?" Olivia asked.
"You know, The Crucible in Ms. Noyes' class. Did you read it?"
"Just the first act."
"You ought to read it all," said Dulcimer.
"That doesn't matter," Olivia said coldly. "I don't think the play has any lines in it about who my parents are."
Dulcimer shrugged. "I was able to spot you from People magazine. Sooner or later somebody else would have seen you on the Internet or something. It's part of who you are. Deal with it."
Instead of answering, Olivia got up and looked around for another seat. Half a dozen girls, including Muffin and Jessica, gestured for her to sit by them, but she marched past and sat by Alex.
Good old, faithful old, Alex. 
Who's faithful only because I cast a spell over him.

After they went to Ms. Noyes' classroom, they got another surprise. Ms. Noyes wasn't there any more. A thin young man wearing a green suede jacket and jeans welcomed them one by one as they came in the door. When everyone was present he said, "I want to introduce myself. I'm Jack Zachary, and I'll be your language arts teacher for the rest of the semester. If I'm really lucky maybe for the rest of the year, and I know we're going to have fun here."
Olivia raised her hand. "What happened to Ms. Noyes?"
"Well," Mr. Zachary said, "unhappily it was decided that she and the Knickerbocker had to part ways."
"Was she fired?"
"I really don't know," Mr. Zachary said. He kept hopping around with jerky movements, irritating Olivia. "And I think we ought to put the past behind us, really," he went on. "The past is where we've been, and the future is where we're going. There's something we can do right now to make sure the future is a better place." He looked around, bright-eyed, as if he had a big secret to tell.
Nobody was interested enough to ask what it was, but he told them anyway. "As you know, one of your friends, Madison Lispenard, has gone for counseling and some needed rest. The assignment for today is for everybody in the class to write her a note telling her just how much you love her and hope she feels better soon."
Olivia felt as if she were going to have a nosebleed. She looked at Alex and stuck her finger in her mouth, making gagging sounds.
Mr. Zachary pretended not to notice. He was passing out cream-colored cards with tiny flowers printed on them. Thanks to Tilda, Olivia was able to identify the flowers as forget-me-nots. 
"Now don't worry at all about spelling or punctuation or capitalization or any of those silly things that keep us from expressing ourselves," said Mr. Zachary as he flitted around the room. "You won't ever have to worry about those in my class. Just put down what your true feelings are."
Olivia looked at the blank card on her desk. Her true feelings probably would cause it to burst into flame. Finally she took out her pen and drew a smiley-face on the card. She signed it, "Olivia." Madison would probably get the point.
The others were still busy writing or thinking, and Mr. Zachary was in the back ooing and ahhing over someone's note. When Olivia put her pen back in her purse, she saw the envelope that she had found in her locker. The one that had her name written on it.
She recognized the handwriting now. She had seen it often on the board in this room. It was Ms. Noyes' writing.
Checking to make sure no one was watching, Olivia opened the envelope and unfolded the note inside:

Dear Olivia,
You'll soon find out that I won't be teaching here any longer. I'm sorry, not because I lost my job, but because I thought the students here needed what I could teach them. But I'll be sorry most of all not to teach you and watch you grow in mind and spirit. You were my favorite student, and I know you sometimes felt isolated from the class. If that happens again sometime, just think of Ms. Noyes and say along with me, 

 I'm nobody! Who are you?
Are you nobody, too?
Then there's a pair of us--don't tell!
They'd banish us, you know

The "somebodies" may have banished me from the school, but I hope never from your memories. May you find success and happiness in whatever you do.
My very best wishes,
Wendy Noyes

Olivia started to cry--as much from anger as from sadness. Her tears felt hot against her cheeks. Mr. Zachary, with wonderful timing, picked just that moment to stop at her desk. Of course, he misunderstood the reason why she was crying. He patted Olivia's arm and said, "Don't worry. I know that with all of us pulling for her, Madison is bound to get well."
She looked up and saw him dissolving through her tears. She wanted to say something that would crush him, destroy him, make him feel as bad as she did. But as hard as she tried, she couldn't force any words from her mouth.
Instead, she realized what she had to do now.

As soon as class was over, she grabbed Alex's arm. "Get the book and the Decodesphere," she said. "I'll meet you at the janitor's room."
"But you don't have to curse Madison now," he said. "She's in a sylum."
"I'm casting a spell anyway," Olivia replied. "On the school."
Chapter Sixteen
Olivia took a piece of chalk and drew a circle on the floor around the table in Kurt's room. The spell that she had read yesterday emphasized that it must be conducted in a circle. It also required a pentagram on the table, which she drew, and finally the two black candles had to be lit. Everything was ready.
"Turn off the light, Alex," she said.
"Are you sure?" he asked nervously. Alex had shown signs of refusing to obey her, Olivia noticed. The janitor had wanted more money this time to let them use his room and Alex had been reluctant to pay. Perhaps she'd need to cast a stronger spell on him when this one was finished.
"Turn off the light and sit down," she told him firmly. He did as he was ordered. She could see his face on the other side of the two flickering candles. He looked worried. She couldn't imagine why.
The spell she had found in the book yesterday was titled, "Incantation for Calling Malefic Demons to Infest a Place." That sounded pretty much like what she wanted, and fortunately, all she needed in the way of materials was brimstone and a few pinches of dust from the place you wanted to infest. Kurt, fortunately, had barrels of the stuff.
She placed the Decodesphere over the page, and said "Reddo." The words beneath it turned into English. Kind of old-fashioned English. Probably the way John Dee himself spoke it. Olivia took a pinch of dust, combined it with the brimstone, and sprinkled it over the pentagram, chanting:
"Seven of them, I see
  Seven of them follow mee
  From the numberless stars of heaven
  Come ye demons I count seven."
She sprinkled some more dust and brimstone. She heard a rustling sound above her. Alex jumped a little and looked up at the ceiling, but of course it was too dark to see what was up there. The smell had appeared again too. Was it this bad the other time? Olivia wondered. She continued the spell:
"Come, come, ye seven trolls
  Through the doors and through the holes
  Make this place fitten only for beasts
  Until all within it are deceased."
Only one more part to go. The smell was really awful. Olivia was afraid to breathe. She could also hear sounds like wind blowing--almost howling, it was so loud. But it couldn't really have been wind, because the candles kept burning without a flicker. Alex leaned forward and started to say something, but Olivia sent him backwards with a violent wave of her hand. His face receded into the darkness. Olivia sprinkled the final pinch of dust over the pentagram. Yellow smoke rose into the air. The instructions for the last part of the incantation told her to sing it, so she did, nearly choking on the smoke:
"Come play, come play
  Both night and day
  The seven are free
  By my decree."
The candle flames suddenly turned blue. Bright blue. Olivia stared at them. That didn't happen the other time, she thought.
Then they went out.
Olivia sat in the darkness, waiting. Suddenly she heard a laugh, like the kind Tim Glidewell made when he told one of his dirty jokes.
A nasty laugh.
And it wasn't Alex.
Olivia felt a chill. "Alex?" she called. "Turn on the lights."
More laughter, coming from several people now.
Or maybe...not people.
"Alex!" she cried, hearing the fear in her own voice. "Turn on the lights! Right now!"
She heard grunting sounds in the pitch-black room, like creatures straining against something. And then there was a tremendous crash. The door to the janitor's room burst outwards, flying into the hall, and Olivia could see what looked like whirling clouds of red and black smoke rush through the doorway.
Hysterical laughter came from the clouds, like the sounds of something suddenly released from captivity, but they were moving down the hall, away from Olivia. She stood up, wondering where Alex was. It occurred to her that Kurt was going to be ticked off about his door. Alex had better have more money ready.
Then she heard a mewing sound, and looked at the floor. The light from the hallway showed her a cat that was tied to the leg of a chair with some kind of green, gummy string. As she stooped down, she saw that the creature's eyes weren't shaped the way cat's eyes usually are.
They were Alex's eyes. 
They pleaded with her as he meowed furiously. She understood and tried to undo the gummy string. But it stuck to her fingers and she couldn't untie it or break it with her hands.
"I'm sorry," she said. "I need something to cut it, I think." Alex's Swiss Army Knife, she thought. But after looking around for a while with no luck, she figured it must have disappeared when Alex.... She shook her head. Changing Alex into a cat hadn't been part of her plan. 
Then, from the hallway, she heard barking. A lot of barking. She looked out to see a pack of dogs run by. Little dogs: Yorkies, Pomeranians, King Charles Spaniels...What were they doing in the school?
One of the dogs, a Shih-Tzu with a cute face, seemed to notice her and stopped. It came over and hung its head, sniffing her feet. She bent down to pet it and the dog raised its head and licked her hand. Olivia stared in surprise as she saw its eyes. They looked like the eyes of somebody else she knew. "Muffin?" she said.
Before Olivia could react, there was a growl farther down the hallway. The little Shih-Tzu jumped away and fled, whining with fear. Olivia saw a mean-looking Doberman go after it.
She went back to the tied-up cat in the janitor's room and knelt next to it. "Alex," she said, "I've got to go find somebody who knows more than I do." The cat meowed loudly. He wanted to go with her. "I can't take you," she said. "But you'll be safe. I'll close the..." Um, let's try Plan B, she thought as she contemplated the splintered door. Finally, she moved two of Kurt's trash barrels into the doorway as she left, hoping they would keep the dogs out if they came back.
By now, she could hear all sorts of sounds: animal cries, bird calls, even what sounded like crickets and other insects. It sounded like a zoo. A flock of brightly colored parrots flew past her, and then the whole corridor floor suddenly filled up with gerbils and hamsters coming from the elementary school section. They tickled her ankles as they rushed past her.
There were bigger animals, too. The first one she saw was a deer, poking its head shyly out of Mr. Haber's math classroom. When she approached it, it shied away from her, darting back inside. 
She heard cawing sounds coming from the music room, and curiosity made her open the door. A large black bird--a crow? a raven?--soared around the room, cawing loudly. It sounds angry, Olivia thought. When the bird saw her, it dived in her direction, claws outstretched and aiming for her eyes. Olivia slammed the door quickly and heard the caws of frustration on the other side.
Behind her came more of the horrible laughing that she'd first heard in the janitor's room. She turned around to see the black and red wisps of smoke rushing toward her. She raised her arms to defend herself, but the smoke swirled around her, so that the evil laughter came at her from all sides.
"Get away!" she screamed, waving her arms. Am I going to be turned into some animal too? The smoke concentrated itself into a slender column, like an arrow, and stabbed at her body again and again. But when nothing happened, the laughter turned angry. Sensing its frustration, Olivia cried again, "Get away from me!" and all at once the smoke headed off in another direction.
Olivia looked down at herself, afraid of what she might see. But nothing had changed. Only...she felt something hot between her breasts. She reached down her shirt and pulled up the sachet that Eva had given her as protection against demons. It was almost too hot to touch.
A dog barked and Olivia looked up to see a poodle trotting toward her. It was brown, an odd color for poodles, she thought. It was coming pretty fast, almost like the crow had, and she looked around for something she could use to ward it off. "Back!" she called, holding the sachet out to defend herself.
But that had no effect. The dog jumped at the last second and put its forepaws on her shoulders, the way poodles sometimes do. The dog was heavy enough to pin her backward against the wall.
Face-to-face, she looked into its eyes. And saw Paul's eyes. He barked a couple more times. Definitely angry barks.
"Yes, I know!" she said. "I screwed up, all right? What am I supposed to do about it?"
The poodle just stared back. Then he jumped down, freeing her. He started down the hall, turned to look at her, trotted back, and started down the hall again.
"You want me to follow you?" she asked.
He barked. Several times.
"O.K., I heard you," Olivia said, and followed.
The poodle stopped outside the door of Mr. Feldstein's room, which was closed. The dog jumped up and began to scratch on it.
"Go away!" came a voice from inside the room. "I can't do anything."
Olivia turned the knob and opened the door. Mr. Feldstein was sitting at his desk, wearing what looked like a colonial woman's gown and powdered wig. "Olivia?" he said. "How did you--"
Olivia showed him her sachet. "I guess you have one of these too," she said. "Since you're a witch."
He frowned. "If you had any knowledge at all of Wicca," he said, "you'd know we're not supposed to recognize each other in public."
Olivia was annoyed. "Don't you think the situation makes that rule a little silly?" she asked. "There's nobody here but us, anyway."
Mr. Feldstein pointed. "Don't fool yourself. That dog, if I'm not mistaken, is Paul Phillips. He appears to think I can do something." Mr. Feldstein peered at Olivia over the granny glasses he was wearing for the costume. "Someone seems to have called demons to infest the school."
She hung her head. "It was me," she confessed.
"That's absurd," Mr. Feldstein said. "You couldn't have developed that kind of power. You're too young."
"I had a book," she explained.
He snorted, and replied, "Well, supposing that's true, I would personally take it as a great favor if you expelled the demons and restored everyone to their proper forms. Otherwise, I'll have to find another job. And I won't be able to get references from Ms. Dolfinger, who is now a box turtle."
"I can't," Olivia admitted. "But I know someone who can."
"Your aunt? Of course. Summon her at once."
"She's actually...out of town," Olivia said. "I was thinking of Eva."
"Eva McBride? Out of the question."
"I know she could help us," insisted Olivia.
"She certainly could," replied Mr. Feldstein. "She's one of the most advanced practitioners in the city. But she has to stay inside her veil. You know what that is?"
"It protects her against the Sheelins."
"And so you know--"
"Can you contact her anyway? Please? Tell her Olivia is really in trouble."
Mr. Feldstein hesitated. The poodle, who'd been standing by throughout the conversation, barked.
"All right," said Mr. Feldstein. "You could contact her yourself, you know."
"How?"
"By the fastest means of communication yet devised."
"Something magical?" Olivia asked eagerly.
"Cellphone," he answered, taking his own out.

After Mr. Feldstein reached Eva, she too had trouble believing that Olivia could have caused the trouble. "I know," said Mr. Feldstein, "but she's right here, and she and I are the only two inside the school to retain human forms." He listened, said, "All right," and handed the phone to Olivia.
She heard Eva's voice. "Olivia? Bernard tells me you've somehow called up demons. How did that happen?"
"I'm sorry," said Olivia. "I had this book with some of Dr. Dee's incantations, and I got angry at everybody, and I just...used it." Her voice shrank. She felt like crying. What was Aunt Tilda going to say?
"Well, calm down now," Eva said, "and let's talk. Did you catch a glimpse of what the demons looked like when you called them?"
"Just some black and red smoke. And they laughed a lot."
"Well, all demons do that. Black and red, you say? How many did the incantation call for?"
"Ummm...seven."
"All right, seven isn't so bad. You're sure the incantation didn't say 'a multitude'?"
"Yes, I'm sure."
"Very good. And for how long did you invite them to stay in the school?"
Olivia struggled to think. When she remembered, she felt a little chill go through her. "I guess it was...until all within are deceased."
There was a long silence that made Olivia more uncomfortable. "Didn't we have a little chat about setting time limits for spells?" Eva asked finally.
"I know, I'm sorry," Olivia said. "At the time, I didn't think of that as a time limit."
"Training, training," Eva said. "That's why training is soo important. I told your aunt she should--well, never mind. I guess I really ought to come down there."
"But Eva, I don't want you to get hurt."
"By seven demons? I've had seven demons before breakfast."
"But what about James Sheelin?"
"Oh, him. I have somebody keeping an evil eye on him, and she informs me that James stays out at the bars all night and doesn't get up until two in the afternoon. That should give me plenty of time."
"All right, but be careful," Olivia said.
"Coming from you, my dear, that's empty advice."
Olivia blushed.

Less than a minute after Olivia hung up the phone, Eva strode through the door of the classroom, followed by her cat Brighde, which arched her back and hissed when it saw Paul the poodle. "You didn't tell me you had a dog," Eva said.
"He's really a boy," said Olivia. "His name is Paul."
Paul sat up and looked intelligent as Eva surveyed him. "I would have preferred an Irish setter myself," she said.
"Eva, how did you get here so fast?" said Olivia.
"I used the fastest means of transportation ever devised," Eva replied.
Olivia tried to think what that might be. "The subway?"
"Broomstick," said Eva. "It's on the roof. Now let's get down to business. I don't have time to tarry. Bernard, where's the foulest place in the building, where our foes might settle in?"
As Mr. Feldstein thought about it, Olivia was about to suggest the shower drains in the gym. But instead, Mr. Feldstein said, "Cafeteria kitchen." He took out what appeared to be a small flashlight and shone it onto the surface of his desk. Olivia saw a floor plan of the school appear.
"The cafeteria is here," Mr. Feldstein said, and a yellow light began to blink at the spot. "And this is the kitchen." A red light blinked there. "And we're here." He pointed to a green light, which turned into a dotted line that led down the hallway and into the cafeteria.
"Two entrances, I see," said Eva. "Bernard, you and this dog will cover the left one. Just make sure none escape." She handed him some plastic bags filled with herbs. "This one is Scottish broom leaf. Scatter it in their path, and they'll turn back. If some persist, throw this Spanish moss at them. They detest that."
She turned to Olivia. "You and I will go into the kitchen and call them out."
"Me?" said Olivia. "I haven't had any training."
"You're about to get some. Do you think you can just make a mess and not clean up after yourself?"
Chapter Seventeen
They split into two teams as they reached the cafeteria. There were two doors to the kitchen and Mr. F went off with Paul toward one of them. Eva took out her wand, and Brighde arched her back, turning and hissing at every little sound. Even though she trusted Eva, Olivia felt terrified. By the time they reached the other door to the kitchen, she felt like throwing up.
Maybe that was from the stink. It was far worse here than it had been in the janitor's room when Olivia summoned the demons originally. "Lots of spoiled food," Eva commented. "They love to eat rotten stuff." She handed Olivia a little blue jar that held some salve. "Rub it inside your nose," Eva said.
The salve had a sharp smell, but it masked the fouler odors. Eva gave Olivia two more of the bags of herbs. "You remember what I told Bernard," she said. "Try the Scottish broom leaf first, then the Spanish moss. If all else fails, use this." She held out a third bag. "St. John's Wort. Use it sparingly. It makes them angry."
Olivia heard the evil laughter again. Eva took out her wand. "Just think, before you came to visit Tilda, I was wishing I could get some practice with this again," Eva said. She waved the wand in the air and said in a loud voice, "Dico mihi vestri nomen."
The laughter grew louder and shriller. Then there was a sound like a gigantic belch. Tim Glidewell would have been jealous. "Dico mihi vestri nomen," Eva said again. She whispered to Olivia. "I need to know their names."
All of a sudden, a heavy stream of dark brown liquid shot toward Eva and Olivia, covering them. Olivia gasped. It was like being vomited on by the most immense, sickest elephant in the world. Her clothes, her hair--everything was drenched by this foul, awful, thick--
Splash! A second stream of liquid hit them. Olivia saw Brighde hiding under a table, untouched, but Eva was as drenched as Olivia was. Only...she was smiling! "They know I mean business," she told Olivia, and repeated once more: "Dico mihi vestri nomen."
Olivia wiped some of the foul liquid from her face and saw some of the black and red smoke rising from a drain. "Quick," Eva said. "The Scottish broom, quick! Sprinkle it across the doorway."
Olivia did and saw the smoke turn into an arrow which disappeared under a stove. "We've got to keep them trapped here," Eva said.
They're trapped? thought Olivia. I feel like they've got us just where they want us.
A terrible howl suddenly emerged from the interior of the kitchen. Olivia wanted to clap her hands over her ears, but she would have had to drop the herbs. It was painful to hear it, not just because it was so loud, but because it chilled her bones. "That's the cry of a banshee," said Eva. "When the banshee appears, someone is going to die."
"Who?" screamed Olivia, trying to make herself heard above the noise. "Is it us?"
"Nobody," shouted Eva. "They're not really banshees. They're just imitating the cry to frighten us."
Suddenly Olivia remembered something. "I think they're trolls," she said.
"Trolls?" Eva repeated. "Why?"
"Because I mentioned them in the incantation."
"Why didn't you say so before?" asked Eva. "Bernard!" she called. "Get ready to block their way out. I'm going to call names."
Olivia thought she could hear barking in response.
Eva took a step into the room. Olivia tensed for another stream of foul liquid. Then Eva waved her wand and said, "Ego dico Hroogar!"
Like magic (well, obviously), the keening of the banshee was replaced by a harsh voice that sounded like Tim Glidewell trying to belch and talk at the same time. Olivia couldn't make out what it was saying, but she could tell whatever made the sound was trying to scare them. As far as she was concerned, it succeeded.
"Ego dico Hroogar!" Eva repeated. "Ego vos dimitto!" Over her shoulder, she called to Olivia: "Scatter the St. John's Wort. Be quick!"
Olivia reached into the bag and flung the herb around. As she looked up, she saw a column of red and black smoke form into a face--a truly scary face that hovered above Eva for a second and then went right through the ceiling, rattling the pots and pans that hung up there.
Olivia stared open-mouthed at the place where the face had been. "How...how did you know what its name was?" she asked.
"Training, dear," said Eva. "There are only a very few troll names. I used the most common one, Hroogar. One out of these seven was bound to be named Hroogar. But we're not finished. Six to go."
She turned back. "Ego dico Frooi!" she called. This time the angry response sounded twice as loud to Olivia. But Eva's face broke into a smile. "We're in luck," she said. "Two of them are named Frooi. "
One of them put up more of a fight than Hroogar had, however. It shot such a powerful stream of brown liquid at them that both Eva and Oliva were thrown back. "Don't let them through the doorway," shouted Eva. "Or we'll have to corner them somewhere else."
Blinded by the hideous, stinking stuff running down her forehead and into her eyes, Olivia staggered forward, scattering as much of the St. John's Wort as she could grab. "Not too much," Eva cautioned her. "We've got to make it last."
I don't know how much to use, Olivia wanted to shout. I don't know what I'm doing here. I want to go skiing.
There was no time for regrets, however, because Eva was already calling out another troll: "Hadingus! Hadingus, come and show yourself to me!"
There was a tremendous roar, not like anything alive--more like a volcano exploding. Not that Olivia had ever actually heard a volcano, but she thought it had to be something at least that big to make such a noise. All at once the whole room seemed to fill with the black and red smoke. "Spread the Scottish Broom!" Eva shouted. Olivia flung a fistful of it into the smoke and watched it draw back like a cloud of bees. "Ego vos dimitto!" Eva shouted, and Olivia thought she heard Mr. Feldstein repeating the spell at the other end of the kitchen.
The smoke started to collapse inward, but Olivia felt herself being sucked toward it. She screamed in fright. Whatever was at the center of this thing was so foul, so rotten... She knew it would suffocate her if it ever pulled her inside.
"Hadingus! Ego vos dimitto!" Eva called again. Olivia saw Eva's arm, holding the wand, slice through the smoke, dissolving it. With a final roar--this time, one of pain and despair--the smoke called Hadingus swept through the ceiling.
Olivia turned to see Eva breathing heavily. "This isn't as easy as it was when I was three hundred," she said. She reached into her sleeve and pulled out a packet that held several hard nut-like objects. Handing it to Olivia, she said, "You might have to protect yourself with these."
"What are they?" Olivia asked.
"Boma nuts," replied Eva. "Toss them on the floor as hard as you can to break them open. But only if you're attacked."
Olivia shuddered to think what an attack must be like. What have they been doing up till now? she thought.
Eva shook her head, as if trying to gather her strength. "Ermingar!" she called. "Show yourself. Ego dico Ermingar."
There was no response this time. Momentarily Olivia hoped that the spirits had fled while Eva was off her guard. But then they heard what sounded like high-pitched giggling.
"None of them is named Ermingar," Eva explained. "They must be from the north." She took a breath and tried again: "Fridleif! Ego dico Fridleif!"
This time Olivia heard pounding--no, more than heard it. She felt as if something huge was pounding the room on the floor, ceiling, and walls all at once. It shook her whole body. She wanted to throw the boma nuts, but a glance at Eva told her it wasn't time yet. "I hear you, Fridleif," Eva called, "Et ego te dico! Ego dico Fridleif!" More of the smoke appeared, but it didn't retreat. Instead, the pounding grew louder and stronger, and Olivia saw the smoke expand and contract like a beating heart. With each beat, it shot out a stream of the loathsome liquid. Olivia learned to time the squirts and try to dodge them, but the cloud of smoke seemed to grow larger with each one. "Use the rest of the St. John's Wort!" shouted Eva. "Scatter all if it! Now!"
Olivia hoped she hadn't got the bags of herbs mixed up. She switched the boma nuts to her other hand and flung what she thought was St. John's wort into the center of the cloud. "Ego vos dimitto!" Eva called. The smoke stopped moving for a second, trembled, and then, spewing smelly brown liquid over Olivia and Eva, it followed the other trolls through the ceiling.
The pounding stopped abruptly and the silence that took its place  made Olivia think for a second that she'd gone deaf. She almost relaxed until Eva called to her, "Don't let your guard down! You have to outlast them!"
Olivia nodded, shifting the packet of boma nuts to her right hand again. Almost at once, Eva started to call, "Healfdene! Healfdene! Ego dico Healfdene!"
A piteous cry of pain filled the room. It sounded like a little girl's voice--the loneliest little girl in the world, who was being tortured by some incredibly cruel witch. Olivia shook her head. Witch? What made me think witch? she thought, glancing at Eva to see if she were reading Olivia's mind. Doubts crept into Olivia's head. Maybe Eva is wrong and there is a good troll here, who should be left alone. Who only wants someone to play with.
"It's filling your mind with confusion," Eva called. "Drive the thoughts away. Be ready! Be alert!"
Suddenly Olivia saw a little sphere of red and black smoke appear. It started bouncing like a rubber ball. Then another appeared. And another. Another. All bouncing crazily so that when she tried to watch them all, she got dizzy. They came closer to her and it seemed like they wanted to play.
"Throw the boma nuts!" Eva called. "Now!"
The little girl's crying started again. Olivia felt sorry for her. Then the first of the balls bounced against her legs. It burned right through her jeans and hurt as if it was tearing her skin off. 
"DO IT!" Eva cried. 
Startled, Olivia took one of the nuts and flung it on the floor. It popped loudly and the nearest of the balls cried out, just like a little girl. Even though it had burned her, Olivia still felt sorry for it.
Then Eva shouted, "Ego vos dimitto!" and it sped toward the ceiling. "Use the rest, Olivia!" Eva called.
Olivia's leg pained her terribly, but as the other balls started bouncing closer, she forced herself to throw the boma nuts on the floor. One by one, they cracked open and set off more screaming, more crying. Eva kept repeating her spell, and each of the balls fled through the ceiling.
Counting in her head, Olivia realized that only one troll was left. But she could see that Eva wasn't holding the wand as steadily as she had at the beginning. The old woman muttered something under her breath; it seemed to Olivia as if she was trying to encourage herself. That was really scary, because if Eva couldn't drive out the trolls....
"Paltigar!" Eva called. Even her voice was weaker now. "Ego dico Paltigar!"
She must have guessed the right name, because all at once she and Olivia were hit by another blast of liquid. Olivia had thought she was getting used to it, but this stream stank worse than any that had gone before. It wasn't even  the same color as the earlier stuff--this was clearer and made the floor slippery. Eva stepped into a pool of it and fell. "Hugh Carey's Odd Ox!" she yelled, holding her ankle. She looked up at Olivia and held out the wand. "You'll have to do it," she said.
Olivia took a step back. "I don't know how," she protested.
"Didn't let that stop you before, did it?" Eva said.
"Why doesn't Mr. Feldstein do it?" Olivia cried.
"He doesn't bring his wand to school," Eva replied. "Here." She stretched her arm out toward Olivia. "Hold it on the same end I do, and just say, 'Paltigar, ego vos dimitto!'"
Reluctantly Olivia took the wand. Something that felt like an electric shock went up her arm. She thought she would drop the wand, but then realized it felt like it was part of her body, allowing her to reach farther than she ever had before. It was such a strange feeling that she hesitated, and Eva called out, "Fast, now, fast!"
Olivia took a deep breath and said, "Paltigar, ego vos dimitto."
"Camhcaid!" shouted Eva. "Make it sound like you mean it! You're in charge here!"
Olivia nodded. Her whole arm felt like it was made of some incredibly strong metal, and she was ready to strike something with it. She raised the wand again, and screamed: "Paltigar! Ego vos dimitto!"
The last of the red and black smoke rose into the air, whirling like a room-sized tornado. A final stream of loathsome liquid shot out of it, hitting Olivia in the face. But she could feel that the spirit was weakening. "Ego vos dimitto!" she yelled back, sputtering and spitting.
The smoke collected itself into an arrow and headed straight up, through the ceiling. On its way, it knocked down several large metal pots, which fell to the floor, rattling and crashing.
And then...nothing.
They were gone.
Olivia stood there, wand still held in readiness, breathing hard. Magic did take a lot of energy. She didn't know how Eva could have done this for as long as she had.
"Bernard!" Eva shouted. "Did any get by you?"
"None at all," they heard him say. "It looked to me like you expelled all seven."
"I did six," Eva said. "Olivia got the last one."

Olivia helped Eva to her feet, but then found she couldn't let go of the wand. Eva had to mutter a little charm before she could pry Olivia's fingers from it. She gave Olivia a curious look as she slipped the wand into her sleeve.
They walked back through the cafeteria and Olivia began to smell herself. She was still drenched from head to foot with the liquid.
"I've got to wash off this vomit," she said.
"Vomit?" Eva said with a rueful chuckle. "That was no vomit. Trolls don't fight that way. They aim at you with their rear ends."
"You mean--?" Olivia said, horrified. She screamed and ran for the locker room.
As she burst through the door of the gym, Olivia came face-to-face with a gorilla. Her heart sank. The curse hasn't been lifted, she realized. The more pressing problem, however, was going to be dealing with the gorilla, but as soon as it took a whiff of Olivia, it lumbered across the floor and hid under the bleachers.
Inside the locker room, at least the water was still running. Olivia took the hottest, longest shower of her life. Fortunately, she found the remnants of an old bar of soap and managed to lather it up in her hair. She giggled as she wondered what her mother would think if she saw her now. In fact, she giggled so much that she had to sit down right there in the shower. Assume control, she kept telling herself, but that seemed so funny that it started her giggling again.
Finally she turned off the water, toweled off, and found some shorts and sweat clothes in her locker. Nothing to do now but go looking for Eva. Maybe she went back to her veil, Olivia thought, wondering what to do about the school that had turned into a zoo.
Eva was in Mr. Feldstein's classroom. The cat was standing on the teacher's desk, hissing at Paul, who was unfortunately still a poodle. "Ah, there you are," Eva said when Olivia arrived. "You didn't have to take a shower. I used a magic rinse to clean the rest of us up."
"Sometimes," said Olivia, "only water will do."
Eva smiled. "You'll be glad to hear that Bernard and I have decided that the general charm that you placed on the school will probably wear off by itself, now that the trolls have been expelled."
"We won't have to wait until everyone inside has...um, died?"
"Bernard is going to hurry the process along with a few technical spells that you needn't concern yourself with. In fact, he thinks everyone will return to their normal forms in time for the usual dismissal bell."
"And they can all get in their limousines and go home," said Mr. Feldstein. "There will be some interesting answers tonight to the question, 'What did you do in school today?'"
"You mean they'll remember all this?" asked Olivia.
"Most people soon forget the unpleasant effects of a charm that's been lifted," said Eva. "But I would think your friend there won't." She nodded toward the poodle, who barked. "Fortunately, they won't be believed," she added.
"Now," said Eva, picking up the book that lay on Mr. Feldstein's desk, "I will have a few questions about this book, and I expect so will Tilda. I'll just take it for safekeeping, if you have no objection."
Olivia hung her head. "No," she mumbled.
"And this other device. The...Decodesphere? Where did you say you obtained that?"
"Oh!" Olivia said, suddenly remembering. "Alex! I told Alex I'd come back to help him. You've got to show me how."
Eva and Brighde followed Olivia down the hallway, leaving Mr. Feldstein to attend to the technical spells.
"Whatever form your friend has taken, it will soon fall away," Eva told Olivia.
"He was tied up too," Olivia said. "The trolls must have done it."
They found him bound to the chair leg, just where Olivia had left him. He mewed loudly as he saw them. Eva's cat went over and sniffed him. Alex's tail curled back and forth.
Eva took a look at the green strings. "These are typical troll bonds," she said. "He must have tried to stop the trolls from getting out of this room. Pretty brave, I'd say. Brighde can cut him loose. She's taken a shine to him, I think."
Brighde went to work chewing through the green strings, and Eva said to Olivia, "This is the boy I helped you to charm?"
"Yes," admitted Olivia.
"And according to Tilda, the one you thought was becoming your familiar?"
Olivia swallowed hard and nodded. "I know what you're going to say," she told Eva.
"But of course you'll disregard it, just as you do everything else."
"No," Olivia protested. "I know. I can't keep him. It's wrong."
"A step in the right direction," Eva commented. "But there's a long way to go."
Alex was free now, and he and Brighde were licking each other. "Can you make him come back to his real form?" Olivia asked. "I mean right now?" She was feeling a little jealous, watching the licking.
Eva muttered something and reached down to pet Olivia's cat. In the blink of an eye, Alex stood before them, as good as new.
"That was sooo cool!" he said.
Even Eva was surprised at his reaction. "You enjoyed being a cat?" she asked.
"It was just like in my dream," he explained. "And I knew I would get free and come to save Olivia." He gave Olivia a look that made her knees weak. Even though she knew he hadn't saved her, she wished he had. It would be such a good story.
Eva touched Alex's arm and muttered something else. "It was a good day in school, wasn't it?" she asked him.
"Uhh, yeah," he said.
"You made your teachers proud of you."
"I did?"
"Yes, don't you remember?"
His eyes cleared, and he nodded and smiled. "Yeah. Everybody was pretty surprised."
"Almost time to go home," Eva said. "Better pack up your books."
"Yeah. Want to come home with me and make out, Olivia?"
Eva squeezed his arm, a little harder this time. He winced. "Not today," Eva said firmly. "And you won't need the Decodesphere any more, will you?"
"No," he said. "Not at all."

"I've got to get back," Eva said after Alex had left. "No sense tempting fate. James Sheelin could always get lucky." 
"Can I go with you?" Olivia asked, wondering what it would feel like to ride on a broomstick.
"Don't push your luck," growled Eva. "But drop in and see me when you arrive. We have something to do."
Chapter Eighteen
Olivia found René waiting in the cab, as usual. The other kids were unusually silent, just glancing at each other without saying anything before getting onto the buses or walking toward the subway station.
"What happened at school today?" René asked Olivia.
"Nothing," Olivia said.
"Must have been something. There's a scent of magic in the air."
"You can smell it?" she asked.
"When it's this strong I can," he replied. "And it's not white magic, more like chaos magic." He turned and looked at her. "You sure you're all right?"
"Eva came and fixed things up," Olivia said.
René whistled. "Must have been really bad," he remarked.

Olivia went home and changed clothes. Julius was especially curious today, and followed her everywhere. Olivia wondered what Tilda was going to say when she heard Olivia stole her book--and what she did with it. Maybe I should just pack my stuff and head for the airport, Olivia thought. If I go back to Los Angeles, some of the staff will still be at the house in Beverly Hills. They'd have to let me stay there. Nobody would care. Mother would just say, That's Olivia for you. Can't ever make up her mind.
She cried for a while and then felt better. She realized her choice was Beverly Hills or Eva's. 
She walked down the street and rang the bell. Eva was waiting with a steaming pot. "I just received some Keemun tea from China. You'll find it a little different."
"You're not going to drug me, are you?" Olivia asked.
"I should have put a forget spell on you when I did," Eva said. "Then you wouldn't pester me about it forever. Try it. Can't be any worse than what you've already been through today."
Olivia took a sip. "It's like...chocolate," she said.
"Now there. Wasn't so bad, was it?"
They drank their tea in silence for a few moments. "What do you think Aunt Tilda is going to do to me?" Olivia asked.
"Well, it depends on her mood," Eva replied. "But in case she decides to turn you into a mouse for Julius to play with, there's something you ought to do first." She pointed to the shelf. "The crystal," she said.
Olivia took it down and held it on her lap. "I won't have a single friend at school after this," she said. "Everybody but Alex already hates me, and now--so will he."
"Perhaps you're wrong," Eva said. "Did you ever hear this saying? 'If you love something, let it go. If it comes back to you, it's yours. If it doesn't, it never was."
Olivia nodded. "He won't come back," she said. "I don't really love him, but it was nice to think somebody loved me." She sighed. "What do I have to do?"
"Think of him until he appears in the ball again," said Eva.
It was easier to do this now, Olivia noticed. Alex always came when she called. She peered into the crystal. What was he doing? He was reading a book. An actual book, not a comic book. It looked like The Crucible. Olivia shook her head in amazement. "What else?" she said.
"Tell him 'Goodbye, Alex,'" Eva replied.
Olivia took a deep breath and Alex looked up. "Goodbye, Alex," she said. He turned and faded away. Silent tears ran down Olivia's cheeks.
The door to Eva's apartment opened, and Olivia looked up to see Aunt Tilda there, followed by a heavy-set black woman with gray hair.
"Aunt Tilda!" Olivia said. "I thought you'd gone upstate for the day."
"After I received Eva's message, I borrowed a broomstick," Tilda said. "It seems that I had to be here for an emergency meeting of the Greenwich Village Wicca Council." Gesturing toward the black woman, she added, "This is Flora. I wouldn't advise you to deceive her."
"Why would you think I--" Olivia started to protest, but stopped to stare. Flora had just sat down, in a place where there hadn't been anything but a messy pile of magazines before. Now there was a plush red armchair and Flora was seated comfortably in it. She waved her hand, and another appeared behind Tilda.
"When people deceive me," Flora said in a deep voice that sounded like Harry Belafonte's, "they tongue no longer work."
Olivia felt as if her tongue wouldn't work, and rather than test it, she just nodded.
"Now then," said Tilda. "The book, Eva?"
Eva handed her Dr. Dee's magic book. Tilda examined it and asked Olivia, "Where did you get this?" 
"Your library," Olivia said in a small voice.
"Where in the library?"
"It was...on the top shelf."
"How could you have gotten it from the top shelf?" Tilda asked. "Were you levitating?"
"Levi..." Olivia didn't recognize the word.
"Floating in the air," her aunt explained.
"No, no," Olivia asked, relieved that there was something she could honestly deny doing. "I don't know how to do that," she said. She reached for her teacup, but her hand was shaking so much that she couldn't pick it up.
"There is no ladder in the library that would enable you to reach the top shelf," Tilda pointed out. "Besides that, I had put a stay spell on this book. Even if you could reach it, you shouldn't have been able to remove it. So how did you do it?"
Olivia tried to recall. "Oh!" she said. "I saw it, and it looked interesting. I got a ladder, but you're right, it wasn't high enough. I reached up as far as I could, and then the book sort of tumbled off the shelf into my hand."
The three women made low noises like, "Ohhhhh," and exchanged glances.
"Just fell into your hand, is that right?" asked Tilda.
Olivia nodded.
"Speak to me so we know your tongue still works," Tilda said.
"Yes," Olivia said, her voice sounding squeaky. She cleared her throat and repeated, "Yes, that's what it did."
"The book found her," said Flora.
"So it wasn't my fault?" asked Olivia.
Flora gave her a stern look. "Who found the book?" she asked.
There seemed no need to answer that.
None of the three women said anything for a little while. They just looked at Olivia and seemed to be reading each other's thoughts, which was a lot worse, Olivia thought, than if they asked her questions.
Finally Tilda spoke. "Besides the trouble you caused today by calling up demons into a school where there were many innocent children," she said, "what else did you use this book for?"
Olivia knew she had to tell the truth. "I caused a girl's face to break out in boils and cysts."
Flora put her hand over her mouth. Is that because she thinks it's funny? thought Olivia.
"No," Flora said, "not funny."
"Maybe a little amusing," Eva suggested. The other two women glared at Eva, and she hastily added. "Of course not. How awful for the poor girl. Dreadful."
"What did I tell you the first rule of Wicca was?" asked Tilda.
"If it harm none, do as thou wilt," Olivia answered.
"Did you follow that rule?"
Olivia hung her head. "No."
"So that indicates you are not suitable to practice Wicca," Tilda said. "Yet the things you have done indicate that you have great affinity for the spirit world and that those of us who serve the Lady should welcome you."
Olivia felt confused. "I'm sorry," she said.
"You cannot help being what you are," said Tilda, and Olivia thought of what Paul had said. "The decision, and the responsibility, that faces us is whether we should accept you and help you attain greater powers or--" She hesitated.
Flora finished for her. "Or wash all knowledge from your mind."
"Not all knowledge," Tilda added when she saw the look of alarm on Olivia's face. "But all memory of what you have done in practicing either Wicca or the chaos magic of Dr. Dee."
"You'll remember most things," chimed in Eva. "Just not the magic bits."
Nothing else was any fun, thought Olivia, and then tried to banish the thought as she saw the three women frown at her. "When will you decide?" she asked them. "Right now?" She felt a little frightened, wondering if it would hurt to have her mind cleaned.
"We need more time," said Tilda. "If we decide to accept you, we will let you know. If we decide...the other way, you will never know."
"I'll just forget," Olivia said.
"It will be as if it never happened," said Tilda.

The Knickerbocker School was closed for two weeks, to allow time for all the students to obtain counseling and therapy. There was an article about it in the morning newspaper, which Olivia read at the breakfast table. "It says that the students suffered from mass hysteria," Olivia told her aunt. "Delusions of becoming wild creatures."
Tilda nodded and said, "This blueberry jam that Agnes sent down from New Paltz is wonderful. Try some."
"But it goes on to say that this hysteria was brought on by a teacher who made her class read a play about witches, and encouraged them to believe that there are witches alive today," Olivia said.
"It must have been the dry summer we had," Tilda remarked. "Always makes the late-season berries more intensely flavored."
"But Aunt Tilda, that's just the opposite of what happened," said Olivia.
"Fortunately," Tilda observed, "people generally believe what they read in the newspapers is true. Despite all evidence to the contrary."
"Poor Ms. Noyes," said Olivia. "It's so unfair. She won't be able to get a job teaching anywhere."
"I spoke with her the other day," Tilda said. "I understand she's planning to write a novel. I'm sure she'll do well. She's quite talented."

The day that The Knickerbocker School finally re-opened, Olivia got out of René's cab to see a crowd of students on the steps of the school. Right in the midst of them was Madison, whose treatment had apparently been successful. Madison was smiling and laughing, and obviously happy to be the center of attention once again.
Olivia's heart sank when she saw Alex standing next to her. She hadn't heard from Alex during the entire two weeks the school had been closed. She figured Yolanda had told his parents about the strange girl who brought books of magic spells into the apartment. But now she saw that since the spell on him had been lifted, Alex had gone right back to his true love.
Olivia slung her backpack over her shoulders and headed for a side door. Climbing an empty staircase, she wondered if Aunt Tilda could get her into a different school at the end of the semester. One where she could get a fresh start.
Surprisingly, when she reached the corridor where her locker was, she found Dulcimer waiting for her. Now she had bright blue hair, but no piercings except for a couple of gold rings in her earlobes. "Hi," she said.
"Hi," replied Olivia. "Have you gone Goth again?"
"Not totally," said Dulcimer. "But I wasn't happy with being all conventional. So I'm trying blue as a compromise. What do you think?'
"It suits you better than brown," said Olivia, fingering her own chestnut hair. "How does Tim like it?"
"You know, I also decided he wasn't my type."
Olivia nodded, trying not to show how relieved she was. "Did you make up with Paul?" she asked.
"He's still a little upset at me," Dulcimer replied. "That's O.K. He advised me to stay away from you, though."
"I don't blame him," Olivia said. "Can you still play music?"
"Actually, I can," said Dulcimer. "I think I always could have. I was just going through a phase of rebellion, you know. Speaking of which, are you ready to become Olivia Yearwood, instead of Olivia Bettendorfer?"
"My aunt's name is Bettendorfer," Olivia said. "So I think I'll keep it for now."
"People know who you are anyway," Olivia said, "so you can't hide. But I told them it isn't cool to make a big deal of it and that if they just treat you normal, you'll have your mom arrange a free rock concert at the school. Any group we want."
"Dulcimer!" Olivia said.
"Yeah, well, so I lied. Oh, look who's here."
Olivia turned and saw Alex. He certainly could move quietly.
"I'll let you guys catch up," Dulcimer said. See you at lunch, Olivia."
Olivia waved as Dulcimer left. She looked at Alex. He'd acquired a tan. "Hi," she said.
"Hi," he replied. "I wanted to make sure you weren't mad at me."
"Mad? Why?"
"Cause I didn't call you. My father took me on a boat trip and wouldn't let me call anyone."
"You didn't have any...therapy?"
"Naw. My dad doesn't believe in it. He said a couple weeks on the water would fix me up. Which was true, because I didn't imagine I had been an animal, like some people did. I missed you, though."
"I missed you too. When I saw you with Madison..."
"Oh, yeah. Well, we used to be kind of close and I thought I'd tell her it was cool that she's out of the sylum."
"I'm sure she appreciated that," said Olivia.
"Yeah, she told me she wanted to apologize to you."
"Apologize? Are you sure?"
"Yeah," he said. "Apparently her shrink suggested it. Part of the steps Madison is supposed to follow. See, it was crazy when she thought you were a witch." He shook his head. "Just a delision."
"Delusion?" she suggested.
"Right. Anyway, you want to come over after school?" he asked. "I found this really, really rare issue of the X-Men on eBay. We could read it together."
"Actually, I've got an after-school project now," she said.
"Doing what?" he asked.
"My aunt and her friends are teaching me how to use herbs."
"Sounds boring."
"I guess it could be," she agreed.
