





Between The Land And The Sea
Derrolyn Anderson




Copyright © 2011 by Derrolyn Anderson
All rights reserved, including the right to reproduce this book or portions of it.
This book is a work of fiction. Names, characters, places and incidents are the products of the author’s imagination or are used fictionally. Any resemblance to actual events, locales or persons, living or dead is entirely coincidental.



~

PROLOGUE
Santa Cruz, California 
2008

~

The surfer sat upright on his board, blue eyes intensely focused as he scanned the action at the breakers. Rising and falling with the ocean swells, he was poised to spring into action when the moment came, completely oblivious to the drama being played out below him.
Driven by mounting hunger, the shark needed to feed, and it prowled the coastline on a lethal mission. Fathomless black eyes scanned the water for prey, and its muscular tail lashed back and forth rhythmically. Once it had made its choice the outcome was a foregone conclusion; the animal was an efficient eating machine, emotionless and methodical. 
Certain death swimming.
She followed along behind it, gliding with effortless grace. The hungry predator didn’t realize that it was being stalked, shadowed by a creature far more ancient and powerful than itself. She wasn’t going to allow it to hunt in her territory. Its intended victims were her charges, and she felt a kinship to them. Watching and waiting, she trailed at a distance, a protective force of nature.
The big fish slowed and began to circle, and she knew from experience that it had selected a target. Looking up, she could see a board floating on the surface flanked by the legs of a wave rider. The hungry predator began its final rush towards what it thought was a sea lion. With its eyes rolled back for protection, the shark became a deadly missile, a terrible surge of gray slicing though the water like a knife. Massive jaws opened to reveal row upon row of serrated teeth, ready to bite down at exactly the right moment.
With a few powerful thrusts of her tail she flew through the water with tremendous speed, intercepting the shark at the last possible moment. She drove into its gills with her shoulder, knocking it off course and stunning it temporarily. Startled, it regained its bearings and righted itself, unaccustomed to being thwarted. Suddenly terrified of the interloper, the shark quickly retreated.
Pleased with herself, she surfaced to get a better look.
The surfer had glanced down just in time to see the huge jaws closing in on him. He knew what was coming and braced himself, resigned to his fate. To his amazement he was spared. One moment he was awaiting death, and a split second later he was looking at the most beautiful face he had ever seen. A girl with eyes the color of the sea. 
Eyes that locked onto his before she disappeared under the water in a flash.


~

CHAPTER ONE
DESTINY
Aptos, California, 2010

~

My father used to say that there were times in life when your personal happiness was of little consequence, and you needed to make a sacrifice for the greater good. I’d never really given that sentiment much thought before, but I suppose that this would qualify as one of those times.

Dad was leaving to work on an important project overseas, and stubbornly refused to take me along despite my most heartfelt pleading. I was to live at my Aunt’s for almost an entire year, and I wasn’t very happy about it. I’d always traveled alongside my father, and I was having a hard time understanding why he was suddenly being so obstinate. He refused to budge, making it clear that no amount of wheedling, whining or outright nagging could sway him.  
It wasn’t that I had anything against visiting my aunt and cousin– too much time had passed since we’d last seen them. I had vague memories of idyllic times spent in the small beach town of Aptos, random impressions of the sun illuminating waves, faded snapshot images of erecting and demolishing sandcastles with my cousin. A trip down the coast was long overdue, but did it have to last a whole year? I didn’t want to live in Aptos and I really didn’t want to attend the local high school.
To be perfectly honest, what bothered me the most was the prospect of the separation– I was to be cut adrift and live apart from my father for the first time in my entire life. His work was taking him to a remote and rugged part of the world, safe enough for him, but apparently not for me. 
He always joked that we were a family of two rolling stones, moss-free and happy, but now I found myself being banished to Aptos while he rolled away without me. In my opinion, it was totally and utterly unfair.
“Marina, I’d bring you along if I could,” he had calmly explained, “but Afghanistan is far too dangerous right now and no place for a girl your age. I won’t get any work done if I’m constantly worried about you ... Besides,” he looked at me with pleading eyes, hopeful that I’d capitulate, “You should be in school with other kids. You need to be around people your own age.”
“Nonsense,” I protested, arguing my case to the bitter end. “You know I’m perfectly capable of looking out for myself. I prefer to attend on-line school, and Evie can look after me. Don’t you want me to have more time to work on my art?” I met his gaze levelly. That usually did it; Dad approved of my interest in painting.
“Aunt Abigail has enrolled you at Aptos High. I fly out this evening. Decision made.” When I saw the stubborn set to his jaw I knew the verdict was in. My fate was sealed, court was adjourned, and I had been sentenced to a year.
I glumly packed my bags and sulked over to Aunt Evie’s in search of a sympathetic ear. Our apartments share the top floor of our San Francisco high-rise, and her place has always served as my refuge and retreat. She’s not technically related to us, but Evie likes it when I call her Aunt, and I adore her. She’s the closest thing to a mom or grandmother that I’ve ever known. 
Aunt Evie lived right across the hallway from us for as long as I could remember, sharing her vast apartment with Pierre and Fifi, a pair of toy poodles. Some of the happiest hours of my childhood were whiled away poking around in her luxurious rooms.
When we’re not traveling for my father’s research, we live in San Francisco where he lectures at the university, but he only suffers it in order to support his fieldwork. Dad is happiest outdoors in the fresh air, up to his elbows in dirt, his mind completely engrossed in his experiments. Consequently, I’ve lived out of suitcases all over the world, and grown completely comfortable with a rootless nomadic existence. As long as we’re together, home is anywhere we happen to be. We even nicknamed our city apartment “base camp”.
And that would make Aunt Evie camp director, entertainment coordinator, and head counselor all rolled into one. Evie has always served as my touchstone, a constant reassuring reference point. Each time Dad and I returned from a stay abroad she’d be waiting with open arms, eager to shower me with love and attention. I knew I’d miss her in my year of exile, and a fresh wave of self-pity engulfed me when I stood before her door. Before I even knocked it swung open wide as if she could see straight through it. She regarded me astutely for a split second before she pounced.
“Marina! Darling!” she cried enthusiastically, embracing me and air-kissing each cheek, “You look absolutely lovely this morning! You must be so excited! You simply have to come to the city for a visit when I return from Cannes. I’ll want to hear everything about your new school.”
Aunt Evie was a celebrated fashion model in her younger years and remained a style icon, traveling the globe in a relentless pursuit of luxury and pleasure. Whip thin, tall and stylish, she was always dressed to kill, with her platinum blonde hair perfectly coiffed, her makeup and nails almost supernaturally impeccable. 
Evie possessed the devastating combination of wit and beauty that made people from all walks of life fawn shamelessly all over her. High society types gossiped endlessly about her wardrobe, jewels and furs, but when Evie focused her laser beam attention on you, it felt as if you were the most important person in the world.
“I wish I could go with you,” I said mournfully, watching her with one eye while I bent to greet the two little white poodles that danced in hysterical circles around my feet.
“Nice try.” She laughed knowingly. “You’ll forget all about me when you’re around people your own age.” 
I cast her a sour look. Even Evie had thrown me to the wolves, agreeing with my father’s theory that I would benefit from exposure to a bunch of small town teenagers.
“Not a chance,” I griped, mimicking her, “I absolutely dread being abandoned there.” 
“Now, now, let’s not be overly dramatic,” she said with an indulgent smile.
I rolled my eyes at her. “Talk about the pot calling the kettle black!” Aunt Evie had always been larger than life, attacking each day with theatrical flair. If you looked up “drama queen” in the dictionary you’d find a full-page picture of her.
“Sweetheart, high school will give you precisely the sort of real world experience you’ll need for your brilliant future. Just be sure to keep me up on all of your romantic intrigues.” Her ice blue eyes flashed with mischief.
I snorted, startling the tiny dogs. “It’s American high school, Aunt Evie, not one of your foreign films.”
She shook her head in disagreement, “A beautiful sixteen year old should not be holed up in an apartment all alone! You need to meet new people– make some friends! You have no idea what destiny has in store for you!” Her face softened into a dreamy smile. “You’ve been hidden away with your nose in a book for far too long,” she closed her eyes and sighed, “You should be going to dances and parties and having some fun! Those Aptos boys won’t even realize what hit them … you’re going to have such admirers!”
I sighed with frustration. Evie led the glamorous life of a jet setter, flitting from one social event to another, and couldn’t begin to imagine how anyone might prefer a quieter existence. Her lifestyle was the polar opposite of the one I lived with my father. 
Evie lived for designer clothes and fine dining, while dad and I were more comfortable eating street food in our worn blue jeans. Like us, she traveled extensively, but to resort areas with five star hotels, while we generally took spare quarters in remote impoverished villages. Going between my father and Evie, I felt like I already had plenty of real world experience.
She’d been widowed years ago and never remarried, and she kept busy, filling her days with philanthropy, travel and shopping, though not necessarily in that order. Her late husband Harold had indulged her every whim and bequeathed her a vast fortune upon his passing, making sure that his Evelyn would be provided for—even as she spent money with reckless abandon. 
And spend it she did! Aunt Evie delighted in exposing me to a rarefied world of wealth and privilege, and I get the distinct impression that she’s doing her level best to prepare me for an existence very similar to hers. She left the room abruptly, returning with several giant shopping bags and a sly smile.
“I’ve got a few new things!” she announced.
I knew what that meant. Evie’s singular obsession in life has always been fashion, and she’s made outfitting me in beautiful clothing one of her top priorities. I enjoy playing dress-up with all of the gorgeous things she showers upon me, but Evie is deadly serious about being in style. For her, shopping is a blood-sport, and she’s constantly on the prowl, mercilessly hunting down the perfect ensemble.
She handed me the bags. “Voila’!”
I managed to muster an, “Oh Evie, you shouldn’t have...”
“Indulge me!’” she exclaimed, and so I did. Diving into the bags to her obvious delight, I pulled out some of the most delicate, filmy and romantic sundresses imaginable.
“Ooh...” I sighed, flipping through the pile and reading the labels,  “Chloe … Dior … these are absolutely beautiful!” 
“Oh Marina,” she sighed as I held up a particularly lovely turquoise frock. “With your eyes and hair, you’ll be an absolute vision in that.” 
I didn’t argue. With her exquisite taste and expert eye, Evie never failed to choose clothes that flattered me. There was a loud rap on the door that sent the dogs into a barking frenzy.
“Dad must be ready,” I groaned. 
Evie insisted that we take a car out of her collection for our drive down to Aptos. Looking out the window on a sunny summer day, a real treat in San Francisco, she decided that it absolutely must be a convertible.
Evie flung open the door to receive my father while I busied myself packing away her latest shopping excesses. The little dogs lunged at him, snapping and snarling in a comic attempt at viciousness. They seemed to know he was there to take me from them.
“You can call off the hounds,” Dad said, looking down at them with an amused face. 
He greeted Evie with a brusque embrace and sighed with resignation when he saw all of the shopping bags I was gathering. My father is completely mystified by the sheer quantity of expensive clothing that Evie showers on me; he simply cannot comprehend the point in the artifice of fashion. Despite his disapproval, he never complains about it too much though, because Evie serves a purpose. I’m sure he’s relieved to abdicate the responsibility of dressing a daughter.
“Martin,” Evie turned to him fervently, “you must be careful out there in that Godforsaken place. You’ll be in our hearts until your safe return.” She took him by both hands and stared at him with her intense crystalline gaze. “I know you’ll do your very best for those poor people.”
“Thank you Evie,” he said solemnly.
She gathered herself with some effort. “I’ve had Boris bring the Phantom around and load Marina’s luggage. Now … scoot before you make me cry and ruin my face!”
“Goodbye Evie,” said Dad.
“Thank you for all the beautiful things.” I hugged her close, enveloped in a comforting cloud of her perfume. “I’ll call to let you know how everything fits. Maybe my aunt will drive me up for a visit sometime soon.”
Dad ushered me out the door and into the private elevator down to the underground garage. As soon as the door slid open a gleaming silver convertible pulled up and a giant of a man emerged from behind the wheel.
“Morning Boris,” said my father with a friendly nod.
Boris nodded a greeting in return and winked at me. He was an enormous, hugely tall and heavily muscled colossus. His broad shoulders, thick neck and bald head gave him a frightening appearance, but I knew that looks could be deceiving. Boris was a gentle giant, and the ever-present guardian of our building. Security was his specialty, and he was possessed of an eagle eye that continually scanned for unwelcome intruders.
“Vatch your back sir,” he said in his thick Russian accent as he held the door open for my dad. “Afghanistan is wery difficult place.”
“Thanks Boris, I will,” Dad replied with confidence. He heaved the shopping bags into the back seat before climbing in.
Boris opened the passenger door for me. “Cheers up kiddo,” he said, patting my head with a huge meaty hand. “Aptos is not so far avay.” 
I slid into the seat and gestured for him to come closer, reaching out to rub his head for good luck like I used to when I was little. His face split into a grin and his booming laugh echoed in my ears as we pulled away.
We cruised down a ribbon of road that wound along the California coast, sailing through the warm summer air. The wind whipped my ponytail around, lashing my cheeks with long brown strands as I looked out across the endless sea. The water sparkled with infinite shades of blue and green, it grew darker right at the horizon line and was sliced in two by the sun’s shimmering reflection. It would make a nice painting, I thought ... maybe I would start a new one tonight.
“I bet you’ll enjoy high school,” my father raised his voice over the wind, glancing over at me as he tried to gauge my mood.
I shrugged and gazed back out at the ocean. Any other day it would have been a pleasant journey, but I was feeling nervous and unsettled, totally incapable of working up any false enthusiasm.
“Your Aunt Abigail is really looking forward to having you,” he continued on louder, still trying to sell me on the move, and no doubt assuage his guilty conscience. “You and Cruz will get to spend your senior year together.”
We drove south, hugging the shoreline, soaking up the afternoon sun and expansive ocean views. I looked at the tiny flying lady ornament on the car’s hood, the land and sea whizzing past her outstretched arms and billowing gown. She looked happy and free—the exact opposite of how I felt. We came to a section of highway with a few vans and beat up old trucks lining the side of the road. Dad pulled over and parked.
“Marina, look at the surfers,” he said, leaning across me to get a better view of the water.
I looked down to see a smattering of tiny figures on the ocean, sitting upright on surfboards. Several of them suddenly materialized upright and skimmed across the waves, leaving plumes of white water behind them, flying like the lady sailing on the highway.
He slumped back in his seat with a sigh. “Honey, you know I’ll miss you, but you should spend some time at a real school. I’m afraid I’ve been selfish ... keeping you with me all these years. I just want to give you a chance to live a normal life for a while.”
“I like my life. I don’t want it to change,” I said.
“Change is not always a bad thing.” He smiled encouragingly. “This is your last chance to go to high school before you start college. You know, football games ... prom?”
“Not interested in the least,” I replied with a grimace.
“You never know until you try,” he said cheerily.
I sighed, and cast him an annoyed glance. I knew he worried about me. I’d always had a solitary nature, but my father perceived me as being isolated. 
I could happily go an entire day without speaking a word to anyone, and I spent all my time with adults. I truly considered Evie to be my best friend and didn’t see anything at all wrong with it. The situation bothered Dad, but I’d always been able to talk him out of sending me to boarding school. He’d often argued that I needed to spend time with younger people, but he could never win me over in a debate on the merits.
Reason failed to win me over so he went to work on my conscience. “Honey, I can make a big difference for some people that really need the help.”
Dad had an annoying way of putting things into perspective. Though his work didn’t always attract the same sort of attention that more glamorous scientific research did, I knew how vitally important it was. An expert in the field of agronomy, my father had pioneered many new agricultural techniques, helping farmers improve their crops and increase production. It sounded like a small thing, really, but countless lives had been saved from poverty and starvation as a direct result of his research.  
And now he was heading to a remote and primitive country, risking his life in yet another sincere effort to help even more people. A flood of shame and guilt washed over me.
“I’ll be fine,” I said, managing a convincing smile. “I’ll just miss you.”
We sat there for a few minutes, watching the surfers ride the waves. I noticed a small group of girls gathered by the parked cars, and I studied them. Boldly wearing miniscule bikinis and flipping their sun-streaked hair in the warm breeze, they laughed as though they hadn’t a care in the world. They were all so tanned and healthy I felt like I was looking at a summery perfume ad from one of Evie’s fashion magazines.
When their faces all turned to us I realized that Evie’s shining silver Rolls Royce was attracting attention. They elbowed each other and pointed as I slumped down in my seat, hiding behind my sunglasses. Evie loved causing a stir with all of her fine things, but their open stares made me uncomfortable.
“Let’s go now, dad,” I said.
We followed the coastal highway until we reached the Aptos exit. As we neared the shoreline I caught a whiff of spicy Eucalyptus leaves mingled with briny sea air. The scent was at once exotic and familiar, and I felt a small ache of fresh sorrow mingled with nostalgia.
“Here we are,” announced Dad, “Boy, has this town grown.” 
We slowly cruised through a quaint seaside village with a smattering of charming little shops. The main street led to a long sandy beach with a fishing pier connecting to an old wrecked ship that sat on the ocean floor. There was a gas station, burger joint, and a little convenience store that sold ice and flip-flops to tourists.
I vaguely remembered the place, but because of our traveling we hadn’t made the drive down in years. Dad seemed to want to avoid the area, saying he wasn’t a person who liked the seaside. As a result, I’d spent most of my life on rustic landlocked farms or in cosmopolitan San Francisco, and hadn’t seen my aunt and cousin since they’d been up to the city for a brief visit several years earlier.
We turned down a narrow lane that led to a row of small houses on a bluff overlooking the beach. My aunt had lived here for as far back as I could remember, and transformed a ramshackle vacation cottage into a cozy home surrounded by a lush garden. Over time, all the little bungalows that used to sit empty in winter had been snapped up and remodeled. To her surprise, Aunt Abigail found that she lived in a very desirable area. All around the neighborhood apartment buildings and condos vied for the ocean views, but her little street stood out like an oasis of charm and tranquility amongst them. I started to relax, thinking that maybe living here wouldn’t be so bad after all.
We pulled up to my aunt’s house and parked behind an ancient yellow Volvo. She was waiting out front, perched on a small bench on her porch. The front of the house was festooned with wind chimes, hanging planters, and hummingbird feeders. She was waving and smiling brightly. I felt a peaceful wave of calm pass over me.
“Martin! Marina! Welcome!” she cried, and reached out to embrace us one after the other. She was tall and tanned, with a slim build like my father, and her long blonde hair gleamed in the bright sunshine. She moved with a graceful flowing gait due to her years as a yoga instructor. She had the wrinkles around her friendly blue eyes of someone who smiled a lot, and spent a considerable amount of time outdoors. She was beautiful.
“Thank you for letting me stay with you Aunt Abigail,” I said.
“Oh Marina, it’s my pleasure—just look at how grown up you are! It’s been much too long since you were last here! My Goodness ... you’re so much like–” She paused and flashed a glance at Dad before she made a sour face, adding, “He’s the only one that calls me Abigail. Please always call me Abby.”
I looked up to see my cousin Cruz standing awkwardly in the doorway. He had grown at least a foot since I’d last seen him. His hair was styled in a shaggy fringe that swept over his eyes, which were rimmed with smudged black eyeliner. He had an assortment of silver metal piercings in his ears and eyebrows and was dressed in interesting clothes, all varying shades of black. In contrast to his mother, he had the pallor of someone who rarely saw the sun, let alone went outside.
When our eyes met I could see despite his new look he was still the same sweet, shy Cruz I remembered. His outfit didn’t surprise me at all, as there were much more extreme Goths in San Francisco. I rushed over to give him a big hug.
“M-Marina,” he stammered, “You grew up!” We both started laughing and any tension in the atmosphere dissolved immediately.
“Martin, I hope you’ll stay for dinner,” Abby chimed in, beaming with happiness.
My father explained that he had to leave right away in order to make his flight, but promised to take us all out to the best restaurant in town when he got back. So, with a flurry of apologies and multiple trips unloading suitcases and boxes, we gathered in front of the house to say our final goodbyes. 
Dad clamped me in a tight embrace and I fought to hold back tears as I hugged him back. He stepped over to Abby and pressed an envelope into her hands.
“That’s not necess–” Abby protested.
“I insist,” Dad said firmly. He gave me a final hug and a kiss on both cheeks. We stood and watched as he backed the Rolls out and drove away.
There was a sudden chill in the air and I looked up to see a massive wall of fog creeping towards the sunny little house. It looked like a fluffy block of gray cotton about four stories tall, advancing in little wisps and puffs that swirled all around us like smoke.
“I hope you don’t mind fog,” sighed Abby. “Aptos is one of the foggiest spots on the coast.”
“I think you’re forgetting where I just came from,” I teased her with a sideways glance.
Now the dense gray cloud fully encased us and the temperature dipped noticeably. The air was heavy with moisture and smelled of saltwater and seaweed.
“Brrr! Let’s go in and get you settled,” Abby said, rubbing her hands up and down her bare arms.
I was shown to a tiny room with a window that looked out onto a jewel-box of a garden. The walls were painted a soothing aqua, a color that Evie favored me in, and I decided to take it as a good omen. A single bed with a white down comforter dominated the room, and a small desk paired with a bright blue wooden chair anchored the corner. A fat orange tabby cat slept curled in a ball in the center of the bed, making a crater in the puffy blanket. 
There was no closet, but a metal clothes rack on wheels stood against one wall. A full-length mirror was mounted opposite the window, and it reflected the lush plantings outside. My pile of suitcases made the room look even smaller than it already was.
“Charlie!” Abby screeched when she noticed the cat. “I’m sorry Marina, I’ve been trying to keep him out of here, but he seems to think we fixed up the room just for him.” Charlie looked up nonchalantly and croaked out a rusty meow.
“I love cats!” I exclaimed. 
Because of our traveling I had never been allowed a pet of my own. Evie said that her dogs might as well be mine since I was the only other person they liked, but I was pretty sure it wasn’t the same thing. 
“He’s welcome to sleep in here anytime he wants,” I said, scratching Charlie under his chin. He purred like a jet engine and started to drool a little bit.
“I hope you’ll be comfortable here,” Abby said with an anxious look, “I know you’re probably used to a little more space.”
“It’s perfect,” I said, and I really meant it. The bedroom was small, but it had a cozy feeling. It was odd, but I had the strangest sensation the room already knew me.
“OK, there are clean towels in the hall closet and I’ll have dinner ready in about half an hour.” Abby beamed with happiness before she turned to go. “I’ll leave you to get settled in.” She paused in the doorway, her eyes shimmering with emotion. “It’s really good to have you back.” She closed the door softly.
I began to unpack, feeling more at ease as I settled in. I put my laptop on the desk and plugged it in. Unpacking a box of books and magazines, I made a stack I could reach from my bed. I assembled a portable easel and arranged it in the corner with my art supplies under it, satisfied it would be a good spot to work. Drawing, painting and reading have always been my favorite pursuits—solitary, portable, and perfectly suited to an independent nature and a traveler’s lifestyle.
I used my suitcases as drawers, and since Evie had insisted that I take her vintage Louis Vuitton set they actually looked quite handsome arranged under the metal rack. I stashed my sandals, flats, and an army of boots and pumps under the bed. My shoes alone took up half the room. I hung up all the dresses and jackets I could fit on the rack and left the rest folded in the cases. Charlie the cat yawned and reached out a lazy paw to bat at a stack of purses.
There was a soft knock on the door.
“Um, it’s like, dinnertime Marina.” Cruz’s voice was much deeper than I remembered.
“I’ll be right out,” I called, and hastily threw a cardigan over the summery tank I had slipped on in the morning. San Francisco seemed like a million miles away.
“I hope you’re okay with vegetarian.” Abby smiled hopefully as she pulled out a chair. Even with the fog outside, the yellow kitchen was bright and cheery. The tidy blue tile counter hosted several baskets filled with fresh fruit and summer squash. There was a colorful bouquet of flowers on the table.
“Mom’s gone all vegan on me,” complained Cruz with a roll of his warm brown eyes. “We even had to have tofu turkey last Thanksgiving.”
“It’s not all that bad!” Abby protested. She turned towards me. “Vegan food is good for your health, and Cruz likes the soy milk...”
“Mom, I practically live on cereal,” Cruz groaned sarcastically.
“It’s no problem at all,” I said, taking my seat at the table. “Last Thanksgiving we were in southern India and I didn’t eat a bite of meat for five whole months. I didn’t miss it at all.”
Abby smiled with satisfaction and began to fill our plates with slices of pale fried tofu and bland brown rice with lentils mixed in. It didn’t look at all like the highly seasoned and fragrant dishes that our housekeeper in Kerala had prepared for us. I looked up and into Cruz’s expressive eyes. He smirked at me.
“Dig in guys,” chirped Abby.
I began to see what Cruz was complaining about as I picked at the tasteless mush. I had nothing against tofu—far from it. Dad and I subsisted almost entirely on take-out in the city and ate foods from all over the world. I loved the pillows of silky tofu in Japanese miso soup, and the spicy fried tofu from our favorite Chinese place. 
Abby’s tofu was the kind of tofu that gave tofu a bad name. 
She passed me a bowl filled with beautiful fresh greens and I heaped my plate with them. Abby beamed approvingly. “I see you’re a salad eater. You’re gonna love the weekly farmers market. I’ll take you this Sunday.” She lit up as she described how small farmers from the area set up stands with all kinds of organic foods and produce. I began to have some hope that I might not starve.
After we ate, Cruz and I cleared the table and Abby started to wash the dishes.
“Let me do that,” I said, remembering my dad’s admonishments to help around the house.
“Not tonight honey,” said Abby, “Cruz is going to take you for a walk and show you what’s new in town.”
Cruz and I ventured out onto the foggy street. It was a mid-August evening and still light out, but the gray mist made it seem darker and later than it really was.
“Can we go to the secret stairs?” I asked, suddenly remembering. When we were children the stairs leading down to the beach had always seemed like a magical spot. Every weekend the tourists drove in, parked in a lot up on the bluff and schlepped their coolers and umbrellas down a cement path to the beach. 
From our little neighborhood there was an older, better way down.
As we walked, Cruz told me all about the high school and how miserable he was there. He described the cliques of surfers and stoners, rich kids and football players. Sensitive and artistic, Cruz felt like a misfit, and complained that he didn’t belong there. I could relate. He told me about his best friend Megan, and how they liked to hang out at the local coffee shop or surf the internet for new music.
“I have to admit, I’m kind of nervous about going to school,” I confessed. “I’ve always been sort of a loner.”
“Don’t worry,” Cruz assured me, “I’ll be there to hang out with and show you around. Our school’s so lame there’s really not much to see.” 
I told Cruz that I’d never attended a “real” school and didn’t think now was a good time to start. He commiserated with me when I complained that I’d never really meshed with kids my own age.
“Nobody I know really gets me,” he said grimly.
“Well, I don’t even know anybody ... so there,” I retorted, making him smile.
As we talked I learned more about Cruz. Like me, he spent much of his time drawing. He told me he designed clothes, and liked to sew. He was overjoyed that I could discuss the nuances of fashion with him in detail.
“I didn’t know you were into clothes!” he exclaimed.
“I didn’t know you were either,” I said.
We forged an easy camaraderie, and discovered that we truly had a lot in common. I found our similarities comforting, evidence of a connection I didn’t realize I was missing. Both of us had been brought up in a family of two, and we’d each lost a parent when we were only infants—a big part of ourselves that we had no memory of. 
Cruz’s father was killed in an auto accident before he was born, and my mother died just after delivering me. Her name was Adria, and that’s about all I knew about her. She was gone, her ashes scattered at sea, all traces of her erased from existence. I didn’t have so much as a picture, and when I pressed my father he finally admitted that we looked very much alike. He never spoke of her, and whenever I questioned him he dodged the subject, bribing me with a treat or a trip somewhere special. 
He grew melancholy if I pressed the point, and the pain evident on his face and in his voice made me uneasy. It’s always been a little scary for me to see my father unhappy, so I simply gave up asking.
Whenever I started to dwell on thoughts of my mother I swear I could hear Evie’s eternally upbeat voice in my mind, urging me to put the past away and focus on the future with all of its unlimited possibilities. She’d say, “Yesterday is history, but tomorrow is a mystery!” her ice blue eyes flashing with spirit. I missed her already.
“I noticed you have a ton of cool clothes,” Cruz said, bringing me back to reality.
“My Aunt Evie is a fashionista,” I explained, “She likes to shop for me.”
“You’re so lucky!” he moaned, “I wish I lived in the city.”
Cruz told me that he hoped to be a fashion designer someday. He was working part time at a local silkscreen shop printing souvenir shirts, saving his money and dreaming of attending design school in San Francisco. We chatted about our favorite labels and I told him what shopping with Evie was like.
“She has a sixth sense about what’s trending or when new inventory arrives.” I smiled, imagining her pouncing on the hottest new designer. “Sometimes she’ll call ahead and have a personal shopper pull racks from the latest shipments in our sizes.”
“Wow,” Cruz said solemnly. “Must be nice.”
“It’s much nicer in the private dressing rooms,” I agreed, “Otherwise the salespeople all descend upon us like a swarm of locusts.”
“I like the way you talk,” Cruz pointed out, “like you’re older, and not from around here. I can’t wait to get out of this town. There’s nothing to do around here but surf,” he complained.
I walked right past the entry to the stairway.
“Marina!” Cruz was standing next to a huge climbing rose with his arms crossed.
He held back the overgrown vines while I ducked under the arbor. There was a narrow uneven brick path that wound through dense foliage, shaded with pine trees and slippery with fallen needles. We descended a flight of steep wooden stairs that led to a small landing with a bench. From this perch in the trees we could look down to the beach. We picked our way down the remaining stairs, clinging to the rickety handrail until we made it onto the sand.
To our right was a vast expanse of shoreline that ended in a rocky point jutting out into the sea. On our left was the famous cement ship, an old war relic that had been scuttled and was now pressed into service as a spot to enjoy the panoramic bay views. The ship was an oddity, made out of concrete during a wartime steel shortage many years ago. 
The wooden pier that led out to the ship was peppered with people fishing the incoming tide, and the air was filled with the brackish smell of saltwater and seaweed. To the left of the pier was more beach, and Cruz pointed out the prime surfing territory that was usually crowded with local surfers. We walked along the path that led up the hill into town.
Most of the businesses in Aptos existed to cater to the weekend and summer tourist trade. There were little gift shops and restaurants lining the street, and almost every storefront had souvenir tee shirts hanging in the windows. We stopped to look inside a few places, and Cruz pointed out the restaurants he liked.
“Eat out a lot?” I teased him.
“Every chance I get,” he answered, tongue in cheek.
We ambled on, and he told me more about his job as we rounded a corner. On the sidewalk ahead of us a group of teens were hanging out in a cloud of clove scented cigarette smoke. They had staked out a pair of benches, and were lounging insolently, blocking the walkway with an air of defiance.
“Let’s get moving,” Cruz muttered under his breath, his body tense. “Just don’t look at them.” 
They had taken notice of us and were openly staring and talking excitedly as we neared. I heard the muttered words, “Rolls Royce” and knew that at least one of the surfer girls I’d seen today was in their number. I looked up directly into faces both curious and guarded. The boys were posing with their chests thrust out, trying to seem tough. The girls looked openly hostile. I followed Cruz’s lead and started to walk faster, giving the group a wide berth.
“Hey Cruzie boy,” a girl’s voice called called out as we passed by, “Who’s the new hag?”
I spun around, uncharacteristically confrontational. Startled, most of them looked away or down. One tall blonde met my gaze with hard eyes and a defiant jut of her chin.
“Let’s just go Marina,” pleaded Cruz.
I held my tongue and turned away. We continued down the street in silence until we were on our own little lane.
“Sorry about that.” Cruz’s shoulders slumped in defeat. “Those guys are total jerks.”
“Were they the stoners or the surfers?” I asked.
“Those were the stoned surfers,” Cruz replied. We burst into laughter and joked about them the rest of the way home.
~
I fell into bed that night, drained from the events of the day. I could hear the surf pounding away on the beach like a distant war being waged between the land and the sea, and I had the strangest feeling that my life would never be the same. My father and I were no longer a pair of intrepid adventurers, charging out to save the world side by side. 
Destiny had taken us on separate paths, and it was both frightening and liberating at the same time.

~

CHAPTER TWO
EYES
~

I opened my eyes and for a moment I didn’t know where I was. I had the sensation of floating in a warm sea, buoyant and weightless. A scratching sound brought me fully awake and I looked up to see Charlie sitting by the door, staring at me with golden eyes.
“You want out buddy?” I swung my feet onto the cool bare floor. Charlie had demanded to be let in late at night and refused to leave, turning in circles on the bed until he finally settled down. I’d fallen into a deep, dreamless sleep, listening as his rumbling purr nearly drowned out the sound of the surf. 
I cracked the door open and smiled, watching the orange fur-ball slither out.
I felt rested, and a little shiver of happiness ran down my spine for no particular reason. I quickly dressed for the cool gray day I saw dawning outside and made for the kitchen. A note left on the table explained that Abby had left early to drive Cruz to work and run a few errands. There was a set of house keys and instructions to make myself at home. I opened the pantry doors and found a shelf stocked full of assorted breakfast cereals, chuckling to myself when I remembered poor Cruz and his dietary woes.
The kitchen opened up to a small living room with a picture window facing out onto a riot of flowers in the front garden. There was a comfortable looking denim couch and a small television set perched on a stack of old leather suitcases. A couple of rolled up yoga mats were stashed in the corner, along with several brightly colored beanbag chairs. A rag rug scattered with cat toys softened the hardwood floor. 
Best of all, an entire wall was devoted to a brick and board bookshelf that sagged with the weight of hundreds of books. The room had the kind of homey, lived-in feeling that the San Francisco apartment lacked.
I took my new keys, packed a tote bag with some art supplies and set out for a walk on the beach. This time I found the stairway easily and descended, heading for the empty stretch of sand below.
“Oh dear! Oh dear! Oh no!”
I looked around for the source of the distressed voice. A very small, extremely old woman seemed to be having a panic attack at the bottom of the stairs. She was pacing back and forth at the base of the bluff, looking up into some large clumps of pampas grass that clung precariously to the cliff-side.
“Are you alright?” I asked as I neared the sand. “Can I help?”
She looked up at me with panicked eyes. “I can’t find my Freddy...”
“Freddy?” I asked, thinking she must have lost a dog, “What does he look like?”
“Oh dear...” she drifted off, confused. 
She was dressed in an odd assortment of clothes that looked like they might have been selected randomly in the dark. Yellow rubber rain boots were topped off with a tiered checkered skirt and a thick knobby sweater. She wore an odd crocheted hat that had panels of what looked like aluminum cans knitted into it. I would have taken her for a homeless person if she were anywhere near a shopping cart.
A little tabby cat poked his head out from under the landing midway up the stairs.
“Is that him?” I asked, pointing up at the cat. Her wide relieved smile told me it was.
“Oh, thank you sweetie,” she said as she extended her hand. “My eyesight isn’t what it used to be.” When I shook her hand she leaned closer to peer at me. “I’m Stella... I take care of the little wild ones.”
“I’m Marina,” I replied, and looked up to see Freddy slink out and pick his way towards us tentatively. His ears were tattered and his ratty tail was bent at an unnatural angle. Movement in the grass caught my eye and I spotted a couple more small thin cats watching us intently as they inched closer.
Stella pulled out a bag of cat food and poured out several piles onto the grass, motioning for me to back up with her. The fearful little cats edged over to the food, keeping their eyes on us and gulping it down as fast as they could.
The old woman looked up at me again. “I know you ... Where have you been?”
“I’m afraid you’re mistaken,” I said gently, “I just moved here yesterday.”
Stella’s eyes clouded over as slipped away into a distant memory, “We used to dance on the ship ... the music—oh, the music was so wonderful,” she looked out towards the decrepit cement boat.
“On that ship?” I asked skeptically.
“Oh, yesiree my dear!” she said emphatically.
The fog behind her eyes seemed to lift as she described how the S.S. Palo Alto was towed to Aptos to become an amusement destination during prohibition. It had a dance pavilion where big bands used to play, and the pier leading up to it once housed restaurants and arcade games. There was even a heated swimming pool on one of the lower decks. Looking at the battered carcass of the old tanker it was hard to imagine, but I couldn’t doubt her as she spoke nostalgically of the glorious times she had enjoyed onboard.
“It only lasted a couple of years before they went bust. Us young girls used to sneak in ... We’d dance and dance with all the swells that came down from the city.” She heaved a sigh. “It was the cat’s pajamas.”
Remembering the scruffy little cats, I turned to see that they’d melted back into the brush.
“It was nice meeting you Stella,” I said, shaking her hand again before walking towards the beach.
“Goodbye Dollface,” she called after me. “Don’t be a stranger.”
I slipped off my shoes, savoring the feeling of cool sand between my toes as I picked my way through a jumble of driftwood down to the water line. The tide seemed to be going out and I dodged the surf, darting in and out to pick up blue and green beach glass. I liked the quiet and solitude of the early morning beach. The dense coastal fog blurred everything at a distance, and I had the sensation I was walking along in a bubble created by my own little field of vision.
Climbing up the stairs onto the pier, I walked along the wooden planks, looking down into the turbulent ocean a good twenty feet below. Dark murky waters under the wharf churned like witches brew in a cauldron, opaque and sinister looking. As I got further down the pier, a small figure looming along the railing came into focus. I drew closer to see an ancient looking man fishing off the side.
We both nodded hello and I peeked over into the plastic bucket at his side. I was surprised that it was full of fish, and I glanced up to see the old man smiling at me.
I returned his smile. “Good fishing today,” I commented.
“Ah,” he said, smiling wider, “You have water in your eyes.”
“Uh, thanks,” I said, not sure if his observation was meant to be a compliment.
My eyes are probably my best feature, colored somewhere between blue, green and gray depending on the light. At least that’s what strangers always compliment me on, and that’s what Dad calls “empirical evidence”.
I wished the fisherman continued luck and advanced further down the pier, glancing back to see the fog swallow up the funny little man.
Arriving at the cement ship, I ventured down a small set of stairs leading to the deserted deck. The top of the ship had been coated with a layer of asphalt to level the walkways, and there were several holes covered with metal grates. Looking down through the bars into the guts of the ship you could see black water swirling around jagged openings with surf pouring in and out.
I continued on until I was stopped by a chain-link fence that blocked off the very front of the ship. A sign explained that a violent storm had wrenched it apart several years earlier. I peered down through the wire and saw twisted metal bars sticking out of jumbled concrete blocks. Waves washed over the broken hull, splashing foamy brine onto the barnacles and mussels that clung to every available surface. Beyond the wreckage the intact prow of the ship sat at a crooked angle.
What initially looked like wet black asphalt caught my eye. It was moving, writhing like fish caught in a net. Closer inspection revealed a family of sea lions hauled up onto a flat slab of cement. A new member joined them, awkwardly flinging itself out of the water and competing for a foothold while the rest barked discontentedly and wriggled aside. I couldn’t help but laugh out loud. I sat down on a bench that faced out towards the wreck and pulled open my bag. Fishing out my sketchpad, I balanced it on my lap and surveyed the scene.
Several of the sea lions craned their necks to study me. Concluding that I was no threat, they went back to their naps, occasionally jockeying for position amid flurries of grunts and barks. I started to draw the little group.
As I sketched my scalp prickled with the eerie sensation of being watched. I turned to look, but no one else had joined me on the ship’s deck. Shrugging it off, I gripped my pencil and went back to drawing. With a start I glanced down into a woman’s face intently peering up at me from behind the jagged ruins. I gasped in shock as our eyes locked.
She had large wide set eyes and full lips that were as pale and ghostly white as her face. I had the strangest sensation of looking into a frosted mirror. Her eyes narrowed and she cocked her head to one side as if to study me. I sprang to my feet and with a splash she was gone. I ran from one side of the ship to the other but could see no swimmer in the water. Confused, I gathered up my things. After one final search of the water I headed back towards the pier.
As I made my way down the weathered boards my mind was racing. What was that girl doing in the water? Where did she disappear to? And strangest of all, why did she look so familiar? I passed the lone fisherman, and when our eyes met he smiled knowingly at me. Taken aback, I hurried down to the beach, scanning the horizon for any sign of a swimmer or boat.
When I reached the top of the secret stairs the fog was swirling around, dissipating into a thin veil of silvery mist. The sun finally broke through, and the brightest blue hue took over the sky. Now the thought of the strange girl at the ship seemed much less disturbing. Maybe she was scuba diving. Could I have imagined those eyes?
By the time I got home I’d convinced myself that it was nothing at all. I let myself in and went to the kitchen to splash some cold water on my face and neck. When I looked up from the sink my reflection in the window was the face in the water.
I snatched a piece of fruit from the counter and wandered to my bedroom, picking a promising book from one of Abby’s shelves along the way. I kicked off my shoes and curled up on the bed to read but I had a hard time focusing. A glance over at the shopping bags reminded me to call Evie.
“Marina!” she cried, picking up on the first ring. “I was just thinking of you! I’ve been to see Madame Fatima and she’s had a vision. You are going to have an extraordinary adventure this year—you must be prepared!”
“Exactly what kind of adventure?” I asked skeptically. I had no doubt that Evie had let it slip to Fatima that I would be going away for the school year.
“You know the spirits cannot be specific,” sniffed Evie.
“Then how can I possibly prepare?” I asked teasingly.
“This is serious Marina—I absolutely believe her. Madame Fatima is the real deal.”
For as long as I could remember Evie had been indulging her weakness for psychics and spiritualists. Madame Fatima was the latest in a long line of what I considered to be charlatans. They came sniffing around wealthy widows, offering them a chance to communicate with the departed. I humored Evie, knowing that her late husband’s financial advisers worked hard to keep the bulk of her fortune safe.
Evie went on to explain that at her last reading Fatima had been seized by a vision concerning me. I was to embark on a great romance and adventure in the coming weeks. Something that would mark me for life. It was just the sort of nebulous prediction I had come to expect from one of Evie’s gurus. I could stub my toe in the cafeteria and she could pronounce it realized.
“When are you going to get your driver’s license?” Evie asked, changing the subject. My father had been engrossed in preparations for his latest research, and he’d put off teaching me to drive.
“I don’t know,” I said glumly, “I’m kind of stranded here.”
“Enough with the pity party,” Evie said briskly, “Just don’t forget our plans. We have many road trips ahead of us.” 
Evie didn’t drive, and we had hatched some elaborate plans for the getaways the two of us would take when I could be her chauffeur. Her late husband’s collection of luxury cars stored away in our building’s underground garage beckoned, and I’d always felt badly about all the times we made poor Boris wait around for us while we shopped and explored the city. 
Cruz already had his license and offered to take me out to practice. As soon as I passed my driver’s test Evie promised me the use of one of her cars. When I could drive I’d be able to come and go as I pleased. I couldn’t wait.
“I’ll get it as soon as I can,” I promised.
I told Evie about Aptos, and thanked her for all the beautiful outfits she’d sent me away with. The bags had been crammed with sundresses, swimsuits and sunglasses. There were multiple boxes of elegant strappy sandals in various colors. Apparently Evie thought living by the beach called for an enormous amount of resort wear. She had gone completely overboard as usual.
“When do you start school?” she asked.
“I have a couple of weeks,” I replied.
“You know, I met my very first love in high school,” she reminisced, “His name was Bill Masters and he took me out to the Stork Club, which was simply the swankiest spot in all of New York! Oh my! You should have seen all the ladies in their fancy dresses! I even saw Jackie Kennedy there.”
She launched into an elaborate description of the clothes, food and nightlife of the era. Evie was an expert on everything you could possibly imagine, and she clearly considered it her life’s work to impart all of her knowledge to me.
“I wonder whatever happened to Billy...” her voice trailed off. “That very night I was spotted by a talent scout from the William Morris agency who got me started in the modeling business. I was exactly the age you are now.”
“Too bad I won’t be attending high school in New York City,” I said dryly.
“Fatima tells me that you’re exactly where you need to be. An incredible stroke of luck, but then, you’ve always been lucky.”
I sighed. “That’s convenient.”
“Take my advice,” Evie said knowingly, “Use this time in high school to gain some experience handling boys—when you’re older, men of fortune will be no match for you.”
“Why Aunt Evie!” I said in mock horror, “How ruthless! Are you suggesting I marry for money?” I knew that was precisely what she had in mind.
“You are accustomed to the finer things...” she said teasingly.
“Which I could just as soon do without,” I added defiantly.
“We’ll see,” she crowed, “We’ll see.”
We said our goodbyes and I settled back down to read. I had plenty of time to myself before school started and lots of light reading to keep me occupied. It was my idea of perfect happiness. I was just getting into a new mystery novel when something moved in the mirror on the wall, catching my eye. I looked up to see the reflection of a man in the backyard. I bolted upright and crept over to the side of the window where I peeked out, taking care not to be seen.
He was younger than I had first thought, probably around my age. He was tanned, with sandy blonde hair that was streaked by the sun in a way no salon could replicate. I watched, fascinated, as he used a clipper on the flowering jasmine vines that were trained on a small gazebo in the corner of the backyard. His profile reminded me of the marble carvings of Greek gods I had seen at the art museum in the city. 
He was the handsomest boy I had ever laid eyes on. 
When he turned toward me I ducked down below the windowsill, and my face flushed bright red at the thought of getting caught peeping. I couldn’t resist another look at him, so I stealthily edged back up, disappointed to find him gone. I startled when he appeared abruptly from the opposite side of the yard with a wheelbarrow, pushing it over to the jasmine clippings where he bent to gather them.
I watched as he stretched his arms over his head and reached down to peel off his shirt, leaving him in worn faded jeans and work boots. He mopped his brow with the shirt and draped it over a chair under the gazebo. His body was as tanned as his strong arms, and he had the broad shoulders of a swimmer. His muscular torso was more than the equal of the male underwear models in my fashion magazines—only this fellow didn’t need any airbrushing.
Suddenly flustered, I backed away from the window and took a seat at my little desk where I couldn’t be seen. I leafed through a magazine from the stack, but found myself reading the same sentence over and over again. Frustrated with myself for feeling so jittery, I finally couldn’t sit still anymore. I got up to see that both the young man and wheelbarrow were gone.
Thirsty, I padded out to the kitchen and poured myself a glass of water. From the window over the sink I could see an old blue pickup truck out front with the wheelbarrow loaded into the cargo bed. There was a knock on the door that made me jump, and I peeked around the corner to see his shape through a stained glass panel alongside the front door. My first impulse was to run and hide.
“Don’t be silly,” I told myself as I headed over to answer it, “I live here now and I can look out my window anytime I want.” I smoothed my shirt, hardened my face and opened the door.
Our eyes met and his flew wide open with surprise. The thought flashed in my mind that maybe I looked too stern. He took a step back, missed the porch, and staggered backwards into a rosemary hedge, tripping and landing on his butt. I didn’t laugh because it wasn’t funny. The look of shock in his dark blue eyes unnerved me, and I froze in place, not knowing what to say. He stood up but kept his distance.
“I—uhm, ah—is Abby here?” he sputtered out.
“No, she took Cruz to work,” I said softly. I felt bad about startling him so badly, but couldn’t imagine what I’d done wrong.
He nodded curtly. “I guess I’ll catch her later then.” His voice was deep and husky, and it appealed to me in a way that I couldn’t quite name. He walked to his truck and got in, watching me the whole way. The smell of crushed rosemary hung in the air. I closed the front door and pressed my forehead on it.
“What a bizarre day,” I said out loud. 

Now I had two pairs of eyes I couldn’t get out of my head.

~

CHAPTER THREE
MARKET

~

I swam underwater in a warm blue sea, gliding along a rocky seafloor. Colorful schools of fish scattered before me and dolphins swimming by my side struggled to keep up the pace. Picking up speed, I soared gracefully into the entrance of a sea cave, only to be engulfed by darkness and trapped in a small space. There was a sudden oppressive weight on my chest; I struggled to catch my breath as fear rose in my heart ...
~
I woke to find the quilt pulled up over my head. Pushing it back, I came face to face with Charlie, sitting squarely on my chest with his eyes closed and paws curled up under his body. I took a few deep breaths to steady my racing heart. For as long as I could remember I’d been a bit claustrophobic, fighting the impulse to panic in any close confined place—but an underwater cave? That was a first, I thought with a shudder.
I slipped out from under the cat, eliciting a squawk of protest. He rose, stretched, turned about and settled back down with a huff, making me smile. Charlie had become a fixture on my bed, and was pretty good company when he wasn’t attacking my toes under the blankets. 
Over the past few days I’d gotten used to the rhythms of my new home and was a little surprised at how comfortable I was feeling. Like me, Cruz generally kept to himself, spending a good deal of time holed up in his room, and I found the solitude suited me.
The cool misty mornings also agreed with me, and I spent my days reading, drawing and beachcombing. I started to have nightly dreams about swimming, which was odd considering that I could barely stay afloat. My father had tried taking me for lessons when I was small but I so despised the smell of chlorine that I whined and begged not to go until he let me quit.
Dad didn’t seem to mind too much, but constantly nagged me to be careful around water, and never took me to visit the beach. I chalked up my strange new dreams to the rumbling sounds coming from the crashing surf I heard every night as I drifted off to sleep.
I pushed open the curtains to reveal the sun shining on Abby’s beautiful garden, pleased to see that it was shaping up to be a warm and sunny day. I couldn’t get the image of the handsome landscaper out of my mind, and every time I looked out my window I remembered him standing there … shirtless. When I mentioned seeing him to Abby she explained that she’d hired a nice young man to plant and maintain her garden.
“He has excellent garden karma,” Abby had explained, saying that she got really “good vibes” from him. Apparently my vibes didn’t strike him nearly as favorably, I thought, with a flush of embarrassment and a twinge of regret.
Abby was eager to show me her favorite place to shop, and we had plans to visit the farmer’s market that day. Taking the morning’s beautiful weather into account, I flipped through my rack of clothes to look for something summery to wear. 
I slipped into one of my new sundresses and turned to look in the mirror. The pale teal bodice fit perfectly, with narrow straps that crisscrossed across the bare back, and a sash that tied at the waist. The skirt was made up of many sheer layers of transparent fabric in varying shades of aqua that rippled like water when I moved. I chose a pretty pair of silver sandals to go with it.
I had to hand it to Evie, she sure knew how to pick gorgeous things. She liked to see me in cool colors, pronouncing that they complimented my auburn hair and pale skin. I simply wore whatever she brought me and she’d never steered me wrong. I smoothed my hair and slicked a little gloss on my lips, twirling around to admire the pretty skirt again. It put me in a good mood.
“Good morning sunshine!” Abby called out cheerfully when I strolled into the kitchen. She was always saying goofy things like that, and yet somehow she managed to avoid being annoying. She smiled brightly. “You look as pretty as a picture this morning.”
“Thanks Abby,” I replied as I poured myself a cup of coffee, “You look beautiful as always.”
She pursed her lips and chuckled. “Maybe after I jump in the shower. Eat some breakfast and I’ll be ready to go in about twenty minutes.” She hurried down the hallway.
I took my cup and wandered out to the garden. He really did have a way with plants, I thought, sipping my coffee. Lush banks of herbs and flowers spilled out over a flagstone path that wound its way to a small patio where Abby liked to practice her yoga. I’d joined in on her morning sun salutations a few times and noticed I was already feeling a bit more flexible. I stretched out my spine, inhaling the fresh sea air perfumed with the delicate scent of the jasmine that climbed up the latticework.
I took a seat under the gazebo, noticing the landscaper’s shirt draped over the chair where he’d left it, and reached over for it on an impulse. It was plain white cotton with some dirt and plant stains on it and I had a sudden urge to press it to my face. It smelled good, like saltwater and soil, with faint musky undertones. I tossed it back on the chair like it was on fire. I looked around sheepishly to see if anyone had seen me, but I was alone.
“You are really losing it,” I muttered under my breath. I chugged my now lukewarm coffee and headed back into the house.
Abby returned, wearing in a tie dyed top over a long ruffled gypsy skirt. Her still damp hair was tied back with a silk scarf. She looked radiant.
“Let’s check with Cruz one more time,” she said.
We went down the hall to his room and knocked right under the “Warning : Radioactive Waste” sign that was posted on his door. It swung open a crack.
“Are you sure you won’t join us?” Abby asked sweetly.
“No mom,” Cruz replied with a hint of exasperation. “Megan’s coming over to hang out.”
“OK, just asking,” she said with a note of resignation.
When we got in the car Abby turned to me with a serious face. “I’m worried about Cruz. He doesn’t seem happy.” She heaved a sigh. “He hates school and he never wants to do anything with me anymore.”
“He’ll be okay,” I tried to sound reassuring, “I get the impression that high school just kinda stinks for creative types … I’m not overly excited about going either, but Cruz and I can support each other this year.”
Abby smiled at me gratefully. “I’m so glad your dad let you come stay with us. I’ve been missing you for so long.”
“I’m glad to be here too,” I said, surprised, because after all the protesting I’d done I really meant it. “Me and Cruz have a lot in common. You know, after he graduates he wants to go to design school in San Francisco. I was thinking he might want to come and live at our apartment with us for a while.” I glanced over to see her reaction.
Abby looked thoughtful as she considered it. “That might really work out,” she mused under her breath as though she were thinking aloud.
“I think so,” I said confidently.
“We’ll see,” she sighed again, “I’m hoping that his senior year goes better than last year. Kids can be so mean.”
“It’s supposed to be a very good year,” I said lightly, thinking about the psychic’s prediction.
We pulled into the parking lot of the high school. The adjacent field was transformed into an open-air bazaar with several rows of pop-up tents and awnings. Abby handed me a canvas bag and hopped out of the car eagerly. 
“Let’s go see what looks good!”
We took our time wandering through the rows of booths, stopping to look at each and every display. Several flower stands perfumed the air with the competing scents of all sorts of glorious blooms standing at attention in giant buckets. A woman was sitting in a chair, stitching together sachets and selling handmade lavender soap. There was a cart with an espresso maker filling the air with delicious aromas, parked conveniently next to a vendor with an elaborate display of baked goods. 
A beekeeper had multiple flavors of honey to sample, and Abby and I lingered to taste them all. We couldn’t choose a favorite, and ended up picking out three little bear shaped containers to take home. I looked at the beeswax candles and sniffed the honey scented body lotion, picking up one of those as well. We admired some herbal wreaths, hanging alongside strings of red and green peppers drying on racks. Fat strands of braided garlic hung in rows, beautifully decorated with dried flowers tucked between each silvery clove.
Abby grinned at me, “Isn’t this place great?”
I nodded, returning her smile. It reminded me of outdoor markets I’d visited all over the world. I was feeling lighthearted and relaxed, right at home wandering through the booths and looking at all the beautiful things the earth had to offer.
I ducked over to a flower stand and bought Abby a bouquet with some of the spending money Dad had given me, stopping to look at a fishmonger’s display of sparkling whole salmon and sea-bass on ice. A small crowd was gathered around a rotund man shucking fresh oysters, slurping them down for breakfast. 
Piles of shiny fruit in every shape and color imaginable were stacked in crates alongside dusty looking tubers. I stopped to look over an array of exotic Asian greens and vegetables, recognizing some of them from the time I spent in Thailand a few years earlier. Sitting in the back of the stand behind a much younger man was the lone fisherman from the pier. He looked up at me and smiled with recognition.
“Oh,” I said, startled, “How’s the fishing going?”
“Not so good,” he said, shaking his head. “You should come back.”
“Why?” I asked suspiciously.
“You bring her ... and she brings the fish,” he said with a wink.
“Marina, over here,” called Abby. I turned towards her.
“Welcome home,” the fisherman called after me. I smiled back nervously and turned to leave. Strange, I thought, and considered telling Abby what he had said. I joined her at a display of potted herbs.
Abby called out to the vendor, “Hey Ethan,” and when he turned around I saw with a shock that it was him. He looked at Abby and then his eyes landed on me. This time he kept his composure but my face flushed.
“I believe you met my niece, Marina,” Abby gestured towards me. I reflexively held out my hand. His hand was warm and calloused, and he gripped mine firmly as he shook it. His eyes looked at me with curiosity now, and he seemed almost amused. He was even better looking than I remembered.
“Yeah, we met,” he said with a rueful smile, and I knew he was remembering his awkward stumble and fall.
“Marina will be living with us for the year,” Abby said. “She’s going to school with Cruz, and she’ll be a senior this year.”
She turned towards me. “Ethan will be a senior too,” she added.
He smiled at me, his friendly blue eyes boring into mine. “Welcome to Aptos.” I stood there clutching my flowers while Abby chatted to him about the garden. She bent down to write him a check for his work while I busied myself pretending to look at the plants. I brushed my hand over a pot of rosemary and the scent triggered a vivid image of him falling over into our hedge.
“Ethan,” I thought. I liked the sound of that name. Every time I glanced over in their direction I met his eyes. No one had ever made me feel so self-conscious, and even as we walked away I could still feel his gaze burning hot on my back.
Abby smiled over at me slyly. “He sure couldn’t take his eyes off of you,” she teased.
“He must think I’m some kind of freak,” I said, mortified. Why did I have to shake his hand like I was in some old Victorian novel?
“Oh, I very much doubt that’s what he was thinking,” Abby laughed. Even after we loaded up into the car I still couldn’t shake the image of his dark blue eyes from my mind.
We got home and unpacked our bags, filling the small counter with colorful produce.  Abby arranged the flowers in a vase, humming to herself. I slipped off my sandals and went down the hall towards my bedroom. As I passed Cruz’s room I could see through the open door that he had company.
“Hey Marina!” Cruz called out.
I ducked my head in the doorway. “Yes?”
“Come and meet my friend Megan,” said Cruz. 
I went in and looked around. His room was a little bigger than mine but most of the space was dominated by a large armoire covered with decals and stickers from various rock bands. There was a work table piled high with bolts of mostly black fabric and an old but solid looking sewing machine. A dress form draped with tape measures stood in the corner, along with great leaning stacks of fashion magazines. 
Cruz was perched on a stool by the table, and sitting on his bed was a girl with a bushy head of the brightest, curliest red hair I’d ever seen.
“Hi Megan,” I said with a smile. She looked up shyly. Her eyes were light golden brown and her pale skin was peppered with freckles.
“Hi,” she said in a high nervous voice.
“Come in and have a seat,” said Cruz. I settled on the bed next to Megan. She was a heavyset girl, swimming in a large loose sweatshirt and faded jeans. Her extraordinary curls flopped down to hide her face and her shoulders hunched over as though she wanted to shrink into the bed and disappear.
“Wow, that’s a cool dress,” said Cruz, turning to Megan with bright eyes, “You should see her clothes!” 
Cruz had enthusiastically helped me to organize my suitcases, gushing over every designer piece he came across. He spent a long time ogling my wardrobe, inspecting every seam like a detective.
“Your dress is really pretty,” Megan said, looking down when our eyes met.
“Thanks,” I said, “but I can’t really take any credit for picking it out.”
I explained how ever since I could remember Evie had been dressing me, and detailed some of her various eccentricities concerning clothes and fashion. Cruz listened raptly as I described attending trunk shows and meeting many of the up and coming designers that Evie took under her wing.
“Not all of the shows are for fledgling lines,” I explained, describing the wealthy and often famous people that were selected to attend the exclusive events held in higher end boutiques. I did a good impersonation of a world famous society matron I had inadvertently insulted with the truth when I was too young to know any better.
“You did not,” gasped Cruz with wide eyes.
“The emperor has no clothes,” Megan commented with a giggle, relaxing.
“And discretion is the better part of valor,” I added, nodding, “I’m much more diplomatic now.”
Talking about times spent with Evie, I was reminded of one story after another, and Cruz ate it up, pressing me for more details. 
“I love going to Chinatown,” Megan said. “My mom took me to the city last summer.”
Suddenly nostalgic, I reminisced about times Evie and I had spent combing through the back alleys of Chinatown, hunting for antique ceramics, silk and artwork. She visited herbalists and spice vendors and even had acupuncture treatments while I watched. Evie spent a good deal of time tending to her “chi”, which seemed to be in constant need of repair. Evie’s “chi” reminded me of Abby’s “vibes”, and I smiled when I thought about how totally opposite and yet somehow similar the two women were.
I had them both laughing with a tale about the first time Evie took me out for dim sum. She lifted the cover off a platter of chicken’s feet and shrieked so loudly that the startled waiter dropped a giant tray of dumplings all over a large family’s nearby table. Evie ended up paying for their lunch, charming them and the waiter as well.
“I wanna live in the city,” Cruz pouted.
“You’re so lucky,” said Megan, peeking out from behind a flaming cloud of hair. “I wish I had an aunt like that!”
“I know,” I replied with a shake of my head, thinking of Evie’s relentless search for novelty, “She’s always up for something new.”
“There’s nothing new around here,” Cruz griped.
“Evie wants me to come up for a visit when she gets back from Cannes,” I said. 
“As in France?” asked Cruz, his mouth agape.
“Oui.” I nodded. “She’s probably on a yacht somewhere in the Mediterranean right now.”
“We should take a trip up to San Francisco,” rhapsodized Cruz, visions of fashion swimming in his head.
“Definitely. You’ll love Evie,” I said decisively.
The three of us sat and talked about everything, and as she opened up, Megan turned out to have a sharp wit and a wicked sense of humor. I instantly liked her. She’d be a senior this year as well, and I started to think I might not feel too terribly out of place in school after all. Cruz praised her as an excellent guitar player and songwriter, and was encouraging her to try her hand at performing in public.
“You should hear her sing,” he said.
“I didn’t bring my guitar.” She flushed pink.
“Next time she will,” he said in a commanding tone.
“I’d love to hear your songs.” I said with sincerity. She had a sweet tone to her voice that was pleasing to my ears, and I somehow knew that she was as talented as Cruz said she was.
Megan looked embarrassed. “Maybe.”
“So what’s the story with that Ethan guy who does the yard?” I asked casually, trying not to sound too interested.
“Ethan Carlson?” she asked.
“I don’t know,” I said with a shrug. “I just saw him working in the garden on Saturday.”
“He’s like only the hottest guy at school,” said Megan, “I think half the girls are in love with him. Those surfer chicks are always trailing around behind him, batting their eyelashes.”
“We used to be friends when we were kids,” added Cruz, “but we stopped hanging out in junior high. He got into surfing and girls and I got into fashion design. He’s alright—I mean he’s probably the only surfer that isn’t a total jerk to me. He usually surfs down by the pier after school.”
Megan smiled at me knowingly. “You like him, don’t you?”
“I only asked because I met him at the farmers market this morning,” I said defensively.
“Methinks the lady doth protest too much,” Megan added slyly.
“Oh, let her be, Shakespeare,” said Cruz, noticing my bright red face.
Megan changed the subject by urging Cruz to show me some of his designs. When he opened his armoire I was truly surprised. His clothes were mainly dark and Edwardian looking, and each item had a unique romantic twist. The styling was intriguing, and very edgy. A series of pieces embellished with zippers and contrast stitching were feminine but bold, with hard-edged tailoring and amazing attention to detail. Because of Evie, I knew a lot about well-made clothes, and these were superbly crafted.
Cruz watched nervously for my reaction. 
“Oh my God!” I exclaimed, “These are exquisite!”
“Told you so!” Megan cackled. “He didn’t think you’d like them.”
“I love them! You’re incredibly talented! Why didn’t you show me before now?” I held up a beautifully structured black lace blouse.
“I thought you’d think it was weird,” he said, “You know, a guy sewing girl’s stuff.”
“Weird?” I snorted. “You should meet Evie!”
“Would you try it on?” he asked, “I’ve only ever seen it on the dress form.”
“Sure,” I replied, and hurried off to my room. I slipped out of my dress and wriggled into some jeans. The blouse was sheer, so I threw on a black camisole and slipped it on overtop, fastening a row of sparkling jet-black buttons that went all the way up the high neck. The waist was fitted, and there was a peplum that flared out longer in the back. The long sleeves puffed out a little at the shoulder and were tight at the wrist with another row of tiny buttons. I stood back and checked my reflection. I looked pale and fierce, like a Gothic rock and roll vampire. I kinda liked it.
“Ta Da!” I said as I burst into Cruz’s room. His eyes flew open wide and he gasped.
“I think you have a new muse,” said Megan.

~

CHAPTER FOUR
SLEEPER

~

Megan, Cruz, and I ended up hanging out a lot in the waning days of summer, enjoying our freedom before school schedules would start to regiment our lives. We walked into town for coffee or just lounged around listening to music. They introduced me to the surrounding area, taking me outside of Aptos and into nearby Santa Cruz. One beautiful late summer day we drove to The Boardwalk, a seaside amusement park dominated by a giant twisting structure poking high into the sky.
“You’ve never been on a roller coaster?” asked Cruz incredulously.
“There’s not a lot of call for thrill rides where I’ve been,” I said, glancing up at the wooden tracks suspiciously. “It looks dangerous.”
“The Giant Dipper’s a classic!” enthused Megan. “It’s been here nearly a hundred years.”
“That’s certainly comforting,” I said, inspecting the construction. From my vantage point it looked like it was made out of toothpicks.
We waited in a short line that wound through a rattling wooden tunnel that vibrated each time the cars ran on the track. Listening to the muffled screams was unnerving, but every time I glanced over at Cruz he just grinned. Our turn came much too soon, and the three of us loaded onto a small car that jerked forward, immediately plunging us into a black tunnel. It made me claustrophobic, and I was so relieved to emerge into the light that I didn’t even fret about the nearly vertical ascent that followed.
We crested the top of the tracks and were treated to a beautiful view of the sandy beach bordering an endless expanse of teal-blue ocean. The old wood creaked and swayed in protest, and then the bottom dropped out, taking my stomach along with it. The little car accelerated down the track at tremendous speeds, twisting and turning as it tossed me from side to side like a pinball.
Megan and Cruz’s screams still echoed in my ears when the wheels lurched to a sudden halt. We piled out onto a wooden ramp, our bodies still vibrating from the wild ride.
Megan took my arm. “You look as white as a sheet ... Are you okay?”
I caught my breath. “Let’s do it again.” 
~
Aptos was growing on me. Long summer days started with foggy mornings that miraculously transformed themselves into warm breezy afternoons. Cruz spent as much time feverishly sewing as I did painting, and he was constantly calling me in to try something on or give an opinion. Megan came over for regular visits, and we spent hours lazing on the couch, watching style and design show marathons on television. We both thought Cruz was far more talented than any of the designers we saw featured.
Abby was clearly pleased to see us getting along. She bustled around the kitchen, humming to herself and occasionally bringing us some interesting vegetarian concoctions to snack on. Her cooking never got much better, but she offered it up with smiles of such sweetness and genuine sincerity that none of us had the heart to refuse or criticize.  
My thoughts kept straying back to Ethan. I tried to dismiss him from my mind, but knowing I’d be seeing him at school regularly made me nervous all over again. The way he stared at the farmer’s market was disconcerting; just thinking about it made me uncomfortable. Every time I brushed by the rosemary hedge out front I could see his face.
Late at night, I would lie in bed and listen to the surf thundering on the beach. With my eyes closed I imagined that I could feel the tug of the water rocking me to sleep, and the power of the tides seemed to shake the very ground beneath my bed. One foggy Aptos morning after another I’d start awake from vivid dreams about swimming, the taste of salt on the tip of my tongue.
I enjoyed living so close to the shore, and relished my solo walks to the foggy beach. I went as early as possible, when there were few if any other people around, drawn out of my warm bed and down to the sand by the sound of the crashing waves. I reveled in the solitude, and would sit and gaze out at the horizon, imagining that the water went on forever. Sometimes the sky and water seemed to blend together, making me feel like I was floating, disembodied, sitting inside of a dream.
One morning I decided to go find Stella the cat feeder and deliver the bags of cat food that I’d begun dropping off for her regularly. She invariably greeted me as though I were an old friend, even if she didn’t always remember my name. Stella was such a sweet confused soul that I suspected she was feeding the wild cats instead of herself, and I wanted to lift some of the burden from her frail shoulders.
Flipping through my rack of clothes, I picked out a delicate silk blouse to wear with my favorite jeans. I looked out the window at the chilly gray morning and added a leather jacket with a soft shearling lining. Rummaging through a suitcase I found a pair of high-powered binoculars to drop into my tote bag, along with my sketchpad and some colored pencils. If I managed to spot the strange diver girl again I was determined to get a good look at her.
It was still fairly early, and I walked briskly down the stairs, delighted to find the beach nearly deserted. I wandered around a little bit, but didn’t spot Stella at any of her favorite benches, so I decided to leave the food in a niche under the stairs where I knew she’d find it. 
I looked around in the tall grass for the cats, but I never saw the timid creatures unless I was with Stella. She alone had earned all of the trust they’d managed to summon for humankind. Still, I poured a little bit of food out onto a grassy spot; it was always gone by the time I took the stairs back home.
I kicked off my shoes and strolled down towards the water, sinking into the dry sand with every step. When I reached the waterline I ambled along, charmed by groups of tiny shore birds racing back and forth just ahead of the surf. White foam stretched up to claim the beach, only to be reeled back into the mass of water behind it, followed by the busy little birds. Their short legs churned beneath them in a blur, giving them the appearance of rolling along on wheels. I sat down on the dry sand to draw them, giggling at how comical they looked.
Finished with my first sketch, I rose to do a little beachcombing, rolling up my pant legs and getting close enough to let the ice cold water wash across my feet. I reached down and plucked a perfect unbroken sand dollar from the foamy rush. I took it as an omen that this would be a lucky day.
On this fog-veiled morning the pier was empty of fishermen, and I looked up at the lonely expanse of gray weathered wood disappearing into the murky swirling mist. I picked my way across the beach to the stairs and wandered down the planks to the bench at the end of the ship. Peering through the fence, I gazed out onto the dark choppy waters lapping at the broken concrete.
The sea lions were gone, but there was a row of black cormorants perched on the rusty rails of the ship’s broken prow. Getting out my sketch pad I sat down to begin another drawing. After I finished the birds, I looked around for a fresh subject. I started to sketch a seagull that had landed on the fence near me, eying me hopefully.
“Sorry guy, I don’t have any food for you,” I told him. He cocked his ear to listen and flew away as though he had understood me perfectly.
As the morning slipped away the fog slowly peeled back, grudgingly allowing the sun to take its place in the sky. I gazed out across the water and could just make out some surfers in the distance. I took off my jacket, stuffing it into my bag as I moved to the left side of the ship. With my binoculars I could see the surfers clearly. There were several figures in the water and a small group of girls sitting on the beach with towels and a cooler.
The girls all wore tiny bikinis, and were anointing their bodies with oil that made them glisten in the bright sun. I could see them talk and laugh amongst themselves, their long hair blowing in the sea breeze. They looked so natural, so comfortable in their own tanned skins that I felt a longing that surprised me, followed by a pang of regret. I knew that I could never fit in with a group like that, and at that moment I felt as foreign as a stranger visiting from a far distant land.
I shifted the binoculars and focused my attention on the surfers. They had on black wetsuits on that made their bodies look shiny, like the sea lions. Paddling out past the breaking waves, they turned to face the shore and wait for a wave to ride in. I knew that waves came in sets, but I couldn’t discern any visible pattern.
One surfer stood up on a huge wave and clung to its side masterfully, cutting back and forth across the wall of water. I adjusted the binoculars and saw with a start that it was Ethan. Of course he would be good, I thought. He had none of the wobbly awkwardness of some of the other surfers. He sprang to his feet, lithe as a panther, and flew across the waves, twisting and swirling like a breeze. He made it look like a lot of fun, and I had a sudden impulse to try it, which was more than a little weird given my pronounced lack of swimming skills.
I kept the binoculars focused on Ethan, propping my elbows up on the wooden rail. I couldn’t stop looking at him as he skimmed across the water, defying gravity. Mesmerized, I must have leaned against the fence for at least an hour. I watched him get out of the water and spotted a tall blonde heading towards him with a towel. I recognized her as the nasty girl who had insulted Cruz and me on my first night here. Figures, I thought, as I remembered the look she had flashed me.
The bikini clad girls all sucked in their stomachs and posed alluringly when Ethan walked by. I laughed out loud as I turned back to the bench. “Now you are a full-fledged voyeur,” I muttered to myself.
The throaty barks of sea lions caught my attention, and I went over to the fence to check them out. Their shiny black heads popped out of the water a few yards from the end of the ship. I raised my binoculars and adjusted the focus, my eyes caught by a glimpse of coppery red hair. She was there! The girl was swimming among the sea lions! This time she didn’t see me and I watched as she moved closer with the pack of jostling creatures. She reached out to stroke one of their heads as though she were petting a dog.
Her skin was luminously pale, and I could see what looked like a fine mesh of webbing between her fingers. The sunlight reflected from her long flowing hair, gleaming in shades of red and gold. She came closer to the broken chunks of concrete and with a swift motion jumped up out of the water and perched on the shipwreck.
But she had no legs! From the waist down she was sheathed in gleaming scales that reflected all the colors of the sea. Where her feet should have been was a large feathery fin! She was a mermaid—far more majestic and breathtaking than any artist’s rendition I’d ever seen. My knees weakened and buckled and I fell to the deck.
The sudden movement startled her and in a flash she slipped back down into the water. Her face was the only thing visible when she looked up to see me on the ground. I saw the shock of recognition in her eyes and I knew it was her—the girl I had seen before. I felt faint, and pressed the heels of my palms into my eyes. It must be a trick of the light, I thought, or my imagination.
I looked again and she was still bobbing in the water, her golden head standing out among the glossy black sea lions that surrounded her. She studied me closely for a moment with a confused look, and slipped under the foamy waves. I exhaled, realizing that I’d been holding my breath, and was surprised again when she abruptly reappeared as close as she could get to me, still keeping halfway submerged. I felt dizzy and clung to the chain link fence, trying to steady myself.
Now we were less than ten feet away from one another, and I could see that this was no wet suit she had on. Her smooth pale skin sparkled like fish scales and she was completely unselfconscious about her bare breasts. There was something wild and feral about her as she moved amongst the sea lions, who were nudging her hands like a litter of puppies vying for her attention. She stared at me intently and then she spoke.
“Sister, are you well?” she asked.
Her voice was melodic, and I had the impression that she was singing.
“Who are you?” I managed to gasp out. She looked up and was gone with a splash.
“Miss, are you alright?” a voice from behind startled me. I turned to see an elderly couple with concerned faces.
“Uh, I’m fine. I just... fell,” I said woodenly, looking down at my legs crumpled under me on the asphalt deck.
“You sure do look pale,” said the gentleman. “Let me help you up to the bench so you can catch your breath.” Now I realized I was hyperventilating. Not wanting to scare them, I got up on shaky legs, took a deep breath and composed myself. I sat down and smiled convincingly.
“I was just a little lightheaded for a moment—I feel fine now.” They picked up the binoculars and handed me my tote.
“Are you sure you don’t want us to call anyone?” the woman asked.
“I’m sure,” I said firmly and watched as they made their way down the pier, casting a few worried backwards glances. I sat there in a daze, contemplating what I’d just seen. After a few minutes I went back to the fence to press my face into the wire and scan the water below. There was no sign of life on the jagged blocks of concrete.
I packed up my things and started towards home slowly, looking down at the wooden boards. I was in a state of shock, my mind clouded with awe and confusion. When I got to the end of the pier I stepped right into the path of the little band of surfers moving along the cement walkway as they left the beach. I tried to hurry away, but my feet felt like lead.
Ethan spotted me first.
“Marina–” he called out.
I paused and slowly turned around. He must have noticed the dazed look in my eyes because the friendly expression dropped from his face. He regarded me with narrowed, questioning eyes that I could feel looking right through me. I could see the blonde watching him and then me with a suspicious look. I’m sure she was wondering how he knew me.
“Hello,” I said flatly, trying to sound normal. I turned abruptly and walked out onto the beach without looking back. I could hear them talking about me and laughing but I didn’t care. I felt as though I was sleepwalking as I made my way to the ocean’s edge. When I reached the water line I turned right, and walked numbly along the wet sand toward the stairs.
There was a shout from behind me, and all at once a massive wave came from out of nowhere, knocking me to the ground. Ice-cold saltwater filled my eyes and mouth and my body was violently wrenched, tossed head over heels and churned like a piece of driftwood in the surf. As the wave receded, I struggled both to breathe and to catch my footing but the water swept me out to sea with a force I was powerless against. Choking and coughing, I was flailing in water over my head for what seemed like a very long time.
I had just seen a mermaid—an actual mythological creature! The thought occurred to me that I was going to die before I could tell anyone. I felt a hand take hold of my arm. A smooth scaly tail brushed up against me and I knew instantly that it was her. Swallowing water, I felt my body thrust upwards until my head broke the surface alongside hers. My terror filled eyes looked into her calm steady ones. I started to black out.
The next thing I knew another pair of arms had a hold of me and I opened my eyes to see Ethan dragging me out of the surf like a rag doll. He pulled me up onto the dry sand and brushed the wet hair from my face.
“Marina! Marina!” I could hear him calling from what seemed like very far away. I closed my eyes and turned my head to vomit salty water.
When I stopped coughing I looked up to see the group of surfers standing around looking down at me. I sat up and turned away from them.
“I’m fine, I’m fine,” I choked out, “Just go away please.”
I heard Ethan tell them to leave and that he’d catch up with them. I could also hear the girls laugh as they walked away, chattering about how stupid I was. My face burned with the awful shame of humiliation as I struggled to catch my breath. Ethan returned, knelt down and wrapped a towel around me.
“Are you gonna be alright?” he asked, his eyes searching mine. I had a crazy urge to tell him everything I’d seen right at that moment, but couldn’t imagine how to even begin to put it.
“Once I get used to the idea,” I replied, trying to brush the sand off my wet hands, thinking that I had actually physically touched a mermaid. He looked at me strangely, and again I felt acutely out of place, like an alien.
“It’s a good thing I looked up and saw you get hit. That was a huge sleeper!” he said with awe, looking back out towards the sea.
“Sleeper?” I said, clearing my throat, “Isn’t that an old Woody Allen movie?”
“It’s not funny,” he said, his face serious.
I started to laugh, because it was funny. Probably the funniest, weirdest, most inexplicable thing that had ever happened to me. This brought on another fit of coughing that made it hard for me to catch my breath.
He looked worried, and then exasperated as he contemplated me. 
His voice was stern and commanding, “Don’t you know that you always have to keep an eye on the surf?”
I drew a ragged breath. “Obviously, I do not,” I said, with as much sarcasm as I could muster.
His tone softened, “A big wave can come up out of nowhere—you have to be careful.”
“I’ll take that into consideration,” I replied.
“I’m serious,” he said.
“So was what I just saw,” I squeezed my eyes shut with a grimace. This could not be happening to me.
He chuckled, exhaling with a sigh, “Marina, you’re an unusual girl.”
“Oh, you don’t know the half of it,” I said, looking up at him and thinking about the mermaid. I shuddered involuntarily.
“We’d better get you home,” he said.
I stood up shakily, trying in vain to wipe some more sand off my hands, noticing that my wet blouse was totally transparent. Embarrassed, I gripped the towel in front of me like a shield.
“I can make it home on my own. I’m okay.” I seemed to be having to lie about that a lot today.
“I don’t think Abby would forgive me if I didn’t walk you home. Besides,” he added, “you really don’t want to see Abby angry.”
We both laughed at the thought of sweet Abby angry, making me choke back a cough.
“Ready to climb those stairs?” he asked with a skeptical look at me.
I struggled to catch a clear breath. “I thought they were the neighborhood secret.”
“Oh, you don’t know the half of it,” he teased.
“Touché’.” I started to wobble unsteadily. “Wait! My bag ... my keys.” I turned to look back towards the sea. Ethan jogged down to the waterline and returned with my sketchbook.
“This is all I could find,” he said, opening it. “Is it yours?”
I reached out for it and he snatched it back. “These are really good,” he said, peeling back the wet pages. He looked at me appraisingly.
“You’re an artist.” He smiled. “That explains a lot.”
I doubled over in a hoarse coughing fit. Suddenly determined, he grabbed me around the waist and propelled me across the sand. My legs felt like rubber, and I struggled to keep from stumbling. When we reached the stairs he scooped me up and carried me.
I didn’t protest. I felt like I had been hit by a ton of bricks, both physically and psychologically. I turned my face into his chest and closed my eyes. When I opened them back up I was at home. Ethan gently lowered me to the bench on the porch and knocked on the door.
The next thing I knew I was looking into Abby’s worried face and he was gone. Over a cup of hot tea with honey I told her about how I was blindsided by the massive wave, skipping over the mermaid part. As shocked and dazed as I was, I had enough wits about me to realize that no one would take my story seriously.
“You were lucky Ethan was there,” she said gravely, “Thank goodness for that.”
“Abby...” I met her eyes. “Please don’t tell Dad. I don’t want to worry him.”
She hesitated. “Promise me you’ll be more careful?” she asked, biting her lip.
“Deal,” I said.
I ate what she put in front of me and found myself completely drained. Excusing myself with a reassuring hug for Abby, I silently retreated to my room, taking care to avoid Cruz and Megan. My mind was a swirl of confusion, and I needed some time alone to process the experience. I didn’t want to answer any questions.
I sat on the edge of my bed, my back stiff from the tumbling I had taken. Who would believe me about what I’d just seen? I had to admit that I wouldn’t believe it myself, and I smiled grimly at my predicament. I caught a glimpse of myself in the mirror and was shocked by how much I looked like her.
I soaked my sore muscles in a hot bath, crawled into bed and struggled to find a comfortable position. Playing out the strange sighting over and over in my mind I tried in vain to make some sense of it. Could there be any possible explanation other than the fact that mermaids existed? I thought about what my father would make of it, and tried to apply logic to the situation.
Zoologists classified the animal kingdom by body structure. So, having a spine, she would belong in the phylum chordata. But what class? She had breasts like a mammal, but her scales were incongruous—more like a fish or reptile. Did she breathe air? I didn’t see any gills ... I couldn’t even get close to describing the genus or species before I gave up.
I knew what Evie would think. She believed in the supernatural, and had a magical explanation for every difficult situation in life. She sought out ghosts and spirits, and would often tell me that the world was full of unsolved mysteries and unimaginable truths. My father humored her, but didn’t like her filling my head with what he considered nonsense. I usually took his side on these matters, but this time I wasn’t able to.
I mentally chalked up one point in the Evie column. Exhausted, I fell into a deep sleep punctuated only by dreams of the sea.
~
I was floating on a surfboard in a brilliant blue green ocean, looking into Ethan’s face as he drifted along beside me. The sun was shining brightly, reflecting on the rippling water. As we rose and fell with the regular swells he smiled at me, and I laughed with joy.

~

CHAPTER FIVE
LORELEI

~

I opened my eyes to see Charlie’s sphinx-like face staring back at me. I sat up and winced. My back and shoulders ached, and my legs were stiff and sore. My mind immediately started racing, considering the implications of what I’d seen. 
The whole world seemed to shift on its axis as I came to grips with the fact that mermaids really existed. I was forced to believe my own eyes, and it made me wonder what other mysteries lay hidden, waiting to be discovered.
Evie used to say that the most beautiful things in life were also the most mysterious, and I could certainly see how that would apply to mermaids. She would believe me, I thought, but she’d panic if she knew about my accident. I was busy formulating the words I’d use in my head when it occurred to me that I didn’t know one thing about mermaids other than what I’d seen in an old Disney cartoon.
I got out of bed gingerly and went for my laptop. Wrapping myself up in my quilt like a giant cocoon, I started to do some serious research. The only problem was that there didn’t seem to be much serious information to be found. I spent the next few hours cruising cyberspace, feverishly reading everything I could find about mermaid legend and lore. Every culture in every part of the world had tales of magical ocean maidens, and all sorts of different powers were ascribed to them.
I heard Abby’s footsteps come down the hall, followed by a soft knock on the door. I closed the computer. “Come in,” I called.
“I just wanted to check in on you before I left for the studio,” she said with concerned eyes. “Are you okay?”
“Yes Abby,” I said firmly, trying to sound reassuring. “Can we just put this all behind us?”
“I guess so.” She smiled tentatively. “See you this afternoon.”
I turned back to my mermaid research until I was interrupted by another knock on the door. Cruz poked his head in.
“Are you alright?” he asked. “Mom told me what happened.”
“Yeah,” I said, huddling in my quilt. “I think my pride was wounded more than anything else.”
“Megan’s on the way over,” he said, “She’s bringing her guitar this time.”
“Excellent, I’ll be out in a few minutes.”
I got dressed and reached over to scratch Charlie under the chin. What he would think about a half fish, half woman?  I smirked at the thought, and kissed him on the top of his furry little head.
When Megan arrived I settled into the comfortable couch with my legs curled under me while Cruz pleaded for her to sing us a song. She’d been creative in coming up with excuses to avoid performing for us, but Cruz had finally cornered her, refusing to let her forget her guitar.
I smiled some encouragement. “It’s just me and Cruz.”
She blushed, and then gathering her courage, pulled up a beanbag, sat down and began strumming on her guitar. She drew a deep breath and launched into a song about heartbreak and sorrow, the notes ringing out high and crystalline. She was suddenly beautiful, and the haunting melody she sang echoed against the hardwood floors, resonating throughout the room. I was reminded of the sweet sound of the mermaid’s voice and struggled to blink back involuntary tears. 
Cruz caught my eye and nodded knowingly. Megan really was incredibly talented.
“Wow!” I gasped when she finished, “That was amazing! You wrote that song?”
She nodded, eyes shining. “Yeah.”
“Cruz wasn’t kidding about your music,” I said seriously. “You should perform in public! Are there places around here with open mike nights?”
“I dunno,” she said, looking down shyly.
I told her about the clubs in San Francisco Evie used to scout for performers. She was always on the lookout for the newest and most talented musicians to showcase at her parties and charity events, and loved hunting them down for herself. Evie had a good ear, and was responsible for many an up-and-coming artist’s big break.
“I don’t think I’m ready for anything like that,” Megan said, shaking her unruly curls with a terrified look in her eye.
“I think you are,” I pronounced with conviction. She blushed as red as her hair and stammered out her thanks. 
The three of us spent the morning drinking coffee and talking, and I managed to coax some more music out of Megan. The first song was no fluke, and as her confidence rose her voice strengthened. I was even more captivated after her second performance, now certain I was right about her impressive musical talent. I needed to introduce her to Evie.
Cruz told Megan about my near drowning and she repeated Ethan’s warning about keeping an eye out on the waves. Apparently there had been several accidental deaths at the beach over the years, all blamed on high, unpredictable surf and erratic rip currents.
“Cruz and I aren’t real beachy types,” she said with a sarcastic smile. “But then again ... we’re not really into surfers.”
I cast her a baleful glare.
She returned my gaze mischievously, “Did Ethan really carry you all the way home?” she asked. I nodded, mortified and suddenly flustered.
“Well,” she said seriously, “I suppose that makes it all worthwhile.” Cruz and Megan snickered to each other as I flushed bright red.
“Very funny,” I said sourly. “But something else happened yesterday that I didn’t tell anyone.”
I’d felt as though I was going to explode all morning, holding in my thoughts about my strange encounter. The urge to say it out loud kept the news bubbling to the tip of my tongue, threatening me with its intensity. I couldn’t wait any longer. The floodgates burst open and I told them about the mermaid, pouring out the whole story, describing my first sighting and going into elaborate detail about our contact at the cement ship.
They sat there quietly, taking it all in. Then they exchanged a meaningful glance between them.
“Are you sure you didn’t bump your head or something when you were underwater?” Cruz asked.
Megan chimed in, “You passed out ... right? That can cause oxygen deprivation...”
“Are you accusing me of having brain damage?” I asked acerbically, then joked, “Or should I say drain bramage?” They didn’t laugh.
Cruz tried to placate me, “It’s just, you might have gotten knocked out and dreamed it or something...”
I rolled my eyes at him. “I just told you I saw her before the accident,” I said.
“Maybe it was someone playing a trick on you,” Megan reasoned, “Some of those surfer girls can be really mean.”
They spent the better part of an hour trying to explain away my story. The more I insisted that what I saw was real, the more condescending they got. They spoke to me like I was a confused child. Frustrated, I excused myself, going for a walk to calm my rising irritation. I should have known better than to tell anyone. Who in their right mind would believe such a story?
I wandered the neighborhood, lost in my thoughts. Without even thinking my feet took me down to the pier leading towards the cement boat. I came upon the lone fisherman leaning against the rail, looking intently into the murky water. I walked to his side and looked down, puzzled to see nothing. He glanced over at me with a grin, giving me the strangest sensation that he’d been expecting me.  
“Good morning,” I said routinely.
“Hello water girl,” he replied, smiling so broadly I thought his lined face would crack, “The water spirits are strong today.” He gestured to the bucket at his feet, overflowing with fish.
I looked down and back up at him, remembering his cryptic remarks at the farmer’s market.
“Really?” I asked, looking out towards the ruins. 
“Good fishing,” he said with a wink. 
His ancient eyes sparkled impishly, and a surge of excitement passed through me. I don’t know how I knew—but I just did. Grinning triumphantly, I turned and ran back home as fast as my stiff legs could manage.
When I burst into Abby’s little house panting and sporting a maniacal smile, Cruz and Megan started to look more than a little bit nervous.
“Come on!” I barked at them, “Now! She’s down at the ship.” I hustled them out the door and hurried along the path, racing down to the pier with Cruz and Megan trailing behind me. When I got to the ship I found a couple sitting on the bench, holding hands and kissing. I stood there waiting for Megan and Cruz to catch up, blocking the lovebird’s view. They looked annoyed at my intrusion and reluctantly got up to go, still clinging to one another.
“It’s the love boat,” Megan quipped when she caught up, and Cruz started laughing. They seemed to think this whole thing was just a big joke.
“Come here,” I hissed, waving them over to the chain link fence. I scanned the deck, making sure there was no one else around. Once I was certain the coast was clear, I looked down to see a team of sea lions looking back up at us.
“Sister, sister, come out,” I cried, not knowing what else to call her. A few moments passed and I could hear Cruz and Megan muttering to each other with strange worried looks on their faces. Suddenly she popped up out of the water in all her full glory.
“Don’t go!” I called out to her, seeing her alarm when she spotted my company. “Please...” she ducked back into the water and just when I thought she was gone for good she appeared right on the other side of the fence. It was the closest that I had been to her since she pulled me out of the water.
She looked shyly at Megan and Cruz, who stood in shock, white knuckles gripping the fence. Then she turned toward me and smiled.
“What’s your name?” I asked her, and then added, “I’m Marina.”
“Marina,” she repeated in her singsong voice, “I am Lorelei.”
“Why ... what...” I stammered. I didn’t know what to ask first.
“Is that your mate?” she asked, looking toward Cruz. His eyeballs were popping out of his head.
I chuckled. “No, he’s my cousin.”
“Cousin,” she repeated, looking confused, “Who is the one with the beautiful hair?” she asked, smiling at Megan. I looked over to see Megan’s freaked out face. Lorelei turned towards me suddenly, eyes excited.
“I have something,” she sang in her ringing voice. She flashed another brilliant smile and dove back into the churning sea, giving my skeptical friends another excellent view of her tail. They looked at me incredulously, vaguely horrified. With a splash she reappeared, only this time she had my binoculars around her slender neck and my bag slung over her shoulder.
“I have your ... things,” she said, wide eyed.
“Could I have my bag back?” I gestured, thinking about my keys. She reached up, and with one graceful motion flung the bag up and over the chain link fence. I bent to pick it up. “You can keep the binoculars,” I added, watching as she looked down and touched them.
“Binoculars,” she repeated, and smiled radiantly.
At that moment, children’s voices sounded behind us and we turned to see a young mother with two little girls approaching the fence. With one graceful flip of her tail, Lorelei the mermaid disappeared into the waves. The kids ran up to cling to the chain link, squealing with delight when they spotted the basking sea lions. The tired mother parked herself on the bench and settled down with a sigh, obviously planning to stay awhile. 
Somehow I knew that Lorelei was gone for the time being. 
“Come on, let’s go,” I shepherded Cruz and Megan away from the fence, savoring my moment of sweet vindication.
“Holy crap,” Megan kept repeating as we made our way down the pier.
“That was intense,” added Cruz, eyes wide with shock.
I knew how they felt. It was a strange thing indeed to have all of your assumptions about reality turned upside down in a split second.
We came upon the fisherman and I paused for a moment. “Thank you,” I said with a sincere smile.
“What is your name, water girl?” he asked, his deeply lined face holding friendly eyes.
“Marina, and yours?” 
“Lue Khang,” he replied.
“Well, Lue Khang,” I said, my smile broadening. “Thanks again.” I pressed my palms together and bowed my forehead to them. I knew this to be a sign of respect from my time in Thailand and I hoped he understood. I turned to leave, “Good luck fishing!” I called over my shoulder with glee.
“Heh, heh, heh,” I could hear his happy chuckle as I rejoined Cruz and Megan.
“Come on guys—let’s go!” I prodded my dazed looking friends, “I’ve been doing some research and have a ton of stuff to show you.”
By the time we made it up the steep stairs Cruz and Megan were getting over the shock and speculating wildly about what it all meant. I was relieved to have someone to talk to about it, and grateful to Lue Khang for tipping me off about her. I wondered exactly what he knew about Lorelei. When we got home I brought out my laptop and started to show them all the information that I’d gathered.
“There are lots of stories about how they lure sailors to their deaths,” said Megan ominously, her topaz eyes flashing with the thought of it. 
“Yeah,” Cruz said, “But over here, it says that they’ve been known to warn fishermen away from dangerous storms and rescue them from shipwrecks.”
“That’s what’s frustrating,” I complained, “There’s so much contradictory information.”
“I think our mermaid is much too pretty to be the killer type,” said Cruz thoughtfully.
Megan cast him a satirical glance. “Our mermaid?”
“Well, Marina discovered her, but we’re probably the only ones who know she exists!” he sounded mightily impressed with the importance of this, and I didn’t have the heart to tell him that I suspected the old guy fishing knew as well.
We kept on reading mermaid factoids to each other until late in the day. Mermaids were said to have the gift of prophecy, and to be immortal. They were described as both good and evil in a confusing mix of legend and lore. We read that they blessed people who were kind to sea creatures, and were able to bestow creativity and talent. Artists, poets and adventurers claimed to draw inspiration from them.
Lots of stories claimed that they possessed the power to grant wishes, and that their presence signified abundance and protection. They were also known to have the ability to transform, to grow legs and become human at will.
“What if they’re all over the place?” Megan wondered.
“What if she’s the only one?” Cruz countered.
We decided to find out more about her, to determine where she came from and what she was up to. When I reminded them of their initial skepticism, we made a pact to keep her existence a secret.
“We have to be careful, if anyone finds out about her, the scientists might try to dissect her in some laboratory,” said Cruz, his big brown eyes open wide.
Megan scoffed at him, “Seriously Cruz, that’s only in the movies. In the real world the men in the white coats will be coming to take you away if you start talking about seeing mermaids!”
“That’s for sure,” I said, remembering their condescending behavior just a few short hours ago. “I think it’s important that we keep this to ourselves.”
“You know,” Megan said thoughtfully, “She looked a whole lot like you.”
Cruz agreed, “If I didn’t know any better I’d say you were twins. It’s weird—your eyes are exactly the same.”
I hesitated for a moment. “Yeah, I noticed. I wonder if that’s why she showed herself to me. She thinks she knows me...” I was still a little freaked out about it.
“Marina ... why did you call her sister?” Cruz asked solemnly.
“She mistook me for her sister or something, because that’s what she called me ... at first,” I said, “At least we know each other’s names now.”
“How’s that?” Cruz asked.
“You heard her,” I said.
“What are you talking about? All she did was make weird sounds.”
I was stunned. “Megan, you heard her, right?”
Megan slowly shook her head no. “It sounded like she was gargling or something.”
“No way! You didn’t hear anything she said?” I asked, shocked.
“No, we just saw her hand you your bag.” Cruz said, reaching out for the damp leather tote. He looked at the label. “Oh my God! It’s a Gucci!” Megan and I laughed at him, but Cruz cocked his head at me with questioning eyes.
“How did she sound to you?” he asked.
“She was definitely talking, but it sounded like singing,” I said, “Like bells ringing.”
“That’s hella weird! How come you hear that and we don’t?” Cruz looked at me skeptically and I just shrugged, as mystified about it as he was.
“Marina, what did she say to you?” asked Megan gravely.
“Well, she asked my name, and she said her name was Lorelei. She asked if Cruz was my mate.”
Megan’s eyes met mine and we cracked up, rolling on the couch laughing.
“Also, she said that your hair is beautiful,” I added, as I sat up wiping my eyes. Clearly pleased, Megan smiled shyly and raised her hand to her curls.
“Then she gave me my bag and I told her to keep the binoculars.”
“We could hear you talk, Marina,” said Cruz, shaking his head in wonder.
“Whoa,” said Megan, suddenly somber as she considered the implications, “This is really huge...”
“That’s what she said!” Cruz retorted, sending the two of them into spasms of laughter.
“Who’s she?” I asked, causing them renewed hilarity.
“I’m serious,” said Megan, after she composed herself. “Marina must have some sort of psychic connection with her.”
“Maybe it’s because she rescued you!” Cruz exclaimed.
“Or because she touched you,” Megan said, making Cruz shudder.
We all sat and thought about that for a minute but no one could come up with a better explanation.
“You’re just lucky you got your bag back,” said Cruz gravely.
Megan snorted. “Cruz is more impressed with Gucci than he is with a supernatural being!”
“Honey,” Cruz snapped, “Gucci is supernatural!”
The three of us burst into cathartic laughter, all of us forced to accept the fact that there were mysteries in the world that were inconceivable to us until today. Now anything was possible, and knowing that was wonderful, exciting, and more than a little scary.
~
That night I tossed and turned in bed, replaying my conversation with Lorelei in an endless loop. My mind was flooded with mermaid legends and lore. They were said to be the sirens of ancient mythology, and in most stories the siren’s song was dangerous, more often than not resulting in disaster. One of the recurring themes was of their seductive voices making them irresistible. I thought about how the mermaid sounded to me, and I was reminded of a man I once heard playing hand bells on a street in San Francisco.
Evie and I had stopped, transfixed by the glorious resonant tones that seemed to vibrate right through your chest and into your soul. We both stood rooted to the ground until the last ringing note reverberated off the buildings all around us. I could still remember the look on the bell ringer’s face when Evie tipped him lavishly, took me by the hand, and walked away without a word.
Lorelei, I thought, remembering her beautiful voice. How on earth was it that I could hear it when my friends couldn’t? I resolved to find out more as I drifted off to sleep, lulled by the rumble of the surf, dreaming of distant chimes ringing out a beautiful tune.

~

CHAPTER SIX
HYPOTHERMIA

~

Over the next few days Megan, Cruz and I became mermaid experts. We spent hours speculating about Lorelei and her possible story. We walked down to the ship several times but had no luck spotting her again. The three of us drew closer, bound by the knowledge of our shocking secret. I fretted about the fact that I alone could hear her and it piqued my curiosity; now I had to find out more about her.
We usually spotted the surfers on our mermaid hunting expeditions, and I couldn’t help searching for Ethan among them. I was more curious about him than ever, but now I had mortifying memories of being plucked from the sea like a drowned rat to dwell on. 
Ethan and Megan had attended lots of classes in common over the years, and I coaxed some information out of her, trying not to be too obvious. I knew she was aware of my interest, but she mercifully stopped teasing me about it so much.
Like me, Ethan had been raised by a single father, and I knew it was foolish, but somehow I felt like I knew something about him, something personal. He lived down by the harbor in a row of apartment houses that looked out over the sea. His father ran a charter boat, taking tourists out fishing, whale watching and on sunset cruises. Ethan was an expert surfer who competed in local surfing competitions and had won many of them. I gathered that he was a hard worker, for in addition to running the market stand on Sundays he managed our landscaping as well as the yards of a few of our neighbors.
I learned that he had seriously dated a popular senior girl last year who’d split up with him when she was accepted into an east coast college. Megan theorized that this had broken his heart, since he hadn’t dated anyone else since then. I kept thinking about the tall mean blonde. She certainly seemed very interested in him.
The more time I spent in Aptos, the more elaborate my oceanic dreams grew. I didn’t tell Megan and Cruz about them because they almost always included Ethan. I began to have dreams we were surfing together, which was about the least likely thing I could imagine myself doing. I was surprised at how quickly thoughts and images of him had wormed their way into my subconscious mind.
I sent my dad a few e-mails informing him I was fine and telling him how much I liked Aptos. I wanted to put his mind at ease while he was working so hard. He wrote back, describing village life and his living situation. It sounded pretty primitive, and I had to admit I was glad that he’d sent me to live with Abby and Cruz. The now familiar smells and sounds of the ocean agreed with me, and my morning beachcombing had become a pleasant routine; I was starting to feel like I had lived here forever—like I belonged.
I slept in on the last day of freedom before school was scheduled to begin, rising late to a bright sunny Sunday morning. I peered out my window to see Abby practicing yoga in the garden. It looked like a nice day to be outside. I dressed and went to the kitchen for some breakfast.
“Hey sunshine, wanna go to the farmers market this morning?” Abby said cheerfully, bursting in through the back door.
“No thanks,” I answered, shy about the prospect of coming face to face with Ethan. The last time I had seen him I was puking my guts out and fainting. I flushed with shame when I thought about it.
“You could thank Ethan for saving your life,” she said slyly. She did have a point about gratitude.
“Would you do it for me? I mean, just tell him I really appreciated his help,” I pleaded, looking up from my cereal. “He must think I’m such an idiot.”
“Marina, you didn’t see how worried he was when he brought you home,” she scolded me. When she looked into my stricken eyes she softened, “Don’t worry honey, I’ll let him know.”
After Abby left I cleaned up the kitchen and wandered out to the beach. Cruz was working and Megan was back-to-school shopping with her mom. I was on my own.
The beach was always crowded on Sundays, and since this was the last day before school started it was particularly busy. I picked my way through the umbrellas and beach towels crowding the dry sand, wrinkling my nose at the mingled aromas of suntan lotion and cigarette smoke. People playing with Frisbees shared the wet sand with headphone wearing joggers. Dogs splashed into the surf to retrieve sticks, bounding out of the ocean to shake off great arching sprays of cold water, rudely drenching unsuspecting sun-worshipers.
I walked through a chorus of blasting boom boxes and past little tribes of children building sand castles at the water’s edge. I smiled, watching them doggedly trying to dig holes to China before finally giving up and filling them with water brought from the sea in colorful plastic buckets.
Heading out towards the ship, I watched a couple of families strolling on the pier and taking pictures of each other leaning against the railings. The last thing I expected to see was Lorelei. Considering her shyness, I knew she wouldn’t be hanging around the ruins on such a busy day.
I was wrong.
When I wandered to the fence and looked down, her head popped up immediately.
“Lorelei!” I blurted out in shock.
She laughed, and it sounded like wind chimes. I looked around, but no one else had noticed her. I scooted to the edge of the chain link and glanced over my shoulder.
“Marina!” she called with a brilliant smile.
“We need to talk,” I stage whispered. She looked over at the edge of the fence.
“Come over here,” she said, with a beckoning wave.
“They’ll see me,” I said, looking behind me to see more and more people coming down the stairs towards us. She smiled, and swimming over to a bobbing sea lion, she whispered something into its ear. 
Suddenly the sea lions all disappeared underwater. A few seconds later there was a barking commotion on the opposite side of the boat, and all of the people ran across the deck to get a look at what was going on. I could see them pointing and laughing at whatever the sea lions were doing. No one looked in our direction.
Sheesh, she can talk to animals, I thought. She gestured for me to come around the fence, which extended out over the water to prevent just that. I set my bag down on the deck, and looked around again.
Gathering my courage, I clung onto the wire, slipping the toes of my ballet flats into the links step by step. The sea lion commotion continued as I slowly picked my way around the fence. For a split second it occurred to me that this was a really dumb idea, but curiosity triumphed over rationality and I kept going. Once I had maneuvered around and climbed down onto a concrete chunk she swam close.
“Come!” she said, beckoning me into the water.
“But I can’t swim!” I exclaimed.
“I can swim for you,” she said, and before I could protest she scooped me up like Ethan had and flung us into the surf. The water was shockingly cold, and we stayed under for much too long. When we surfaced I was gasping for air. We had cleared the boat by a good fifty yards and were further out to sea than even the surfers went.
“I know a place we can go,” she said, and with a tight grip on me dove under again. My mind raced. I had read legends of mermaids who maliciously drowned humans. I knew I was going to die and they would probably chalk it up to another sleeper wave. Ethan would really think I was an idiot. I thought of how sad my father would be. We broke through the surface again.
“Stop!” I managed to gasp before we went under again. 
Now I was really afraid. I tried to pry her hands off of me but the glacial water was rushing by so quickly that I could barely move. I held my breath as long as I could and just as the dizziness set in we broke through the surface. She grinned at me, and then noticing my terrified expression, paused.
“I... I need to breathe,” I gasped, “Air,” I added.
She smiled again, wild and beautiful. “I know,” she said, and dove underwater with me. This time she came up a bit sooner.
“Wait!” I screeched, “I need to breathe more often!!!”
“Oh,” she said, and then held me above the surface as we sped along. With each powerful stroke of her fin we were propelled at least twenty feet. I was so frozen with cold I couldn’t protest. We finally reached a buoy, floating far, far from shore.
I grabbed onto the buoy while she hovered next to it, treading water with her powerful fin. There was an odd collection of objects draped and tied onto it. I recognized scissors, golf balls and an old hairless baby doll. The binoculars I had given Lorelei were dangling there, along with my soggy leather jacket.
The buoy looked like a piece of modern art I saw at a museum once. My vision doubled and I began to have trouble focusing.
“Let’s talk,” Lorelei said, giddily happy.
My body was involuntarily shuddering and my teeth were chattering uncontrollably, but I managed to get out, “L-L-Lorelei, I’m t-too cold. M-must g-go back.”
“But the wave riders stay in the water a long time...” she pouted, disappointed.
“T-they have w-wet suits to k-keep them warm,” I said through gritted teeth. She looked puzzled. “T-the black s-suits.”
“Oh,” she said, crestfallen. I hoped she understood.
“P-P-please take me back ... Now.”
She looked disappointed, and taking me by the waist again, started to swim back to shore. I couldn’t feel my legs anymore and a pleasant warmth crept through my body. I stopped shivering.
“Lorelei...”
“Yes,” she replied, swimming without the slightest evidence of exertion.
“Why did you call me sisthter?” I asked, slurring my words. My vision was starting to blacken at the edges.
She paused for a moment, and then answered, “You were born of one like us.” She smiled, “And so you are a sister.” The blackness descended upon me totally.
~
I was happily swimming in a turquoise ocean, surrounded by dolphins that were leaping and twirling all around me in the water. I skimmed across the ocean floor, past the broken columns of an ancient civilization. When I surfaced, the warm rays of the sun washed over me ...
~
I woke up alone in a hospital room. I sucked in a deep breath, blinked and craned my neck to look around. I had a splitting headache, and my whole body felt weak and tired. I raised my left arm and saw that there were tubes taped on the back of my hand leading to a bag of fluid on a metal stand. I felt nauseous. 
A sudden wave of clarity swept over me. The water, the buoy, and Lorelei’s face flashed through my mind as I started to come to my senses. My last memory was of ... Oh ... My ... God! I froze for a moment, trying to remember to breathe, fighting back the sickness.
The door opened and Abby walked in. She looked tired and distressed. When she saw my eyes were open she rushed over to my side.
“Oh Marina, are you awake?” she asked with a quavering voice.
“Yes, I’m fine,” I lied. I forced a weak smile, wanting to make her feel better. She perched on the edge of the bed and studied my face.
“Tell me what happened,” she said somberly, her eyes full of pain. I thought fast, and came up with an excuse.
“I was leaning over the side of the ship … to—to look at some sea lions. I must have lost my balance.” She wasn’t buying it. “I’m not a swimmer,” I added lamely.
“Marina.” She drew a deep breath. “Are you unhappy here?” She looked like she was going to cry.
“Oh, Abby, you know I love it here!” I said, sitting up in bed and hugging her. She smiled tremulously, and I could tell she knew I was being truthful. Just then Cruz came through the door, followed by Megan.
“Hi guys,” I waved my right hand, afraid to even look at the tubes coming out of the other one.
“I’ll be right back—I need to go see the doctor,” Abby kissed my cheek and left.
“What the hell happened?” asked Cruz.
“Did she do this?” asked Megan, her eyes blazing fiercely. They sat on either side of me and I told them everything I remembered, except the last little bit. I wasn’t ready to share it.
“You know, they drown sailors on purpose,” Megan said, her voice tight with indignation. Her cynical nature made her suspect the worst and she was angry. I was touched that she cared so much.
“No, no,” I protested, patting her hand. “It was like she forgot, or she simply didn’t know. She’s kind of like a little kid, honestly...”
“Are you okay?” asked Cruz.
“I’m alive,” I said, wincing at the splitting pain in my head when I focused my eyes.
“You’re lucky,” Megan intoned ominously.
I rolled my eyes at her, eliciting a fresh wave of head-pounding agony. “Anyway, what happened after that—how did I get here?”
Cruz explained that some beach goers found me lying on the sand with blue lips. “They freaked out, thinking you were dead,” he said solemnly. “A nurse came by and realized you still had a pulse so they rushed you here in an ambulance.” He swallowed hard. “Mom was so worried when you didn’t make it home she had everyone she knew out looking for you.”
“Even Ethan was out looking,” Megan added meaningfully.
Cruz went on to tell me how I was near death, well under ninety degrees, when they received me. “They thought you were a goner.” 
I groaned. “Your mom thinks I tried to kill myself.”
Megan went on to explain that they’d found my bag at the end of the cement ship and thought that I must have jumped. Worst of all, I’d been out of it for well over twenty-four hours and we’d all missed the first day of school. It was the talk of the town.
Abby hurried back into the room, a bespectacled snowy haired physician in tow.
“Well, young lady, you sure had us worried,” said the doctor with false cheeriness.
I smiled reassuringly, fully aware that they were watching me for signs of suicidal tendencies.
“Thank you so much for all of your help,” I said brightly. “I can’t believe how clumsy I am!”
“You’re very lucky they brought you here in time,” he admonished me.
I looked at him with limpid eyes. “You saved my life,” I said breathily, remembering how Evie laid on the charm when she really wanted something from someone. To my amazement it worked.
“It’s all in a day’s work, my dear,” he said, puffing up with self-importance.
 Abby and the doctor seemed reasonably satisfied with my performance. They herded Megan and Cruz out the door and explained that I would be staying another day or two for “observation”. It had been arranged for me to start school the following Monday, giving me a full week to recover. The doctor bustled out, leaving me alone with Abby.
“Please, please don’t tell dad,” I begged her.
“I can’t promise that,” she said. “But I’ll let you call and tell him what happened.”
“Fair enough,” I replied.
She wanted to stay the night but I told her she should go home. I was suddenly weary and wanted to be left alone. Abby reluctantly agreed, promising she’d be back first thing in the morning. She kissed me again on both cheeks and left.
I really was tired, and I rolled over on my side, turning away from the door, finally alone to face the truth. Unbidden tears stung my eyes and rolled down my cheeks as I recalled what Lorelei had said about my mother. How else could I understand Lorelei when Megan and Cruz couldn’t? According to Lorelei, the mother I had so often wondered about was one of them—a mermaid. Just thinking it made me feel faint, but somehow I knew without a doubt that it was the truth.
In my research, I’d found many tales of mermaids who’d fallen in love with handsome young men. They gave up their lives in the ocean and split their tails apart in searing agony to be with their lovers, who often disappointed them. Could I be the product of such a union?
The crushing sorrow that overcame me was utterly devastating. I was in a strange bed, completely alone, my body racked with involuntary sobs. I mourned for my mother, and for my father who couldn’t even bear to think about her. 
I was completely lost in my grief for the things that I had never had when I felt a hand on my back.
Startled, I sat bolt upright and turned to look into Ethan’s worried blue eyes. I couldn’t run and I didn’t know what to say, so I twisted around and lay back down, gasping for air like a fish out of water.
“Marina,” he said haltingly, “I know sometimes it feels hopeless...” his voice was gentle, “and you think that you’ll never feel happy ever again, and I—I just want you to know that you can always talk to me. I understand how–”
“Stop!” I blurted out, horrified. “I did not try to ... hurt myself.” I sat back up and looked at him, wiping my eyes.
He just stood there at my bedside, looking down at me.
“Look,” I said firmly, “I’m just a stupid idiotic girl who can’t swim. Nothing more. I’m only upset about some family issues.” I stared back at him directly. “It’s personal. Period.” He looked surprised, and backed up a few steps.
“I’m sorry, I was just...” he turned to leave, looking back to say, “I’ll see you at school.” I watched him retreat, listening as his footsteps faded off into the distance.

Alone again, I turned my face into the pillow and cried myself to sleep.

~

CHAPTER SEVEN
LUE KHANG

~

Abby showed up at the hospital early the next morning. She brought me my phone and made me promise to call Dad. She was relieved that I looked more alert after a good night’s sleep, and I really did feel much better—I was starting to come to terms with my bizarre situation. 
We met with the doctor, and after a little more eyelash batting on my part, he agreed that I could be released by the end of the day. Abby left me a few books and some fresh fruit, and set out for the yoga studio.
I called my father, explaining that I was in the hospital after an accidental fall from the pier, leaving out just a few details. He was horrified, and swore bitterly that he should have sent me to a boarding school. 
“It was only a stupid mistake,” I said, promising I’d be more careful. “It won’t happen again.”
He made me agree to take swimming lessons, blaming himself for my lack of skills. I wanted to ask him about my mother, but I simply could not find the words.
“How’s your research going?” I asked, eager to change the subject.
Listening to him speak I could tell he was filled with optimism. It made me miss him terribly, nostalgic for a childhood spent watching him immersed in his work. Perhaps he didn’t want to paint too pretty a picture, for he was quick to point out how harsh life was there, particularly for the women.
“If we can improve their lives, maybe they’ll consider educating their daughters,” he said. “They’re just so terribly poor.”
“I miss you dad,” was all I could say.
“I’ll be back before you know it,” he replied.
After school, Cruz and Megan arrived with giant greasy hamburgers and shakes from the local burger spot. They were full of good humor and jokes about hospital food, and it was a relief to be around people who didn’t treat me like I was made of glass. I scarfed down a burger and we speculated about how horrified Abby would be.
“She would think we were murdering the poor cows,” Cruz griped.
Megan daintily wiped the sides of her mouth and proclaimed, “It’s an interesting paradox, because if we didn’t eat cows there would be no cows. Man only breeds them to suit his desire.” She paused, looking up thoughtfully. “We must eat the cows to save the cows,” she said with mock seriousness.
“What about the bulls?” I asked.
“She’s full of bull!” said Cruz, his mouth full. 
We laughed at each other, and as I finished eating Megan and Cruz bantered back and forth, joking about my misadventure. I almost choked on my milkshake listening to the two of them. Spending time with Cruz and Megan was the best medicine; I could feel my strength return as they made goofy jokes and bad puns about mermaids, raising my spirits. 
I pushed Lorelei’s disturbing words into the back of my mind—I would be home on my own for an entire week, and there would be plenty of time to try and find out more.
They told me what went on at school, about how all the kids were gossiping about “that girl” who nearly drowned twice. Apparently, some of the surfers who had seen Ethan pull me out of the ocean were spreading rumors about me.
“I guess they jumped to conclusions,” Megan smirked.
“That’s not funny!” said Cruz, laughing anyway as Megan pantomimed a drum roll.
“Oh God,” I moaned sarcastically, “Now I really can’t wait to start school on Monday.”
“In all seriousness, I think we have bigger fish to fry,” said Cruz, “You need to stay away from that mermaid.” He shook his head incredulously. “I can’t believe those words just came out of my mouth.”
Megan and I laughed at the expression on Cruz’s face but he was serious.
“You nearly died, Marina. I don’t think that’s a laughing matter.”
“Yeah, you might not be so lucky next time,” said Megan darkly.
“I still want to find out more.” I tossed my head defiantly. “She didn’t try to hurt me on purpose—There must be a safe way I can talk with her again.”
“Are you nuts?” asked Cruz, exasperated.
“You don’t know the half of it,” I said, thinking about Lorelei’s words.
“You’d have to be crazy to go anywhere near her!” Megan gasped.
“Don’t worry about me, I’ll be fine,” I said with conviction, and I truly believed it. Even after my near death experience I still wasn’t afraid of Lorelei. She was the only one I knew who could tell me more about my mother—the only one I wasn’t afraid to ask. 
Besides, I told myself, she might actually be part of my family and she deserved the benefit of the doubt. I was somehow certain she wouldn’t hurt me ... at least not intentionally. I simply needed to be a little more careful.
I thought about how effortlessly she had propelled me through the water, and remembering how strong she was sent a chill down my spine. It ended right where my tail would have started if I were one of them. Cruz and Megan got up to leave.
“Could you please take the evidence?” I asked, gesturing towards the paper sack and burger wrappers.
“Sure. You look better already with some meat in you,” said Megan, and Cruz almost fell over in hysterics. I could hear him teasing Megan all the way down the hall.
Later that afternoon Abby arrived to pick me up. We checked out at the nurse’s station and I was forced to ride down the elevator seated in a wheelchair. I felt like an even bigger fool than ever and was thankful that no one from the high school was around to witness the spectacle. I told Abby that I promised Dad I’d take swimming lessons and she seemed relieved to hear that he wasn’t angry.
I told her that I’d prefer to swim in the sea because I couldn’t stand the chemical smell and taste of chlorine. I actually liked the silky feel of the saltwater, at least when I wasn’t choking on it. Abby agreed that I should learn to swim in the ocean, since I didn’t just nearly drown in a swimming pool. We made plans to shop for a secondhand wetsuit at the local flea market.
Abby kept a watchful eye on me, so I avoided the beach for the rest of the week. She took me along with her to the yoga studio, and I joined in on her classes or sat and read quietly in the corner. On Sunday morning she insisted that I go with her to the farmer’s market and I didn’t argue. I was going to have to show my face in public sometime, and I might as well get it over with.
Aunt Evie always said it was better to be over-dressed than underdressed so I was determined to put my best foot forward and hold my head up high. If I did happen to run into any gossiping high schoolers I was going to look put together.
Flipping through the hangers I chose the stunning turquoise dress Evie had given me the day I came to Aptos. I slipped on a pair of glorious new golden sandals with delicate woven straps that circled my ankles. I studied my reflection in the mirror and saw that Evie had chosen well again. I put on some liner to enhance my eyes, fluffed up my hair and stood up straight. I looked like an older and more confident version of me. I decided to call Evie later to catch up.
We got to the market and spent some time strolling around outdoors in the bright sunshine. My spirits lifted, and I began to feel better about everything. Abby said she had some business with Ethan and that she’d find me later. I was happy to skip that stand, feeling more embarrassed than ever after our exchange in the hospital. I realized that he was just trying to be nice, but knowing he thought I was suicidal aggravated me.
I wandered around, smelling the flowers, pinching the herbs and picking out the most delicious ripe summer fruit. I came to the stand with all the Asian vegetables and stopped to inspect the unusual variety. I recognized baby bok choy, long asparagus beans and some funny little white eggplants. I sniffed at some unfamiliar herbs, thinking Abby might enjoy trying some new ingredients. A figure came from around the back of the stand and I glanced up into a familiar wizened old face.
“Hello Lue Khang,” I said with a friendly smile. “Did you grow all of this?”
He nodded, pointing up to a sign that read “Khang Farms” dangling from the awning.
“I haven’t seen some of this stuff in a long time.” 
“Ah. You like this? Come, come.” He beckoned for me to follow him behind the stand and I trailed after him, curious. There was a small umbrella table with some chairs where couple of market workers were seated, taking a lunch break. A panel truck stacked with crates and boxes of produce had a hot-plate sitting on the tailgate that held a pot of something that smelled heavenly. I realized that I had skipped breakfast that morning and was hungry.  
“You try my fish soup,” ordered Lue with a gracious smile. “Special family recipe.”
“Okay.” I nodded eagerly. “Thank you.” He ladled each of us a bowl, and taking them in his gnarled hands, gestured for me to follow him out to the table. I decided to ask him what he knew about Lorelei.
As we rounded the corner I recognized the men at the table. It was Ethan, along with a tall good looking boy I had seen surfing along with him. Great, I thought, fighting to keep my composure as my pulse started racing.
“Sit down,” Lue commanded as he pulled out a chair for me. There was nothing to do but comply.
“My grandson, Long,” gestured Lue, “and my best worker, Ethan.” 
They both looked surprised as I carefully slid into the chair. I would imagine that I was the last person Ethan expected to see as he sat down to lunch, and I almost felt sorry for startling him.
“This is my good friend Marina,” Lue said, “She’s a lucky water girl.”
Ethan’s jaw dropped and I felt my cheeks flush with blood. I noticed how he pulled back and sat up straight in his chair, regarding me intently.
“How do you know my Grand-pop?” asked Long, bewildered.
“She brings luck to the fishermen,” Lue said, gesturing to the soup. He turned and winked at me as I squirmed in my chair.
“She’s a water girl alright, but I don’t know how lucky she is!” joked Long, looking at Ethan and laughing. Ethan didn’t look amused.
Lue snapped something at his grandson in a language I didn’t understand and Long excused himself, looking down as he skulked away.
Lue turned to Ethan. “She has strong water spirits in her. They call to her.” Ethan stared at me curiously, making me even more uncomfortable. Lue looked at me and ordered, “Eat!” I tasted the soup and it was wonderful, fragrant with lemon grass and herbs.
“It’s delicious. It reminds me of a dish I had at a market very much like this ... only it was on a river ... and I was on a boat.” I was thinking about the time my dad and I visited a floating market.
Lue looked surprised, “Where?”
“A place called Pattaya,” I replied.
“I know it,” he said, and it was his turn to be surprised. “You been to Thailand?”  
“Yes,” I spoke between spoonfuls, “I lived in Mukdahan province with my father for a season, but we took a few little trips around the country sometimes.”
“What does your father do in Thailand?” asked Lue.
“He’s an agronomist. We were there testing new strains of rice he developed for hardiness and disease resistance ... he nearly doubled their yields,” I stopped myself, not wanting to blather on with all the agricultural jargon I was used to hearing. They both seemed interested, and when I thought about it, I realized that Lue would probably have a lot in common with my dad. Ethan was still openly staring.
“Are you Thai?” I asked Lue, trying to avoid those eyes.
“Lue is Hmong,” Ethan jumped in, forcing me to look over at him. “He was in a refugee camp in Thailand for a while before he could bring his family here.” He nodded towards Lue with admiration, “He worked with the Americans in Vietnam.”
“And you work for him too?” I asked.
He nodded, “I work for the family at their farm, and also at their stands here,” said Ethan. He really was a hard worker, I realized, impressed.
“Ethan has strong earth spirits,” Lue announced matter of factly.
My phone rang and I fished it out of my bag. It was Abby looking for me.
“I’d better go,” I said, and stood up to leave. I turned to Lue and said, “kob kun ka”, thanking him in Thai. I stood up and bowed. He chuckled, pleased.
“Oh, um, Ethan,” I added, “Abby was looking for you earlier.”
“She found me before I took my break,” he said. “She hired me to teach you to swim.”
Now it was my turn to look surprised. Ethan just smiled.
“Ah, very good match,” mused Lue, looking shrewdly between Ethan and me. “Earth and water.” I spun on my heel and hurried away.
I met up with Abby, grumbling, “I ran into Ethan—you could have told me what you were going to ask him!”
She smiled placidly. “You would have just tried to talk me out of it.”
“I know I agreed to lessons, but why did you have to go to him?” I asked, “It’s so embarrassing after what happened.”
“Who better?” said Abby. “He knows his way around the ocean, and at least I already know that he won’t let you drown!”
When we got home I went to my room and called Evie, catching up on all her latest adventures. I told her a little about Aptos and how much I liked staying with my aunt and cousin. I avoided all the bad things that had happened; Evie tended to blow every little thing completely out of proportion. The last think I wanted to do was give her something real to over—dramatize. She kept asking me about boys and I kept changing the subject.
I told her that Cruz was a talented designer, and all about Megan and her wonderful voice. She said she would love to meet them someday. I thanked her again for the great summer clothes and went into detail about how well they fit and how much I liked each one.
“Marina,” Evie said suspiciously, “I feel like you’re keeping something from me...”
“Aunt Evie! I haven’t even started school yet!”
“I know,” she said, “but you’re hiding something. I can tell.”
“OK,” I sighed, throwing her a bone, “There might be a boy.”
Triumphant, she cried, “I knew it! Spill the beans. Is he cute?”
“Very.” 
I ended up telling her about Ethan, and how I was going to take swimming lessons from him. I mentioned that he was a surfer, and that it might be fun to learn how to surf when I improved my swimming skills.
“Ooh, what swimsuit will you wear?” she asked enthusiastically.
“None, Evie, I have to get a wetsuit. The water in Aptos is around fifty degrees.” Goosebumps rose on my arms as I thought about my bitterly cold trip out to the buoy.
“Well, be sure to wear a pretty one!” she said.
“Abby’s taking me to look for a used one at the flea market.”
“Don’t say ‘flea’, dear,” Evie said with disgust. I laughed at her prissiness. We said our goodbyes and I promised to call her back and tell her how my lessons went.
I had a hard time getting to sleep that night, and spent a long time tossing and turning in the sheets. I couldn’t stop fidgeting, and my mind was racing, anxious about school the next morning. Charlie didn’t appreciate my restlessness and left the room, disgruntled. 
It was a rare fogless night, and I could see the glowing full moon clearly through my bedroom window. I lost all track of time, lying there sleepless, studying the moon. I looked at the dark areas that early astronomers mistook for bodies of water. Mare, they called them, after the Latin word for sea. That was the root of my own name, I thought. Could that have anything to do with my mother? I had to find a way to talk with Lorelei again. I finally fell into a fitful sleep, clouded with murky dreams.
~
I was crouching on a surfboard, gliding along with the surge of the sea. I felt at one with the ocean, and there was no doubt that it was where I belonged. The powerful force of the water moved through me as I clung to the side of a tremendous wave. I skimmed my fingers along a solid wall of water and laughed out loud.

~

CHAPTER EIGHT
HIGH SCHOOL

~

I was too nervous to eat breakfast the next morning, but Abby had gone to the effort to cook so I picked at the tofu scramble to please her.
“You’ll probably love high school,” she chirped, her tone overly cheerful.
“Did you?” I asked, trying not to sound too cynical.
“We-ell, not so much,” she admitted with a forced grin. “But I did make some really good friends there,” she added. Abby always managed to put a positive spin on everything.
Cruz made his way into the kitchen, grumbling. He had taken pains with his hair, lined his eyes, and painted his fingernails black. I thought he looked really beautiful in a dark, androgynous way. My guess was that he had adopted a rebellious stance to cover up his deep-seated feelings of alienation. At least that’s what Evie would say, psychoanalysis being one of her many hobbies.
Abby believed in allowing Cruz to express himself freely, but she confided in me that she thought his style made the teasing at school worse. It pained her to see him unhappy, and she wished he would try and fit in a little bit more. Still, she was proud of his obvious talent as a designer, and often pointed out that once you made it through high school, life invariably became easier.
I had taken a different approach, and did my level best to blend in. Evie always dressed me much more extravagantly than most kids my age, but today I really didn’t want to stand out. I went through my wardrobe and tried to pick out the standard teen costume from all the high fashion pieces. I settled on jeans, the simplest, least embellished shirt I could find, and ballet flats. I didn’t have a backpack, but I picked out a roomy tote for my books and school supplies. I thought I did alright, given what I had to work with.
When we got to school Cruz walked me over to the office to meet with a counselor for orientation. I was new, and I had already missed a full week. Off to a great start, I thought bitterly. 
Aptos High wasn’t a very big school, and rumors of my supposed flying leap off the end of the pier had obviously trickled throughout the entire student body. I could feel curious eyes on me from all sides. I channeled my inner Evie, held my head high and pretended not to notice.
“See you in class,” said Cruz, patting my back as he dropped me off.
“You must be Marina Vanderpool,” said the woman behind the desk. “Mrs. Owens is expecting you, second door on the right.”
When I entered her office Mrs. Owens peered up at me from behind thick, round glasses. “Well, well,” she said, studying me critically, “have a seat.” She reminded me of a goldfish in a bowl, the kind with the popped-out eyes. “You certainly don’t look at all like your cousin.”
I didn’t like her tone.
“Pleased to meet you,” I said, and extended my hand with excessive formality.
She shook it perfunctorily and went on, “Reviewing your transcripts, I don’t think you’ll have any trouble getting up to speed. On the contrary,” she said, raking me over with a gimlet eye. “Your studies seem to be quite advanced.”
“I was hoping to have the same schedule as Cruz,” I said, “I have no experience attending a daily school and I wanted the transition to be–”
“Cruz,” she said unpleasantly, “Is not someone you want to emulate.”
“Really? In what way?” I asked, challenging her.
She smiled condescendingly. “Why, his poor grades, of course. But I don’t think that will be a problem here, given the high caliber of your prior schooling.”
I had expected this. The private tutors I’d studied with had put me beyond American high school level in most areas. Traveling with my father was an education in itself, and I’d read so many of the classics that there wasn’t one book on the text syllabus that I didn’t already know. But I really wasn’t here to be educated, at least not academically—Evie and my father had made that perfectly clear.
Dad and I both knew I’d be phoning it in curriculum-wise, but ultimately I was supposed to have a so-called “normal” high school social experience. I’d always blindly obeyed my father, trusting that he had my best interests at heart. But now I’d come to the realization that there were things about him I didn’t know, he could be terribly wrong, and I suspected that he was seriously misguided in sending me here.
I wished I had a license and a car so I could just simply drive away from my troubles. High school wasn’t looking too appealing so far, but I smiled sweetly at the beady-eyed old bat.
“I’d really feel most comfortable in the same classes with my cousin. Perhaps you’d like to speak to my father.”
That did it. She knew my father held an endowed chair on the faculty of one of most prestigious universities in the nation. Among the educator class that was pulling rank.
“Have it your way,” she said with a little twitch of her lips. I was handed a stack of books, assigned a locker, and given a schedule. “You’re late for your first class.” She waved dismissively.
I found my way to first period English and peeked in. There were about twenty five teenagers in rows facing the door and they all looked up at me simultaneously. I spotted Cruz sitting in the back and he waved at me. The teacher looked up.
“Marina Vanderpool?” she asked, apparently expecting me. “Come in and take a seat. I’ll need to speak with you after class about make-up work.” I could feel twenty five pairs of eyes follow me to the back of the room, where Cruz was sitting at an empty row. I plunked down next to him and he squeezed my hand reassuringly.
The rest of the first day went pretty smoothly. Cruz and I had all of our morning classes in common and we stuck together until lunch. We met up with Megan and took a table in the lunchroom. No one joined us, and pretty soon it became apparent to me that Cruz and Megan were social outcasts. I was mildly outraged by the stupidity of this, but at the same time I was relieved that we were left alone to talk about our little secret. We sat laughing and joking like we were at home on the couch. At least lunchtime would be a good part of my school day.
I spotted Ethan sitting at a table of surfers and their girlfriends. The girls all seemed to be giggling and tossing their hair theatrically, trying to be the center of attention. The blonde was sitting next to him, and I could see her glowering in our direction. Ethan kept looking over at us and it made me nervous. I switched seats so I didn’t have to face him.
We hadn’t talked about the swim lessons yet, and I was uneasy, wondering what he must think about me after our encounter in the hospital. I suspected he pitied me, and it grated away at my pride. I wanted to tell him to forget it, but I knew he felt obligated because he worked for Abby, and I was afraid to approach him.
I was also unusually curious about what he was really like, and inspected his behavior surreptitiously, trying to decipher him. He didn’t seem at all interested in his appearance, although everyone else clearly was. I noticed that he dressed plainly in inexpensive casual clothes. He was never sloppy, but always sported the same well-worn jeans, plain shirts and sweats. He was such a gorgeous specimen he would look good in a burlap sack ... or nothing, I thought, feeling a flush of blood rush to my cheeks.
I turned to look again and met his eyes, glad he couldn’t read my mind. There was something about him that I liked, a seriousness that the other high school kids lacked. He seemed to move about with purpose, like he was always thinking ahead, operating on a strictly ordered schedule. Disciplined.
I noticed that everyone else at his table also seemed to be eyeballing us, and I wondered exactly what they knew about me. I figured that wildly exaggerated rumors about my watery mishaps were flying.
“It’s only ’cause you’re new,” Megan said with a sympathetic look. “They’ll move on to something else soon enough.”
“I don’t care,” I said, holding my head high. I reminded myself out loud, “None of these people matter to me at all.”
Later in the day we had electives. I had chosen an art class and Cruz was taking Spanish so we parted ways for the day.
“See you after school,” Cruz said.
I got to class early, and had a chance to meet the teacher, Mr. Briggs. The art room was large and bright, with easels on one side, and a cluster of tables on the other. I liked the teacher, and the comforting smells of paint and turpentine made me feel right at home. I realized that I missed the art studio in my San Francisco apartment with a little twinge of sorrow. I surveyed the room and took a table in the back.
A familiar voice made me look up to see Ethan walking in, followed by a couple of girls. He didn’t seem at all surprised to see me, making a bee line over to my table to sit down next to me. The girls were taken aback, and took the two opposite chairs, facing us.
“Hi Marina,” said Ethan nonchalantly. The girls just stared. “Marina, this is Heather and Jamie,” he said, gesturing towards them.
“Hello.” I nodded pleasantly. “Nice to meet you.”
“Yeah, hi,” said Jamie. Heather just looked at me.
Mr. Briggs took roll call, introducing me as a very talented new student joining the class.
I thought he must be an optimist, not having seen my work. He announced that we’d be drawing the still life that was set up at the far end of the long room, instructing us to choose one of the easels that were arranged in a semi-circle around some fruit baskets and bottles artfully displayed on a table. I tried to dodge Ethan, but he followed me, rushing to claim the easel right next to mine. I thought he must really feel sorry for me. The two girls trailed him like ducklings, I noticed with amusement.
I began to draw, but I was excruciatingly aware of his presence, and I started having a hard time focusing. Frustrated, I closed my eyes, gritted my teeth and imagined he wasn’t there. I had taken art lessons at museums and galleries in the city and I was used to drawing around others. I never had any trouble blocking out distractions before, I thought defiantly.
I studied the subject matter a little too intently, afraid to look over at him, but gradually, I settled into the familiar routine. As the class wore on, Mr. Briggs went around to each pupil murmuring constructive criticism, and that too was soothing. I finally relaxed and got lost in the flow, experiencing the peculiar sense of timelessness that came with total absorption in the process.
I jumped when the bell rang, still not used to the sudden noise. We all tore pages out of our drawing pads and turned them in. There was a scraping of chairs as students gathered up their things and rushed out, but I moved slowly, hoping to leave after Ethan did. The girls maneuvered him out the door, calling to him that they’d be late if he didn’t hurry. He seemed to linger, and finally left, casting an anxious glance back at me as he did. Mr. Briggs came towards me as I zipped up my tote.
“You are a very accomplished artist, Marina,” he said with a friendly smile. “Ethan was right. He told me I could expect a lot from you when he transferred into this class last week.”
~
The first week of school went by at a snail’s pace. I felt trapped, and started to plan my escape, considering how to persuade my father into letting me enroll in an on-line school. I wondered what he would say if I told him I had spoken to a mermaid, much less questioned him about what she had told me. Asking about my mother pretty much got me anything I wanted, but it came at the terrible price of seeing that familiar pained look on his face. I was more afraid of confronting my father than I was of seeking out Lorelei again.
The stares and whispers continued, and I got the sense that everyone was trying to figure me out, frustrated by their failure to categorize me. I arranged my face in a studied mask of indifference and went about my days ignoring everyone except Megan and Cruz. A few boys tried to catch my eye or strike up conversations but my distant nature and choice of friends put them off. Good, I thought, anyone who didn’t appreciate Megan and Cruz wasn’t worth knowing.
Friday after lunch I was digging art supplies out of my locker when Heather approached me. I looked up, surprised. She was friends with Shayla, the mean blonde girl, and rarely even acknowledged me in art class. I had never once spoken to Shayla, though our paths crossed frequently. The open hostility she displayed towards Cruz and Megan made it clear that she wasn’t interested in being friendly with any of us.
“Nice shoes,” Heather said, eying my flats. “Are those really Prada? And is that a real Chanel bag?”
“Yes,” I smiled brightly, pleased that someone spoke fashion. Evie’s obsession with designers might just be the bridge to some common ground with these girls.
“Are you like, rich or something?” she asked.
“No,” I laughed, shaking my head, “Not at all. My aunt buys me things she likes.”
“You mean Cruz’s mom? That stupid hippy? She doesn’t even drive a decent car!” she said with scorn. My eyes flew open wide and I turned to look at her with outrage. I had to fight a strong urge to smash her head into the locker. At that moment, Ethan walked up and stopped in his tracks, surprised by the look on my face. I don’t know what came over me, but I turned away from him.
“Excuse us,” I said through gritted teeth. I grabbed Heather’s arm tightly and steered her around the corner.
“If you ever … talk ... about Abby that way again...” my voice shook with anger. I took a deep breath, “I will pull every hair out of your head.” Heather stared at me like a deer caught in the headlights. I let go of her arm and she scurried away. I wheeled around and ran smack into Ethan.
He looked down into my blazing eyes with amusement.
“Wow,” he said. “Remind me to never make you angry.”
I went back to my locker and collected my things. When I slammed the door shut Ethan was leaning there, staring at me. His dark blue eyes drilled into mine.
“What did she say about Abby?” he asked.
“Why don’t you ask her?” I hissed, my voice dripping with acid. 
Ethan walked alongside me to art class, casting sideways glances my way. I was practicing the deep calming breaths that Abby had taught me in yoga class. I couldn’t remember ever feeling so angry, and my sudden violent thoughts frightened me. I wondered if my mother had a temper, because my father rarely even raised his voice. I felt like something dangerous was welling up within me, something wild and out of control.
When we got to art class I scanned the room for a seat as far away from Heather as I could find. I took the last empty spot at a table with three boys, who all stared at me, dumbstruck. This forced Ethan to sit with Heather and Jamie, who cast triumphant glances at me, smiling smugly.
We were tasked with drawing a mythical creature of our choice, which struck me as highly ironic. I thought about the first time I saw Lorelei rise from the water and started drawing feverishly. Her image came to me with with crystal clarity, and I remembered the surge of shock that brought me to my knees. I lost myself in that memory, drowning out all the chatter in the room. The sounds of the class became like the roar of the surf to me, and when the teacher called for us to stop I looked up, disoriented and dazed.
I could hear the boys snickering as they looked over at my drawing and was suddenly mortified. I had captured Lorelei perfectly, and the expression she wore took me right back to that day. The only problem was that she was bare breasted, and she happened to look almost exactly like me. I quickly slammed the drawing pad shut, holding it to my chest. Mr. Briggs came around to collect the art, which he routinely posted on the classroom walls for a group critique. I refused to hand it over.
“Now Marina,” he said. “We are all our own worst critics.” He reached out his hand for the pad. I looked around and saw everyone watching, surprised because now they knew how well I could draw. The boys at the table started laughing, and Mr. Briggs looked alarmed. I slowly reached my hand out and passed it over with a pleading look. He flipped it open and studied it briefly. His face was impassive, unreadable. He closed the pad and tucked it under his arm.
“Please see me after class,” he said, and continued down the row of desks. The bell rang and the room was noisy with the bustle of students filing out. I sat at my desk, pretending to arrange the things in my bag, willing the class to clear out quickly. Ethan went out last, standing in the doorway as if to wait for me. 
“Please excuse us,” Mr. Briggs said to him sternly, and he reluctantly turned and left.
Mr. Briggs walked over to me solemnly, “Marina, you are one of the most talented students I’ve ever had the privilege to teach. Your sensibility is remarkable, and your level of sophistication is clear.” He handed me the sketchpad. “This is a beautiful artwork, and in any other venue it would be appropriate.” He smiled reassuringly at my worried face, “Let’s just keep it rated ‘G’ from now on.” He walked towards the door and turned back, “You know, you really ought to consider taking some life drawing classes at the university ... I can give you a recommendation if you’re interested.”
My cheeks flushed with embarrassment. “Thanks, I’ll think about it.” I gathered my things and left the room to find Ethan waiting outside.
“Marina,” he called, rushing to catch up to me as I hurried away.
“What?” I asked, tersely. I really didn’t want to answer any questions about what just happened. After the day I had I really wanted to go home.
“I was wondering if tomorrow would be alright for a swim lesson,” he said, “I work on Sundays.”
“I haven’t had a chance to get a wet suit yet,” I replied, pausing impatiently.
“I think I have one that might fit you,” he said, sizing me up, “from when I was a kid.”
“Well ... Okay I guess,” I couldn’t think of a good reason not to.
I looked up to see Shayla and her friends watching us. The waves of hostility coming from them were palpable.
“I think your groupies are waiting for you,” I said sarcastically. He looked over at them, and back at me with exasperation.
“Do you and Cruz need a ride home?” he asked.
“No thanks, Abby will be here soon.” I turned and quickly stalked away.
“See you Saturday,” he called after me.

~

CHAPTER NINE
SWIM LESSON

~

I was curled up on my side, reading in bed, when I heard a big truck rumble down our street and stop with a whoosh of brakes. A minute later Cruz burst into my room with bright eyes.
“Marina!” he cried excitedly, “There’s a huge truck out front! They said they have a delivery for you!” 
We rushed out to see Abby signing a clipboard as a couple of men wheeled a dolly holding a box the size of a small mattress up the driveway. They deposited it on the porch and left.
“Were you expecting something?” Abby asked, eyeing the enormous package taking up the entire porch.
“No ” I shook my head. “Is it really for me?”
“That’s what it says here.” She read the shipping label. “It’s from a surf shop.”
Cruz and I set about opening the box. Inside was a beautiful woman’s wet suit in my size, along with two surfboards. I could smell Evie all over this one, and I smiled wryly.
“I told Evie about maybe learning to surf ...” I looked over at Cruz, who was checking out the wetsuit.
“Marina, this is really expensive,” he said, impressed. “Look at how well it’s made,” he enthused, admiring the construction. I didn’t know anything at all about wetsuits, but I knew that Evie would only go for the top of the line. It was mostly black with teal insets along the arms and sides. There were separate boots, gloves, and a hood that matched it.
“I guess we don’t need to hunt for a used one now.” Abby looked at me, shaking her head, “Marina, you are one lucky girl.”
“I know,” I said. We pulled out the surfboards and laid them on the porch. There was a big one that was longer and heavier alongside a shorter, thinner board with more fins attached to the bottom.
“We better put those in the backyard,” Abby said. “Why did she send two?” she wondered.
“If she can’t decide on something she always gets one of each,” I said, laughing.
“Must be nice,” said Cruz, as he helped me move the boards around to the side of the house.
“Thanks,” I said, heading back to the porch.
“Marina?” he asked.
I paused. “Yeah?”
“I uhm, overheard some gossip that you got in a fight with Heather today.”
I slumped down and turned to face him. “It wasn’t really a fight,” I grimaced. “It was more like I kinda threatened her ... a little.”
“Oh no you didn’t,” he said teasingly.
“I’m afraid I did,” I said gravely.
“Why?” he asked.
I pressed my lips together, unwilling to repeat her hateful words. “She’s just a nasty piece of work.” I shrugged. “And someone needed to point that out to her.”
Cruz shook his head at me sadly. “They’re all like that—there’s no point in getting them all fired up.”
“What about personal satisfaction?” I winked at him and walked away.
I broke down the giant box, putting it with the recyclables at the side of the house. Gathering up the wetsuit, I headed into my room where I looked over the accessories, trying on the gloves and boots.  I stripped down to my underwear and squirmed to climb into the suit, wrinkling my nose at the strong smell of rubber. It had a zipper up the back that was hard to reach but after a struggle I managed to get it pulled up.
It fit like a glove, and I spun around in the mirror, inspecting the way it clung to my figure. It was a little awkward to move around in, restricting my motions as I rotated my shoulders and stretched. It was so hot in the suit I started getting overheated immediately. I could see how this would help out in the cold water.
I looked in the mirror and a slow grin spread across my face. Now I could go back to see Lorelei! I could find out for sure if what she said was true. Best of all, I might find out more about my mother. The thought was so exciting I nearly jumped for joy.
Instead I called Evie.
“Thank you so much!” I squealed. “I love it!”
“Honey it’s my pleasure,” she said happily.
“But why did you send two surfboards?” I asked.
“The nice young man at the surf shop wanted to know if you used a long board or a short board. I thought you might want to try both so I had him deliver the best one in each size.”
“Evie, you have no idea what this means to me.”
“I wouldn’t dream of letting you go on your date in an ugly old outfit.” 
“It’s magnificent,” I said, “And it’s not a date. It’s a swim lesson.”
“Whatever you say dear, just have fun and remember two words...”
“What?” I asked.
“Waterproof mascara.”
We both burst into laughter.
~
I went to bed that night with an optimistic heart. The next morning the sound of footsteps on gravel woke me. Peeking out my bedroom window, I could see Ethan out in the garden. He was busily working away, raking up fallen leaves and tidying up Abby’s garden before he went to work again teaching me to swim. Did he ever stop?
I got up and searched through my suitcases for the swimsuits that Evie had sent me here with. I knew I’d have to put my wetsuit on at the beach and I had to have something to wear under it. I pulled out the designer suits, each one skimpier than the next. They sure didn’t look like they were made for swimming in. Just holding them up made me feel nervous, imagining Ethan seeing me ... Arghh!
I finally settled on the only one-piece suit in the bag. It was a black Versace with a halter neckline. I tried it on and was relieved to see that it fit. From the front it was fairly covered, although the legs were cut very high. The back plunged scandalously low, and the color made my skin look pale. Lorelei’s sparkling scales flashed across my mind. I threw a pair of jeans and a T-shirt over it and put my hair in a ponytail. Ready as you’ll ever be, I thought.
When I got out to the kitchen Ethan was sitting at the table, having coffee with Abby. They seemed to be pretty well acquainted, and I overheard her asking him about his college plans as I walked in. They stopped talking and looked up.
“Good morning honey bunny!” Abby said with a warm smile.
“Good morning,” I said to both of them. I went over to pour myself a cup of coffee.
“Where are you going to have your lessons?” Abby asked Ethan.
“I was thinking about going out to the dunes,” he said. “The surf is more predictable there, and there’s no rip.”
“That’s a great idea,” she agreed.
“Abby, did you know there are two awesome new boards in your backyard?” he asked.
“Oh yes,” she said with amusement, “Those are Marina’s”
Ethan looked up at me, puzzled. “I thought you weren’t a swimmer.”
“I’m not.” I sat down next to Abby. How do you Explain Evie? “I have this neighbor, but she’s more like family, and I told her I thought surfing looked like fun, and she likes to shop for me, and...” I was babbling.
“She got a big surprise package yesterday,” Abby said helpfully. “Have you had breakfast?” she asked Ethan. Then she turned to me, “You need to eat a good breakfast today. I’ll make a tofu scramble...” She started to get up.
“No thanks!” Ethan and I said simultaneously. Our eyes met and we smiled at each other, trying not to let Abby see.
“Yeah, we should get going,” said Ethan.
“I’ll just grab some fruit,” I said with a cheerful smile. I got up and filled a brown bag with a few peaches and plums.
“Are you sure?” she asked.
“Yes Abby.” I gave her a hug and turned towards Ethan. “Um, Evie sent me a wet suit too. I’ll go get my stuff.”
We headed out to Ethan’s truck and Abby waved goodbye from the porch. “Be careful!” she called out after us. Ethan opened the door for me to climb in.
“It’s not much to look at, but it runs great,” he said. Ethan busied himself tying down his gardening equipment in the truck bed while I looked around. The truck cab looked like he lived in it. There was a box with some clothes and schoolbooks stuffed into it along with a couple of folded beach towels. 
I bent down to wedge my bag under the seat. My ruined sketchbook was there, rippled from getting soaked the day I met Lorelei, and I wondered why he kept it. Ethan climbed in and started the truck. We drove along in a nervous silence.
“How long have you known my Aunt Abby?” I asked.
“Me and Cruz went to elementary school together,” he said, “Abby was always really nice to me when I was a kid.”
I nodded. “She’s probably the nicest person I know.”
“Yeah she’s great,” Ethan said, “I used to spend a lot of time at their house. How come I never met you before?”
“We weren’t around much. My dad travels a lot for his work. He always takes me along ... until this time.”
“Why not this time?”
“He thinks Afghanistan is too dangerous.” I paused for a moment. “But I think he’s being overprotective.”
“I don’t know about that. What’s he doing there?” he asked.
“He’s working to develop cash crops for the people affected by war and the drug trade. I talked to him after ... uh ... recently and he’s pretty excited about the possibilities.”
I told him more about how my father researched new farming techniques and hybridized crops for people all around the world. I explained how he taught and lectured at the university, but preferred working outdoors in the fields, with the sun on his face and his hands in dirt. I felt like I was babbling again but Ethan seemed genuinely interested. He asked pointed questions that kept me talking until we pulled into a secluded parking lot that looked out onto some grassy sand dunes. 
Ethan reached under his seat and pulled out a bakery bag. “Healthy breakfast?” he asked, offering me a doughnut.
“Thanks.” I smiled. “Beats Tofu scramble.” We both laughed.
“Abby’s great, but she’s never been able to cook.”
“Aren’t you not supposed to eat before you swim?” I asked.
“That’s a myth,” he said as we ate. “I wouldn’t go out after a really big meal but a doughnut won’t hurt you. Don’t worry, I wouldn’t let you do anything dangerous.”
“I know,” I said.
We took our bags and hiked down a narrow winding path through the dunes to an empty beach with gently breaking waves. It was a beautiful spot, and the sun started to win its battle with the fog, softly lighting the scene.
“Rule number one,” he said, looking at me, “You’re gonna need some sunscreen.” He laid his towel down on the sand and started to pull his gear out of an army surplus duffel bag. He handed me a tube and told me not to forget the tops of my ears. I felt like a little kid, but had to admit that I hadn’t considered it. I did tend to sunburn. Ethan stripped down to his swim trunks and pulled out his wetsuit. His body was lean and muscular, and I blushed, remembering the first time I saw him.
I spread my towel on the sand and stood there awkwardly. I glanced over to see that he had climbed into his suit and was looking at me expectantly.
“Let’s go,” he said. “Get your suit on.” When it finally dawned on him that I was shy he turned to face the water.
I hurried to slip out of my clothes quickly while he wasn’t looking. I thought about all of the surfer girls running around in bikinis and realized they wouldn’t feel awkward at all. I squirmed into my suit and was struggling with the back zipper when he turned around.
“That’s a nice wetsuit.” He looked it up and down. “Let me get that.” I turned and he zipped up the back. His fingers brushed the base of my neck and it sent a shock wave down my spine.
“Aunt Evie just asked the guy at the shop...” I said nervously.
“I thought she was a neighbor,” he said.
“She likes me to call her aunt,” I explained. “But she’s like everything rolled into one. I never had a mom—I think that’s why she spoils me.”
“You’re lucky to have her,” he said.
“Yeah, I’m lucky,” I said, thinking of how I’d be able to talk to Lorelei soon. I looked into his eyes. “Teach me how to swim in the sea,” I said firmly.
Ethan went over the basic rules first. Never swim alone, and never turn your back on the surf. He explained how to spot a rip current and get out of it by swimming parallel to the shore. He spoke about the ocean with awe and admiration, stressing that you must always respect its power.
We waded into the water, and the only parts of my body that were cold were my hands and feet. This was going to work nicely, I thought. Ethan showed me how to spot sets of waves, and how to avoid getting smashed by one. The trick was to dive into the wave, getting your body as horizontal as possible so that the force of the water could pass over you. We practiced diving through waves and foam for a while. I found myself laughing with delight. I loved the smell and taste of the water. After a few dives into the sea, I started to feel like I belonged in it.
“Ready to go out farther?” Ethan asked, measuring me up.
“Yes!” I grinned. Standing in shallow water he had me practice the front crawl stroke, holding me by the waist. He said it was best for ocean swimming and body surfing. The wet suit made me more buoyant in the water, and without the nasty smell of chlorine I had no problem putting my face in. It felt natural, and I picked up the strokes quickly. We waded out into deeper water.
As we swam up and down the coast I began to feel more and more comfortable. The wet suit’s buoyancy became somewhat irritating as I tried to dive under the surface. It kept me from going under, but it made swimming much easier than I remembered.  
“Let’s head in,” Ethan said, and we rode the surf back in, allowing the surging water to move us into shore. I launched myself onto the face of a wave and slid along it. It felt great. We walked out of the sea and plopped down onto our towels. Ethan peeled his suit down to his waist and leaned back onto his duffel, arms behind his head. I followed suit. I was pleasantly exhausted and the sun felt good on my skin.
“You’re a fast learner Marina,” Ethan said. “You seem pretty comfortable in the water.”
“I used to hate going to swimming lessons in the city. The pool was indoors and I could never stand the smell of chlorine so I guess I just avoided learning.” I crinkled my nose with distaste at the memory. “Saltwater is much better.” 
“I’d have to agree with that,” he smiled. I met his eyes and his expression turned serious.
“What?” I asked.
Ethan studied my face. “Did you know that your eyes are always the exact same color as the water?”
I looked down, thinking about Lorelei’s eyes. Could they have been my mother’s too? A whisper of melancholy passed through me but I wasn’t going to let it ruin my day. “That was fun,” I said, looking into his eyes, overcome with a sudden boldness. “Would you teach me how to surf sometime?”
He chuckled a little. “Sure, I have a feeling you’ll be a natural.”
Now it was my turn to be serious. “Please tell Abby I’m okay now. She won’t let me out of her sight and it’s getting annoying.”
“I will, but one more thing Marina.” His eyes were suddenly intense. “Don’t go swimming around the pier. The currents there are really dangerous...” He stared out at the ocean, his brows knit together. “What were you thinking that day?”
I didn’t know what to say so I looked down again.
He turned back towards me somberly, “Promise to never do that again.”
“It was a stupid mistake,” I said, remembering how I had climbed around the fence to get to Lorelei. I wondered how I would go about finding her again. “I won’t do that again ... honestly.”
He looked relieved. I was being truthful—the next time I would have a wetsuit on and be fine. There was an awkward pause.
“I have a question,” he said. I looked up to meet his intense gaze. “When they brought you to the hospital you were hypothermic, but there was no water in your lungs. They said that was the reason you ... lived,” he forced out the last word. “But when I pulled you out of the water before, you were nearly drowned. How is that even possible?” his eyes searched mine.
I couldn’t think of anything. “I don’t know,” I said, breaking eye contact. There was an uncomfortable pause. “Why do you work so hard all the time? I mean, this should be your time off...” I said, changing the subject. He smiled with amusement at my awkward dodge.
“This isn’t exactly work,” he chuckled. “I should be paying Abby.”
I was embarrassed, and I tried to explain. “My dad insisted I take lessons. He threatened to send me to a boarding school if I didn’t promise to be more careful.”
Ethan looked at me mischievously. “Surfboarding school?” We laughed together, and agreed to meet for lessons in a week. I handed him some fruit from the bag and we ate as we rested in the sun.
“Seriously, why do you work so hard?”
He looked at me like he was deciding whether or not to talk about it. “I’m saving for the future.”
“That’s very mature of you,” I said teasingly. He didn’t laugh. “Why?” I asked again.
“Because I want to be independent, and not have to count on anyone else,” he replied, making me feel a little sheepish for teasing him.
“That’s admirable,” I said, “I thought surfers were supposed to be slackers.” This time he laughed, and I relaxed. I liked his laugh.
“Uhm... Marina?” he asked tentatively, “What on earth did you draw in art class yesterday?”
I squirmed uncomfortably. I was afraid that might come up.
He went on, “Because the guys at the table were saying that it was a ... self-portrait.”
I was mortified but had to explain, “It wasn’t me, it was a mythological creature that I um... uh...” I figured I might as well just come clean so I spit it out rapidly, “It was a mermaid, okay? And she was topless. I probably should have added the strategically placed hair,” I finished angrily.
His eyes flew open wide. “A mermaid?” he seemed shocked.
“Yes,” I said defensively, starting to get annoyed. I hadn’t expected him to be a prude.
His tone changed, “Don’t get all upset, it’s no big deal.” He sounded contrite, “Those guys are a bunch of dorks anyway.” He got up and zipped his suit back on, “C’mon,” he held out his hand to me, “I’m going to teach you some of the finer points of body surfing.”
We spent the next few hours playing in the waves, laughing at some of our wipeouts. It was an incredibly powerful feeling to glide along a wall of surging water, and I could only imagine how it must feel to stand on a board. I tired out before he did, and my hands and feet were starting to feel numb. We packed up our gear and made our way along the path to his truck.
It was warm inside and this time we drove along in comfortable silence.
“Are you coming to the market tomorrow?” he cast a glance in my direction.
“I don’t think so,” I said, thinking about how I was going to find Lorelei. “There’s something I need to take care of.” Was I imaging it, or did he look disappointed?
We pulled up to the house to see Abby sitting on the bench, waiting.
“See what I mean?” I said with an exasperated look at him.
“Don’t be too hard on Abby. You didn’t see how upset she was when you went missing. And all that time you were in the hospital … You were out of it for a long time.” He paused, choosing his words carefully, “We were all worried.”
He got out, and before I could even gather my bag he was around the side of the truck getting my door.
“How’d it go?” Abby called out.
“It was fun!” I said, and I really meant it. Ethan walked me to the porch and turned to Abby.
“Marina did great. She can handle herself just fine—as long as she has a wetsuit on.” He cast me a playful glance. “We’re going to go again next week.” Abby looked relieved. “I don’t think you have anything to worry about,” he added.
I flashed him a grateful look.
“You need to wash off your wetsuit if you want to keep it in good shape,” he told me before he left.  
Cruz and Megan were on the couch when I came inside.
“So-o...” said Megan, “How was your date?”
“It wasn’t a date,” I protested, scowling in her general direction to conceal my smile.
“So how did your swimming go?”
“It was fun, but better than that ... I can stay in the water a whole lot longer!” I looked at them with barely contained glee.

They returned my gaze with barely contained horror.

~

CHAPTER TEN
FASHION SHOW

~

On Sunday I went down to the pier in a fruitless search for Lorelei. I’d snuck stealthily out of the house, tiptoeing past Cruz’s room. I knew if he saw me he’d try to talk me out of it, and I preferred to avoid his heartfelt pleas. Megan and Cruz were dead-set against my meeting with her, and they had no idea why I was being so stubborn. 
They saw her as the supernatural creature that had nearly killed me, and I saw her as the key to unlocking the mystery of my past. I wasn’t about to be swayed by their fears.
I trudged back up the stairs with my head down, disappointed. I should have gone to the farmers market, I thought ruefully. I almost ran straight into my worried friends as they tore headlong down the stairs.
“Thank God!” Cruz cried dramatically when he saw me, “We thought you were out to sea again!”
“Yeah! Mermaid bait!” Megan pressed her lips together disapprovingly.
“Don’t be ridiculous. I didn’t even bring my wetsuit.”
This was one logistical problem I needed to work out. I probably couldn’t strip down to don my wetsuit on the cement boat, even if Lorelei created a distraction. I could try and walk down to the water wearing it, but getting there would be unbearably hot. I could change at the beach and hide my clothes, or maybe put them in a plastic bag and take them with me. 
Then I remembered how fast Lorelei sped through the water. I was pretty sure I’d want my hands free.
It would be really helpful to have an accomplice. Cruz and Megan were adamantly opposed, and even though I knew they were genuinely concerned for my welfare, I found their negativity increasingly irritating. The desire to know more about my mother intensified, a glowing ember that burned hotter and brighter within me as time passed. I found myself willing to take a reckless chance, despite the promises I’d made to Abby, Dad, and Ethan.
I dreaded returning to art class, because now I knew that the rumors about me were really flying. I wondered what would happen if I skipped out on it for a few days. The school would probably call Abby, but now that she was finally starting to ease up on me I didn’t want to rock the boat. I couldn’t afford to have any more trouble after winding up in the hospital, and one more event might be the straw that breaks the camel’s back, driving my father to send me into a prison-like boarding school. 
I couldn’t bear the thought of being forced to leave Aptos with so much unfinished business. My encounter with Lorelei played over and over in my mind, and it felt like I was on the verge of something monumental. Questions about my mother that had been stifled my whole life started gnawing at me again. I scrutinized Megan and Cruz, for there had to be a way to make them cooperate without having to confess everything.
“Come on guys,” I said. “Let’s go home and check out the latest masterpiece.”
Cruz had been sewing like a man possessed, and had refused to allow anyone into his room for the past few days. He’d finally agreed to unveil his newest design, and I was really curious about it. I’d spotted him slipping in the house with bags of fabric, noticing a change from his typical black color palette. I was eager to see what he’d come up with. 
“Ooh, we finally get to see the covert collection,” Megan said, needling Cruz about his sudden secrecy for the rest of the walk home.
We plunked down on the couch while Cruz went to retrieve his work. He returned brandishing a hanger held high, eliciting simultaneous gasps from Megan and me. He held up a long gown that was unlike anything we’d seen from Cruz before. 
Ethereally beautiful, it seemed to be floating, suspended in the air like a cloud. It had a fitted strapless bodice that shimmered in the lightest aqua, with a long full skirt that flowed down to the floor, embellished with hundreds of tiny fluttery ruffles. It reflected the colors of a stormy sea, gleaming like iridescent fish scales in shades of pale slate and rich aqua silk. It was a fantasy ball gown, and the mermaid influence was clear.
He stood there, holding the hanger up anxiously. “Well?”
Megan and I rushed over for a closer look.
“Cruz, it’s stunning!” I exclaimed.
“You’ve outdone yourself!” Megan cried.
“It’s Lorelei, isn’t it,” I said with a wide smile. “She inspired you.”
Cruz smiled shyly. “Will you try it on?”
“Sure,” I said enthusiastically, suddenly inspired myself. “I’ll give you a fashion show!”
I took it into my room and slipped it on. It fit as though it was destiny, and was perfectly tailored to my shape as if by magic. It was the most beautiful dress I’d ever worn, and I was determined to do it justice. Studying my face in the mirror I thought of Lorelei and smiled. I scrambled to get out my makeup kit.
Aunt Evie was compulsive about beauty, and thanks to her I was the owner of a huge tackle-box crammed with kind of makeup known to mankind. Evie couldn’t pass a display without succumbing to the siren song of the saleswomen, luring her closer with gleaming pots, jars and tubes of the latest miracle potion. She was known by name at all the cosmetic counters in San Francisco’s high-end department stores, and she never encountered a new beautifying elixir she didn’t absolutely have to possess.
Consequently, I was treated to all the makeovers and makeup a girl could possibly want. It pleased Evie to see the salesladies dote on me and boy did they know it. Watching them, I got to be a pretty good makeup artist, and Evie even let me do her face sometimes. I decided to create a high fashion look for Cruz’s show and I giggled at the thought of his reaction.
I quickly teased my hair up a little bit and scattered a handful of tiny rhinestone hair-pins into it. It wasn’t the coppery blonde of Lorelei’s, but it did look sparkly, like it was wet, and my time in the sun and saltwater had added streaks of rust to my regular dark brown. The smell of the hairspray brought on a little twinge of nostalgia, reminding me of all the times I’d sat and watched Evie’s stylist torture her hair into submission.
Rummaging through all the tubes and compacts I found a dark teal pencil and lined my eyes, smudging the edges and loading mascara on the top lashes. I applied a sheer glittering lotion to my arms and décolletage, and brushed a pale frosty gloss on my lips and cheeks, standing back to admire the effect. I looked cool, like a painting.
There was a rapid-fire series of knocks on the door and Megan’s voice called out, “Marina, do you need any help?”
“Come in,” I replied.
She did a double take, crying, “Holy cow! You look like you just sprang from the sea!” 
“That was the plan,” I said, pleased.
We went through my shoes and picked out a pair of heels that worked with the dress. I saw Megan eying my giant makeup box and was suddenly inspired.
“Sit down!” I ordered. Megan complied, and I quickly went to work. Doing my best cosmetic counter girl impression I started a professional makeover.
“You are an autumn,” I announced with authority. I lightly patted foundation around her eyes and dusted her with powder. I penciled her lids with a dark brown, explaining how to focus on the outer edges and “blend, blend, blend” as one particularly chirpy salesgirl used to say. When I enhanced her brows and contoured her cheeks it really brought out her pretty eyes. I pulled her hair back into a chic chignon and stood back. She looked awesome, and I congratulated myself.
Megan inspected her reflection, turning her face from side to side. She looked up at me with a surprised smile.
“Wow, Marina! You’re an artist.”
“Now go!” I hustled her out the door. “Announce Cruz’s creation.”
I waited in the doorway to make my grand entrance, anticipating his reaction.
“Oh my God!” I heard Cruz screech, “Who are you and what have you done with Megan?” I smiled to myself, pleased. She really did look awesome. I stepped out into the hallway and paused.
“Presenting...” Megan announced bombastically, “The latest creation from the famed couturier, Cruz Vanderpool!”
I strutted down the hallway like it was a runway, doing my very best impersonation of a high fashion model. Evie would have loved it. Cruz’s eyes flew open wide, and he clasped his hands together at his chest with a rapturous expression. I tried not to grin, keeping the haughty, pained look on my face that I’d seen sported by the models walking in the runway shows Evie loved so dearly. 
Suddenly the discomfort was all too real.
It struck me sharply, blooming right behind my eyes. The blinding pain was accompanied by a vision of Cruz, an older Cruz, basking in the admiration of a crowd of people. He was surrounded by a flock of photographers and reporters. I pressed my palm to my forehead and squeezed my eyes shut. It was as real as if I was standing there.
I looked up at Cruz, equally awestruck.
“You will be famous in the future.”
Cruz and Megan stood frozen, shocked looks on their faces. The pain in my head began to slowly recede. I dropped my hand. “What?” I asked, “What’s wrong?”
“Marina,” Megan said gently, “You just ... you just ... talked mermaid.” She spoke slowly, as if trying to soften the blow.
“What?!”
At that moment the front door opened to reveal Abby and Ethan. Three heads snapped towards the door.
“Hi kids,” Abby announced, rummaging through her purse. “The dang battery went dead on the Volvo and Ethan was nice enough to give me a–” she looked up, taking the three of us in. “My Goodness!” she exclaimed, “Marina, you look amazing! Cruz, did you make that?” She smiled in surprise. “And Megan, look at you!” Abby continued in past our stunned group, “I’ve invited Ethan for supper, and he’s offered to take you guys to school tomorrow while I get the car fixed. Ethan, come on in and have a seat.”
Abby hurried off for the kitchen, leaving us all standing where she’d found us. I was in shock from my prophetic vision. Megan and Cruz were in shock because apparently I had just gargled incomprehensibly and poor Ethan ...
He stood at the doorway, agog. I think my extreme makeup and dress had shocked him.
Megan recovered first, “Come in and sit down.” She led Ethan over to the couch, and went back to close the front door.
“We were having a fashion show with Cruz’s latest design,” she explained.
Ethan nodded slowly and turned to Cruz, his eyes still wide. “You made that?” he asked, looking back at the dress.
“Uhm, yeah,” Cruz replied sheepishly.
“Wow, you’re really good,” Ethan said sincerely. He looked up at my face. “You look like a mythological creature.”
Abby came back in with four glasses in her hands, “I made some lemonade, dinner will be ready in half an hour.” She bustled out, leaving us all holding a glass and a dazed look on our faces.
“Come on Marina, let’s go get changed,” said Megan, grabbing me by the arm and pulling me down the hallway. I undressed mechanically, and Megan helped me hang the gown and pull the pins out of my hair. I put on some clothes and wiped off most of the makeup. I sat on the bed numbly.
“How can you possibly know how to talk like her?” asked Megan.
I looked up at her, stricken. “I don’t know,” I lied. Tears welled up in my eyes. Now I knew for sure that I was some kind of half-breed freak.
Megan bent down to give me a hug. “Don’t be upset—I think it’s pretty cool. I mean ... what if you have some kinda magical mermaid super powers? That can’t be all bad!”
I smiled up at her gratefully. “I guess since I can hear her...”
She sat down by my side. “Marina, what did you say to us out there?” 
“I said that Cruz was going to be famous. I sort of ... saw ... him in my mind being interviewed.” I bit my lip. “In the future.”
Megan looked at me thoughtfully. I could see the wheels turning as she puzzled it out.
“It looked like it was at a fashion show,” I added quietly.
Megan patted my back. “Let’s go out there and rescue Cruz,” she said with forced cheer. “He must be dying!” When we made our way back down the hall we were shocked to see Cruz showing Ethan some of the other pieces from his collection. They looked up at us.
“These are really good,” said Ethan. “Cruz is gonna be famous.”
“We know,” Megan and I said in chorus. Everybody laughed and the tension in the room completely disappeared.
We all sat down and talked about how talented Cruz was. He looked shy, but pleased.
“Cruz is going to study fashion design in the city next fall,” announced Megan proudly.
“If I can save up enough,” Cruz added.
“Oh you will,” I said. “I know it.” Megan looked at me meaningfully.
Charlie the cat came strutting down the hallway, looking us all over before jumping up on the couch, finally planting himself on Ethan’s lap.
“He likes you!” Cruz said, surprised. “I’ve hardly seen him since Marina showed up. He practically lives on her bed!”
Ethan stroked Charlie and he settled down, purring loudly. Cruz started gushing about Megan’s singing and we were both shocked when she agreed to perform for us. She went out to her car to get her guitar. Cruz turned to me with amused eyes.
“It must be your makeover,” he said with a shrug.
Megan sang us a song and was every bit as good as I remembered. I looked at Ethan to see his reaction and found him staring at me intently again. Nervous, I broke eye contact and focused on Megan, encouraging her to sing a few more before she lost her nerve. Abby poked her head around the corner and smiled with delight to see us all getting along so well.
Cruz told Ethan about how they coaxed me onto the roller coaster at the boardwalk.
“She thought it was a death-trap,” he laughed. “She said it looked as bad as some of the trains in India!”
“You should see them,” I said defensively, remembering the rickety overcrowded cars.
Megan joined in, “Yeah, but when we finally convinced her to go she had to do it again and again. My hips were bruised for days.”
“She said it was like bad turbulence.” Cruz shook his head and laughed. “What a jet-setter. Can you believe it was her first roller coaster ride ever?”
“You’re lucky,” Ethan smiled at me, charming me with the way his eyes crinkled up at the corners. “It’s a great one for your first time.”
Abby poked her head around the corner. “Soup’s on!” 
We all sat down to a spaghetti dinner that wasn’t awful. Given Abby’s reputation, I wondered why Ethan had agreed to come in and eat. Abby chatted away with everyone, asking about school and talking with Ethan about his work in the garden. I listened carefully, impressed by his knowledge of plants, but flustered a little every time I looked up and met his eyes.
We finished eating and Abby cleared off the table while Cruz walked Megan out to her car. I got up to start doing the dishes and Ethan insisted on helping me. He stood by my side, drying and stacking the plates I handed him.
“So, how do you like Aptos so far?” he asked me, his fingertips brushing mine.
“I like it here. It feels like home now,” I said truthfully, “but I could live without the high school part.”
He laughed a little. “What was your last school like?”
“I never went to school before,” I said, realizing how weird I must seem.
“Really?” he asked, looking surprised. 
“I mean, you know, I had tutors…”
“Wow,” he said. “So everything’s new to you.”
“Um, yeah,” I didn’t elaborate. There was an awkward pause.
“Megan was really good,” he said, moving a step closer, “and I didn’t realize Cruz could make clothes like that.”
“Yeah.” I agreed with a nod. “They’re both pretty amazing.”
“You bring out the best in them,” Ethan observed, watching me closely again.
“Me? I don’t deserve any credit for their talent,” I said, looking at him sideways.
“I just mean, well ... you’re just kinda, I dunno ... inspirational.”
I didn’t know what to say about that, so I said nothing at all. We finished the dishes, and Ethan reminded me that he’d pick us up in the morning. I walked him to the door where he thanked Abby and said goodbye.
I collapsed into bed that night, disturbed. I had to find out the truth as soon as possible. The image I’d seen of Cruz in the future shook me to the core. I don’t know how I knew, but I was absolutely sure that it was real—as sure as I ever was about anything. The fact that my vision of Cruz was blurted out in mermaid was another piece of the puzzle I knew I must solve.
I had to find Lorelei, and now I was desperate to know more about my mother. Tossing and turning in bed, every time I’d ever questioned my father and been put off kept crashing into my consciousness. Clearly, a lifetime of pretending it didn’t matter had taken up more energy than I realized. 
Like baggage handcuffed to my wrist, unanswered questions I’d been dragging around my entire life tortured me, refusing to be ignored any longer. I fought to sleep, and when I finally drifted off my dreams were filled with violent visions of two mermaids fighting. Their horrendous shrieks filled my ears, and the water was churned to foam by the thrashing of their tails.

~

CHAPTER ELEVEN
CHALLENGE

~

The next morning Ethan arrived exactly on time, and he stood waiting on the porch while I called for Cruz to hurry. We piled into the truck with our book bags, and Cruz yawned while he inspected the old radio in the dashboard. I sat in the middle, acutely aware of the way Ethan’s leg brushed up against mine with every bump and jolt. He could have left me a little more room.
“Nice truck,” Cruz complimented Ethan. “It’s really retro.”
“Thanks,” he replied, explaining how he’d rescued it from a junkyard and restored it. Cruz knew a surprising amount about engines and they talked about the work Ethan had done as we drove along. I was happy they were friendly, and I sat between them silently, my mind elsewhere.
“You’re quiet today,” said Ethan, casting a sideways glance at me.
“Uh huh,” I said.
“Are you okay?” he asked.
I was surprised he noticed, because I was feeling particularly edgy. I knew those boys in art class were running off at the mouth about me, and as much as I pretended it didn’t matter it really did. I expected I’d be treated to another round of stares and whispers all day long, making me waste all my energy acting like I didn’t notice. At the moment, I wanted to be anywhere but school.
“Yeah, I’m fine,” I said, but I really wasn’t.
I think he could tell, because after we pulled up and parked he turned to look closely at me. “Don’t worry so much. It’ll be okay.” 
As much as I was dreading what lay ahead of me, I was even more focused on what had happened last night. I couldn’t stop thinking about the prophetic vision I spoke in the mermaid’s strange language. I was anxious and fretful, wondering if I’d ever find Lorelei again. I formulated the questions I’d ask her, determined to get to the truth. I had no idea how I’d manage to get through a whole day of school.
We thanked Ethan for the ride and parted ways.
“Are you gonna be alright?” Cruz asked me, a concerned look in his eyes.
“I’m fine,” I patted his arm reassuringly. “I just didn’t get much sleep last night.”
“Well, you looked amazing yesterday. I wish we thought to take a picture. Where did you learn to do such awesome makeup?”
I told him about some of the runway shows that Evie had taken me to, describing how we usually got go backstage and watch the creative chaos unfold. Cruz got a dreamy look in his eye as I painted a picture of the frantic stylists, manic dressers and crazed makeup artists putting everything they had into a few short minutes of frenzied artistic expression. Like most of life, the experience depended on your perspective.
“I can’t wait to move to San Francisco,” he sighed.
“Hang in there,” I told him. “We’ll be there before you know it.” I thought about how much fun it would be to show Cruz around the city and my spirits begin to lift a little.
The first half of the day dragged on, and by the time we met for lunch I was back to feeling agitated. The weather was clear and sunny so Cruz and I grabbed Megan and we went to eat on the benches outside. I let my guard down a little, relieved to avoid the stares and jabbering gossip in the cafeteria. From the looks I’d been getting, I was pretty sure the guys in art class had embellished the tale of my mermaid drawing considerably.
Cruz and Megan started back in on me about my plans.
“Marina, I can see why you want to meet with Lorelei,” Megan was serious for a change, “But it would be stupid to put yourself in that kind of danger again.”
“I have a wetsuit now—I’ll be fine! If I can speak mermaid there’s so much more I have to know.”
“Can’t you just talk to her from the cement ship?” asked Cruz.
“I can try, but she always disappears when someone comes along. Plus, there’s no guarantee she won’t just drag me into the water again.” I remembered how swiftly she had snatched me off the cement slab.
“Not if you stay behind the fence,” Megan said pointedly.
“I’ve been thinking … if I can find her early, when there’s nobody around ... I could change into my wetsuit real fast and you guys could wait for me and–”
“Hold on Marina,” said Cruz, “I’m not agreeing to anything.”
“Me neither,” said Megan.
“I’ll be fine! I know she won’t hurt me.”
“Not on purpose,” Megan intoned ominously just as the bell rang.
Cruz got up. “We’ll talk about your insane plans after school,” he said.
Megan offered us a ride home and we accepted. I started for art class, but passing the girl’s bathroom I ducked in, suddenly feeling dizzy and nauseous. I splashed some water on my face and neck and went into a stall, sitting with my head in my hands. I heard a flurry of footsteps on the tiles and drew up my knees, afraid that Megan was checking up on me. I just wanted to be left alone for a minute.
I heard voices, and I recognized Heather and Jamie from art class. Another set of footsteps shuffled in.
“Hey Shayla,” said Heather, “Can I bum a smoke?” I heard a match strike and smelled the cigarette fumes. It made me feel even worse.
“You guys got art with that freak Marina, right?” Shayla said with contempt.
“Yeah,” said Jamie, “Did you see what she was wearing today? Those were like three hundred dollar jeans, and her shoes are like, way, way expensive.” I looked down at my feet and squeezed my eyes shut.
“She thinks she’s so great cuz she has nice stuff. She’s just a stuck up little bitch,” added Heather.
“Her and her queer cousin Cruz came to school with Ethan today. I don’t know how he can even stand to be around those losers,” said Jamie. My blood began to boil.
“She’s totally lucky he works for Cruz’s mom,” said Shayla, “Cuz that’s the only reason he’s even nice to her.” I felt my face flush hot.
“Did you hear that she drew a naked picture of herself in art class?” asked Heather.
“Yeah.” Shayla laughed mockingly. “What a total slut.” I started shaking with shame and rage.
The bell rang, and after passing around breath freshener they left for class, leaving behind only a cloud of smoke. I wanted to disappear, overcome by a sudden image of myself diving into the ocean and never coming back out. I began walking in the opposite direction from art class, intending to wait for Cruz and Megan in the parking lot. Turning a corner, I ran straight into Mr. Briggs.
“I see you’re late too,” he said with a twinkle in his eye, “but you’re headed in the wrong direction.”
I reluctantly turned and walked to class with him. When we got there all the seats were taken except the one next to Ethan. I saw him move his books off the chair and look up at me expectantly. I went over and sat down numbly. Heather and Jamie were clearly disappointed to see me show up, and looked at me malevolently. I kept my head down and willed the class to end.
We were shown a slide show of Picasso and Braque paintings and instructed to do our own version of a cubist painting. Paints and small canvas boards were provided, and I busied myself with the work, taking pains to avoid talking to anyone. His chair scooted closer to me and I could feel his leg brush up against mine occasionally as we worked. Heather and Jamie chatted away, vainly trying to engage Ethan in conversation. When the time came to pack up Ethan followed me to the sink.
“Can I give you guys a ride home?” he asked as we washed our brushes.
“No thanks,” I said, my voice thick with emotion, “Megan’s taking us.” I turned to leave. When I got to my desk I went to reach for my bag and felt something wet. Someone had dumped the dirty paint water into it. I looked up to see Heather and Jamie scurry out the door, laughing maliciously. I saw red.
Ethan came over to me, worried. He’d seen that expression on my face before.
“What did they say to you?” he asked, alarmed by the rage smoldering in my eyes.
“Nothing,” I replied sharply and turned to go. I grabbed my soggy bag and stormed out to find Cruz and Megan, eager to get home and put an end to this day.
I was pacing back and forth, waiting just back from the little cluster of girls standing and snickering at me when I saw Cruz and Megan approach.
“Hey fatty, your boyfriend looks like a girl!” Shayla called out to them. I could see Cruz and Megan look down, cowed. That did it. I raced up to within inches of her face, shaking with a ferocious rage.
My fists were clenched with fury and I spat out menacingly, “Do you have a problem?” Shayla stepped back reflexively, unaccustomed to being challenged. Then her eyes narrowed and she came at me. I had never hit anyone before but I was fully prepared to fight, and far too angry to be afraid.
Strong hands grabbed me by my shoulders, lifted me off my feet and moved me aside. Ethan had gotten between us. I looked up to see Shayla’s shocked face.
“Knock it off!” he said to both of us, looking angry. He took me by my upper arm and escorted me to the parking lot, followed by Cruz and Megan. They were staring at me in awe. When we got to Megan’s car I was breathing deeply, trying to control my raging anger.
“Marina,” Ethan said intensely, turning me to face him. “Don’t you know not to mess with someone bigger than you? That girl is tough, she could really hurt you.”
“Let her try,” I said defiantly, shaking his hand off my arm. He exhaled hard and turned to Megan and Cruz.
“Can you get her home in one piece please?” He turned to go.
Megan and Cruz scolded me about being reckless the whole drive home. By the time we pulled into the driveway the storm had passed, and I was feeling calm again.
“I’m sorry,” I said remorsefully, “She’s just so awful.”
“Sticks and stones,” Cruz said, patiently explaining that fighting back only made it worse.
I couldn’t understand how to explain the rage I felt when I saw them being harassed. It was like I was being taken over by a different version of me—a more ferocious side of my character that had begun to develop. I liked the way it felt to give in to it. 
Once they got over their shock, Megan and Cruz had a laugh about the look on Shayla’s face when Ethan broke up the fight. Then they got back to fretting about what she would do next. They decided that they needed to stay by my side at school as much as possible.
“We have to stop you from starting a fight,” Cruz said, looking at me like I was a bomb about to detonate.
“You sure do have a bad temper,” Megan added.
“No I don’t!” I protested.
Cruz laughed so suddenly he snorted. Megan and I started laughing along with him and soon I felt better than I had all day.
“You don’t understand,” I said, shaking my head, “I never did anything like that before I got here ... it must be all the fog or something.”
Cruz laughed his snorting laugh again. “Aptos fog is to blame? What about San Francisco fog?” 
I shrugged. He had a point.
Megan studied me, calculating. “Maybe it’s a mermaid thing.”
I couldn’t deny it. “Maybe.”
“All the more reason to avoid her,” Cruz said.
“Please don’t tell your mom what happened,” I asked him, “She worries enough as it is.”
Megan dropped us off, and we could see that Abby’s Volvo was back in the driveway. After dinner that night Abby and I did the dishes together. She asked me how school was going and I put a positive spin on it, telling her how much I liked my art teacher. She told me about her day getting the car fixed, and asked me more about my swimming lesson with Ethan.
“It was nice having Ethan over last night. We used to see so much more of him right after–” She caught herself, stopping in mid-sentence.
“After what?” I asked.
Abby turned to me, and I could see that she wasn’t sure what to say.
“You can tell me,” I pushed her gently, a tactic Evie used frequently.
She pressed her lips together, but finally started to talk, “When Ethan was just a small boy his mother ran off with another man. His father took it very hard. Poor little guy, I could tell he was so sad, just ... lost. I mean, his own mother abandoned him.” She shook her head sadly at the thought, “He used to ride his bike over and spend a lot of time here before the boys kinda just went their separate ways.”
“Whatever happened to the mom?” I asked.
“Nobody knows,” Abby said, “She just fell off the radar screen.”
“That’s sad,” I said quietly.
She sighed. “Very … But Ethan turned out nice, as I’m sure you’ve noticed.”
She elbowed me and I couldn’t help but agree, “Uh, yeah. I noticed.”
“By the way,” she added, “He refused to let me pay him for Saturday. He said it was his pleasure.”
I blushed, and hugged her goodnight.
Lying in bed that night I thought about what had happened at school. By all accounts I should be afraid but I simply wasn’t. The thought of fighting Shayla actually appealed to me. If she did beat me up I could probably get out of going to school easily. I started weighing my options, imagining how horrified my dad would be if he saw that big bruiser of a girl coming at me.
I could egg her on as my ticket out of Aptos High, and he’d have to consider letting me go to an online school. Or, it could backfire and get me sent me off to boarding school in England. Either way, it would leave Cruz and Megan stuck taking Shayla’s abuse alone, and I felt strangely protective of them. Plus, I wouldn’t see very much of Ethan...
I thought about the sabotage of my purse in art class. Material things simply weren’t terribly important to me, probably because I never had to work for them. I never felt guilty about it because it made Evie so happy, and she also used her money to do a whole lot of good deeds. 
Overall, Evie was only truly impressed by sheer talent. She went to great lengths to impress upon me that I mustn’t respect people simply because they had money, and she would often point out that true friendship, love and loyalty were priceless, and impossible to buy. Still, she loved her fine things, and she also pointed out that although money couldn’t buy happiness it could certainly be counted on to purchase freedom. 
Expensive things were obviously a big deal to the girls at school, and Evie’s advice to always dress up in the face of adversity came into focus. I remembered the envy in the girl’s voices as they gossiped about my pricey wardrobe and smiled to myself. Game on! I would dress to the nines and rub their noses in it. It might be a shallow strategy, but I knew it would aggravate them and the thought delighted me. I got out of bed, slipped on a robe and knocked on Cruz’s door.
“Come in,” he called. He was still up, working on a paper pattern.
“Cruz,” I asked sweetly. “Can I wear that black lace blouse to school tomorrow?”
His eyes narrowed, no doubt remembering how I had looked in it. “Oh, you are bad!” He handed me the blouse with a cynical smile.
I laid out the outfit I would wear tomorrow; Cruz’s blouse, along with my most expensive designer jeans and some tall Michael Kors biker boots that looked almost as ferocious as the top. I dug through my jewelry box, fishing out an outrageous pair of diamond chandelier earrings. I unpacked a quilted patent leather Chanel bag and put my things in it. They called me a freak and they didn’t know just how right they were.

It was time to let my freak flag fly.

~

CHAPTER TWELVE
SURFING LESSON

~

The next morning before school I called Evie to ask for a favor. I’d left all of my outrageous designer things in the city, figuring that there wouldn’t be much call for fur lined jackets, thigh-high boots and cocktail dresses in a small beach town like Aptos. I wondered if she would be so kind as to ship a few things down to me.
“Do I detect a date coming up?” Evie asked, excited.
“No Evie,” I said. “I’m just thinking about dressing up a little more at school.”
She readily agreed, and was only surprised that I hadn’t thought to bring all of my clothes originally. After all, as she often said, you never know where you might end up getting invited.
“How are the driving lessons going?” she asked expectantly. I explained that I hadn’t had a chance to get out and drive yet, and that the family car wasn’t always reliable. I promised to practice as soon as I could.
Evie was perturbed. “This is taking entirely too long,” she fussed impatiently. She proceeded to try and pump me for information about my swim lesson with Ethan. I needed to leave for school so I was able to dodge her.
“Thank you Aunt Evie! Mwah! I love you.” I hung up.
That morning I styled my hair like a rock star and paid special attention to my makeup. I put on the clothes and jewelry I’d laid out and stood back to inspect my image. The fresh young schoolgirl had been replaced by a high fashion diva. That’ll do for now, I thought.
“Wow Marina! You look like some kinda celebrity today,” said Abby as I entered the kitchen.
“Thanks Abby, I’m wearing Cruz’s design,” I said and twirled around.
“The kid is good,” she smiled, her eyes glowing with pride.
Cruz came into the kitchen and did a double take when he saw me, “Whoa! You look like a bad-ass!”
At school I could feel hostile as well as admiring looks from my fellow classmates. The little group of surfer girls and groupies muttered amongst themselves as I passed but made no moves towards me. I could sense Ethan’s watchful eye on me as I strolled coolly about campus that day. I had the feeling I was being followed.
I pointedly ignored a group of football players who tried to make eye contact when I passed by them. Some of the girls at school swooned when the thick-necked brutes strutted down the halls, but I missed the point of all the idolatry. Large well-fed boys battling it out on the field contrasted starkly with the real hunger and desperation I had witnessed growing up. To me, the game seemed silly and pointless, and the boys that played it, arrogant.
After lunch I went to my locker to fetch my art supplies. I looked up to see one of them coming straight towards me. He was well over six feet tall and dripping with cocky attitude, and he leaned against the locker next to mine, his huge bulk looming over me.
“You’re new here, aren’t you?” he asked.
“Yes I am.” 
“Aren’t you gonna tell me your name?” he ogled me.
I was surprised by his rudeness, and wondered if that approach got him very far with other girls. “Probably not,” I said flatly, casting him an annoyed look.
He leered at me. “You’re feisty—I like that.”
I closed my locker and left, blocking out the sound of his laughter behind me. Oh yeah Evie, I thought, there were lots of boys here, only most of them were not worth knowing. I looked up to see Ethan walking alongside me, looking down with amusement.
“Nice outfit,” he commented. “You look ... interesting.”
“Cruz made the top,” I said defensively, uncertain of what he meant. We got to the art room and Ethan followed me over to an empty table. Heather and Jamie pointedly avoided sitting with us. I could feel their hostile eyes on me. I turned to cast them a dirty look.
“Marina...” Ethan murmured a warning.
“What?” I said, feigning innocence.
“Just ignore them.”
“I don’t care what they say about me, I’ll be out of here soon enough. I’d leave right now if it wasn’t for Cruz and Megan.”
Ethan looked pained. “They’re just a bunch of jealous girls.”
That I knew, and I planned to rub their noses in it.
I got home from school with lots of math homework so I went straight to my room. Loud footsteps came pounding down the hall, followed by a fist banging on my door.
“Marina! Marina!” Cruz was practically hysterical, “You’re not gonna believe this! Quick—come out front!”
There was a shiny red sports car parked next to Abby’s Volvo in the driveway. It looked fast just sitting there. A huge man was busy unloading boxes from a white van parked on the street, and I was confused until he straightened up. I smiled at the familiar mirrored sunglasses and shiny head of the Russian giant.
“Boris!”
“Allo Marina!” he waved. “Evelyn sends me.”
I ran up to give him a hug. It was surprising how good it was to see a familiar face after all the weirdness I’d been through lately. He explained that Evie had called him this morning and asked him to deliver one of her cars to me along with several large boxes of clothes. Boris handed me an envelope that contained a message from Evie along with some car related documents, explaining that he’d taken it to the shop and had it serviced that morning.
“She’s a real classic,” he said, looking at the car with admiration, “You be drivings careful, sveetheart.” 
Then he looked around the neighborhood suspiciously, like he expected someone to jump out of a bush or something. Boris deposited the boxes on the porch, ruffled my hair with his gigantic mitt, handed over the keys, and was gone.
I took out the note and read that Evie wanted me to use the car to learn how to drive and get my license as soon as possible. It was signed with a big red lipstick kiss.
Cruz and I looked at each other with enormous grins. 
“We better go tell Abby,” I said.
We found her in the garden meditating, and when she stepped out front she didn’t look very tranquil.
“I don’t know about this, Marina,” she fretted, “What will you father say?”
“Mom! This is an antique Porsche Targa—it’s like a work of art!” Cruz enthused. “Besides, it’s just on loan, and you know I promised Marina I’d teach her how to drive. You yourself said I was an excellent driver ... plus it’s insured!”
“Well...” I could see her begin to weaken. She went over to the car and inspected the pristine black leather interior. “Antique?” She raised her eyebrows. “This was a hot car in my day,” she said with a smile, and we knew we had her.
That night Cruz and I went through the boxes. He was in designer heaven, exclaiming rapturously over each new garment he retrieved. He assigned himself the job of stylist and busied himself laying out my outfits for the week.
“You’re like the Barbie I never had!” he joked.
The next day Cruz drove me to school in the Porsche. Every head in the parking lot turned as we pulled in. Ethan walked over as if he had been waiting for us.
“Nice ride,” he said, walking around the car. “Lemme guess—the rich Aunt?” He smiled in wonder, shaking his head.
“Yes, but it’s only on loan,” I explained, “So I can learn to drive.”
He chuckled. “Only you would learn to drive in a car like this.”
The rest of the week went by quickly, with driving lessons every day after school. Cruz took me out to an empty lot and I practiced shifting gears, parallel parking and backing up straight. I think I scared him a few times, but I was getting the hang of it. I suspected Cruz was using the lessons to keep me away from the pier, because whenever I started to venture out he insisted it was driving time. 
Little did he know, I was still determined to meet with Lorelei and began to devise a plan. Saturday morning finally came, and along with it my first surfing lesson. Ethan arrived early to do yard work and I went outside with him, insisting on helping him rake and pick up clippings. Everyone else thought I was a spoiled rich brat, but for some reason I couldn’t bear the thought of Ethan thinking badly of me. 
He inspected the surfboards leaning against the side of the house, impressed with their quality. Ethan explained that the short board was harder to surf on, and I’d be better off starting out with a longer one.
“Take both of them and you can keep the short one,” I said.
“I’ll try it,” he said as we loaded them into the back of his truck, “But it’s your board.”
We drove out to the same beach as before and parked. 
He turned to look at me with serious eyes.
“I’ve spent all week worrying about you getting yourself beaten up. Have you always had such a bad temper?” 
I laughed until I realized he was serious. “I’ve never been in a fight in my life!” I protested.
“Then why did you get so fired up?” he asked. I thought about it for a moment, but there was no way to explain it that didn’t sound weird. I felt different, more ferocious somehow, especially where my loved ones were concerned.
“Have you heard the things they say? The way they talk about Cruz, about Megan ... and Abby?” I asked intensely. “I know I’m not normal, and people think I’m a freak, but I refuse to just sit and ignore it when they talk to my friends like that.”
“You should just let it slide and walk away,” he chided me.
“I can’t just walk away.”
“Why?” he asked.
“Because I love them,” I said simply. 
He was quiet for a moment, then he looked down and away. I remembered what Abby had said about his mom and felt horrible.
I put my hand on his back. “Come on, teach me how to surf,” I said gently.
We hauled the surfboards down to the beach and laid them out on the sand. Ethan started out with a lecture about safety again, stressing that I must never go out alone. He was deadly serious, with none of the lighthearted joking I was used to with him. I agreed to be cautious and tried to be a good student.
I felt a twinge of guilt, because even as I promised to follow all of his safety rules my latest plan was to paddle my board out far enough out so that I could talk to Lorelei in privacy. I felt it would be safe enough on top of a surfboard in a wetsuit. I decided that I could contact her on the ship, change into my suit and swim out to meet with her. I smiled to myself, thinking I’d have some answers soon.
“Are you listening?” Ethan waved a hand in front of my face and I snapped to attention.
“Yes sir!” I said with mock seriousness, satisfied with my plan.
He explained how I needed to find the center of gravity on the board to avoid dipping either the nose or tail down in the water, and showed me how to attach a leash from the board to my ankle to keep it from getting away from me after a fall. He had me practice lying on the board, and showed me how to spring up to my feet in one swift movement.
“Don’t expect to stand up on a wave the first time,” he cautioned me, “but don’t get discouraged. If you pick it up like you did swimming, you’ll do just fine.”
We put on our wetsuits and headed out into some small waves. Ethan showed me how to dive through the wave with a board, dipping the nose to keep it from being pushed back into me. He stressed that the most dangerous thing was getting hit by your own board, and that when I fell I must protect my head with my arms, and stay under just a little longer to let it clear away. I was surprised at how much there was to know; Ethan made it look so easy.
Once we got past the breaking waves we started to paddle out, lying on our boards and doing the crawl stroke. I was a little wobbly at first, but I watched Ethan carefully, and tried hard to mimic him. I got out past the wave break and learned how to sit up steadily on the board, laughing because I kept tipping over at first. It didn’t bother me—I felt comfortable with the sensation of being in the water, and I was happier than I’d been all week. My joy must have been infectious, because Ethan finally loosened up and relaxed.
Once I mastered the art of sitting up, I turned to Ethan with a grin. “Let’s have a demonstration.”
He smiled back, and began to paddle hard for the shore. Tensing catlike on the board, he sprang upright easily, surfing the small wave for a surprising distance before I lost sight of him. He was back at my side in a few minutes, sitting up on the board and explaining how to catch a wave. I nodded, trying to remember everything he said. I was distracted by a flash of color out of the corner of my eye. Was that a glint of coppery hair? I scanned the water but saw nothing.
Gathering my courage, I chose a swell that looked promising and started paddling as fast as I could. I could feel the speed of the water pick up and start to carry the board. I managed to get to my feet and stand in a crouch for a few moments before I wobbled and fell. After a little bit of churning in the white water I surfaced and retrieved my board. Ethan came paddling up to check on me and I waved him off, ready to try again.
“Nice start,” he called over. “Next time try putting your arms out more.” I took his advice and each time I tried I got better. Finally I managed to actually stay on my feet, drop down onto a good-sized wave and surf across it diagonally, staying just ahead of the breaking crest. I paddled back out, smiling triumphantly. It was as fun as it looked, and I was feeling so good I forgot about mermaids and school and everything but just being happy.
Ethan came over to me. “You’re doing great! You learn fast.”
I sat up on my board next to him in the water with a big smile.
“I think I need a rest,” I said, panting to catch my breath. My legs were getting a little unsteady, and my arms felt like wet noodles. We sat quietly astride our surfboards, enjoying a moment of calm and the rhythmic rise and fall of the incoming swells. It had been another perfect day, just me, Ethan and the sea.
“We should probably head in,” he said.
I smiled at him affectionately. “Thanks so much … that was fun.”
I looked down at my board and was surprised to see the water surrounding us filled with light reflecting from sleek, shining bodies. The sea churned and splashed. It was a pod of dolphins! They started leaping and diving in a tight circle around us, twisting in the air as if they were trying to make eye contact with me. I looked over at Ethan and saw his blue eyes fill with wonder. The dance continued for several minutes until I started to laugh out loud. All at once the dolphins leapt in unison and disappeared underwater in complete synchronization.
The sea became completely calm again. I thought about Lorelei, and how she had commanded the sea lions. That was her I had seen! I couldn’t wipe the smile off my face as I scanned the sea all around us, looking for her.
“Marina,” Ethan said quietly. “Let’s go in.” He was looking at me strangely, and he seemed a little alarmed.
“OK!” I smiled broadly. I was thrilled. If she could find me here, at a different beach, I knew I could meet with her when I was ready. We definitely had a connection.
We gathered our gear and loaded it into his truck. I climbed in the cab and Ethan opened a small cooler and handed me an orange juice.
“Here, drink this. It’s easy to get dehydrated out there.”
“Thanks,” I smiled gratefully, surprised at how consistently thoughtful he was.
I was silent for a few minutes, thinking about Lorelei. It was warm from the sun and I was pleasantly tired and relaxed, sighing with contentment. I leaned back, stretched out my sore shoulders and closed my eyes. When I opened them back up I saw Ethan watching me.
“What?” I said sleepily.
“Marina, the dolphins ... that wasn’t normal. I’ve never seen them act like that.” I looked out the window and smiled to myself.
“Yeah, I suppose so,” I said, thinking I wasn’t very normal either.
He cleared his throat. “Do you remember how I freaked out when I first saw you?” he asked. I nodded, trying to keep from smiling. He continued, “It was your eyes. I’d seen your eyes before... I was starting to think I hallucinated the whole thing...”
My head snapped up. “What?” I said, looking over at him. “When?”
His eyes locked onto mine and I could see him struggle with what he was about to say, “I was in a surfing contest out at the point. I was way out, sitting up on my board, waiting my turn when I saw a big shark heading straight for me.” He took a breath and went on, “It was a great white, maybe fifteen feet ... coming at me fast. There was nothing I could do...” He glanced over at the ocean, remembering.
“What happened?” I asked quietly. I think I knew what he saw.
“A girl came from out of nowhere. Popped up right between me and the shark ... She must of kicked it away or something, because it just took off.” He shook his handsome head.
“Wow,” I said softly.
“I was shocked ... but I know I saw her. She looked me straight in the eyes and disappeared underwater. I looked all around, diving in the water, but I couldn’t find her...” He looked down, “The whole thing only lasted a few seconds. I... I knew no one would believe me so I never told anyone.”
There was a moment of silence. “I believe you,” I said.
He turned to face me again and his eyes burned into mine. “I thought it might have been you when I first saw you...”
I shook my head. “No, It wasn’t me.”
“Then who was it?” his eyes were intense.
I wanted to tell him everything right then, but something stopped me. What if he didn’t think I should look for Lorelei again? What if he was disgusted by my possible origins? Or worst of all, what if he didn’t want anything more to do with me because of it?
“I…” I bit my lip. “I don’t know.”
I had to look away, unable to bear his gaze. There really was so much I didn’t know, and I was more determined than ever to find out. I remembered how I wanted to tell him what I’d seen the day he pulled me out of the sea. It was unbelievably ironic that just moments after I first saw Lorelei I would come in contact with the only other person in town who would have actually believed me.
He drove me home in silence, the unspoken truth hanging between us. He sighed as we pulled up in front of the house.
“You could be a really good surfer if you keep practicing,” he said.
“You sound like Cruz with my driving,” I replied. “Could we go surfing again?” I asked timidly, fearful he might say no. I had a feeling he knew I was being evasive.
“I was hoping that you’d want to.” He smiled at me and I relaxed.
We got out and started unloading my surfboards.
“I want you to have that board,” I said. “As payment.”
He thought about it for a second and shrugged. “You keep it here. I’ll borrow it when we surf together,” he glanced over at the Porsche and I had an idea.
“Do you want to drive it?” I asked.
He smiled, and again I noticed the way his eyes crinkled up at the corners. “I thought you’d never ask.”
“Be right back.”
I ran in the house with my bag, surprising Cruz and Megan as they sat on the couch watching television.
“Hi guys,” I said, rushing past their questioning eyes to my room. I grabbed my purse and keys and ran a brush through my hair. I hurried back past them towards the door.
“Ethan and I are going for a driving lesson,” I tossed out casually. Megan and Cruz exchanged smirks.
Abby poked her head in from the kitchen, drying her hands on a dishtowel. “Dinner’s almost ready ... do you want to invite Ethan?” she asked, looking out the window at his truck parked out front.
“They’re going driving,” Cruz said teasingly. I blushed, and flashed him a warning look.
“Don’t wait for me Abby, I can grab something later.” I made my escape, handing Ethan the keys as we climbed in.
“Where to?” he asked.
I looked up at Megan and Cruz in the window and said, “Let’s just get out of here.” He saw them and smiled.
“They’ve been worried about you all week too.”
He took the Porsche out on the freeway and headed down the coast. He gunned the engine, pressing me back into the seat.
“How come your old auntie has a sweet ride like this?” he asked.
I laughed at his characterization of Evie. He had no idea. “Her late husband collected cars. This is just the tip of the iceberg,” I said, telling him about the underground garage full of cars. I described her Rolls Royces, Ferrari, and other cars I couldn’t even name. He let out a low whistle.
“Tell her the old man had great taste. This thing’s in excellent shape.” We continued our drive along the coast, and he seemed to be enjoying the ride. We sped past rich farmland with artichokes and strawberry fields until he took an exit and turned onto a country lane.
We wound down the remote road and parked. “Where are we?” I asked.
“C’mon, I’ll show you.” He led me out to a large field, part of it planted with lettuce. It was windswept, with a few gnarled Cypress trees clinging to the edge of a bluff. The view of the coast was magnificent.
“This land is all part of the Khang family farm,” he said, gesturing from the bluff to the hills. “Lue’s selling me the five acres right here between the freeway and the ocean.”
“Wow!” I exclaimed. “It’s beautiful out here. What are you going to do with it?”
As we walked along the field he told me how he wanted to start a nursery growing native and drought resistant plants. He told me what a good spot this was for growing, and how he was working for Lue to pay for the plot. He was planning to study landscaping design, horticulture and business at the local university.
When he spoke about his plans, his eyes lit up. He reminded me of my father when he was onto a particularly interesting line of research. I thought about what Lue Khang had said about Ethan’s “earth spirits” and I couldn’t help smiling.
“What?” he asked, suddenly self-conscious.
“Nothing.” I shook my head. “You just remind me of someone. Now I see what you’re working so hard for.” 
We continued our stroll until we arrived at a spot with a perfect view of the sun setting over the sea.
“I’d like to build a house right here someday,” he said, and I could suddenly see it in my mind as if it already stood right before us.
“It’s going to be beautiful,” I said, with an intense spasm of pain right behind my eyes. I pressed my palm to my temple and staggered back a step. Oh no. Not again… not now.
Ethan turned to me, puzzled. “What did you just say?” he asked. He was looking at me the same way that Cruz and Megan had ...
“Nothing,” I said, feeling the blood draining from my face. “I’m just a little dizzy.”
“We haven’t eaten all day,” said Ethan. “Do you want to go get some pizza or something?”
I blinked, and forced a shaky smile. “OK, that sounds good.”
He took me by the arm to steady me as we walked back to the car. My head was reeling with the knowledge of what I’d done. I had just blurted something out in garbled mermaid language right in front of Ethan. I felt like I was losing control of myself and it scared me. I imagined talking to Lorelei on my surfboard and began to feel a little better.
I could see Ethan’s worried glances over at me in my peripheral vision. I tried to act normally, to beat back the panic and steady my breathing. We drove to a place he knew and he steered me to a quiet booth in the back. He ordered right away, making sure I got something to drink. I knew he was watching me, and I did my best to act like nothing was wrong, like my whole world wasn’t being turned upside down more and more each day. 
“Do you feel better?” he finally asked after we ate some pizza.
I nodded and smiled, trying to reassure him. “Yes, much better ... thanks.”
He seemed to relax and I followed suit, leaning back and sipping on my soda. 
“So, you really never went to school?” he asked. “I mean, you seem so … smart.”
I laughed, finally feeling like myself. “I’ve had lots of teachers! You don’t need to be in a classroom to learn.”
He chuckled, and I really liked the way it sounded. “I guess so … I was wondering,” he switched topics, “You looked like a totally different person every day this week at school... How come?”
I looked down and chewed on my lip. “My Aunt Evie sent a bunch of my clothes down to me along with the Porsche. Cruz likes to pick the outfits for me.”
He didn’t look convinced.
I smiled sheepishly and added more truthfully, “Also, those girls at school get ... irritated ... by all the things that Evie gives me. So, I thought I’d just give them just a little more to be annoyed about.” It sounded petty when I said it out loud and I felt a twinge of guilt.
“You little instigator,” he chuckled again, and I looked up into blue eyes sparkling with amusement. “You don’t need to do all that stuff to yourself. I like you best the way you are right now.”
“Uhm, thanks,” I said, my cheeks burning. “But I can’t deny Cruz all of his fun.” Now I changed the subject, asking him more about his plans for the future.
We discovered that we shared the same birthday in January, which struck us both as an unusual coincidence. He would be eighteen the same day I was to turn seventeen, and I couldn’t help but remember all of Evie’s talk about destiny. Whether it meant anything or not, our common birthday made me feel closer to him, like we had a special connection.
The more I got to know Ethan the more impressed I was, because he was totally unlike any of the other boys at school. He was far more serious about mapping out his future than most people our age. It was as if he needed to know precisely what was going to happen in the future, and he worked hard to make sure things turned out like he planned. I wasn’t sure if it was good to work so hard, or bad to be so inflexible. He reminded me of my dad.
He was always polite and serious, but never without a sense of humor. He wasn’t vain at all, which I found unusual for such a good looking guy. He seemed indifferent to all the girls that flocked around him at school, ignoring them as they tried to catch his eye. I was no better than any of them, I thought, embarrassed by how quickly he had crept into my psyche, appearing in my dreams regularly.
He asked me about some of the different places I’d lived and I asked him more questions about surfing. We talked for a long time, and when the restaurant finally closed we reluctantly started for home.
Ethan pulled up and we climbed out of the little car.
“You better get some rest,” he said, walking me to the door. We stood there awkwardly for a moment while I searched in my bag for the house keys.
“Thanks for today,” I said nervously, fiddling with the lock.
“Let’s go again next Saturday,” he said.
I smiled, turning the knob. “Sounds like fun.”
He hesitated, and then turned to leave. “Goodnight Marina.”
“Goodnight,” I called after him.
When I stepped inside, Cruz was waiting for me on the couch. He peppered me with questions about the day, teasing me about being out so late with Ethan.
“Let’s see, you’ve only lived here a couple of months and already you’ve almost drowned twice, discovered a mermaid, and are dating the cutest guy in school.” He rolled his eyes theatrically. “What are you going to do for your next act?”
I half smiled, half scowled at him. “We’re not dating.”
“He took you out to eat on a Saturday night.”
“So?” I said. He just laughed at me as I headed down the hall to bed. “Good night Cruz,” I called over my shoulder.
“Good night Marina.”

~

CHAPTER THIRTEEN
HERO

~

The next week at school started uneventfully. It looked as though things were going to blow over with Shayla, but I knew it was only because she didn’t want to make Ethan angry with her. Nevertheless, I relaxed and stopped looking over my shoulder so much. 
I was getting used to the routine, and while my classes were for the most part boring, I enjoyed spending time with Megan and Cruz. Ethan was friendly with them, I enjoyed art class, and the mean girls avoided me. Maybe my dad was right about me needing to be here.
“Ethan’s a really nice guy when you get to know him,” Megan said. “I guess I just assumed that all surfers were jerks.”
“You know what happens when you assume...” Cruz added.
Ethan began joining us at lunch, and always escorted me to art class afterward. Our newfound camaraderie infuriated Shayla and her girl gang. If looks could kill I would have been in real trouble. I toned down my look a bit, but always included at least one truly flashy piece of designer wear in each outfit. I could see them check out each new handbag, jacket or pair of expensive shoes I wore with envy. 
Eat your heart out, I thought. That’s what you get for being so mean.
I started attracting the attention of a new round of boys. They would try to sit with me in class or strike up conversations in the halls. It was a little disconcerting, but Evie would have loved it. I’m pretty sure it had something to do with the red-hot sports car I drove to school each day, with Cruz nervously coaching from the passenger seat. 
Ethan often seemed to materialize by my side when they came lurking around, a protective presence that came as a welcome relief. When he was nearby I relaxed and let my guard down; he had a way of making me feel a little better about everything that was going on.
Every day after school I went down to the beach, hoping to find myself alone on the cement ship. Lorelei had proven to be unpredictable, so I never knew when I might happen upon her. I hadn’t seen any sea lions for quite a while and I was growing discouraged, starting to think I’d never get another chance to meet with her. By Thursday I was frustrated, but packed my bag and wandered down to the pier in the off chance that it might just be my lucky day.
It was cool breezy afternoon, and the beach hosted only a smattering of people. I lingered on the pier, waiting for the ship to clear off. Making my way down to the fence, I looked through it with my fingers crossed. My heart sank when I saw no sign of the sea lions or Lorelei. Pressing my face to the fence, I squeezed my eyes shut and concentrated.
“Lorelei!” I called, hoping I could summon her, “Sister!” I scanned the roiling sea around the deserted concrete slabs, sighing with resignation.
“Well if it isn’t our local freak!” Shayla’s voice rang out behind me. I turned to see Shayla and Heather approaching me. Jamie hung back nervously, watching with a scared look on her face. There were three of them, and I wondered how badly they were planning on beating me. I considered jumping off into the water, but the wild surf and Ethan’s warnings about the pier stopped me. 
I steeled myself for the worst.
“Leave me alone!” I hissed, and tried to walk boldly passed them. Shayla rushed forward and shoved me hard. I stumbled backwards, falling to the pavement.
“Shayla, we should go...” Jamie said quaveringly, looking behind her. There was nobody there to call for help.
“Whersh your boyfriend now?” Shayla was taller than I remembered as she closed in on me. She lunged for me but I scrambled to my feet and backed up. “Little miss I’m so-ooo perfect and my parents are rish. Ethanz so stupid—he only likes you cuz-a your car.”
She was drunkenly ranting, and started cursing me out, calling me every vile thing she could think of. I recognized the pain in her voice and realized just how much my petty games had really affected her.
I could hear Heather laughing hysterically as I dodged Shayla’s first punch. “Kick the crap out of her! Pull her hair out of her head.”
Shayla swung again and connected, splitting my lip against my teeth. I could taste blood in my mouth when I fell back down again. She bent over me, seething with rage. 
“You think you’re so great but you’re just a stupid freak!” I could smell the alcohol on her breath, and her eyes were bleary and unfocused. I tried to crawl away, watching as Heather collapsed in stitches on the pavement. Shayla reached out and snatched my purse. She staggered to the side rail and dangled it over, a triumphant grimace on her face. She stumbled, and the weight of the bag combined with her height tipped her over the edge. Heather’s eyes swung open in shock.
We all ran to the side and looked down. At first we couldn’t see her but she finally surfaced, her face white with shock. Her head started bobbing in the churning foam. Jamie was frozen in fear and Heather started wailing and crying. We stood watching Shayla gasping for air and flailing as the currents sucked her down. I was pretty sure she was too drunk to swim.
“Go get help!” I bellowed at Jamie.
Heather was squatting on the ground, sobbing incomprehensibly. I looked down into Shayla’s terrified eyes and remembered how it felt to know that you were going to die. Without thinking, I kicked off my shoes and dove in. The familiar shock of cold water cleared my head. If I could just get a hold of her I planned to drag her away from the treacherous currents and swim in for shore away from the pier.
I groped in the foamy surf until I found an arm and started to try and swim away from the shipwreck. Desperate hands clawed at my clothes and grabbed me by the shoulders. I could feel her weight force me under as she tried to pull herself up on me. I remembered reading about how drowning people often go into a panic, taking their would-be rescuers down with them.
Nice job, I thought to myself, as I struggled to free myself from her drowning grip. I kicked furiously, not ready to die. All I could think about was Ethan, and I fought even harder. I managed to break the surface and catch a breath. 
Then I saw her face, and I was overcome with relief as Lorelei plucked me away from Shayla and swam a short distance away.
“Thanks!” I gasped, catching my breath as she held my body up, looking into my eyes searchingly. “I came to see you! I need to talk–”
She looked at my bleeding lip with alarm and started to swim away, taking me with her.
“No!” I cried, “We need to take that girl to shore!” I hoped she would listen to me this time. She nodded, holding me by the waist we flew through the foam. She grabbed Shayla’s wrist and pulled her along. I thought fast as she powered us to shore.
“Lorelei– meet me here tomorrow. I have a wet suit now, I can stay in the water longer!” 
She looked confused. “Tomorrow? What is tomorrow?” 
It occurred on me that she had no concept of time. I tried to think of how to explain it to her.
I pointed up. “The next time the sun comes, alright?” she nodded, her eyes lighting up.
“One sleep!” she said with a brilliant smile, and dropped us off at the water’s edge. I scrambled to my feet, looking around for witnesses. “See you tomorrow.”
I dragged Shayla by the arms as far up the beach as I could and collapsed in the sand. I turned back to see that Lorelei had disappeared.
Shayla’s eyes were rolling in her head. I turned her onto her side and pounded on her back. She began spewing salt water with alcohol fumes. I looked up to see Jamie frantically rushing up to us with a couple of the surfer boys in tow. I recognized Long from the farmer’s market.
Shayla was retching and coughing now but at least she was breathing. Jamie started telling them what had happened, and they both looked at me in awe. Heather staggered to the beach behind them, fell to her knees and began to vomit.
I was cold, wet and barefoot as I stood up and straightened my clothes. I touched my lip and saw fresh blood on my hand. No one said a word as I turned on my heel and walked over the sand to the stairs. I got myself home as fast as I could on bare feet. Relieved to see Abby was still at work, I knocked on the door to be let in, dripping and cold.
Based on Cruz’s shocked expression, I must have looked pretty bad. He wrapped me in a beach towel as I explained what had happened.
“This is all because of your insane obsession with that mermaid. You’ve got to stop going out to see her,” he begged me.
“She had nothing to do with it!” I insisted. “She saved my life again, and I’m going to meet her tomorrow after school.” I leveled with him, “With or without you.”
At that moment Abby walked in, singing to herself. She stopped in her tracks when she laid eyes on me, and rushed over to my side, her face filled with horror.
“You should see the other guy,” I joked. Even Cruz didn’t laugh at that one. 
I held an ice pack to the side of my face as I recounted the whole story of what happened, with just a little judicious editing. Abby was outraged and wanted to call the police, but I calmed her down.
“Karma is a powerful thing,” she fumed, “I suppose that girl will get what’s coming to her eventually.”
I thought about my role in goading her and felt a flush of shame.
“I’ll be fine Aunt Abby... All I want right now is a hot shower.” I took my towel and headed to the bathroom.
I took stock of the damage in the mirror. My swollen lip had stopped bleeding and it looked like the cut would close up pretty well. It hurt when I ran my tongue along the inside my mouth where it had gotten mashed, and I was going to have a good-sized bruise along my cheekbone. 
I would live, and I was going to get a chance to find out the truth. It hurt to smile but I did, because I was finally going to have a talk with Lorelei in privacy. 

It was worth it.
~
As we pulled up to the school Friday morning, I took a deep breath and turned to Cruz, “Here goes nothing.”
Abby wanted me to stay home but I refused. I wasn’t about to give anyone the satisfaction of thinking I was cowering at home, afraid to show my face. I parked the car and looked up to see Ethan’s blue truck pull into the space next to us. I got out, and when he saw me the pleasant look on his face dissolved.
He came close, horrified eyes inspecting my face. He groaned. “Tell me what happened.”
“It’s no big deal,” I said.
“Shayla jumped her at the pier,” Cruz piped up. Ethan’s face hardened and his eyes grew cold.
“It’s okay,” I said, “I’m fine.” I’d never seen him really angry before, and it was a little alarming. Looking around, he spotted the group of surfers that hung out near the parking lot. I could see that Shayla wasn’t among them, and I wondered if she had fully recovered. Ethan headed over towards them, fists clenched.
“Uh-oh...” Cruz said as we started walking to class. I looked over see Long and Ethan talking animatedly. Heather and Jamie were in the crowd and I saw Ethan turn their way. It looked like he was having words with them too, and I could hear his raised voice from across the parking lot.
“Let’s get out of here,” I said, mortified. 
As usual, I was the subject of whispered speculations and curious stares all day long. Heather and Jamie approached me between classes and apologized, handing me a paper sack. I looked in to see the shoes I’d discarded on the pier before I dove in and felt uncomfortable, remembering my attempts to provoke them. They wanted to let me know that Shayla was sorry too, and that she was going to be all right. I accepted their apology and told them I simply wanted to forget the whole thing.
I truly did, because all I could think about was what I had planned for after school.
Cruz spent most of the day trying to convince me not to meet Lorelei. He didn’t know that I wanted—no—needed to find out about my mother. I was adamant. By lunchtime he had given up and agreed to accompany me. Megan was shocked, both at my bruised face and my afterschool plans.
“Mermaids are clearly unpredictable,” she was dismayed. “You don’t know what you’re getting yourself into.”
“I’ll be out of the water on my surfboard, wearing a wetsuit,” I explained calmly. “What could possibly go wrong?”
“Um, she could accidentally kill you…”
We had to stop talking when Ethan approached and pulled up a chair next to mine.
“What,” he paused, looking at me seriously, “were you thinking?”
“I wasn’t thinking,” I replied evenly.
Megan snorted. “I hear that!” 
“You should never have gone in after her—you’re lucky she didn’t drown you!” Ethan said.
I smiled facetiously. “I have been said to be lucky.”
“It’s not funny! Especially after what she did,” his jaw clenched at the thought. He must have heard the whole tale from the surfer crowd. “That was really brave. You saved her life,” he said, looking at me with admiration.
I looked down, ashamed.
“It was no big deal, besides, everybody else was too drunk to do anything.” I felt another flush of guilt, because I knew that I didn’t deserve any praise for saving Shayla. He was right about her nearly drowning me. I looked up at him with pained eyes, “Can we just drop it please?”
He shook his head and smiled. “Marina, you are one strange girl.”
Cruz chimed in, “You don’t know the half of it!” They all laughed for their own reasons while I twisted in the wind, forced to take the credit for something I didn’t do.
The rest of the day literally crawled by. I kept looking at the classroom clock, eager to get to the beach. I wanted Cruz’s help to get down with my gear and be there with my clothes when I got out of the water, so I kept reassuring him it would be fine. I was certain Lorelei wouldn’t hurt me, and I was increasingly desperate to know the truth about my mother.
When we got to the parking lot Shayla was standing there waiting by the Porsche. She looked meek and contrite, and I knew instantly she was there to apologize. Ethan and Cruz stepped forward as if to protect me, but I waved them away from us. She needed a chance to speak her piece.
“Go now!” I snapped at them, eager to get the school day over with. I walked up to Shayla, looking her in the eye.
“I’m sorry about yesterday,” she said, her voice filled with shame. She dropped her head as if awaiting a blow. “You must hate my guts. I don’t know why you did it. I don’t deserve to be alive.”
“Please—Please—just forget about it,” I pleaded. “Everyone needs a little help sometimes.” I was thinking about Lorelei.
Shayla looked down at me incredulously. “I was wrong about you.”
“Yeah, well, we all mess up. Let’s just put it behind us and start over.”
She shuffled her feet a little, lowering her gaze. “I owe you a purse,” she said.
“Don’t worry about it.” I held up my hand. “Seriously– not necessary.”
“Thanks for being so cool about it. You know... Ethan really likes you.” She met my eyes intensely, “He’s not as tough as he looks—just don’t play around with his feelings.” She turned to leave with her head down again.
“Shayla?”
“What?” she asked, turning back suspiciously.
“Lay off Cruz and Megan, okay?”
She looked taken aback. “Uh… Sure.”
She walked away and Ethan rushed over, searching my eyes for a clue as to what had transpired between us.
“Are you still up to go surfing tomorrow?” he asked.
“Absolutely! First thing tomorrow.” I smiled even though it hurt my cheek.
“See you then,” he said, watching as I climbed into the Porsche.
I looked over at Cruz, who was slowly walking towards us. “Come on!” I called out, “Chop- chop!”
Cruz rolled his eyes at me as he slid into the passenger seat. “Can we re-think your after school plans?”
“Not a chance!” I said as we pulled out. I looked back to see Ethan standing by his truck, eyes glued to us as we drove off. I waved goodbye.

~

CHAPTER FOURTEEN
BUOY

~

When we finally arrived home I scrambled to slip into my swimsuit and pack my wetsuit, my hands clumsy with impatient energy. I made sure to include the gloves, boots and hood, remembering how my hands and feet got numb while surfing. I rushed Cruz out the door, and I carried my bag while Cruz toted my surfboard down to the beach, dragging his feet. 
“Hurry up!” I urged my reluctant cousin across the sand to the waterline and looked around. There were only a few beachcombers and someone throwing a stick in the water for an enthusiastic black lab. I left my things with Cruz and raced up the steps to the pier.
I flew down the weathered wooden planks and onto the wrecked ship. When I got to the fence I could see sea lions on the concrete chunks below and a thrill of excitement made my heart pound in my throat. I waited a few minutes for a strolling couple to clear the ship before I called out for her.
She appeared right away, her hair shining like a new penny in the sunlight.
“You came!” she cried joyously.
“I’m going to get on my board and meet you out there,” I said, pointing to a spot in the water clear of the ship and pier.
She nodded, and I turned and ran off the pier, bounding down the stairs and racing back across the sand to where Cruz was waiting on the beach. I know he was hoping that Lorelei wouldn’t be there, and his face fell when he saw the look in my eyes. I stripped off my clothes and hurriedly donned my wetsuit, this time adding booties and tucking the cap in the back. Cruz zipped me up.
“I don’t think I’ll be more than an hour, okay?” He nodded apprehensively, looking scared.
I grabbed my board and ran into the surf with it, duck diving under the waves the way Ethan had shown me. I paddled out to the area I had indicated and sat up on the board. Lorelei rose from the water immediately and we exchanged smiles. She held her head and shoulders out of the water, and I could see her powerful tail swish to and fro beneath her.
“What happened to your face?” she asked me.
“It’s nothing, an accident,” I said, reflexively touching my now bruised cheek. “Lorelei, I need to know about my mother.”
“Yes,” she said, “Our sister.”
“You mean that my mother is your sister?”
“We are all sisters,” she said.
“That makes you my aunt.”
“Aunt?” she sounded puzzled.
“Yes, aunt—my mother’s sister is my aunt.”
Her beautiful face registered no understanding. Maybe she was wrong about my mother. Maybe I just happened to look like her. Maybe...
“Adria is my sister,” she said. I nearly fell off of my surfboard when she spoke her name.
“Adria.” I was stunned by the confirmation of what I already knew.
“Where is Adria?” Lorelei asked, “We miss her.”
My god, I thought, she doesn’t know ... what do I say?
“Lorelei,” I said gently, “She died just after I was born.”
“Died,” she said with a little shake in her musical voice, “She is no more?” Her face fell, and I knew she understood.
“She’s gone,” I said somberly.
Her singsong voice took on a mournful timbre, “She left us for a human man. She saw him and said goodbye to us. After a while … she didn’t come back.”
“I never even knew her,” I paused for a moment, hot tears stinging my eyes. “What was she like?”
“She was one of us, but she was different.”
“How?” I asked, my head still reeling from the shock.
She smiled her wild gleeful smile, recovering from her moment of sorrow. “She liked to watch the people.” She looked over at the cement ship, “Pretty ladies used to dance and the sounds used to come from there. Adria watched them all the time. She was very sad when they stopped coming.”
I thought about Stella dancing to the big bands. How could my mother have seen her, and then my father so many years later? That would make her over a hundred years old. It simply wasn’t possible; Lorelei must be confused.
I thought about my father, and wondered how he could have met my mother. I suppose he might have seen her the same way I saw Lorelei, but it was hard to imagine what would have brought him out to the boat—he never went to the beach if he could avoid it.
“What did she say about my father?” I asked.
“She said she must leave us to be with him,” she frowned. “She said she wanted some things she could only have if she left her sisters.”
“What things?”
“Come with me to my hiding place!” 
She grabbed the edge of the board and began to propel it through the water. I laid down flat and held on for dear life. Turning back to look at the coastline, I saw Cruz’s tiny figure recede. I had taken this trip before, but mostly underwater and in a state of shock. We finally arrived at the remote spot.
I had learned about sea-mounted weather stations in science class, so now I knew what it was. The buoy was anchored to the ocean floor and transmitting information about temperature, wind speed and wave action. It looked like a flying saucer, a floating disk with a small tower attached and an equal amount of bulk below the surface.
I imagined the meteorologists taking readings from this one. I wondered what they would make of it, ridiculously festooned with the debris of human life. In my research, there were tales of mermaids fascinated with people, collecting random objects. Guess they got that one right.
I looked around and could see nothing but ocean. I wondered how far out we were out. Two, maybe three miles? I doubted I could paddle it.
“Lorelei,” I said nervously, “You will take me back soon, right?”
“Look!” she cried, holding up the bag Shayla had dropped in the water.
“My bag?” Was that what she brought me here to see? She put it back on the buoy. “What about my mother?” I asked.
“I have her favorite thing,” she said, swimming around to the other side. She danced back, bobbing and twirling in the water. She held up the old weathered baby doll. Tears sprang to my eyes again. So she had wanted a baby.
“Lorelei, how many sisters do you have?”
“Many,” she laughed, and it sounded like musical bells. “Too many to count. And now I have you for a sister too.”
“I’m your niece.”
“Niece?” She seemed puzzled again, and then twirled and darted back around the buoy. I had the sensation I was dealing with a child, a capricious child. She popped back up, brandishing a bottle of blue window cleaner. This was starting to get surreal.
“Lorelei, How old are you? Lorelei?” How could she be my aunt when she looked no older than me? She dove under the board and surfaced on the other side. “How did my mother leave... did she grow legs?”
“It is not allowed,” she frowned, knitting her lovely brow together. “But she would not listen.” She started frolicking around again.
“Lorelei!” I tried to get her attention but she was back at the buoy. “Lorelei!”
She popped up on the opposite side of the surfboard, grinning. “I saw your human,” she chimed.
“Who?”
“The one you ride waves with. He’s a nice one.”
I thought about Ethan and the shark attack. I knew the answer but I asked it anyway, “Did you see him before that?”
She giggled. “I like the wave riders.” She whirled away to grab something else off the buoy. This was getting ridiculous. I felt like I was trying to reason with a toddler.
“Lorelei!... Lorelei?... Can you take me back to the beach now?”
The hairs on the back of my neck stood up, and I looked behind me into another pair of mermaid eyes. She looked very much like Lorelei, only there was a big difference. This one was angry!
Lorelei surfaced and her surprise quickly turned to fear.
“It is forbidden!” The new mermaid screeched. She grabbed Lorelei by the arm and dragged her underwater. They were gone for a few long seconds until Lorelei shot out of the water like a leaping dolphin, followed by the angry creature that lunged for her tail, grabbing on. 
There was an unearthly shrieking as they fought, their powerful fins churning the water into choppy waves. I was knocked off the board by the violence of their struggle and I tread water, trying to avoid their thrashing tails. I grabbed hold of the buoy, scooting around to the side opposite their horrible high-pitched screams.
Then it was quiet. I moved around the buoy, peering down in the water for any sign of them. I scrambled onto it, looking around for Lorelei.
Off in the distance, my surfboard was floating away on a powerful current. I cursed myself for not attaching the leash. I jumped in, desperate to retrieve it, but from the water level I could no longer see it. I scrambled back onto the buoy and it was gone. I circled the buoy, looking for any sign of the two mermaids, wondering what could possibly be going on under the deep blue waters. The minutes crept by like hours, and I finally had to admit to myself that they were gone.
It slowly dawned on me just how much trouble I was in. I was alone in the middle of the ocean, marooned on a buoy. Nobody knew where I was. I thought of Cruz, waiting frantically on the beach and I felt an awful rush of guilt. I kept praying that Lorelei would pop back up and take me home, but I had much less faith in her reliability than I did before. I could hear Megan saying “I told you so” in my mind. 
I remembered waving goodbye to Ethan.
I settled down on the buoy as the hours ticked by. Pushing aside some of the junk, I managed to get myself out of the water with my knees drawn up under me. I looked around at the bizarre mix of things Lorelei had gathered. In addition to her little collection, there were a good deal of bird droppings scattered about. Fighting back nausea, I tried not to put my hands on anything, but had to hook an arm on the rails of the transmitter to keep from falling off in the rolling water.
I contemplated setting out for shore, but I couldn’t see it and I wasn’t entirely sure of the direction. The sun began to set just as the fog rolled in, plunging me into complete blackness. I thought of Abby and Cruz, Evie and my dad. Tears rolled down my cheeks when I thought of Ethan, showing up to take me surfing and finding me missing.
I wiped my eyes and tried to think positively. Maybe a boat would come along, or maybe Lorelei would return to swim me back. It was hard to be optimistic in total blackness, and my thoughts turned dark. What if that other mermaid had hurt Lorelei? She certainly looked vicious. I thought of their ghastly shrieks and shuddered.
I picked up the baby doll and wondered about my mother. She had wanted a human baby and it had killed her. I had killed her. Everyone always said I was lucky, but I certainly wasn’t lucky for her. Evie always said to watch out what you ask for because you might just get it. 
I had sure asked for it this time– stubbornly going out to see Lorelei against everyone’s better judgment.
I tried to make some sense of the way Lorelei had behaved. She was a strange mixture of young and old. She seemed to have no concept of family structure outside of sisterhood. I was reminded of a nature show I saw on TV once, about the social organization of a bee hive. The worker bees were all sisters, daughters of the queen. They had their own language and could recognize an intruder to the hive, even if it was another bee.
I wondered if mermaids were like that. I shuddered to think of a queen mermaid, for surely she would be far more fearsome than anything I could imagine.
Now I was thirsty. Thirstier than I had ever been. I’d been too nervous to eat lunch, so the last thing I drank that day was my morning coffee. I thought about Ethan’s warning about dehydration. I licked my salty lips. I was hungry too, but water was what I needed.
“Water, water everywhere, nor any drop to drink,” I croaked, remembering little snatches of verse from a long ballad. My tutor in India had committed it to memory, and often recited it to me whole in his clipped, precise British accent—“The Rime of the Ancient Mariner”. I struggled to recite more of it, remembering the long saga of a horrific sea voyage. When I closed my eyes I imagined I was on the ghostly ship in the poem, suffering right alongside the stranded sailor.
The hours ticked by and the wind picked up. I was cold, but nothing like when Lorelei had dragged me out here the first time. I remembered that I had stashed the hood in my suit and I contorted around to fish it out. It helped. At least I wouldn’t freeze to death.
Now that I knew my mother was definitely one of them I had a whole new set of questions. My father could answer them, but I might not ever see him again. I tried to beat back that negative thought. My mother must have transformed herself into human form. All of the mermaid myths took on a new significance now that I knew the truth.
Almost all of the legends contained tales of some sort of magical transformation. I wondered how that went. If she could change, could she have changed back? Did she regret her decision? I nearly cried at the thought, but realized I couldn’t spare the water.
I tried to keep my gloomy thoughts at bay, focusing hard to fill my mind with memories of happier times. I recalled lighthearted days spent with Aunt Evie, exploring art museums and galleries in the city. We’d dress up to attend show openings and museum fund raisers, and I had to smile, remembering how artists and curators flocked around her, desperately trying to curry her favor. Being around Evie in public was a lesson in human nature.
The wind rose up again, blowing the fog away to reveal a bright moon and stars. I scanned the heavens, trying to name the constellations. I found the great square of Pegasus, Ursa major and Ursa minor. Above Pegasus was Draco, the giant dragon snaking across the night sky. I thought about all the mythology that went along with the stars. Myths, I thought. If mermaids could exist, then why not dragons or flying horses?
The silence was shattered when a whale surfaced next to the buoy, blowing a spray of air and mist ten feet high into the moonlit night. I scarcely dared to breathe lest I frighten it away. I should have been scared, but I felt a strong kinship to the leviathan, a fellow mammal all alone in the vast watery expanse. It was enormous, at least fifty feet, and it came so close to the bobbing buoy that I reached out and touched it, feeling its rough skin slide past my fingertips. It sucked in a breath of air through two blowholes that looked like nostrils.
Odd, I thought, I never knew that. I was so alone that the whale felt like a friend, come to check on me. It rolled in the water, and I could see barnacles growing on its huge fins; it was a humpback. The whale slowly circled around the buoy, giving me the impression that it was curious about me. Our eyes met in the moonlight and I could hear its eerie song. I had the sense that everything was going to be alright, that some miracle might occur to bring me home. When the docile giant swam away, all my feelings of well-being vanished along with it.
The horizon grew discernibly brighter as the sun rose in the east. The sky was rosy with dawn, a beautiful sight that I was the only living soul for miles around to witness. I knew which direction was home now, but I was feeling weak, and I realized the strong currents would take me off course if I tried to swim for it. As the sun rose, I started to warm up, and my tongue felt dry and sticky. The muscles in my legs began to cramp, and when I tried to stand I grew light-headed.
The wetsuit now became my enemy as I started to overheat. I took off the cap and booties to try and cool down. Unzipping the suit, I peeled it down to my waist, exposing my bare back to the scorching sun. The sun blazed bright red through my eyelids, and I sank back down to lean on the buoy. I felt like a starfish drying out on the beach.
I must have dozed off when I heard the cheerful sounds of dolphins splashing and chirping all around me. It’s my imagination, I thought, remembering the day the dolphins danced in a circle around me and Ethan. I wondered what it would feel like to be a dolphin, and fantasized about having the ability to swim so fast, to be so free ... like a mermaid.
The noises continued, and when they intensified into a loud buzzing roar, I opened my eyes, surprised to focus on Cruz’s worried face.
I smiled blearily at the apparition, thinking it was a nice dream. I asked it, “Do you have any water?”

~

CHAPTER FIFTEEN
CONFESSION

~

We motored into the harbor, with Ethan steering the small inflatable into its berth. I’d been peeled off the buoy and made to sip water slowly, as Cruz filled me in on his own awful night. Ethan was preoccupied with piloting us back to land, and I was afraid to make eye contact, ashamed of my stupid move. I sat in mute exhaustion, resting my dizzy head on Cruz’s shoulder as he spoke. He put a reassuring arm around me.
“I’m so sorry Cruz, I should have listened to you.” My voice sounded hoarse and raspy.
I felt horrible about implicating Cruz. He described to me how he’d been frantic, pacing on the sand for hours. He finally went to Megan’s, where they tried to figure out what to do. Cruz had lied to Abby, telling her I was spending the night at Megan’s. I felt bad about involving them, but I was grateful that Abby didn’t know. This time, I knew she would tell my father, and I would definitely be sent away for this one.
Megan and Cruz had ended up spending the night on the beach, waiting in vain for my return. They knew that Ethan lived at the harbor, and went to him at dawn for help. His father was away on a fishing trip for the weekend, but Ethan had his inflatable skiff.
They told Ethan about Lorelei, and were surprised when he believed them. Of course he would, I thought; he had seen her too. I felt terrible, because now he knew that I had been telling him lies. Lies of omission.
Megan told Ethan about my near fatal trip to the buoy last time, and Cruz guessed that she might have taken me there again. Ethan thought he knew where they might find it, and they left the harbor in the early morning light to search for me. They were far out to sea, circling hopelessly and getting nowhere when the dolphins came and guided them. I thought about the pod we saw surfing and wondered if they were the same ones. 
Could Lorelei have sent them?
I dozed off and on, utterly exhausted and lulled to sleep by the droning engine. The next thing I knew Ethan was lifting me up from the boat onto a dock where Cruz held me upright to steady me. Megan came running up, relief on her face.
She gave me a big hug. “Thank God! We thought we might not get you back!”
I looked down, contrite. “You were right. I’m sorry.”
“For God’s sake Marina, promise us you won’t have anything to do with her anymore,” Megan pleaded.
I hesitated, Lorelei may be annoyingly childlike, but now I knew she was part of my family. My voice was quiet. “I don’t know if I can.”
Megan glared at me with frustration. “Marina, you’ve got to drop this obsession! It’s going to get you killed!”
Ethan was standing there, arms crossed. He looked angry too.
“Thank you for finding me,” I told him timidly. “You saved my life.”
“My place is up there,” he said, gesturing to a row of apartments overlooking the harbor, “You need to get out of that wetsuit.” He was right. I was uncomfortable and dirty from the buoy.
I turned to Cruz, “My clothes! Do you have my bag?”
“Sorry, I left them at home when I got the car last night,” Cruz said. “I’ll get them and bring them here. Mom thinks that Ethan picked you up from Megan’s to take you surfing.”
Megan yawned and stretched. “My mom is probably wondering where I disappeared to… I gotta go.”
Cruz followed Megan over to the Porsche. He stopped and turned around, dangling my purse. He must have taken it off the buoy.
“At least I got your Prada back from her!”
Megan and Cruz looked at each other and laughed. I turned to face Ethan. He was not amused.
“Come on,” he said, walking away. I trailed behind him.
Ethan’s place was on the second floor, and I followed him up the stairs on stiff legs. The front of the building was covered with a huge blooming bougainvillea, creating a wall of brilliant fuchsia. He opened the door and let me in wordlessly, avoiding eye contact.
I stood there awkwardly, feeling like I had ruined our friendship. Ethan left the room and I looked around nervously. His apartment was comfortable but spare; you could tell that no woman lived there. An overstuffed couch sat facing a big TV, and there were stacks of sports and surfing magazines. A desk in the corner held a computer and printer, piled high with mounds of papers.
He came back in the room, brusquely handing me a folded towel, sweats and a T-shirt. He pointed in the direction of the bathroom. “Give me your wetsuit and I’ll get it cleaned up for you. You need to rinse off.”
I nodded, “Thanks,” I said weakly. I stripped off my wetsuit and handed it to him through the cracked door. When I peeled off my swimsuit I could see the outline of a nasty sunburn flaming on my back. I shuddered with the chills, and got into the shower. The warm water felt like heaven, and I wanted to curl up and go to sleep right there. I rinsed out my swimsuit and hung it on the rod.
I slipped into Ethan’s clothes and looked in the mirror. My bruised face was now sporting a sunburn across the bridge of my nose and my cheeks. My lip was still swollen with a big scab where the split had closed. My wet hair was tangled and messy, and I looked comical swimming in Ethan’s too big clothes. I came out to find him sitting on the couch. He looked up and tried to suppress a smile.
“I know.” I said sheepishly, “I’m a mess.”
“Have a seat,” he gestured to the couch. I sat down, clenching my hands in my lap.
“I’m sorry,” I said, looking down. 
He exhaled hard. “Why didn’t you tell me?” he asked with a twinge of annoyance in his voice.
“It’s a long story,” I said.
“I have time,” he replied.
And so I started talking and it all spilled out. I told him how I saw Lorelei the day I first saw him, and felt her hand pull me up from underwater when I got hit by the sleeper wave. I told him about taking Cruz and Megan to see her and talking to her for the first time.
“They can talk?” he asked, shocked and curious.
“Yes, but I’m the only one who can ... I’m the only one who understands her.” 
He raised his eyebrows at me. 
I explained, “Her voice—it sounds like bells to me. But Cruz and Megan can only hear water.”
“Cruz told me that she nearly killed you,” he said gravely. “I can’t believe she dragged you all that way ... and without a wetsuit? Twice!” He looked angry again.
“It’s not like that! She didn’t know!” I felt deeply protective of her, as if she needed me to defend her. “She didn’t understand why I got so cold.”
“That explains why you had no water in your lungs.” He shook his head, “You must have been freezing to death!”
“Literally,” I said, meeting his eyes. I had to look away, remembering when he asked me about it before.
“Why weren’t you afraid to go back?” he asked quietly.
I told him that Lorelei didn’t know anything about people, and that she was the one who had saved me from Shayla’s panicked death grip. I explained how she had peeled Shayla off of me, and ended up saving both of us. I told him how I’d made plans to meet with her again on that day. I went on to try and describe her childlike nature; I wanted him to understand that she was joyful and naive, lighthearted and carefree. Whatever she was, I knew that she meant me no harm.
“She’s innocent ... she just doesn’t understand humans,” I was struck with the realization that I was only half human, and shivered suddenly as a cold chill passed through me.
“Are you okay?” Ethan asked.
I nodded mutely, suddenly speechless.
“Was she the girl, the one who stopped the shark?”
“I think so ... she was there that day we were surfing. She saw you teaching me. I tried to ask her about it but she was being ... difficult.”
“What do you mean by difficult?” he asked with raised eyebrows.
I looked at him with pained eyes. “She kept trying to show me things that she’d collected... things that were my–” my voice caught in my throat. I could see the hairless baby doll in my mind and I squeezed my eyes shut.
“She sent the dolphins that day,” he said flatly, the truth dawning on him.
“I guess ... I didn’t have a chance to ask.”
“Is that the only reason you wanted me to teach you to surf?” he asked, sounding a little hurt.
I shook my head vehemently, meeting his eyes sincerely. “No! I really wanted to try, it looked like so much fun! And it was fun! Probably the most fun thing I’ve ever done.” I dropped my gaze, a little ashamed. “But it did occur to me that I could use the board to try and find out more about her.”
“What happened yesterday?” he asked firmly, “Why did she leave you there?” Something in his tone demanded the truth.
I heaved a shaky breath, “After she brought me out to the buoy another one showed up.”
He looked shocked and listened intently as I described the other mermaid’s arrival and the horrible screeching fight that ensued. Their wild thrashing struggle was fresh in my mind as I tried to explain the frightening speed and power of the battling creatures. I told him how I had been left there alone, and how scary it was in the dark.
“I lost my surfboard...”
Ethan let out a long breath, shaking his head, “What I don’t—can’t—understand is why you would go off to meet her again after you nearly died because of her!” 
I swallowed hard, my throat sore from the ordeal. “She told me something that day, the first time she dragged me out there ... just before I blacked out. Something I haven’t told anyone.” I looked up at him as my eyes filled with involuntary tears. “I had to find out for sure ... I had to know.” I dropped my head, biting down on my lip to keep it from trembling.
“Know what?”
I wrung my hands in anguish, looking for a way out, fighting the urge to run for the door.  After everything he’d done for me he had a right to know.
“She told me ... she said...”
“What?” he asked again, his voice quietly insistent.
“M-my mother...” my voice was quavery. “My mother was one of them ... a mermaid.” I turned away, afraid to see the look on his face. He paused for a moment, as if to let it sink in.
“How do you know she isn’t lying?” he asked gently.
“Her name,” I whispered. “She knew my mother’s name.”  
I turned to look up at him fearfully, startled by the sudden tenderness in his eyes. He leaned in and wrapped his arms around me.
“No wonder you’re so beautiful,” he said, drawing me into him.
I was shaking as I laid my head on his chest, listening to his heartbeat. He was warm, and he smelled good. I concentrated on the steady rhythm and started to calm down. I could have stayed like that forever, rocking slightly with the rise and fall of his breathing, taking refuge in the circle of his arms.
A knock on the door broke us apart. Ethan patted my knee reassuringly and got up. It was Cruz, and he came in the room, eying us speculatively. I could almost hear him thinking as he looked me over. When he handed me my clothes, I thanked him and excused myself to the bathroom to change.
I emerged to find him sitting on the couch talking with Ethan about their good luck in finding me. Cruz asked me questions about what had happened overnight and I recounted the tale—most of it. Ethan caught my eye as I skipped over the mother part in my recitation. Cruz thought the spray bottle was hilarious, and his eyes flew open in horror when I told him about the other mermaid and the violent screeching fight.
“You mean there’s more than one?” he grimaced theatrically.
“Apparently the ocean is crawling with them,” I snarked back.
“Just your luck,” Cruz joked, “You really bring them out of the woodwork, don’t you?”
“Everything would have been fine if the other one hadn’t have shown up. How was I supposed to anticipate that?” I said defensively.
“You should have listened to me. You shouldn’t have gone in the first place.” I felt a fresh flush of guilt for putting him the whole ordeal.
“I couldn’t resist the temptation,” I said quietly, truthfully.
“That’s what she said,” Cruz flashed me an impish grin, making me laugh in spite of my guilty conscience.
When my stomach growled audibly, Cruz and I exchanged a look and laughed again.
“You must be starving!” Ethan said. I was, but I hadn’t noticed it until now.
Cruz sprang up to go. “I’m supposed to be at work, so uh ... you kids have fun surfing!” He sounded just like Abby. He smirked, eyes glittering with amusement. “Seriously, mom doesn’t expect you home until later this evening. See you tonight.” He was out the door before I could even say anything.
“What do you want to eat?” Ethan asked.
“I don’t care,” I said, suddenly overcome with exhaustion. “I really can’t go anywhere right now—could you please just take me home?”
“Are you kidding?” he asked with a smile. “We’re surfing, remember?” He left the room and came back with a soft blanket. “You must be tired. Why don’t you just kick back and I’ll make you my famous grilled cheese.”
“Sounds good,” I said, nestling down on the couch, watching him as he tucked the blanket around me. I wondered why he was being so nice to me after all the lies I’d told. When he left the room my eyelids grew heavy.
~
I was on a small boat in a dark stormy sea when the water beneath me began to churn. I twisted around to see something coming up from the depths towards me. As it drew closer it fractured into multiple shapes. A score of mermaid heads broke the surface, surrounding me...

I started awake, breathing hard and looking around in confusion. I was on Ethan’s couch, curled up into a ball. I slowly came back to reality, hugging my knees to my chest. He walked in carrying two plates of grilled cheese sandwiches with mugs of tomato soup, and I sat up, blinking groggily.
“Can I help with anything?” I asked.
“Just eat,” he said, and I did.
I don’t think anything ever tasted so good.
We sat on the couch side by side and talked after we ate. I told him about my mystical encounter with the humpback the night before. He listened, impressed, as I described reaching out to touch it and how its eyes met mine. I tried to explain how the sound of its song was comforting, but words failed me, and I ended up frustrated and silent.
“I still can’t believe you were out there all that time,” he said.
“It was scary,” I said, “So I think she sent the whale to me...” I remembered how much better it made me feel, “to keep me company.”
Ethan told me about some of the times he’d come close to them when he crewed on his dad’s whale-watching trips. He said that the whales seemed curious about the boats, and would circle around, surfacing to thrust their heads out of the water for closer inspection. Sometimes a whale would even swim near the surfers, but one had never come up right alongside them.
I told him how Lorelei talked to the sea lions, and could command them. I described the way she had used them as a diversion to allow me climb out to her unnoticed.
“You know,” he said gravely, “We’re lucky those dolphins showed up when they did. I don’t think we would have found you without them.” He was quiet for a minute, as if imagining me still out there.
“Ethan, thanks for coming out to look for me. I’m sorry I didn’t tell you.” I smiled ruefully, “It’s funny really ... because you’re the only person who would have believed me.”
“You can trust me,” His blue eyes were so intense I had to look away.
I took a deep breath, “I appreciate you not saying anything to Cruz. I—I’m really not ready to talk about it.” I looked at him. “I need to talk to my father first.”
He nodded. I leaned back on the couch and flinched.
“What’s wrong?” he asked.
“I think I scorched my back,” I replied.
“Let’s see,” he said.
I twisted around and lifted up the back of my shirt. I could feel the heat radiating off my sunburned skin.  
“Ouch,” he said wincing, “I have something for that.” He left and came back with some Aloe Vera gel. “This oughta help– turn around,” he said.
I turned away on the couch and he peeled up my shirt. Flustered, my face burned as hot as my back. He put some on his hands and rubbed it on gently, carefully. It felt cool and soothing and I sighed with relief.
“There,” he said, his voice strange. I turned around and he looked ... intense. “We’d better go.”
~
We pulled up to Abby’s, and when I started to climb out he came around the side of the truck, holding my door solicitously and taking my bag for me.
“How are you feeling?” he asked, searching my eyes.
“I’m okay.” I said gratefully. “Thank you so much for everything.” We walked to the porch side by side.
“Get some rest,” he said, standing closer than necessary.
I looked up at him. “I will.”
The door swung open and we came face to face with Abby.
“Hi guys!” She beamed her usual happy smile. “How was surfing? Gosh Marina, you look like you got some sun!”

~

CHAPTER SIXTEEN
INHERITANCE

~

I spent the next day lounging around with Cruz, recuperating from my ordeal. Megan came over and I gave another recitation of my night on the buoy. We made popcorn and watched a couple of old horror movies on TV, but nothing seemed even remotely as scary as the horrible screeching mermaid fight. We spent most of the day laughing and making jokes about my latest misadventure. 
Megan told me how upset Ethan was when he found out that I had gone missing.
“He really likes you,” she gave me a knowing look.
“Totally,” added Cruz, “He was freaking out when we told him what you’d been up to.”
“We were just lucky he believed us and had his dad’s boat,” said Megan.
Cruz smiled slyly at me, “Did you notice the masterful way I made myself scarce yesterday? You can thank me later.”
“Oh stop it,” I said, blushing. 
Ethan was the only person who knew the whole truth about me, and I was relieved that he seemed to take it so well. I don’t know what kind of reaction I expected, but he was so kind and sweet about everything that I felt like I could breathe for the first time in weeks. I didn’t realize how crushing the weight of secrets could be; I’d never had anything to hide before.
I apologized profusely to Megan and Cruz, feeling terribly guilty about putting them through so much and forcing them to cover for me. They had become the best possible friends and confidantes and I smiled darkly to myself, thinking about how this was exactly what my father had wanted for me. 
I made a vow to never again involve anyone else in my quest for answers. This was my problem and I’d have to find a way to deal with it by myself. The desire to know more about my mother was not going away, and now I had an entirely new set of questions. As much as I knew that I should let it go, I also knew that there was probably no way I could. Lorelei was one of my only links to the past.
Things at school changed dramatically. Shayla and her crew left us all alone, and the atmosphere was no longer hostile. The surfer crowd was even guardedly friendly, and I was treated with respect. They all believed that I had single-handedly rescued Shayla. 
I could only imagine what they’d think if they knew the truth.
Ethan kept my secret, and I was a little surprised that he didn’t seem put off by it. We always sat together in art class, and I looked forward to it more than I wanted to admit. I was so physically aware of him that every time we brushed up against each other I caught my breath. It seemed to me like he took every little opportunity to touch me, but I doubted he had any idea at all of how much he affected me.
Spending time with Ethan was a welcome distraction, but it still wasn’t enough to keep me from obsessing about my mother. I needed to understand how I came to be. How could she have possibly met my father, much less communicated with him? Could he speak mermaid?
All of the questions I’d ever had about my mother came rushing back to me, closely followed by bitter memories of being shut down by my father for even daring to ask.
But I had someone else to ask now. As frustrating as talking to Lorelei was, I sensed she had no reason to keep anything from me. Unfortunately, the other mermaid made it even more dangerous for me to try and find her again. Clearly, meeting with me had gotten Lorelei into trouble with the mystifying sisterhood of mermaids. 
I fretted about what might have happened to her, remembering the angry mermaid’s words. “Forbidden”, she had said, and I guessed that maybe Lorelei had broken some kind of mermaid rule about not contacting humans. There had to be a way to meet with her secretly and safely, for now that I’d had a small taste of the truth, I needed more. A lot more.
It started to prey on my mind again, making me edgy and restless.
I worried about Ethan too. What if he came across the other, angry mermaid? He spent a lot of time in the water. Would she do anything to him? She hadn’t harmed me, but then again, she’d been busy attacking Lorelei. I kept going over all the stories of evil murderous mermaids—the ones that Megan was so focused on. The thought of them hurting Ethan filled me with a strange mix of intense anger and icy cold fear that tightened my throat.
I imagined calling my father and demanding the truth, and it made me sick to my stomach. I knew I needed to talk to him, to hear his voice, to find the nerve to ask him about my mother, but I kept coming up with excuses to procrastinate. I knew it was crazy, but I was more afraid to confront my father than I was to head out to sea with a mermaid that had nearly done me in. I was a total basket case, I thought, contemplating my next move.
What I couldn’t manage to avoid was the beach. I stayed off the pier, but I found myself spending hours walking barefoot along the sandy shore, haunted by unresolved questions. Maybe it was my way to feel connected to my mother, but walking through the foamy surf was soothing, and I was better able to relax after my walks. I wanted answers, but all I had was a huge collection of beach glass. 
One blustery fall day I rambled home after a long walk, surprised to find Abby sitting at the kitchen table with her head in her hands, sobbing. I paused for a moment, shocked at such an incongruous sight. Sweet, gentle Abby, who had a seemingly infinite capacity for happiness and patience ... crying?  
“Aunt Abby, what happened?” I blurted out, startling her. She wiped her eyes, struggling for composure.
“Oh Marina,” she sniffed. “I’ve made a terrible mistake—and now...” she started crying again, “Cruz hates me.”
I sat down and took her hand. “That’s not possible, Aunt Abby,” I said sincerely. She gestured to a letter sitting on the table. It was addressed to Cruz, from a law firm in Argentina. The letter stated that Cruz Vanderpool was one of the beneficiaries of the estate of Federico Acosta, who had passed away the prior month. It requested that Cruz contact the office to arrange for the disbursement of the funds.
“What is this?” I asked Abby. “What does it mean?”
Abby looked up at me with red-rimmed eyes. “Federico, is ... was … Cruz’s father.”
“But I thought he was ... I mean, I thought he died before Cruz was born.”
“I lied about that,” she said, gulping down a sob. “And now Cruz is so upset...”
I was stunned, and took a moment for it to sink in. “I don’t understand, what happened?”
Abby took a shuddering breath and told me her story. She was eighteen, a college student at the university in Santa Cruz. She had fallen in love with Federico, a visiting professor of Latin American literature. He was much older and more sophisticated than her, and before she knew it she was in way over her head. Abby found herself pregnant with Cruz when she discovered that he was married with a family in Argentina.
“He tried to give me money,” she said. “He didn’t want me to keep the baby. When he left I didn’t know what to do. Martin came to the rescue.”
“What did dad do?” I asked.
Abby smiled through her tears. “He bought me this place, and helped me get back on my feet.” She sighed. “When Cruz was old enough to ask ... I thought it was for the best. I never expected to hear from him ever again.”
“How did Cruz take the news?” I wondered, worrying about him. She looked at me in anguish.
“Would you go see how he is?” she asked, blinking at me with tortured eyes. I leaned over and gave her a hug.
“Sure. It’ll be alright,” I said.
I went down the hall and knocked gently on Cruz’s door.
“Go away!” he yelled.
“Cruz, it’s me, Marina.”
He opened the door a crack and I could tell that he’d been crying. “Did she tell you?” I nodded, and he let me in. The letter had come as a tremendous shock to him. He felt betrayed and confused.
“My father has been alive all this time and he never even wanted to see me...”
“You don’t know that,” I said gently, “Maybe he was afraid to hurt his family, or–”
Cruz looked at me sarcastically. “He knew about me, he could have picked up a phone.”
“He remembered you in his will. He didn’t have to do that.”
“Guilty conscience,” he said dismissively.
“Cruz, your mom feels terrible. She was only a kid. She was our age...”
He heaved a breath. “I know, but it came as a total shock. My whole life has been a lie.”
I knew exactly how he felt.
“She was only trying to protect you,” I said, thinking about my dad.
“You’re lucky your dad never lied to you!” he cried.
I looked at him sadly. “You never know.”
Cruz was starting to look more sad than mad too. “I knew they never got married or anything, but she told me he died in a car crash!” Cruz emoted passionately, reminding me of Evie, “It’s so completely out of the blue.”
“I know what you need!” I was suddenly inspired. “Come with me to visit my Aunt Evie. It’s impossible to feel bad around her, and we need to show her your clothes.” We hatched a plan to go to the city on Saturday, and he seemed to feel a little better. I turned to leave, “Cruz, you need to talk to your mom.”
“I will,” he said.
I went back out to find Abby sitting in the garden. She looked up hopefully. “How is he?”
“He’ll be fine. He just needs some time.”
She smiled wanly, fidgeting with a string of beads around her neck.
I sat down and casually asked, “Abby, what was my father like back then? I mean, back before I was born.”
She looked thoughtful. “We lost our parents when we were very young. Martin was so strong—he always looked out for me. I don’t know where I’d be if it wasn’t for him.”
“Abby, what do you know about my mother?”
She saddened, paused and said, “I only met her once.” She looked at me solemnly. “The day you were born.”
I pressed her, my eyes urgent. “Tell me about that day.”
She sized me up, speculating as to whether I was ready to hear the story. She finally nodded.
“I got a call from Martin—he was beside himself. He was calling from a hospital in San Francisco. At first I thought he was hurt, but then he blurted out that his wife was in labor, and things were going badly. He was so upset ... I never heard him sound so desperate.”
She explained that my father had never told her about his whirlwind romance and marriage.
“I don’t know where he met her, but I guess it was love at first sight. They eloped without telling anyone. I figured he didn’t want to hurt me, because of ... well, you know. Cruz was six months old then. I loaded him in the car and hurried to the hospital.”
“And you met her,” I said.
“Yes. When I got there your dad was a wreck. I talked to the doctor and he said there were complications, and that she had refused to end the pregnancy despite the warnings. He said she wanted to see me...” Abby’s voice caught in her throat, “Your dad was in no shape to do anything, so I brought Cruz in with me to see her ... Adria.” She paused, sighing sadly.
“Go on,” I urged.
“She was so beautiful … you look just like her. She was terribly pale, but her eyes—her eyes were happy, triumphant. When she saw Cruz, she just lit up. She touched her belly and told me that you were a girl, and that your name was Marina. She said I would need to help Martin. She wanted to hold Cruz, but the monitor went off ...” her eyes filled with tears as her voice trailed off.
“Keep going,” I said, intense.
“They hustled me out of the room, and things just went wrong,” she looked at me sadly. “And you were born. Your dad fell completely apart. It was scary—I’d never seen him like that. I filled out the forms to give you the name she picked. Martin was totally numb with grief. He kept saying it was his fault, he should have left her alone.”
It was hard for me to imagine my dad like that. He was always so even-keeled, steady and calm.
“He loved her so much he just kinda shut down. He was in no shape to take care of a baby. I stayed at the hospital that night and took you home with Cruz the next day.” She looked at me with a sad smile. “Your dad threw himself into his work, his traveling. I think he was afraid to see you, to be reminded of her. One day when you were about nine months old Martin showed up.”
“So I used to live here?” I wasn’t much surprised. I had been comfortable here from the first moment I arrived.
Abby went on, “He took one look at you and it was like the fog lifted. I could see his heart healing right before my eyes. The two of you bonded instantly. He moved in with us for a few weeks and when he left he took you with him.”
“Where did he take me?” I asked.
“He had just gotten an endowment at the university, and he moved you into the San Francisco apartment.” She smiled sadly at the memory. “It broke my heart to let you go, but I could see that you belonged together. Poor Cruz, he missed you so much.”
I was quiet for a moment. “Thanks for telling me, Abby.” We hugged each other and I looked up to see Cruz standing there. I left them alone and went to my room.
I had figured that my mother wanted me, but now I knew she had knowingly sacrificed her life for mine. It was sad to know how much her death had affected my dad. Hearing the story made it easier to forgive him for not telling me the truth, and the little flame of resentment I was harboring flickered out. Now I missed the mother I had never known even more, and understanding my father, felt closer to him.
I was a half-mermaid hybrid, but he was only human after all.
~
That Friday, Ethan walked me to the parking lot and asked me what I was doing on Saturday. I told him that Cruz and I had planned a trip to the city, wondering if he was thinking about going surfing again. I wanted to surf so badly I could taste it, but I’d already called Evie, and I knew she was busy planning our day together.
“Do you miss it?” he asked, “Living in the city?”
“There’s a lot to do there,” I said, thinking about the museums and theaters. “But I miss Evie, and that’s who we’re going to see.”
He nodded. “When are you moving back?” he asked.
“My dad gets home this summer,” I said, “But you never know with him, we usually go where his latest project takes him.”
“What about college?” he asked.
“I don’t know ... Cruz is going to design school in San Francisco, and I want him to move in with us. Maybe I’ll stay in the city and go to school with him.”
We walked slowly to the parking lot.
“Have you talked to your dad yet?” he asked, stopping me in my tracks. 
I hadn’t. After my talk with Abby I was even more fearful of upsetting him. I was afraid he might send me away from Aptos to keep from having to deal with the truth—taking away any chance I had of finding out more. The one thing I knew for sure was that he didn’t behave rationally when the subject of my mother came up.
“No,” I said, looking down, forced to face my fears. “We write e-mails back and forth, but I—I’ve been putting off calling. I think I should ask him about it face to face.”
“You must miss him,” Ethan said.
“Do you know what I miss?” I said, wanting to forget about confronting my father. “Surfing!”
He smiled at me.
“No seriously, I was at the beach yesterday and it was all I could do to keep from jumping in! I can’t wait to try it again!” I said with enthusiasm. I must have said something wrong because he started to look a little worried.
“It’s okay, I know it’s not a good idea to go out alone,” I said, thinking about all of Ethan’s safety rules. “But I mean, I do miss surfing. And swimming. I can’t stop thinking about it. I have the most amazing dreams about being in the water every single night.”
His handsome face was increasingly concerned.   
“Don’t worry! I won’t do anything stupid again. It’s just ... I had so much fun, I felt so happy that day. I really want to go again. I can’t wait a whole week! Can we please go after school on Monday?”
He looked uncomfortable, and I was confused.
“What?” I asked him, “What’s wrong?”
“Marina, we need to talk,” he said. When we got to the parking lot Cruz was waiting at the car.
I turned to Ethan. “Why don’t you drive me home?”
“Yeah, good idea,” he said. He waited for me by his truck when I went over to tell Cruz he could go along without me.
“Is everything alright?” Cruz asked, reading my apprehensive face.
“I don’t know,” I replied, starting to worry. “But I’ll find out.” I gave him the keys and a quick hug. “See you at home.”
Ethan held the door for me and I climbed into his truck, watching as he came around to slip in next to me. He looked even more serious than usual.
“What’s wrong?” I asked, a little fearful. There were still people milling about the parking lot, and I could see some of Ethan’s friends watching us.    
“Let’s get out of here,” he said.
We drove away from the school lot and headed up the coast a bit. He pulled off onto a small lane that came to a dead end. We were up on a hill that looked out over the harbor, and I could see Ethan’s apartment building covered with fuchsia blossoms below. He parked the truck and turned towards me, a strange look in his cobalt blue eyes.
He exhaled. “I’ve been thinking about this all week.”  
I looked over at him nervously. “What?” 
“This is going to sound a little weird, but it’s been bugging me.”
“What is it?” A feeling of dread washed over me, and I imagined that he was going to tell me he didn’t want to surf with me anymore.
“I was talking to Long last Sunday, at the market. He was telling everyone about how you dove in to save Shayla. He thinks that there’s something ... supernatural going on.”
I looked at him with horror. “You didn’t say anything, did you?”
“Of course not!” he exclaimed, looking offended.
I looked down. “I’m sorry ... I guess he figured out that I couldn’t have possibly saved Shayla on my own.”
“No, not at all,” he looked at me sincerely. His eyes were so blue I could have gone for a swim in them. “He was impressed by your bravery. Everyone is—it’s just that he’s been talking about all this stuff with his Grandfather.”
“Lue Khang?”
“Yes. You know how he was going on about the water spirits calling you?”
I nodded. “I think he saw her. I think he knows about Lorelei.”
“I do too. What Lue was saying, what he thinks ...” he took a deep breath. “The Hmong believe that there are spirits that live in the natural world. They can protect you or they can be angry. He thinks the water spirits are offended. He says that something has been taken from them.”
“What?” I asked.
“He thinks it’s you. He thinks they want something from you.”
“Me?”
“He said they call to you, and that’s why you’re always ending up in trouble. I know it sounds crazy, but I can’t help but worry there may be, I don’t know—something to it.”
“He’s just superstitious,” I said.
“But Marina, I mean, you didn’t even know how to swim and now you can’t seem to stay out of the water. It’s like you’re drawn to it.”
I protested, “Hey! You’re in the water all the time!”
“You seem to see a mermaid every time you go near the ocean...”
“You saw her too, and so did Megan and Cruz! And maybe Lue.” I frowned. “So I’m not the only one.”
“You’re the only one who can understand them.”
“I know,” I conceded, “But that’s because of my mother.”
He took a deep breath, “Exactly. What if she’s what they’re missing?”
“My mother? I can’t do anything about that,” I said.
He was quiet for a moment, as though he was debating whether to tell me or not. “Marina, there’s something else. It’s what’s been bothering me.”
“What is it?” I asked, “What else?”
“Lue says … The Hmong believe, that in a situation like this a sacrifice needs to be made.”
My blood ran cold. I had been worrying about Ethan, afraid they would hurt him. Now I was terrified. My eyes flew open wide.
“What if they do something to you?” I gasped.
He looked at me like I was crazy. “You’re worried about me?”
“Well, you’re always surfing, and–”
There was a scratching sound on the truck. We both looked up to see a seagull that had landed on the hood. The bird advanced on the windshield, coming straight towards me. It waved its beak slowly, like it was saying no, turning each eye to face me for a better look. I was reminded of the whale’s eye the night on the buoy. The bird flew away, and I looked back into Ethan’s alarmed eyes.
“Superstitious?” he asked with raised eyebrows.
“I don’t know.” I was spooked, but I tried not to show it. “Nothing makes sense to me anymore.”
“Promise me you won’t do anything reckless,” he asked me.
“I promise if you do.”
He drove me home in silence, each of us holding in our thoughts. He got out to walk me to the door.
“Just be careful,” we both said at the same time, and laughed. I hugged him impulsively, and felt his body tense up. I pulled away, feeling awkward, when he gathered me back into him tightly, wrapping his arms around me like a cloak. He buried his face in my hair and drew in a deep breath. Our bodies fit together like two puzzle pieces, and we stood there for a minute, afraid to move, not wanting to part.
A dog walker jangled by, breaking the spell.
“Have a good time tomorrow,” he said in a husky voice, turning to leave. I went into the house in a daze, nearly running into Cruz as he came down the hall.
“So, what did Ethan have to say?” he asked me. I gathered my thoughts.
“He was only worried about me, he wanted to warn me to be careful.”
“Oh really,” he said skeptically.
I smiled, “Yeah, he wants me to be careful when I drive you to Evie’s tomorrow!”
“Lord have mercy,” Cruz said as he walked past me into the kitchen.

~

CHAPTER SEVENTEEN
EVIE

~

We drove to San Francisco with the convertible top down, music turned up loud, and wind blasting back our hair. I wore one of my prettiest new dresses and Cruz looked stylish in a black leather jacket and riding boots, a striped scarf artfully draped around his neck. We were making our escape, leaving behind all the stress of the past few weeks. 
We drove along the coast the whole way, enjoying views of bucolic farmland and wild unspoiled bluffs with foaming surf raging below. My driving skills had improved considerably and we made it into the apartment building’s underground garage in no time. Boris came out to meet us at the entrance and took the Porsche to park it in Evie’s level.
“Allo sveetheart,” he said to me as I handed him the keys.
“Hi Boris! This is my cousin Cruz.” Boris scowled at him as we unloaded two large garment bags from the tiny back seat.
“Bets you’ve been liking za Porsche,” said Boris, eyeing Cruz suspiciously.
“Yes—it’s been great!” I said, giving him a quick hug. I took Cruz’s arm and led him to the elevator.
“That is one scary looking Russian!” Cruz said under his breath.
“Boris?” I laughed. “He’s really the sweetest guy. He’s just super protective of Evie.”
We took the elevator up to my apartment, popping inside to get cleaned up before we went over to Evie’s. I almost expected to see my dad when we walked in, but the place was empty and the air was still. I went into my room and felt like a visitor, like I was a million years older. I ran a brush through my snarled hair as Cruz stood at the window, taking in the view that swept across the city and ended with the Golden Gate Bridge.
“Wow,” he gasped. “It’s even better than I remembered it!”
I showed Cruz my art studio, a spacious high ceilinged room with the same spectacular view through a much bigger window.
“You have to stay here when you’re in design school! We could share the studio space and you could have the guest room.”
“That would be awesome!” he enthused. “We could have tons of fun in the city.”
“It’s a plan,” I said.
Cruz sighed heavily. “I wish we were done with high school.”
“I know,” I sympathized, “If it wasn’t for you and Megan I’d be outta there.”
“What about Ethan?” Cruz asked slyly.
Ignoring his comment, I shepherded him towards the door. “Ready to go meet Evie?”
“Let’s do it,” he said.
We crossed the hall over to Evie’s apartment and banged on the door. It swung open and Evie threw her arms around me while the two little dogs danced at our feet. She was fully done up for our big day, dressed in couture Valentino with her hair coiffed elaborately. I introduced Cruz, and he just stood, transfixed.
“Come in, come in,” Evie said, gesturing us inside.
Cruz was frozen at the doorway. I took his arm and led him in.
“Marina,” He was wide-eyed. “You didn’t tell me that your Aunt Evie was the Evelyn Pond!”
Evie beamed at him, clearly pleased. After Cruz recovered his composure, he went on and on about how Evie was a true fashion icon, who had inspired some of the great designers of her generation.
“She was the first real ‘it girl’,” he said reverently. “Why didn’t you tell me?”
“I knew she was famous.” I shrugged. “But she’s always just been Aunt Evie to me.” Evie smiled and gave me a squeeze.
“Your cousin is very knowledgeable about fashion,” pronounced Evie. If she was taken aback at all by Cruz’s makeup and piercings, she didn’t show it. She looked at the garment bags Cruz had slung over his shoulder.
“Come, let’s have a peek at all these marvelous designs that Marina tells me about.”
We unzipped the bags and Cruz pulled out one spectacular piece after another, spreading them out onto Evie’s plushly upholstered sofas. She gushed over each item, taking note of the exquisite workmanship and detail. I don’t think I’d ever seen Cruz so happy, and the feeling washed over me, so powerful it was contagious.
I looked around fondly at Evie’s enormous and opulently decorated apartment, a riot of gilt and velvet, silk and color. It was so different from my own sparsely furnished place it was almost comical. The floors were graced with dozens of intricate Persian rugs, and every horizontal surface held an object of ornate beauty. The walls were lined with colorful paintings and tapestries, and silver framed portraits of Evie taken by famous photographers crowded the top of her baby grand piano.
When Cruz pulled out the mermaid inspired dress Evie oohed and ahhed.
“You should see that on Marina,” he said, turning to me. “Could you, please?”
I took the gown to Evie’s dressing room. I slipped it on, and was reminded of when Ethan came in and saw me in it. That was the first day I truly started believing what Lorelei told me about my mother, I thought, feeling a twinge of regret. There was no going back now. I looked in the mirror and admired how beautiful the gown really was. Even without the extreme makeup and hair the dress looked amazing.
I gasped as a sharp pain bloomed inside my head and a sudden rush of gut-wrenching fear gripped me. Ethan, all I could think about was Ethan. I had to sit down to catch my breath. Maybe putting on the dress triggered some kind of panic attack. The strange feeling passed and I pulled myself together, rubbing my temples.
When I came out Cruz and Evie had their heads together over his clothes, animatedly chatting away. Clearly they were kindred spirits, and I felt better watching them. Evie looked up to see me and gasped.
“Oh Marina! It’s divine! My goodness Cruz, you are a major talent!” 
Cruz looked so proud I thought he’d burst. We spent the next few hours sipping tea and talking about clothes, fashion and designers. Evie showed Cruz her cavernous dressing room, stocked full of vintage gowns going back fifty years. He was like a kid in a candy store, fussing over each rare item she extracted from her massive wardrobe.
“Why didn’t you bring this wonderful young man to meet me sooner?” Evie scolded me.
“I honestly didn’t know he was into this stuff!” I protested.
Cruz defended me, “I didn’t show anybody what I was up to for ages. I never met anyone in Aptos who cared about fashion.”
“Well you have us now!” exclaimed Evie. “What are your plans for the future?”
We talked for a while about Cruz coming to the city to attend design school. I think Evie was even more excited than I was at the prospect of having him living across the hall from her. I smiled happily at both of them, inordinately pleased. I’d hoped that Evie and Cruz would hit it off, and I was thrilled that she liked his clothes. Evie had an unerring eye for talent. If she took someone under her wing they were certain to succeed.
“My goodness! Look at the time! We have lunch reservations at the club in half an hour.”
I changed out of the gown and we took the elevator down to the parking garage. Boris had the Rolls waiting, warmed up and ready to drive. Evie took Cruz on a quick tour of her late husband’s automobile collection, which filled a whole level of the building’s garage. Cruz was floored by all the beautiful cars, and particularly enamored of a shining silver Jaguar. I knew nothing about cars, but its sleek lines were appealing, and I had to admit it was a beauty.
Evie turned to me while Cruz wandered among the cars. “Your cousin is an absolute delight. And he’s so deliciously counter-culture. I can’t wait until the girls at the club see him!”
I laughed at her. Evie was enchanted by unique and talented people. I had a feeling she was already hatching plans to make Cruz her new project. I grinned when I thought of the thrill ride that was in store for him. He was going to love getting to know Evie.
When Boris showed up with the Rolls I persuaded Cruz to drive it, since he had more experience behind the wheel. He was nervous but excited, taking the wheel with eager eyes. Evie asked Boris to prepare the Jaguar for us to take home.
“These cars need to get out more often,” she explained, “And you can come up to see me again in a few weeks and trade it for another.”
We arrived with great fanfare to lunch at Evie’s club, where we were given the royal treatment. Waiters fussed and flapped around our table, showering us with attention. I knew that Evie was an excellent tipper, but they all seemed genuinely eager to please her. Cruz was mightily impressed with everything he saw, hanging on Evie’s every word and gesture. It occurred to me that he was in the early stages of his training to enter the rarified world of fashion design.
Seated at a plush banquette, we were surrounded by colorful saltwater fish tanks. Every time I looked up I saw fishy little eyes watching me, and I decided against ordering seafood. I caught myself daydreaming about swimming amongst them, spinning around and around the pink coral in a watery ballet.
Evie wasted no time, and she commissioned Cruz to make her a gown for a New Year’s Eve ball she’d be attending when she wintered in Switzerland. The gala would be loaded with European high society and “simply everyone” would be there. They chattered away with their heads together, coming up with color schemes while Cruz sketched feverishly on napkins. 
I was daydreaming myself, lost in thoughts of mermaids and their mysteries. I wondered if Lue Khang’s theory about water spirits could possibly be true.
“Earth to Marina!” Cruz interrupted my musings, waving a hand before my eyes. “Won’t that be a blast?”
“What?” I asked, coming back to reality.
“I’ve made plans to visit Madame Fatima,” Evie announced. “We’re all going to have a reading of our futures! I see a beautiful gown in mine.” She winked at Cruz.
We picked up the car from the valet and drove to the outskirts of the city. Evie directed us to a quiet residential neighborhood, where we parked in front of a small pink stucco house. We passed through a wrought iron gate and entered a courtyard built around an ornate rococo fountain that was green with moss. 
A black cat slunk away as we approached, and strange little garden gnomes peeked out from behind lush ferns. A tiled mosaic pathway circled the fountain and ended at a door painted black and surrounded by evil eye amulets.
Evie’s penchant for visiting psychics, palm readers and new age spiritualists had taken us all over the city, and although this was one of the more unusual locations we’d visited to I wasn’t impressed. I knew that Madame Fatima was simply the flavor of the month.
A small, elaborately dressed woman answered the door and led the three of us into a richly appointed sitting room. The dark red walls were lined with stern faced portraits whose eyes seemed to follow you, and the air was thick with the pungent scent of cloves and pepper. 
The first thing that struck me about Madame Fatima was her large, dark, deeply set eyes. Glittering like polished onyx, they struck me as ancient and reptilian. Those arresting orbs were set in a face that was stoic, unmoving and unreadable. She looked as though could have been carved from stone. 
The overall effect was startling, and I found myself wondering not only where this one came from, but when. The lighting in the room added to the general aura of other-worldliness. Tiffany glass table lamps were draped with lacy black scarves, and hung in the air. Fatima motioned for us to sit on a narrow Victorian couch upholstered in a velvety brocade.
She must be taking Evie for a lot of money, I thought. My father and I had never approved of Evie’s passion for the occult, but it made her happy when someone claimed to put her in touch with her late husband, and it usually seemed harmless enough. Dad saw to it that I was schooled me in the scientific method, and counseled me to be skeptical about Evie’s supernatural beliefs. I wondered how a man like him could have found himself married to a mermaid.
Fatima chose to do Evie’s reading first, and led her into some inner sanctum down the hallway. Cruz turned to look at me with nervous eyes, clearly spooked, and I laughed so suddenly I snorted.
“Oh come on,” I said between chortles. “What do you think she’s gonna say?” I crossed my eyes at him, mimicking one of Evie’s past favorites, “You vill be reech and famous.” We dissolved into a fit of giggles despite the spooky surroundings. Evie returned with a satisfied air about her, and plunked down next to me. Fatima beckoned for Cruz to follow her.
“Fatima is different,” Evie said in a hushed tone. “She has the gift.”
When Cruz returned after his reading he looked serious but calm. “I believe her,” he whispered with conviction. I flashed him an irritated look and stood to take my turn. Fatima led me down a narrow hall into a darkened octagonal room lined with thin strips of mirrored tile. There was a candle flickering in the middle of a small table, and the ceiling was draped with deep purple velvet. It felt like the inside of a tent except for the fractured reflections on the surrounding walls. I took one of the two seats at the table and Fatima sat opposite me.
She inspected me carefully, and I wondered how much Evie had already told her. Fatima touched the black lace of her collar and sucked in a sharp breath.
“Put your hands on the table, palms facing up,” she commanded in a sonorous droning voice. I complied, eager to get it over with. She looked across the table at me and a knowing smile played about her mouth. “You do not believe,” she guessed correctly. “No matter. The spirits do not busy themselves with mortal concerns.”
“That’s good,” I said flippantly, annoyed by the way she rolled her r’s. Madame Fatima took a second deep breath and rubbed her palms together before placing them on mine. Her eyes sprang open wide, registered blind shock, and then went completely blank.
“There is an inheritance, a birthright you must claim,” she intoned. 
Wrong person, I thought with amusement, you have me mixed up with Cruz. She continued her reading, and suddenly it was as if someone else—someone stronger—spoke through her tiny body, “The spirits require a sacrifice. Something of importance must be surrendered.” She drew a jagged, stuttering breath. “The water holds the key ... you have powers ... you have powers far greater than mine.” She lowered her chin to her chest. “The ancestral water holds the key.”
I yanked my hands back, shocked.
She looked up, her face impassive once more, her ancient eyes guarded. “That is all.”
The water reference was what got me, and the part about sacrifice. It echoed what Ethan had told me about Lue Song’s predictions, and made me want to find Lorelei again desperately. My mind was racing as I stumbled back into the sitting room. Evie thanked Fatima and we headed out into the fresh air and daylight.
“Well, what did I tell you? Was she not magnificent?” gushed Evie.
We piled into the car for the drive back to the apartment. I sat quietly in the back seat while Evie and Cruz compared notes about their readings, equally impressed with their authenticity.
“She knew about my father!” Cruz gasped in astonishment. He started animatedly telling Evie the shocking story of how he learned about his inheritance. Until today, he wasn’t sure if he was going to respond to the letter or not.
“How heart-wrenching!” she empathized. She was fascinated with any kind of human drama, and the story of Abby’s love affair and abandonment really touched a nerve with her. Evie loved paradoxes, and the fact that honest, sweet Abby could have deceived Cruz all these years intrigued her.
“Oh what a tangled web we weave,” she said sadly.
Cruz went on to explain that Fatima had asked him about a certain amount of money that was being sent his way, and advised him to accept it. Surprise surprise, the skeptic in me thought.
“She said it was the will of one in the spirit world,” Cruz said solemnly.
“Your father is reaching out to you ... from the great beyond,” said Evie with her hand to her throat.
I scoffed at them from the back seat, my arms crossed.
“Alright little miss skeptic,” snarked Cruz. “What did Fatima say to you?”
“Just the usual,” I lied, “You know, that I’ll find true love and be wildly successful.”
Cruz laughed, “Well, the love part seems to be true already.”
Upon which Evie started grilling Cruz for information. I sat squirming the whole way back while Cruz told Evie tales about my friendship with Ethan.
“My little sister ... in love for the first time,” Evie said dreamily.
“Sister?” Cruz wondered.
“Sister, niece—whatever!” fussed Evie. She turned to wink at me and I laughed, for that had always been our little joke with waiters and shopkeepers. Evie had a thing about growing old, and she didn’t like it when people took us for mother and daughter.
We walked Evie back to the apartment and gathered up the clothes. Cruz took Evie’s measurements, and plans were made for a return visit and dress fitting. We hugged and air kissed our goodbyes, making our way to the parking garage where the Jaguar was gassed up and ready to go.
“Enjoy it sveetie,” said Boris with a nod, handing me the keys.
“You can take us home,” I told Cruz as I passed them on to him. We pulled out of the garage and took the freeway back to Aptos.
Cruz was clearly enjoying driving the sleek silver Jaguar. He turned to me. “You sure weren’t exaggerating about her!” He grinned and shook his head. “I can’t believe I just met Evelyn Pond!”
“That’s my Aunt Evie,” I said with a chuckle.
“My God! What an amazing woman! You are so lucky to have grown up with her. And she’s aging magnificently! She’s like a real life Auntie Mame!”
“I know, and the fortune teller? Pure Evie.”
Cruz nodded. “That was freaky. Fatima really helped me, though.”
“So you decided to find out what your father left you?” I asked.
“There’s no point in being angry at a dead man. I might as well know.”
“What kind of dress are you going to make for Evie?” I asked, switching to a more pleasant topic.
“Hopefully one she loves.”
We spent the rest of the drive home discussing fabric choices, color schemes and styles that might look best on Evie. We turned onto our street to see a figure sitting on our porch. I thought it was Abby at first, but as we drew near I recognized Shayla. She came forward to meet the car as we pulled in.
“Here comes trouble,” said Cruz under his breath. I knew instantly there was something wrong, and I jumped out of the car, my heart pounding in my throat.
“What is it?” I cried.
“It’s Ethan,” said Shayla. “He like, had a accident. He’s in the hospital.”
The blood ran out of my face and I steadied myself, clutching the car door. A voice in my head was screaming, “I knew it! I knew it!”
“What happened?” I gasped, the wind knocked out of me.
“A bunch of us were surfing up the coast when some local dudes showed up. They kept dropping in on people. One of them wiped out on Ethan and nailed him in the head. He was bleeding real bad. He was asking for you.”
My hands were shaking as I reached to Cruz, “Give me the keys,” I said, my voice flat.
“I’d better drive you,” Cruz said, glancing over at me. He turned to address Shayla, “Can we drop you off anywhere?”
Shayla looked surprised that Cruz even spoke to her. “Uh, no ... No thanks. I can walk home from here.”
We got in the car and rushed over to the hospital. I was sick to my stomach, because I should have known it; I had a feeling something was going on with Ethan. I remembered the cold fear that had washed over me in San Francisco, and I knew with an awful certitude that he had been hurt at that precise moment. The pain in my head returned. 
Cruz got us to the hospital and found out what floor he was on. We raced over to the nurses’ station and a man approached us.
“Cruz?” He asked, looking a little taken aback by his unusual appearance. He turned towards me. “You must be Marina.”
“Marina, this is Ethan’s dad,” said Cruz.
“Call me Dutch,” he said, shaking my hand. He was tall like Ethan, with graying sandy hair. He had the weather-beaten face of an outdoorsman, and kind eyes that were deep blue like Ethan’s. I had another sharp twinge of pain in my head and saw a crystal clear picture of Abby and Dutch standing hand in hand in the doorway of Abby’s house. 
I struggled not to show it, but I felt like I was losing my mind.
“How is he?” I asked when I could speak, fear and pain in my eyes. Dutch looked a little alarmed at my intensity, and he filled us in on the details as he led us down the hall.
“He’s going to be alright,” he said, trying to soothe me with his voice, “He needed a lot of sewing up but they tell me it looks worse than it is. They’re keeping him overnight to make sure.” 
Dutch turned to me at the door. “He’s resting now, but he’s been asking for you.”
Ethan was lying with his eyes closed and a huge swath of gauze bandage wrapped around his head. I rushed to his side and studied him acutely. I took his hand in mine and was relieved to find that it was warm. He was breathing regularly but he didn’t stir. I looked up to meet his dad’s eyes.
“Can I wait here?” I asked, “Until he wakes up?”
“I think he’d like that,” said Dutch. He studied me perceptively. “Are you sure you’re gonna be alright? You look like you could use some rest yourself.”
“I’m OK,” I insisted. The pain in my head was already beginning to recede. I turned to Cruz, who was standing awkwardly at the door. “You can go home now, I’ll be fine. I’ll call you to come get me later.”
Cruz gave me a quick hug, said he’d be waiting for news, and left.
Ethan’s dad stretched and yawned. “I’m going to get something to eat, can I bring you anything?”
“No thank you,” I pulled a stool up alongside the bed.
“Thanks for coming,” he said, “I didn’t want to leave him alone ’till they’re sure he can go home.” I could see he was tired and worried too.
“I’m not going anywhere,” I said firmly.
As I watched Ethan’s sleeping face, I couldn’t help thinking about the mermaids. Could they have been behind the accident? I felt a surge of anger at the thought. This was between them and me. I resolved to confront them. Whether or not they were responsible for this, I couldn’t go on constantly worrying about what they might do to him.
I leaned over the bed, stroking his cheek with my fingertips. His eyes fluttered open and focused on my face.
“You’re here,” he smiled.
“Ethan,” I whispered, hot tears burning behind my eyes. “I’m so sorry...”
“Don’t cry,” he said. He reached for my hand clumsily. “I’m okay.” He pressed my hand to his face and sighed. He closed his eyes again, “Don’t leave me,” he mumbled. 
On an impulse, I bent down and kissed him on the forehead, moving down to kiss him again softly on the lips. He drifted back to sleep as I laid my cheek alongside his, willing him to get better. His face felt rough against mine, and his hair smelled like salt water. 
I wanted to crawl into bed and wrap myself around him, as if my body could somehow protect him. Instead, I sat on the stool and rested my head against his chest, reassured by his strong and steady heartbeat.
I must have dozed off almost immediately, because the next thing I knew Abby was gently shaking my shoulder. “Marina, wake up.” I opened my eyes, disoriented, to see Abby and Dutch in the room with us. Several hours had passed, and Ethan was still sleeping.
“Cruz told me what happened and I thought you might want to get changed,” she said.
I stood up and smoothed my wrinkled dress. I must look like a mess, I thought.
“I brought you some things from home,” Abby said with a concerned look, holding up one of my totes.
“Thanks Abby.” I took my bag gratefully. “I’ll just be a few minutes.” 
I found the restroom and looked at myself in the mirror. My hair was messy, and there was mascara smudged under my eyes. I washed my face and checked the contents of my bag. Abby had packed a change of clothes, a brush, and a toothbrush. I was grateful for how thoughtful she always was. 
By the time I came back out Dutch and Abby were sitting side by side in the lounge with their heads together. She looked like an earth mother, wearing a long skirt made of old blue jeans and a colorfully embroidered Mexican peasant blouse. Abby brought a soothing, calm feeling to the hospital; somehow her presence made things seem brighter.  
She looked up with one of her radiant smiles. “The doctor says he’ll be just fine.” 
I could see Dutch watching Abby with fascination, and I wasn’t surprised when he looked up at me with flushed cheeks. Was it my imagination or was something happening between them? I thought about the image I’d seen of them together.
“He’s awake now, they’re checking on his sutures,” Dutch told me.
I entered the room to see a nurse pulling back the bandage to reveal Ethan’s shaved temple. There was a nasty cut with a row of scary looking stitches holding it together. I gasped and Ethan looked towards the sound, smiling when he spotted me me. “That bad, huh?” 
The nurse glanced over. “Don’t worry hun, your boyfriend is gonna be just fine.”
I felt the blood rush to my face.
She addressed Ethan as she replaced the bandage, “It’s closed up nicely, but you do have a concussion. You need to take a break from surfing for a couple of weeks.”
Ethan groaned. “Weeks?”
“Weeks,” she said firmly. She bustled out of the room, shaking her head, “Surfers!” she said with mock exasperation.
I sat down on the stool next to him, serious and stern. “What happened? Did you see her? Was it one of them?”
“No! It was just some jerk who dropped in on me,” he said, meeting my eyes. Then he added, “I might have seen her though...”
“She was there?” I asked angrily, my temper rising.
“It’s not like that!” He was surprised by my anger. “I thought I spotted her off in the distance, and I suppose I wasn’t watching out for that fool ... I should have been able to avoid him.” He grimaced. “How long was I out of it? When did you get here?”
“Cruz and I got home this afternoon and Shayla told us what happened.”
“Whoa,” he said, gingerly touching the bandage on his head. “I don’t even remember how I got here.”
I realized he didn’t remember me being there earlier either. I was kind of relieved, blushing at the thought of kissing him as he lay there helpless.
“Cruz came too and dropped me off. I wanted to wait until you woke up ... to find out what happened. I was afraid they had something to do with it! I—I had a bad feeling something like this was going to happen.” How could I explain my visions to him without sounding crazy?
“Marina, it wasn’t one of them.”
“Now you sound like me,” I said impatiently, “I have to find out what they’re up to.”
Ethan looked alarmed. He reached out and grabbed my hand. “Swear to me you won’t go out looking for them.”
“I’ll be careful,” I said with confidence, squeezing his hand. “Don’t worry,” I added softly.
Abby and Dutch came in the room before he could say anything else. Ethan looked up, surprised to see them together. Abby gave Ethan a warm hug and told him how worried everyone had been.
“I need to get you home. It’s getting late,” Abby said to me, “You can come back first thing in the morning.”
I nodded, all of a sudden drained, and looked up to meet Ethan’s anxious eyes.
Abby turned to Dutch, “It was nice to see you again ... I’m sorry it was under such terrible circumstances.” She seemed a little nervous as she ushered me out of the room.
“Bye—I’ll see you tomorrow,” I told him. I turned back to see two pairs of blue eyes watching us go.
“Wow!” Abby gasped as she drove us home. “I totally forgot how cute Ethan’s dad was.”

~

CHAPTER EIGHTEEN
HAIRCUT

~

Suspended in a black cavern, I was surprised to be breathing. Cool heavy water flowed in and out of my lungs, and I looked around me in shocked incredulity. There were at least twenty of them, all young and impossibly beautiful. They shimmered with a cool blue light that reflected off the sheer rock walls. Terrified, I wanted out of there.
~
I woke with a start. I was standing on the street in front of the house. It was still dark outside, but the pink tinge on the horizon told me that it was nearly dawn. I looked down at my bare feet and legs in confusion. As I came fully awake I realized with a shock that I was sleepwalking! 
The last thing I remembered was wearily putting on an old t-shirt to sleep in, and here I stood out in the street. I sped up the driveway to discover that I’d left the front door ajar. I scurried inside and locked it behind me. I tiptoed back to my room, the strange dream forgotten. Thank goodness I woke up before anyone saw me.
I threw on some jeans and a blouse over a lacy white camisole. I was planning to see Ethan in the hospital but first there was someone I had to talk to. I decided to get going early. I pulled my hair back into a ponytail and grabbed the car keys, slipping out of the house before anyone could stop me. I wasn’t supposed to drive without a licensed driver, but with everything that had been going on, this was no time to get hung up on technicalities.
I found the Jaguar was easier to drive than the Porsche, and I got the hang of it quickly. I pulled up to the farmer’s market early, and sat in the parking lot to watch the vendors arriving. People were busy setting up tents and tables, and the coffee stand was already doing a brisk business catering to their fellow market workers. I got out of the car and in line for a cappuccino and a breakfast roll.
I ate, sipping my coffee as I watched for Lue Khang. I saw his grandson Long bustling around in the stand that Ethan usually worked. When Lue finally shuffled around the corner I gathered my thoughts and approached him. I was a little taken aback when he looked up and nodded like he had been expecting me all along.
“Come and sit down,” he said, gesturing for me to follow him to the tables he had set up behind his stand. I sat, watching as he left for a moment to return with a teapot and two small ceramic cups.
“No thanks, I had coffee,” I said.
“Have tea also,” he insisted, pouring two cups.
“Okay, thank you,” I took a sip to be polite. “Lue, I was wondering–”
“You want to know about the water spirits,” he said.
I nodded, relieved, “Why do you think they’re unhappy?”
“They call to you. They want something from you.”
“I don’t understand. What am I supposed to do? How am I supposed to make them happy?”
“You want to know how to appease them.”
“Yes!” I smiled, encouraged. “What do they want from me?”
“I don’t know,” he said. My spirits fell in disappointment. He poured more tea into our cups and continued, “You must sacrifice something of great value. You must bring honor to your ancestors. These things are impossible for anyone but you to know.”
My ancestors? Did he know about me? I was confused and dismayed. This was not going at all how I had hoped. I had one more question. “Lue?” I bit my lip. “These water spirits ... can they ... would they ... take something from me, something I value?” I could see an image of Ethan lying in the hospital bed.
Lue studied me as if he was seeing me for the first time. “It is not a sacrifice unless it is given freely.”
An enormous wave of relief washed over me. This was going to be between me and them. That was all I needed to know. I jumped up and gave him a hug. I looked up into the shocked face of Long as I turned to go.
“Thanks for the tea!” I grinned as I bowed deeply to Lue. I practically danced all the way to the car, and when I got to the hospital I took the stairs two at a time. When I arrived at Ethan’s room he was sitting on the edge of the bed with his street clothes on.
“Good morning!” I bounded in. “Checkout time?”
He smiled at my enthusiasm. “You look ... happier.”
I couldn’t wipe the smile from my face. “I am. How are you feeling?”
“Better now,” he regarded me with amusement. “I’m taking the day off work, wanna hang out?”
“Sure,” I said, “Can I give you a ride home?”
Just then a hospital orderly entered the room with a wheelchair. My grin grew wider. I remembered this. “Time for the roll of shame,” I said to Ethan with a smirk.
“Hospital rules,” the orderly looked at him and gestured to the chair. Ethan rolled his eyes at me and took a seat. We rode the elevator down to the lobby and reached the exit to find Dutch waiting there.
“Good morning Marina,” he said.
“It is, “ I replied with a smile. 
“Do you mind if I get a ride with Marina?” Ethan asked him.
Dutch looked tired. “Sure. Go ahead, I’m going home to bed.” I realized he had been there all night.
“I promise I’ll get him home in one piece,” I said. “I’ll go get the car.”
I went to fetch the Jaguar and pulled it up to the curb, climbing out to join them. Dutch looked taken aback, but Ethan just laughed and shook his head. “I see you have a new ride,” he said with a shake of his bandaged head. 
“Cruz liked the Jaguar,” I explained as I opened the passenger door. “So Evie insisted we take it.” 
“See you later Dad,” Ethan said before he climbed in. I went around to the driver’s side and took the wheel. 
“You,” Ethan rolled his eyes at me. “Are spoiled.”
His words stung. “I never asked for any of this … I hope you don’t think that I’m not grateful for the things Evie gives me.”
“I was just kidding. I didn’t mean it,” he said softly. “I’m glad you came.”
I nodded. “Me too.” 
“So when did you get your driver’s license?” he asked.
“I haven’t yet, “ I admitted, turning to him with a guilty smile. “But we can consider this a lesson.” I headed out on the road towards Ethan’s house.
“I’m glad to be out of there. I hate hospitals,” Ethan said and I agreed.
“You know, you look like a mummy with that bandage on your head,” I teased him.
“Very funny. They shaved a big patch from one side—I think I’ll go to the barber and have him take it all off.”
“Do you have any clippers?” I asked, “I happen to be an expert.”
Ethan raised his eyebrows and looked over at me.
We got to Ethan’s and Dutch pulled up right next to us. I looked out across the harbor to see the sunlight sparkling on dark blue water—it was shaping up to be a beautiful day. We all walked in together, and I offered Ethan my arm as we climbed the stairs. 
Ethan asked his dad if they still had clippers, explaining that I’d offered to give him a trim. When Dutch went to look Ethan asked if I’d mind waiting a few minutes while he took a quick shower.
“No problem. Take your time,” I said. I remembered how it felt to want to rinse the feeling of hospital from your body.
After a few minutes Dutch emerged from his room brandishing the clippers. “They still work,” he announced. “You’re not going to take an ear off or anything, are you?” he asked, tongue in cheek.
“I’ll have you know I have many hours of experience.” I sniffed, taking the clippers.
He looked at me with narrowed eyes, puzzled.
“On my Aunt Evie’s poodles,” I added with a wicked smile, making him roar with laughter. Ethan came in and looked back and forth at the two of us with surprise.
“What’s so funny?” he asked.
“Oh, nothing,” his dad replied with a wink at me. “I’m gonna go hit the sack.” He yawned and stretched, lingering for a moment. “Marina?”
“Yes?”
“Tell Abby it was really nice talking to her,” he said.
“Sure thing,” I replied with a smile before turning my attention to Ethan. “Ready?”
He took a seat at the kitchen table and I stood behind him. I gingerly started to unwrap the gauze around his head to reveal the wound.
“Do you have a first aid kit?” I asked.
“Do you plan on an accident or are you going to perform surgery now?” Ethan asked.
“Very amusing,” I said reproachfully. “You got your bandage wet and I need to change it.” He left, returning with a large box packed full of gauze, tape and bandages. I rummaged around in the container. “You certainly come prepared.”
“My dad’s,” he explained, “Fishermen get banged up a lot.”
“So do surfers, apparently.” I peeled back the pad that covered the large gash on his left temple. I bit my lip when I saw the row of black stitches that held the wound closed, touching the skin around them gently, my heart aching at the sight. I didn’t feel like joking around anymore. “Does it hurt?” I asked.
“Not really,” he said. I had a feeling he was downplaying it.
“It sure looks painful,” I carefully clipped the bits of hair that remained around the stitches.
“The doctor said it would be more itchy than anything,” he said. I picked out a good-sized sterile pad and bandage tape, redressing it as carefully as possible. I felt better once I had it covered up again.
I shaved down the side of his head to match what had already been taken off, and evened up the other side, circling around the chair. I was so focused on getting it symmetrical that I wasn’t nearly as nervous that being close to him usually made me. His eyes were closed and he had the same blissed out look on his face that Charlie got when you scratched him under the chin.
“Last chance for a Mohawk,” I teased him as I started in on the top. “Or, I could carve my initials in the back of your head...”
“You might as well,” he murmured.
I sheared the back evenly, thinking what a shame it was to see his beautifully sun-streaked hair fall to the floor. I left the top just a bit longer and blended it all in evenly, stepping back to admire my work. Not bad at all, I thought. It was a pretty good version of a military style crew cut, and I thought it suited him. He rubbed the top of his head and looked up at me.
“Well?” He asked.
“You look like a soldier,” I said, and he did. A really good looking one, I thought. He got up and brushed some hair off his shoulders. He went out the front door and peeled off his shirt to shake the hair out. I didn’t want to get caught staring, so I busied myself kneeling down to gather up the hair from the floor.
“I’ll get that,” he said, heading to the bathroom to take a look at himself.
He came out with a smile, satisfied. “Thanks, it looks good. Do you cut your dad’s hair or something?” he asked as he swept up the remaining hair clippings. I pressed my lips together to keep from laughing.
“No, I’ve only ever cut Pierre and Fifi’s before.”
“Whose?” he asked, looking suspicious.
“Evie’s toy poodles,” I confessed. “They like me better than the groomer.” I was relieved when he chuckled.
“I’m honored to be your first human,” he said with a wry smile. “And I like you better than the groomer too.”
“You were a whole lot easier than a squirmy little dog,” I laughed. “Plus, a nice round head beats teeny little poodle paws.”
He started laughing, “So, do you want to go somewhere?”  
“How are you feeling?” I asked. “Aren’t you supposed to be taking it easy?”
“I’m fine. In fact, I feel better than ever.” He thought for a moment. “Let me take you for a drive.”
“You just wanna get your hands on my Jaguar,” I said teasingly.
“Among other things,” he replied, making me blush.
We went out to the car and I handed him the keys. He got on the freeway heading north of town and took the college exit. We climbed up a steep winding road and parked in a lot at the top of a hill. Ethan took my hand and led me down a series of gravel paths that wound through a beautiful terraced garden. 
He explained that this was the university’s botanical collection and that he would be attending here next fall. The garden was divided into sections featuring specimens from different continents, and as we walked along he pointed out some of his favorite plants, noting which kinds he was thinking about trying out in Abby’s garden.
I liked Ethan like this, full of enthusiasm and plans. I felt like he was showing me a side of himself that no one else saw, and it made me feel special. We ambled around the hill, taking in the spectacular views of the ocean in the distance. He led me to a bench that looked out over the whole campus, and he pointed out some of the different buildings and told me what schools they housed.
“I hear they have a really good art department here,” he said casually. “Are you sure you want to go to school in the city?”
“Not really,” I said, scuffing my shoes in the gravel. “I don’t know what I should do. It’s funny, I see you and my dad, Cruz and Megan, and you all know what you’re supposed to do. I mean, I like art, but I’m not really sure what I’m good at.”
“You don’t see yourself at all, do you? It seems to me that you’re good at everything you try,” said Ethan sincerely.
“I had a dream I could breathe underwater,” I replied flippantly. “Maybe I’ll go swim with the mermaids.”
Ethan turned to look at me with shock in his eyes.
“Just kidding,” I said, alarmed by his reaction.
He sighed. “That’s not funny Marina. Don’t even joke about it.” 
He suddenly looked pale and tired. I felt like I had spoiled a perfect day, and worried that he wasn’t feeling well.
“I talked to Lue Khang this morning,” I said, trying to lighten the mood. “I think everything’s going to be fine now.”
He looked surprised. “Is that why you were in such a good mood this morning?”
I smiled encouragingly. “Yeah, I don’t think there’s anything to worry about.”
“Really?” he asked hopefully.
“Yes,” I nodded. “It’s all up to me.”
His eyes narrowed. “What exactly did Lue say?”
“He thinks they want something from me, but I get to decide what to do about it.”
“What do you mean?” he looked too serious.
I took his hand, wanting him to relax and stop worrying. “They won’t just take something ... I mean, it has to be something I give up on purpose.”
“Give up?” his eyes widened.
“Sacrifice ... trade—whatever! I can handle it. I’m not afraid of them.”
“Marina,” Ethan said solemnly. “I’m afraid for you.”
“It’s okay. I just need to make some sort of ... deal … with them. Even the fortune teller said that.”
“Fortune teller?”
“Evie took us to her psychic yesterday for a reading. She always has a spiritualist of one kind or another lurking around. I always thought it was a bunch of nonsense.”
“But you believe it now?”
“I don’t know. She said a few things that got me wondering. That’s why I decided to go see Lue this morning … just in case there’s something to it.”
Ethan sighed, and turned to look at me with a weary attempt at a smile. “What am I going to do with you?”
“How about you get something to eat with me?” I said, pulling him off the bench by both hands. “I’ll drive and you can critique me.”
I drove us back into town, watching him out of the corner of my eye. I came upon a little restaurant that looked good and parked. His face was averted, his eyes remote. He looked a little sad.
“Do you like Chinese?” I asked hopefully.
We discovered that we both liked spicy food, and ordered Szechuan style. The food was good, and we stayed a long time drinking tea and talking. I asked more questions about the university and his mood improved.
“I guess your dad probably wants you to go to school in the city,” he said morosely.
“I have no idea. It depends where his next project takes him.” I suddenly realized that I probably wouldn’t be traveling with him anymore when I started college.
“Don’t you like it here?” he asked. 
“I do,” I said. “I found out that I lived in that house with Abby for the first nine months of my life. Maybe that’s why I feel so at home there.”
I told him about the day Cruz found out about his father, and my conversation with Abby. He was surprised to hear the story of Cruz’s father, and sorry to hear what had happened to my mother. Talking about it made me uncomfortable, so I didn’t go into much detail.
“Poor Abby,” said Ethan. “She’s always been so nice to everybody.”
“I think your dad likes her.” 
“You noticed,” he said with a smile.
“Abby said she thought he was cute.” I probably shouldn’t have betrayed her confidence but I had a feeling Dutch might like hearing that.
“Really,” Ethan said. “I don’t think Dad’s even gone on a date since my mom took off.” It was the first time he mentioned his mom to me and I didn’t know what to say. He didn’t elaborate.
“Um, excuse me.” I headed towards the ladies room and paid the bill on the way to keep Ethan from trying to get it. He could have the next one. I hoped there would be a next one. 
When we got up to leave Ethan protested that he at least owed me for my hair cutting services, and we both found that equally funny. He looked drawn and tired, so I drove him straight home.
“Are you going to take some time off school?” I asked.
“I probably shouldn’t. I need to keep my grades up for my scholarship. Besides, I always enjoy seeing what you come up with in art class.”
“Very funny.” I scoffed, keeping my eyes on the road.
“My turn to walk you to your door,” I said. I got out with him and when we got to the top of the stairs he hugged me first, pulling me close.
“Marina,” he whispered in my ear. “Promise me you’ll stay away from them...”
I reached up and stroked the back of his fuzzy head, “If I can.”
“No!” he said hoarsely. “Promise me!” he gripped me a little too tightly.
“Look,” I said soothingly. “I’ll tell you before I decide on anything, okay?” I owed him that much after everything he’d done for me.
“Swear to me,” he insisted.
“I swear,” I said.
The door opened and I think Dutch was surprised to see us there.
“You’re back,” he said, and we awkwardly parted.
“I was just leaving,” I said to Dutch.
“Nice haircut,” he looked at Ethan with a smile.
“Bye guys, get some sleep,” I hurried down the stairs to the Jag.
I drove home slowly, thinking about what I should do. Nobody wanted me to have any contact with the mermaids. I could understand their point of view, but no one could see mine. I needed resolution, and forces I couldn’t explain compelled me. I knew in my heart that Lue and Fatima were right, and that I needed to settle some unknown issue.
 “The ancestral water holds the key,” I said aloud.
Evie always said that we could decide whether to be victims of fate or masters of our own destiny, but I wondered how much control I really had. I sensed that a confrontation was inevitable, and I could feel it coming, looming just offshore like a tempest blowing in from the sea. 
It would be visited upon me whether I liked it or not.
I sighed, putting the negative thoughts out of my mind. I was happy after spending the day with Ethan, and hopeful that things would work out okay—one way or the other. I pulled up to Abby’s cozy little house and a whisper of tranquility passed through me. 
I smiled, even though I pretty much knew it was only the calm before the storm.

~

CHAPTER NINETEEN
SLEEPWALKING

~

No sunlight could penetrate this deep. There was only a black void surrounding a circle of glowing mermaids. The eerie light they cast illuminated the grotesquely formed deep-sea fish that occasionally swam lazily past us. My feet were tingling and I looked down, relieved to see they were still there.
~
I opened my eyes to a blackness so complete I thought I was still dreaming. The damp and chill of the night air brought me fully awake, and I almost lost my balance, waving my hands in the pitch-black void. I took a step and felt the sting of pine needles under my feet. 
Shuffling along and groping in the darkness, I felt a wooden rail and was shocked when I realized where I was. I was on the path down to the stairs, aiming straight for the beach. I made my way back up, clinging to the rail, heart pounding through my chest.
When I cleared the forbidding shadows of the trees the streetlights illuminated the misty moonless night. I hurried home, praying nobody would see me. I was outside, half dressed, a block from my house in the dead of the night. Why was this happening again? 
This time I’d closed the front door, and I breathed a huge sigh of relief to find it unlocked. I couldn’t imagine what Cruz and Abby would think if I had to wake them up to let me in. I was in no mood to try and explain what I was doing when I couldn’t figure it out myself. 
It was three o’clock in the morning.
I spent the rest of the night trying to reason out what was going on. I knew I was headed for the beach, but what then? Was I just going to walk into the water and drown like a lemming? Maybe I’d be dreaming I could breathe, and not even try to swim. It wouldn’t even matter, I thought morbidly, the cold would kill me anyway.
The sleepwalking just confirmed my suspicions. I had to try and find Lorelei as soon as I possibly could. Maybe she could tell me what they wanted from me.
Ethan was already at school when we got there the next morning, and I could see the gang of surfers flocking around him, eager for details about what happened. They wanted to find the guy who caused the accident and beat him up, but I heard Ethan tell them to let it go. 
I was happy to hear it; there was plenty of trouble to be had without going looking for it. I heard them compliment him on his haircut and bit my lip to keep from laughing out loud. He spotted me and Cruz, and headed our way.
“Nice haircut,” said Cruz.
Ethan’s smiling eyes met my tired ones.
“How’s the head?” Cruz asked him, eying the bandage.
“I’ll live,” he said, looking at me critically. I hadn’t been able to get back to sleep after my nocturnal stroll, and I was troubled. It must have showed.
“How are you this morning?” 
“I was just going to ask you that.” 
Cruz and I hurried to class, and I managed to avoid Ethan until after lunch.
“Where have you been hiding?” he asked, as he caught up with me on the way to art class.
I made up a story about needing to use the library, and hurried into class. I tried to avoid eye contact, afraid he’d see right through me and realize what I’d already resolved to do. I was going to find Lorelei no matter what; it was imperative that I speak to her. She was the only one who could shed some light on what was happening to me, and I was pretty sure that my life depended on it. 
Ethan leaned close to me in class. “What are you doing after school?” he murmured in my ear, tickling it.
“I have to study for a math test,” I lied. 
I knew Ethan, Cruz, and Megan would get upset and do their best to talk me out of it. They thought Lorelei was dangerous, but I was certain she would never hurt me, at least not intentionally. I could handle it on my own. Besides, now I had to do something.
Strange dreams and mysterious forces were luring me towards what was starting to look like a suicidal walk into the sea, and all I could think to do was try to meet them on my terms, even if I had to break my promise to do it.
After school I rushed Cruz out to the parking lot and we sped away before Ethan got to his truck. Cruz was so preoccupied with the tweaking of his design for Evie’s dress that he didn’t notice my unusual haste.
“How does Evie feel about asymmetry?” Cruz brainstormed on the way home.
“Uh huh,” I replied, thinking about what I would ask Lorelei.
“Would a beaded sash be too much?” he frowned.
“Sounds beautiful.”
“Yeah,” he said, “I think tea length would work.”
“Absolutely,” I replied.
When we got home I slipped out of the house and hurried down to the cement boat. It was cold and gray at the shore, and the deepening gloom seemed to echo my desperation. A stiff salty breeze stung my eyes. There wasn’t a soul around as I made my way down the pier to the chain link fence.
“Lorelei!” I called desperately, watching the water churning around the broken chunks of concrete. “Are you there? Please come out...”
The water was covered with a froth of whitecaps and I was disappointed to see no sign of life. I stood there for a while with my face pressed against the wire, wishing fervently her coppery head would pop out of the foamy water. I wondered if she could be down by the part I had climbed out onto before. I grabbed hold of the wire and climbed up it like I did the day of my first trip to the buoy. I reached the end and leaned out as far as I could from the boat to get a better look. Nothing. I picked my way back down to the deck.
I turned around to see Ethan standing behind me, arms crossed. He looked furious. I stood there, frozen, with the wind blowing hair into my face and no idea what to say. He turned and walked away.
“Ethan?” I called out to him, but the wind drowned out my voice.
I wanted to go after him, to ask him to forgive me, to promise I’d never lie again. I wanted him to wrap his arms around me and tell me it would be alright, but I just stood there, watching him walk away. 
I slumped down onto the bench, cradling my head in my hands. I was so very tired. I made my way back home slowly, dreading the night ahead. That night, I sat down to dinner with Cruz and Abby and tried to eat. Cruz was still obsessed with finalizing his design, and I listened politely as he chattered on about his plans for the gown to end all gowns. 
Abby was strangely preoccupied with a pile of cookbooks she had been poring over, and I wondered why the sudden interest in improving her cooking. I was relieved that neither one of them took any notice of my foul mood. I excused myself and retreated to my room.
The cat was waiting for me on the bed and jumped onto my lap when I sat down. I stroked him absentmindedly, tears blurring my vision as I remembered the look on Ethan’s face. I knew that he wouldn’t understand why I went to see Lorelei again, but I never thought he’d get so angry about it. I had ruined it with him, and I was acutely aware that I had just alienated the only person in the world that I could talk to about my strange secret. 
Charlie nuzzled my hands when I stopped petting him, making me smile despite the sense of doom that was closing in on me. Darkness was falling, and I desperately wanted to sleep, but I was afraid. I usually slept in my underwear and a t-shirt, but I kept my jeans on just in case. I moved the chair against the door as a barricade and curled up around Charlie.
“Wake me up if I try to leave,” I asked the cat before drifting off into a fitful sleep.
I woke up to see the sun streaming into the window. My night had been filled with watery dreams and I had started awake multiple times, finding myself sitting up or standing next to the bed. I was tired but relieved, and happy to see the chair still propped up against the door when I dressed for school.
Ethan kept his distance from me the rest of the week, and didn’t show up for art class. Sometimes I could feel him watching me from the cluster of surfers, but he always looked away when our eyes met. The girls in the group immediately sensed the tension between us, and they were overjoyed to see the rift grow.
I noticed that a couple of the surfers had gotten buzz cuts to imitate Ethan’s, but I found little humor in it. I had taken to staying awake all night and catnapping during the day, desperate to avoid the watery dreams that plagued my mind. I felt like I was cursed, and I began to adopt a fatalistic attitude aggravated by Ethan’s terrible indifference. It was like I was being punished for something I had no control over. 
Cruz proclaimed me ready, and took me down for my official driving test. I was happy for the distraction and I was able to pass despite my increasing weariness. I called Evie to share the news and we planned a visit to the city after Cruz finished her dress. 
The next few days came and went, and I tried to find Lorelei a few more times with no luck—it seemed as if even the mermaids were avoiding me now. After I found myself standing on the street at midnight once again I started moving the desk against the door too. I was beginning to feel increasingly spacy, as though I were slowly disengaging from daily life. 
Cruz was in his own little world and didn’t pay much attention, but Megan pulled me aside on Friday to ask, “What happened between you and Ethan?”
“I don’t know,” I said, fidgeting. I had made the same promise to Megan and Cruz about not going mermaid hunting. I didn’t want to disappoint her too.
“Should I go ask him?” she looked at me with playful exasperation.
“Oh Megan,” I broke down, my eyes filling up with tears. She put her arm around my shoulders and sat me down at a bench. I hadn’t slept more than a few hours at a time for a week and I lost control, shuddering with suppressed sobs. “Sorry,” I choked, trying to pull it together. I looked up to see Ethan watching us.
“Oh God,” I said, trying to hide my face. Megan looked up to see him.
“Let’s get out of here,” she suggested. I passed a surprised looking Cruz the Jag keys and we hurried out to Megan’s car. “Girl stuff,” Megan called to Cruz over her shoulder. We drove to a coffee shop and sat in a corner booth, ordering coffee and fiddling with little paper packets of sugar.
“So,” she said frankly, “Spill the beans.”
My first impulse was to lie, to keep it to myself and gloss over the facts. I hated to be weak, to see pity in people’s eyes. Being brought up a motherless child, I was all too familiar with that look, and I hated it.
“Well...” I started to equivocate, dancing around the edges of the story. Then I met Megan’s skeptical eyes and something inside me surrendered. I told her all the secrets I’d been keeping in a flood of liberating truth telling. She listened carefully while I told her about my mother, my dreams, and even the sleepwalking.
“That explains a lot,” she said, and I was grateful for her analytical nature. We discussed what everything meant, taking into account my hybrid status. When the waitress came to take our order she cocked her head and asked, “Would it be cannibalistic of you to eat tuna salad?” We broke into hysterical laughter and the waitress looked at us like we had just broken out of the lunatic asylum.
“I should probably tell Cruz too,” I said. “But do you mind if we wait until he gets Evie’s dress done?”
“Good idea,” Megan said with a knowing look. “He’s a total stressmobile already!”
It felt good to sit and laugh, to be honest for a change. I felt like a ton of weight had been lifted off my shoulders.
“Thanks, Megan,” I said sincerely. “I guess I really needed to talk about everything.”
“Do you know what your problem is?” she asked, looking up at me over her coffee. 
I knew this was a rhetorical question, and that she was going to tell me whether or not I wanted to hear it.
“You mean besides the obvious?” I replied sarcastically.
“Seriously,” she said. “You keep too much to yourself. You seem to think you have to do everything alone.”
I couldn’t argue. I knew that was one of the reasons my father gave for sending me here in the first place. Strange, I always thought self-sufficiency was a virtue; how could one possibly be too independent?
“It does feel better to let it out,” I admitted.
“Do you want to tell me what happened with Ethan?” she asked.
I explained that Ethan knew everything, and that I’d lied and broken a promise to him by seeking out Lorelei on my own.
“You can see I had no choice ... right?” I said with indignation.
“If you say so,” she met my gaze levelly, ruining my justification with her eyes.
I looked down, “I suppose I could have told him ... but he gets so freaked out about everything. He wouldn’t have wanted me to do anything.”
“I noticed he’s been avoiding you like the plague.” 
I looked at her, stricken. “I don’t think it’s really fair of him to be so ... punitive.”
“Don’t you remember what I told you about his ex-girlfriend dumping him?” She looked at me like I was an idiot.
“What does that have to do with me?” I asked.
“Just because he’s so good looking doesn’t mean he’s not as insecure as the rest of us. I think he has some serious trust issues.” I thought about his mom leaving him and it did made sense.
“It’s not the same thing,” I protested.
Megan rolled her eyes at me. “Believe what you want to believe,” she reprimanded me. “But you don’t notice how he’s been watching you. You’ve been walking around in a daze.”
“I’m afraid to sleep,” I said.
“I’m afraid you wanna go sleeping with the fishes!” she retorted, and I laughed in spite of the seriousness of the situation. Megan’s black humor was like a tonic, showing me there was simply no point in wallowing in self-pity. I had to play the hand I was dealt.
She drove me home, making me promise to barricade myself into my room carefully. We made plans to hang out on Saturday and she made me laugh again, teasing me about sleepwalking down the street in my underwear.
“Dang Marina, I thought me and Cruz were the weirdos!”
“Step aside, there’s a new freak in town,” I laughed.
“Don’t worry,” she said, leaning over to give me a hug. “We’ll figure something out.”
I flashed her a grateful smile. “Thanks.”
“Marina–” she called after me. “I don’t think you should meet with her alone either.”
~
I slept on and off through the night and partway into the day on Saturday, waking to see the sun streaming through the open curtains. I had to pull the desk away from the door to leave my room, and I noticed the chair had been knocked over during the night, making me uneasy.
When I stumbled into the kitchen I looked out the window to see Ethan’s truck pull away. He’d been here working in the garden while I slept, and the thought made me sad again.
Abby came humming into the kitchen, “What do you have planned for today?” she asked.
“Megan’s coming over,” I said, “We’re gonna watch some movies and hang out.”
“Okey Dokey!” she smiled. I suppressed a laugh. She was practically levitating with happiness and it was unusual, even for Abby.
Suspicious, I asked, “What do you have planned for today?” She tried to keep it in, but it was impossible for Abby to be circumspect.
“I’m going out on Dutch’s boat today,” she beamed.
I smiled, glad for her. “Have fun!”
She skipped out of the room to say goodbye to Cruz.
Megan came over that afternoon with an armload of movies and junk food. “Therapy!” she said, waving a stack of chick flicks at me.
“I’ll make the popcorn,” I said, and we settled down for a lazy afternoon on the couch. Cruz flitted in and out, but spent most of the day at his workbench. He was doing some intricate cut lace appliques for Evie’s gown, and growing increasingly agitated as he second-guessed every choice. The work was time consuming but beautiful, and I assured him the dress would be perfect. Megan and I coaxed Cruz out for a break every few hours, and before I knew it the sun began to set.
Day passed into night and we ordered a pizza for dinner, the three of us eating together and listening to Cruz complain about his temperamental sewing machine. Megan gathered up her stuff and went home, leaving Cruz and I waiting up for Abby.
“How do you feel about your mom dating Dutch?” I asked him.
Cruz shrugged. “Ethan’s dad seems like a good guy. And I’m gonna be taking off pretty soon. I think it would be nice if she had a friend...”
“That’s very mature of you,” I said, casting him a sideways glance. He threw a pillow at me, and we were fully engaged in a vicious pillow fight when we heard the Volvo pull into the driveway. We scrambled to pick up the mess and sit back down casually before Abby came in.
“How was your day?” I asked her cheerfully.
Abby was smiling from ear to ear. “Dutch and Ethan are coming over for Thanksgiving dinner on Thursday.” She strolled off to bed in a daze. “Can you guys lock up?” she called over her shoulder. Cruz and I exchanged a look and burst into laughter.
I rolled into bed that night, wondering what Ethan thought about coming here. I wouldn’t be surprised if his dad showed up without him. I wondered about what Megan had said about Ethan, thinking that he looked more angry than hurt to me. I sighed and put it out of my mind. I didn’t have time to worry about next week, I thought, grunting with the effort of moving the desk back in front of my door. 
As Cruz had said, I had bigger fish to fry.

~

CHAPTER TWENTY
THANKSGIVING

~

The atmosphere at school changed on Monday. It was a short week for everyone, and the air was charged with anticipation of a long break from the routine. Most classes scheduled midterm exams before the fall break, and I tried to focus on my schoolwork despite the lack of sleep that was grinding me down to a nub. Shuffling around campus in a trance-like state, I found myself drifting away, escaping into daydreams about swimming and surfing.
Ethan returned to art class, and when I stumbled in late there was never a chair next to him saved for me. I was hurt by the way he had so easily turned his back on me, and all the friendliness and affection between us had vaporized. I focused the energy I had left on making it through until Wednesday, and planned to catch up on sleep over the break. Mr. Briggs kept casting worried looks my way.
Tuesday night I woke up in the middle of moving the desk away from the door, which terrified me. Frantic, I sat up with the lights on until dawn, afraid to lie back down. I could sense that the barricade wasn’t going to work much longer. Forces pulled at me from the depths of the sea, taking control of my body through my dreams.
I felt as though I was becoming a zombie, and started wandering the halls with a growing sense of detachment. I was so tired I barely noticed Ethan follow me into art class. He slid into the seat opposite to me, and he kept trying to catch my eye. 
I felt like he was playing a cruel game, and I ignored him as best as I could in a fog of confusion and sadness. I honestly couldn’t deal with one more thing. There was an art history slide show for our last day, and when the lights went down in the classroom I fell asleep at my desk, overcome by exhaustion.
~
I was being pulled underwater, looking up to see the bottom of a boat grow smaller and smaller until it disappeared. I was crying, filled with unbearable sorrow, and it occurred to me that the whole ocean was made up of salty tears.
~
I woke up with Ethan’s hand on my shoulder, gently shaking me awake. The classroom had emptied out, and Mr. Briggs was shuffling papers at his desk. I bolted up, wiping my wet cheeks, and blindly groped for my purse.
“Are you alright?” Ethan asked, panic in his voice.
“I’m fine,” I said curtly, avoiding eye contact as I hurried to the door.
“Have a nice Thanksgiving,” Mr. Briggs called out as I passed his desk.
“Thanks, you too,” I replied, looking down as I passed by.
“And get some sleep!” he called after me.
Ethan chased me out to the parking lot, trying to get my attention. “Marina!”
I sped up, pretending I didn’t hear, hoping he’d leave me alone.
He came up alongside me. “Marina?” his tone was softer.
I stopped and turned, looking up at him suspiciously. “What?” I asked coldly.
“Please, we need to talk...” he said.
“This isn’t a good time,” I shook my head, overcome with fatigue.
“I’m worried about you,” he said, searching my eyes.
I was running out of the ability to resist. “So talk,” I said, trying not to come unraveled on the spot. Only sheer stubbornness kept me from breaking down into a sobbing heap.
“Let me drive you home,” he said, a pleading look in his blue eyes. I couldn’t look away, and I couldn’t say no. I felt weak, ashamed for being such a pushover. I reached into my purse for my keys.
“Okay,” I said almost inaudibly, “Can you give these to Cruz?” I was in no mood to explain anything to anybody. 
Ethan jogged over to Cruz as I walked to his truck. He raced back, beating me to the door and opening it, waiting as I climbed in.
He slid in behind the wheel. “Can we please go somewhere to talk?” he asked with hopeful eyes.
I looked down, not sure I wanted to hear what he had to say. “I suppose.”
He took me to a park in the woods, far away from the seashore. We drove down a rutted gravel road, deeper and deeper into the trees. It was cool and dark under the towering redwoods, and I thought about the depths of the ocean. The air was scented with bay leaves, moss and plants growing in moist soil. The damp woodsy smell brought me back to reality, and my head began to clear a little bit.
He parked the truck and turned to me. “Can we go for a walk?” he asked.
I followed him down a narrow path that led to a small stream, dimly wondering what this was leading up to. There were some boulders along the water’s edge and Ethan sat down on one, looking up at me.
“I want to apologize,” he said sincerely, “I’ve been a jerk. I’m sorry I got so upset. Would you please sit down?” he gestured to a spot next to him. I pointedly sat on a rock further away from him, looking down into the clear flowing water.
“Marina, I just can’t handle dishonesty. I probably ... overreact.”
I nodded. “I’m sorry too.”
“Forgive me?” he asked.
I squeezed my eyes shut. “I didn’t mean to ... you don’t understand how much ... how hard it’s been.” I swallowed the lump in my throat and looked over at him with tired eyes, fighting back tears.
“Why?” he asked, “Why don’t you trust me?”
“I do trust you. I didn’t intend to lie.” I looked down again. “but things changed...”
“How?” he asked.
I didn’t want to talk about it anymore. He was just going to tell me what to do. He would tell me to stay away from them, when I knew that was no longer an option.
I stood up. “Can you please take me home now?” I asked, too weary to argue about it.
He looked upset. “What’s happening to you?”
I heaved an exhausted sigh. “I can’t sleep anymore. I’ve been ... having weird dreams. I think I’m being forced to ... I just don’t know!” A tear escaped from my eye and I wiped it away angrily. I could see why it was easier to be angry.
He got up and came over to stand next to me. “I want to help,” he said.
I shook my head no. “There’s nothing you can do. I can’t help it. I can’t stop it. I feel like I’m going crazy.”
He moved closer, and then gingerly put his arms around me. “I feel exactly the same way about you,” he said.
I tensed, holding my breath for a few seconds, and finally exhaled, letting go, leaning on him and giving in to the sensation. He pulled me closer and we stood like that for a few long minutes. I closed my eyes and sighed with relief, letting him hold me up against his warm chest. I hadn’t relaxed for so long it was a strange feeling, but touching him soothed me like nothing I’d ever known.
His voice rumbled in my ear. “I talked with Lue Khang at the market on Sunday. He said I was lucky to know you. He said you had the heart of a lion—that all you wanted to do was protect me.”
“They’re not after you,” I mumbled.
“But they’re after you?” he asked.
“No,” I said automatically. “I mean ... I don’t know.”
I realized Megan was right. My first impulse was always to keep things to myself. I never wanted to trouble my father with problems, so I just dealt with anything that came up on my own. With Evie I had no problems, for she possessed the preternatural ability to anticipate my every need and heal every hurt. I suddenly missed her acutely.
“It’s stupid really,” Ethan said, “I’ve been trying to stay away from you because I’m afraid of getting too ... involved. I can’t stop thinking about how you’re gonna move away next summer anyway, so there’s no point. But I’ve been feeling terrible all week.”
“Me too,” I said quietly.
“I’m sorry,” he whispered, his voice vibrating along my spine. He pulled back my hair and laid his cheek against mine. “I need to be as brave as you are.”
“I’m so tired. I don’t think I can take much more.” I was thinking about the sleepwalking.
“I’m sorry...” He pressed his lips against my neck. My heart started racing and I was having a hard time catching my breath. I pulled away abruptly, afraid to look him in the eye, afraid of losing control. 
“I better get you home,” he said.
We arrived at the house to find Cruz and Megan sitting on the porch.
“I’ll see you tomorrow,” he said, leaning over to kiss my cheek. Cruz stood up, watching Ethan pull away.
“What was that all about?” he asked, bemused. “He looked so serious when he gave me the keys. I thought you were being kidnapped!”
“Nothing,” I said gravely, “He just wanted to tell me how much he was looking forward to tofu turkey.” 
Cruz laughed so suddenly he coughed. I turned to Megan, asking, “Will you be joining us?”
“No, me and my mom are going to my aunt’s in San Jose.” She sighed wistfully. “There won’t be any tofu, but we’ll just have to get by.”
“Oh, shut up!” Cruz said with a grimace. Megan had to leave, so I walked her out to her car.
“You look better,” she said knowingly. “What did he say?”
I squelched a smile. “You were right. He apologized. We both did.”
Megan gave me a hug. “Have a happy Thanksgiving! And avoid the murderous mermaids, okay?”
“I’ll do my best.”
I ventured in the kitchen where I was met by the sight of Abby cooking up a storm. I offered to help but she pushed me out, saying she had everything under control. I arranged to pick up a veggie pizza for dinner and she smiled gratefully.
“Does Dutch know that there won’t be any turkey?” I asked wryly.
“Yes,” she said with mock exasperation. “He said he likes the side dishes best anyway. Now shoo!”
That night I was actually able to sleep a little, and I wondered if it was because of my contact with Ethan. I only started awake once, finding myself standing at the window in the moonlight with my hands on the sill. I locked the window and wedged a stick in the frame to keep it from opening. I wondered if I’d be able to climb out of it without waking myself up.
On Thanksgiving morning I helped Abby clean up the house and set the table. Dutch and Ethan showed up a little early, bearing flowers. I got them both something to drink, put a football game on, and sat them down on the couch. Abby bustled around in the kitchen, arranging the bouquet in a vase and nervously fussing with her veggie gravy.
I excused myself and went to go see what Cruz was up to. I knocked on his door and peeked in, finding him hunched over his sewing machine as usual. He was working on a confection of a dress.
“Oh Cruz! It’s fabulous!” I admired it as he held it up for me. The bodice and skirt were a deep garnet satin, with a wide neckline and lace half sleeves. An overlay of golden lace had been hand applied along the hemline, and it was draped beautifully. It had the look of expensive handmade couture, and it was definitely something Evie would wear and look beautiful in.
“Do you really think she’ll love it?” he asked hopefully. “Can we take it up to her this weekend?” I told Cruz that Evie was visiting friends in New York for Thanksgiving, but I thought she was coming back on Sunday.
“I’ll call and find out when we can go,” I promised. “Now we should get out there and be good hosts.”
Cruz groaned, “Ugh. Football. Give me five minutes.”
I went out to sit with Ethan and his dad, and it wasn’t nearly as awkward as I thought it would be. Dutch teased me about my barbering skills and we all shared a laugh about how some of the surfer dudes got the same haircut.
“You know what they say about the sincerest form of flattery,” Dutch chuckled.
Cruz finally pried himself away from his workbench to join us. I told Ethan about the dress Evie had commissioned from him. “We might go up to the city for a fitting this week.” 
“Will you be coming back with a new car?” Ethan teased me. 
Cruz knew a surprising amount about luxury cars and started describing Evie’s garage in detail. The guys listened with interest. I was happy they found some common ground, even if it bored me to tears. When Abby called us in to eat we all gathered around the table.
The food was pretty good, although the tofu turkey remained largely untouched. Abby and Dutch were completely focused on each other, and as smitten as he was, I’m sure Dutch would have eaten anything she put in front of him. Even Cruz was well behaved, refraining from any of his usual griping about vegetarianism. 
Dutch asked Abby if she’d like to come out on his boat with him the following night. The harbor hosted a lighted boat parade to kick off the holiday season and Abby said she’d always wanted to see it. Ethan caught my eye and smiled. After dinner, Abby and Dutch settled down on the couch with a glass of wine while the rest of us did the dishes.
Ethan and I sat at the kitchen table, and Cruz told us how he had contacted the attorney for his father’s estate. He’d been left a considerable sum, almost enough to cover his entire design school tuition. He also discovered that he had two older sisters in Argentina, and they were interested in meeting him.
“They want me to come for a visit next summer,” he said happily. “So I better study harder in Spanish class!”
“That’s great Cruz!” I patted his hand, “I knew everything would work out alright.”
“Things have been looking up ever since you moved here,” he replied, getting up from the table. “Now I need to go finish that dress.” He paused to squeeze my shoulders before he returned to his sewing, leaving Ethan and I alone in the kitchen. 
We were unwilling to intrude on the happy couple in the other room, so I asked, “Do you want to take a walk down to the beach?”
“Sure, but no swimming,” Ethan teased me.
We walked down to the secret stairs, and he reached over to take hold of my hand. He asked me if I wanted to come to see the lighted boat parade too, promising that we could avoid his dad and Abby.
“We can watch it from the docks,” he said. I agreed, and we arranged to meet at his house at sunset.
I asked if he’d been out surfing since the accident, and he admitted that he’d snuck a few sessions in before he had his doctor’s permission. He was eager to get back into practice, and remembering how much fun it was made me miss it too. 
He told me about an upcoming competition he had entered. Big waves came along with the winter storms, and he was hoping to collect some prize money to put towards the land he was buying from Lue. I wished him luck. 
It was a cool outside, with pink and gold clouds reflecting the sun as it sank towards the horizon. There were a few people here and there strolling on the beach, no doubt walking off their turkey dinner. Twilight was darkening the sky overhead to a deep iris blue as we picked our way across the sand towards the pier. I spotted a familiar silhouette fishing off the side.
“There’s Lue Khang,” I said.
We walked up the stairs and down the pier to the spot where Lue was fishing. He looked up at us, clearly amused.
“Hi Lue,” I returned his smile.
I leaned against the railing as Ethan and Lue started discussing some business with the farm. Staring off into the distance, I could see the last long rays of the sun glittering off of the sea. I glanced over to catch Lue’s gaze. He nodded his head towards the fish bucket and looked away. It was full, and I knew what that meant.
I excused myself and hurried down the pier towards the cement boat. If she was here I couldn’t miss the opportunity to speak to her. I had questions about what was happening to me that simply couldn’t wait. I looked up to see Ethan walking along beside me. He reached over and slipped his arm around my waist.
“I’m not about to let you out of my sight around here,” he said, looking down at me.
I stopped. “I think she’s here right now,” I told him, looking out towards the shipwreck. “I have to talk with her … It’s a matter of life or death.” The smile faded from his face.
“Fine,” he said gravely, taking my hand. “But you’re not getting near the water.”
“Believe me, I’m not planning on it.”
We got to the end of the ship and I could see the sea lions bobbing in the surf. I looked around to make sure we were alone before calling out for Lorelei. Ethan stood by my side, holding my hand so tightly it hurt. Her head popped up almost immediately, and I saw her glance at Ethan nervously, as if deciding whether to leave or not.
“Wait! Lorelei! Don’t go,” I cried. 
She swam back and forth hesitantly. When her eyes met mine she smiled brilliantly. With one powerful thrust of her tail she launched herself out of the water onto one of the flat slabs of cement. Her scales glistened golden in the waning rays of the sun; her skin was almost iridescent. There was something wild and powerful about her, like the ocean she came from. Ethan gripped my hand harder and pulled me closer to him.
“Marina! Come into the water,” she beckoned me to her. “We want you to swim with us.”
“Who’s we?” I asked. “Come closer, I want to talk.” 
She flipped into the air and dove gracefully into the water. For a moment I thought she was gone, but she suddenly reappeared within inches of my face, just on the other side of the chain link.
“Lorelei, who was that other sister and why did you fight?” She looked over at Ethan and smiled, beautiful and feral, free of any guile.
“It’s the wave rider, he’s a nice one,” she said.
“Lorelei! I need to know what happened that day at the buoy.”
She looked towards me, “She did not know you were a sister. She wants you to come with us too. We have something for you.”
“What?” I asked. “What do you have?”
“It was Adria’s. And now it’s for you.” She held her webbed hand flat against the fence. I impulsively put my free hand up to hers. Ethan’s grip on me tightened.
“What is it?”
“The powers of the moon and the tide, and all of your sisters,” she said in her singsong voice, “You won’t be too cold anymore!”
“What powers?”
“Come with me,” she motioned for me to join her again, tilting her neck enticingly. 
“But why?” I asked.
“Marina,” she nodded her beautiful head, her eyes sparkling, “Come with me and you will know.” She lunged off the fence in one fluid motion and dove backwards into the water like an acrobat. The sea lions all started barking.
When it became clear she was gone I stepped back and looked up at Ethan. He was staring at me in awe. “My God Marina,” he said slowly, “You were out in the middle of the ocean with two of them?”
I pulled my hand back from him and rubbed it, trying to restore the circulation. “You didn’t believe me,” I said with a frown, feeling hurt.
“No … I did. It’s just that hearing about it and seeing it are two different things.”
“Ethan,” I asked. “What did she sound like to you?”
He looked freaked out. “Let’s get out of here,” he said, taking back my hand and pulling me away from the boat. He hurried me off the pier and over to the stairs, keeping my hand in an iron grip. When we got halfway up the stairs we stopped on the landing overlooking the beach. Ethan sat on the bench, pulling me down to join him.
“I owe you an apology,” he looked at me with wide-open eyes in the darkening gloom. “I had no idea what you were up against. She looked so ... strong ... and so much like you. It’s obvious you’re related. What did she say?”
I frowned. “You didn’t tell me what she sounded like to you.”
“I don’t know,” he said. “It sounded like waterfalls, or water running over rocks.”
“And me?” I asked.
He looked me in the eyes as if he were seeing her all over again. “The same.”
“It’s official,” I dropped my head to my hands. “I’m a freak of nature.”
“Stop that,” he said, rubbing my back. “Tell me what you said to each other.”
I stood up and leaned on the rail, looking down at the beach.
“I asked her what they were fighting about that day. She said that the other one didn’t know about my mother. I guess they’re not supposed to be with people,” my voice trailed off.
“What else?” he prodded.
“She said they had something for me ... she was talking about the moon and the tide. I don’t know—it was confusing. She said I wouldn’t be cold anymore…”  I paused for a moment, realizing that I sure wouldn’t feel cold if I were dead. 
Ethan stood and came up close behind me, his hands on the rail, arms on either side of me, “What else?” he asked quietly in my ear.
“She said I needed to go with her to find out.”
“Marina...” his voice was husky. I turned to look up at him and he took my face between his hands. “Tell them no,” he said. “Tell them they can’t have you ... because I need you.” He bent down and kissed me softly on the lips. My knees wobbled and he reached around to pull me to face him. I kissed him back harder and held onto him like I was drowning. I looked down and buried my face in his chest.
“I don’t want to go with them,” I said into his shirt, thinking about how close I’d come.
“Then don’t,” he said, his lips brushing my cheek.
I turned my face up for another kiss, wishing it were that simple. It was pretty clear that the decision wasn’t entirely up to me.
We walked back slowly, arms wrapped around each other. We stopped at the top of the stairs for more kisses, clinging together tightly. It felt so good to be pressed up against him I forgot all about my problems for a few minutes. My head was spinning and my cheeks were flushed.
When we walked in the door I was sure Abby would notice something different about us, but we found her and Dutch even more flustered than we were. Dutch got up and thanked Abby, telling her to come by early so they could take the boat out. We walked the guys out the door and watched them drive away.
“That went well,” said Abby with a big glowing grin. “Dutch has really good energy.”
“Yeah,” I couldn’t help but return her smile even as I started worrying about the night ahead. Abby gave me a joyful hug and practically floated off to bed.
~
I was in a darker place as I repositioned my furniture, afraid I might try to drown myself in my sleep. Now I was certain that they were calling me to them, and I was pretty sure that if they got me into the water I wouldn’t come out of it alive. I prayed to be allowed to get some rest, but I kept my clothes on just in case. 
Despite my fear of facing the night ahead I was feeling excited, and looked forward to seeing Ethan again. I drifted off to sleep, thinking about the way his lips felt on mine.

~

CHAPTER TWENTYONE
HARBOR

~

It must have been the pain that woke me up.
I was in a dark undersea cavern one second, and the next thing I knew I was standing on the pavement leading up to the pier. It was a moonlit night, and I glanced down to see my bare feet standing in a pile of broken beer bottles. I looked around, but found myself alone. As I came fully awake the horror of my situation began to crystallize in my mind.
Blood started pooling around my feet as I hobbled to a nearby curb to sit. At least I had pants on this time. I tried to pick the glass shards out of my soles in the moonlight but the dark blood obscured everything. For a second I was tempted to go and wash them in the sea, but the prospect of crossing over the sand made me shudder. I was going to have to get home like this, and I walked painfully on the sides of my feet, leaving a bloody trail on the pavement. I passed a garbage can where I was able to find some old newspapers.
Paper sticking to the bottom of my feet, I climbed each step in excruciating pain. Clinging to wooden rails silvered by moonlight, I fought back waves of nausea as I tortuously made my way back home. 
When I got to the bathroom I looked in the mirror to see a face so pale it was ghostly. I think I was starting to go into shock when I rinsed my feet in the bathtub, wrapped them in towels and limped into my room. The desk and chair had been shoved aside; I tried to imagine myself moving them in a trance.
It was four in the morning when I started digging tiny pieces of glass out of my feet with tweezers. Now I was almost grateful for the pain because it kept my mind focused on the task at hand and away from what might have happened. I dressed my wounds as well as I could with cotton balls and masking tape, and curled up in bed.
I tossed and turned for a while, nodding off for a few minutes here and there. I wondered if I should call Ethan and cancel our plans. I knew he’d think I didn’t want to see him, and I couldn’t bear the thought of that. I spent the whole day in bed, and when Abby came to say goodbye I pretended I was reading. I showered and redressed my swollen feet, putting socks on over all the tape.
I arrived at Ethan’s to find him waiting out front, leaning against the rail. It was starting to get dark and I hoped he didn’t notice how gingerly I was taking the stairs. He greeted me with a big hug and a lingering kiss, making me forget all about my throbbing feet for a moment.
“Let’s go for a walk,” he said. 
Going down the stairs hurt even more than climbing up and I bit down on my lip to keep from crying out. Ethan took my hand and led me along a dock. He noticed I was trailing him as we walked and he turned back to look at me.
“Are you alright?” 
I nodded and tried to smile, but he looked skeptical.
“I’m just really tired—can we sit down somewhere?” I asked hopefully.
“Sure, there’s some benches up here.” As we went farther down the dock the crowd thickened, and we found all the benches were occupied. I followed along behind him numbly, each step opening up more cuts. 
My mind wandered, and I was reminded the classic fairy tale about the little mermaid who traded her tail for legs. She could dance and walk, but every step she took came with agonizing, stabbing pain. I couldn’t help but wonder if my mother had made a bargain like that. I recalled that the story had a tragic ending.
Finally I could take no more. “Uhm, I really need to stop and sit down.” He looked at me strangely. “My feet really hurt,” I added feebly.
“Okay, c’mon.” He led me down from the main dock to a locked gate where he typed a code into the keypad, standing back as the gate swung open. We walked along a row of darkened boats. We came to the end of the row and he turned to me in the dim light.
“We’re not really supposed to be here, but the view will be great.” He helped me up onto the deck of a beautiful white yacht that faced out towards the harbor. We sat down on a comfortable padded bench, looking out over the lighted boats. I sighed with relief as the weight came off my feet.
“I’ll give you a foot rub,” he said, as he swung my feet onto his lap.
“No!” I cried, trying to pull them back. In a flash, he had hold of my ankle, and had already pulled off a sneaker.
“Are you ticklish?” he teased, and then stopped short. Even in the dim light you could see a dark bloodstain seeping through my white sock.
“What the...” he pulled off the other sneaker and there was even more fresh blood. “What the hell happened?” He looked shocked, and he peeled back the sock to see my makeshift bandages.
“I stepped in glass,” I said. Even in the near blackness I could see his eyes widen. “By accident,” I added firmly. I pulled back my feet, and reached across him for my shoes.
He grabbed my wrist. “On both feet? How? When?” He was upset.
“Promise me that you’re not going to freak out,” I said, pulling my hand back. He just looked at me.
“What did you do?” He sounded intense.
“I was sleepwalking last night,” I said, and it sounded weird. “There were some broken beer bottles down by the pier and I walked over them in my sleep.”
“Down by the pier?” He raised his voice.
“I can’t help it. I’ve tried to stop it.” I grabbed my shoes and winced as I put them back on. “I told you I haven’t been sleeping.”
“How long has this been going on?” he asked.
“The first time was the night you got hurt,” I admitted. 
As the story tumbled out I realized how crazy it sounded. I told him about how I had found myself, half dressed, outside in the middle of the night. I described waking up in the middle of going down the stairs to the beach, and explained how I’d been afraid to sleep, and started sleeping in my clothes. I told that I’d been barricading myself in my room, that it was getting worse, and that last night I’d somehow managed to move the furniture in my sleep.
“Why didn’t you tell me what was going on?” he choked out.
“I didn’t want to worry you, and besides … You stopped talking to me.” 
He looked agonized.
“Oh God, I’m so sorry,” he groaned as he pulled me into his arms. He felt warm in the cool night air and I rested my tired head on his shoulder.
“It’s not your fault, I don’t like to talk about it anyway,” I mumbled, exhausted.
“You shouldn’t be going through this all alone.” He kissed my forehead, “Let’s go back to my house and look at those cuts—they should have stopped bleeding by now.”
When we stood up to go a bright flash of light blinded us.
“Trespassers! I’m warning you—I’m armed!” a man’s voice bellowed. He was shining a flashlight into our eyes, “Don’t you move! The harbormaster is on his way!” Ethan stepped in front of me and held his palms out to his sides.
“Whoa—take it easy! We were just sitting here!” He squinted into the light.
“Amy—get the lights!” The man called out to someone else on the boat. Floodlights switched on and we stood there blinded for a moment.
“Miss Vanderpool? Marina? Is that you?” I looked up to see one of my father’s colleagues. I recognized him from a Christmas party at the university last year.
“Professor Milton? Is this your boat?” I looked into his surprised face. He was a small man with a gray beard and goatee. I think he was a professor of economics. I tried to explain, “I’m staying with my aunt in town and, well ... I’m so sorry—we were only looking for a place to watch the parade...”
A much younger girl who I took to be Amy rounded the corner. She had on a short nightgown. The professor cleared his throat.
“This is my research assistant, Amy Purvis. Amy, this is Marina, Martin Vanderpool’s daughter.”  
Amy came up and shook my hand vigorously. “Congratulations, you must be so proud! The whole faculty is thrilled.” I looked over at Ethan to see he was speechless.
I was confused. “I don’t understand,” I said.
A figure came hurrying down the dock with a flashlight, and Professor Milton rushed over to intercept him. “Sorry to trouble you, false alarm, it’s just an old family friend! Nothing at all.” The harbormaster looked annoyed and grumbled something to the little man as he turned and left. Professor Milton returned to us.
“You haven’t heard the news?” he asked me.
“What news?”
“The prize? Your father?”
“What prize—what happened?”
“Martin has won the Nobel prize! It was announced today. He was nominated for his work fighting hunger in Africa and he’s won! We’re all absolutely over the moon about it! Of course they’ll be a major gala when he returns from Afghanistan. We’re forming a committee to select a delegation to attend the award ceremony in Oslo.”
“Wow!” I said numbly, still in a state of shock. “That’s great news.” I started backing away, “My friend and I should really get going ... I’m so sorry to have disturbed you.” Ethan and I beat a hasty retreat.
“Tell your father congratulations!” the professor called after us.
Once we got past the gate Ethan looked down at me, shaking his head. “Never a dull moment with you,” he said, deadpan. He crouched down. “Jump on.” He carried me on his back down the dock, weaving through the crowds of spectators. I wrapped my arms around his neck and went limp with relief.
“Thanks,” I said. “That was weird.”
“Yeah, I thought I was going to get nailed for sneaking around and get my dad in trouble. What’s he going to say to your father?” he asked me.
“Oh, I doubt he’ll be saying anything about this little incident,” I said.
“Why?” Ethan asked, surprised.
“Because Amy…” I tried to suppress a snicker, “is not Mrs. Milton.” He chuckled about it as he carried me back to his apartment.
Abby and Dutch were out on the boat, so we had the place to ourselves. Ethan sat me down on the couch and took off my shoes to inspect the damage. Peeling back my socks and bandages, he blanched.
“Marina, some of these cuts need stitches!” He looked at me incredulously. “There may still be glass in them ... You have to see a doctor right now!”
“Oh,” I said meekly, “I was hoping they’d just close up.”
“Are you crazy?” he asked. “What were you thinking coming over here like this?”
Tears welled up in my eyes as my hard facade began to crack. My voice was shaky as I groped around for my shoes and socks. “I’m sorry, I’d better go. I guess I’m just so tired I’m not thinking straight. I didn’t want to worry you...”
“Stop it,” he said firmly. “Wait a minute.” Ethan got up and headed for his room. He came back with a fresh pair of socks and put them on me. He scooped me up off the couch and carried me down to his truck.
“Marina, you’ve got to stop worrying about everyone but yourself!” 
We drove a short distance to an emergency medical clinic and he carried me in. He stood by my side trying to distract me, while they injected painkillers and cleaned my wounds.
“So,” he said, smoothing back my hair and taking my hand. “A Nobel prize. That’s a big deal. How come you didn’t know?”
“I didn’t check my mail today,” I said. “And he didn’t call. My dad’s more into his work than awards and stuff.” I smiled up at him from the table. “He’s kinda crazy that way.”
“I think crazy runs in the family.” He squeezed my hand. 
All I could feel now was a tugging sensation as they sewed up the two main cuts. I was given some antibiotics to take and Ethan was sent out of the room.
The doctor sat down and lectured me about waiting to seek medical attention. He told me I was lucky I came in before an infection could set in, and said that I needed to stay off my feet for a few days. Then his tone became serious as he handed me a brochure about teen drinking and drug abuse. He suggested that I join a support group. When he left Ethan came back in.
“That’s just great,” I said sarcastically. “First they think I’m suicidal and now I’m a substance abuser.” I waved the brochures at him. Ethan laughed at me and picked me up again. On our drive back to his house he gently questioned me.
“They were convinced you had to be high on something to have withstood the pain. How did you get all the way home from the beach like that?” he asked.
I described how it happened, telling him how glad I was that I had pants on and explaining that I could barely see to pull the glass out. I told him about using the newspaper and taking some of the stairs on my knees. I told him about washing up in the bathtub, and how freaked out I was that I had moved the furniture like a zombie in order to get out of my room. I stopped talking when I noticed how upset he was getting. 
We finally pulled up to his apartment.
“Wait here,” he said, leaning over to kiss me. He paused, “You know, you’re a lot tougher than you look.” He raced up the stairs and came back carrying his duffel bag. “Give me your keys. I’m driving you home.”
“How are you getting home?” I asked.
“I’m not,” he said. “I’m your new bodyguard.”
He told me he was going to watch me to make sure I didn’t sleepwalk again. As we drove he said it didn’t matter if he had to stay up all night, he would figure out a way to keep me from getting out. I was relieved that he was going to help me, but I was nervous at the thought of having him in such close proximity. We pulled up in front of my house.
“I don’t know if this is such a good idea,” I said.
“I think it is,” he replied.
“What about your dad?” I asked him, “Won’t he miss you?”
“He won’t check up on me tonight,” he told me. “Besides, Abby has him so distracted lately that I’d be surprised if he even notices I’m gone.”
I laughed at that. “Yeah, Abby’s been going around the house singing for the past week. She’s even happier than normal, if that’s possible.” I shook my head, amused, “So you’re okay with your dad seeing her?”
“Absolutely,” he said. “My mom ditched us when I was just a kid. He deserves to be with someone great like Abby.”
Once again I didn’t know what to say. I reached out and took his hand, and he leaned over to kiss me softly. He got out and came around to my side of the car, picking me up and carrying me into the house where he set me down on the couch. Cruz came into the room and did a double take when he saw my bandaged feet.
“What on earth happened here?” he exclaimed, looking back and forth at Ethan and me.
“Have a seat,” I said, “We need to talk.” I told him everything that had been going on. I tried to break the news to him gently, but with each new detail he became more and more agitated.
“Why didn’t you tell me!” he cried. “For God’s sake Marina—you could have been killed!”
“I know,” said Ethan, taking his side. “We have to figure out what to do.” Ethan told him about his plans to watch over me at night and the two of them started discussing ways to keep me from getting out.
“Hello– I’m sitting right here!” I said, offended. “I’ve been doing my best.”
Cruz looked at me sadly, “Why didn’t you tell me about your mother? Don’t you trust me?”
“It’s not like that,” I said gently. “At first I didn’t know for sure... and then I was too freaked out to talk about it. I’m sorry.” I limped over to give him a hug. “Forgive me?”
He sighed and hugged me back. “This explains a lot.” He turned towards Ethan, “Megan and I couldn’t understand why she was so dead set on meeting with them. We’ve been trying to talk her out of it all along.”
“There’s nothing you could have said or done,” I said.
“She’s crazy that way,” Ethan said, looking at me sideways.
Cruz looked out the window. “You better go hide. Mom’s home.” Ethan picked me up and carried me to my room. Cruz followed behind us with our bags. “I’ll tell her you’re asleep—we can talk after she goes to work in the morning.”
Alone in my room with Ethan, I was suddenly shy. I moved around in the tiny space, straightening up the clutter. We weren’t talking so Abby wouldn’t hear us, but I watched him look around, taking everything in. It felt a little too personal, as if I were an open book he was reading. He sat down on the little chair in the corner.
“Sit down!” he whispered, pointing to the bed. “You need to stay off your feet.” He looked down and his eyes widened. I realized I had tossed the gruesome bloody towels aside and forgotten them. They were ruined, so I gathered them up and threw them in the garbage. I’d have to remember to get Abby some new ones. I sat on the bed and put my feet up. The anesthetic was wearing off and they were beginning to throb.
Ethan came over and sat down next to me. “Do you think you have enough shoes?” he whispered in my ear, his dark blue eyes lit with humor. I shot him a dirty look.
“Mind your own business,” I muttered, but I looked down and smiled. He chuckled. There was a scratching sound at the door and Ethan looked at me, alarmed. I reached over and cracked the door open. Charlie the cat came barreling in and planted himself between us on the bed, purring loudly. I was glad he arrived when he did, because he broke up the tension between us. I yawned.
“You need some sleep,” he said.
“What about you?” I asked.
“Don’t worry about me.” 
I got up. “I’m gonna go brush my teeth.” I put some socks on over my bandages and grabbed a pair of sweatpants to change into, limping out of the room and down the hall. When I got back Ethan was moving the chair, which he took to position over by the door.
“I’m sitting right here tonight,” he said quietly. “Just go to sleep.”
“But—”
“Get in bed,” he said, pointing sternly.
I was too tired to argue, so I slid into bed and Charlie snuggled up to me. Overcome by exhaustion, I fell asleep before I even had a chance to thank him.

~

CHAPTER TWENTYTWO
BODYGUARD

~

A ring of mermaids surrounded me, hovering in the deep black water. Their bodies glowed, casting an eerie light on the rock walls that encircled us. Their long hair waved from side to side in the water, reminding me of grass blowing in the breeze. I knew I could never live without the sun and the wind, without things growing in dirt. I thought of Ethan and I started to fight them, kicking and thrashing furiously as I screamed at them to release me.
~
“Sssh, Marina, wake up. You’re dreaming.”
I was standing in my room, struggling to free myself. Ethan had me in a bear hug with my arms pinned to my sides. I was heaving with exertion, caught up in the in the heat of the battle, sweating with fury. By the time I came fully awake I was spent, and I went limp, slumping onto him. He set me on the edge of the bed and turned the lights on.
“I’m awake,” I said weakly. He brushed the hair out of my face, looking closely into my eyes.
“Hey,” he whispered, smiling encouragingly. “You’re strong when you’re asleep.”
“What did I do?” I panted.
“You tried to get out … you tried hard.”
“I’m sorry,” I gasped, “I’m sorry.”
His blue eyes studied mine, “You were talking to them. You sounded angry. I couldn’t understand.”
I covered my face with my hands  “Why is this happening to me?”
“Don’t worry, we’ll find out,” he said grimly. He tucked me into bed and turned out the lights. He settled down next to me on top of the covers. “Sleep,” he said, throwing his arm across me. “I won’t let you go.” I focused on the sound of his breathing and drifted off to a dreamless sleep.
The sun streaming through the window woke me up, and I rolled over to see Ethan’s sleeping face. His arm was still draped across me, and I studied him for a few minutes, my heart swelling with gratitude. I reached up to gently trace the scar on his temple. It had healed nicely and hair was starting to grow in and cover it. His eyes opened and crinkled at me.
“Good morning,” he whispered.
“When did you get the stitches out?” I asked.
“Last Saturday.” He thought for a moment, and added, “I have a confession.”
“What?”
He looked a little sheepish. “That day, I was working in the yard and I peeked—I looked in your window. You were sleeping with the desk against the door. I couldn’t stop thinking about it. I thought you were afraid of someone coming in.”
“That worked for a while,” I said.
He exhaled loudly, as if he’d been holding his breath. “Thank God I was here to stop you. Do you remember the dream?”
I thought about the ring of mermaids. If he didn’t like hearing about two, he was really going to hate this. 
“I was surrounded by them. Dozens of them. I was fighting to get away.”
“You sure were.” He leaned over and kissed my forehead. “Keep fighting.”
“I wonder why ... I mean, how can I find out?” I had to know what they had planned for me.
“Marina, you need to talk to your father. You need to ask him about it.”
“Yeah, I know. My mom has always been a sore spot with him.”
He nodded. “Believe me, I know how that goes.”
We were both quiet for a minute. I looked over at him with a little smile. “I have a confession too.”
“What’s that?”
I pressed my lips together, remembering. “I kissed you first ... when you were out cold in the hospital.”
He smiled at me incredulously. “I thought that was a dream.” He reached over and stroked my cheek, tracing the outlines of my lips with his thumb. “Just my luck, not to wake up.”
There was a sharp rap on the door and Cruz’s voice called out, “Marina, mom made breakfast for us—come out before she leaves for the studio.”
I got the message and jumped out of bed, landing on my feet with a small whimper. I pulled my socks up over my bandages and walked as nonchalantly as possible to the kitchen.
“Good morning!” Abby beamed as she stood at the stove. “You look like you got some sleep.”
“Thanks, I did,” I smiled back. Cruz caught my eye and raised his eyebrows at me. I ignored him. “Did you have a good time last night?” I asked her.
“I had a blast! The boats were so beautiful...” she said dreamily. I poured myself some coffee and picked at the tofu scramble. When Abby left for work I headed back to my room. Ethan was stretched out on my bed, his arms behind his head. The cat had climbed onto his chest and was nudging his chin.
“The coast is clear. She’s off to work,” I said.
“I’m jealous of this cat,” he said.
I sat down and petted Charlie, laughing as his little toes curled up with delight. “He’s spoiled, huh?”
“I’ll say,” he sat up, putting the cat aside and scooting over to kiss my ear. “He gets to stay with you every night.”
I looked down, embarrassed. “I’m sorry about last night.”
“I’m not! Thank God I was here to stop you.”
I embraced him. “Thank you.”
He squeezed me and started kissing on my neck, making me giggle and writhe away. I stood up and backed away with a grin.
“Come and get your coffee and tofu,” I teased him, and made for the door. He yawned, and I realized that I had kept him up most of the night.
“Do you need some more sleep?” I asked. 
“No,” he said, stretching. “I got some rest, after you tried to go through me.” 
He followed me out to the kitchen where Cruz was having his cereal. I poured him some coffee and he started to tell Cruz about my latest sleepwalking attempt. I excused myself to go get dressed.
I logged onto my computer and found a message from my dad about winning the prize. He wrote that he was loathe to leave his work, but had to attend the presentation ceremony. He wanted to know if Abby and Cruz would like to come with me to Norway in December. I started to write him back, but I thought about what Ethan said. I gathered up my courage, took a deep breath, and decided to call instead.
It was late in Afghanistan but he picked up, saying he’d been meaning to phone, but had been fielding congratulatory calls all day and night. I told him that I was proud of him, and he told me how his research was going. 
“Uhm, Dad … We need to talk…”
Gathering up my courage, I told him about Cruz finding out about his father, and said I needed to ask him some things about my mother. He changed the subject, asking me questions about Abby and Cruz and school. My stomach was churning, but I persisted, telling him I really needed to know more about Adria. He was suddenly unable to talk, and said he’d get back to me later. He hung up abruptly, leaving me sitting in stunned silence.
I was frozen there for a moment, thinking. I was disappointed in him, and angry at myself for not having the courage to just blurt it out. I got dressed and headed back out to the kitchen. Cruz and Ethan were eating cereal and actively discussing various forms of restraint.
“How about a straitjacket?” I heard Cruz say as I came in and sat down.
“Very funny,” I said sourly.
“How about we surfboard leash you to the bed?” Ethan asked seriously, looking up at me.
I shrugged, “That might work, but if I can move furniture in my sleep I could probably get it off pretty easily.”
“Duct tape!” added Cruz, “Hand cuffs! You’d need a key to get loose!”
“Are you insane?” I asked him.
“If the shoe fits...” Cruz cocked his head at me.
“Have you seen her shoes?” asked Ethan with raised eyebrows. We all started to laugh. My whole life was starting to feel like a bizarre comedy. I sat down next to Ethan and he moved his leg over to press it into mine.
“I just called my dad,” I blurted out. They both looked at me expectantly. I told Cruz about the Nobel prize and he was appropriately impressed. “He wants you and Abby to come with me to Oslo for the award ceremony in December.”
Cruz was excited about the trip. “Awesome! I’ve never been anywhere!”
“Did you ask him?” Ethan took my hand.
“I—I started to and he blew me off.” I looked down sadly, “He suddenly couldn’t talk.”
“Don’t feel bad, Marina,” commiserated Cruz. “Our parents are just as screwed up as we are.”
We all shared another laugh, because each one of us had our own demons to grapple with, and we could all find some dark humor in our different situations.
Cruz changed the subject. “I think we need a trip up to see Evie!” He turned to Ethan, “You should meet this lady—she’s awesome! And Marina didn’t even tell me that she’s totally famous! She’s like fashion royalty! I have to deliver her dress.”
He launched into the tale of our trip to the city. He rhapsodized about Evie’s fabulous apartment and amazing wardrobe. When he got to the part about the fortuneteller encouraging him to claim his inheritance Ethan caught my eyes, looking at me intensely.
“Marina made fun of her, but I think she’s the real deal … I mean, she totally knew about my father leaving me something. It was spooky,” Cruz said, wide eyed.
“I’ll call Evie when she gets back from New York,” I told Cruz, wanting him to stop. There was no point in fretting about Fatima and Lue’s sacrificial predictions. Especially now that I suspected that I was the offering they had in mind.
“Can you give me a ride to work today?” Cruz asked.
“You can have the car if you take Ethan home first,” I said. Cruz went to get changed.
Ethan put his arms around me when Cruz left the room. “Are you trying to get rid of me?” he asked.
“No,” I said defensively, “but there’s no point in you being stranded here all day.”
He looked at me seriously. “I think there’s definitely a point. Look what happened last night! Don’t you think it’s escalating?”
I had to admit it was. Every day my dreams were getting stronger and creepier. I was starting to feel an impending sense of doom, as ridiculous as it sounded to even think it.
“You can’t just drop everything to watch me,” I said disapprovingly.
“Humor me,” he said. “We’ll have Cruz drop us at my place. I’m not working today. I can bring you home later.”
“OK, fine, if you’re sure,” I said. “I’ll just be a few minutes.”
I was starting to feel like a burden. I didn’t want Ethan’s pity—I wanted to go out surfing with him. I wanted my normal life back. I wished I’d never seen Lorelei and never found out about the aquatic side of my family. I limped down the hall to tell Cruz about the change of plans. I managed to bathe while keeping my feet dry, and slipped into jeans and a pair of soft sheepskin boots that were roomy enough to keep the pressure off my bandages.
Cruz dropped us off and Ethan insisted on carrying me up to his apartment, sneaking a kiss in on the way up the stairs. We settled down on the couch, holding hands and talking about anything but mermaids when we were both startled by a knock on the door. Ethan went to get it, and I could hear Long’s voice ask if he was up for some surfing. I felt a twinge of guilt. I knew there was a contest coming up and Ethan probably needed to practice.
I came up behind him, shocking Long with my sudden appearance. “You should go—you can drop me off at home on the way. I want you to go. You have to get back on that horse, right?”
Ethan turned to look at me, calculating. “Only if you come too, and promise to stay on the beach.” 
Long just stared. He’d kept his distance from me ever since Shayla’s near drowning, and I got the feeling he thought I was some kind of witch.
“Long, you remember Marina,” Ethan gestured to me. Long nodded, avoiding eye contact. I got the impression Ethan thought it was very amusing.
“Why don’t you just take me home?” I said, dreading the thought of facing all the surfer girls.
“No can do,” he said annoyingly. “We agreed, remember?” Now Long was really confused.
“Fine,” I said, not wanting to argue the point in front of Long.
“I’ll meet you guys there,” said Ethan. Long took off quickly, like he couldn’t get out of my presence fast enough.
 I groaned. “They all think I’m some kinda freak.”
Ethan laughed and put his arms around me. “You’re my kinda freak,” he said, and kissed me until I didn’t care anymore.
We went to the beach on the far side of the pier, parking on the bluff. Ethan made me wait in the truck while he hauled his gear down to the sand, returning to carry me.
“Doctor’s orders,” he said, but I made him promise to put me down at the sand so everyone didn’t see me being hauled around like an invalid. When we got to the place on the pavement where I had cut myself I tried not to look. The glass had been swept away, but the dark stains on the cement made me shudder. Ethan looked down and back at me with shocked eyes. You could clearly tell where I had stood, sat on the curb and even see the dried bloody footprints leading to the trashcan.
“It’s always worse than you make it out to be,” he said grimly.
“Call me an optimist,” I said, looking around. “Now put me down.”
We approached the little group of surfers. The guys greeted Ethan and nodded at me. They all knew about what had happened with Shayla, and viewed me with a strange mixture of suspicion and respect.
There was a group of girls that hung out and watched and I was ashamed to be in their ranks. I sighed in frustration, wishing that my feet were healed so I could be alone with Ethan, playing joyfully in the waves. Ethan took out a blanket from his bag and spread it out on the sand for me to sit on.
He stripped down to put on his wetsuit, and I noticed the girls watching him. I couldn’t blame them, because he was hard not to look at, but I felt a twinge of jealousy anyway.
He dropped to his knees and looked me in the eyes. “Are you going to be alright here?” 
“Go surf,” I told him. “And be careful.”
“Promise not to go anywhere near the pier? Or the water?” he asked with serious eyes.
“Don’t worry about me! I’ll stay on the beach.” I smiled wryly, “I’m pretty sure they can’t flop themselves onto the sand to get me.”
We both laughed at the thought, and Ethan took my face between his hands and kissed me. I blushed, embarrassed with all the people around, and settled down to watch him head out into the ocean with his surfboard. I looked over to see the girls staring at me with their mouths hanging open. 
I wished I’d thought to bring a book.
I focused all my attention on the surfers. The waves at this beach were much bigger than where I’d had my surfing lesson, and there were some spectacular rides. I fought an overpowering urge to be out there, rising and falling with the ocean swells. I saw a girl surfing and realized that it was Shayla, and she was really good. 
I felt another twinge of jealousy and wished even more that I could be out on the sea with them. I could imagine how it felt and smelled and tasted. I closed my eyes and swayed in the imaginary swells, visualizing the water as it rushed by.
My daydreams were interrupted by the sounds of giggles and I looked up to see one of the girls mimicking me to the great amusement of the rest. Heather was the only one I knew, but I recognized a few others from school. I tried my best to ignore them. I focused on watching Ethan surf and was impressed by his obvious skill. 
I could hear the girls making fun of my boots, and had to admit they were out of place on a beach. I wished I could put my toes in the sand, or better yet, the sea. I couldn’t stop thinking about surfing. My mouth went dry and I started to feel lightheaded. I rubbed my eyes to clear the fog, eliciting a fresh round of laughter from the girls. I gritted my teeth, realizing I had to get out of there before I lost control and snapped at them.
I decided to walk down the beach a little further away from them. My feet still hurt, but if I took it slowly it wasn’t too bad. I got far enough away to where I couldn’t hear them, but I could still keep an eye on Ethan. I was focused, watching his every move when I heard a little cry. It sounded like an infant, and I looked down to see the most adorable baby sea lion. It looked up at me with big liquid eyes, and let out another plaintive bawl.
“Do you want your mother?” I asked it, looking around.
It wailed again, a heartbreaking sound that made me want to scoop it up and cradle it. There were no other sea lions on the sand, but I could make out some shiny black heads bobbing in the surf. I bent to pick it up and it cried again, exposing its sharp little teeth. I decided against touching it, and tried to usher it back into the water, waving my arms and shooing it towards the surf.
The little guy started moving, humping his way across the dry sand towards where the foamy waves began. I heard another, louder bark and looked up to see several large sea lions had circled around behind me, cutting me off from the beach. They hissed and showed their teeth menacingly. 
At first I thought they were defending their baby, but I turned to see the little one had disappeared into the sea. More, bigger sea lions appeared to join their ranks, and they advanced on me. 
I was being herded.
I waved my arms and screamed at them, but they kept creeping towards me. Within a minute they were in a semicircle two deep, making it impossible for me to run past them to get back to the dry sand. All I could see were flashing teeth, and their barks drowned out the roar of the surf. I knew with a terrible certainty that the mermaids had put them up to this. I remembered Lorelei commanding them and felt the sting of betrayal.   
My courage rose along with my anger and I stood my ground, kicking at them. Now they started shoving me, throwing their massive bulk into my legs and knocking me down onto the sand. Each time I stood up I was a little bit closer to the surf. Soon my boots were wet and the waves were crashing in knee deep. I remembered what Ethan said and kept fighting, kicking hard and trying to keep on my feet.
I looked up to see the group of girls standing and watching but no one made a move to help me. Thanks a lot, I thought, battling on to my last breath. I expected to feel the ice-cold grip of a mermaid dragging me under any second. I kept facing land, kicking at the snarling faces the best I could. I felt a hand on my arm and I twisted around with a cry, struggling to escape.
“Marina!” yelled Ethan. He used his surfboard as a shield, putting it between us and the animal’s snapping jaws. Long and Shayla joined in, and once I was blocked from their view, the sea lions melted away into the ocean, leaving the four of us standing on the beach. I doubled over, hands on my knees, gasping to catch my breath.
“Thanks!” I panted. I looked up at Ethan. “They almost had me in the water.”
“I gotta get you out of here,” he sounded panicked. He picked me up and carried me to the blanket. He stripped out of his wetsuit quickly, and while he was changing I turned to Long and Shayla. They were standing nearby with a few other surfers, murmuring among themselves.
“Thanks,” I said, mortified. “Thanks for helping.”
Shayla was shocked. “What happened? I never seen them act that way.”
I looked into their suspicious eyes, and tried to come up with a plausible explanation. “I found a seal pup on the beach. They must have been protecting it.”
Shayla looked skeptical and Long hung back, his suspicions having just been confirmed. I wished I hadn’t let Ethan talk me into coming. My feet throbbed with pain, and now they were soaking wet. The girls started back in with their snickering, but the rest of the surfers were quiet. They knew enough about the animals to realize that something truly weird had just occurred.
Ethan changed and packed up his gear, stony faced. He lifted me up without a word and carried me in silence to his truck, putting me down on the seat. He must be tired of this by now, I thought.
“Don’t be angry,” I said, afraid of the look on his face. “I stayed on the beach.”
“Why didn’t you just sit with everyone else?” he asked, his eyes pained.
“I only walked a little ways down … I could still see you. I—I didn’t want to get into it with those girls.” I started to feel stupid. “They just wouldn’t shut up.”
“Why didn’t you back off when the sea lions came at you?” he asked.
“They used bait,” I said, shaking my head at the thought. “There was a tiny little pup all alone, crying on the beach. I was trying to help it get back to the water and they circled around behind me. The little one took off, and then the big ones started pushing me...”
“You should have left it alone,” he said sternly.
“Have you never seen a seal pup?” I asked him sarcastically. Our eyes met and he burst into relieved laughter.
“Can you and your bleeding heart manage to stay here while I go get my stuff?” he asked.
“Don’t worry, that trick won’t work on me twice,” I said.
When he left, I rolled up my jeans and took my soaked boots off. The dressings on my feet were wet, and some blood was starting to seep through in a few spots. I remembered how hard I was kicking and noticed fresh bruises starting to bloom on my shins and calves. My thighs were sore too, and I was pretty sure their big bony heads had done a number on them as well.
Ethan got back, and I hustled to pull down my pant legs. He got in and looked at me.
“Let’s see the feet.” He motioned for me to put my feet up on his lap. The damage was done; there was no point trying to hide it. His lips tightened when he saw the blood.
“It looks worse ’cause it’s wet,” I said in a vain attempt to soothe him.
He cast me a skeptical look, and peeled up my pant legs. “You’re gonna be one big bruise,” he moaned. “I was right there, and it still happened.”
“There’s no way to have seen that coming,” my voice shook a little. “I just can’t believe Lorelei would do that to me.” Now that my anger had faded I was left with hurt feelings. I suppose I was starting to think of her as a sister, albeit an annoying little one.
I pulled my legs back and asked him to take me home to change. When we pulled up at the house, I was relieved to see that no one was there. Ethan helped me to my room and sat me on the bed. His face was hard and serious, and he wasn’t talking much. 
I was nervous, thinking he probably regretted getting involved in this whole mess. He went in the yard to wash out his wetsuit, and I peeked out to see him rinsing himself off with the hose. Once again, I found myself unable to look away. He was so beautiful my breath caught in my throat, and I blushed in spite of the fact there was no one around.
I changed into some dry pants while he finished. When he came back he had his duffel with him, and he pulled out a bag full of first aid supplies.
“I thought I was thinking ahead,” he said ruefully. He sat on the bed and started to unwrap the bandages on my feet. He looked relieved. “The stitches are still in. Just ripped a little.”
“I can do that,” I said.
He ignored me, and continued to wrap up my feet. When he finished, I slipped on a pair of socks to hide the evidence. I felt terrible for ruining his day of surfing, and wondered how much longer he would put up with me. I had to admit that I dreaded spending another night alone with my dreams.
“They feel much better,” I lied. “Thanks.” Ethan still seemed quiet and reserved, worrying me. I looked over at him, “I’m really sorry, I didn’t think anything like that would happen.”
“I didn’t either,” he looked grim. “I was wrong.”
I put my hand on his arm, “Don’t worry about it.” I wanted him to lighten up. “It’ll be okay... I’m lucky, remember?”
He took me by surprise, lunging over to hug me tightly, burying his face on my neck. His voice was muffled, “I could never forgive myself if I let anything happen to you.” I stroked his back and felt him shiver a little. We sat there in a close embrace for a while, until our hands started roaming over each other’s bodies on their own accord. He clenched his jaw, stood up with determination and pulled me to my feet.
“We better get out of here. Let’s go get something to eat.”
He took me to a little Mexican restaurant in town with small private booths. We snuggled together, hungry for the comfort of each other’s touch. We were having a hard time keeping our lips apart when a group of girls from high school came in and sat across from us. I straightened up a bit, embarrassed by their curious stares.
“How are your legs feeling?” he asked me after we ate.
“A little stiff.” I rubbed my thigh. “But I’ll be alright.”
“Those sea lions—they were huge! You were fighting them like crazy,” he said with admiration. “Weren’t you afraid they were gonna bite you?”
I thought about it a second, “I was too angry to be afraid. They can’t force me into going with them. I’d rather get bit than be dragged away without my permission. Asleep or awake. Lue told me that for a sacrifice to work it must be given freely. Once I know what they want, I’m going to decide what I need to do.” I silently hoped that Lue was right about that whole sacrifice thing.
“Marina...” Ethan’s voice cracked and he looked like he wanted to say something but he just kissed me. There was an eruption of giggles from the nearby table and we pulled apart.
“You’re a really great surfer,” I told him, asking him about the surfing competitions he’d been in. We sat and talked about it until it got late, and then reluctantly left. I had another long night ahead of me, and though I didn’t want to admit it, I was afraid.
When we got home Abby’s car was sitting in the driveway along with the Jag. I drew a deep breath and turned to Ethan. “I’ll be okay tonight. I know you have to work the market tomorrow, and you need to go home and get some sleep.”
He leaned over to me. “No way.” He kissed my ear, moving his lips to brush my cheek. “I’m not leaving. I’ll park around the corner and wait. You can come and get me when Abby’s in bed.”
I hesitated. “Won’t your dad miss you?”
“He thinks I’m at Long’s tonight. Are you going to make me sleep on the porch?” he asked, and kissed me again, leaving my head spinning.
“I don’t know if this is such a good idea...”
He whispered in my ear, “I’m not leaving, and I promise not to take advantage of the situation.”
He was missing the point; I knew I could trust him, it was me I wasn’t so sure about.
I sighed and went in the house. No one was around, so I went down the hall to Cruz’s room and knocked. He called me in and I asked about Abby. He told me she decided to turn in early.
“So… Marina,” he asked with a smirk, “Where’s your bodyguard?”
I had to admit he was waiting outside.
“I hope you kids are being careful,” Cruz said, mocking me.
“Nothing’s going on!” I protested, turning bright red. “He’s just afraid I’m going to get hurt again.”
“Whatever you say.” Cruz laughed as I closed the door on him.
I opened the front door and stepped out to find Ethan on the porch.
“She’s in bed,” I whispered. He wrapped his warm arms around me, and I melted into him.
“Promise me, no more kissing once we go in,” he said, teasing me.
“Deal,” I said, and made the last one count.

~

CHAPTER TWENTYTHREE
THE STORM

~

I made it through the entire night without any dreams. I woke with a start in the pink light of early dawn and looked up to see Ethan’s deep blue eyes studying me closely.
“I slept!” I whispered, surprised.
“You talked a little,” he said, “and you sat up a few times, but you didn’t try to get out.”
“What did I say?”
“I couldn’t understand,” he said with a sympathetic look. He brushed the hair back from my forehead.
“Oh,” I paused, disappointed. “Maybe it’s tapering off,” I said hopefully.
“Maybe. Why don’t you come with me to the farmer’s market today?”
“Aren’t you getting sick of me?” I asked.
“Do you know how perfect your eyes are?” he asked.
I sat up, feeling self-conscious, “I think you’d better unleash me.” Last night Ethan had barricaded the door and attached a surfboard leash from my ankle to his. He was certain that I’d wake him if I tried to detach it, saying he’d be the surfer and I’d be the board. There was something about that analogy that made me nervous.
Ethan moved the furniture away quietly while I gathered my things to go wash up and get dressed. We took turns getting ready and tiptoed out to the front door. I left a note for Abby on the kitchen table, explaining that I’d left early to run some errands.
“What in the...” Ethan looked out the window to see his dad’s car pull up out front. The passenger door opened and out jumped Abby, running towards us. We exchanged a wide-eyed glance and ran back to my room, leaning behind the door to hide. We had to wait a few minutes, listening to her rattle around in the bathroom before she finally made her way into her bedroom. Every time Ethan and I made eye contact we started to burst into laughter; it was difficult to keep quiet.
Finally, I peeked into the hallway to see the path was clear. We tumbled out the front door.
“Can we take the Jag?” I asked. “Otherwise, she’s gonna worry.”
As we drove out he turned to me. “So, she turned in early, huh?”
“According to Cruz,” I said, surpressing a smile. “We should probably keep this to ourselves.”
“Good idea,” he said. I pulled into the market lot and parked. “Marina?”
“Yes?” I asked.
He reached over to pull me towards him. “Good morning,” he said, kissing me.
“Good morning,” I replied, and it was.
Ethan left to go set up and I walked carefully over to the coffee cart. I felt eyes on me and turned to see Long watching me from a distance. He looked away quickly. It was a little disconcerting, but I wasn’t going to let his superstitions ruin my day. I picked up two lattes and a bag of chocolate croissants and went to go join Ethan. We sat down in chairs at the back of his stand for a few minutes before he had to get back to work.
“Is there anything I can do to help?” I asked.
He gave me a chocolaty kiss. “Just stay off your feet,” he commanded me. “And don’t go anywhere.”
I pulled a book out of my bag and started to read with my feet up on a chair.
“Hello water girl.” I looked up to see Lue Khang pushing a wheelbarrow past the back of the stand. I waved at him, smiling. He set it down and approached me.
“How are you today?” I asked politely.
He studied me, looking at my feet. I had the strange notion that he knew they were hurt, even though they were covered in another pair of fur-trimmed boots. I swung them down self-consciously.
“How did you know I made soup today?” he asked with a twinkle in his eye.
I laughed, and he invited me to come and have lunch with him later.
“Um, thanks. I’d love to,” I said with sincerity. Lue’s soup was delicious.
He nodded with satisfaction. “You should keep your feet up,” he said as he rolled away.
The day wore on, and as the crowd picked up I watched Ethan work, dealing with customers, giving gardening advice and stocking fresh plants. He moved with such natural grace, I had to fight the impulse to run up and throw my arms around him and smother him with kisses.
He asked me if I was getting hungry and I told him that Lue had invited me to have lunch with him.
“Naturally,” he said, smiling in amusement.
Long came over and took charge of the stand for Ethan, avoiding me as much as possible.  
“He really doesn’t like me,” I muttered to Ethan, feeling rejected. “What did I do?”
He laughed, and whispered in my ear, “He thinks you put a spell on me.” He took me by the hand and led me to a secluded spot behind one of the tents. “I think he might be onto something,” he murmured in my ear and kissed me, his hands kneading the small of my back. I wrapped my arms around his neck, sighing with happiness. We walked out holding hands.
“Marina, Ethan,” Lue called out, gesturing us over to his makeshift kitchen. He ladled us a couple of bowls and sat down with us, urging us to eat. The soup was as delicious as I remembered, and even better, because this time I sat close by Ethan, our legs pressed together shin to shin.
“Mmm, thanks Lue,” I said happily, “You ought to open a restaurant.” He found my observation very amusing, and laughed his funny little chuckle. Ethan thanked Lue, squeezed my knee under the table and got up to go.
“Take your time,” Ethan said. “But come back to me. Don’t wander off.”
I watched Ethan walk away and looked up to see Lue gazing at me with a speculative look on his weathered face.
“Long says animals attack you. Water spirits are still angry.” I nodded, wondering how much he knew.
“Uhm, Lue... What exactly do you mean by ‘water spirits’?”
He smiled indulgently, like I’d just asked a silly question. “Spirits that live in the water.”
“They’re trying to get me in the water,” I said, searching his hooded eyes. “Lue, do you think I’m the sacrifice they want?” 
I’d finally said it out loud, what I had been thinking for a while. My father had taken my mother from them, and maybe they wanted revenge. A life for a life. 
Lue contemplated the problem, showing no emotion. “Water doesn’t destroy water.”
“I don’t get it. What do I have they could possibly want?” I asked.
He looked surprised. “You have many gifts,” he said.
There was a flurry of feathers and a screech, and a seagull landed on the chair Ethan had just vacated. It advanced on me, turning its head and eyeballing me like the other one had done before. Overhead, a dozen more circled. I backed away but Lue went after it, waving it off with disdain.
“I better go,” I said nervously, suddenly wanting to be near Ethan. “Thank you Lue.”
“Good luck Marina,” he said, “Don’t worry, water always finds its way back to Earth.”
“Kob kun ka,” I said and bowed deeply, with sincere respect.
I hurried back to join Ethan as fast as my sore feet would take me, even more confused than I was before. He threw his arms around me, greeting me like I’d just returned after a long absence. I giggled at his enthusiasm and kissed him, a little amazed by how safe and comfortable I felt in his arms. As bizarre and painful as the events of the past few days had been, I’d never felt happier, and it was all because of him.
I settled back down, quietly reading as the market wound down. Ethan worked swiftly, packing up the stand and swinging by to plant kisses on me every so often. He drove me home, pulling up to the spot around the corner where his truck was parked.
“What are we going to do about tonight?” he asked.
“I’ll be okay on my own. We have school tomorrow, and you need your—” he leaned over and kissed me, instantly making me lose my train of thought.
“You’re not getting rid of me that easy,” he said. “Your feet aren’t healed up yet … and you’ve only had one good night’s sleep. I’d be up all night worrying if I went home.” He got out to retrieve his duffel and slipped back in, leaning over to kiss away my last feeble objections.
We pulled up to see a shining new Volvo sedan in the spot where Abby usually parked. It had dealer plates and stickers in the windows, and looked like it was fresh off the car lot.
“Who’s here?” Ethan asked.
“I have no idea,” I said. We parked and went in. Abby came racing up to hug me with a resplendent smile.
“Did you hear about your dad?” she was bubbling over with excitement. “He won the Nobel prize!” I felt a twinge of guilt that I hadn’t gotten so fired up about it.
“Uh, yeah, I called him. Whose car is that out front?”
Abby beamed, bubbling over with joy. “Martin is so good to us! You see, the prize comes with a lot of money, and he wanted to help us out. He had that car sent over for me and he’s paying for Cruz’s design school. He told me to let you know that you can choose any car you like! Plus, he’s going to fund some very important research ... I’m just so proud of him.”
“That’s nice,” I managed to force a smile. I was happy for Abby and Cruz but my heart sank, because this was typical of how my father compensated for not answering my questions.
“Congratulations,” said Ethan, catching my eye.
“Can you guys order some pizza tonight?” Abby smiled. “I’m going for a drive, I think I’ll go visit Dutch and show him my new car.”
“OK, tell him not to wait up for me. I have some studying to do.” Ethan smiled at Abby. She took off like a rocket as I sat down on the couch numbly, feeling defeated.
“So … what kind of car are you going to get?” asked Ethan.
I was irritated and hurt as I blurted out, “He’s trying to buy me off so I won’t keep asking him. This is the story of my life. Every time I try to talk about my mom he changes the subject and gets me something ... He can’t just take me out for an ice cream cone anymore!” I said angrily, fighting back tears.
Ethan sat down next to me and put his arms around me. “I’m sorry,” he said, rubbing my back soothingly. After a minute he started chuckling.
“What?” I asked defensively.
“You’re probably the only person I’ll ever know who wouldn’t be psyched about getting a new car,” he said, kissing my nose.
I sighed sadly. “Are you going to call me spoiled again?”
Cruz and Megan came barreling in and we pulled apart, looking up at the door.
“What’s wrong?” Cruz asked, scanning my face.
“Nevermind,” I said.
“Did you hear? Your dad’s paying for my school! This is awesome! Now I can quit my job and just work on my collection! I can spend my inheritance money on it! I should make your dad a suit! Do you have his measurements?” His enthusiasm snapped me out of my funk and I got up to give him a hug.
“He’s not really a suit guy, Cruz.” I smiled, and added sincerely, “I’m very happy for you.”
“Did you call Evie yet?” he asked.
“No, but I’ll do it right now,” I promised. “Oh … your mom went out for the night. Hey Megan, can you stay for pizza?”
Cruz and Megan each plopped down on a beanbag, and I excused myself to change and call Evie. She answered on the first ring, excited about Dad’s prize and effusive in her praise of him. She told me to let Cruz know how much she was looking forward to seeing her gown, and we made plans to bring it up to her on Saturday. She prattled on about getting us lunch reservations at a hot new restaurant. I always felt better after talking to Evie, and the sting of my father’s sidestep slowly eased.
I put plastic bags on my feet and took a quick shower, luxuriating in the hot water rushing all over me. I thought about the frigid ocean and felt a twinge of pity for Lorelei. This was a pleasure a mermaid could never know. I dressed, ran a comb through my wet hair and joined everyone in the living room.
“We’re on for Saturday!” I told Cruz, stopping when I noticed how they were all looking at me. The mood in the room was heavy, and the air thick with tension. “What?” I asked. “What happened?”
“You need to stay away from the beach!” Cruz exclaimed with worried eyes. 
“Jeez Marina,” said Megan. “Are you going to be alright? Ethan told us about the sea lions. How are you even walking on your feet?”
“Can we skip the pity party?” I said impatiently, casting an accusing glance at Ethan. “What kind of pizza do you guys want me to order?”
They lightened up a bit, mostly since I wasn’t going to tolerate any more conversation about every terrible thing that had been happening to me. I phoned in our order and when the pizza arrived we ate lounging on the couch. Abby might not have approved, but she wouldn’t have liked the pepperoni either.  
Ethan insisted on taking a look at my feet and decided he needed to change the dressings. He went out to the Jaguar to get his bag.
“He’s staying in your room now?” Megan whispered to me, eyes wide and amused.
“It’s not like that,” I said, my cheeks flushing hot. “He’s just worried about me.”
“I think he’s a little more than worried,” she said with a knowing smile.
“Me too,” added Cruz with a wink.
I glared at them, “It’s hard enough without all of your innuendos.”
“That’s what she said!” Cruz screeched, sending Megan into paroxysms of laughter.
The two of them were howling with mirth when Ethan returned, looking between them and me with amusement. He must have gathered they were teasing me, and sat by my side protectively.
He took my feet on his lap, unwrapping the bandages and gently scolding me for getting them wet. Cruz and Megan looked shocked when they saw the extent of the damage. Ethan tenderly applied ointment to the stitches and wrapped them back up. He pulled my sweatpant legs up a little to reveal a couple of enormous black and purple bruises on my shins. Cruz and Megan gasped.
“Good Lord, Marina! You really do need a bodyguard!” cried Megan.
Their pitying eyes irritated me. “It’s not that bad.”
“If that’s not bad, I don’t know what is,” said Cruz somberly.
“Do you see what I’m up against?” Ethan said, thankful to have someone side with him. “I have to work after school this week. I’m gonna need you guys to help me keep an eye on her when I can’t be around.”
“Oh come on! I don’t need babysitters!” I protested.
“Look Marina, clearly the mermaids are communicating with you telepathically,” said Megan. “And with animals too. You should at least try to always be around other people who can stop you if they—I don’t know ... hypnotize you or something.”
Megan had a way of getting directly to the point.
“Since when did you start believing in ESP?” I asked.
“Oh, probably just after I started believing in mermaids,” she replied. “Time to break out the tinfoil hats.”
“The what hats?” Cruz asked.
Megan rolled her eyes at him. “You know, tinfoil ... so the aliens and the government can’t read my brain-waves?”
Cruz scoffed, “You’re so weird!” he said.
“And you are so totally thick!” she fired back, shaking her head.
“That’s what she said!” Cruz shouted triumphantly.
We all laughed, and again, despite the mess I was in, I was surprised to find myself happier than I’d ever been. With Ethan next to me I felt calm and relaxed, and I dared to hope that everything would turn out okay after all.
~
The next week at school he was by my side constantly, making sure I stayed off my feet as much as possible. He would have carried me around if I’d let him, but we were attracting enough attention to ourselves as it was. 
The group of girls that followed the surfers around were noticeably disappointed with the situation, and I couldn’t help but wonder what they’d think if they knew where he was spending his nights. He refused to give up his vigil, and I really couldn’t argue after a particularly bad episode on Wednesday.
I dreamed about the circle of mermaids, only this time they were clutching at me, grabbing hold of my arms and legs. I was fighting them with everything I had, and I woke up to find Ethan wrapped around me, trying to wake me up and hold me down at the same time.
I was mortified to find that I had clawed at him and left marks on his arms. My eyes stung with tears of remorse and shame, and as hard as I tried, I couldn’t keep from crying. I was bitterly disappointed that the sleepwalking didn’t seem to be ending, and now Ethan was being hurt by it. He just held me, telling me it was going to be alright, until I fell back into a fitful sleep.
I spent my afternoons with Cruz and Megan. It made me uneasy to see how they watched me, constantly on the lookout for any strange behavior, but I went along with it willingly, because it was the only way to get Ethan to leave my side and go surfing. 
The waves were building, and Ethan’s contest was on for Saturday. A storm brewing off the coast was creating large ocean swells, and all of the surfers at school were buzzing with excitement. I was frustrated, wishing I could go and watch Ethan compete, but I knew that my presence there would be a distraction. It turned out that going to Evie’s that day would serve a dual purpose.
I woke up early on Saturday and quietly watched Ethan as he slept. His chest rose and fell gently, and his lips turned up in the tiniest smile, as though he were in the middle of a sweet dream. I had to fight the urge to kiss his eyelids, to run my finger down the length of his nose, to nibble on his ear.
He was so heartrendingly perfect he took my breath away. I wondered how I could have been so lucky to have met him, much less have him sacrifice so much of his time for me. I think I fell for him the first moment I laid eyes on him, but over the weeks my feelings had grown and grown. I had to admit that I was in love.
Deeply, endlessly, hopelessly, head over heels in love.
Acknowledging it to myself was more than a little alarming. I knew that Ethan cared for me, I just wasn’t sure he felt it quite so acutely. I also knew he was protective of me, which made me love him even more, but I didn’t want him to see me as needy and helpless. He’d been careful not to get too physical on his overnight stays, and I took this as a sign that his feelings were more muted.
It was different during the day. At school the heat coming off of him was intoxicating, and we were always looking for some secluded doorway in which we could kiss and cuddle, hidden away from our curious classmate’s stares. The mixed signals were maddening, and only made me want him even more.
Friday night had been a good one, with no sleepwalking. I hoped I hadn’t woken him in the night, but I couldn’t be entirely sure. Some vague, diaphanous memories of dreams hovered frustratingly just beyond my ability to recall them, refusing to leave me in peace. I felt like I was missing the obvious—like something was hovering right in my peripheral vision. 
The situation had to change soon, because my feelings were so strong they scared me, and I was afraid I was on the verge of losing control. I wanted Ethan to get some rest before the tournament, so I sat up slowly and stealthily tried to unhook the surfboard leash. I just about had it off when hands snaked around my waist, and I was pulled back down, giggling.
“Where do you think you’re going?” he asked, wrapping his arms around me.
“I wanted to let you sleep,” I said, snuggling up against him.
He kissed my ear and muttered, “Mmm, you’re not making this easy on me.”
I was suddenly shy, and I sat up again to remove the leash. “I didn’t wake up last night.” 
Ethan ran his fingers up and down my spine, making me squirm.
“I wish we could stay here all day,” he said.
“Are you trying to get me in trouble with Cruz?”
“Who... me?” he said, his lazy eyes smiling.
I got up and gathered my clothes for the trip to San Francisco. Evie liked to see me dressed up, and I didn’t plan to disappoint. It looked like a cold blustery day, so I chose accordingly, picking a pair of tall black boots, patterned tights, a short leather skirt and a soft cashmere sweater. I left to go change in the bathroom.
Cleaned up, made up and dressed, I looked like a different person. A city girl. I knew Evie would approve. I came back into my room to find the bed empty.
“Ethan?” I closed the door to find him standing behind it.
“Look at you,” he said, reaching out for me. He hugged me to him, and looked me in the eye. “You’re tall today.” I lifted up my boot to show him the four-inch heel. His brow wrinkled, “How are your feet feeling?”
I smiled with a shrug, “Evie loves the designer shoes. She says we must suffer for fashion.” He frowned, and I tried to placate him, “My feet are much better, plus I’m only walking in these from the car to the elevator.” I kissed him, running my hands across his broad shoulders and back. I whispered in his ear, “I wish I could be there to watch you surf.” He held me tighter and pressed his face into my hair.
“You’ll be safer in the city. Just stay away from the water.”
“In these boots?” I asked playfully.
He chuckled and kissed my neck. “Your skin is so soft,” he murmured, brushing his lips up and down my throat. I was having a hard time catching my breath.
I pulled away with considerable regret. “We have to get going.”
“Can I come by tonight?” he asked.
“How long can we keep this up?” I wondered aloud.
 He drew me back towards him, enfolding me in a tight embrace as he whispered in my ear, “As long as it takes.”
I kissed him and backed out of the room in a daze.
“I’ll miss you today,” he called softly after me.
I went down the hall to the kitchen to find Cruz sipping coffee. He was anxious to show Evie her gown and had gotten up and dressed early too.
“You look sharp,” Cruz said, and I took a bow.
“As do you. Where’s your mom?” I asked.
He rolled his amused brown eyes. “Out all night again,” he said with feigned outrage. 
Abby was terrible at sneaking around, and Cruz had caught on right away. It was a good thing. Cruz had one foot out the door, metaphorically speaking, and had been feeling a little conflicted about moving to San Francisco and leaving her all alone. He was relieved that Abby had another man to fuss over.
It turned out to be convenient for me too, as smuggling Ethan in and out had been surprisingly easy due to Abby and Dutch’s rapidly developing relationship. Even when Abby was around she was floating around with her head in the clouds, and Ethan said his dad was the same way. They had thrown caution to the wind and gotten involved quickly; they were happy, and seemed to be a very good match.
I went to go tell Ethan the coast was clear.
We ate some breakfast together before I walked him out the door. This morning, the air felt different, as though it were supercharged with electricity. We touched and there was a spark of static. Ethan laughed and hugged me close. I wished him luck and sent him on his way after a long passionate kiss.
Cruz joined me on the porch. “I thought I was going to have to turn a hose on you guys,” he complained, “I mean, honestly! It’s like the two of you just suck up into each other when you’re together.”
“Let’s get going,” I said, ignoring him, too happy to care. I felt lighthearted despite the dark cloudy morning. We clambered into the Jaguar and drove to the city, full of optimism. 
It was going to be a wonderful day.

~

CHAPTER TWENTYFOUR
PREMONITION

~

We arrived at Evie’s to warm greetings all around. I settled down on the couch with a poodle on either side of me, mindful to stay off my feet as much as possible. Cruz nervously pulled the gown out of its garment bag and presented it to Evie. He needn’t have worried; the dress was an absolute showstopper and I could tell that Evie was pleased before she even tried it on.
“Told you so!” I smiled at Cruz as Evie rhapsodized over the lace and fine handwork. She excused herself, taking the gown to her dressing room, while Cruz paced nervously, toying with his eyebrow piercings.
“Relax,” I said, getting up to give him a reassuring hug, “It’s beautiful.”
“Do you really think she likes it?” he asked. Evie’s squeals of delight echoed in the background.
“I’m not sure ...” I teased him, and he squeezed me tightly with relief.
“Ahk!” I gasped. “I don’t need a spinal adjustment!”
“Sorry,” Cruz smiled sheepishly, kissing both of my cheeks. “I’m just so happy!”
I beamed at him; his joy was infectious, and delighted me as if it were my own.
Evie came floating out, looking beautiful. The cut of the gown flattered her, and its golden blonde lace picked up the undertones in her hair. Cruz had worked relentlessly, putting his heart and soul into this piece, and it showed. He circled around her, checking the fit and noting tiny alterations he would make.
“I have news!” Evie beamed. She’d called my father with congratulations, and he’d invited her to join our group at the awards ceremony. She had her travel agent rework our plans and made reservations for suites at the Grand Hotel. She reminisced about some of her previous visits to the award ceremonies, telling us all about the beautiful architecture in the charming city.
“I can wear this gown to the banquet!” cried Evie.
“I still can’t believe I’m going to Norway! And now I’m going with Evelyn Pond!” Cruz put his hands on his cheeks and shook his head like it was just too much to take in all at once.
Evie reached over to give Cruz a peck on the cheek. “You’ll absolutely love the shopping in Oslo!” she enthused.
Cruz started peppering her with questions about where we would go and what kinds of clothes he should pack.
“Darling, bring an empty suitcase and we’ll find some wonderful new things. The Scandinavian style is absolutely fabulous! I’ll show you all of the best places.”
I was grateful for her kindness to Cruz. “I’m so glad we’ll have you there.” Evie was family, a part of us, and I was overjoyed that we were all drawing closer together. 
I smiled wryly when I remembered how much I had resisted the move to Aptos. The place had changed me, and now I realized that it had always been a part of me, and that I belonged there. I thought of Ethan, and realized he had become part of me too. I felt a happy little chill run down my spine as I counted my blessings.
When the wrenching pain hit me right behind the eyes I reeled backwards, nearly crashing into an end table. Cruz was by my side in a flash, steadying me and backing me up to the sofa. I struggled to catch a breath, the wind completely knocked out of me by the shocking vision that was being projected inside my head.
I saw a vivid image of Ethan, and it terrified me. 
I could see his face clearly, surrounded by a stormy sea. He wore his wetsuit along with a look of unimaginable agony. My blood ran cold and my heart clenched tightly, seizing my chest in agony. I couldn’t breathe.
“Marina! Marina!” I could hear Cruz’s voice echoing from far away, and a rushing sound like the sea swept through my mind until I opened my eyes to find myself lying back on Evie’s couch.
“No,” I whispered, looking into Cruz and Evie’s frightened eyes. I sprang to my feet.
“Cruz—I have to go back. Something’s going to happen to Ethan! Something bad.”
“What? What’s going on?” said Cruz, hands on my arms. “Marina, you need to sit down.”
“No!” I insisted with ferocity, “This happened before … the last time we were here!” I looked at him intensely. “I had a premonition and we came home to find him in the hospital!” I turned to Evie. “I saw something just now ... a vision of him. It came true last time and now it’s happening again.”    
She looked stunned. “Fatima told me you were ...” her voice trailed off.
“Aunt Evie, I have to get to him. I love him.”
“I know, sweetheart,” she said, coming over to give me a hug.
“My God! The contest!” My heart pounded with a flood of adrenaline as I realized where he was. My hands were shaking and I was starting to panic, hyperventilating.
Evie looked at me solemnly and nodded. “Cruz, you’d better take her back.” She hugged each of us quickly, and kissed me on both cheeks. “Be careful my love.”
~
We drove home as fast as possible, but our progress was slowed by driving rain that came from out of nowhere. The windshield wipers could barely keep up with the downpour. Rivers of water ran across the roadway and the skies were dark with the blackest clouds I’d ever encountered.
Cruz gasped, clinging to the steering wheel, “I’ve never seen it come down this hard!” We made our way home, driving into blinding sheets of rain at an agonizingly slow pace.
“Thanks for listening to me,” I said, wringing my hands.
“You should have seen yourself. You went as white as a ghost. Your eyes rolled all the way back—it was creepy as all hell! Listen to me ... Calm down, it’s probably just being at Evie’s that reminded you of what happened last time.”
“It wasn’t this bad last time,” I moaned.
He reached over to pat my arm. “It’s going to be alright.”
I hoped that he was right, and I told Cruz what I saw. He knew how to get to the spot where the competition was being held, so I closed my eyes and prayed as we crept along the rain-slicked roads at a snail’s pace. We finally arrived at the point only to find a deserted rocky beach. The wind lashed the waves and the rain was pouring down on the rugged shoreline. 
There wasn’t a soul in sight.
We drove a ways down the coast and pulled over at lonely gas station. I got out and ran into the garage, looking around frantically for any sign of life. A man working on a car glanced up at me. Startled, he hit his head on the fender.
“Can I help you miss?” he sputtered, staring at me as if I were an apparition.
“The big wave contest at the point—what happened?” I asked, panicked.
“Oh, they called that thing off when the storm rolled in,” he said. “This is no kinda weather to be out in.”
“Thanks!” I cried and ran back to the car in the driving rain. Maybe I was wrong. Maybe nothing had happened. I told Cruz the news and he was relieved.
“See? Nothing to worry your pretty little head about!”
“Can you take me to Ethan’s, just to be sure?” I asked.
We drove to the apartment, amazed by the size of the waves we saw along the coast. The sea looked angry, raging at the sky and tearing at the land. I felt a little tingle of fear in my spine. I raced up the stairs despite my crippling boots, and pounded on the door.
Ethan opened it with a hard, worried look on his handsome face.
“Thank God!” I threw myself onto him, wrapping my arms around him with relief.
Cruz came up behind me. “She thinks something’s going to happen to you. You should have seen her—she just went totally ballistic! Hey mom … What’s going on?”
I looked up to see Abby’s tear streaked face. The pain behind my eyes returned with a vengeance, and the roar of the ocean filled my ears. This time I saw Dutch, surrounded by huge waves. He was covered in bright orange and clinging to a white cube. My knees gave out and I slumped to the floor.
Now it was Ethan’s voice calling my name as I struggled back to consciousness. Abby was holding my hands, and Ethan was kneeling over me. I was lying on the couch. I bolted upright.
“Oh my God! It wasn’t you! It was your dad! We have to go find him!” 
Ethan looked at me in stunned silence.
“Oh Abby,” I hugged her. “Don’t worry, we can find him.”
They looked at me as if I’d gone mad, and I made a serious effort to regain my composure, drawing in a deep, shaky breath.
“What’s going on?” I asked. “Tell me.”
Ethan sat down and grimly explained what had happened. Dutch had taken a group out on a fishing charter when he got caught in the sudden squall. He had radioed in a distress call before his signal was cut off. The coast guard sent a clipper boat out to his last known position and they’d been sitting in the apartment, anxiously waiting for word. Ethan looked miserable, and my heart ached for him.
“It will be fine,” I said slowly and firmly. “They’ll bring him back. I saw him.”
They all looked at me funny, and started trying their best to get me to lie back down. I finally clammed up in frustration, unable to find a way to make them believe me.
We waited for several hours. Cruz made some coffee and sat with his arm around Abby, who was fighting back tears. Ethan paced nervously, sitting and standing every few minutes. I didn’t know what to do. The wind and rain howled outside.
There was a rap on the door and we all jumped. It was the harbormaster with news. He looked sick as he spoke to Ethan.
“Son, your dad’s vessel went down.” Ethan blanched and I stepped to his side. 
The man went on to say that they’d rescued all of the passengers clinging to the inflatable, but Dutch hadn’t made it onto the lifeboat. They’d called off the search due to hazardous conditions, but planned to mount a recovery operation at first light. I shuddered at the word “recovery”, and turned to see that Ethan’s face had gone completely bloodless.
The harbormaster told Ethan where he had secured the inflatable, said a few awkward words about Dutch being a hero, and hurried away.
Ethan clung to me like a drowning man, and I could hear Abby’s heart-wrenching sobs in the background.
“Ethan, I saw him. I know he’s alive,” I said, looking him squarely in the eye. I took his face in my hands, “Please believe me.”
“How can that be?” he choked out.
“Sit down,” I said seriously, and led him to the kitchen table. He looked numb. I sat down next to him, taking his hands in mine, desperate to make him listen.
“Ever since I met Lorelei I’ve been seeing, well, having ... visions.” He looked at me like I had gone completely out of my mind. Determined, I went on, “Sometimes I see an image and blurt out something in mermaid—something I know will happen. I don’t know how, I just know. I get that it sounds crazy—but I saw Cruz being a famous designer, and I saw the house you’re going to build.”
He put his head in his hands as I continued, “When I met your dad in the hospital, I saw he was going to be with Abby. I saw a picture of them standing together, before they even saw each other. And just now I saw your father. He’s in the water, and we have to go get him!”
He looked up at me with sad, grim, skeptical eyes. “What exactly did you see?”
“He was in the waves, holding onto something white.” Ethan put his head down again. “Like a box or something …” I remembered, and added, “He was wearing bright orange.” His head snapped up and he looked at me with a flicker of hope.
“Ethan, we can get him, I know it.” He stood up out of his chair and I hugged him, overwhelmed with relief. “Let’s go!” I said.
“You’re not going anywhere,” he said. “I am.” He went to go get his gear with me trailing behind him. A deadly calm passed over me, and my mind was made up.
“You need me to find him,” I said firmly. “I’m coming.”
“No. It’s too dangerous out there.”
“Ethan, they can help. I can make them help me.”
He stared at me. “Are you out of your mind?” he asked.
I looked at him with steady serious eyes. “It’s safer for me than it is for you. I can talk to them. You can’t. They owe me something, according to them. We can make a deal.”
“No,” he said, fear in his blue eyes.
“I’m going—with or without you. You can’t stop me.”
“Marina—” he choked out. He had no idea how pointless arguing with me was.
“My mind is made up. Are you going to make me swim?”
He finally gave in, but he really had no choice, for I meant every word I said with all of my heart. He put on his wetsuit and gave me another one to try. It was much bigger than mine, so I slipped out of my boots and zipped it on over my clothes. I felt calm and still inside, certain beyond a shadow of a doubt that we were going to find Dutch and bring him home.
He explained to me that his dad had an orange survival suit onboard his boat, and if he had managed to get it on he might still be alive. We only had a few hours of daylight left, and Dutch certainly couldn’t survive overnight in the water. He made me swear to hold on tight, and warned me that the waves would be strong enough to throw me out of the boat.
Cruz was on the couch with Abby, who was completely beside herself.
“This isn’t such a good idea …” he said, his voice tight with tension. I turned and looked at him with fiery eyes and he stopped. We ran out for the inflatable.
The wind was screaming and the waves were massive as we motored out of the harbor. I held onto the boat tightly and began calling for Lorelei. I tried to imagine talking to her in mermaid and focused on the water. Ethan was steering, heading out in the direction of the last known sighting of his dad’s boat.
A head popped out of the water, followed by two others. Each one was shimmering, iridescent and otherworldly beautiful. My heart raced wildly in my chest.
“Sisters! I need your help.” They all smiled in recognition.
“Come with us,” they chanted in unison. Their combined voices were impossibly harmonic, like a choir of angels. They clung to the side of the boat, rising and falling with the waves. I turned to see Ethan’s eyes filled with terror.
“I need your help to find a man in the water,” I said, ignoring their request.
“You have been summoned,” they sang.
“No!” I cried, “I must find this man now!” They looked pouty, like little children whose toys were being taken away. They all disappeared at once. I turned to Ethan, who was fighting for control as we rode up and over each giant swell.
They popped up again suddenly, only now there were two more in their ranks. Each one was more beautiful than the last. They smiled beguilingly at me and Ethan.
“Please help us find the man,” I cried. “He’s floating out here and we have to find him!”
“We know where he is,” they sang melodically.
“Take us to him!” I demanded. They just smiled, wild and compassionless.
One of them climbed up on the side of the boat. Her face was within inches of mine, “If you come with us we will show you to him.”
I looked at Ethan and he looked terrified. I thought about Dutch, out here by himself. I thought about Abby, broken-hearted, back at the apartment.
I nodded, and spoke slowly. It was imperative that they follow my instructions. “I’ll come with you, but only if you bring us to the man, and take this boat with both of them in it safely back to the harbor.”
She smiled and agreed to my conditions. There was no way we were going to find Dutch without their help—I was going to have to trust them to keep their word. The beautiful creatures circled our boat and grabbed hold of it. They started to swim, their powerful fins propelling us through the water as if we were floating on air. Ethan came to my side and held onto me tightly. Within minutes we neared a figure bobbing in the rough water.
“Dad!” Ethan yelled. 
Dutch was clinging onto a white cooler, his face ashen. He had an orange suit on, just as I had seen in my vision. One of the mermaids flipped him on board as though he were weightless, reminding me of their immense strength. Ethan and I knelt by Dutch’s side and his eyes flickered open. He was breathing, but he looked bad. We had clearly gotten there just in time. Ethan looked up at me, awestruck.
“Marina, come with us,” the chanting started, “Come now!” A sweet singsong cacophony of voices called out to me. We looked around, and now there were at least ten of them, flipping and frolicking in the water, surrounding the little boat.
I felt sick as I looked into Ethan’s frightened eyes.
I addressed them. “Take them back to the harbor right now!”
“Yes Marina,” they chanted in unison.
“I’m sorry Ethan.” A look of horror was dawning on his face. “But I made a deal.” 
Two mermaids lunged out of the water and clamped onto my arms, plucking me out of the boat and dragging me into their midst. Several more grabbed hold of the boat and started swimming it back. The last thing I saw before they pulled me under the water was Ethan’s agonized face. My vision had come true.
At that moment I knew that he loved me too, and that I had just broken his heart.

~

CHAPTER TWENTYFIVE
COUNCIL

~

I prepared to die as they dragged me deeper and deeper under the water. My ears ached with the pressure and my lungs felt as though they would burst. The physical pain was nothing compared to the overwhelming sorrow, and I sobbed silently as we descended. I cried for Ethan, for Evie, and for my father. I mourned for all the people I loved that I’d never see again. 
My vision darkened and I exhaled one last time, welcoming oblivion. When I inhaled water the shock to my lungs doubled me over. Two mermaids held me tightly by the wrists and smiled with merciless charm as I struggled. I coughed, and tiny bubbles of air streamed to the surface.
Water flowed in and out of my lungs, icy cold and dense. My ears stopped hurting as the air drained out of me, replaced by freezing cold water. I looked at the mermaids that held me, incredulous. I was breathing underwater just as they did, and it felt familiar, like some vestigial memory of being in the womb.
My body no longer registered the cold as the water flowed in and out, equalizing my temperature. My blurry eyesight began to clear. The mermaids holding me came into sharp focus and the water no longer felt heavy flowing across my eyes. My hands and feet began to tingle.
We continued to descend until the sunlight could no longer penetrate the depths, and something strange began to happen to the mermaid’s skin. What had been pale and reflective in the light was now luminous and glowing. They were phosphorescent, casting their own light into the black abyss. The moving reflection of the sheer rock wall was the only clue that we continued to descend. We finally hit the bottom at a kind of cavern, a circular chamber with vertical rock walls.
Ethan had told me that just off of our California coastline lie some of the deepest ocean waters on earth; a submarine canyon under extreme pressure and far too deep for divers to penetrate. He explained how robotic submersibles had recorded strange undiscovered sea life that was as alien as if it had just arrived from outer space. I remembered the awe in his voice as he speculated on the mysteries hidden in the ocean’s unexplored trenches. And now I’d been taken to some kind of mermaid meeting in the deepest part of it.
I was brought to the center of the cavern, and I watched in a daze as a few dozen mermaids began to drift in and hover in a circle around me. They truly were majestic creatures, all of them young and powerful with brilliantly colored hair framing beautiful, delicate faces. They all had perfectly formed torsos that morphed into gloriously finned tails, and each one sparkled with her own light. 
They viewed me with childlike wonder, and began to reach out and touch my hair, face and wet suit. They didn’t seem to know the wetsuit wasn’t my skin and pinched and pulled at it, confused.
They were most fascinated by my feet, and poked at them, examining my toes with a mixture of curiosity and revulsion. I flinched away from their touches, still restrained by the pair that had dragged me down. I kicked their hands away, and as the shock started to wear off I became increasingly aggravated, offended by their rudeness.
My courage rose along with my temper, giving me renewed strength to defy them. I became furiously angry, and I drew power from it. I twisted and turned, trying to break their grip, screaming watery screams. I thought about Ethan urging me to fight and redoubled my efforts. One of them found the zipper pull and they peeled back the wetsuit, tearing away at my clothes until I was stripped bare.
I could see them fighting with each other over each garment, putting their arms in the sweater backwards and pulling the skirt on over their heads. Two of them fought over the wetsuit in a vicious tug of war; another was trying to pull my tights onto her fin. In the eerie glow of luminous mermaid light the scene was comically surrealistic.
“Stop it! Let go of me!” I yelled, and the swimming ones looked at me in wide-eyed amazement, backing away.
“She can talk! She can talk!” Their bell-like voices echoed off the rock walls. I looked around, wondering what they had in store for me. I had been willing to sacrifice my life, but now the will to live rose up in me like a phoenix springing from a bed of smoldering ashes. I saw Ethan’s devastated face in my mind, and I knew I had to get back to the surface. I had to get back to him. I tried to free my wrists from the vise-like grip of the mermaids, but they were too strong.
“What are you holding me for? What do you think I’m going to do?” I asked the ones on each side of me. They were confused, as though they had difficulty thinking for themselves.
“Who’s in charge? Who’s your leader?” I felt like I was in a bad science fiction movie.
All the ringing voices seemed to stop at once as the mermaids lined up against the cavern walls. There was a palpable change in the atmosphere, and my scalp tingled as my hair stood on end. They all looked in one direction expectantly and I followed suit, craning my neck to see what was coming our way.
A solo mermaid came floating in, smiling tranquilly. She seemed to make little effort to move, swanning into the room with an air of authority. Her glowing yellow hair fanned out, giving her an angelic glow. She was as young and beautiful as all the rest, but the way they deferred to her told me this one was different.
“Hey you!” I yelled to her, “Tell them to let go of me!” She laughed with delight and circled around, studying me. Nodding to the others, she turned and floated to a perch high up on the wall. The two that held me released my arms and drifted away into the crowd.
I was fuming as I floated there, neither rising nor sinking. I hung suspended in the current-less black water. I glared at the ring of glowing mermaids and addressed the lead one.
“What do you want from me?” I demanded to know, my voice shaking. I was humiliated, naked and angry.
“You are Marina, born of Adria.”
“Yes,” I said through gritted teeth. “Who are you?”
“I am Naida.”
“What do you want with me, Naida?” I demanded to know.
“Adria is no more,” she said.
I nodded, “She died.”
“Her life force is now yours. You will become one of the sisterhood and her gift will become yours.”
“What gift?” I asked suspiciously, not sure I wanted it.
“You will be as the tides and the moon; you will live as one of us.”
I shuddered at the thought of living in this dark watery world. “No! I don’t want to stay. I want to go back.” I thought about the sacrifice I would need to make. “Please let me go home. What can I give you to let me go home?”
She leaned forward with a stern look on her stunning face. “You are one of us and now you must swim with us.”
My hands started to itch and I held them up to see webbing forming between my fingers. The itching spread to my feet.
“Nooo!” I screamed as loudly as I could. The briny water rushed out of my lungs and with each inhale I began to feel less and less human.
A blinding pain started at the base of my neck and traveled through each vertebrae down my back. I looked in absolute horror to see my legs were beginning to merge from the thighs down. I could feel the long bones of my legs melding into an extension of my spine, making a terrible grinding sound like the gnashing of a thousand teeth. I don’t know how long I floated there, writhing in complete agony.
The pain slowly subsided, and my head began to clear. My first thought was to run, to get away from this place and all the chattering mermaids. I looked down to see a magnificent fin where my feet should have been. I must have gone into shock as I smoothed my hands down my... scales!
I ran, or actually swam away, faster than I ever thought possible. The sensation was like nothing I could have imagined. Even in my most fanciful swimming dreams I could never have conjured up the feeling of the water, the speed, the agility. The absolute and total freedom and power was seductive. I was one with the ocean and I could feel its force and power flow through me. No human was meant to know such wonder.
I paused and held up my hand, examining my shimmering skin and the fine mesh of sparkling webbing that had formed between my fingers. It felt like a dream, but in the recesses of my mind I accepted the reality that my transformation was complete. I fled again, swimming blindly. Somehow, if I was fast enough, I imagined that I might run away from myself, from having to admit what I’d become.
My brain felt like it was in a fog, sedated by a pleasant dream of swimming as one with the flowing water. I started to feel comfortable in my new abilities and when I looked down, my tail didn’t seem very odd at all. I was strong, and I felt invincible. I could imagine living in this watery realm forever, swimming freely without any human concerns. I was flying, soaring in a liquid sky, innocent as an animal.
A distant memory of the sun shining in the sky spurred me to start swimming upwards. When my head broke the surface I looked up to see that the storm had passed and the sky was lit with a bright moon. Disoriented and dazed, I could feel the glowing orb’s irresistible pull tugging at every cell in my body.
Many heads popped up next to me and I realized that they had all been following me.
Naida’s face appeared alongside me. “Marina, now do you see? This is where you belong. This is your birthright.”
I looked up at the moon again, and then across the horizon where I saw other lights. I had surfaced near the harbor, and I could see a warm yellow glow coming from all the houses along the shoreline. I recognized Ethan’s apartment building with a shock. My human heart skipped a beat, and the ocean forces that were taking me over weakened a tiny bit. I thought about Ethan’s face and voice and started to reclaim my ability to think. I started to remember my human life and I clung to the memory with all my might.
I had to get back, had to change back somehow before I was totally lost in the dream of the ocean. I felt like I was trying to shake off a powerful addiction. Voices in my head whispered that I should stay, that I was finally where I belonged. I had to make it back before my mind was completely befuddled by the power of the moon and the tide. I thought of my father, of Evie and Abby. I remembered Cruz and Megan, my home and my life on land.
“Naida,” I said with desperate intensity. “I must go back. It’s wonderful here ... but I can never be happy without the people I love.”
“Marina, think carefully,” she said as she circled me. “If you go, you must give up your gift.”
I nodded. Ethan, I thought, Ethan. He was the only thing that kept me clinging to sanity.
“I want to go back. I have to go back,” I said with absolute conviction.
She looked at me with narrowed eyes and motioned for me to follow her back underwater. We swam towards the chamber where I had transformed. The thought occurred to me that this spot held some sort of power, some significance to them. I hurried after her. When we reached the chamber she reclaimed the high perch she had sat upon before.
The rest of the mermaids filed in, uncharacteristically quiet.
Naida scrutinized me. “Our kind has been hunted and abused by the humans. They show no gratitude for our many kindnesses to them. They slaughter our precious pets. They lure our sisters away from home, never to be seen again… Why must you return to them?”
I thought about how to explain it to her. “I’m as much human as I am mermaid. I need my human family, and I can’t live without them.”
“We must confer,” she said and closed her eyes in concentration. I looked around in amazement to see all the others had done the same. I thought about Megan’s insight about mermaid telepathy. Maybe this spot was where they could read each other’s minds.
Naida snapped her head up and opened her eyes. She was the messenger, the mouthpiece for their communal brain.
“We have decided to grant your request on one condition. Is this your final choice?” she asked.
“Yes!” I nodded frantically. “I want to go back home,” I said seriously. “On land,” I added, just in case.
“The decision that you make is what ended Adria,” she warned, her voice harsh.
I swallowed hard. “I know.”
“You have to forsake the gift that your mother has left behind for you. We cannot stop you, but we will grant you fifty moons to make a final choice,” she said.
“I don’t understand, what gift?”
“The gift of eternal life.”
I was shocked, trying to wrap my mind around the concept. My mother had given up immortality to be with my father and take a chance on motherhood. I wondered if she understood what that meant. As she lay dying did she have any regrets about her choice? It was as sad as anything I could imagine.
So I could choose to live forever. Now I understood how my mother had known Stella, and what Lorelei meant about the moon and tides. They were things that went on and on, they were eternal … but what were they compared to love?
Naida swam around me as I made my choice. “If you give up the gift, you must suffer the change back right now.” 
I could tell she thought I’d be afraid of the pain.  
I steeled myself, and looked her squarely in the eyes. I was brought up as a human, knowing that someday I would die. I was raised with the sun and the wind, with the seasons changing. I expected to see birth and death. I would do anything to see Ethan again. There was no hesitation.
“I want to change back. I want to go home,” I said firmly.
She looked surprised, and a little annoyed. “You will be allowed to return to the others,” she announced loudly. “But after fifty moons the change back will no longer be possible. You will be giving up a life of eternal peace and beauty.” She leaned in to stare at me intensely. “AND YOU WILL DIE.”
A familiar face came out of the crowd. It was Lorelei, and she looked sad.
“Marina, why don’t you want to be with your sisters?” she whimpered.
“Lorelei, I’ll always be your sister—only I’ll live on land.” 
She knit her glowing brows together in sorrow. “I wanted to show you my home.”
“Lorelei, please,” I said gently, afraid I might say the wrong thing. “I want to be with my family. My human family. I can’t live without them.” She frowned and I continued, “I have to go back now.”
Lorelei looked to Naida for instructions. I held my watery breath for a moment, praying she would allow me to leave. Some imperceptible signal passed between them and Lorelei came forward, taking my arm.
“Will you still come to see me?” she asked.
“Of course,” I said. “We can go wave riding together.” Lorelei laughed with delight at the prospect, a chorus of tinkling bells. “Please take me home now,” I pleaded. She nodded and pulled me alongside her, slowly swimming upwards.
As we started our ascent, I went limp with relief. I hadn’t realized how hard I was fighting to keep hold of my human side, and I could barely think to move my fin. I looked back down on the glowing chamber as we rose. It looked like a constellation in the sky.
So I had fifty moons to choose whether or not to return to this watery world. There was no denying the powerful pull of the ultimate return to nature. There was also no denying the power of my love for Ethan. I closed my eyes and saw his face, holding onto the image with all my might.
Our heads burst into the fresh air of a new morning. Had I really been under the sea all night? All sense of time had vanished in the black underwater world, and I remembered that day and night meant nothing to mermaids. Their world existed without the warm rays of the sun moving across the beautiful blue sky, clouds, wind and air. They had only the pull of the moon and the tides to regulate their world.
The whole thing seemed like a dream. I looked down at the delicate webbing linking my fingers and knew that it was real. We swam to the end of the pier and it was odd to see the cement boat from a mermaid’s perspective. I grabbed onto a broken chunk of concrete and started to cough up water. My hands and tail began the now familiar tingling. With each ragged intake of air I started to become more and more human.
I gathered my courage for the unbelievable pain of transformation. Lorelei kept hold of my arm as I suffered the tortuous change back to my human form. Every cell in my body screamed in pain, and I looked into her worried eyes through a haze of enormous suffering. I knew that with every fresh wave of agony I was closer to being with Ethan and I bore it with barely a whimper. I felt my legs slice through the water and looked down, relieved to see my human body had been restored.
Lorelei started to swim me ashore, a melancholy look on her face. The storm had passed, and the pink light of dawn was one of the most beautiful things I had ever seen. I could see the beach now, decorated with a fresh layer of kelp and driftwood from the storm.
We continued on until I felt the sand beneath my newly formed feet. Lorelei let go of my arm and I turned to thank her. It was a fresh new day, and I felt like I was being reborn. I waded out of the surf and fell to my knees on the sand, coughing until I ejected the last few droplets from my lungs. I felt like the luckiest girl in the world, and I was so happy I laughed out loud.
I shivered in the clear morning air. I was cold and I was naked, but I was alive. A few short hours ago I had faced down death, and given up an immortal life under the sea to come back home. I didn’t care who saw me. I had to get to Ethan.
An elderly gentleman walking a waddling little pug along the shoreline looked up as I approached him with a wry smile. His eyes flew open wide with surprise when he took me in.
“Excuse me sir,” I asked, “but, may I borrow your sweater?” He took it off slowly and handed it to me in stunned silence.
“Keep it,” was all he said.
I wrapped myself up, pulling it down as best I could, and headed home as fast as my tender new feet could take me.
The Jaguar was in the driveway when I reached Abby’s charming little house. I burst in the door, surprising a tired, drawn-out looking Cruz.
“Marina!” he cried, rushing to look at me, eyes as big as saucers. “Oh my God! Where did you come from?” We embraced and he drew back, looking me over in shock. “That sweater’s hella ugly!”
I laughed with the sheer joy of being alive and gave him another big hug. “I love you!” I cried.
“What happened?” he asked, befuddled. “Ethan said they drowned you!”
“I’m back—I got away! Where is he?” I asked. “I have to go find him.” I ran down the hall to put some clothes on and raced back out to find Cruz trying to call Abby. He was having trouble with the hospital switchboard and hung up in exasperation.
“Ethan was at the hospital when I left. He’s been blaming himself all night. Abby stayed behind with Dutch. My god Marina! She’s a wreck—she was about to call your dad ...”
“Is Dutch OK?” I asked.
“He’s fine—it’s Ethan I’d be worried about,” said Cruz.
“I have to find him right now!” I felt like my heart would burst with joy, “I’m finally free! I’ll tell you what happened later.” I left Cruz with a hug and a flurry of kisses before I grabbed the keys and raced out the door.
“Drive careful!” he called after me. He needn’t have worried. 
I wasn’t about to take any chances with my newborn life.

~

CHAPTER TWENTYSIX
REUNION

~

I pulled up to the hospital, overflowing with impatient anticipation. I left the car parked at a crazy angle and ran to the reception desk to frantically ask where Dutch’s room was. It seemed to take the receptionist an excruciatingly long time to look up his information while I shifted from foot to foot, wringing my hands. I ran for the stairs, too full of anxious energy to wait on the elevator.
I burst into the room to find Abby lying in Dutch’s arms on the hospital bed. He looked up at me in shock.
“Marina!” he cried, his voice hoarse. Abby’s head snapped up. Her swollen eyes took me in and she jumped up, sobbing as she ran over to wrap her arms around me. She started crying too hard to talk.
“It’s alright,” I said soothingly, patting her back. “I’m back.”
“But …but ... Ethan said—”
I cut her off, “Where is he?” 
She tried to catch her breath. “I d-don’t know. He must have gone home...” She drew back to look at my face, staring at me like she couldn’t believe I was really there. “What happened? How did you get here?”
I kissed her on both cheeks and smiled. “Aunt Abby, it’s a long story. There are a few things you don’t know about my mother.”
“Your dad...” she hiccupped.
I couldn’t stop smiling, happy to see the look of relief on her face, “Call dad and tell him I’m fine. Tell him I know about Adria, and that it’s okay ... I’m okay. I need to go find Ethan now.” I turned to leave.
“Marina,” Dutch called, struggling to sit up. I went to his side and took his outstretched hand.
“Ethan told me what you did ... how you knew ... I want to thank you. You saved my life.” He glanced over at Abby, who was still crying. “Find Ethan. I’ve never seen him so torn up.” I bent down to kiss him on both cheeks. 
“Take care of Abby,” I said, and raced out to the car.
I drove as fast as I could safely manage to get to Ethan’s apartment. Disappointed to find his truck missing from the parking lot, I sat drumming my fingers on the steering wheel, trying to imagine where he would go.
A flash of inspiration sent me out onto the freeway. I drove south, trying to remember what the exit looked like as I passed farms, fields, and cliffs that were crumbling away into the sea. Turning off the freeway, I rolled down a lonely road to the edge of the bluff. When I saw the blue truck a tremendous wave of relief washed over me. 
I was almost home.
I pulled up and parked, looking around for any sign of him. I remembered the spot where his house would be and hiked across the field towards it, breathing in the earthy smell of the freshly turned soil, noticing the sea breeze skipping lightly across waving tufts of grass. Everything seemed new to me, and I silently thanked God for giving me a fresh start.
A lonely figure was sitting at the edge of the bluff, facing out to sea. Even from a distance I knew it was him, and as I drew closer I called out his name. His head turned, and he rose to his feet as I raced up to him. He looked at me like I was a hallucination.
“Marina?” was all he could choke out before I wrapped my arms around him and kissed his sad and weary face. We fell to our knees, locked in a tight embrace, clinging to each other desperately. I kissed him harder, my hands in his hair, breathing him in like air. He pulled back and took my face in his hands, looking into my eyes.
“Are you really here?” he asked.
“I found out,” I kissed him gently. “That I can breathe underwater.”
Tears of happiness mixed on our cheeks as he kissed my eyes, face and ears.
“I love you,” he said, looking into my eyes. “Don’t ever leave me again.” I remembered how helpless he was, lying in the hospital bed. I never wanted to see him hurt again.
“I won’t … I couldn’t,” I said, and I meant it. My dad and Evie were going to have to do without me. I was finally home.
We stood up and walked along the path, still clinging to each other. We stopped to sit on a grassy spot in the bright sunshine, arms entwined. He asked how I got back, and what had happened after I was taken underwater. I started to slowly recount the whole strange experience, halting at points in amazement at my own words. The memory was already taking on a dreamlike quality, and it started to feel as though it had happened to someone else. 
Ethan listened quietly as I told him how I’d expected to die, and how strange it felt to start breathing the water into my lungs. I described the mermaid council, the black undersea chamber, and how they all glowed with their own light. I told him how I fought them as they tore at my clothes.
“It was as deep as you said.” I looked out at the sea. “They dragged me all the way down to the bottom, and had their meeting there.”
I described struggling furiously to escape their iron grip, desperate to get back to him. He kissed my wrists where the mermaids had clamped onto me.
“How could you be so brave?” he asked.
“I was thinking of you,” I smiled. “I thought about you telling me to fight them.”
“You saved my dad’s life,” he said as he pressed his lips into my cheek. “He would have died if you hadn’t have known ... if you hadn’t convinced me to go.” He drew a shuddering breath and squeezed his eyes shut. “Why did you have to go with them?”
“They wouldn’t help us if I didn’t agree to it.”
“You gave yourself up for him—you could have died.” His voice trailed off and he burrowed his face into my shoulder.
“I had to do it. For you, and for Dutch. He needed me ... And poor Abby—” I tried to explain.
His voice was muffled and his breath felt warm on my neck. “I need you.”
I rubbed his back, and turned my face to kiss his ear. “It’s over now. I’m not going anywhere.”
“How did you get away?” His arms encircled me tighter as though he thought I might disappear like a dream in the morning.
“Something else happened. I became one of them. The pain ... it was awful at first...” I cringed at the memory, and he straightened up and hugged me into his chest. I looked up at his face, wondering what his reaction would be. He didn’t seem surprised.
“Afterward, it was like a dream. Like becoming part of the ocean.” I looked out at the horizon, staring at the line where the sea meets the sky. “I started to forget that I was human, it was like being … I don’t know—a wild animal. I could understand what it was to be one of them.” I looked down. “Like my mother,” I said quietly.
He started stroking the back of my neck, whispering, “That’s what I’ve been afraid of all along. I was scared to even say it ... I knew your mother changed. I was afraid they were going to take you to replace her.”
“You were right. It was something like that,” I said.
“How did you get away? How did you change back?” he asked again.
“I thought about you, and about my family, about everything I couldn’t live without. As long as I focused on you I could fight it off.” I sighed, remembering seeing the lights of the harbor and desperately trying to cling to memories of being human. “I’d still be down there if it wasn’t for you.”
“Really?” he asked, smiling for the first time. He tipped my chin up and gave me a lingering kiss that made my toes curl up inside my shoes.
I thought for a minute. “I have no idea how my mom did it. She must have really loved my dad.” I looked at his face, comprehension dawning in my mind. “She must have loved him as much as I love you.” He kissed me again, and I snuggled into him.
“So they just let you go?” he asked.
“Do you remember when Lorelei said they had something for me?”
“Yeah,” he said, his face darkening.
I continued, “I gave it up, I traded it to get away. I think they were all surprised, but even though Lorelei was sad about it, she still took me home. She stayed with me while I changed back. She really helped me…”
“But why did they force you to come with them if they were willing to let you go after all?”
“They didn’t think I’d be able to resist. They thought that once I swam with them I’d never want to leave. They thought I’d be too afraid of the pain to change back. But it’s over now. I don’t think they’ll bother me anymore.”
“Was that it?” he asked, “Is that what you gave up … being one of them?”
“Yes, but it’s more like what I promised to give them, what my mother gave up.” I remembered what Naida said, “How long a time is fifty moons?”
“What?” he asked, confused.
“They wouldn’t take it back right away, they want me to take some time to decide. I guess counting moons is how they tell time. After that, I can’t change my mind ... or change back.” I shuddered, and a chill ran down my spine, thankfully stopping at my legs.
“Change your mind about what?” he asked, lacing his fingers tightly through mine.
I looked out across the water again. “Immortality. They never get old. They never die.”
He let out a long hard breath. “You could live forever?” 
“As a mermaid,” I said with a sour face.
He looked down, shaking his head in disbelief. “Yeah, but still…”
I kissed his ear and whispered, “I’d rather be here with you, right now, than down there forever.”
He was quiet for a moment. “That gives you a little over four years to decide for sure,” he said with worried eyes.
I reached up to lay my hand on his cheek. “I’ve already decided. I don’t want to go back down there ever again.”
He took me in his arms and laid me down on the grass. I rested my head on his shoulder, perfectly content.
His voice rumbled in my ear. “I haven’t been able to get you out of my head from the first minute I saw you. All I’ve been able to think about for months is how to be around you … and how to get you to stay. I love you Marina. I love you more than I can say.” 
I burrowed my face in his neck, thinking that I didn’t know it was possible to feel so happy.
He went on, “I should have told you yesterday. I wanted to, but I chickened out.”
I smiled, remembering him in the morning.
“I thought you were gone forever,” he continued, stroking my hair. “I thought I’d never get the chance to tell you how much I love you.” 
I turned my face up to kiss his jaw. “I love you too.” It felt so good to say it out loud that I shuddered with joy. He held me close, and it warmed me all the way through.
“So you can see the future,” he mused. 
“Only randomly, and in quick flashes, like snapshots.”
“How can that be?” he wondered out loud.
I thought for a minute. “Must be a mermaid thing.” 
We both sighed.
~
We lay there quietly for a long time. We both knew we had to get up eventually. We were going to have to get back to work, back to school, and back to living our everyday lives. At this perfect moment we simply embraced, lying on the grass and listening to each other breathe with the ocean at our feet. 

All we needed was to be together, earth and water in perfect harmony.


~

-THE END-

~



Dear Reader, 

Thank you for finishing the first installment of Marina’s Tales! Reader reviews are hugely important for discoverability, so if you enjoyed the story, please consider leaving a few words on the book’s retail page. I would truly love to hear any & all of your feedback.

Thank you!
Derrolyn 



Are you ready for the rest of Marina’s story?

Unfortunately, the course of true love never did run smoothly, and just when things seem to be all figured out, Marina discovers that there's a lot more going on behind the scenes than she ever imagined. 

After a terrible accident exposes her secret Marina discovers that her whole life has been one big lie. To top it all off she has to cope with heartbreak and betrayal. 

When a dangerous enemy arrives on the scene, Marina’s bravery is put to the test and she’s forced her to use all of her newfound talents to protect her growing family. 

Will good win out over evil? Can love triumph over jealousy? 

Find out in book #2 of the Marina’s Tales series.


The Moon And The Tide
~
EXCERPT :

The noise picked up again as the helicopter departed, leaving an eerie silence in its wake. Now I was completely alone, stranded in the vast blue Aegean. I swam around aimlessly for a while, circling the small island over and over. The euphoria I’d experienced swimming as a mermaid wasn’t nearly as strong this time—everything I felt was overshadowed by an intense loneliness that was a great crushing pain in my heart. 
I wanted Ethan and my father, and I was having a difficult time thinking straight. Evie would know what to do, I remembered. Finally exhausted, I curled up on a bed of seagrass and sobbed myself to sleep. 
When I woke up it was pitch black, and I held my glowing hands before my eyes in wonder, examining the fine mesh of webbing that had grown between my fingers. I felt better after my sleep, and I stretched out my spine, amazed by the way my backbone ran all the way down to the tip of my tail.
Working hard to think rationally, I began circling the island again to look for a suitable spot to transform and come ashore. I would be naked, alone, and on an unknown island where I didn’t speak the language. Maybe I could say I fell off a boat or something—all I could remember was that I had to get to a phone and contact Evie. 
The sky was rosy with dawn when I finally decided to come ashore at a small cove that had a rocky path leading up to a little whitewashed house. I was swimming back and forth, building up to it when I remembered the attack at the point and was suddenly terrified. I submerged and circled the island once more while I worked up my courage.
“Sister! Where did you come from?”
Every hair on my head stood up as I turned toward the first voice I’d heard since my father’s. I hovered in the water in shock for a moment, beholding one of the most astounding sights of my entire life. 
It was another mermaid, smiling in surprise with wide innocent eyes that were a familiar shade of light icy blue.
She looked exactly like Evie.


Marina’s story continues in
The Moon And The Tide
Marina’s Tales #2

Sample more of the book at all major e-book retailers.




The cement ship in Aptos, circa 2011



After a violent storm in 2017 the ship is no longer accessible.
To humans, that is ;) 


The ship’s asphalt deck – Now taken over by seabirds.


Dangerous currents under the pier.
 
Basking sea lions.


The roller coaster in Santa Cruz.

Made of wood!

The secret stairs.


Visit me on  GOODREADS
and  INSTAGRAM


Other series by Derrolyn Anderson:

Marina’s Tales Series
 
#1 Between The Land And The Sea
#2 The Moon And The Tide
#3 The Fate Of The Muse
#4 The Turning Tides

The Athena Effect Series

#1 The Athena Effect
#2 The Mackenzie Legacy
#3 The Caledonian Inheritance
#4 The Redcastle Redemption 

