
Bob, the Invisible Dragon

by David J. Wighton

Book #6 in the Wilizy Series

Smashwords Edition
Copyright 2015, David J. Wighton

This e-book is licensed for your personal enjoyment only. This e-book may not be re-sold or given away to other people. If you would like to share this book with another person, please purchase an additional copy for each recipient. If you’re reading this book and did not purchase it, or it was not purchased for your use only, then please return to your favorite retailer and purchase your own copy. 
Although this e-book might be sold at no cost to the reader at times, I retain ownership of the copyright and may elect to charge a small amount for its purchase at times. 
Acknowledgements

This book is dedicated to my wife, Dale, and to my other family members whose support made it possible. 

Cover design by Rita Toews at WordPress.com

Editing assistance from Michelle Scoville who sees typos that mere mortals would never find unaided.

Parent Advisory

Sexual predators and the impact they have on their victims is a theme that winds throughout this novel. My focus in the story is on the impact on the victims – whether they are male or female, child or adult, an individual or a family. I have described the actual act that produces that impact in very vague terms – enough for the reader to understand what has happened but without getting into the details. However the impact that innocents can experience is fully described and some readers may be impacted by what they read. I hope that seeing how fictional characters deal with the impact of sexual predation will be a positive, constructive learning experience for youth readers. 

Chapter 7 has the most intense descriptions of this impact. Parents may want to read the part where Dreamer talks about the worst time she had with her father and how she reacted. This description comes near the end of the chapter. 

Since much of this book's plot line revolves around members of the Wilizy family encountering sexual predation, this topic does surface throughout the book. However there are other plot lines that will keep the overall story light and entertaining. 
Wilizy Family Members as of September 2084

• 	Doc and Granny (about 73 years old). 
• 	Hank (about 43) and Yolanda (about 39).
• 	Wolf (19) and Mac (19). 
• 	TG (19), Yollie (18), Liset (3), and Yo-Yo (9 months).
• 	William (18) and Melissa (18). (Previously known as Will and Izzy.)
• 	Wizard (16) and Lucas (almost 13).
•	Theo (almost 12), Mathias (almost 11), Reese (almost 10). 
• 	Winnie (8), Patella (2), and Scapula (3 months). 

• 	Stu McKenzie (44), Manager of the WZBN. 
• 	Momaka (40), Manager of Agricultural Development.

Also
•	General Jock MacLatchie (49), Mac's father. 
• 	Dreamer (14), Wanda, Dreamer's nonny (54), and Wescott (Double-Tom), Dreamer's father. 
 
This page is to help you if you get confused about who is who in the story. If that happens, just click your way back to the Table of Contents and scroll back one page. 

Table of Contents

Chapter 1
Chapter 2
Chapter 3
Chapter 4 
Chapter 5 
Chapter 6 
Chapter 7
Chapter 8
Chapter 9
Chapter 10 
Chapter 11 
Chapter 12 
Chapter 13 
Chapter 14 
Chapter 15 
Chapter 16 
Chapter 17 
Chapter 18 
Chapter 19 
Chapter 20 
Chapter 21 
Chapter 22 
Chapter 23 
Chapter 24 
Chapter 25 
Chapter 26 
Chapter 27 
Chapter 28 
Chapter 29 
Chapter 30
Chapter 31
Chapter 32
Chapter 33
Chapter 34
Books in the Wilizy Series
About the Author: David J. Wighton
Chapter 1

It was early evening on Friday, September 4, 2084 – several days after the Clearwater band members had celebrated the second anniversary of Assassination Day. They had held a community dance in front of their sawmill and then, shortly before 11 p.m., the entire tribe had moved onto the flats next to the North Thompson River and had watched the replay of Will and Izzy's romantic kiss under the stream of multi-hued fireworks. The event was even more moving now – seeing as how Will and Izzy had been assassinated by Zzyk and his exploding copter.
But that celebration had been three days ago. Wanda, the Clearwater band chief, was in her compact kitchen trying to handle a delicate band matter. The scruffy guest who had slipped uninvited into her kitchen while Wanda’s hands were immersed in soapy water was not helping. He was the delicate band matter. 
Wizard and Dreamer were upstairs in Dreamer's bedroom. As was now part of their regular routine, Wizard would come to Clearwater on Friday afternoon to discuss sawmill business with Dreamer. He'd stay for dinner and then he and Dreamer would disappear upstairs to her bedroom. Wanda, Dreamer's nonny, would hear Dreamer lock her bedroom door, but this barely registered in her conscious thoughts. Dreamer always locked her bedroom door. Since Dreamer and Wizard had prepared the meal, Wanda would clean up afterwards while singing little ditties to herself. These were songs that she remembered from her childhood, songs that brought back happy memories in spite of her family's poverty. With the Clearwater tribe’s sawmill business steadily growing more prosperous, life was good now. Later in the evening, since it was too dark to copter home safely, Wizard would sleep over. 
Dreamer's bedroom was on the second floor, directly above the kitchen, and every so often, Wanda would hear the soft murmur of their voices. She'd also hear faint footsteps, but not too many of those since both Dreamer and Wizard moved around the bedroom in their bare feet. The sound that did resonate clearly into the kitchen was the rhythmic squeaking of the ancient bedsprings. She'd hear this twice every Friday evening. The first time would be about now. Wanda looked at the oval green clock above the kitchen counter. Right on schedule. The frequency of the squeaks began to increase. Wanda didn't mind. Her guest did. 
Wanda had told her guest that Dreamer had a boyfriend, but had said nothing more. It wasn't any of his gol'darned business. Apparently her guest thought otherwise, because he exploded out of the wooden kitchen chair that he had been angrily occupying and bounded up the stairs two at a time. Wanda looked quickly around her kitchen, grabbed the handle of the heavy cast-iron frying pan that was lying half-on and half-off one of the stove’s elements, and followed at a run three paces behind her guest. The frying pan left a trail of cooked brown hamburger crumblets behind her as Clearwater's best cleanup batter ever charged to Dreamer's rescue.
The wiry man with the black ink tattoos covering his arms tried Dreamer’s doorknob first. Then he stepped back and kicked the door open, splintering the wood around the lock in the process. He was two paces inside the bedroom and poised for action when Wanda arrived. Short but powerful, Wanda was well-known within all of the little communities that made up the North Thompson Softball Association. At fourteen, she had been brought up to play on Clearwater’s men's team! Opposing male crybabies had complained that Wanda’s batting success against their star chuckers had been solely because she presented an unfairly small strike zone. Clearwater supporters countered with her decades of success driving the ball over the fence from either side of the plate. Wanda herself said nothing, but let her bat and her strong arm from behind the plate do the talking for her. Still semi-active in her 50s, she’d wait for the game to be on the line, or for the men on the other side of the diamond to become obnoxiously overconfident, before grabbing her favorite bat and driving the ball out of the park. She enjoyed beating men at what they thought was their game and planned to remain active in the sport for many more years. 
Wanda’s cast iron frying pan struck the angry man on the shoulder and caused him to stagger onto his knees before he could see what was happening on the bed. It was, at best, a five second distraction. The man with the short black Mohawk-cut was too intent on what was happening in Dreamer's bedroom to be stopped so easily. But at least the blow from the frying pan had allowed Wanda to slip in between her unwelcome guest and the bed that had abruptly become squeak-free. She pulled the frying pan back for a second swing. The intruder was on his knees and she had his entire face for batting practice. By now, the astute reader will have observed that a certain degree of – let’s call it animosity – existed between Wanda and the man who had just kicked his way into her granddaughter's locked bedroom. 
Wanda didn't have to look at the bed to know what Dreamer and Wizard had been doing. She had actively encouraged them. Strenuous exercise was healthy for growing teenagers. “Leave now or you’ll be drinking your food through a straw for the rest of your miserable life,” she warned the man on his knees in front of her.
For his part, the intruder had acted out of anger. Dreamer was up in her bedroom and some slimy, pimply-faced teenager was having sex with her. It was his duty to protect her. “Get your filthy hands off my daughter,” the man yelled at the still unseen sex fiend while preparing to simultaneously grab Wanda’s wrist and rise to his feet. Dreamer’s father had acted instinctively. But his anger was now replaced by a different instinct – one that had been buried the whole time he had been in prison. Dreamer would be naked on that bed. He remembered very clearly the last time he had caught his young daughter without any clothes on. 

Back to the Table of Contents
Chapter 2

The explosive crack of the bedroom door flying open had frozen the athletic activities in the bedroom, but only for a few seconds. Dreamer was the first to react. She screeched, sprang off the bed, fled into the nearest corner of the bedroom, scrunched down to the floor, covered herself up with her hands and arms as best as she could, and began yelling over and over and over at the top of her lungs, "Get out of my bedroom!" She needn't have worried about trying to hide her naked body from her father's leer. In her panic, she had forgotten that she was fully clothed. 
Wizard, for his part, was frozen on the bed after this hostile, scary man had blown through the door. Dreamer had been lying on her back. Wizard had been lying beside her, also on his back. The detonating door had caught them in the middle of a race to see who could do the most stomach crunches in two minutes. They did this twice a night to clear their minds. Then they'd return to Dreamer's business management bot. 
Wanda saw Dreamer huddled into the corner, trying to cover herself, and knew instantly what must have happened at some point in her childhood. She flung the frying pan to the floor and, without knowing how it got out of the sheath on her belt, Wanda found her all-purpose knife in her right hand. By the time the frying pan had stopped wibble-wobbling on the floor, the point of Wanda's knife was sticking a millimeter into the vulnerable soft spot immediately under her visitor’s black-stubbled chin. He might have been bigger than Wanda, but Wanda was powerful and she had the cold fury of a grandmother protecting her granddaughter. "Look at me, Wescott" she demanded.
Wescott's eyes stayed on his daughter who continued to screech wildly on the floor of her bedroom. Out of the corner of her eye, Wanda saw Wizard rolling off the bed. "Don't touch her, Wizard," she yelled. "Look at me, Wescott," she demanded again. When he didn't, she pulled the knife away from his chin and slashed at the right side of his head, in the process catching a piece of Wescott's scalp and shortening the top of his ear as well. "Look at me, Wescott!"
Wescott put his hand up to his bleeding ear and shifted his glance. Even in the din of Dreamer's screams, he could hear clearly what Wanda said. 
"The judge in Kamloops ruled when you were in prison. I am Dreamer's legal guardian now. You aren't. For all of the reasons I told you downstairs, you are banned from Clearwater. I will tell the band council what happened tonight and what effect your presence just had on Dreamer. The Council will decide what to do. I can tell you this. If I ever find you on tribal land again, I will personally apply tribal justice for what you did to her. Nod if you understand."
Wescott nodded but glared at Wanda. Many bigger, more formidable men had seen that glare and had looked away. Wanda was a woman defending her granddaughter. She didn't look away. "If you come on tribal land again, you'll lose more than the tip of an ear." 
# # # # # # # #
The slam of the front door brought no relief from Dreamer's ear-piercing shrieks. Wanda had no experience dealing with this kind of situation, but she had her own basic instincts to guide her. 
"Wizard, you can't be here right now. Even your voice could upset her. Go downstairs and stay there. I know your grandmother could arrive here quickly, right? I'm a friend. Be honest."
Wiz nodded.
"Could you ask her to come? I need a chief-to-chief discussion. Quickly please."
Once Wizard was out of sight and hearing, Wanda grabbed the heavy quilt off the bed, approached Dreamer and held it out open. Something to cover herself with. In Dreamer's mind, she was naked.
Dreamer seized the quilt and wrapped herself in it. Wanda knelt on the floor next to Dreamer, enfolded her in an embrace, and began talking. "He's gone. You're safe. This will never happen again." Soothing words, over and over. 
In time, Dreamer's shrieks turned into wails, then into sobs. Her body turned from rigid steel to floppy rubber. Wanda was able to lift her onto the side of the bed and soothe her with strokes on her hair. The sobs ended in time, and then a murmur. Repeated. Wanda had to put her ear next to Dreamer's lips to hear what she wanted. "He's downstairs. I'll take you to him.”
# # # # # # # #
Dreamer was settled on the sofa, still wrapped in her quilt, when Wanda heard the footsteps on her porch. Wizard was sitting beside Dreamer, holding her right hand, his face still bloodless. As Wanda left to answer the double-tap on the door, she glanced at the kitchen clock. It had seemed like an eternity, but barely ten minutes had passed since Dreamer’s dad had left. Wanda wasn't particularly surprised by how quickly Wizard's Granny had completed what should have been an hour long copter trip. As she opened the door, Wanda saw Dreamer take Wizard's arm and put it around her shoulder. Then Dreamer squeezed her head under Wizard's chin, slid both her arms around his waist, and snuggled in. 
Wanda took three Wilizy women into the kitchen and began telling them what had just happened in Dreamer's bedroom. 

 Back to the Table of Contents
Chapter 3

While Wanda is talking with Granny, I should interrupt the story to tell you what happened after I released the fifth book in the Wilizy adventures – the one in which Will and Izzy died in that helicopter explosion. Bear with me. Wanda and Granny are having a long conversation, but you already know what they're discussing. 
After Teenage Mutant Ninja Torpedoes hit the Internet, I became the target of a sewer of abusive comments. Not because Will and Izzy had died. Even now, over eighty years after their deaths, anybody interested enough in the Wilizy legend to read my books not only knew the day that they were going to die, but they knew the time, place and cause as well. Their outrage was because I had revealed that Will and Izzy had survived the giant copter's explosion. 
I was more than a little confused. My readers hadn't shown any hesitation in believing that Will had invented a sling that could fly at supersonic speeds. They also took for granted that the Wilizy family members could make themselves invisible and send mind-messages to each other. They accepted those fantastical ideas because those inventions explained how a small group of amateur warriors could defeat Zzyk's forces as well as demolish The Citadel's navy, air force, and fortress. 
Yet the public couldn't believe that two very smart people like Will and Izzy could have predicted that Zzyk would try to blow them up. After all, Will and Izzy knew that Zzyk had installed electronic devices in the Wilizy copters that sent information to Zzyk and only to Zzyk. Plus they knew that Zzyk liked to walk around his lab making sounds of explosions, after which he would snigger with enjoyment. How could Will and Izzy not have known a bomb was inside those tracking devices?
 Even more confusing to me was the venom the readers spat my way when I said that Will and Izzy had managed to live secretly in another part of the world after they had died. If Will and Izzy had been their heroes, should they not have been overjoyed? Or at least mildly pleased? Instead, I was brought involuntarily to a tribunal where my words in Teenage Mutant Ninja Torpedoes would be challenged. When I saw the people arrayed against me, I understood. They were lawyers. For the ultra rich. They were protecting their investments.
You see, back when the Albertan economy was starting to emerge, Wizard had developed a unique currency: a personally autographed scarf with Will and Izzy's picture imprinted on it. At the outset, these scarves had been worth about two klabooies each. The value of a signed scarf gradually rose as tourist traffic into Alberta increased. But when Will and Izzy died, the value of Wiz's currency exploded. No more supply. Lots of demand. Over the decades that followed, each currency scarf that Will and Izzy had ever signed was located and authenticated. Since then, those scarves have continued to trade, rising in value each and every time they have changed hands. Now, so many years afterwards, all of those precious scarves have ended up in the grasping hands – make that in the burgeoning vaults – of the ultra rich. 
For some of the ultra rich, their ownership of a single signed scarf had provided the beginning credit that was used to build their vast fortunes. Now I, the obscure narrator of the Wilizy series, was claiming that Will and Izzy had survived the copter's explosion. That meant that Will and Izzy could have continued to sign scarves for decades and boxes of them could be stored away somewhere. If only a few of those scarves were released into general circulation in their pristine condition, the value of the current scarves would plummet. Who'd want a soiled scarf with a barely visible image when you could acquire a signed scarf that had been never used? In fact, the last people to touch those hidden scarves were probably Will and Izzy! In the face of that possibility, the local stock markets took a big hit on the fear that the treasures of the ultra rich would be compromised. And then their lawyers dug in their claws. Since there was no other handy target, they dug their claws into me.
I listened as calmly as I could to their accusations in the public tribunal where I had been brought in shackles to defend myself. These included: 
•	"I was a hack writer trying to cash in on my tenuous association with historic figures."
•	"I was a fraudster attempting to deceive the public with lies and innuendo solely to sell a few books." 
• 	"I had slandered two historic icons of our society through misrepresentation. Will and Izzy had died and yet I, a charlatan of the highest order, was trying to cash in on a lie that they hadn't died but had actually lived a secret and undiscovered life."
To the accusations of misrepresentation and falsifying history, I put my attacker into the witness booth and asked, "Under what category of book has the Wilizy series of novels been released?"
"Science fiction," the attacker replied.
"Can the characters in the book assume invisibility?"
"Yes."
"Would you agree that this is impossible?"
"Yes, it's impossible."
"Same for time travel?"
"Yes, that's impossible."
"So if characters in a book could make themselves invisible and fly through time – would those be real people or fictional characters?"
"Fictional characters."
"Sorry, I couldn't hear that first word."
"Fictional."
"So you're saying that the novels in the Wilizy series are fictional. Thank you. You may step down."
 # # # # # # # #
To the accusations that I was defrauding the public for my own gain, I put my attacker into the witness booth and asked, "Please tell me the price of the books in the Wilizy series."
"They're free."
"So how many klabooies would it take for you to acquire a copy of a novel in this series?"
"None."
"Since you're saying that the novels in the Wilizy series cost readers absolutely nothing, that means purchasers have no money to lose when they acquire a copy. If there's no financial loss, there can be no fraud. Thank you. You may step down."
 # # # # # # # #
To the accusation that I was a hack writer, I merely handed the prosecuting attorney the list of books and articles that I have published during my forty year career as a Doctor of the History of Environmental Recovery at the University of Calgary and asked him to read it to the court. At the ten minute mark, the judge stopped the recital and I didn't hear any references to me being a hack writer again.
 # # # # # # # #
To the accusation that I had a tenuous association with historic figures, I pointed out that the link was hardly tenuous. My last name was Wilizy, after all. And my position within the family was well known. I put that attacker in the witness box as well. "What makes you think that I'm the narrator of this series?" 
“Everybody knows.”
“So because everybody thinks they know something, that makes it true?”
“It’s true because everybody knows that it’s true.”
"How would everybody know? I've read those books. Apart from the narrator being an old woman, there's no indication who she is."
"Wrong," my attacker objected emphatically. "The narrator says that she remembers her first Assassination Day celebration having a silhouette of a moon against a dark mountain background. There was no moon or mountain in the WZBN video clip. That scene must have been at the Wilizy compound. The narrator had to be an original Wilizy. You're the only original Wilizy still alive. It has to be you who wrote those lies."
Well, I wasn't going to open up the possibility that other original Wilizy might still be alive. Instead, I asked: "So the part of the book where the narrator talks about the Wilizy celebrating Assassination Day – that part is true and that makes me the narrator?"
"Yes," my attacker agreed triumphantly. 
"And the other parts of the book where the characters are invisible and send each other mind-messages? Those must be true too. As would be the time-travel later in the series? I thought those were impossible."
"They are."
I just stared at him. I had learned this trick from Melissa. The audience in the court began to titter. Titters led to snickers. I decided to put him out of his misery.
"What is it, then? Are the books in the series science fiction? Or is the narrator of the series, whoever she may be, the narrator of a series based on fact, and time travel exists, and so does invisibility."
"The series is fiction," he conceded.
"Which means that the narrator has to be too. Am I free to go, Judge?"
"Case dismissed."
 # # # # # # # #
As I emerged from the courtroom, there was an incident. In time, I was transported in secret to the original Wilizy compound where I am, at present, living safely behind impenetrable electronic walls. In that safety, I now declare as follows: I, Liset Wilizy, am the narrator and the author of the Wilizy series of books. Everything that I have said is the truth. It all happened as I’ve described it. Even though I was not yet three years old at the time, I clearly remember that first Assassination Day celebration in the Wilizy valley – the valley that would have a glowing silhouette of a moon showing up against a dark mountain background on certain nights. In the years immediately after that celebration, I remember my Auntie Mac throwing me onto her shoulders and playing horsey with me. I remember riding Patella through the woods. I remember seeing Melissa's twins right after they were born. They were hard to forget. As was flying into space in a submarine and seeing the Earth floating in the sky. 
Some members of the Wilizy had special powers; I don't. Some members of the Wilizy had exceptional skills. My dad had his knowledge of computers; Wizard had his skill with business. My skill, if I have one, is my memory. I had to rely on Will and Izzy's journals for the first books in the Wilizy series. But after that, I was living the adventure and I was old enough to remember everything that happened. 
The Wilizy books that follow Teenage Mutant Ninja Torpedoes will be based on my personal memories of what happened. Everything that I will write in this book, and in the books that follow, will be the truth. You can believe what I write or not. That's up to you. It is, after all, a science fiction series. The ultra-rich in our society can also believe what they choose to. For example, if they believe that I'm a threat to them and if they try again to kill me, there may indeed be crates of signed Will and Izzy scarves sitting in the deepest cave in the mountain behind Hank and Yolanda's compound. That would be the compound that nobody other than the Wilizy has ever managed to enter. But once you're inside the compound, it's very easy to leave. That means that it would be very easy for somebody to cart crates of valuable pristine scarves out of the compound at night when nobody would know. Once outside, nobody could stop that person from selling the scarves at a private auction. Here's my question for the ultra rich, their carnivore lawyers, and their hired thugs: "I may be old, but I’m still a Wilizy. Do you really want to mess with me?" 
 
 Back to the Table of Contents
Chapter 4

The reader may recall that Will and Izzy died on November 17, 2083 and for the following nine months, the Wilizy concentrated on maintaining the fiction that they were dead. But life within the Wilizy compound went on without them. I should tell you about two developments that took place in the first half of 2084 before returning you to Wanda's house. 
Work on the Wilizy gardens was completed in April of 2084. Momaka waited for all of the new flowers, bushes, and trees to be well-established before turning each city's garden over to its head gardener. She told the Wilizy directors that so long as she held periodic planning meetings with the head gardeners, she didn't see any reason why she had to remain involved in the day-to-day operations of the five gardens. 
One large section of the five Wilizy properties had not yet been developed. This was on the left side of the land as you faced the Wilizy Cloth and Dye tables. The Wilizy bowl and stage were on the left side of the property, but at the back. The undeveloped section was in front of the bowl. Hank met with Rick to tell him of the Wilizy's plans to use this space to create multi-storied buildings that could house meeting rooms, music rooms, recreational rooms, and several gyms. He told Rick that the Wilizy had a source of lumber, but a building of this size needed steel. Was Rick interested in providing steel from his border towers and becoming a partner in the construction and operation of these five buildings? By the end of the negotiations, Rick had agreed that the government would construct five steel-framed multi-storied buildings, staff them, and equip them. He'd contract separately with Clearwater for lumber. The government would also develop the land immediately around the buildings for outdoor sports. The new buildings would be known as Government of Alberta Recreation Centers. At the end of fifty years, the buildings would become Wilizy property, if the Wilizy wished that to be so.
Meanwhile Rick would phase out references to the It's Only Fair Society during 2084 and his government would refer to the former IOF simply as Alberta after that. On December 31 2084, the It's Only Fair Society would officially cease to exist. Brain-bands would remain in place for the immediate future, at least. Both Rick and Hank agreed that removing brain-band controls abruptly would not be a good idea. 
In exchange for the Wilizy donating part of their land to the Alberta government for fifty years, the government would guarantee that the Wilizy would pay no taxes on revenue that they earned from that land for the same fifty years. Afterwards, should the Wilizy wish to keep that tax-free status, they could choose to let the recreation centers remain in government hands. Hank left the meeting quite happy. The costs of developing and maintaining the recreation centers would have been high. Privately, Wizard assured his dad that Rick was going to regret giving the Wilizy Cloth and Dye stores tax-free status. 
With Momaka now freed from her daily supervision of the Wilizy gardens, Wizard asked her to look into the practicality of developing a chocolate industry somewhere in Alberta. They had not yet decided how to use the land that Rick still owed them; nor had they decided what specific parcels of land they'd take as penalty for Zzyk's sleeper agents being in B.C. either. Yolanda's chocolate trees and the Wilizy family's love of the sweet had given Wizard the idea of a chocolate industry. As Albertans came off their brain-band controls, he expected that many citizens would enjoy eating chocolate. The North Vancouver Chocoholic shop that they had visited as part of Will and Izzy's rescue from the Zeballos Prison had suffered from high prices and poor location. Wizard figured that locating a chocolate shop inside each of the Wilizy Cloth and Dye stores would give them perfect locations. Their profits would be even higher if he could commit a large amount of Albertan land into growing chocolate beans since transportation costs from farm to store would be minimal. 
Managing a project of this size meant that Momaka would have to know the Wilizy's long-term goals. Her knowledge of plants would prove invaluable, but first she had to visit countries where those plants were growing. A short-range solar copter was not going to do the trick. The Directors asked her if she'd like to remain with the Wilizy but as a manager who would sit on the Wilizy board. Momaka agreed. They gave her a conventional sling (no time-travel) and the title of Manager of Agricultural Development. She moved into Yollie and TG's former house in July 2084. 
Adding Momaka to the family had additional benefits since she was an excellent cook and was happy to help Stu prepare meals. She was also adept at martial arts and soon had Theo working out with her on a regular basis. Lucas would bang on the big boxing bag with his dad, and Theo would flip Momaka through the air. Nobody noticed that the never-separated dynamic duo of Lucas and Theo were starting to go their separate ways. They did notice that thirteen year old Lucas was getting strong and husky and would probably be the same height as his dad. Twelve year old Theo was already taller than Lucas and would be slender like his mom. 

 Back to the Table of Contents
Chapter 5

Now that I have caught you up on everything important in the Wilizy lives that happened after the war with the Alaskans, we can return to Clearwater, September 2084. Dreamer is in the living room with Wizard and Winnie. Yolanda and Granny are meeting with Wanda in the kitchen. It was a long conversation as I have told you. 
Naturally, Wanda started with the events of that evening but she also told them of the signs of Wescott’s molestation that she had missed. How Dreamer had always dressed and undressed in the dark and behind a locked door. How Dreamer had never let anybody, even her Nonny, see any bare flesh between her neck and her knees. 
While Wanda referred to Dreamer's dad as Wescott, she was the only person in the tribe who did so. Nobody else was willing to take that chance. Wescott had been his official name when he married Wanda's daughter, Frances, back in 2066. However even before that, Wescott referred to himself as Double-Tom. D-T liked to present himself to others as a tough guy who should be feared. He had named his fists Tom#1 and Tom#2 and when he needed to teach somebody a lesson, he'd warn him that he'd play tom-tom on his body until he cried for mercy. Double-Tom didn't have the size, or the courage, to pull that off. However band members willingly called him Double-Tom, or D-T, because they didn't want to be ambushed from behind in the dark. 
D-T's passion was for gambling and he and two buddies spent most of their time indulging in that pastime in Surrey. D-T earned a comfortable living by hosting private gambling parties. His buddies collected the debts that players owed if they decided to leave the party early because of D-T's questionable lucky streaks. When he had to return to Clearwater for personal safety reasons, D-T tried to promote games of chance in the nearby woods. These events came with liquid refreshments that D-T brought to the party and sold for a handsome profit. Wanda banned both the gambling and the alcohol from tribal land and the tribe backed her up. She often wondered if D-T had married her daughter in the hopes that she'd relax her rules. She didn't relax the rules and that had led to a rocky relationship with her daughter. Although D-T spent most of his time in Surrey, he was in Clearwater often enough to father a daughter in June 2070. 
Dreamer's mother died mysteriously in July of 2075 when Dreamer was five. She had decided to canoe down to Barriere, the community downriver from Clearwater, and nobody ever saw her again. Double-Tom returned from one of his gambling jaunts several weeks later, but didn't seem too upset to find himself a bachelor. Dreamer continued to live in Double-Tom's house when he was in Clearwater, but Wanda brought her into her own home whenever D-T was away on business. 
That business led to a four year stint in a Surrey prison in 2080. D-T, or one of his buddies, had been over-exuberant in collecting a gambling debt, but it never was clear who had been responsible for the vicious assault. The judge didn't care. He sentenced all three of them to prison when each of them tried to finger the others for the crime. Double-Tom had had a long history of encounters with the Surrey police, so the judge put them away for as long as he could. Wanda used that time to become Dreamer's legal guardian. D-T's appearance in her home that evening coincided with D-T's release from jail. The tattoos on his upper body were new, as was the Mohawk cut. It was the same old Wescott underneath though. 
 Yolanda sat with Wanda and Granny during their meeting, but said little. However she did pause behind Wanda whenever she went to the stove to refresh their tea. She also popped into the living room a couple of times to check on Dreamer. Again, she performed that check from immediately behind her. Winnie was kneeling on the sofa in a position that allowed her to put both of her hands on the back of Dreamer's neck. To her mother's arched eyebrow, she shook her head negatively and mind-messaged her. It's bad. Dreamer’s mind is full of images of herself screeching in panic. I can't see what’s happening around her. 
After Wanda had described the tribe's background with Wescott, the death of Dreamer's mother, and the growth in Dreamer's confidence in the last year, Granny asked Wanda if she'd be offended if she and Yolanda had a private conversation. Wanda moved into the living room and sat in a century-old rocking chair across from the sofa where Dreamer had burrowed under Wizard's chin and was sleeping. The quilt was lying on the floor now, but her legs were twitching uncontrollably. Wizard had both of his arms around her and was holding her tight into his chest. 
"I do a little healing," Winnie admitted to Wanda. "I managed to calm her down enough so she could sleep, but you can see she's very troubled. I'm going to stay with her like this for another hour or so."
Wanda nodded, her face grim.
"Are you OK?" Winnie asked Wanda, knowing full well that she wasn't.
"You focus on Dreamer, Little Gem. I'll worry about me."
 # # # # # # # #
The four Wilizy agreed, through mind-messages, that Dreamer could not continue to live in Clearwater. The safest place for her would be in the Wilizy compound where her pervert father could never molest her again. Winnie was able to verify from the terror that she saw in Dreamer's head that this had happened, but she didn't know when it had happened or how bad that molestation had been. Everybody agreed that Dreamer would recover faster in the Wilizy compound since Winnie and Doc could attend to her there. Dreamer could bunk in with Winnie – a sharing arrangement that Winnie would be happy to continue after Dreamer was better. But by bringing her to the compound, the Wilizy knew that they could not keep Dreamer from learning their secrets. She'd have to be brought fully into the family. Knowing that she had instant access to weaponry might actually help Dreamer heal. Winnie said that she had never seen anything in Dreamer's mind to suggest that she would be a threat to the Wilizy family; Yolanda confirmed that she saw nothing of concern in her own readings either. 
The mind conversation turned to Wanda. 
Granny: We can't deny her access to her granddaughter. She has to be able to visit the compound. 
Yolanda: She's a smart woman. She'll catch on fast. 
Wizard: She knew that you could travel here quickly. She already knew that we were keeping secrets from her. 
Granny: She’s a strong woman; speaks her mind; doesn't back down. 
Yolanda: Does that remind you of somebody? 
Wizard: Wanda is needed in Clearwater to keep their mill operating if Dreamer isn't here. 
Winnie: Dreamer could probably come back to Clearwater to handle the mill in time; But she shouldn't sleep here. Perhaps Wanda would be happy to learn about us and come for visits with Dreamer at the compound? 
Yolanda: I believe we're agreed. Both have to come into the family. Who else should be part of the decision? 
Granny: Hank and Doc. We can make it a directors' decision. 
 # # # # # # # #
Dreamer moved into the Wilizy compound that evening. Winnie slept beside her for three nights, one hand Velcro'd to her neck. Dreamer began to improve after that. 
On Doc's advice, the directors agreed that Wanda should be the one to counsel Dreamer and she could come to the compound to do that as often as she wished. For their part, the family would keep Dreamer safe and busy. Her interest in learning more about creating new businesses would be a good fit for them because Wizard already had more projects on the go than he could handle. 
Both Wanda and Dreamer would be given a conventional sling along with its weaponry. Wanda was the first to try the sling out. She liked it and wanted to keep it in case Double-Tom came back. For a couple of weeks, Wanda shuttled back and forth between the sawmill and the Wilizy compound. Dreamer wasn't ready to be informed about the family secrets until three weeks had passed. She too was fitted for a conventional sling and given access to weaponry. After that, Dreamer moved in permanently with Winnie and Wanda dropped by intermittently, mostly on weekends when she wasn’t needed at the mill. 
 # # # # # # # # 
Back at the satellite compound, Melissa gave birth to twins on September 23, 2084 – as predicted. What wasn't predicted, at least not by the grandparents and great-grandparents who were in attendance, was that each twin had completely different colouring. The girl had white skin and a wisp of hair that looked suspiciously red. The boy had brown skin with brown hair. The proud parents named the twins Will and Izzy – Will being the boy and Izzy being the girl in case anybody was confused by the fact that Izzy could be a male name. 
"You cloned yourselves?" Doc asked. He was the first to pick up on that possibility because he knew the theoretical odds of a brown father creating a thoroughly white daughter. 
"Yeah," William said. "We played with other genes too, but we won't know how that worked out until later." 
"Isn't it dangerous having a white, red-haired Izzy together in the same place as a brown Will?"
"Not here. Nobody here has ever heard of Will and Izzy. And later, if the twins are travelling in Alberta or B.C., we're hoping that our other genetic manipulations will take care of that." 
Readers may be curious about the submarine and what the reservation list looked like after the twins were born. Yolanda and Hank did indeed take the sub out for a test run. They took it out again a couple of days later. Granny and Doc booked it for three days straight. Doc said that he wanted to take the sub around the Earth from north polar to south polar and back again. He sure looked pleased about doing that when he returned. Granny didn't say anything about the trip, but she was seen on a number of occasions kissing the top of Doc's head and running her fingers through his hair. 
 
Back to the Table of Contents
Chapter 6

It was the first of October and Dreamer was back to normal, if clinging desperately to a Wizardian arm can be considered normal. The two of them were now a business duo, shaping Alberta's economic future during the day and inhabiting two separate bodies that were morphed together into one body during the evening. Dreamer had a unique way of holding Wizard's hand. Say that she was sitting next to Wiz and his right arm was next to her left arm. She didn't clasp hands and let the two hands rest together on one of their legs like a normal boyfriend and girlfriend would do. First, she'd put her left arm right next to Wizard's body, capture his right arm with her left arm and pin it to her own body. Then, she'd put both of her hands on his left hand. It looked like a python had captured his limb and was merely waiting for nightfall before digesting it. 
Doc told Dreamer once that she held hands like Monty-the-Python, but only he and Granny had any idea what he was talking about. Winnie became curious and looked it up. For Christmas 2084, she gave William a bot containing all of the Monty Python television show performances. But first, she watched the bot herself. The family judged this to be an even worse Christmas gift to William than Wizard's joke book that had created William the pun-ster. Every night, whenever William and Melissa were visiting, Winnie and William would take over the dinner conversation with Monty Python performances. Only they appreciated what had passed for humour in the 1970s. The rest of the family suffered in silence for as long as they could. Then, under Granny's threats of feeding them a steady diet of barely-cooked Brussels sprouts, Winnie and William agreed that henceforth, they'd keep their perverse humour to themselves. However William learned how to mind-message in silly accents but he kept the secret of how to do that to himself. That secret lasted until Winnie found a suitable lever to persuade him to reveal all or she would reveal a certain incident. After that, nobody was safe from differently-accented mind-messages from an anonymous prankster interrupting their thoughts. They were joined in their perverted humour by a most unlikely family member, but that's another story. 
 Monty-the-Python didn't appear when Dreamer and Wiz were together on a business meeting because they had a rule that there'd be no physical contact whatsoever at those times. But in the evenings, when they were relaxing in the community hall, Monty-the-Python would slither out of its hidey-hole. Sitting and listening to people singing? Monty was with them. Dreamer wouldn't sing; she didn't even want to stand with the singers and mouth the words. Wizard didn't care, so Dreamer, Wizard and Monty would listen to the songs from the sofa. Dreamer's pythonic grip probably could have withstood tsunamic forces. Wizard’s body might be torn away by forces of nature, but at the end, after the water had receded, Dreamer would still be holding onto that arm. Unattached to a body perhaps, but an arm nonetheless. 
It was virtually impossible for them to walk together when Monty-the-Python was present. So a stroll across the compound would be simply hand-in-hand. But if they were studying a bot, both of them would sit on Dreamer's bed in Winnie's room with their back against the headboard and their bare feet outstretched in front of them. They'd study the bot together with one of William's bot-sharing hook-ups. Monty was entwined between them. Winnie wasn't there. She confessed to them that she needed to read the bot on her own because there were too many big words for her to decipher and that slowed her down too much. Some might call this a lie. OK, let me revise that. Everybody who knew Winnie would call that a lie. 
Winnie could actually read the bot faster than Wiz and Dreamer since the two snake charmers frequently paused in their reading to enjoy the feel of arm flesh on arm flesh. Winnie left them alone to study because she had a cunning, sn(e)aky plan. [Sorry about that.] If she gave Wiz and Dreamer private time and space, their romance might develop faster. 
To her intense disappointment, Winnie didn't see Wiz and Dreamer do anything other than manipulate their arms and hands into the form of the snake. She was certain she'd know if there had been any other physical contact. In fact, you might say that she was obsessed about looking at their faces when she just happened to come into her bedroom unexpectedly. She saw nothing on their faces. No guilt. No signs of romantic interest. All she saw was Dreamer's obsession on keeping Wizard pythonistically close. Winnie was certain that they hadn't kissed yet. Their faces may not even have touched. Dreamer wouldn't let Wizard even put his arm around her. But they did kiss at night before they put Monty into his lair. Sort of. Dreamer would raise Wizard's hand while still pythonically-entwined, hold his hand to her face and kiss his knuckles. Wiz would return the favour, and then they'd go their separate ways. About fifteen minutes after each awoke in the morning, they'd be joined at the arm again and the day would repeat itself – at least as far as Monty-the-Python was concerned. 
Lucas, who was developing a strong interest in the body parts of the opposite gender, asked Wizard once if he ever wanted to touch the parts of Dreamer’s body that were soft and didn’t end in four fingers and a thumb. Wizard said, "No. She wouldn't like that."
"How do you know that?"
"I just know."
"Do you ever feel like just grabbing one of them?" Lucas was not yet comfortable with saying the name of the body part that he was imagining Wiz grabbing. But he did think a lot about grabbing some female soft body parts himself. Not Dreamer's of course. Just the soft body parts of any anonymous girl who would let him. Wizard reacted with disbelief to Lucas' question about putting the grab on Dreamer's aforementioned body parts and walked away. 
 Lucas' fascination with Dreamer's soft body parts, and Wizard's touching of the same, were all theoretical. Lucas was certain that she had grown them, but only because she was fourteen years old and was well into her growth spurt. But as to any evidence that they actually existed, Lucas would have to confess ignorance. Dreamer didn't reveal anything about her body to Wizard, to Lucas, or to anybody else in the compound. She wore shapeless clothes during the evenings. On business trips, she'd wear something professional looking, but figure-hiding. Dreamer had gone shopping with Nonny and had quite the selection of business clothes now. But at night, she'd wait until Winnie was in bed, with the lights off, before she changed for bed. She was still sleeping in one of Wizard's sweaters, but her body was comfortably hidden from view inside a more recent and bigger sized model now. 
Dreamer was equally reluctant to share conversations as she was to reveal any skin on her body that wasn't heavily baked by the sun. Different family members tried to strike up conversations with Dreamer, at supper for example. She'd always answer politely, briefly, and in such a quiet voice that a continued conversation wasn't feasible around a crowded dinner table. Away from the table, she had nothing to say. She'd talk back and forth with Momaka, but only about business. She'd talk with Wanda when she came to visit, but the conversation was stilted. As was their goodbye. Dreamer would instinctively freeze when Wanda put her arms around her for a hug. "Sorry," Dreamer would say. And then she'd hug her nonny properly, but briefly. 
"It's only been a month," Granny would reassure Wanda. 
"She always was quiet," Wanda would excuse her.
"Now we know why," Granny would say.
"That we do," Wanda would reply sadly. 
Nobody in the compound, not even Wizard, had ever heard Dreamer laugh. Wanda couldn't remember the last time she had heard her laugh either. "She always was kind of serious," she said. 
Momaka had bad news for Wizard. Growing chocolate in Alberta was impossible because it needed a humid environment with regular rains. Plus harvesting the crop and then producing chocolate was time-consuming and labour-intensive. However, the region of the world where Momaka had looked was experiencing a surplus of chocolate product and insufficient demand. Wizard could probably lock up a large amount of manufactured chocolate for a very low price. He and Dreamer could check things out for themselves after the Wilizy's upcoming excursion to China. Malaysia and Indonesia, two chocolate-producing powerhouses, were within easy flying distance. 
On another business matter, Rick was putting pressure on Wizard to decide which Alberta land the Wilizy would select as the penalty for Zzyk's sleepers living uninvited in B.C. (Hank had put Rick and Wizard in regular email contact; there was no reason for him to serve as an intermediary any longer.) But so many things depended on William's plans that Wizard couldn't decide which land parcel to take until William gave him the go-ahead. But at least he could explore the possibilities of importing chocolate from Asia. Wizard told Melissa that he and Dreamer would like to visit Malaysia and Indonesia if she could build that into her plans for the China excursion. 
With Melissa, the Wilizy's battle strategist, being the one to plan a family excursion to China, one might think that a battle of some sort was imminent. Plus I can tell the reader that Mac and Melissa had long meetings where figurine armies were moved around a giant map. And Yollie had folded over a corner of the page in Yo-Yo's nursery rhyme book proclaiming that Old King Cole was a merry old soul, and a merry old soul was he. Directors were checking in with Mac daily to see if there were any signs of an impending birth; they also checked in with William for updates on Asian weather systems. Something was decidedly up. 

Back to the Table of Contents
Chapter 7

As October became mid-October, Melissa's battle plan and Yollie's name for it were shared with the family. Old King Coal would require all three sailing ships. Granny and Doc were unavailable for the battle as they'd be staying with Mac and Wolf during the birth of their first child. Yollie had to stay home too. Yo-Yo was far too curious to be left unattended in a ship that was going into battle. Everybody else was assigned to a battle position on one of the three ships that were currently flying towards China. They were using the voyage as a training exercise since, with the need to provide crews for three ships, many of the family would be assigned to unfamiliar positions. 
# # # # # # # #
On the Wilizy/Europe, Hank was captain with Stu on the sensors. Mathias would also help with the sensors but he would become a sling warrior if needed. TG would manage the ship's weapons. Liset's job was to puppy-sit Scapula; Scapula's job was to babysit Liset. That meant that the two never went anywhere in the ship without both of them looking at the other and wondering what kind of trouble she was going to get into. 
The Wilizy/Asia was captained by Lucas with Momaka on the sensors. Theo was also on the sensors, but he could be called on for sling warrior duty as well. William was in charge of the ship's weaponry. 
The Wilizy/America was serving as the Battle Command Center with Yolanda captaining the ship. Melissa was Battle Commander for the entire task force and served also as milk hydrants for tiny Will and Izzy. On the communications network were Wizard (systems net) and Dreamer (individual net). Operating the sensors were Reese and Winnie. If a sling warrior were needed, Patella would fill that need and Winnie would be in the air with her as her controller. If the Wilizy/America were needed as a battleship, the ship was capable of providing weapons support. In that situation, William would transfer over to the command ship to handle the weapons, Theo would captain the Wilizy/Asia, and Lucas would handle that ship's attacks. 
The observant reader will have noticed some surprising assignments. First – Dreamer on the communications network? Really? That became possible because Granny had had a little chat with Dreamer when the assignments were being considered. If Dreamer could handle a communications job, Granny could be with Mac to help her with the birth of her baby and that was where Granny was needed the most. 
"We have two assignments to fill," Granny had informed Dreamer. "You could be Mac's mid-wife. This will require you to stay with Mac throughout the birthing process, determine when the baby was ready to be born, help the baby make its grand entrance, and wash the baby afterwards. Babies do not come into life freshly bathed and perfumed. You'll also have to cut the umbilical cord and make sure the baby is breathing. Or, you can take a position on the communications network where you'll talk to individual Warriors during the battle. You'll be on the same ship as Wizard. Which job would you like?"
No surprise on what Dreamer picked. Granny hadn't mentioned that Doc would be at the births too and could serve as a midwife. But Mac had confessed that she was more comfortable with Granny in the birthing room. Doc could attend in an emergency. Mac said that it would be Wolf who would need emergency help, not her. Wolf agreed.
Granny put herself in charge of getting Dreamer ready for her new assignment. Naturally, the reader will appreciate how gently Granny tiptoed into that role. 
 "Dreamer, if you're going to be on the communications net, you can't mumble or whisper. I know that you speak in a normal voice when you're doing business. This battle will be a situation where the Wilizy will require a business voice. If you start whispering at people, that could jeopardize their lives. Got that?"
"Yes," Dreamer mumbled.
"I can't hear you."
"Yes," Dreamer said firmly.
"We'll give you some training before we leave. If you pass, you can come with us; if you can't do the job, you'll stay home and babysit Scapula and Liset. Got that?"
"Yes, Dreamer said."
"Here's your training assignment. At the dinner table, you will speak in your business voice to anybody who asks you a question; you will open up discussions with people across the table from you. You will speak loudly enough for everybody to hear you. Got that?"
"Yes," Dreamer said.
"We want you to come with us on Old King Coal. We think you can do the job. We're going to help you learn the job. But the risk will be too high if you mumble. No more mumbling from now on. No place! No time! Got that?"
"You remind me of my nonny," Dreamer said in her business voice. 
The reader may be wondering what assistance the Wilizy would provide her. When Dreamer fell into her mumbling habit at the dinner table, as she did occasionally, the family as a whole, and at exactly the same time, would raise a hand to their ear, and ask, "Eh?" Granny would say, "Got'cha" and Dreamer would have to run around the table slapping everybody's hand as she passed. For those of you who may not know this, Eh is a Canadian sound that serves multiple purposes. In this case, it is equivalent to somebody saying, "What did you just mumble?"
You may also be wondering about Patella's assignment as a sling warrior. The reader may recall that Winnie had trained Patella to fly her own sling. Now, in addition to contorting herself into barrel rolls in the sky, Patella could attack an enemy at supersonic speed. For her, attacking was equivalent to chasing down prey in the forest. Winnie and William had created a sling weapon that was the equivalent to a wolf's killing bite. When Patella was in her sling and went to grab a pretend prey in her teeth, the sling would fire a broad laser beam that had the power to take out whatever Patella was trying to chew on, be it a machine of some kind or a human. Winnie had to be in the area for this to work. She'd tell Patella what the target was and then monitor the area for secondary threats. 
# # # # # # # #
The crew's training was not restricted to practicing their battle attacks. In the command ship, Melissa had observed that she had created a certain amount of distraction when she started to feed the twins while she was sitting in the command chair. With both hands and arms occupied in keeping the twins in position, she hadn't been able to cover herself up. Melissa waited until the day's training was over and the crew was relaxing. Baby Izzy was showing signs of becoming hungry, so she picked her up, and asked Wizard to come with her. "Dreamer, you can come too if you want." The invitation was solely an afterthought; she had intended to talk only to Wizard. 
Melissa sat in the command room's battle chair where she had fed the twins, opened her blouse, and placed Izzy on her knee. "Wizard, look at me." This invitation was necessary because Wizard had immediately turned around and appeared to be searching the far opposite corner of the room for spider webs.
Wizard did as he was told, but kept his eyes squarely on Izzy's forehead, the result of some sort of gravitational pull from a strand of red hair that was stranded there. (Narrator: Pun intended. Sorry about that, I couldn't resist.) 
"Look lower, Wiz. Lower. Lower. Stop. What you're looking at are milk delivery systems that are currently active. At least, that's how William refers to them. I think of them as milk hydrants. That's because they're heavy and I am forced to carry them around on my chest wherever I go. My back hurts constantly; my shoulders spasm at times. With two babies feeding on them several times a day, they have to make enough milk to feed both of them. That's a lot of milk and that's why the hydrants are so big. They're hard right now because they're full and I'm waiting in some discomfort for the next feeding. If the babies aren't hungry at the right time, my hydrants are going to become even harder and they're going to hurt even more. When one of the babies chomps too hard, as one of them usually does, that also hurts me. What you're looking at are not sexual objects. These are big, clunky milk hydrants!"
Wiz swallowed. He knew that he had been caught trying to sneak a peek.
"Wiz, you've probably never seen a girl with her top off, so you're bound to be curious. You can stay here as long as you want and look." Melissa waited. 
Wiz fidgeted, but looked, and eventually turned his head away. 
"Wiz, I can't have you becoming distracted if we're in a battle and I have to feed the babies. The babies won't wait until the battle is over. They will scream until they're fed. I'll have to take my top off to do that at the same time as I'm commanding the battle. Will you be able to concentrate on your job now?"
Wizard nodded. 
Izzy started fussing.
"I'll have to start feeding Izzy soon. Did you want to watch? You can, you know. But not when we're in a battle."
Wizard shook his head No. 
"You want to get out of this room, don't you?"
Wizard nodded his head.
"When you see me taking off my top in the ship, Wizard, just think of me as opening the valve to some very ugly, heavy, milk hydrants. There is nothing sexy about milk hydrants. OK?"
Wizard nodded his head and fled, leaving Dreamer still watching from the far corner.
"I'd like to watch you feed Izzy, if you don't mind," Dreamer said. She even used a business voice.
# # # # # # # #
Melissa had little Izzy lying in a cradle made of her arms and was swinging her gently from side to side. Izzy was trying to grab air molecules, or at least it looked like she was. 
"Did you enjoy the first time she fed?" Dreamer asked. 
"Not the first time. But afterwards, yes. I felt like a real mother."
"And now?"
"I like it when the twins are feeding properly and getting full. But it takes a long time for a baby to feed, and frankly, it's a little boring at times. I'm sitting there with nothing to do, and the babies are working away, or perhaps drifting off to sleep. Yollie brings in a book and reads it while Yo-Yo feeds. I can't do that with two of them and they absolutely refuse to go one at a time. If one is drinking, the other one will be wailing a minute later. I'd enjoy your company. You can ask me questions about the babies if you like."
Dreamer had many question. Most of them on the practicalities of holding the baby, knowing when the baby was finished feeding, and what else might happen that would hurt in addition to being bit. Melissa answered every question frankly. At one point, she passed Izzy to Dreamer and asked her to bounce her gently on her knee. Little Izzy was fussy but not hungry yet. "I hold her often. She should get used to other people holding her too."
"Can I hold her close to me?"
"Sure. Pull her up against your body, put one arm under her bum, and support her head with your other hand. It's like hugging somebody, but somebody very tiny."
Dreamer stood up and started walking in the space between the command chair and the sensor stations with the baby in her arms.
"Nice, eh?" Melissa asked.
"She's opening and closing her mouth, sticking her tongue out a bit, and squirming."
"Time to put the hydrants to work." Melissa held out her arms and Dreamer put Izzy into them – supporting her head as she was supposed to. Little Izzy found the spigot and attached herself. Melissa winced at one point. "She always chews on exactly the same sore spot."
"Better now?" Dreamer asked.
"Better. Will is going to start wailing in ten, nine, eight, seven... Told you. I think they rag at each other. I'm getting fed and you aren't. Would you bring Will to me?"
# # # # # # # #
Dreamer continued to watch the babies feed while she and Melissa talked. Couldn't tear her eyes away would probably be a better description. Melissa asked her about Clearwater, and the mill, and Nonny. They were just idle questions that gave Dreamer a chance to talk in a business voice. It was when the twins both nodded off in the middle of the feeding that Melissa realized that this was an opportunity. Nobody in the family had thought of a way to open up this topic with Dreamer yet. 
"They're dozing right now. I need to stand up. Could you take Izzy and hold her in the hug you used before and walk her back and forth?"
"Sure."
"I'll walk with Will over here."
"OK."
Then...
"I'm going to turn the overhead light off so they can nap better. Are you OK with that? You won't bang into anything?"
"Sure. This is fun. I can feel her breathing against me. Her breath smells like stale milk."
"You should be glad that it isn't smelling worse. Sometimes, when the twins can't sleep at night, William and I will both get up and walk back and forth, holding them, and stroking them. Trying to help them go back to sleep. William often sings nonsense little things to them. They like that. The twin he's holding will always fall asleep first. He goes back to bed and I take the other twin into the living room and continue to walk. I talk to the baby I'm holding. Sometimes I'll talk about things that I'm happy about; sometimes I'll confess things that I did when I was growing up that I'm not particularly proud of. That helps me feel better about things I'm ashamed of. If it looks like my baby has had a nightmare, I'll tell him that he's safe and that I'm not going to let anything bad happen to him. Why don't you try that with Izzy? Pretend she's had a nightmare. Just put your face on the top of her head, and tell her that she's safe. That you'll protect her. Kiss her head. Stroke her."
Dreamer did. 
... 
"Does she understand what I'm saying?"
"Not the words. But the feelings, I believe so. The feeling of being safe, for sure. One night I told little Will about the time that I had to watch my mom get tortured. I had always hated her, but she didn't deserve to be tortured."
"What did she do to you?" 
# # # # # # # #
Melissa confided. And as part of that conversation, she explained how she was able to prepare herself for her mom's torture. "If you're afraid of something very, very nasty, don't try to overcome your fears all at once. Do something that will make the fears go away a little bit. Then make the fears go further away the next time. And a little further the next time. Before you know it, you've conquered the fears. You should do that, you know."
"Me?"
"Sure. You're afraid of getting undressed in the light, right? Winnie says that you won't change clothes unless the cabin is pitch-black."
"I can't."
"Do you want to be afraid of getting undressed for the rest of your life?" 
"No."
"Then attack the problem. With baby steps. Get undressed when you're alone in the bedroom but do it with the light on. Then when Winnie is there, take your top off in the bedroom, but with your back turned to Winnie. After you can do that, take your top off, turn towards Winnie but keep your top in front of you so that she can't see what you're hiding. After you can do that, put your hands in front of your body rather than your top. Next time, don't hide yourself but show yourself to Winnie for ten seconds, then twenty seconds, and then thirty seconds. After you can handle one step, take the next. Keep pushing yourself to go further until you can get completely undressed in front of Winnie with the light on."
"Do you know why I'm afraid to undress in the light and in front of somebody?"
"Probably. Why don't you tell little Izzy the details? Kiss her when you feel like it. Hold her close. Stroke her. Tell her about the first time your dad did something to you that he shouldn't have. Tell her how you felt about that."
# # # # # # # #
Dreamer did, and once she had told little Izzy about the first time, she went on to the next and the next and the next. Melissa could hear Dreamer snuffling in the dark, her voice breaking, and there'd be long pauses between words sometimes. Melissa desperately wanted to hug her but knew that would be impossible. She stayed as quiet as she could in the dark, hoping that the twins wouldn't wake up, and keeping her own snuffles as quiet as she could.
Melissa heard about Dreamer's dad sneaking up to her bedroom and looking through the keyhole when she was undressing. She heard how he would hug her and then rub her bum with his hands. She heard how he'd lift her shirt when he was tickling her and stare at her chest. She heard how he tried to climb into bed with her one time, but she said she had to go pee and then hid behind the locked bathroom door all night. After that, she'd put a chair up against her bedroom door whenever she was in the room. 
One time, Melissa had to interrupt. "How old were you when this was happening?"
"It was after my mom died. I was five when that happened."
"Tell little Izzy about the worst time ever."
"I'm nine years old. I'm having a bath in Nonny's house. Nonny isn't in the house, but I'm thinking that I'll be safe because I hadn't had a dream about this. But my dad comes into the bathroom. The lock is broken and I'm sure he broke it on purpose beforehand. He kneels on the floor next to the tub and looks at me. I try to cover myself with my hands and arms. He puts one of his hands over the lip of the tub so that it's hanging above the water. Then he puts his hand in the water. Further and further. I start kicking at him and screaming at the top of my lungs. He gets up. I think he's scared of my screams being heard by a neighbour. He tells me this was all my fault because I'm always wearing skimpy clothes around the house, and if I tell anybody what happened, he'll hurt me. He tells me exactly how he's going to hurt me. I don't want him to do that to me. I start to wear long clothes and baggy sweaters, but still he always looks at me in a way that makes me want to run away and hide."
# # # # # # # #
"You mentioned something about not having a dream about that bath. Does that have something to do with how you got your name? What is your real name?"
"My real name is Frances, after my mother. She died in a canoe accident. I didn't want anybody calling me her name when she was dead, so Nonny asked me what I wanted to be called instead. The kids at school were calling me Dreamer, and even though it was a tease, I didn't mind it."
"They called you that because you were always day-dreaming?"
"No. They called me that because I told some of my class that I believed in dreams. They called me Dream Believer and then shortened it to Dreamer."
"You believe the dreams that we have when we're sleeping are going to come true?"
"No, I believe the dreams that we have when we are awake are going to come true. You know, the kind of dream when everything gets fuzzy and things sort of go in slow motion?"
"I don't have those kinds of dreams."
"I do. I saw Wizard coming into our tribal center in a fuzzy-dream. I saw Wiz and me living in the Wilizy compound in a fuzzy-dream. I had a fuzzy-dream where you were sitting in a cabin feeding two babies but I didn't know who you were or that we'd talk like this."
"Did you dream about your father rushing up the stairs to your bedroom and bursting into your room when you were studying with Wizard?"
"No. I get only some dreams. I don't see all the good things that happen to me and I don't see all the bad things."
"But you're safe now, Dreamer. Your dad can't hurt you."
"Melissa, I have always had a lot of fuzzy-dreams lined up one after another in my head. After the first one comes true, then I know the next one will come true soon. I only have two fuzzy-dreams in my head right now. In the first, Wiz and I are looking over a field of flowery plants. In the second, it's nighttime. I'm in the woods and I'm very frightened because my dad is near me. I know he's trying to hurt me. I see a sliver of a face coming towards me. Then I feel a big pain in my head. After that, I can't see anything, I can't hear anything, and I can't feel anything. There are no more fuzzy-dreams after that one waiting to happen. I know that my dad is going to kill me."

Back to the Table of Contents
Chapter 8

Wolf and Mac's son was born on October 18, 2084 and they named him Jock, after Mac's father. The same day, somewhere over Asia, Melissa opened their final planning meeting with the birth announcement and then began the battle briefing. The crews of all three ships were crammed together in the galley and living room of the Wilizy/America – Melissa's need to be near the babies making that decision for them.
"The typhoon is on the right path. It's a little late in the season for China, but not all that unusual. Ship captains – you won't be in the main body of the typhoon, but you're still going to experience strong weather conditions. We've already discussed how you can keep damage to your ship to a minimum. The Wilizy/America will stay out of the path of the storm because it's the smallest and oldest ship. The two other ships are able to withstand more buffeting. Now I know that you've heard most of this already, but William is going to tell you why we're having this battle."
# # # # # # # #
William's speech:

Wolf, TG and I have been researching the Earth's atmosphere for the last four months. We've used time-travel to collect data all the way back to the early 19th century before industrialization really hit the world. We've taken air samples every decade from that point forward. Our instruments determined levels of oxygen, carbon dioxide, nitrogen, ozone, water vapor, pollutants and other non-natural additives in the air. We collected that data not only at different time periods but also at different altitudes and at different geographic locations. We now know what the atmosphere was like before mankind destroyed it. 
I can tell you that the worst of global warming is now over. However carbon dioxide levels are still very high and ozone levels very low. We all know that. That's why skin cancer is so common and why it remains the highest cause of death today. If you have white skin, you can expect to live only to your early fifties. That's why people get married so young these days. The situation isn't all that much better for brown-skinned people. 
Today, pollutant levels in the air remain high but not as high as they were when global warming hit the hardest. The Earth is gradually recovering because we are no longer filling the air with poisonous vapors from oil burning industries and gasoline powered cars. For the most part now, nations in the world rely almost exclusively on solar and wind power. Hydropower is limited because most continents have very little fresh water. 
As you know, the Wilizy family's new goals are to strive for justice for the weak, and as well, to help the Earth recover from the damage the ancients did to it. Only one country in the world continues to spew poison into the air. If we are to help the atmosphere recover, we must first stop that country from poisoning Mother Earth's air.
China did not suffer from the internal fractures of other major economies during the oil crisis or the global warming floods. Most countries faced war, food riots, water riots, and the disappearance of reasonable forms of government. China didn't have those experiences. Instead, China's position as a major economy disappeared when 90 per cent of its population died painfully and inescapably over a two decade period. The Chinese people died because their government had knowingly poisoned them with pollutants.
China now has a small and concentrated population living near the coast. It has a military government. Their source of power is coal. They still pour pollution into their skies and into their rivers. Their pollutants still travel around the world through the upper reaches of the atmosphere; the poison in their rivers still flows into the oceans where it is circulated throughout the world's oceans. We're going to put a stop to the harm they're doing to Mother Earth with as little loss of life as we can. When we are finished, China will have no access to coal-based energy. This appears to be the only thing that can be done to force their military to adopt other energy sources. 
Melissa took over.
For decade after decade, mankind poisoned Mother Earth. Even though the signs of the impending destruction were always there, petty politics and the pure stupidity of their political leaders froze the world's governments into inaction. These imbeciles never did act sufficiently to save the planet. The planet, as the ancients knew it, self-destructed. The Earth's revival will start with the total elimination of coal-based power. Tomorrow, Mother Earth is sending a typhoon to China and the Wilizy will be there to help her. Be safe everybody. 
# # # # # # # #
The Battle of Old King Coal took about eighteen hours to complete. This was how long it took the typhoon to cross the battlefield. Mother Earth sent her own forms of destruction – strong winds, heavy rain, tidal surges, and tornadoes. The Wilizy brought two thunderstorms.
Every coal-burning power station inland was destroyed by a thunderstorm that seemed to settle over it until the station had been hit by so many lightning strikes that it became a smoking wreck. Mother Earth herself took care of the coal-burning naval vessels and the coal-burning power stations on the coastline with tidal surges that destroyed everything in their path. 
 Transmission towers carrying coal-generated electricity into cities also received lightning strike after lightning strike – those that weren't uprooted by Mother Earth's tornadoes. 
Rail lines from the coal mines to the power stations also suffered heavily from lightning strikes. The deep coal mines served as the destination of choice for the heavy rains that turned into flash floods that rushed to fill deep holes in the ground. Mother Earth at work again. 
When William and Melissa flew over the battleground after the typhoon was gone, and the skies over the Chinese cities were clear for the first time in who knows when, she looked at William and asked. "Did you and TG have anything to do with the storm surge, the tornadoes, or the flash floods?"
"No. We were busy putting lightning bolts through everything tied to coal energy that we could find."
"Swear?"
William put a little finger into each of his ears, wiggled his hands, and flapped his tongue in the air. [Narrator: In devising a swear routine that would reassure Melissa that she could believe him, William had wanted to make sure that he didn't swear to anything by accident. He wouldn't have had to do this if he didn't tease her with his little white lies and exaggerations.] 
So it was that the most severe typhoon to hit China in centuries was accompanied by three invisible flying sailing ships, two Wilizy teenagers who had died in a helicopter explosion, two active milk hydrants, and a flying wolf. 
Hey, don't look at me like that! I don't make this stuff up. I just tell you what happened. 

Back to the Table of Contents
Chapter 9

Melissa could not have foreseen the success that her Talk to Your Baby healing process would have. It was strictly an attempt to prompt Dreamer to talk about her molestations. She darkened the room because she knew from experience that talking about difficult things with another person was easier in the dark. She added hugging a baby because she also knew how strong her own emotions were when she hugged her babies. She thought that perhaps the love that women would naturally experience from hugging babies would help to heal the hatred and fear that could overwhelm young girls who had been molested by a family member or assaulted by a pedophilic stranger. 
Melissa could not have predicted that in the early 22nd century, psychologists would proclaim that The Wilizy's Talk to your Baby Restorative Sessions had been a breakthrough in the search for help for abused girls and women everywhere. Nor could she have predicted that numbskull psycho-babblists would delve into the reasons why the darkness worked, or explore whether three strokes on a baby's head were better than two. Nor could she have predicted that the same numbskulls would conduct experiments to determine if a clockwise pattern of walking was necessary in the northern hemisphere while a counterclockwise pattern was necessary in the southern hemisphere. Psycho-babblists are probably the same whether they're spreading their babble in the 21st century or in the 22nd century.
All that Melissa knew was that Dreamer started to get better. Granny asked Melissa what she had done. Then Granny visited the Wilizy Foundation for the Treatment of Abused Children and told the head nurse what a friend had discovered. Revealing that her friend was supposedly dead and buried under a forest floor somewhere would probably not have been gone over too well, so she held that information back. The Foundation tried the treatment; it worked. Initially the process was used solely in the Wilizy Foundation's care facilities in western Canada. Eventually it spread around the world. 
The three Wilizy ships took a weeklong detour on the way home after the battle of Old King Coal. The crew split into different groups each day and played tourist in Malaysia and Indonesia while Wizard and Dreamer visited chocolate manufacturers. Wizard even approached a few companies to inquire about their prices. Whatever they said couldn't have been very attractive because Wizard told them sadly that he had been prepared to buy several tons of chocolate, but their price was way too high. He might return in a year to see if they were willing to supply their goods with a better volume discount. 
In fact, Wizard was interested in buying but Dreamer had discouraged him. She pointed out that they didn't have the necessary infrastructure yet. They'd have to decide what candies and bars they would create from the Asian chocolate and how they would sell them: solely in the Wilizy Cloth & Dye outlets or in combination with other retailers? Wizard asked her if she'd like to manage the project and Dreamer accepted the job. 
Later Stu and Momaka approached Dreamer to tell her that each of them had recipes for some scrumptious chocolate delicacies and they'd be willing to help by making trial samples and testing them with consumers. Dreamer saw no significance in the fact that Stu and Momaka had approached her together. However given the same evidence, Melissa's nosiness sensors would have been pinging and Winnie's matchmaking inclinations would have been ramping up for an additional challenge. Winnie was still keeping an eye on how Dreamer and Wizard behaved in public. She wasn't going to snoop on the private lives, but their public lives were fair game. She was waiting anxiously for their first kiss. Only after that would she consider her matchmaking a success. 
# # # # # # # #
In November, Wizard and Rick had face-to-face negotiations for the first time. Rick was surprised at Wizard's youthfulness and he was prepared to take Wizard for all that he could. Rick might have been honest, but he was a competitor, striving to win the best deal possible. People who had to negotiate prices with Wizard would characterize him in the same way. 
Wizard had scientists in Anchorage who were getting restless. Six were biologists and chemists who had worked for The Citadel and had volunteered to move to Alberta and work for the Wilizy. Wizard had given them an assignment back in January of 2084, expecting it to keep them busy for several years. Eleven months later, the scientists were asking for proper research facilities. They hadn't achieved a scientific breakthrough yet, but their line of research looked promising. Wizard was meeting with Rick to find research labs for them. Four other Alaskan recruits were engineers and they were working on another project that Wizard had given them. They wouldn't need a lab; they'd need a manufacturing plant. But that could come later. First, the research labs. 
When the negotiations were finalized, the Province of Alberta had agreed to open up one of the old science buildings at the defunct University of Alberta in Edmonton. Government inspectors would ensure that the building was sound and properly connected to a power grid. If not, government engineers would make it so. The government would assume responsibility for the entire project including paying the costs of the building, the scientists, and the necessary product testing. If any of the inventions had potential, they'd also assume the costs of producing, marketing, and distributing them. Within Alberta, the inventions would be sold at cost. Any discoveries exported out of the province would be sold at whatever profit margins the government could negotiate. 
Any profits that were gained by these exports would be distributed as follows: 60 per cent to the province and 20 per cent to the researchers to be split among themselves as they cared to stipulate. This 20 per cent was to be a bonus on top of what the province gave them as a salary. It would act as an incentive to invent something very important. Another 10 per cent of the profit would go to promoting culture within the province. The final 10 per cent was to be a non-taxable donation to the Wilizy Foundation. 
So let's see who came out on top of these negotiations. By this agreement, the Wilizy would contribute nothing other than the researchers that they had won in their battle with The Citadel. For this project, the Wilizy would pay nothing, nada, naught, nil, null, zip, zippo, and zilch. For that, they'd receive 10 per cent of any profit and they didn't have to do anything. The first research project that the staff were working on? A cure for skin cancer. Hmmmm. How big of a market would that cure have if the scientists came up with an effective solution? Does anybody still believe that sixteen year old Wizard was too young to play with the adults?
And yet, Rick agreed to it. Why? Because it would create jobs in Alberta and bring in foreign money from the sale of exports. Win-win for both of them, actually. 
# # # # # # # #
November also saw the initial meeting of a small Wilizy task force that would bring justice to pedophiles. They were thinking of calling themselves the Raging Nonnies. Granny liked the name because it had the word raging in it; Wanda liked the presence of both words. Both knew that there had been a small group named the Raging Grannies back in the time of the ancients. The Raging Grannies had wanted to raise awareness of environmental and social justice issues. They might sing in protest. They might dress up or use humour to draw attention to their cause. 
If Granny had her way, the Raging Nonnies would be different. She wasn't going to just raise awareness. Granny's idea of raging was along the lines of – We're going to stake Double-Tom to the ground, and then we're going to...
 [Censor's Note: The content of the last sentence is unnecessarily violent and has been removed because it is not suitable for young readers.]
Wanda criticized Granny for being too meek. Both agreed that they were going to do more than talk; they were going to capture pedophiles and violence was very much on the agenda. 
"We should call ourselves the Raging Gardeners," Wanda had said. "After all, we're going to be planting pedophiles." And with that, their name was changed. They invited Momaka to join the group because Granny and Wanda liked her. Simple as that. 
The three met in Granny's house. Doc fled when he heard the word gardener. Husbands who are foolish enough to be around when a group of women talk about gardening will soon find themselves on their knees pulling weeds. 
 Momaka thought that she had been invited to a gardening group because of her knowledge of plants. When she heard the purpose of the Raging Gardeners and what Double-Tom had done to Dreamer, Momaka became even more interested. "I'm in," she enthused. "I know plants that will kill him or paralyse him. I can also drive a spade through his forehead if that's what you'd prefer." Momaka liked Dreamer a lot; she just wasn't an overly demonstrative person. Under normal circumstances. 
The Raging Gardeners' first order of business was to find Double-Tom. They didn't know exactly what they'd do to him when they found him. Momaka's idea of the spade was pleasantly innovative. 
They agreed that they'd decide Double-Tom's fate later. "What happens to him has to be dictated by justice," Granny stipulated. "That's the way we expect the children to operate; we have to do the same."
"Party-pooper," Wanda complained .
"But I happen to have been deputized by the RCMP many years ago," Granny said. "They never undeputized me."
"Now you're talking."
"Wanda, we still have to deliver justice. And for Dreamer to receive justice, we first have to find D-T. Does he have any favorite hang-outs?"
"Every bar and gambling joint in Surrey."
"Any other idea on how to find him?"
Silence.
"We don't have much time. Dreamer has two dreams left in her queue. We need to know where he is before she experiences the second dream."
Still no ideas.
"When was the last time anybody saw him?" Momaka asked. 
"September 4, in my house in Clearwater."
"OK, we'll track him from there," Granny responded.
"Granny I know he reeks, but even his smell won't have stuck around long enough to track."
"We'll TiTr him."
"Teeter as in teeter-totter?" Momaka asked.
"Not exactly," Granny answered. 

Back to the Table of Contents
Chapter 10

Christmas celebrations were going to be tricky this year. Having to conceal two celebrity corpses would require privacy and the needs of all the babies and their mothers had to be considered as well. So Mac had invited the family to come to the Wilizy's satellite compound where the three young families were living in an isolated village far from Alberta. Still, there'd be difficulties. Those villagers would notice the large number of strangers and they'd have comments and questions. Plus where would everybody stay? How would they feed everybody? 
The family decided to stock the three Wilizy ships with food and anchor them above the satellite compound. Either of the three-deckers had ample space to host large groups. The North American visitors would eat and sleep in the ships during the day while the babies and their parents could sleep in their own beds in the village. If visitors wanted to spend time away from the ships, wilderness areas where they could camp overnight were nearby. The weather at that time of year was quite comfortable. The ships could be used for day trips plus the submarine was available for discreet overnight stays for those who knew about that opportunity. The family decided that they wouldn't exchange Christmas gifts. The opportunity to visit with everybody was the family's gift to itself. (Winnie had such a perfect gift for William that she broke the rule, but gave the Monty Python book to him privately.)
It would be difficult to describe ten days of festivities for so many people. I'll give you only the highlights. 
# # # # # # # #
The Wilizy ships arrived above the satellite compound three days before Christmas. Immediately on arrival, William and TG palletized Mac's piano and transported it up to the Wilizy/Asia. This would become the family's social center during the evenings. Every night during their stay, Mac would take requests and the ship would vibrate with music and song. Dreamer and Wizard sat watching the first night, but with everybody else caterwauling to the best of their ability, the pressure was too great for them to stay sitting all by themselves. They stood on the fringe of the group on the second night, and on Christmas Eve, Dreamer was singing. 
Mac's piano was, in fact, her mother's piano that had stood unused in the general's Saskatoon living room ever since her death. Mac and Wolf had stayed with her Dad immediately after the war against The Citadel had ended. They thought that their visit would be awkward because of the secrecy that they felt would be necessary to hide their connection to the Wilizy from the general. That awkwardness lasted about ten seconds. On their arrival, the general gave Wolf a soldier's handshake and clapped him on the shoulder. "I heard you gave those Alaskans a thorough drubbing," he said. "Well done! Is Mac going to be taking your Wilizy name or are you keeping your marriage a secret?" You may have observed that General MacLatchie was no slouch in the brains department. 
The three talked military strategy a great deal of time. Wolf was anxious to learn and the general was pleased to inform. Mac hauled her figurine armies out of storage, divided them into three, and they spent their afternoons fighting. Army fighting, not people fighting. In the evenings, they'd gather around the piano. That was hard for the general and, after hearing how well Mac and Wolf could sing, he begged off. He said that he'd rather listen. Mac and Wolf sang every song in the MacLatchie songbook, identified some favorites, and decided to sing them in harmony. This was new to both of them but they were sounding good by the end of the visit – if the general's enthusiastic clapping was any indicator. At the end of their stay, the general said that he wanted to give them his wife's piano as a wedding present. Mac had to leave the room suddenly, but came back a few minutes later, a little red-eyed. The general had four privates carry the piano from the general's living room to his front porch. Wolf told him that it would disappear that night and the general didn't ask how that was going to happen. 
Mac and Wolf's departure from Saskatoon had the potential to be a little awkward. Readers of my last book will recall that the general was more than a little reserved about how a family should speak to and touch each other. Not only had he never touched Mac, but he hadn't even called her by name. Wolf wasn't going to take another handshake and he pulled the general into a manly embrace complete with back thumps. They stopped short of beating on their chests and grunting. Mac and the general connected on their third attempt to hug – Mac taking charge, spreading her father's arms, and then stepping in. She couldn't step too far inside. The general leaned forward at about a forty-five degree angle and allowed only his cheek to touch Mac's cheek. Mac and Wolf waved good-bye, promising to visit regularly. The general called out, "Good-bye, Wolf and Mac," as they turned and walked to the anonymous copter the Wilizy used when such was needed. 
I mention this background because the Wilizy family did have a Christmas gift for somebody after all. On Christmas Eve, just as Mac was getting ready to take the first song request, Wolf brought a man with a Santa hat and fake beard into the living room. For the first time ever, Mac cried in public and she and Santa had a proper hug this time. Song night started a little late that evening. Mac had some flimsy excuse about having to introduce her dad to his grandson first. When they returned, the entire family welcomed Jock (Senior) into the Wilizy family properly, sling and all. 
# # # # # # # #
I remember this Christmas holiday season particularly well because this was the year that Winnie and I became close friends. I knew that she had helped to babysit me when I was two, but I remembered none of that. This Christmas, she gave me a special gift. She taught me how to find sneaky hiding places and eavesdrop on adult conversations. 
The night after Christmas, two meetings were scheduled: one for the men and one for the women. I was trying out Winnie's gift in the Wilizy/Asia's living room where William and Wizard were having a combined science and business meeting. The women were having their own meeting on the Wilizy/Europe. I knew that Winnie would be at that meeting and she'd tell me what had happened. So I found a nice corner behind the sofa and scrunched up real tight on the floor. Mom and dad hadn't allowed me to have invisibility powers on my sling yet, so I was staying as quiet as I could. Doc, Grandpa Hank and Uncle Jock were in soft chairs away from the head table. Wizard, William, Wolf and my dad were sitting at that table. I noticed that Doc was frequently leaning over and whispering into Uncle Jock's ear. He'd listen and then nod. Doc was explaining things, I suppose, because at one point I heard Uncle Jock say, "You demolished their entire coal mining industry?" and Doc nodded. 
I learned that they were going to try to capture some guy named Carbon. And Wizard was told that he could go ahead and hire some mining people to search the Alberta mountains for something called titanium.
"Rick's pressuring me to choose specific land parcels," Wizard said. "I'll have to know if we want urban parcels or mountain parcels soon."
"I have to perfect the manufacturing process first." William replied. "Then we have to make absolutely sure that nobody will learn what we're really doing."
"What progress have you made on the titanium?" Wolf asked Wizard. 
"Still in negotiations," Wizard said. "Our purchase will be part of Rick's deal to sell babies to the North Koreans."
"Is Ingrid on board with that sale, TG?" Grandpa Hank asked. Ingrid was my dad's mother. I never met my grandmother. I don't believe that my dad ever got over her decision to have him killed, but we never talked about that as a family. 
"Making North Korean babies gives her something to do," my dad said. "It's better than sitting in a cell. But I've locked her out of the lab's computers and made the programming changes myself. North Korea is going to receive brown babies who, if they were born in Alberta, would all receive a name starting with the letter A."
"The North Korean leaders are going to get quite the surprise twelve years from now." Doc commented to the group and then leaned over and whispered to Uncle Jock. "These Albertan babies will be very assertive," he said. "They'll try to take charge of everybody and everything."
"Goodbye to their docile population," Uncle Jock whispered back.
Then Grandpa Hank saw me and shooed me out of the room. I tried to sneak into the women's meeting but the door was locked. Winnie told me afterwards what they had discussed. 
# # # # # # # #
The Raging Gardeners called the women's meeting. Granny and Momaka were at the head table. Wanda was there too, but she couldn't stay long. Granny had invited her to come for the holiday but the sawmill was working overtime to complete the order for the University of Alberta and she had to return to Clearwater. Yolanda and Winnie were present too. All of the young moms were in the Wilizy/America feeding their babies. Dreamer was with them. She hadn't been told anything about the Raging Gardeners yet. 
"We are completely stymied," Granny admitted. "We know that Double-Tom was arrested the night of September 4 in Kamloops for ambushing and stabbing a bartender who refused to sell him more alcohol. With his history, he received a quick trial and was transported to the Sicamous Regional Prison to serve his sentence. We could try and follow him when he's released but that's going to be difficult." 
Momaka took over. "We know that when prisoners are released, they are loaded into the prison's transport copters. We can't see them being loaded. Nor can we see inside the copter during the flight because the copter visors are tinted. The copters can deliver their ex-prisoners to either Kamloops, Salmon Arm, or Vernon. We have no way of knowing which city Double-Tom will choose for his drop-off point." 
Momaka continued. "We know from Hank's contact inside the B.C. government that Double-Tom was given an eighteen month sentence which puts his presumed release fifteen months from now. With the volume of copter traffic that comes in and out of that prison, it would be very difficult to track him unless we knew the exact day and time he was scheduled to leave the prison. Then we'd have to follow every copter that left within half an hour or so of that time. We should see a glimpse of him when he steps out of the copter, but the drop-off spot will be in the center of a busy city. Double-Tom could disappear into a building and come out another exit. Shopping centers, for example, have multiple entrances and exits."
"And that assumes that he's released as scheduled," Wanda added. "Some prisoners are released early. If that happened, we might not learn about it in time to prevent an attack on Dreamer."
"Mac offered to give me a bug that would tell us if he ever came near Dreamer," Yolanda offered.
"Yeah, she offered one to me too," Granny said. "But there's no point putting the bug on him when he's in prison – even if we could, which we can't. Prisoners are given new clothes on their release. And to put a bug on him after his release, we'd have to trail him after he leaves the transport copter which we know we're going to have difficulty doing."
"To be blunt, we don't know how we're going to find him after he's released," Wanda admitted. 
Neither did anybody else. 
"Why don't we break him out of prison ahead of time?" Winnie asked.
# # # # # # # #
Meanwhile, the three moms were using the cabin on the Wilizy/America that had a big sign on the door warning Beware of lactating milk hydrants. Dreamer had been invited to join them and had accepted immediately. When Yollie, Mac and Melissa were in the satellite compound, they were used to sitting together when nursing their babies. Since they were very close in age, the twins and Jock Junior were following the same feeding pattern. Yo-Yo was nine months older, but still needing her mom. If she weren't hungry at the same time as the newborns, she'd come into the nursing room and play on the floor. 
This pattern continued during the Christmas visit. The ship's nursing cabin had two comfortable chairs with armrests for Yollie and Mac. Melissa was sitting in the middle of a sofa, as it was easier for her to keep both twins comfortable if she didn't have to deal with armrests. Dreamer was sitting at the end of Melissa's couch and helping with the burping and with the baby transfers from one hydrant to the next. If any baby became fussy, the mom would look at Dreamer and she'd take the squabbler off their hands and walk with him or her around the cabin, murmuring softly into an ear. One might almost think that she was singing. 
This day's nursing session is not notable for that reason, although Dreamer's easy acceptance into the group and her enjoyment of being together with three older sisters are worth noting. But that's not why I'm describing this scene. 
Yo-Yo wasn't particularly hungry. She was playing on the floor and drinking apple juice now and then from a sippy-cup. Mac and Melissa were busy being milk delivery systems. Dreamer was watching Yo-Yo play. Yollie saw the apple juice and decided to brag about how smart Yo-Yo was. 
"One morning, TG and I were trying to snatch a few extra minutes of sleep. Yo-Yo was already up. I had set her up in the living room and she was playing with her dolls. Everything in the living room was safe, so I had crawled back into bed, rolled over onto my side facing away from TG and covered my exposed ear with my hand. I heard Yo-Yo come into the bedroom. She came over to my side of the bed with her sippy-cup and lifted one of my eyelids to see if I was in there. I tickled her under her chin and she went over to the other side where TG was flat on his back, dead to the world. He had his mouth wide open and was snoring more than a little bit." 
"Yo-Yo heard the snores and figured out that the noise was coming from his mouth. So she left the room, came back with her little stool, put it on the floor next to the bed, and climbed up onto it. From there, she could see into TG's mouth and peered into it. Then she took her sippy cup, unscrewed the top, and poured the juice down TG's throat."
At that, both Mac and Melissa erupted into laughter. And glory behold, so did Dreamer. 
"She was trying to drown the snore."
More laughter.
"Something that I thoroughly applauded."
More laughter.
"TG sat up, gasping and spewing juice, and looked at me."
A pause...
"Wasn't me, I said."
Pause...
"So we heard a noise in the hall and Yo-Yo came through the doorway. She was carrying the full carton of juice, fully intent on killing that awful noise once and for all."
More laughter and applause – Dreamer contributing more than her share. 
# # # # # # # #
Wanda and Granny were saying goodbye. Wanda had a ton of work to do because she was going to expand the Clearwater mill. Almost all of their tribe members were back and they were building new houses for them. But Wanda wasn't delaying her departure to talk about that.
"Dreamer looks so much better now, Granny. Speaking in a normal voice, standing up straight, not looking scared all the time." 
"She's still clinging onto Wizard for dear life, but if that's her only problem, we've done well."
"Is Wizard the type of boy to take advantage?"
"Wizard? No. Never. He's not that kind of boy."
"She's taller than him, now that she's standing up straight. Does he object to that?"
"So long as it doesn't stop him from doing business, I doubt he'd notice it. Come to think of it, Dreamer is approaching Yollie's height. Yollie's considered a giant."
"I thought she had grown. Still very skinny. She'd be much taller than her dad now, curse his black heart."
"Wizard hasn't stopped growing yet. This isn't something that you need to worry about, Wanda."
"Dreamer has always been different from everybody else. Her height makes her feel awkward and she's shy because of that. She doesn't want to be noticed. That's difficult when you're taller than everybody in a school classroom including the teacher."
"The Wilizy live with flying wolves who can receive mind-messages. Nobody in this family is going to notice a little bit of height. Give'm Hell back home, Wanda."
"I always do."
# # # # # # # #
"I have to go sleepy-time," Melissa had announced to nobody in particular. Now she was curled up on the couch, dead to the world. Dreamer was walking a fussy Izzy; Will was asleep on a blanket on the deck. 
"Melissa can fall asleep in ten seconds," Mac said. "We all can. You learn quickly to grab power naps whenever you can. I'll nap after Yollie returns and takes Jock upstairs. Right now she's fixing some hot moist towels to put on Melissa's shoulders. Then she'll give her a rub. Melissa sleeps right through it."
"Do you have to have big breasts to be able to feed a baby until she's full?" Dreamer had dropped a breast-bomb into what had been a casual conversation about babies and their demands on their mother.
"No, of course not! Why would you think that?" 
"I was wondering if I'd have enough milk to fill a baby." Then in response to Mac's incredulous look, she added, "I'm very tiny."
"Of course, you could fill your baby. If you had a baby, your body would make milk and it wouldn't matter how small you were before you became pregnant."
"I see the way men look at women's breasts. No man looks at me that way. Some boys at Clearwater said that I'd need an operation before any guy would marry me."
"If a man suggested to me that I should have bigger boobs, I'd be handing him two giant balloons and telling him that he can sleep next to those from now on. You can't let a man belittle you because you don't fit some distorted fantasy he might have of what a woman's body should be like. ... What?"
"You're very blunt."
"I am. More importantly, I'm assertive. I stand up for what I believe in and I don't believe in some buffoon telling me the kind of body I should have so that he'd be happy."
"My nonny is the same."
"Wanda, Granny, Yollie, and I speak bluntly. That's our nature. Melissa and Yolanda have a different way of speaking to people. Sometimes their way works best; sometimes blunt is needed. But we all stand up for ourselves. We aren't doormats. And we all have wonderful husbands who respect us. How can anybody respect a doormat? How can you have love if you don't also have mutual respect?"
"I don't think I could stand up..."
"You already did. When you were ten and your dad came into your bathroom. You stood up to him the only way you knew how. You stopped him. You're the star of the group, Dreamer. None of us had to deal with somebody like your dad. I don't know if we could have when we were that age." 
"I'm still scared of what he said he'd do to me."
"We're going to take care of your dad, Dreamer."
 
Back to the Table of Contents
Chapter 11

In the second week of January 2085, a prisoner transport copter deposited five new inmates into the Sicamous Regional Prison's courtyard. All five were quickly whisked away to processing and emerged thirty minutes later shorn, soaped, and sanitized. Four of them received normal transfers to their new accommodations. Each was accompanied by two guards and thrust quickly into the empty half of a two-prisoner cell. 
The fifth prisoner was taken to his cell in leg manacles and handcuffs. His guard duty consisted of four men. In the previous hour, all the cells anywhere near his new home had been thoroughly searched for contraband. This was standard practice for a special visitor. The prisoners within those searched cells were mildly interested to see who was coming. 
He was white. No surprise there. About 90 per cent of the men in this prison were white. The Sicamous prison drew its population from the urban areas of the Okanagan and all the remote land north of that. Those remote areas were prime land for growing marijuana. Of course, growing, distributing, or selling pot was legal. However it was unprofitable. Frontier families found it hard enough to grow enough food to live on; they weren't going to waste their land or their time on something that they couldn't eat. Besides, smoking pot and working sixteen hour days didn't go very well together.
But smoking pot as a full-time career was attractive to some whites. They survived, in a blurry daze, off the benevolence of others, mostly the B.C. government. Prison sociologists glibly explained how frequently these remote white-necks ended up in jail as the combination of a predisposition to avoiding hard work and a genetic susceptibility to pot. Defenders of the white race, at least for this area of the province, complained of racial profiling. "The police pick on certain people," they'd argue. "Racial targeting at its worst," they'd claim. At this time, over 70 per cent of the police in this area were aboriginals. Over 70 per cent of the guards in this prison were aboriginals. Over 60 per cent of the judges in this area were aboriginals. Surely, the justice system was stacked against the minority whites.
That's why the warden's choice for the new prisoner's cellmate was surprising. He assigned him to the empty half of the cell currently occupied by one of the few aboriginals in the prison. This cell's bunk had a history of causing its owner health issues. Complaints of damaged ribs and sore backs from sleeping in the top bunk would eventually result in a transfer to another, more healthy cell. The new cellmate would hobble to a less dangerous bunk and Double-Tom would go back to his solitary life. Just him and his illegal businesses. He carried on a quiet trade in prisoner luxury items provided by the prison itself – electronic cigarettes for example. These were what prisoners used for gambling. Double-Tom was doing very well, thank you very much. 
For those who worked in the prison, sending the new guest to a high-risk environment in Double-Tom's cell was not a surprise. The rumour from the guards' locker room was that the new inmate was a key member of a Japanese crime family. The warden was teaching him that he'd receive no easy treatment because of his connections. Double-Tom would provide the hands-on introduction to prison life. 
Softening the new guy up was not going to be much of a challenge for Double-Tom. The new white inmate had to be in his 50s, with glasses, a slight paunch around his middle, and a receding hairline. Ample gray hairs were mixed within his slightly red hair. He had rounded shoulders, probably from working at a desk far too long. Soft hands. No calluses. An office worker of some kind. Certainly not a person who could take even the lightest kidney punch that Double-Tom liked to start with in the middle of the night when his cellmate was sleeping.
Double-Tom now, he was not big. In fact, he was a little shorter than the average prisoner. Nor was he a strong, menacing man. At his best, he'd be considered wiry. But he had one big benefit that served him well in prison. He had no scruples. Double-Tom had tried to create the image of a tough guy with his Mohawk hair and his prison tattoos. Nobody in prison bought that. However they did try to stay clear of him. 
Double-Tom was not the sharpest knife in the drawer. To be brutally honest, Double-Tom didn't make it into the knife drawer. Double-Tom didn't even know that there was a knife drawer. However D-T knew how to use a shiv – a homemade prison knife – that would easily penetrate any area of his cellmate's back where D-T might choose to strike. Coming at an enemy from the front was full of potential problems. Coming from behind was not. Hence my comment about scruples and D-T's lack of the same.
The closest creature in the animal kingdom to D-T would be the cartoon image of the sneaky, thieving, backstabbing weasel that always managed to flee before the authorities arrived. When managing his gambling business in Surrey, D-T would graciously pay a gambler who had won big and then follow him out of the dark alley where they had been playing. Soon, deep inside another dark alley, the gambler would have the choice of admitting that he had cheated and give the winnings back to D-T. Or he'd live without a kidney for the rest of his life. D-T would help him make that decision by ensuring that he knew where his failing kidney was. It was the organ immediately underneath the tip of the knife in his back. When the gambler decided to donate his winnings to D-T's favorite charity, D-T would take the money, tap him gently on each cheek with the flat of his knife and say, "It's been nice doing business with ya."
In his personal relationships, D-T was a bully carnivore, pure and simple. He didn't have the size and muscles for that role to be successful with men, or even with most women, so he'd seek the company of women who were drunks or besieged by other personal problems. So long as they were too scared to fight back when D-T slapped them around, D-T was happy. But since the number of mature women susceptible to D-T's charming way of showing his affection was somewhat small, D-T focused his search for romance on girls who were too young to detect his weasel-ality or to fight back when he simply decided to take what he wanted. I think my characterization of D-T as a weasel is accurate although grossly unfair to weasels. 
Double-Tom stared at his new punching bag after he shuffled into the cell and the guards removed his prison jewelry. His cellmate struggled to climb into the top bunk without using the little ladder that D-T happened to be blocking. He ignored Double-Tom's questions about why he was in prison.
When it came time for supper, this prison required both inmates in a cell to stand at the door with their open hands pressed against the bars. Usually, they grabbed the bars and the guards didn't make a big deal of that. All the cell doors would be opened at the same time and then all the prisoners would move in an orderly fashion to the mess hall. Armed guards were patrolling the steel walkways high above them and these gave them excellent firing positions down into the halls and into the cells. They'd use rubber bullets to begin with. These were not supposed to be lethal, but in the wrong pair of hands, they could be. Sicamous prisoners behaved themselves in the hallways. The prison had other places where surveillance was not so tight. Work assignments, for example. Pasty white men were considered fair game when they were on their work assignments. 
As Double-Tom and the Japanese crime man stood at the cell door, the middle-aged pasty muttered something out of the corner of his mouth. He was using prison talk, which is a low whisper that was quiet enough that it would be audible only to another prisoner standing a few steps away. Walk into a prison and in five minutes, you'd know how to talk without moving your lips. Survival school at its best. "I know you're a stoolie," the new man said. "I won't be saying anything to you with that bug hidden in the vent."
"No bug," Double-Tom muttered back.
"Yes, bug," the man replied. "Standard practice when they catch one of us."
"No bug," D-T insisted. "I'm not a stoolie. Ask around. I operate the gambling franchise in the prison."
"Did they take you out of your cell about an hour before I arrived?"
Double-Tom nodded.
"That's when they put in the bug," the new guy said. "Whatever is said or done in this cell is going to be projected onto a big screen in the office of B.C.'s Attorney General one day later. They'll give up in a couple of weeks if you keep your mouth shut."
Double-Tom nodded and thought about whether this would curtail his gambling operations or not. He knew it would curtail his new guy softening up hobby. 
"I'll take the bottom bunk tonight," the new guy said.
"In your dreams."
"Don't say I didn't warn you," the pasty white guy said.
 # # # # # # # #
Wizard and Rick finalized North Korea's order for at least a decade of babies. The Koreans wanted them to be more hardy. Their people were dying off too quickly. "Lead poisoning," Rick explained to Wizard.
"From their water?"
"From their security force's guns."
Wizard had locked up North Korea's entire production of titanium for that decade using Alberta as a front for the purchase. The North Koreans were even going to put more workers into their mines. Wizard knew that titanium from North Korean was not a long-term possibility, but he'd be ready with an alternate source when North Korea figured out what kind of babies they were receiving from Alberta.
"Alberta's getting its share of proceeds from the new industry you're creating, right Wizard?"
Wiz had not told Rick what he was planning to do with the titanium or where in Alberta it would be located. Secrecy was all part of doing business when you can't afford to have others hearing rumours of something this big. "You'll receive new jobs plus sales from outside Alberta," Wiz reassured. "Just like the cancer drugs. We'll be bringing in more titanium from other sources too, so we won't owe you as much gratitude as you were hoping for. Still, we'll reward Alberta well for its help in getting us this contract. We'll also give you any supply of titanium that you'll need for your medical industry at cost. I'm told it could take a decade for that need to develop. But once your researchers ask for it, you will have cheap access to a very rare substance."
"Your other sources?"
"Probably Australia and South Africa. They have very big quantities still in the ground. We're talking with them about very long-term contracts. They're desperate for exports. Negotiations take a long time when you have to communicate long distances. We'll probably need a couple of months to finalize."
"That's a long way to ship titanium in quantity."
"We're working on that. Australia says they need a computer technology man. Do you have one to spare? Perhaps in one of your cells? I could help sharpen Australia's interest." 
"I wouldn't mind moving him."
"So how much would you'd save by not having to feed him and guard him?"
"Are we negotiating now, Wizard?"
"Just warming up, Rick." 
 # # # # # # # #
Dreamer and Wizard were in the main room of the community hall, sitting on a sofa, and studying the second bot in Dreamer's business management program. Their arms were touching, but that was it. Both were focusing heavily on the bot's content. This second course was harder. Dreamer was wearing a yellow, short-sleeved T-shirt and frayed jeans. Wizard also had a sleeveless shirt, but he wore a ratty old pair of sweatpants. Both had their bare feet up on a stool and their feet were touching. Mathias and Reese were on the community hall's floor by the kitchen playing figurine army wars; Winnie was in a big armchair next to the piano, its back facing Dreamer and Wiz. She too was studying a bot – the third in the business management program. Patella and Scapula were asleep on the floor by her chair. 
Wizard and Dreamer were now using the community hall for studying instead of Wizard's room where they had used to study. It was in that bedroom after Christmas when Dreamer had said, "We shouldn't study alone here any longer. People might think, you know..."
Wizard was very aware of all the things that people might think. He was more aware of all the things that they weren't doing but could be doing. "But nothing's happening. We just study. We only hold hands. We're not even kissing." 
"Not yet," Dreamer had said.
It took a few seconds for Dreamer's words to reach the part of the brain that alerted males to the likelihood of impending physical contact of a pleasant nature with the opposite gender. Then Wizard bundled up their study materials and walked briskly to the community hall with Dreamer trotting behind to catch up. From that point on, they studied in the open. The words not yet were still the status quo in the scene I'll describe for you now. 
Winnie was sitting with her back to Dreamer and Wizard's sofa for a reason. After Christmas, Dreamer had started a conversation with Winnie when they were changing for bed. "I know you're curious about Wizard and me and how he and I like each other," she began. "But I'd like for Wiz and me to have some privacy from now on. I'd prefer it if you stopped spying on us, visibly as well as invisibly. Could you do that?"
Winnie looked at Dreamer and saw the serious look. "Yeah, sure. I didn't mean anything."
"I know. You just want us to be happy together. But that can't happen if I'm wondering if you are peeking at us from an invisible sling."
"Sorry."
"S'alright. No more reading my mind, either. OK?"
Winnie hadn't actually told Dreamer about that talent. But she hadn't been using it since she saw the horror in Dreamer's mind way back in September. "I haven't peeked into your mind for months and months. Nobody else's either. Once I was able to stop myself from doing that, my headaches disappeared. William gave me a visor that I could try if they come back but I don't need it. Not right now anyway." 
"I'll tell you if there's anything that a sister should know. OK?"
That was a week ago, and Winnie was following the agreement closely. Each night, she'd leave the community hall before Wiz and Dreamer packed up their study materials. She'd go straight to her bedroom, do a little artwork, and wait. But she wasn't waiting for Dreamer to arrive.
Winnie was waiting for Patella and Scapula to arrive. What did you see in the compound, Patella? Winnie would ask. Patella thought about what she saw. Tonight she saw the same close embrace as she had seen before, but this time, she saw an actual kiss. Patella couldn't see where it had landed.
What did you see in the compound, Scapula? Both wolves had been following Wiz and Dreamer from well back in the darkness as Winnie had instructed. Scapula had the better angle. Dreamer had kissed Wizard on the cheek. 
Winnie wasn't using an invisible sling and she certainly wasn't peeking, so how could Dreamer complain? But kisses on the cheek didn't count. A matchmaker's job isn't completed until there's a real kiss. Two nights later, Dreamer told her that she and Wizard had kissed but said nothing more. Winnie already knew and was celebrating quietly. She called off the wolves and never peeked again. At Wizard and Dreamer. 
# # # # # # # #
Lucas was bored. He was aware that somebody was running an operation of some kind, but he didn't know what it was about. He wondered why he hadn't been included. Even Granny, who usually wasn't part of active operations, was involved. Lucas was crossing the compound after working out on the heavy duty sand bag when Granny had burst out of the community hall and had hobbled/ran to her house. "That's why she's so tall," he had heard her exclaim. "That changes the operation."
Lucas' dad was spending increasing amounts of his time in Edmonton. He was now part of the government's main planning committee. This month, they were studying the justice system they'd set up in Alberta and Hank had some strong opinions about that. The government business was taking up so much of his time that he was winding up the Peddler Wagon business. It wouldn't be needed much longer anyway. 
Dreamer and Wizard were doing business somewhere – they were hardly ever in the compound during the day. Winnie and her wolves were in Clearwater. Mathias was there too – training pilots for the three new big helicopters that Wanda had purchased. Wizard was going to construct real buildings for the Wilizy Dye and Cloth businesses. Their stores were going to be huge, by Alberta's standards at least. They'd need plenty of wood and Wanda would be turning on all of her saw lines. 
Doc was still heavily involved in the WZBN but he was training Theo to take his place. Doc's hands were now so sore that he couldn't use his keyboard. 
Momaka was on a business trip somewhere, so her good meals were gone. Stu was away somewhere and so his good meals were gone too. Lucas' mom was on permanent kitchen duty and was looking at Lucas far too intently for him to be safe from permanent peeling duty. Lucas decided to hang out in Surrey. If his mom couldn't find him, she couldn't put a peeler into his hand. 
# # # # # # # #
 As soon as Granny understood why Dreamer was so tall, she messaged William that she needed his help. He introduced her to the complexities of time-travel and they made a few test runs. Then they TiTr'd back to the time when Wanda's daughter had disappeared. Will and Granny watched on July 26, 2075, as Double-Tom ambushed and killed Franny and her lover – a tall thin man from the Barriere tribe. Granny had realized that somebody like this had to exist for Dreamer to have the height and build that she did. They revisited that scene a second time so that William could record the ambush, the murders, and the burials although Granny didn't know how she'd ever be able to use the videos. Then they split up. William TiTr'd back to a point where he could learn the identity of Dreamer's biological dad. Granny went forward to the present to break the news to Wanda as gently as she could. 
How do you gently break news to a mother that her daughter had been murdered? You can't. Wanda wanted to fly invisibly into the Sicamous prison that instant and kill D-T. Granny told Wanda that not only would that reveal the Wilizy's secret weapon, but it would also mean that Wanda would go to prison. "Let me handle this, Wanda," she begged.
Wanda steamed out of the kitchen, grabbed a shovel, and charged into the woods. Granny followed. Wanda was digging up a bottle of scotch from Double-Tom's secret stash when Granny took the bottle out of her hands and threw it against a tree. Wanda's tears had made her blind, but she still swung the shovel at Granny only to lose it in the process. Two big and strong women ended up fighting, falling down, getting up again, fighting and falling down in the slippery footing of the woods by D-T's stash. Well, Wanda fought; Granny held on. Eventually, Wanda ran out of anger and energy. 
"I'm the one who kills him, Granny. When it's over, I get to kill him."
Granny agreed. "But first, you are going to formally accuse D-T of murdering your daughter and Dreamer's father. That's going to put immediate pressure on Double-Tom and Stu is ready to start the operation to break him out of the prison." 

Back to the Table of Contents
Chapter 12
 
On an evening near the end of January, Momaka, Dreamer and Wizard were gathered around a table in the community hall, five large burlap sacks on the floor beside them. One sack was open and a large bowl of its contents was on the table. The three of them were snacking. On peanuts. They were tossing the empty shells into another large bowl that was now half-full. Peanuts can be addictive. 
"I don't think I've ever eaten a raw peanut before," Wizard said.
"We never had peanuts or peanut butter in Clearwater," Dreamer added. 
"They're very rare in many places in the west," Momaka explained. "You had peanut butter here in the compound only because of Hank's contacts with the military. Peanuts are very nutritious and the military go to great lengths to bring some supplies in. Even in Surrey, it's hard to find a jar of peanut butter. Peanuts in a shell, forget it."
"Where did these come from?"
"These sacks are from an Ontario farm. I have an overnight express package arriving from a farm in the southern United States tomorrow. There are a number of peanut varieties. How well each variety grows depends on soil conditions and weather conditions. Generally peanuts do well with lots of sunshine. They don't like too much water."
"Alberta weather," Wizard said. He knew why Momaka had brought them the peanuts. She was proposing a possible agricultural industry. "Growing season?"
"Plant the peanuts in May, skin and all. We could probably plant them in April because our soil is getting very warm by then. They'll be ready for harvest in four months."
"Ease of harvesting?" Dreamer asked while trying to copy Wizard's technique of eating them: Toss a peanut into your mouth one at a time without missing or choking.
"William could probably invent a machine. In the U.S., they use hand labour. That makes for extremely hard conditions for the pickers. In Ontario, they don't have easy access to pickers and have been trying some machines, but without success. Plus their soil is too heavy. The owner told me that he might give up on the idea. That would give us a monopoly in Canada as well as down the west coast of the U.S."
"You just put them in the soil and walk away?"
"Not quite. They reproduce on their own, so you don't need bees or birds to pollinate. You have to ensure there's enough space around each plant so that the plant can send off runners that burrow into the soil. Weeds around the plant are bad. So is hard clay because it stops the runners from getting into the ground. Then, let the hot sun do its job."
"How many peanuts from each plant?" Wizard – wanting to do the math. 
"Thirty to fifty."
"Number of plants possible in a square kilometer?"
"Perhaps ten thousand." 
"That's four hundred thousand peanuts in one square kilometer." Dreamer with the total. 
"Holy moly!" said Wizard. 
"We have sun year around," Momaka said. "We might be able to plant two crops."
"Holy double moly!" exclaimed Dreamer. 
 # # # # # # # #
Lucas had found flying around Surrey boring. But he didn't want to go home and peel potatoes. He didn't have enough chocolate bars left to sell them and he didn't know anybody in Surrey. He saw a group of young people standing in a circle at the edge of a field near a big building. He cruised low enough to read the name on the very old building. Fleetwood Park Secondary School. He cruised over that first group of what must be students. All were sucking on what Lucas knew were electronic cigarettes. There were other students on the fields as well. Most were gathered into small groups. Some were throwing a ball around, or kicking one. He liked the looks of the group that was clumped together away from everyone else. They were all girls. They had boobs that he could see from a distance. 
Lucas landed in some dense woods next to the school grounds, climbed over a scraggly fence made of logs, and ambled up to the girls. "Hey," he said. "Whas'up?"
 # # # # # # # #
"What's the risk?" Wizard asked Momaka.
"Sensitivity to frost."
"No problem for us."
"The peanuts mature at different rates. Not every peanut from a plant will be ripe when it's harvested."
"Call it three hundred thousand peanuts per square kilometer," Dreamer said. "That's still very, very good."
 "After harvesting, peanuts need to cure in a warm place for about four weeks."
"Alberta has plenty of warm places," Wizard observed.
"Moldy nuts are bad news. The fungus can be toxic."
"William might be able to create a mold sensor that would allow us to exclude them after picking." Again from Wizard. 
"It still sounds like an industry with low labour costs to me," Dreamer said. "Peanuts would be easier to grow and harvest than what Alberta farmers are planting now and finding difficult to sell. There's been a low demand for wheat for a long time."
"Want to hear something really good about peanuts?" Momaka teased.
"You can make a variety that can pick itself?"
"I am going to create our own variety. I believe I can take out that fungus problem. I was planning to use Melissa's favorite Coronation farm to run some field tests. But no, that's not the good news. Guess."
Dreamer started throwing empty peanut shells at Momaka when she wouldn't spill the secret. Wizard joined in until they ran out of empty shells. Wizard threatened to empty the sack of peanuts over her head. 
"Any surplus harvest can be frozen and peanuts will last over a year in that state." 
"I've died and gone to heaven," Dreamer said. 
 # # # # # # # #
Down in Surrey, Lucas thought that he had died and gone to heaven too. The girls had looked at him when he arrived, asked him his name (Lucas) and what grade he was in (home schooled). Then they ignored him and went back to their conversation. 
Lucas wasn't listening. He was thinking. They don't know me; I don't know them. I don't ever have to come back here again if I don't want to. They can't find me if they went looking. There's nobody around who can see this part of the field.
So he joined the crowd, positioned himself a little to the side of one girl who looked non-violent, and slowly and slyly put his left hand on her boob. 
She looked down at the hand and then ignored him.
"Lisa!" one of the girls said. "Can't you feel what he's doing?"
"So what. He's cute." 
Lucas gave them his most winning smile and tried to look non-threatening. A difficult task for somebody who was as thick in the chest as he was now. 
Lisa went on talking and sucking on a piece of electronics. "OK, that's enough. Take your hand of my boob, Lucas."
Lucas did but slid into position behind a second girl. Once again he gave them a hand with their conversation.
Since the pack leader had declared her acceptance of Lucas' strange way of communicating, the second girl tolerated him for a minute or two. Then she said, "Take your hand off my boob, Lucas."
Lucas made it halfway around the circle before a girl put her arms across her chest. He simply went on to the next girl. By the time a buzzer had sounded, he had achieved eight "Take your hand of my boob" instructions, one crossed arm rejection, and one snarly "In your dreams, jerk!" He was planning to go around the circle again when the girls drifted off towards an open door, ignoring him completely.
 # # # # # # # #
"Processing?" Wizard asked Momaka.
"Leave them in the shell for best storage. Refrigerate them or put them in a dark dry place. They'll last up to six months and you can still sell them. Or you can roast them and sell them that way. However, shelling them would take some machines." 
"One building, one or two assembly lines for roasting, one or two assembly lines for shelling," Dreamer said. 
"One very large refrigerated building," Wizard added. "Are the shells useful?"
"Farmers can use them for compost or they can crush them for mulch." Momaka had all the answers. 
"Peanut butter manufacturing?"
"Start with the same processes of shelling and roasting used earlier. Afterwards, take roasted peanuts and grind them into a paste. Add salt or sugar for flavour. It's not as simple as that, but there's no reason that you can't have a building that shells the peanuts, a building where the skins are removed, a building for roasting, a building for grinding, and so on." 
"Percentage of population that might be interested?"
"I can't say. Peanuts are very high in protein, fiber, healthy fats, and minerals. They're not nuts, they're actually vegetables. No reason that they couldn't be an important part of everybody's diet, especially if priced right. You can also manufacture peanut oil for cooking. They are also used in desserts, especially chocolate desserts."
Momaka had saved the magic word for last. Chocolate. Wizard wanted to sell chocolate desserts and candies. Momaka's proposal was now all but approved.
"Dreamer and I should probably talk with the farmer in Ontario."
"Try the one in southern Georgia instead. His crop is already in the ground."
 # # # # # # # #
"Lucas."
Lucas turned around. A girl was sitting on the log fence next to the woods. He hadn't noticed her before. She had probably seen the whole thing. 
"Come here," she said. 
Lucas shrugged. No harm in it. He looked her over as he approached. Blond curly hair down to her shoulders; pink sweater of some kind with a big curly capital C on it in red. Red skirt, red belt, and red shoes. She looked nice. She wasn't sucking on a nicotine plug at least. As he got closer, he could see that she was a little older than the girls he had already met. The nails on her hands were manicured and they were painted red too. She had boobs too. Actually, those were the first things that Lucas had noted. I'm putting them last in the physical description so you won't become tired of hearing how Lucas' mind was working these months. 
"You probably won't get away with that again. Those girls won't want news spreading about what they let you do."
"S'alright. One time is good."
"Never try to do that where a boyfriend might see. A boyfriend will feel it necessary to slap you around."
"OK. Thanks. What's your name?"
"Candi with an i."
"Hi. Lucas with an L."
"I heard."
"You go to school here?"
"No. I'm a tutor. I help students learn things. I give one-on-one classes." 
"What'cha teach?"
"Science. Like the plants in a forest. I take my pupils on field trips into the woods. That's better than reading books in a classroom."
"How old do you have to be to teach?"
"I'm twenty-two," she said. 
"Do you have many students?"
"Enough. I have a little rush of business at noon and after school. Nothing right now, as you can see."
Lucas fumbled into his backpack and found a chocolate bar. He pulled it out, peeled the wrapping off it, and took a bite. 
"Do you have another one of those?"
"Yeah. I usually make my brothers buy them."
"How much for one chocolate bar?"
Lucas had to think. For his brothers, he'd probably ask for a quarter. But Candi was nice and she had warned him about the boyfriends. "Nickel," he said.
"I'll let you put your hand on one of my boobs instead."
"Done."

Back to the Table of Contents
Chapter 13

It was the first week of February before Lucas could return to the Surrey school. Candi had said that he would have to bring money next time. She didn't like chocolate bars all that much; she also told him to wash his hands before he came because she only had one good sweater. 
Lucas saw her sitting on the fence next to the woods, landed, and came up from behind her. "Hey."
"Hi Lucas. I thought you had forgotten about me."
"No. I had to work for my Dad to earn some money. It took a while. We don't have much money around." He fished in his pocket for the nickel and showed it to her.
"A nickel? That's kind of insulting, isn't it?"
Lucas was confused. Last time, he had given her a chocolate bar worth a nickel and she had been happy enough to get it. "That's all I earned."
Candi had to re-think. She saw that Lucas appeared to be heartbroken. And he had had to work for his nickel. The boys in this school had money handed to them as rewards for simple things like brushing their teeth. That was the reason she was tutoring here. "OK. A nickel this time. But only for a few minutes. Next time, bring me more money."
Candi gave Lucas a full five minutes. She even let him change hands and boobs. When she heard the buzzer and saw a lanky teenager heading towards her, she pushed Lucas' hand away and warned him. "I gotta go now. One of my students is coming. He has an exam tomorrow and needs my help to study. You have to get lost. Stay out of the woods. He won't like being interrupted. Private lesson, you know."
So Lucas went in the opposite direction and passed the student on the way. He seemed like a keen learner. He was almost running. Getting tutored must be more interesting than home schooling. 
 # # # # # # # #
Double-Tom's stint in the prison cooler lasted into February. The morning after his new cellmate had arrived, four guards had arrived at the cell, chained him, and walked him to the solitary confinement unit. They deposited him not too gently into the tiny cubicle and refused to tell him why he was being put there. 
 When the same four guards reappeared on February 6th, they brought him back to his old cell. "No, No, No," Stu said to the head guard. "I distinctly said that he wasn't to be returned here." From that point, Double-Tom couldn't hear the quiet conversation going on between the head guard and the Japanese crime man. But he did hear the head guard calling him "Mr. Stu" and he was clearly trying to please him.
Double-Tom was more interested in his old cell. Gone were the bunk beds with their flimsy mattresses. In their place was a comfy looking single bed placed against the back wall. The bed came complete with a canvas canopy that at night would block out most of the light from the overhead lamps that were always on. The toilet was now enclosed inside a folding bamboo Japanese screen. In the middle of the cell was a heavy-duty table with a comfy executive swivel chair behind it. This was where Mr. Stu had been sitting before he started complaining about his unexpected visitor. The table was covered with papers that had a whole bunch of words on them. 
The cells to the right and to the left were empty and showed no signs of recent occupancy. Instead, each contained a high bookcase with five shelves that held some very big books. Mr. Stu could access these bookshelves simply by putting his hand through the bars. They had been custom-made to place the bottom of the books precisely at the same level as the bottom of the cell's horizontal bars. The three cells facing Mr. Stu's office were empty and showed no signs of recent occupancy either. 
Double-Tom heard the end of the discussion. "We had no other alternative, Mr. Stu. The warden had to put three prisoners into a single cell last night. We'll try to move him soon."
"At least put him in a cell next to me. That way I don't have to look at him."
And that's how it was done. 
 # # # # # # # #
Due to his lengthy stay in solitary, Double-Tom had lost his old cushy job and was assigned to sweep the floors in the visitor area of the jail. This is where prisoners and their lawyers would meet. It was a large open area on the ground floor with tables and chairs arranged for maximum privacy considering the guests were inside a maximum-security prison. Visitors were searched before they entered the prison. Guards were stationed around the outside walls to maintain order, but they didn't begrudge prisoners holding hands with their spouses and children. During visiting hours, Double-Tom mopped the floors around the outside of the visiting room. After visiting hours, he cleaned up the room itself, emptied wastebaskets, washed the tables, and washed and waxed the floor. 
It was to this exact visiting room that Double-Tom himself was brought one week after his return to normal prison life. A man was waiting for him behind one of the tables. He was young. Aboriginal. New shiny suit. Brown leather briefcase. Briefcases walked into this prison with lawyers attached to them. 
The young man's first nervous words were: "A serious charge has been brought against you by a Mrs. Wanda George of Clearwater. She claims that you murdered her daughter, who was your wife Frances, in 2075. She also claims that you murdered her daughter's friend. She has given the prosecutor the exact day and time that these murders allegedly happened. She says there was a witness."
I saw no witness! Japanese crime man still getting back at me?
"I have been assigned to defend you." The lawyer pulled out a legal pad. "You should tell me everything you can that will allow me to prove your innocence. I should tell you that murder is a capital crime and a prosecutor can bring an alleged murderer to trial at any time provided he has sufficient evidence."
D-T gave the lawyer all the details that he could remember. He was down in Surrey with his buddies and came home to find his dear wife missing and presumed dead. His buddies could testify how broken up Double-Tom had been. That should be sufficient. Two witnesses for the defense, one witness for the prosecutor and that witness was just a fake to try and pressure him. Still, Double-Tom had the distinct feeling that he might be in trouble here. The lawyer they had saddled him with had admitted that he had never defended a single court case although he had attended some trials. Meek as a sheep was lawyer Wolf.
# # # # # # # #
Double-Tom confronted Mr. Stu the second the guards left them alone in their cells. "Are you setting me up for murder because I didn't give you the bottom bunk?" 
"I don't know what you're talking about." 
D-T told him what had happened, emphasizing that he was completely innocent but had been given a teenage lawyer.
"I need some details about when and where these alleged murders took place," Mr. Stu said. He pulled out a legal pad, asked some questions, and wrote down Double-Tom's answers. Mr. Stu went to his bookshelves, found the book he was looking for, flipped through some pages, came back to his table, wrote on a notepad, tore off the page, and passed it through the bars. 
"This crime was allegedly committed in the Aboriginal Nation. Like B.C., they can bring an accused murderer to trial any time. An alleged killer cannot hide behind any statute of limitations. But unlike B.C., the Aboriginal Nation considers that anybody who has been missing for more than seven years can be declared legally dead. Have your lawyer check to see if anybody has filed a missing person report on either of these two people. Also have him check if anybody has submitted a request to the court for the missing person to be declared dead. If so, you can't be convicted of murdering a person who is now officially dead. I've written down a case number which your lawyer can use as a precedent."
"Is this going to get me off?"
"Perhaps, perhaps not. It will depend on how aggressive the prosecutor is and how badly your ex-mother-in-law wants you dead. But it will delay your trial."
"Are you a lawyer?"
"Oh, yeah."
# # # # # # # #
Double-Tom was on cleanup duty the day that a Japanese lady met with Mr. Stu in the visitor hall. Mr. Stu went to the very back of the room and sat down with his back to the wall. The lady sat opposite him, put a briefcase on the table, and opened it. The little aboriginal girl that had accompanied the lawyer lady sat next to Mr. Stu. Pretty thing. Hair done up in two black pigtails. Short orange skirt. Tight sleeveless orange T-shirt. Double-Tom started sweeping the floor near the back of the visitor hall. The high windows forming that room gave him a clear look at the table where Mr. Stu was talking with his lawyer. From his location sweeping the floor, Double-Tom could clearly see that the little girl was holding Mr. Stu's hand under the table. She was six years old at best. 
The meeting took about half an hour. The lady lawyer was obviously taking directions from Mr. Stu who handed her a folder full of papers that he had brought with him from his cell. At one point, she handed over a formal document of her own. He took it but did not open it. As the lady lawyer and her little friend left, Mr. Stu ripped the document in two and threw it into the nearest wastebasket. The little girl looked at Double-Tom as she passed. Double-Tom returned the look and slipped into one of his favorite daydreams. 
# # # # # # # #
Dreamer and Wizard had finally made it down to southern Georgia to talk to the peanut farmer. He confirmed all that they had learned from Momaka and from other research they had done on their own. He was even willing to sell them some of his peanuts for seed stock. Wizard wanted more sacks of peanuts so that they could find out how easy they were to use for food preparation and desserts. Especially desserts. He gave the farmer a medium-sized order. The farmer suggested that they look over his current crop and he gave them directions to a mature field. Meanwhile, he'd fill Wizard's order from the peanuts in his freezer. 
They could have used the rented copter that they had come in, but Dreamer suggested that they sling there. The farm was deserted. So they did. They flew over the first ridge, past fields that were bare soil, and over a second ridge. When Dreamer saw the field of yellow flowers, she panicked and drove her sling into the ground. 

Back to the Table of Contents
Chapter 14

Momaka couldn't clean the dripping vomit off Winnie's clothes while she was standing on the prison tarmac, so she bundled her up in her arms, slipped between two empty copter transports, shimmered into invisibility, and whipped home with only the one sling to carry the double weight. She mind-messaged Yolanda that Winnie had become violently ill the second she had emerged from the prison. 
Momaka carried Winnie into her bathroom, placed her under the shower, turned the water on, adjusted the temperature, and closed the curtain. "Rinse that stuff off your clothes, undress, and throw everything out here. Turn the water as hot as you can stand. Your mom will be here soon."
Winnie did as she was told although she was still dazed from what had happened. One second she had been leaving the prison; the next second she had been convulsing everything she had eaten that day into the air around her. "I'm alright now, Momaka."
"Stay in the shower, Winnie." 
Yolanda arrived. "I'm here, Winnie," and she opened the curtain. Momaka left the room. 
You can stay, Momaka. 
Best for you to be alone with Winnie, Yolanda. I'll be outside if you need me.
What happened? All Winnie had to do was hold Stu's hand.
She was fine inside; she began projectile vomiting as soon as she got outside.
Why?
Double-Tom was pretending to work behind us. He would have looked at her. She may have looked at him.
She's shivering in a steaming shower.
Get her dry, dressed, and into bed. I'll be back. 
 # # # # # # # #
Momaka returned with a small flat case, knocked on the bedroom door, and entered when Yolanda told her to come in. Is she still shivering?
Yes. Her eyes are closed. Her hands are in tight fists. 
She's locked into a dream. I need to see Winnie's bare back. While Yolanda was turning Winnie over and raising her top, Momaka opened up the case and placed it on the bed. It held dozens of long narrow needles. Soon, Momaka had inserted the needles into Winnie's body and Momaka was manipulating them, one at a time. "Acupuncture," she said in case Yolanda didn't know. "We should talk out loud so that Winnie can hear our voices."
"She can't feel the needles?"
"She feels nothing. Such a dream will consume her but I can relax her and put her into a deep sleep."
 A few minutes later, Winnie stopped shivering, rolled over onto her side, and began to breathe deeply. "You should climb into bed with her, Yolanda. The dream is gone but she needs the comfort of knowing you're near."
Yolanda curled up behind Winnie, hand stroking her hair. Meanwhile Momaka went through Winnie's closet and drawers, pulling out anything orange. She bundled those with all of the clothes Winnie had worn to the prison. "Try singing to her. Something soft. Something she'd remember from her childhood. You'll need to stay the night with her, Yolanda. Stay close enough that she can feel your presence while she sleeps. Message me if she starts to shiver again."
 Hank was outside the bedroom when Momaka emerged with the bundle of clothes. He asked if he could go in. "No male smell in the bedroom," Momaka decreed.
 # # # # # # # #
Winnie woke the next morning to find her mom sleeping beside her. She started to roll out of bed and that roused Yolanda who immediately messaged Momaka. 
"Where's Patella?" Winnie asked her mom. "I have a headache!"
Winnie ended up in the living room between two wolf blankets. They had tried Will's new visor but that hadn't worked. 
"The visor only stops the noise from outside getting into my head," Winnie explained. "What's already inside my head is what's hurting me."
"What's ins..." Yolanda started to ask but stopped when Momaka coughed softly.
The headaches continued through breakfast and lunch. They didn't become worse, but they didn't get better either. Physically Winnie could eat, but she wasn't interested. She managed a cup of soup when Momaka insisted she try a few sips. Physically, Winnie could talk, but she chose not to. 
Late in the afternoon during Momaka's shift, Winnie said. "Double-Tom is inside my head. I can't get him out."
"You'll have to kill him," Momaka said. "I'll show you how."
 # # # # # # # #
Granny gave them thirty copies of a picture of Double-Tom standing at the front of his cell. Yolanda found three of Hank's old shirts and jeans in his barter barrel. She also liberated quite a supply of old clothes that were never going to be useful to anybody. Yolanda and Momaka helped Winnie make three scarecrow bodies out of Hank's clothes and used the other liberated hand-me-downs for the stuffing. The head of each scarecrow was a bunched up scraggly sweater with a picture of Double-Tom fastened to the front. Momaka attached Double-Tom's remaining twenty-seven faces to trees while her mother helped Winnie dress for battle. They gave Winnie her bow, an ample supply of arrows, and a scouting report. "Twenty-seven Double-Toms are hiding in the woods. Ignore the scarecrows for now. Find him and kill him."
Winnie was in camouflage clothes, an eagle feather through each of her two pigtails, and her face in black and red war paint. The two wolves had an eagle feather fastened through the ruff of their neck fur. They also were in war paint, although in their case, it was white paint. Yolanda and Momaka watched as Winnie entered the woods and began her crawl. Patella and Scapula separated and began their own stalk. 
About two hours later, Yolanda and Momaka heard the howls of two adult wolves and a baby wolf echoing through the valley. Victory calls. Momaka picked up a bag that clinked, and she and Yolanda went to the clearing where the scarecrows and the hunters awaited. 
"This one is for Scapula," Momaka said and pointed to the scarecrow on the left. "That one is for Patella. Winnie, the middle one is yours. Use this sack of weapons to kill the man who invaded your mind. Keep using the weapons until you are no longer angry or frightened." She emptied the contents of the bag onto the ground and she and Yolanda shimmered out of sight back to the compound. 
"The image of the man was fixed in her head," Momaka said to Yolanda. "So in her head, she is now removing him permanently. This ritual cleansing should also release all of her anger and her fear. We got to her quickly and she had only a tiny exposure to the evil. She should be fine tomorrow." 
"How did you know what to... " Yolanda started to ask an empty room. 
 # # # # # # # #
I'll skip forward in time so that you'll know how this turned out. After the hunt, Winnie returned to her bedroom, scrubbed off her make-up, changed her clothes, and went out for a fly. The wolves joined her but wanted to keep the feathers and war paint. Winnie seemed fine and although Yolanda had been prepared to keep her under close watch for a week, she didn't need to. "I only looked at him for a couple of seconds," Winnie would tell her mom later. "He started to imagine what he was going to do to me and I turned away. We can't let this man get out of prison, Mom."
About a month after this incident, Yolanda invited Momaka over for tea. Momaka arrived to find a complete antique Japanese tea service arrayed on the dining room table. "For you," Yolanda said simply. 
"This is very old," Momaka said. "Wherever did you find it?"
"In a rubbish bin in Tokyo."
"My service was destroyed," Momaka said softly. "It was only an everyday service, but I've missed it. Thank you." And she bowed in thanks. Yolanda returned the bow, also in thanks. 
The two women talked together the whole afternoon. Only snippets of that conversation have ever emerged. 

Back to the Table of Contents
Chapter 15

Back to present time now. Previously you saw Winnie and Momaka visit Stu in prison and now you know what came of that. I haven't been able to tell you yet what happened after Wizard and Dreamer took their trip to Georgia to visit the peanut farm. When Dreamer saw the field of yellow flowers, she recognized that she was living the dream that was at the front of her queue. That meant that the next dream to come true would be when Double-Tom killed her. She panicked, tried to fly away, but drove her sling into the ground instead. 
Wizard was beside her immediately. Dreamer was dazed and scratched, but otherwise unharmed. At least physically. Her sling was torn and unworkable. Wiz made sure that she'd be OK by herself for a brief time, went to the farmer, told him that he and his girlfriend had an emergency, and they had to leave now. They were definitely interested in his peanuts and the farmer would hear from them. He took the rental copter to where Dreamer was waiting, bundled her up, returned the copter to the rental company, and headed to the Wilizy's satellite compound in a single sling. He knew that Dreamer had enjoyed her stay there at Christmas, and being with Mac, Yollie, and Melissa might be best for her. Wizard mind-messaged Granny and Wanda what had happened. 
Wizard stayed with Dreamer at the satellite compound for a couple of days, but when Dreamer said that she wouldn't mind if he returned to work, he left. Dreamer spent most of her time taking care of the babies. She also helped William prepare supper and got to know him a bit. He tried to joke with her but she didn't react. She just smiled at him and returned to her chopping. She was, effectively, dream walking. Going through the day-to-day motions of living, but not really being there. 
The moms tried to help her with baby-talking, but she didn't want to. "I'm going to die soon," Dreamer would say. "What's the point?" 
"Stu is in the prison cell right next to Double-Tom," Melissa told her. "Double-Tom is not going to escape. He can't harm you. We're going to protect you."
"My dreams always come true, Melissa. Plus, I always have more than one dream in my mind. But I have no more dreams waiting in that queue. In my last dream, everything goes black. That means that there'll be no more me."
To that, they had no answer. Melissa told Wizard he should come back. She also told Granny what was happening and suggested that they needed to speed up the operation's timetable. Granny said that she'd have to confer with Stu since he was running the operation. 
 # # # # # # # #
"Are you sure you can't speed up the operation?" Yolanda asked her mother. She had told Granny about D-T's effect on Winnie. Granny and Wanda had already discussed what had happened in Georgia and how Dreamer had concluded that she would die soon. Understandably, Wanda wanted to kill D-T immediately. Yesterday was preferable, if Granny could swing it. Now Granny had Yolanda putting pressure on her too. 
"We can't speed it up without jeopardizing the whole plan," Granny told Yolanda. "Stu's having enough difficulty hiding from the inmates who know him. If they see him, his cover is gone immediately. That's why he's supposedly working in the guards' mess. That's why all of the cells around him are empty."
"Can we take out some steps?"
"Stu looked at that. It would be difficult. Double-Tom has to come to Stu for help and reveal himself for what he is. He has to believe that Stu is what he's pretending to be. This is going to take time. Double-Tom has been hiding his true self for his entire life; he won't suddenly admit to being what he is."
"You can't speed it up even a bit?"
"Stu has already done that. Wolf will tell D-T that Stu's legal dodge isn't going to work sooner than we had planned. Stu has also scheduled Doc into action sooner. That's all he can do without jeopardizing the operation, Yolanda. What about Dreamer's end? Can Melissa help her?"
In the end, Yolanda and Granny worked out a plan. Somebody, perhaps Melissa, would tell Dreamer that D-T wasn't her real father. Eventually Dreamer was going to learn that. Perhaps knowing now might help her. Also Melissa would remind Dreamer that she doesn't see dreams of all the good things that happen to her. Perhaps there's a good dream that she doesn't know about yet. One in which Double-Tom confesses to his crimes on a live camera feed. 
 # # # # # # # #
Life returned to normal. Sort of. Wanda herself was dream-walking through her daily life with a huge mass of unexploded anger. To cope, she decided to concentrate on her work. The Clearwater mill couldn't handle the new demands for lumber. She'd expand. An old sawmill was still standing outside Hinton, Alberta. Their lumber would be much closer to Alberta's urban areas than Clearwater's. She'd take a little trip and see if the mill could be made functional and if the tribe were interested in it becoming part of the Clearwater company. 
Dreamer returned to the main compound. She tried to focus her mind on establishing a chocolate industry. Not growing chocolate. Using it. She said that she'd try to look for potential sites for a production facility. Dreamer did try, but she didn't accomplish anything. 
Melissa had told Dreamer some of Stu's plan to deal with Double-Tom. She had also suggested to her when this was all done, some evidence might reveal that Double-Tom wasn't her real father after all. Their builds weren't anything the same. Dreamer heard her but didn't take much notice. "I kind of figured that out already. Knowing it for sure would mean I could hate him without feeling guilty. I guess I'm illegitimate. I always knew that I was different." 
Wizard started working on plans for the peanut industry. Where would they grow them? Where would they process them? What kind of financial model would they have with Alberta? 
Stu reported that he wasn't doing much of anything while he was hiding in the guards' mess. He could develop some chocolate delicacies. He'd add in peanut variations too. With the help of the warden, Stu began receiving weekly shipments of chocolate and peanuts. Initially Stu tested his experiments on the guards. 
 Wizard and Dreamer still hung around together, but there was no spark between them. Dreamer was not interested even in holding hands. Nor did she want to study the business bot. "What's the point?" she'd say when Wizard tried to encourage that. She'd still come to the community hall with Wizard when he studied. However he did that alone. Dreamer would put a pillow on Wiz's knees, curl up, and go to sleep. When Wiz was finished, he'd wake her up, they'd walk to Winnie's room, and Dreamer would go back to sleep. She was sleeping twelve hours a day, but complaining of being too tired to even come to the dinner table. Yolanda insisted, but Dreamer was into dream-eating now. She'd eat with them, but couldn't remember what she ate an hour later. 
 # # # # # # # #
Yolanda and Hank were cleaning weapons in an underground bunker and talking about the family. Winnie, Dreamer and Wizard were high on their list of concerns. Wanda too. Then they moved on. 
"How long before Stu wraps up his operation?"
"Three months at best," Yolanda said. "Stu can't make D-T trust him; he has to pull him in slowly."
"Is Granny handling the liaison OK?"
"Definitely. Plus she's working on an independent project that is consuming much of her time. I haven't seen her this determined, or invested into a project, for ... well, forever I think."
"She was like this when we were killing Zzyk's bikers. Fire in her belly; ice in her head."
"Good description. That's exactly how she is now. Doc says that she's a different person; he loves this person even more than the other one."
"His arthritis?" Hank asked. 
"Worse. We should hire a permanent assistant to handle all of his paperwork. Theo doesn't want to do it and it's not fair to pressure him. This is not what he wants to do for his future."
"What does he want to do?"
"All he knows is that he doesn't want to be working inside a building."
"I have a piece of good news," Hank announced. 
"We could use some of that. What?"
"Lucas came to me. He wants to apply for a job at the Wilizy store in Calgary."
"Interesting. Doing what?"
"Construction on the new Cloth and Dye building. He'd be good at that."
"He's certainly bad at sitting around doing nothing. Did I tell you that he was hiding from me in the afternoons so that he wouldn't have to help with supper? I was not impressed."
"Difficult time for him right now. All those hormones. I see him pounding on the bag. Sexual frustration, perhaps. At least that's how it was for me. He's been snarly with everybody. I haven't been impressed either."
"We could speak with the project manager."
"I offered to do that. Lucas said that he wanted to win the job on his own."
"That is good news."
"I have more. I asked him what he was going to do with the money he earned."
"Chocolate bar wholesaling?"
"No. He knows a teacher down in Surrey who gives courses on science. The ecology of the forest, I gathered. He didn't say it directly, but I believe he wants to take some lessons from her."
"That is good news."
"Big classes? Small classes?"
"Small. He said something about her tutoring her students."
"Good. Lucas is smart enough when he puts his mind to it. Perhaps she can get him thinking about something other than sex."

Back to the Table of Contents
Chapter 16

It was the beginning of March when Winnie wandered into Momaka's garden patch and asked, "What'cha doing?"
"Tending to my hybrids. I'm trying to determine if these peanut plants would be more resistant to mold than the more common peanut plant. What about you?" 
"I was reading through Wizard's third bot on business management and it was getting kind of boring. So I scanned through some of the fourth bot. I'm not going to read any more of them. They're all about making money. I don't want to grow up to be one of those kind of people."
"You're deciding what you want to be when you're older?"
"Sure. Lucas might become a construction guy; Theo wants to work outside; Wiz is going to be in business. I had thought that I could be a vet or a doctor. But that got kind of boring too. Once you know where all the systems in the human body go and how they work together, it's not as interesting anymore. But I do like fixing people's hurts. I might look at how brains work. That might be interesting."
"What about making brand new plants? Would that be interesting to you?"
"Plants that are entirely different from anything ever seen before?"
"Yes. Like the peanut plant I'm making."
"Kind of boring. A peanut is just something to eat."
"I'm making a brand new tree too. Would you be interested in something like that?"
"Where is it?"
"Over here."
 # # # # # # # #
Momaka showed Winnie her project and explained how it was possible for botanists to make brand new species. Sort of like how moms and dads make babies, but with plants instead. 
"So you've taken a Japanese tree with pink flowers and it sort of had sex with a North American tree with white flowers. Does that mean the baby tree will have pink flowers?" 
"Perhaps. Or some of the trees might have white while others might have red; some might have both. I won't know until I've created a number of the trees."
"Does that really matter? If a tree has pink, or red, or white flowers?"
"I don't care about the colour of the flower. I'm creating the new tree because the North American tree is almost extinct. It requires more water than our weather can give it. The Japanese tree is tolerant of drought. It can grow in our climate. If my hybrid works, we'll have beautiful flowering trees in our forests again."
"But won't you have to wait years to see if the new baby tree will look like you hope it will? And won't you have to wait even more years to see if that tree can mate with another tree of the same kind and have baby trees?"
"Yes, of course. It will take many years. I might not be alive to see what happens."
"If I decided to make babies, I'd want to be alive to see them."
"We don't always get the life that we wish for."
 # # # # # # # #
"Wolves are very stubborn, you know." Winnie was sitting cross-legged on the ground, drawing interconnected circles in the soil with her forefinger and then erasing them with her palm. Momaka was putting drops of something on the leaves of the peanut plants. 
"No, I didn't know that. Is Patella stubborn?"
"She was very stubborn when she insisted that she was going to have babies. She nagged me and nagged me about that. So we picked out a father when we were up in the Yukon fighting against the Alaskans. I said that she couldn't just mate with the first wolf that came by, which is what she wanted to do. I said that she should be picky; you know, look him over first. Think about what kind of babies the two of them would have. So we flew around looking at the wolf packs and we both agreed on a big black sire. Then we had to go back to the compound until she was ready to have sex. Patella became very angry with me when I said that I couldn't go the minute she asked. She said that she'd go on her own. So I went up with her, we found the sire, she told me to get lost, and I did. She's angry at me again."
"About what?"
"She said that Scapula thinks that hunting is all about chewing on stuffed clothes now because of what we did to the scarecrows. So she's gone back to the Yukon with Scapula and is going to teach her how wolves really hunt."
"They flew up on their own?"
"Sure. Wolves have an excellent sense of direction."
"So now you're bored."
"Yeah, I kind of miss her."
 # # # # # # # #
"Why do you have a crane in your head, Momaka?"
"That's the image I think about a lot. It helps me to be calm, to be patient and to be content with my life."
"A crane is like that?"
"A crane stands motionless in the water and waits and waits. When a fish swims by, the crane strikes quickly and without warning. I like cranes."
"Do you put her in your head all the time?"
"I put her there when you came by. I figured you'd be peeking in."
"Sorry. I couldn't help wondering who you are."
"You don't want to peek into my mind, Little Gem. You wouldn't like what you found there."
"You know when I'm peeking?"
"It's not nice to peek into people's minds, Winnie."
"I know. It's just that..."
"You're bored."
 # # # # # # # #
"Can I see those needles that you stuck in me? Mom told me that you helped me get better. I don't think that I thanked you enough."
"You did. When you hugged me that next day. I'll get the needles."
[We'll skip through the lesson that Momaka gave Winnie on acupuncture points. When Winnie explained it to me, I have to admit that it went way over my head.] 
Momaka inserted a needle into Winnie's forearm and manipulated it.
"I don't feel a thing."
"Sometimes it can be painful. Most of the time, I can insert a needle so that you wouldn't know."
"Do that. In my back where I can't see you working." Winnie whipped off her T-shirt and lay down face first on the grass.
 # # # # # # # #
"How many needles have you put in now?"
"Fifteen."
"I don't feel any of them."
"I'm going to spin one of them. Tell me if you feel anything."
"I have a tingling in my left big toe. You have a needle through my shoes?"
"No. They're all in your back."
"Can I put one in?"
"Yes, of course."
Momaka took all the needles out of Winnie's back and placed them in a tray for sterilization later. Winnie sat up, and was going to start on Momaka's arm with a new needle right away, but Momaka told her that she should put her top on first. 
"But you're a girl too," Winnie said.
"I'm an older woman," Momaka corrected. "A woman that is almost a stranger to you. Sexual predators can come in both genders. You should never be partially undressed near any stranger."
"But I know you. I saw your crane."
"Look there now."
"Whoa! What does that thing do when it's not scaring little girls?"
"It minds its own business is what it does."
"Seriously? What is that thing?"
"Seriously. Stay out of my head! And put your top on."
 # # # # # # # #
Winnie learned several places where the needle could be inserted that would create interesting effects.
"Some of these are the same places where I put my fingers when I'm healing," Winnie said. 
"That would make sense. You use your fingers somehow to heal. I use needles. We might be using the same process."
"Can I put some needles into your back?"
"No. Not there. But you can learn about the hand."
 # # # # # # # #
"Still bored?"
"No. Do you have a study bot that I can borrow?"
"Yes, I do and you may."
"Momaka, does your bot explain what would happen if you put a bunch of needles in, connected their tops up so that they were all linked together, and then passed a little electrical energy through them all?"
"No. It doesn't have anything like that at all. I don't believe anybody has ever done that. It could be dangerous. It could fry your eyeballs."
 # # # # # # # #
While Winnie was learning about acupressure points in her hands, Double-Tom and Mr. Stu were standing at the front of their cells waiting to be released for supper. Mr. Stu had asked D-T how his young lawyer had fared with his argument about the murdered people being already declared dead.
"The ruling came back way earlier than the wolf-boy had expected. Nobody had filed a missing persons report either at the time they disappeared or at the end of seven years. The judge ruled that capital crimes outweighed that law anyway. The prosecutor had two precedents that would give them a slam dunk, at least as far as my lawyer was concerned."
"Did he tell you what those precedents were?"
"Something about a Lewis and another about a Paulson? I wasn't paying much attention."
"You should start paying attention. Those cases are very obscure. Somebody is going to considerable work to drag you into a courtroom."
"Their witness is a fake."
"That doesn't mean you won't be convicted. Do you know who is going to prosecute your case?"
"No."
"Did you ask?"
"No. Why?"
"Because knowing who is prosecuting your case might give you some hope, for example if he has a secret that he's hiding."
"I'll ask the teenage werewolf next time I see him." 
"How's your agility?"
"Good. Why?"
"I was just wondering how easily you can bend over and kiss your ass goodbye. That's what you'll be doing."
"Do you have anything else up your sleeve?"
"Not on the little bit you told me about the alleged murders."
"I wasn't there. I'm completely innocent."
"You should stick with that. It'll work." 
# # # # # # # #
They were back from dinner. D-T had come back from one direction, Mr. Stu from the other.
"How come you don't eat in the mess hall?"
"They don't want me fraternizing with the prisoners. They're afraid that if prisoners find out I'm a good lawyer, they'll soon be lining up at the gates waiting to receive their pardon and leave."
"You're that good?"
"The Japanese believe so. It's why they've never had to spend a day in jail."
"But here you are."
"The case is against me personally. The province is trying to force me to incriminate my bosses. It's not going to work."
"What did you do?"
"Nothing. I'm completely innocent."
# # # # # # # #
"Where do you eat that gives you goodies for dessert?" D-T was watching Mr. Stu scarf down delicious looking chocolate-covered desserts. 
"Prison guards' mess. I sit in their kitchen for my meals."
"Is the food good?"
"Excellent meals. These desserts are even better. I'm allowed to finish off whatever is left. Usually there aren't any leftovers."
"Their cook is that good?"
"Yes, I am."
"That's your job?"
"Lunch and dinner. They keep me cooking in their mess all day long."
"Did you ever think about adding a little something to their food? Just a mild case of food poisoning?"
"They thought of that. They make sure that I eat the same food."
"How much longer are you here for?"
"A month? Two? I'll be gone long before they fry your eyeballs."
# # # # # # # #
"That Japanese lady who visited you a month ago – is she your lawyer?"
"My assistant. She's not a lawyer. I use her to pass messages and do a little shopping for me. She's good at that."
"I saw you sitting with that little aboriginal girl."
"Winnie. My niece. Sweet girl."
"Does she hold your hand often?"
"She was trying to cheer me up. She was concerned about her Uncle Stu."

Back to the Table of Contents
Chapter 17

It was the first week of March, and Dreamer and Wizard were visiting the satellite compound. William had told Wizard that he might have some good news to share this evening and why didn't Wizard and Dreamer come down and help them celebrate? 
It was four o'clock and Mac had started preparing the supper meal. Usually the men were back by then and dinner meals were their job. But Mac knew that they were finishing an experiment and didn't mind. With Dreamer in the compound, they had lots of people to help take care of the babies. Wizard and I were playing 52-Card Find Me and he was losing badly. This is the game where all the cards in a deck are placed face down on the floor. A player gets to turn over one card and then tries to turn over another card that had the same number or royal person on it. If she could pair them up, she got to keep both cards. Wizard may have been letting me win, but I didn't think so at the time because he was getting kind of red in the face. I told you that I had a good memory.
We heard a bunch of clanging noises and the men burst through the door. Wolf was banging two sheets of titanium together and William and my dad began making wolf howls into the air. "We did it!" William screamed, pulled Melissa into his arms, and actually threw her into the air. He turned around a full circle while she spun her way down back into his arms. Wolf was holding Mac high in the air and she was raining kisses down on him. My dad was hugging my mom but not as hard as the others were hugging since she was pregnant. Then they all started jumping up and down and the air got blue.
I don't know what it's like in the society that you live in, but in my experience, teenagers curse frequently. Not always in anger; sometimes in pure ecstasy. All six of the people jumping up and down in joy were teenagers. Need I say more? I remember turning on my pinky-ring camera when they started. We had a swear jar in the kitchen, and if people swore, they had to put a piece of paper with their name on it into the jar. When it came time to do some nasty chore, somebody would draw a slip from the swear jar. If no slips of paper were in the jar, they'd make me do the job. With the number of swear words I was recording, I wouldn't be doing any nasty chores for a long, long time.
I think they were trying to teach me that swearing was bad. It didn't work. I'm in my eighties now and do appreciate that there's a time for exuberant transgressions into utter vulgarity. I'm going to write down exactly what I recorded so that you can appreciate how happy everybody was. 
[Censor's Note: Five paragraphs have been deleted for reasons of vulgarity. Citizens reading this book are cautioned that this author has shown a disdain for public order in the past and you are advised not to encourage her in her lawlessness by downloading any more of her books.]
 # # # # # # # #
"Let's see it," Mac said.
So they all sat at the kitchen table while Mac hurriedly turned off all the cooking. The men just sat in their chairs – pretending to examine the spacing of the little holes in the ceiling tiles.
"Who has it?"
"Guess," William said.
The moms huddled. 
"Sweetie, probably," my mom said first.
"No. Too obvious." Melissa said. "I vote for Honey."
"I'd vote for Glump to spread the vote out, but I really do think that Sweetie has it." This from Mac.
"What are you talking about?" Dreamer asked.
"We had to make sure that we had different nicknames for our hubbies so that we wouldn't get all confused when we called them. Sweetie is Melissa's nickname for William, Honey is Mac's nickname for Wolf, and Glump is Yollie's name for TG."
"What's a Glump?" Wizard asked and everybody looked at my mom. 
"It's the sound that you make when you are surprised by something wonderful and you make a hard swallow. Like in I don't believe what I'm seeing. Glump." 
Wizard and Dreamer continued to look at my mom.
"It's the sound I made when I first saw TG on the mountainside."
"That's so sweet," Dreamer said. "Do the boys have nice nicknames for you?"
TG answered that question. "They vary. Right now, we do have some nicknames for certain people. Melissa, for example, with her current physical condition..."
"Don't go there," Melissa interrupted. "You really do not want to go there. William, you have been nominated as the suspected keeper of the grand prize. Show us what you've been working on for the last half year."
"TaDa." William pulled a giant diamond out of his shirt pocket.
Nobody said anything. 
"Biggest diamond ever found," William said. "I looked it up."
"Where'd you find it?"
"Wherever you want me to find it, Wizard." 
 # # # # # # # #
At this point, hungry kids and cooling food dictated that supper had to come before explanations. The diamond was passed around so that it could be felt and admired. William did say that the men had produced smaller diamonds as well, but he wanted to make sure that the process produced big ones, so they had made that their primary objective.
After they thought that all the children were sleeping, the adults re-huddled around the diamond. (I snuck into the space between the fridge and the stove, which made me nearly invisible. Winnie had suggested that hiding place. There used to be plenty of bread crumbs on that floor from the toaster but my mom was now cleaning that spot regularly. This surprised me because she didn't care as much about other dirty corners in our home. But it worked out well for me. They couldn't catch me with bread crumbs on my jammie bottoms.) 
My mom had taped the diamond to her finger but it kept falling off. Melissa said that they should start the meeting now, so William pulled an even bigger diamond out of another pocket and began. 
"Under natural conditions, diamonds are created deep underground. There are various processes at work, for example volcanic action might play a part. What's important is that diamonds have to be created under extreme pressure and heat. If you were looking for high pressure somewhere on Earth, you'd find it deep in an ocean. The deeper you go down into the ocean, the more pressure you'd feel from the water above pressing down on you." 
"Heat in an ocean is found near hydrothermal vents. These are openings in the Earth's crust where water that is heated by volcanic action emerges into the ocean. Ocean water temperature is normally 2 degrees centigrade. The temperature around these thermal vents can range from 60 degrees centigrade to 464 degrees centigrade."
"After the earthquake of '48, geothermal activity off B.C.'s shores increased. We found geothermal vents plus deep fissures directly south of Haida Gwaii in what is known as the Juan de Fuca Ridge. That's where we'll be able to manufacture our diamonds. These two diamonds were actually created in the Mariana Trench south of Japan, but we'll want our diamond production facilities closer to Alberta. The manufacturing processes have been proven now. All we need to do is set up a full production lab near Haida Gwaii."
"But aren't diamonds made out of carbon? Where do you get the carbon from?" Dreamer wasn't aware that there was a second part to the story.
"Good question. We have to start with carbon in a gaseous state, so we went looking for some. Once we had it, we pressure inserted it into titanium molds and sent the molds deep into the Juan de Fuca Ridge. Titanium melts at 1650 degrees Celsius, and the water temperature in the ridge doesn't exceed 400 degrees Celsius so our molds aren't going to melt. Titanium molds under high pressure plus high temperature equals diamonds as big as we want to make the molds."
"How'd you send them that deep?" Wizard asked. 
"Sling technology equipped with a sensor looking for a particular depth and temperature."
"How do you know when the diamonds are made?" 
"We don't know that for sure yet, Wiz. We left these alone for thirty days. It may take less. We'll learn by trial and error. We'll bring them out of the water by sling technology too. Directly onto an invisible pallet. We still have to find a way to automate the removal of the diamond from the mold, but that shouldn't be difficult."
"You haven't said where you found the carbon yet, William." Dreamer really wanting to know.
"That's one of the best thing about this project, Dreamer," Melissa answered for him. "William made the diamond appear out of thin air."
"Thick air, actually," William corrected. 
 # # # # # # # #
This time, my dad explained. "The rotation of the Earth makes for a constant change of air above our production facilities. That air flow above our plant will ensure that there's always going to be new carbon-polluted air coming above our collection zone. We capture that carbon dioxide along with some impurities, put them into titanium molds, and then fire the molds deep into a high pressure, high heat environment. We're also spinning those projectiles at a very high speed which separates the carbon atom from the oxygen atom. The result is that the carbon atoms are deposited on the inside of the mold and pressure of the oxygen atoms keeps the carbon in place while the diamonds form. As the molds come up out of the water with their diamonds, the pure oxygen releases itself into the atmosphere." 
"You've started to clean the Earth's atmosphere," Wizard concluded.
"Exactly."
"One diamond at a time."
"Not exactly. Once we're out of the testing phase, there'll be no limit on how many titanium projectiles we can have incubating next to a thermal fissure. We'll actually be able to have an impact on the world's air quality. We could easily be producing one thousand diamonds a day."
 Dreamer thought that if Melissa could swear, why couldn't she? 
 [Censor's Note: Several vulgar words have been deleted.]
"That's what we thought too," Mac said. 
"We're moving real slowly on this, Dreamer," my dad said. "The falling levels of carbon dioxide and impurities in the air should cool the Earth down, but we don't want that to happen suddenly. If we reduce the carbon levels too quickly, we could swing the climate too far. As you know, we have decades of air quality measurements and we'll be taking new measurements every month to guide how many diamonds we produce. Slow, slow, slow is our motto. People won't notice any difference in the skies, but over the years, they may start to wonder why the snow packs are coming back." 
"I still don't know why you're so happy about the diamonds. There's no real call for diamond rings any longer and I don't know anybody who would want to wear one of these on her finger."
"They're not for jewelry, Dreamer," my mom said.
"They're going to give the world cheap, abundant, renewable power." Mac explained. 
 [Censor's Note: More vulgar words have been deleted.]
"That's what we though too," Mac said. 
 # # # # # # # #
The men were pulling dishwashing duty while Mac, Melissa and my mom talked in the living room with Wiz and Dreamer about the practicalities of actually using their inventions for profit. The men were good at the scientific theory, but certain strategic considerations had to be addressed and these women were experts in strategic thinking. 
"Each of us is in charge of protecting a Wilizy invention," my mom started. "I'm in charge of hiding how we're producing the diamonds. Wizard, you have the reports from those geologists you hired to explore Alberta's old mines, right?"
"Yeah. They found profitable mineral deposits still left in those mines. We might be able to make some money."
"Everybody knows that you have been looking at those mines, right Wiz?"
"Yeah. William said I should be open about it."
"Good. Now you're going to find a huge supply of diamonds in some of those mines. You pick which ones. They can be found in the very deep mines; or, you can choose shallow mines and we'll claim that we drilled deeper. We're going to put a defensive electronic shell over the mines like what's over the home compound. No one will be able to sneak into the mine or even spy on what's happening from outside. All of our mines will be automated so that no workers will be needed. We'll run some fake cargo runs from the mines to the factories that will be using the diamonds but those factories will receive palletized shipments of diamonds directly from Haida Gwaii."
"I'll pick the mines that are in narrow valleys, so the secrecy screen will be easier to install."
"Good thinking."
"You'll need to negotiate land ownership with Rick."
"I'll make the mines part of the land that Rick has to give us as part of the sleeper penalty. That way, we'll have the full rights to anything that comes out of the mines. No revenue sharing with Alberta. Few labour costs. Virtually no costs of developing the diamonds. We supply the diamonds at a small cost to the factory that is going to make the power unit. When we sell those units outside of the province, there'll be a very high profit margin. The factory that manufactures these new power units will be a Wilizy factory, right?"
"The factory has to be inside a Wilizy secure site and it has to be automated. But from our perspective, we don't care if it's on Alberta land or Wilizy land. My job is to make sure nobody ever discovers our real source of diamonds. Competitors will believe we're getting them from deep, deep mines. That should keep them distracted and very unproductively busy trying to copy us. Anything further about diamond mines that we need to talk about? Dreamer?"
...
Mac took over. "Wiz and Dreamer, I'm protecting the secret of the environmental cleaning. I don't believe you're going to be impacted by this, but in case you hear any public suspicions in that direction, you should alert me right away. We face two dangers, and they're big ones. First, if countries find out that we're scrubbing the atmosphere, they may think that it's alright for them to start spewing pollution again. As far as we know, and the boys have looked around the world, countries are now staying with clean energy. The power units that we're going to manufacture and sell are clean and renewable, and we hope by encouraging countries to use Wilizy power units, they will keep on that path. That means that you have to be careful about the prices that you set so that they don't move to old, dirty technology because they can't afford our power units."
"I'll probably set up a revenue sharing model like we've done with the medical inventions."
"So you'll have to ensure there's enough profit to keep money flowing into Alberta, and enough profit to fund Wilizy projects. But not too much profit or some countries will go back to burning coal."
"Got it."
"The second danger is that world's politicians will find out what we're doing with the world's climate and will try to interfere. Then they'll all start arguing and nothing will be done. We can't let these buffoons ruin the Earth a second time."
...
Melissa took her turn. "I'm in charge of protecting the secret of our new power unit. Once the world learns what we're doing, there's going to be enormous interest and that interest will inevitably move to attempts to copy us. They'll learn that we're using diamonds in the power units. But they won't be able to find or manufacture diamonds like ours. That means that they'll try to steal our power units so that they can duplicate the process. We have to be ready for that."
"We know some of the countries that will do that," Wiz said. "Can we refuse to sell to them?"
"They'll find a way to buy from our friends who will make enormous profits reselling our power units. It won't work. The world has far too many crooked governments."
"You believe that if they can't reinvent our technology, they'll steal some of our civilian products and re-design them for military use?"
"Yeah, Dreamer. I can see that happening. Our power units will be used by numerous people and companies. We don't want to create a crime wave of power unit thefts the world over. Lots of innocent people could be hurt."
"What are you going to do?"
"I'm trying to find a way to destroy the diamond if the power unit is opened illegally. I thought of installing a vial of acid that would be strong enough to melt the diamond. But there's no acid that can touch a diamond without a long exposure and under extreme conditions. So I'm at a dead end on how we can protect the secret."
 # # # # # # # #
They kicked around some ideas, but diamonds are enormously tough. Not much can touch them. The boys were drifting into the living room when Dreamer remembered something.
"I was about five years old and my dad, my non-dad actually, was sent to prison. My mom must have attended his trial because she came home very angry. She had found out that he had a history of stealing and her first thought was to check the diamond wedding ring that he had given her. It had never fit well, but she had stopped wearing it for other reasons. When she looked at it with a magnifying glass, she saw signs of a previous owner. I remember her cussing him out. When she wound down, she found a hammer, placed the ring on a rock by Dutch Lake, and shattered the diamond with one blow. I remember this clearly because after the hammer blow, she looked around, saw only me, and so she hiked up her dress and peed on what remained of the diamond. That's not something I'm ever likely to forget. I'm kind of proud of her for doing that, actually."
My mom got up and hustled away. 
Mac said, "For future reference, you can't tell pee stories when a pregnant woman is in the room."
"A hammer blow can shatter a diamond into pieces," my dad said. 
"I can design something," Mac said. 
"Like a pressurized baton that mom used when she was in the RCMP," Melissa said. "Push a button and bam."
"There's room in the power chamber for it," Wolf said.
"We have a winner," Melissa announced. "Thanks to Dreamer's mom, her hammer, and her pee."
"Do you know if your mom used a ball-peen hammer, Dreamer?" William asked.
Dreamer started to answer but she was drowned out by a chorus of groans. 

Back to the Table of Contents
Chapter 18

The rest of March was a busy one for all of the warriors producing diamonds out of thick air. Wiz and Dreamer selected two fake diamond mines and had them designated as Wilizy land. TG and William took a holiday away from their research and put up security screens over each mine, complete with a titanium cover, an emerald green logo, and an active laser port between the W-Y letters. Titanium supplies from North Korea were flowing into Alberta and Mathias was in charge of picking up those shipments and delivering them to Zeballos prison for temporary storage. He was now acting full time as a Wilizy freight pilot since Lucas was working on a construction site in Calgary. Lucas' boss liked him because he had no fear whatsoever of working at great heights. Lucas had always had been that way, even without his sling. 
Wizard met with his Anchorage engineers who were chomping at the bit to put their designs to the test. He gave them the specs for the power unit they'd put into their creation. William had added another power generating mechanism to their original plans. William had thought about this wrinkle while he was trying to walk Izzy to sleep one morning. All of this new information would require some modifications to their initial design but major changes would not be needed. When Wizard told them that the infrastructure would not be in place for months, the engineers' good mood evaporated. That mood came back when he told them that they'd be working in Calgary from now on, and in a building that would allow them to create an actual working model of their creation. They became positively buoyant when he told them he wanted a working model in five different sizes. If buoyancy is a theme here, I can tell you that Wiz and Dreamer were flying high too because they were able to put the entire old Calgary airport land under Wilizy control. The penalty for the incursion of Zzyk's sleepers into B.C. had now been paid in full.
Dreamer's chocolate plans had to be put on hold while she worked on the more important diamond-based project. However the news on the peanut front was positive. Momaka was confident that her hybrid would work in Alberta weather and she was busy hand-producing a full set of seeds that could be sown in Coronation. Peanuts from that area would soon serve as seed peanuts for the entire industry. As to where the peanuts would be grown, Wizard had shared the benefits of a peanut-based agricultural zone with Rick who loved the idea. The actual negotiations had not started, but it was highly likely that they'd agree on some sort of sharing arrangement. It was Alberta land that would be used and Alberta farmers who would be growing the peanuts. The Wilizy's contributions were limited to the seeds that Alberta farmers would use to start their first crop. Wizard had no qualms about taking only small profits from this industry. But he was also talking with Saskatchewan officials about a peanut growing zone of their own. Jock had provided the introductions and was now acting as an official Wilizy representative in discussions about land use and what the Wilizy wanted in exchange for their technology. 
Dreamer and Wizard's relationship was back to normal, and if truth be told, was steaming steadily forward. Emphasis on the word steaming. Dreamer was still anxious about Double-Tom escaping from Stu's protective custody, but she was fully immersed now in exciting projects and she was energized again. 
# # # # # # # #
Speaking of Double-Tom, he had returned from an interview with his lawyer and was sharing his thoughts about his lawyer's recommendations with Mr. Stu. Such conversations at the front of their two cells were now becoming more frequent. A sign, if you like, that D-T was beginning to trust Mr. Stu and rely on him more. 
D-T was expressing some unhappiness with the progress of his case and the performance of his legal representative. "He wants me to plead guilty to manslaughter. Wolf-jerk says that's the best that I can ever get. He ignores me when I say that I'm completely innocent."
"Imagine that. Does he realize that he's in over his depth?"
"He knew that already. Now he's scared, and I think it's because of who the prosecutor is. His eyes became all big when he told me. He said the name in a whisper, actually."
"Who's the prosecutor?"
"Somebody named Doc."
# # # # # # # #
"You should seriously consider pleading guilty to involuntary manslaughter." This was now the second time that Mr. Stu had given Double-Tom that advice.
"But I'm innocent. I have witnesses that can place me in Surrey."
"Your witnesses are ex-cons as well as your friends. You were imprisoned together. Besides, nobody believes you're innocent. I certainly don't."
"This justice system sucks. Why are you recommending that I should cave and take twenty years?"
"Let me tell you about Doc. When he was young, a criminal had his true love killed. Doc waited and waited because this murderer was untouchable. Doc went into hiding when the murderer came after him. Doc survived numerous attempts on his life. He hid and bided his time. After thirty years of biding and hiding, Doc found a way. That murderer is now dead. It took him months to die, each day in pain. I'm told that Doc smiles a lot these days."
D-T had nothing to say.
"The man's a legend. He has never lost a single court case in his entire life. He's retired now, but I hear he's still sharp. I'm surprised he's taking this case. I can't imagine why he would do that." 
"Why do they call him Doc?"
"He was a real doctor at some point. But the Doc nickname spread throughout the justice system because he attends cases where a death sentence is likely. If the judge announces a guilty verdict, Doc examines the man to ensure he's healthy enough to be executed. He doesn't want him dying too soon. Cold, cold man. I've actually seen him in action. Fortunately, I was in the trial in another capacity and didn't have to argue law against him."
D-T sat down on his bunk. "What's he look like?"
"I can't hear you when you're behind the bookshelf, D-T. Wonky ear. Loud fan." Mr. Stu still had his big bookshelf in D-T's cell. That meant that D-T was crammed into a half-cell with no room to stand other than at the front where he could be more easily recorded. 
Double-Tom came back to the front of the cell. "What's he look like?"
"Aboriginal. Tall. Black bushy eyebrows. Shock of white hair. Bigger and stronger than you. Fit. Probably an athlete in his day. I've heard that if somebody stepped in his way when he was hiking, Doc would hip check him into the bushes. He won't be stopped if he wants something." 
"Could you take him?"
"Depends."
"On what?"
"On whether I was given an opening to attack his case. Discovering that his witness lied would do it. A witness who was incapacitated in some fashion would be useful. I could make do with a murder that was committed in the middle of the night when vision was bad. Lots of defensive arguments might be possible."
D-T said nothing. 
"I've heard something from a friend who is in a position to know," Mr. Stu confided. 
"You have a friend in here who gives you inside information?"
Stu spread his arms and indicated the cell he was living in. "Of course I have a friend here."
"Yeah. I forgot. You live in luxury. I live in a closet."
"Doc was here in the prison. Getting information on you. Looking at your file."
"Is that legal?"
"Of course it is. However it wouldn't be legal if he discovered something bad about you and didn't share it with your wolf-man."
"Is he likely to find out anything bad?"
"I don't know, but it doesn't matter. Your lawyer should be filing orders requiring him to release every bit of information he has on you. Paper files. Electronic files. Records of conversation. All of this has to be turned over to your lawyer or the case against you could be thrown out of court."
"I'll ask him if he's filed for that. Did you find out anything else from your source?"
"Somebody has been spreading pictures of you from Barriere to Clearwater. Your face is plastered on the front of posters asking – Did you see this man on July 26, 2075 near the North Thompson River? Somebody hired people to go door-to-door with the posters."
"What happened on July 26, 2075?"
"Your wife disappeared that day."
"Oh yeah. I was in Surrey."
# # # # # # # #
"There's a chance that you could get lucky," Mr. Stu was trying to give his moping cellblock buddy some hope. 
"How so?"
"If Doc is nosing around the prison, there's a chance that he might take a chance and question you."
"How's that lucky for me?"
"There are rules that everybody knows. And there are very obscure rules that very few people know. I have an idea that might work."
Mr. Stu went to one of his bookshelves – in this case, the bookshelf was in D-T's cell, but Mr. Stu had access to those books from his own cell. He pulled out six large volumes after carefully studying the letters on the spines. Mr. Stu handed them to D-T, took six other books from the shelves on the other side of his cell, and put them on his table. "You should scan through those books looking for two cases. The case names in the books are printed in bold letters on each page so they'll be easier to find. I'll do the same with these books."
"What names am I looking for?" 
"First case is Yolanda versus Yolanda. Second case is B.C. versus Lucas, Theo, Mathias and Reese." 
"What are the cases about?"
"It won't matter if we can't find the references. If we find them, and if Doc doesn't know about these cases, you could be walking out of here a free murderer."
D-T took the books to his bunk and went to work immediately. Mr. Stu opened all six of his books and scattered them on his table. Then he pulled a hidden recipe book out from underneath his mattress, made himself comfortable on his bed, and began to read. From time to time, he made notes. If he had to, he could honestly tell D-T that he was conducting criminal research. The recipe book was titled Chocolate desserts that should be illegal they're so good.
# # # # # # # #
"Found them," Mr. Stu announced several hours later at the front of his cell. His hair was unkempt and he looked tired.
"Good, because I didn't find anything. Are these going to work?"
"Definitely. But you have to hope that Doc comes into the prison and tries to question you. If so, you want that to happen. Don't try and hide if you see him. Stay in the open. Let him come to you. Let him ask you any question he wants. Pretend to have a sore throat that stops you from answering. Be sure the other prisoners in the area see you. Remember who was there."
"How is that going to help me?"
"A prosecuting attorney can't question the accused without the attorney for the defense being present. Every lawyer knows that. Some prosecutors try to avoid the rule by accidentally bumping into the accused in a public space and asking questions anyways. In the case of Yolanda versus Yolanda, two women in a family were fighting for the right to use the same first name. Both wanted the name and didn't want the other to have it. The lawyer for one Yolanda asked the other a simple question when her defense lawyer wasn't present: Why do you want the name so badly? The judge heard about the question and threw the case out. Both had to use the name. She wouldn't let them appeal or anything. I believe one of the women actually left the country she was so upset." 
"Huh."
"In the case of B.C. versus Lucas, Theo, Mathias and Reese, a prosecutor named Hank was preparing a case of piracy against four young men. He happened to bump into the youngest who was rather naive. Reese blurted something out to the prosecutor that revealed that all four of the men were guilty. The prosecutor hadn't even asked a question, but the judge ruled that the attorney had violated the rights of the accused to have a lawyer present and again, the case was thrown out of court. The four young men were never punished. No appeals were allowed."
"Sounds like weird cases. Arguing over a name. How often would that happen? Or piracy?"
"Exactly my point. These are very obscure cases. There's a good chance that Doc hasn't heard about them. How could he? He's retired. If he doesn't know about these cases, he could make a mistake."
"So I let this Doc see me and approach me. What if he doesn't ask any questions?"
"Here's the beautiful part. Even if he doesn't, you say that he did. This defensive tactic is called lying. You might be familiar with the concept. In this type of situation where the truth of the matter is unclear, the judge is going to favour the accused even if the prosecutor swears up and down that he didn't ask you a question. If Doc approaches you in this prison, you can start packing your gear because you're going home."
 # # # # # # # #
Somebody else was packing gear because she was going home. Hold that thought while I start at the beginning. 
Lucas worked most of March and when the job ended, he received a tidy amount of cash from his boss who apologized for having to give it to him in coins. He hadn't expected Lucas to quit. He even tried to talk him out of it. Lucas said that he didn't mind the coins; he actually preferred them. He put them into the pockets of his jeans and jingled happily out of the new Wilizy Cloth and Dye building in Calgary. Then he headed for Surrey. Also happily. 
"Hey Lucas. Long time. Where have you been?" Candi with an i couldn't help but hear the jingle in Lucas' pockets. Jingle bells, Jingle bells. Christmas on its way. 
"Working."
"Really? Where?"
I'm sure the reader will want to skip through this part of the conversation. They were unimportant questions and answers. All you really need to know is that yes, Candi was still tutoring; yes, she was wearing the same clothes because she couldn't afford to buy any new ones since she was so poor. In fact, she was so poor that she was in danger of losing her apartment. 
"So, I was wondering..." Lucas began to explain why he was there.
"Uh-huh?" Candi was putting red polish on the nail of her right pinky finger. Busy, busy.
"You know, last time I was here, you let me, you know."
"Uh-huh?" Candi shifted focus to the adjoining finger.
"Touch you."
"Oh, yeah. I remember now."
"So, I was wondering if I, you know."
"You want to grab my boob?"
"Yeah."
"I don't know, Lucas. I mean I let you before because you're so cute, and nobody was around. But I could have a student walk up here any minute. If he saw you with me, he'd think that I was doing something that a teacher like me should not be doing. I could lose my job. For a lousy nickel."
"I could pay more."
"How much more?"
"I could pay ten cents."
"Nah. Too much risk. A dime isn't going to make much of a dent in my bills." The third finger needed attention now. Funny. The nails had looked perfect a minute ago. 
"Twenty-five cents?"
"That would allow me to keep the electricity on, I guess. You'd touch me on top of my sweater, right?"
Lucas nodded, but he had been hoping for something more daring.
"OK, twenty-five cents for a boob grab on top of the sweater for one minute. I don't think anybody will see us." 
"Only a minute?"
"Busy neighbourhood." (If busy meant deserted.) "If you wanted something more, we could go back to my apartment. There'd be no chance of anybody seeing you and me together there. I'm only offering this because you're so nice, Lucas. I wouldn't do this for anybody else."
"Kind of expensive."
"I'll let you put your hand under my sweater if we're in my apartment."
This was exactly what Lucas had been hoping for. "How much?" 
"One klabooie a minute."
"One or two hands?"
"You're a tough person to bargain with, Lucas. OK. You win. Two hands at the same time for one minute."
"Done."
Candi packed up her gear (fingernail polish) and headed home. Lucas had to trail well behind her so that her reputation couldn't be hurt. 
Candi with an i cleaned Lucas out that afternoon. She put her claws into his last ten klabooies by reluctantly agreeing to lift her sweater. For five seconds.

Back to the Table of Contents
Chapter 19

 Granny had just finished a conversation with Stu this sunny warm day at the end of March. Their communications into the prison were hit and miss. Prison rules prevented Stu from wearing his pinky-ring computer into his cell, and he certainly wasn't going to have his sling with him where it could be accidentally discovered. The warden had arranged for Stu's pinky-ring computer to be kept hidden in the prison kitchen's storeroom. It was from that storeroom that Stu had told Granny that it was time for Doc to appear in the visitor's area. Granny was personally looking forward to this scene in their play and had already tried on her costume. 
But that was a pleasure that could only be anticipated. Right now, she was looking forward to the immediate pleasure of a steaming mug of hot chocolate complete with marshmallow froth. Doc was working in the WZBN office, so she was alone. Granny put her feet up on the foot stool in front of her, cradled the hot mug in both hands, and closed her eyes.
A tap-tap on the outside door prompted her to open one eye. A face appeared in the crack of the door. "Wizard. Come on in. There's hot chocolate on the stove. Help yourself."
"Uh. That's OK, Granny." Wizard sat down on the sofa opposite.
Granny asked, "What's up?" and took a long pull on the mug.
"I was wondering if it was alright for me to touch the boobs of a girl who's been molested."
Granny choked and spewed hot chocolate into the air around her.
 # # # # # # # #
With both parties to the impending conversation now thoroughly embarrassed, and with the spillage being mopped up energetically by a young man who was more comfortable looking at the floor than at his granny's face, and with both parties now holding fresh mugs of hot chocolate, and hopefully with no more surprises to come ... with all of that out of the way, their conversation began.
"Are you talking about Dreamer?"
Wizard nodded.
"Why would you even think of doing that? She's been molested. She's just coming out of a very bad time." Granny didn't put any heat into these words, but she was surprised that Wizard wasn't more sensitive.
"I'm pretty sure that she wants me to, Granny."
"And you? Do you want to too?"
"I wouldn't mind. But it's not like I've been thinking day and night about it."
"Why do you believe that she wants you to?"
"Uh. Well. We've..."
"Stop right there, Wizard. See that armchair in the corner? Go sit in that. Turn it so that it's facing the corner first."
Wiz did.
"Better?"
He nodded.
"I can't hear a nod, Wiz. Tell me why you believe she wants you to touch her breasts."
"Can I say that word out loud?"
"Sure you can. So the two of you have been kissing, right?"
"Uh huh."
"A lot." 
"Uh huh."
"And you like it."
"Uh huh." Wizard was beginning to think that talking about this with Granny wasn't as difficult as he had thought it would be.
"And she likes it."
"Yeah. She really does."
"How do you know that?"
"Cause she's always the one who starts the kissing. We could be sitting in the community hall studying a bot, and there'd be nobody there, and she'd turn to me, grab me, and plant a real hot kiss on me."
"Is this after she saw her dream about the flowers?"
"Yah. She's back to normal now."
"And this is beginning to bother you because..."
"When we're standing up and kissing, she'll take my hand and put it under her neck, where it's very close to her..."
"Breasts."
"Yeah, those. I have to concentrate hard to stop my hand from dropping lower. Sometimes, we're in the middle of a kiss and I'll feel her stand on her tiptoes, and that's going to move my hand right on top of her...
"Breasts. You can say the word to me, Wiz."
"... breasts, and I take my hand away and put it behind her neck instead. Now she has started to put my hand under her neck when we're sitting. I think she's trying to tell me something."
No, not at all, Wiz. No signal there. No, siree. "Perhaps. Have you talked about this with her?"
"My mind is kind of busy, Granny."
"I'm not suggesting that you talk about this when you're kissing. Do you talk to her about this when you're not kissing?"
"No."
"Why not?"
"She's been molested, Granny. That could be where her ex-dad touched her. I don't want her to freak out again. What if talking about it could cause her bad memories to come back? What if my touches bring back those memories?"
"Is that why you're cool to touching her in any way?"
Wiz nodded. 
"I'll take that as a Yes."
"And if you talked to her about touching her on her breasts, that would mean you were planning it, and planning it would mean you'd be crude. It would be better for you to just touch her breasts accidentally and leave your hand there if she didn't turn around and swat you?"
Wiz nodded.
"I'll take that as another Yes."
Granny knew all about the unwritten manual on how to hold hands the first time. She also knew all about the unwritten manual for men on the Oops, I'm sorry I accidentally touched your boob strategy. "I have to think about this, Wizard. Warm this up for me, will'ya? Grab some cake for yourself. Take a big piece. It's getting stale." 
Granny had baked the cake that morning. But she knew if she didn't encourage Wiz to have a big piece, he'd take a tiny sliver. To be polite. That's the way he had always been. Lucas would sit down with the cake plate on his lap and a fork in his hand if you'd let him. 
 # # # # # # # #
Another large slice of cake later, Granny had a good handle on the Dreamer-Wizard relationship. Dreamer had seen Wizard and liked him. She had enlisted Winnie who was more than happy to push Wizard at her. The same thing happened at the concert. Females happy to encourage Wizard into a date. They were cute together. Wizard was happy enough once he got there, but he'd have never agreed to the date without the female gender pushing him into it. Fairly typical at that age, she had thought. 
The first hand-to-hand contact. Classic. Dreamer going for the accidental skin contact but holding back from the grab. Wizard wanting to hold hands, but needing it to be an accident. Both happy to finally get there. No problem here, Granny had thought. 
The first kiss. Dreamer indicating that she was ready. Wizard didn't respond. Dreamer made first contact on the cheek. Hoping that he'd move his face a few centimeters. He didn't. She did. 
Now, their first intimate contact would be coming soon. Again Dreamer was sending very strong signals that she was ready. Wizard was holding back because of concern about the molestation. She'd be grabbing his hand and placing it where she wanted it soon. 
And after that? She'd be ready for the next step; he wouldn't be. She'd act. 
Where was this going for Dreamer? A trustworthy, honest man in her life for the first time ever? Babies to care for like she hadn't been cared for? 
 # # # # # # # #
"You and Dreamer have to talk together about what you want from life, and what you want from each other, Wiz. Dreamer's ex-father will be an issue for her for some time, even though she doesn't appear to be affected by it right now. You have to be on the same page on how quickly you want your relationship to grow. Talk about it. Not when you're clutching and grabbing each other. Talk when you're sitting apart."
Wizard was back to sitting across from his granny and facing her. 
"It would be bad for her if I touched her?"
"I can't say. You have to ask her, not me."
Wiz got up to leave. He didn't seem too enthused by the message Granny had given him.
"You've talked about sex with me. It won't be as hard with Dreamer."
"OK. Thanks for the talk, Granny. Thanks for the cake." 
"Wiz?"
He turned.
"By any chance, are you carrying birth control protection with you?"
Wiz looked horrified. "If I did, that would mean I was planning to have sex with her."
"It might happen purely by accident. Come with me. I know where there's some hidden."
On the way. "Did your dad talk to you about sex, and condoms, and things like that?"
Wiz nodded.
"Carrying a condom is just in case, Wiz. Being careful doesn't make a girl into a slut, or a boy into a sex maniac. Have one with you always in case something happens that you weren't expecting or can't control."

Back to the Table of Contents
Chapter 20

It was early April. Winnie and Momaka were walking back to her garden plot after the end of Hank's meeting with the family. He had called the meeting to announce that the Wilizy members in the satellite compound had found a way to scrub carbon out of the atmosphere. Soon, Wilizy companies here in Alberta would be producing different-sized power units that would provide cheap, renewable energy for a small cost. Everything about this project was to be kept a secret and that's why Hank was holding back all the details on how the science worked. "The scientific work on this was done out of the satellite compound. But some of us will be involved soon in making and selling the power units. Dreamer and Wizard have already started the groundwork on that. For now, all you need to know is that the Earth is going to recover slowly but steadily. In time, you'll be able to actually see the difference if you're up in space in the submarine."
Back we go now to Winnie and Momaka walking and talking ...
"Did you know that William was planning on cleaning up the atmosphere, Momaka?" Winnie was chiding herself. There had been secret discussions and she hadn't known about them. 
"No. I'm glad that they're doing that though. We shouldn't have to suffer for the mistakes that the ancients made." 
"Did you get to see the Earth from the submarine when you were down at the satellite compound?"
"Yes. It was very beautiful."
"How will the Earth look after the atmosphere is cleaner?"
"Clearer skies, I expect. In time, there'll be polar ice caps again. Glaciers on the mountains. The land will be greener when the rains come back." 
"Would you like some help with the hybrids?"
"I would. I thought you said it was boring."
"It is. Doing the same thing over and over to hundreds of plants."
"Sort of like piano practices. Playing the scales over and over, repeating the same pieces. Is that why you stopped practicing?"
"Yeah. I saw how the notes go together, and the chords, and they make nice sounds. But when you're practicing, you don't have to really think. It's boring."
"So you're offering to help me do a boring job..."
"In case your hands become sore. I could fix them."
"I'd like that. Fair trade. You help me, I help you." Momaka filled up two water buckets and placed a bucket with an eye dropper at Winnie's feet. She took her own bucket and eye dropper to the start of a row of plants, knelt on the ground, and began rinsing off some dust from the plant's leaves. 
Winnie followed her to the beginning of the line but left her watering equipment where it was. "You weren't on the sub when all of us kids went up to look at the Earth. When did you go?"
"Some of the adults went up separately."
"Oh. I wondered where Doc and Granny had gone one day. I couldn't find them. Guess they were flying in the sub."
"Probably. Did Patella and Scapula arrive back in one piece?"
"Yah. They're probably going to do something like this every year. It will remind them of what real wolves do. Patella might want another litter."
"Can Patella talk to the wolves like she can talk to you and Scapula?"
"No. She says they're stupid. Lucas didn't look too happy after the meeting, did he?"
"I didn't notice."
"He was pounding the bag real hard. I asked him where he was going to spend all of his construction money, and he told me not to pry."
"Lucas will find peacetime difficult. He lives to fight and compete."
"How do you know that?"
"It's obvious."
"Do you think Uncle Stu is getting bored in prison?"
"My goodness, your mind does jump around, doesn't it."
"You think or not?"
"I wouldn't know. I had one part to play in the show they're putting on. I don't believe they'll need me again."
"Are your hands sore yet?"
"No. Are yours?"
"I haven't been doing anything."
"I noticed that. Didn't we have an agreement about sharing the work?"
"Fine. Make me bored."
"I plan to."
# # # # # # # #
Double-Tom saw Doc the minute he walked through the visitor door. Like Mr. Stu had said, he was a big aboriginal with a shock of white hair. He had a visitor pass around his neck like everybody else had, but he wasn't meeting anybody. He was standing at the entrance, scanning the crowd. D-T went back to pretending to work while keeping an eye on Doc. He was good at pretending to work; not so good at watching Doc. He wasn't there the next time D-T looked up. 
D-T scoured the area pretending to mop but looking for Doc. He was nowhere to be found. He could have used the bank of elevators to go up and see the warden. D-T went back to the big meeting hall, all the time mopping but only scattering debris on the floor from one place to the next. Pretty much what he always did. Perhaps Doc was here to visit another prisoner. Double-Tom found it hard to focus; tomorrow, he could be returning to Clearwater. He'd enjoy that. He'd teach some people some things tomorrow.
He felt a tap on his shoulder and turned.
"Is your name Double-Tom?" a voice said. "Also known as Wescott."
D-T saw the visitor pass first, the white hair second, and the pinky-ring computer being held high in the air third. 
"Are you Double-Tom?"
"Can't talk," D-T croaked. 
"No matter," Doc said. "I recognize you from some posters that I've seen. I'm recording this conversation because I want it to be clear that I am not talking to you about your upcoming trial. I simply asked you to identify yourself."
This wasn't working out the way that Mr. Stu had said it would.
"Turn and face the visitor gate."
D-T did. He was pretending to be hoarse, not deaf. A giant aboriginal woman was standing at the gate staring at him. She was in full regalia; obviously a very important person. Probably a chief. She stood the same way that Wanda did. That would make her a bossy woman. Used to ordering people around. This bossy woman was leaning on a huge bow. 
Doc stepped to D-T's side and pointed his index finger at him.
The chief nodded her head, pointed the tip of her bow at D-T, and nodded strenuously again. Then she turned and hobbled away.
D-T realized that she had just identified him. He wondered if having a limp would make it possible for Mr. Sam to remove her as Doc's witness. The reader should appreciate that putting the words Double-Tom and smart together would be like putting the words slimy slug and stampede together.
When D-T looked up again, Doc had left the building. 
# # # # # # # #
Lucas landed in the woods as he usually did and was moving quickly towards the fence where Candi always sat. He had some things to say to her about taking all of his money. Her voice interrupted the speech he was rehearsing in his mind.
"Lucas. Help me."
In the woods. A flash of pink. Lucas saw Candi struggling with some big dude. 
"Lucas. Please."
Lucas pushed his way through the brush. Candi was trying to stop the guy from leaving. He was bigger and older than Lucas. Still a teenager though.
"Hey! What are you doing?" Lucas called out. 
"I'm trying to leave the woods. Red skirt here is trying to stop me."
"I gave him a lesson, Lucas. He won't pay me."
"Is that true? She tutored you?"
"That's not what I'd call it, but yeah she did. What's it to you?"
"Then you gotta pay."
"Who's going to make me?"
That was not a good question to ask a guy who had spent two hours working on the big bag and was still in a hostile mood. The big dude took a wild swing at Lucas' head. Lucas ducked, responded with a hard right to the ribs, and followed that with a hard left to the ribs. Lucas was surprised at how soft the human body was compared to a big bag full of wet sand. Ribs crack easily, apparently.
Negotiations ended quickly. The big dude made a full payment to Candi plus a tip for refusing to pay. And he wouldn't be bothering her again. Candi said he was off her class list for good.
 # # # # # # # #
"I'm sorry you spent all your money, Lucas. But I told you what the price was and you did agree."
"I spent three weeks swinging a hammer to earn that money, Candi."
"What do you want, Lucas? I have to pay my bills."
"I want my money back."
"Didn't you just beat up a guy who refused to pay me? Isn't that what you're doing now? Refusing to pay me for something that we both agreed to?"
On that, Candi was certainly right. Teachers can be real smart when faced with unruly students.
Lucas realized that everything she had said was right. He had agreed to the price. He turned around and was walking away when Candi said, "But."
"But what?"
"You did help me out just now. And I do appreciate what you did. How about I give you a longer look this time? Same price."
"Nope. I want my money back."
"How about I pay you for protecting me instead?"
"How would that work?"
"Some of my students are kind of rough. Some are like that other guy and don't want to pay. What am I supposed to do? I'm just a young teacher. They're stronger and bigger. I don't have anybody to help me because I'm self-employed." 
"Do they hit you?"
"No. I stop arguing if they look like they will. I can't be hit in my face, Lucas. I wouldn't be able to work. I couldn't speak if they broke my jaw."
"What would you want me to do?"
"Be with me when we agree on the price of the lesson. Make sure the student pays. Get the money first. Protect me if they become unruly. You'd be like the school principal. Keeping order."
"I never went to school. What's a principal?"
"The boss of the students and the teachers."
"I'd be your boss?"
"Not really. I'm my own boss. But I'd pay you."
"Flat hourly rate?"
"No. I never know how busy I'll get. How about I give you 10 per cent of what I earn."
"Make it 20 per cent."
"Done."
"When do I start?"
"Now. The kid coming towards us won't cause any trouble. All you have to do is look scary."
"I can do that."
"You can't watch me teaching though, Lucas. Private lessons, you know."
"OK."

Back to the Table of Contents
 Chapter 21

It was 10 a.m. on a Wednesday morning in mid-April and Granny was getting ready for her mid-morning break. Everything was in place at the prison for today's drama presentation. It would be just Stu and D-T talking before supper. Stu said that D-T was working up to something. Could be a confession. 
The hot chocolate was hot; the marshmallow froth was frothy; the soft chair awaiting her was soft; the footrest was in place – resting on its feet. Granny sank back against the seat cushion, cradled the hot mug in both hands, felt the warmth, and smelled the delicious aroma. As she was about to take the first sip, she heard a tentative tap-tap on the door. 
Not again. "Come in," she called out. 
The door opened a sliver and a young face appeared. 
"Winnie," she said and held up a hand in an order to Stop right there! Granny put both feet on the floor, sat up straight, put the mug of steaming chocolate on the table next to her chair, and said, "Come on in. There's hot chocolate on the stove and fresh cake on the counter. Help yourself."
"Thanks, Granny. What kind of cake?"
"Spice."
"Yay!"
Surely, this isn't about sex. She has no boyfriends in sight. But she's been hanging around Momaka. Did Winnie find out about her and Stu and she's here to pry? 
"What's up, Winnie," she said confidently. The hot chocolate was too far away for her to spew it into the air.
Winnie took a nibble off the corner of a small piece of cake. "This is very good, Granny."
"Thank you, Winnie." 
You can often learn a great deal about a child by how they cut their cake and eat it. And when they thank you. Girls thank as they're eating; boys thank afterwards. Sometimes.
"Granny, I was over talking with Doc. Did you know that he's in a lot of pain?"
Granny struggled to get out of her chair.
"I didn't peek into his head, Granny. Honest. It's right there on his face."
Granny hop/hobbled into the kitchen, grabbed the hot chocolate pot, emptied her mug into the pot, and had Winnie empty hers as well. "You carry this," she said to Winnie. "Come on." Then Granny was hop/hobbling to the WZBN offices as fast as she could manage, her big bow forgotten. 
Doc was bent over in his chair, both hands clasped together. Granny put the still hot pot on his lap, lifted his hands gently and placed them in the pot. "Sometimes, hot liquid helps," she said in explanation to Winnie who was no longer there. A minute later, both Winnie and Momaka were rushing through the door. Momaka had a flat container in her hands. 
# # # # # # # #
"This is only temporary," Momaka explained. Winnie had six needles inserted into each of Doc's hands. 
"Two more?" Winnie asked. "Here and here?"
"Might work."
...
"Winnie's treating the inflammation," Momaka explained. "But that's going to come back. We won't know how long a treatment will last until we see how Doc's body reacts. Then we can make a schedule. For now, let's plan on two treatments a day. Morning and night at 8?"
"I... "
"Shush," Granny interrupted. "You're going to have the treatments."
"I can do mornings," Winnie said.
"I'll do evenings."
It was decided. Doc managed to get one very short word into the discussion.
"You cost me a fresh pot of hot chocolate," Granny said after she kissed the top of Doc's head. 
# # # # # # # #
It was noon on the same day. Lucas was sitting on the wooden fence, a computer game flashing through his mind. He was playing one of the many Star Trek battle variations that were on the Internet. Candi was tutoring one of her students. There'd often be a little rush at the beginning of the noon break. Her next student was leaning on the fence, waiting. 
Lucas and Candi had established a routine. Candi would take the student aside, find out what test the student was studying for, and would quote a price. Lucas would collect the money and hold it for her. If she were unsure about the student, she'd wink at Lucas and he'd stay alert in case she needed help. There had been no wink on this kid, so Lucas was playing his Star Trek game. At the end of the day, they'd settle up. Candi was tutoring history during the evenings, but that was in downtown Surrey. She'd conduct ghost tours and take men through the dark alleys of the city teaching them where ghosts were buried. Lucas had offered to help, but Candi had turned him down. 
Sometimes when they were waiting for customers, Candi would offer Lucas a free peek or a grope. Lucas wasn't much interested. He was steadily advancing up the kill-ladder on his game. Plus every now and then, somebody would be obnoxious towards Candi and Lucas would get to teach him a lesson on being polite. That was more interesting than what Candi with an i was offering.
# # # # # # # #
That same day, after dinner, D-T and Mr. Stu were leaning on their cell bars. "Thhst. Thhst. Thhst. I wish they'd let us have tooth picks," D-T said. He was trying to suck something out of his teeth. "Thhst. Thhst. Thhst."
"That's rather annoying, you know."
"Tough." D-T chewed off a sliver from a long fingernail and used that to go poking between his teeth instead.
"That's even worse."
"Double-tough. The food is bad enough, I shouldn't have to taste it twice."
"I had roast chicken with orange sauce. Rice with sautéed onions. Fresh strawberries. Whipped cream. Big piece of chocolate on the top."
"Hamburger soup. Easy on the hamburger. Heavy on the soup."
"My heart bleeds for you. Really."
"I was hoping that I might be able to persuade you to take my case. This Wolf guy is not doing anything."
"What's he not doing?"
"Trying."
"He might be getting paid off. There's lot's of money in this case. Is your ex-mother-in-law wealthy?"
"She was dirt poor when she was my mother-in-law. The tribe had a sawmill operating the last time I saw them. That might have given her some money."
"Did the lawyer kid tell you why she is so hot to fry your eyeballs?"
"Apparently my wife and this guy from Barriere had had a long affair. They connected up with each other whenever I was out of the camp. They even had a kid. A girl. My wife told me it was mine."
"That's bad. Gives you a motive."
"I never knew about them."
"You should stick with that story. It'll work."
# # # # # # # #
"So if you were taking my case, what would you do?"
"Help you kiss your ass goodbye."
"That's it?"
"Did you want me to pat you on the head and tell you It's going to be OK, Snookums?"
"They're going to fry me?"
"They'll dip you in eggs and add some cracker crumbs first, but yeah, they're going to fry you. You know that they have a witness. She picked you out. She's a chief of some kind. She's going to be believable. Doc's going to have her perfectly rehearsed. I still can't figure out why he's involved in this case. That doesn't make any sense."
"I saw you with your niece. She's not your niece."
"Sure she is."
"Do you have many nieces?"
"As a matter of fact, I do." 
"All aboriginal?"
"Some. Two are white."
"Your Japanese bosses aren't too happy with the care and attention you devote to developing friendships with young girls."
"Says who?"
"Says the report your Japanese girlfriend tried to give you when she came in to see you."
"She's not my girlfriend. You can't strong-arm me into defending you. B.C. is trying to strong-arm me into turning over on my bosses. I can't be strong-armed. Not by the province of B.C. Certainly not by you."
"I'm not threatening to reveal your preferences for young nieces if you don't take my case. I'm offering to introduce you to more nieces if you do take my case."

Back to the Table of Contents
 Chapter 22

"Granny, I need to talk with you." Winnie had just finished her early morning arthritis treatment with Doc. It was near the end of March and he was still in pain. Momaka and Winnie had increased the treatments to four times a day, and that had helped, but not much.
"Let's go for a walk." Granny knew that Winnie had bad news and didn't want Doc to hear it. She forgot that Doc was a doctor. He already knew.
"I've been researching on the Internet and I found a source of medication for arthritis," Winnie began. "It gives pain control. It doesn't cure the arthritis, but makes it bearable. One pill, six hours of relief. I'd like to buy some for Doc."
"Where can we find it?"
"Surrey, probably."
"When do we go?"
"Seventy or eighty years ago would be best."
# # # # # # # #
Their departure wasn't as quick as Winnie had hoped it would be. First, she had to explain how they'd be able to buy something in the past when they didn't have any money from the past. Then she had to explain why people would willingly give her money. Then she had to tell them where the pills would be. Then they had to wait while Yolanda and Hank discussed relaxing the parental controls on the sling that would allow Winnie to TiTr. Also, the controls on Patella's sling would have to be relaxed. 
"Granny should probably be invisible while I'm working with Patella," Winnie added. That lead to another discussion because the time they had decided to visit was 2013, for crying out loud. Crime was rampant back then. Plus cameras were everywhere. It wouldn't be good to have their picture taken on a 2013 camera. "That's why Granny should be invisible," Winnie said. "She's noticeable. I'm just a kid."
"With a big, black wolf," Hank said.
"Dog," Winnie replied. "Lots of dogs were on the streets in 2013. I checked. I saw plenty of them in old documentaries." 
By the time they had everything settled, it was too late for them to go that day. They'd go tomorrow.
# # # # # # # #
Winnie set up a blanket on an empty space on Granville Street in Vancouver. It was a big city and Granville was the city's busiest street. Lots of beggars were asking for help.
"I didn't realize how big downtown Vancouver was," Granny said. "It's all underwater now."
"That's why I thought it was better to be here than in Surrey. If we do get caught on a camera, the storage tapes probably wouldn't have lasted through the tsunami."
Winnie finished her preparations. She had a space to sit on the blanket and room for Patella beside her. A cap was open on the ground in front of them where people could drop their money. A big cardboard sign taped to the wall behind her said: Ask my dog a question. $1 donation if she answers correctly.
"I'll be on the roof of the building opposite you."
"I'll raise my hand in the air two times if I need you."
"Beg politely."
# # # # # # # #
An hour later, Winnie had already emptied her cap twice and stuffed the money bills into her jeans. She left the coins where they were. The crowd around her knew the rules. Ask a question that the dog would be able to answer by tapping her paw on the ground. One tap meant yes, two taps meant no. The dog would tap three to ten times for numerical answers but she'd only tap for those numbers. Any question that had a numerical answer bigger than ten wasn't allowed because it would take too long for Patella to answer. The person asking the question had to write the answer down on a piece of paper, fold it, and pass it to another person in the crowd before asking the question. When Patella answered the question, that bystander would look at the printed answer and say if she was right or wrong. So far, Patella had not missed a question. Winnie had added a line on her sign saying "$10 for a very hard question." All the bills thrown into the cap for the last twenty minutes had been $10 bills. 
The current customer was working out an algebraic equation on his piece of paper. "You have to calculate two correct answers," he said to Patella. "Both numbers will be positive. Tap out one of the numbers and growl. Then tap out the second number. Donors were now talking directly to Patella believing that she understood English. Winnie just sat on the blanket and looked at the questioners' faces when they wrote the answer on their piece of paper. 
"Correct, both times," the spectator said and there was a huge roar from the crowd. A ten dollar bill fluttered into the cap and others threw some money in too.
"Does your dog know anything about medicine?" A man in a blue suit asked.
"Ask her yourself," Winnie said. 
The man turned around and wrote on his paper so that nobody could see, including Winnie. He passed the folded paper to a neighbour and asked. "How many forms of arthritis are there where joint pain is primary?"
Winnie looked at the man; his face was blank. He smiled at her.
Winnie had researched arthritis and she had an excellent memory. She mind-messaged Patella who tapped seven times. 
"Correct."
The man wasn't smiling now.
The man leaned over and put a $100 bill into the cap. "I'd like to talk with you. Up to that question, I thought I knew how you were doing it."
Winnie whispered back. "Do you know a lot about arthritis?"
"I do."
"After the show."
The show was brought to an end shortly afterwards. 
# # # # # # # #
The fat white policemen had pushed his way through the crowd using his burly arms to shove anybody in his way to the side. "Everybody clear out. This is an illegal gambling activity and I can take you all in."
The crowd evaporated before Winnie could finish her two fist pumps in the air. The arthritis blue suit walked half a block away before turning around and leaning against the wall next to a door to a shop named Starbucks. A steady stream of people were going in with one hand free and coming out with that same hand holding a cup of something. Stars? Bucks? An older man who had been on the fringe of the crowd didn't wander as far. He stepped into the doorway of a closed movie house, took a note pad out of an inside pocket of a black jacket, and began writing. 
"I've told you people before. No sitting on the sidewalk. Stand up." 
Winnie did, grabbed the cap of money, held it against her chest, pushed Patella behind her, and bumped herself up against the wall to keep Patella contained. She reinforced that with a strict audible "Down" command plus mind instructions to Lie very still. By this time, Granny was hobbling towards them. Without her bow, she was struggling to maintain her balance. "That's my granddaughter," she said. "The people weren't gambling. She was putting on a magic act. She's done nothing wrong."
"It's not even noon and you're drunk already," the constable said, not even trying to hide his disgust. He turned towards Winnie. "Busking without a permit, sitting on the sidewalk, dog not properly under control, no plastic bags for the dog's refuse, and your grandmother is drunk and disorderly. Should I go on?"
"I was only trying to raise some money to buy drugs for my grandfather."
"Add purchase of illegal substances."
"Arthritis pills," Winnie explained.
"Sure you were. Using little children to beg for money to buy drugs. What's the matter with you people?"
 "At this point, the man in the black jacket took a cell phone from the left front pocket of his blue jeans, held it in front of him, and walked closer to the impending arrest. The blue arthritis suit saw him and did the same. 
 "She was putting on a magic show and she told people that the money was going to be used to buy arthritis drugs," the old guy said to the camera. "They are not illegal."
"The dog was totally under control," blue suit said. "This lady is handicapped and that's why she can't walk in a straight line. Hip problem. I'm a doctor."
The constable turned towards Winnie and pulled out a thick pad of paper. "Name."
"Winnie." 
"Sleep on the street much?"
"No, in a bed. All the time."
"Where? Mission basement? Church hall?"
 "In a house."
"Squatting, eh. Is the house condemned?"
"She lives in a house that has been given to her father because of his military service." Granny had almost mentioned the Aboriginal Nation's border patrol but caught herself in time. The constable would have changed "Drunk" to "On drugs."
"You shut up, you old squaw. Don't speak until I tell you to." To Winnie: "Where's this supposed house?"
"Near Cranbrook," Winnie answered.
"How'd you get down here?"
"We flew."
"Dog fly too?"
"Of course. It's too far to walk."
Another constable appeared. White, female. "What'cha got here, Smitty?"
"Two of them. This is my collar, Gorgeous."
The woman looked at the little aboriginal girl, holding the cap tight against her body. She didn't appear scared. She looked angry which was surprising. Natives in this area were well aware of what Smitty and his buddies were like. If Winnie were from one of the local tribes, she'd be scared. "What's your name?"
"Winnie."
"You're from out of town?"
"Cranbrook area," Winnie repeated. 
The lady constable whispered to her. 
Winnie put the cap down against the wall so nobody could see what was in it, undid the ribbons around her pigtails, fastened them around Patella's neck, and held one of the ends of the ribbon in her left hand. Then she picked the cap up again in her right.
"What's your dog's name?"
"Patella."
"Could you tell her to roll-over for me?"
Winnie moved away from the wall to give Patella room, released the homemade leash and said "Roll Over." Patella did. Winnie pointed back to the wall and Patella obeyed. Winnie picked up the end of the make-shift leash again. 
"Do you like dogs?"
Winnie nodded.
"Do you have any others at home?"
"Scapula. One of Patella's."
"Would it be fair to say that you have bred them and trained them?"
"Definitely. I picked out Patella's mate."
"An experienced breeder and trainer had a dog without a leash for a temporary period of time but has her on leash now. I don't see the infraction, Smitty."
"No baggies."
The constable looked around. "They don't appear to have needed any."
"No busker permit."
"It's April. Busking season starts in May. The three buskers on Robson Street didn't seem to bother you."
"Grandmother is drunk."
The constable moved in front of Granny. "I'm sorry about this," she breathed to her. "Your name, please." 
"Yolanda."
"Please exhale, Yolanda." ... "Peppermint tea, Smitty."
"The cap is full of money. Gotta be a crime in there somewhere. Soliciting?"
"A six year old girl? Are you out of your mind?"
"She could be. No telling with them."
"You. In the black jacket. What was Winnie doing?"
"Wonderful magic tricks," the old guy in the jacket said.
"Community coach?" she asked. Kind of hard to be wrong with the word Coach embroidered on his sleeve.
"Warriors Basketball Club," he said. "We're in Victoria."
"You, in the blue suit. What was Winnie doing?"
"Wonderful magic tricks with the dog. Amazing tricks."
"Do you work in this city?"
"Doctor. St. Paul's Hospital down the road."
"Smitty, two community citizens have vouched for her. These same two citizens have phone cameras that have recorded every idiotic word coming out of your bigoted mouth. Put your ticket pad away."
The lady constable motioned the two camera holders to approach her. "You mind turning off your cameras now?"
Both men did.
"If what you taped were to appear in the media, yes, the police would be embarrassed, but only until the next news story. These two people would be affected by the media exposure for much longer. How about you trash the videos, I move Smitty out of here, and we forget the whole thing? As they say in basketball, No harm, no foul."
Both men trashed the video in front of her. "How'd you know about the basketball?" the old guy in the Warriors jacket asked.
"There's a basketball in your team logo," she answered.
"Oh, yeah. Senior citizen moment," he explained and she laughed. 
"There's a line up forming at MacDonalds, Smitty. They may need crowd control. Don't call me Gorgeous again. Name is Vitali. Remember it."
"Just complimenting you, Vitali. Nothing wrong with that."
When Smitty's fat backside had slunk out of view, Constable Vitali turned to Winnie. "May I see your cap?"
Winnie showed her.
"You can't have that much money lying loose down here. It's too dangerous."
"I have Patella."
"True, but if Patella hurt somebody, they'd put her down. It wouldn't matter that she was defending you. A wolf in the city would not go over well, and don't tell me that she's a dog. I was born and raised in the Cariboo."
"My pockets are already full."
"I can take some," Granny offered.
"Were you going to put all of that towards arthritis pills?"
Winnie nodded. "I didn't know how much they would cost. My grandfather's arthritis is very bad. I was going to buy as many pills as I could. We can't come to Vancouver very often."
"Recommendation, Doctor?"
"Where's the pain?"
"Knuckles."
"Rheumatoid arthritis, probably. I'd need to examine him to be sure."
"Not really possible for us," Granny said. 
"It will have to be over-the-counter medication. Try Ibuprofen. Instructions for its use are on the container. Cut back the dosage if your grandfather gets an upset stomach."
"You wanted to meet with me?" Winnie asked.
"I did. I know it's silly, but I thought that you were reading people's minds and somehow telling Patella what to do."
Winnie snorted. 
"I know. Crazy. How'd you do it?"
"I can't tell you that. Magic tricks have to be kept secret."
"Why did you agree to meet me? You knew I'd be asking."
"I wanted to ask you what books we should buy so that we could learn how to help my grandfather. Proper medical books. Like if you went to a university."
"I have one in my office that I'm not using any longer. It's a little out of date. I'll give it to you. But you'll find it very hard to understand."
"We have somebody back in the compound that can understand it. How about I give you the $100 bill back to you in exchange?"
"OK. I'll meet you back here in twenty minutes."
"No drug store is going to sell her all those bottles of Ibuprofen," the old guy said.
"I think you will need a police escort to guard that money and convince the druggist that you aren't making some crazy new drug," Constable Vitali said. 
Half an hour later, Winnie was clutching a thick book and Patella was carrying a thick, heavy plastic bag hanging from her teeth. Granny approached Constable Vitali and said quietly: "Thank you. You were very kind."
"I hate this job," the constable said. "So much bigotry everywhere."
"It's going to get worse before it gets better," Granny said.
# # # # # # # #
A retired teacher returned to her home in Surrey later that afternoon. Her brother's black coaching jacket was slung over the back of a chair. David was visiting from Victoria for a day or two. Dianne wandered into the kitchen and saw him engrossed in a whole lot of papers strewn across the dining room table. "What'cha doing?"
"Planning. I saw a little aboriginal girl named Winnie performing the most amazing magic tricks with her dog. Actually, a wolf. She and her granny were down in Vancouver from the interior to raise enough money to buy her grandfather some arthritis drugs."
"What are you planning?"
"I'm going to write a series of science fiction e-books for young adults. You mind for a bit? I gotta think to myself."
"I prefer it when you think to yourself," Dianne said. "Means there's less stress on the people around you."
I'll set it sometime in the future. In the interior, near Cranbrook. Little Winnie and her wolf. Two wolves, she said. Both named after bones in the body. So I'll have her interested in medicine. 
There's somebody who has some medical skills in their compound, she said. They must live in a little community. So I should have a Doc as one of the characters.
Plus the grandfather with arthritis. The grandmother. Yolanda. Not sure about that. That's a young woman's name. Perhaps I could make Yolanda the name of the mother?
The father was in military service of some kind. I'll make him RCMP. 
I can have lots of kids in the family. I'll need other people too. An extended family of some kind?
Family. Family. 
"Dianne, I'm going to write Lily into my series."
"You can't put your own granddaughter into your books. She's only three years old. There are rules!"
"She can be the ancestor of one of the characters. I can do whatever I want. It's science fiction."
I can do whatever I want. Whatever I want. The arthritis doctor had thought that Winnie was mindreading, so that can be what she does. She mindreads by looking at faces; she also can communicate with her wolves through mind-messages.
Whatever I want... Invisibility? Flying through the air? Means I need a scientific genius somewhere in the family. 
What about time-travel? Could be tricky. What if they travelled back in time and saw somebody they shouldn't and that changed the future? I'll have to think about that. 
 "Dianne. I need the name of a villain."
David's sister came over to the table, clapped her hands to her cheeks, and said, "A villain in a novel? Yikes. Who would have thought?"
Yikes. That's good. Not Yikes. Perhaps Yike. Spelled differently? Zzyk? 
"Do you want to be in the book?"
"Definitely not!"
I'll put her in anyway. Just to tease. "Good, you'd probably ruin the entire series."
"I'm not the one who will ruin the series. Tell me you're not going to put any puns into the books."
Puns. Good idea. 
"I thought you were focusing on coaching girls basketball. You know – terrorizing little girls."
"Terrorize in the evening, write during the day."
"Are you sure about this?" Dianne was trying to warn her brother. Poor guy. He's not going to sell a single copy. He's far too weird. Always has been. Puns in a science fiction book? Really? 
The constable said something about soliciting. I could have a streetwalker. A young girl. Heart of gold? No. That's too boring. A predator. Put her in later in the series when the boys in the family are growing up? 
Lots of wolves. Too many? What about cats too? Not house cats. Panther?
Melissa had warned them that time travel could have unexpected consequences if something happened that wasn't supposed to happen. Serious consequences for mankind, even. She hadn't warned them about two Wilizy time-travellers encountering one inconspicuous old man who would get the idea to write about a family of ... well, a family like the Wilizy. Think of the psychological harm he could do to his readers now that he's glimpsed the future. Puns in a science fiction book to begin with. Don't complain that you weren't warned. 

 Back to the Table of Contents
 Chapter 23

Double-Tom's offer to supply Stu with more nieces had prompted a conference of the key players. Stu was in the warden's office; Granny, Wanda and Momaka were in Granny's house; Melissa, Mac, Yollie, TG, William and Wolf had risen early to participate from the satellite compound; Hank and Doc were in the WZBN office; and Winnie and Patella were cruising around in the sky. 
"We had started the operation thinking that we'd just trick Double-Tom into confessing on camera that he had murdered his wife and her lover," Granny opened. "That would be a capital crime and we could have a legitimate trial. Some of us would like the operation to continue past that."
"For what purpose?" Hank asked.
"He offered to supply nieces to Stu. That means that he has supplied nieces before."
"We can only sentence the man to die once," Wolf said. "Didn't we want to wrap this up quickly so that Dreamer could have a normal life without being scared of him molesting her again?"
"She's doing OK now," Wanda said. "If we can find out how Double-Tom plans to supply nieces to Stu, we might obtain some information that could help us prevent men like him from kidnapping other girls."
"There's been a long history of young aboriginal girls disappearing in B.C." Yollie's contribution.
"Are we going to start focusing on kidnappers too now? I'm not arguing. Just asking." Doc was probably the most sensitive of the men in the meeting.
"You won't be focusing. We will." Granny said.
"Who's we?" TG asked.
"The Raging Gardeners," Wanda said.
"Who's that?" Although he was battle commander, Stu was completely out of touch with compound activities.
"Every woman here at this meeting," Yolanda answered.
"Plus Patella," Winnie added.
"Hamlet said that T'is an unweeded garden that grows to seed," William deposited his two farthings' worth of Shakespearean quotes into the discussion. 
"Forsooth! Tell Shakespeare's little piggie that the Raging Gardeners will be doing some weeding," Granny quothed. 
# # # # # # # #
Lucas was sitting in Candi's living room in a kitchen chair with his feet up on another kitchen chair. He was playing Star Trek. She was in her bedroom, changing again. Candi had invited him into her bedroom this visit. The door had been closed the other times he had come back to her place. It was a fancy bedroom. Big, soft bed. It would be good for sitting on and playing his game. Lucas tried to find a signal but couldn't. WiFi dead zone, he concluded and went back to the living room. 
Lucas figured that Candi must really like the colour red because she had a big red heart on the wall over her headboard. The two small bedroom lamps had a frilly kind of red lampshade that must have made it very hard to read in bed. The lampshades would have cut the light down to a dim red glow. She also had lots of pink and red cushions which Lucas hadn't thought would be of much use, but was kind of wishing that he had one now. Kitchen chairs are not built for two hours of straight time on an electronic game. 
Lucas was sitting on a hard chair in Candi's apartment because after the noon rush was over, Candi had asked Lucas if he would like to change their arrangement. Her bills were high and she'd like to find another way to thank him for protecting her without having to pay him. She asked him if he had any ideas about how they could do that, but Lucas thought about it and came up with nothing. So she had suggested that they go back to her apartment where they could think about it some more. Lucas thought about it while Candi was changing in her bedroom. He knew she was changing because she had accidentally left the door wide open. He turned away, of course. Then he became engrossed in his game and didn't notice much of what she was doing any longer. He thought that she was cleaning the kitchen. It must have been sweaty work because she wasn't wearing much and she was always changing what she was wearing with her bedroom door wide open. He caught a glimpse of her from time to time when she passed in front of him on the way to the kitchen, but he didn't want to look at her when she was cleaning; she might try to enlist him into cleaning too.
# # # # # # # #
"These are good," Double-Tom said. "What are they?"
"A combination of chocolate and peanuts. They're an experiment. I'm trying different recipes and asking for reactions. The guards liked the chocolate and peanut butter tart things best."
"Those were good. But they were too big for me. You should make the tart shells smaller so that you could eat the chocolate/peanut butter tart all at once or in two bites. The chocolate and caramel combination was good too. I didn't like the chocolate and marshmallow. Stuck to my teeth too much. The chocolate covered mint is for sissies."
 "OK. Good to know."
"Did you give any more thought to my offer?"
"I told you already. I have no problems with supply."
"You didn't say why."
"My assistant has contacts with an organization down in the U.S. They supply nieces to her; she delivers them to me. I'm nowhere to be found in the arrangement. I want to keep it that way. Makes me untouchable."
"Is her contact a guy in Seattle working for Safe Haven Ranches?"
"Might be. I don't ask where she finds the nieces." 
(Stu didn't know anything about this Safe Haven Ranches group, but he did realize that the lead was worth pursuing. Stu hadn't been too involved in the Mutant Teenage Torpedo operation. Safe Haven was the group that ordered the dog collars from North Korea. Apparently Safe Haven was where electronic dog collars went so that they could be put around human necks. Other Wilizy members listening to the conversation recognized the name.)
"I've sold some girls to their buyer. He knows me, but I don't have much access to white, blue-eyed blonde girls. He pays the most for blondes, but he won't let any suppliers hurt them. They can be as young as six years old. I can sell him other girls at a lower commission but they have to be at least ten. For them, their guy doesn't care what condition they're in when they arrive."
"You focus on brunettes then?"
"Yeah, of course. There's way more of them. Plus there are no restrictions on what happens during the kidnapping and delivery. It's easy to make good money if you're careful. A young girl disappears near a river and everybody assumes that it was an accident."
"Like at Clearwater with your wife?"
"Yeah. You got me on that. But she wasn't for Safe Haven. I killed her because she was cheating on me. I would never have made any money off her because she was way too old. But I tell you, there were no witnesses! I'm not dumb."
"Where'd you put her body?"
"Deep cave in closer to Clearwater and by the river. After I stuffed her out of sight, I let the canoe drift back down the river. Her lover is in the cave too. Very tall, skinny guy. I don't know why she was interested in him."
"Women are hard to understand sometimes. You happen to know the name of the man you killed?"
"Yeah. I followed him around for several days before I ambushed them. Sam Buck."
"That explains it."
"Explains what?"
"Why Doc became involved and is going to be checking your heart right after your trial."
"Why?"
"I only told you how he's known in legal circles. As Doc. That's not his real name. His first name is Bill. Last name is Buck." 
"I really am fried!"
"Perhaps not."
"You're taking my case?"
"Only if you tell me everything you know. No more secrets. I'll be grasping at straws to get you out of this."
"Agreed."
"This Safe Haven group. Could they help you out up here? What do you know about them?"

 Back to the Table of Contents
 Chapter 24

It was the third week of April – a couple of days after D-T had told Mr. Stu everything he knew about the Safe Haven group. The prison officers must have been off their feed this night because Mr. Stu had brought a full plate of chocolate goodies back to his cell and had decided to share.
"This is amazing," D-T said, holding up a long bar with chocolate on the outside and peanuts, caramel and fudge inside. 
"I found that recipe on the Internet. A very old example of a chocolate bar. I'm thinking of calling it Oh Henrik. 
"Why the strange name?"
"Its original name might still be taken. I'm going to change the recipe some too. Perhaps throw in some marshmallows."
"Not marshmallows. They're too hard; plus they don't have any taste. What about putting in Rice Crispies like you did with the bar I just ate?"
"Might work. Try these little discs."
Double-Tom tipped the plate so that the discs all fell into his hand. He tossed them one at a time into his mouth. Chewed and considered. "They're good. Crunchy shell with chocolate inside. I like the different colours on the shells. Orange, yellow, green, blue, and red. You could eat them in a different order each time and always have a different taste. I like that. I think I'd eat the red ones last. They're the best. What are you calling these?"
"I'm thinking of calling them Dumbies."
"Why that name?"
"I dunno. Just seemed appropriate."
# # # # # # # #
"Did that Safe Haven information help you at all?"
"Not yet, but I'm going to be checking them out further. I do have an alibi for you, though."
"Good. Are you going to have that last chocolate bar?"
"No. Go ahead."
Once again, Double-Tom sampled the bar. Stu had to turn away. D-T had the disgusting habit of keeping all of the food he was munching at the front of his mouth and chewing with his mouth open. "It's good. Mushy. What's its name?"
"I'm thinking of calling it a Venus Bar. You want to learn about your alibi or not?"
D-T sucked the chocolate off his fingers and motioned for Mr. Stu to continue. 
We could have gotten a confession out of him two months ago by tying him up and holding a chocolate bar under his nose. "On the day that your wife was murdered, you were in an intensive counselling program. In fact, you were in that program the whole week." 
"Do I have a witness?"
"Yes." 
"Believable?"
"Definitely. High-ranking official of a major prison. This is a man who likes to give back to the community. He counsels former prisoners and helps them combat the evils of alcohol. Small group sessions, usually. By the way, you're a recovering alcoholic."
"What prison does my alibi work at?"
"This one."
D-T looked blank.
That's why I thought of calling the chocolate discs Dumbies. Mr. Stu gestured at his cell.
"This warden?"
"Yup."
"Why'd he do that?"
"He was a willing volunteer."
D-T understood sarcasm. "What do you have on him?"
"Let's just say that you, I, and he are in the same club."
D-T looked blank.
"Perverts Anonymous."
"Oh."
# # # # # # # #
"Is your end of the bargain set? Will you have a niece for me?" 
"I know who I'll give you. I'll have to find her first. But that shouldn't be too hard."
"Details?"
"Tall, skinny, about fourteen years old I think. I've lost track."
"Does she have a name?"
"Used to be Frances, but she goes by the name Dreamer now."
"Isn't that your daughter?"
"I let her believe that, but no. She's the daughter of my dead wife and her dead lover." D-T was enjoying himself enormously. He was going to get revenge on his wife, on her lover, on Wanda for getting in his way, and on Dreamer for being so uncooperative.
"How are you going to keep her quiet after you ambush her?"
"Klonk her on the head with a rock."
"I prefer nieces that aren't brain-damaged. I'll give you a better way."
"Whatever."
"This is amazing. Double-Tom, are you actually going to kidnap a fourteen year old girl and give her to me, a known pervert, so that I can do whatever I want to do with her."
"Yup. No thanks are necessary. I'm happy to help out a friend. We're friends, right?"
"Perverts anonymous forever," Stu said.
# # # # # # # #
Lucas was back in Candi's apartment between shifts at the school. Again, he was perched on a kitchen chair, his feet were on another chair, and he was trying to concentrate on his game while they waited for school to end. Concentrating was proving to be difficult. Candi was trying on different outfits. She'd come up to him, tap him on his knee, and show him what she was wearing. Or not wearing as was becoming the case. Lucas would say something like "Looks nice" and go back to his game. 
Lucas was finding it difficult to understand Candi. She had whined and complained about her high heating bills, but today, she was walking around in her apartment with barely anything on. Emphasis on the word barely. Then, because she was cold, she turned up the heat. Why? Why didn't she just put on a sweater and sweat pants? One time she came out of her bedroom, completely starkers, and took the long route in front of his chair to reach the kitchen. There, she drank a glass of water and returned to her bedroom, again by the long route in front of him. Why didn't she drink from the tap in the bathroom? She wouldn't have had to walk so far. Lucas decided that he wasn't going to come back to Candi's apartment again. Instead, he'd go into the woods, relax in his sling, and play his game without constantly being interrupted. 
# # # # # # # #
Dreamer and Wizard were telling each other about the projects that each was managing. She had complained about the room being stuffy and had suggested that they go for a walk in the forest. So, that's what they were doing. Hand in hand, but natural like. No Monty-the-Python in view.
"The engineers are still working on the designs for their prototypes," Wizard was saying. "It's proving more difficult than they thought to insert the power unit into place. The power unit will work fine for the small models because the diamond will be small too. But the big diamond is causing problems when we try to manufacture the big power units. We'll probably reserve the power unit with the big diamond for Wilizy use only and that will give our transports a competitive advantage over anything other companies or countries can put into operation. Even though we'll use invisible overnight express pallets to carry most of our freight, we still need to have a visible number of large diamond models that will explain how we can obtain supplies from Asia so quickly." 
"Are the Calgary airport buildings coming along?"
"Yeah. Wanda is on time with the lumber. Her new sawmill is working well. Alberta needs to have more men trained in construction. I mentioned this to Rick and he's going to look into it. He's thinking of adding another kind of school to go along with our medical research school. That school is in Edmonton, so he's probably going to put this one in Calgary."
Dreamer stopped, put her arm around Wizard's waist, and positioned Wizard's arm similarly before continuing to walk arm in arm. "Will that drive up land prices in Calgary?"
 "Yes. We'll purchase a Wilizy office building before that happens. I've looked through one that is completely empty and undamaged. Do you have building plans for the chocolate manufacturing plant ready to go?"
"Everything is on order with Wanda," Dreamer said. "Once they finish delivering to the Calgary airport, they'll shift the lumber shipments to Medicine Hat. Construction men in Calgary will move to Medicine Hat after they finish in Calgary."
"Where in Medicine Hat are you building?"
"Big parcel of land right next to the airport. For the same reason that you're in the Calgary airport. Easy to ship supplies into the plant and finished products out." Dreamer started looking around her at the scenery. "How did your Saskatchewan peanut negotiations go?" 
"Done. One of the reasons I asked you to set up in Medicine Hat was so that we'd be close to the Saskatchewan peanuts. Our deal with Saskatchewan will be different from what we have with Alberta. We'll receive fees for the use of our seeds, but no other cash income. Instead, in the first few years Saskatchewan will give us an unlimited number of peanuts for use in your chocolate businesses in Medicine Hat. We'll pay them the going rate for their stock. Later, when they've planted peanuts over most of the province, we'll take only what we need and they can export the rest. We have first call on their harvests. Jock put me in touch with all the key people. They were anxious to plant something other than wheat in their fields. Saskatchewan is going to talk with Alberta about setting the same export price for both provinces' peanuts so that buyers can't work one set of farmers against another."
"Who gets access to the Saskatchewan peanut shells that are left over from the processing?"
"We do and we'll sell them back to the farmers at a percentage cost of what their peanut price is. The percentage will stay the same so our revenue will keep pace with the costs of their peanuts. We don't have to keep renegotiating when their price rises."
"Smart." Dreamer stopped walking in the middle of a sunbeam shining through some trees. She turned and faced Wizard. "This is a nice spot," she said. Then she stepped close to him, put a hand behind his neck to bring his lips to hers, and with her other hand she grabbed Wizard's left wrist and planted his left hand square on top of what Lucas would refer to as one of her soft body parts.
At first, Wizard struggled to extricate himself from what was another version of the female death grip. This time, they weren't holding hands. At least Wizard wasn't. Dreamer's death grip on his left hand meant that his left elbow was locked tight to his body and his left wrist was bent almost backwards by the manner that she was using to keep his hand in place. Wizard gave up his struggle as the kiss became more intense. So what if his wrist never worked properly again? This was his first ever boob grab, although he hadn't actually thought of doing that. Nor had he thought of talking with Dreamer about their relationship like Granny had suggested. 
They came up for air, and Wizard used that opportunity to pull his hand free and try to stretch out his wrist without her seeing. 
"That was nice," Dreamer said. "I'm glad you did that. I was sort of hoping you would. From now on, you don't have to be so shy about touching me there. But we have to be careful that others don't see us."
Wizard recognized that this was a good opportunity to escape from a difficult situation. "Uh... Winnie and her wolves like to fly around invisibly in their slings in this part of the woods. Perhaps we should go back?"

 Back to the Table of Contents
 Chapter 25

Two days after their return from Vancouver, Doc told Granny that the Ibuprofen pills were working. He actually had some function back in his fingers. Not for anything delicate like surgery, but enough to use a fork and knife. He had a heart-to-heart talk with Winnie and she left feeling very happy and proud. She also left with the agreement that she could come and talk with Doc about anything she wanted to know about medicine, and she could use his body for experiments with her acupuncture needles too. 
Winnie did continue those experiments for a while, and she did talk medicine with Doc from time to time. But mostly, when she visited, she just liked to watch him whittle, a big smile on his face. He gave her one of his best knives and she would sit beside Doc and whittle too. He showed her some of the artwork that he had put back into the woods, and she started to do that herself. Hikers exploring the forests kilometers away from the Wilizy compound in the 2140's found a well-preserved wooden crane that experts authenticated as a Winnie piece of art. That discovery sparked Winnie-ists to pour into the woods and they found five more whittled animals. The crane is currently on display in the Surrey Art Museum. The five other pieces were registered as early Winnie and these are held privately. 
Winnie ended up using Doc's knife for whittling way more often than she read the arthritis book. The doctor had been right about that book. Very challenging. But Winnie did browse through it. She found the $20 bills concealed within its pages and the note from the doctor that he hoped these would be useful if she ever needed medicine again. The book went into the back of Winnie's closet where it remained untouched for a number of years. 
Winnie gave the old $20 bills to Wizard, who put them safely away in case somebody in the family had to buy something in the past. By this time, the time-travel trip to 2013 was common knowledge within the family and Melissa insisted that a search be made to ensure that there had been no negative aftereffects from their visit. She became even more insistent about a thorough search when TG reported that the Vancouver Sun had printed a front-page article titled Genius Wolf? the next day. The lengthy article included a long distance, grainy picture of a black wolf with a little aboriginal girl sitting on a blanket beside her. That article mysteriously disappeared from the Sun's article database two days after it had been published when a power surge destroyed a number of their computer files. 
The arthritis doctor, identified as Ethan Robertson from the name inside the book, had a successful medical career over the next thirty years and established a solid reputation for treating people crippled by the disease. A portion of his treatment time was reserved for people who were unable to pay for help. This was necessary after the B.C. health care system collapsed under its debts and good health care in the province became available only to the very rich. TG found no evidence that Robertson's decision to provide free medical help was caused specifically by Winnie's visit, although she may have influenced it. 
Constable Vitali was Constable Tiani Vitali. She left the Vancouver police force before the troubles, moved back to the interior, and took up a posting with the RCMP where she worked daily with the native tribes. She was honest, fair, and impartial in her dealings. In time, she was promoted to head a small detachment and, from there, she went on to lead larger detachments. Sexual harassment as well as bigotry were heavily discouraged under Vitali's watch. The closest she ever got to the Wilizy was in 2064 when she headed up the detachment in the city where Hank had been born. However he had moved out of that community many years before she got there. TG's judgment was that Constable Vitali was going to leave the Vancouver force anyway and Winnie's presence did not affect that decision. Tiani Vitali was killed as part of the biker wars. She died trying to protect a rookie partner. 
Smitty did influence events in Vancouver in a big way. He was on the front lines of the force when the police confronted a crowd of peaceful protestors just before the riots of '34. Smitty's decision to suddenly lead his squad into an unprovoked pepper-spraying charge at the sign-carrying natives marching down the center of Robson Street became the instigating event for the citywide riots that followed. The police force at that time did not regard that action as reprehensible and gave him an award for bravery. That award outraged other groups prompting the riots that marked the beginning of Vancouver's slide into chaos. 
# # # # # # # #
D-T was at the front of his cell awaiting what he hoped would be a full plate of chocolate goodies. Mr. Stu was a little late so Double-Tom was worrying that he might have had an accident in the kitchen. The dessert platter might have been spilled.
Mr. Stu arrived in a hurry while D-T was in mid-crisis.
"Change of plans," he said cryptically to D-T. "I'm leaving soon. Could be tonight. If not, tomorrow."
"Why?"
"In the next forty-eight hours, my treacherous assistant is going to tell a prosecutor everything he wants to know about me. The U.S. found enough evidence to convict her of transporting young girls across state lines. She walks if she talks. The U.S. told the B.C. prosecutor that they'll have me tied up in knots. It's only a matter of time before the police are here. Warden gave me a head's up. He wants me out of here quickly before they can start asking him questions about how I got a cushy job and a comfortable cell."
"Where are you going?"
"None of your business. It's going to be all legal though. No grand prison escape. Everything on the up and up. I'll have to leave my books behind. I don't expect you're interested?"
"Nah." 
Stu turned and started pulling various pieces of paper out of the books and putting them in a pile on top of his bed. Also money. Also, a little knife. 
"What happens to me?"
"You go on trial. You die."
"That's it?"
"So long as I don't die, I don't care what happens to you."
"Our deal for Dreamer?"
"I don't need her. I'll be safely hidden inside another chapter of Perverts Anonymous. I know an army general who is anxious to keep his membership a secret. He trades weapons for women."
"Take me with you. We can pick up Dreamer on the way to wherever you're going. I can find you more nieces. I know that business. I can keep you supplied better than he could."
"You talked about all your kidnappings, but that was just talk. You never gave any details to prove that you were what you said you were."
Mr. Stu turned his back and started emptying more books.
"Jennie Curtis, ten years old, fell in the North Thompson River near Kamloops in 2081. I was paid twenty klabooies for her. Pixie Landers, twelve years old, got lost in the bush by Shushwap Lake near Salmon Arm in 2081. Only fifteen klabooies for her because she wasn't pretty. Riley Allan, seven years old, tipped over her canoe in the Little Shushwap Lake by Chase in 2082. The Safe Haven guy paid me seventy-five klabooies because she was so young and was a blonde."
"You remember them by year?"
"No. Those are only the ones that I kidnapped close to home. I was careful to spread myself around."
"Write them all down. I'll ask the general to check if there were disappearances like you said. I have a free pass to safety. I'm not taking deadweight with me." 
# # # # # # # #
Like he had planned, Lucas was sitting on the fence when Candi came back from her afternoon break. He looked up from his game. She looked different.
"Do you like my new look? I decided to change my appearance when you didn't seem too interested in the old me. Light red hair now. Shorter skirt. Tighter tank top. No more bulky red sweater. Lots of dark make up."
"Uh... it makes you look like a slut, Candi."
"Yeah, I thought that too. I'm changing my name too. You should start calling me Izzy from now on."
"Izzy?"
"Yeah, from Will and Izzy. You know – the redhead who was blown up."
"I know about Izzy. She never dressed like that, Candi."
"Well, perhaps not exactly. But she was a slut, so she had to have dressed like a slut."
"She wasn't a slut!"
"Sure she was. The blogs were full of it. There were even books about her having sex with anybody who was male and breathing. I know some girls downtown who call themselves Izzy. They have the knee-high boots too. But they don't have the red hair. My hair is light enough to pull that off."
"None of that was true. She wasn't a slut!!"
"What do you care what she was and what she wasn't. Besides, books don't lie. If you had gone to a real school, you'd know that."
"You can't go around looking like that and calling yourself Izzy. She wasn't a slut!!!"
"Who's going to stop me? You? Mr. Star Trek?"
By this time, the exchange had become quite heated. Lucas was particularly angry because he had had a crush on Izzy. He also saw how upset those news stories had made her. And that's why she had decided to die and move away. Because of people like Candi who spread lies. Lucas was mad enough to clench his fist.
"Not in the face, Lucas. NOT IN THE FACE, LUCAS! You can beat me, but don't hit me in the face."
Lucas wasn't going to hit a teacher in the face, but he sure wanted to. Besides, Candi wasn't looking much like a teacher right now.
"Punish me by putting a tattoo on my butt. Just like my last pimp did. OK?" Candi raised her skirt and there was indeed a tattoo right where she said it would be.
"See the T? For Travis. My first pimp. You can put a big L on the other side if you want. L for Lucas. Means you run me. But don't hit me in the face." Candi turned, lifted her skirt, and showed Lucas her other billboard. Advertising space was available as she had said. 
"I'm not going to hit you, Candi." Then Lucas left so that he wouldn't.

 Back to the Table of Contents
Chapter 26

Lucas had fumed all that night. Truth be told, he was a little hotheaded by nature and it had taken him hours to calm down, let alone sleep. The next morning, he remembered what Candi had said about her last pimp and how Lucas could put a mark on her butt to show everybody that he ran her.
Lucas had never heard the word pimp before. He figured that Candi's tattoo was like a brand that farmers put on cattle. He had never thought that a brand could be put on a girl's butt. 
Lucas took to the Internet that Friday morning, May 1. 
From Wikipedia: In PROCURING, a pimp provides the services of a prostitute to a customer wanting that service. The procurer, more commonly called a pimp, collects part of the prostitute's earnings in exchange for sending her a customer. The pimp may also provide the prostitute with protection and may engage in physical force to collect such earnings from the customer. Pimps frequently use physical force, threats to use physical force, and the placement of identifying marks on the prostitute's body to keep the prostitute obedient. Pimps may choose to run more than one prostitute at a time. Most people consider pimps to be similar to perverts since they prey on young people and force them to engage in sex. 
From Wikipedia: PROSTITUTION is a form of commercial sex. Prostitutes may work willingly in the sex trade, or unwillingly under the "protection" of a pimp. In the past, prostitutes frequently worked inside houses that were known as brothels. Today, prostitution is more frequently found in dark alleys or in deep woods. Prostitution between consenting adults is legal in B.C. However any pimp that brings children under the age of eighteen into the sex trade business, whether as a customer or as a prostitute, is guilty of a crime that is punishable by long prison terms. Any adult knowingly having sex with children under the age of eighteen is guilty of a crime that is punishable by a prison term. 
From Wikipedia: HIGH SCHOOLS, also known as secondary schools, are institutions of learning that provide formal education to teenagers. In B.C., students who go to secondary schools will be in grades 8 - 12, and will be fourteen to eighteen years old. 
# # # # # # # #
Eight guards stood in front of D-T's and Mr. Stu's cells. The warden held the official notice that another jurisdiction wanted to try Mr. Stu and Double-Tom for crimes they had committed in their jurisdiction. "The two of you are being shipped out to Saskatchewan to be tried for crimes that are too many to be mentioned here. Saskatchewan will read the charges to you and prosecute you. If they let you live, B.C. may bring you back to stand trial here." 
With that speech, the warden left and the guards shackled and chained both prisoners. Mr. Stu had some things hidden inside his yellow jump suit, but he wasn't searched. Why search somebody who was already in a maximum-security prison?
The guards took them to the front entrance of the prison where a green and white Saskatchewan army copter was waiting. A general in military fatigues descended from the pilot's seat. He was tall and trim, with a full head of white hair, although this was cut short. As military men would do, he strode shoulders back toward the detail at the front entrance and received the signed extradition papers as well as the keys to the shackles and chains. The general nodded in approval at the way the two prisoners were secured. He stepped agilely into the pilot seat of the copter while another soldier in Saskatchewan army fatigues helped the two men climb into the back and shackled them there. He sat in the back with them to ensure they couldn't escape. The general lifted the copter expertly into the air and took a northwesterly heading. 
"Everybody OK back there? You OK, Mr. Stu?"
"Feeling a bit constricted with all these chains, General."
"TG, you want to take those off now?" The general was acting unduly friendly towards a pervert. 
"Is TG one of us?" Mr. Stu asked.
"Oh, yeah. We call him TG because he likes thin girls."
"Did TG pick up the chloroform?"
"I have it right here," TG said. "Plus cloth pads." He released D-T from his restraints, tipped two drops of chloroform onto a pad of cloth and held it under D-T's nose. D-T pulled his head away immediately. TG put the chloroform bottle into the left pants pocket of his military fatigues.
"Where am I heading, Mr. Stu?"
"To Kamloops first, and then up the North Thompson river to Clearwater. Double-Tom will direct you from there."
# # # # # # # #
Later that afternoon, Lucas waited invisibly in the air above the forest next to Fleetwood Park Secondary School. He had to know the truth about Candi and there was only one way to discover that truth. He waited for Candi to agree to terms to tutoring a student. No way was he over eighteen. Lucas followed them invisibly into the woods. Candi pointed the boy to a blanket and both started to undress. Lucas materialized behind a tree and barged in on them in mid-undressing. 
"You've ruined my life," he accused and threw all the money that he had ever earned from her in Candi's general direction and fled. The tutoring student had already made the same decision to flee. Candi picked up the money, re-fastened some buttons, and went back to her fence. She didn't think about changing location. Violent pimps went to prison; innocent girls forced into prostitution by pimps were counselled and released. 

 Back to the Table of Contents
 Chapter 27

Clearwater, the evening of Friday May 1. Double-Tom, Mr. Stu, TG and an unnamed general were watching the front of Wanda's house from the darkness of the woods. The skies had clouded over in the late afternoon and a light rain was falling now from the dark skies. On leaving the copter, the general and TG had put on military ponchos and caps. TG had helped Mr. Stu into a lined overcoat, leather gloves, and a waterproof hat. D-T remained in his indoor, colour coordinated prison ensemble – a bright yellow jump suit with the word Convict emblazoned in blue on the back. 
The general had brought four sets of night vision goggles so they'd have no difficulty seeing moving figures in the dark. They knew Wanda was in the house and they could pick out where she was from the lights turning off and on as she moved about. They had seen no sign of Dreamer. 
"Are you sure she's here?" TG asked.
"No," D-T admitted. "But I don't know where else she'd be. That light is still on in the sawmill. We should check it out."
"There's no cover," the general said. "The mill is in a huge open area. I've told you that already."
"I'm getting cold and wet," Double-Tom complained. 
 "I don't mind staying here and watching for Dreamer, if you want to take off." TG made this offer with deep consideration and thoughtfulness in his heart to a brother pervert's uncomfortable plight. 
"No way," Double-Tom rejected the offer. "She's mine, not yours."
"I'm just saying that I'll help you out if you get too cold and wet."
# # # # # # # #
The light in the mill disappeared. A figure appeared in the misty gloom and began walking towards Wanda's house. 
"I can't see her face with that hat," Mr. Stu admitted.
"It's gotta be a woman," TG observed. "No man would be wearing that hat."
"Or the long coat," the general added.
"My night goggles are very fuzzy. It's hard to see anything with these things."
"Mine are fuzzy too, Double-Tom," Mr. Stu agreed, even though they weren't. "Can you do anything to bring up a sharper image for D-T, General?"
"We have virtually no light on the battlefield. What do you guys expect? You can't see faces in the pitch black with these things. We know this Dreamer is tall. Look for the height."
"Tall. Long stride." TG was the first to respond.
"I see tall too," Mr. Stu said. "You, Double-Tom?"
"The green fuzz in my goggles is tall. That's all I can see. Fuzz."
"She's going directly towards Wanda's house," the general stated the obvious. "That tell you anything?" 
"We may catch a look at her face when she goes in the house," Mr. Stu said.
Unfortunately, Mr. Stu hadn't served in the military. The sudden flash of light when somebody inside the house opened the door destroyed their night vision for anyone wearing goggles.
"I'm blinded," Double-Tom admitted.
"I had my goggles off," the General said. "I saw tall. Female for sure. TG?"
"Yeah, I had my goggles off too. She's way taller than the woman who opened the door."
"It's Dreamer," Double-Tom concluded.
# # # # # # # #
The four perverts worked their way slowly and soundlessly to the back of Wanda's house which was bathed in wet black ink. The general made sure that they stayed under cover and advanced only in small stages. 
"This is as far as we can go with this crowd," the general said in a whisper into his headset. "Are you ready, Double-Tom?" All four men were wearing headsets with soft black plugs in their ears. The microphones hanging in front of their mouths were broadcasting everything they said.
"Yah. I've been ready for this for years."
"We'll go through this one more time," the general ordered. "I want to make sure there are no foul-ups. Everybody tell me what you're going to do. D-T, you start."
"I'm going to crawl slowly towards the back door and set up in the dark at the foot of the steps."
"I'm going to make a noise by the garbage pails," TG said. "Loud enough to be heard inside."
Double-Tom continued. "Wanda will think that it's a raccoon. She'll be in her soft comfortable chair by now. She'll tell Dreamer to check it out. When Dreamer comes down the steps, I'm going to grab her from behind, put the chloroform pad over her mouth and nose, and hold it there until she's unconscious. Then I'm going to hoist her onto my shoulder and take her to the copter. I'll tie her up there. From that point on, she's Mr. Stu's property. He can do whatever he wants to her."
"I'll use a light from my pinky-ring to help Double-Tom carry her to the copter," TG added. 
"Mr. Stu and I will make sure that this Wanda doesn't interfere," the general ended the recital of the plan. "Last chance for anybody to back out. Double-Tom, are you sure you want to kidnap a fourteen year old girl and turn her over to a known pervert?"
"Yah, I'm sure. Let's do it."
"TG, you want to load up Double-Tom's pad with chloroform now?"
TG reached into his right hand pocket of his military fatigues, pulled out a bottle, and spread drops of a liquid onto the cloth pad that D-T held out for him. "Keep that thing away from your own nose," he cautioned. "You don't want to be falling asleep in the middle of your kidnapping." 
# # # # # # # #
Everybody should be at maximum alert now. They're starting. Mac was sending battlefield commands from her invisible station right above the skulking perverts. Wolf, is your party safely hidden? Mac was referring here to Wolf, Dreamer, Wizard, and Melissa. Wolf's group had set up in the forest where D-T had kept his not-so-secret alcohol stash. It was the safest place in the woods because Double-Tom knew that Wanda had set up an alarm system over it. It was the last place he'd ever go. Dreamer would be safe here.
We're good. 
Will, is your group ready?
We have four slings in compass point protection to stop anything or anybody from approaching Dreamer. Theo on the north, Mathias on the west, Reese on the east, and I'm on the south – the closest to where the perverts are currently hiding. 
Mac had been a little concerned that afternoon when Hank told her that she'd have to make changes to the compass point guard. He and Yolanda would be unable to participate. Still, Mathias and Reese were qualified sling warriors. Yolanda and Hank were overqualified for the assignment and their absence from Clearwater wouldn't reduce the protection levels. 
Winnie, what's your location?
Patella, Scapula, and I are in the woods directly in the line that D-T would have to take to move from Wanda's house to the alcohol stash. If he comes this way, Patella and Scapula are ready. 
Doc?
Granny and I are in the Wilizy/America directly above the house.
Wanda, are you and Yollie ready?
We're set. 
Dreamer, can you hear me?
Yes. 
Mac noticed that Dreamer's voice was faint and quavering. Dreamer, we have an impenetrable screen around you. Nothing can get through. 
I have a feeling about this, Mac. Something bad is going to happen.
Melissa?
I'm here with her.
General, we're ready. Release the pervert.
# # # # # # # #
Everything went according to Double-Tom's plan. Mostly. A noise was duly made after D-T was in place. Wanda's voice could be heard asking Dreamer to chase those pesky raccoons away. The back door opened and a tall figure came down the stairs. Double-Tom snuck up behind her and clamped a cloth pad doused in water over her nose and mouth. Yollie turned, grabbed the belt and the collar of D-T's jump suit, lifted the little weasel into the air, and threw him against a big thick tree. That was the part that hadn't been in D-T's plans. Yollie may have said a few choice things to D-T after he bounced off the tree. He didn't hear her. He was too busy losing consciousness. 
# # # # # # # #
Back in the safe zone near D-T's stash, the four people on the ground were following Mac's play-by-play of the action outside the house. When Dreamer heard that her ex-dad was unconscious and captured, she turned in great relief, saw the sliver of a face in the dark that was Wizard, and then her feet slipped out from underneath her in the mud in that part of the forest. 
Wolf was there immediately. Doc, we need you. Dreamer's down and she's not responding. 
# # # # # # # #
Lucas would have preferred being in Dreamer's state. He would have preferred to be anywhere but walking up the cement steps to the Surrey police station. 
That afternoon, he had approached his mom and dad and asked if he could speak to them in private. Yolanda had taken Lucas into their bedroom and Hank shut the door. Yolanda had been immediately concerned by the look on Lucas' face. A look that she had never seen before. Lucas looked terrified. 
Lucas told them everything with a monotone voice – reciting the full extent of his crimes. 
"What are you going to do, Lucas?" Yolanda had asked. 
"Turn myself in. Confess. Go to prison."
"We may be able to help," Hank said.
"No. No pulling strings. I did this. I shouldn't get off because you have influence. Promise."
"Lucas, it may not be..."
"Promise, or I'll go alone."
"We'll come with you," Yolanda had said.
"I won't ask for any favours," Hank had agreed.
# # # # # # # #
Lucas was taken to an interrogation room. His parents were invited to sit in on the interview because he was a minor. "They already know everything," Lucas said. "No reason why they should have to hear it a second time."
Several hours later, a man in a suit approached Yolanda and Hank and told them that they'd be holding Lucas overnight in one of the detachment's cells while they conducted more interviews. "Mr. and Mrs. Wiltz. Your son is facing some serious charges, but he's young and he seems confused by all that has taken place. What happens next will depend on what this Candi person says. You two should go home now."
[Narrator: Since the Wilizy name was so well-known, the family used the fabricated surname "Wiltz" when they had to give a last name.] 

 Back to the Table of Contents
 Chapter 28

Based on Candi's testimony, the Surrey police had kept Lucas in custody over the weekend. On Monday May 4, they formally charged Lucas Wiltz with procuring, repeated sexual assaults on a young woman, using violence and threats to force a young woman to act as a prostitute, and assault on a young man that had resulted in serious bodily harm. 
"The young woman's account of what happened is vastly different from what your son told us," the lead detective said. "She told her story very convincingly and broke down emotionally at one point. We had to stop the interview for an hour."
"Do you believe her?" Yolanda asked.
"Enough to charge your son."
"And this woman?" Hank asked. "Is she charged with anything? Prostitution?"
"Coerced prostitution is not a criminal offense, Sir. Your son appears to have made plenty of money off her. She appears to be the victim."
"Appears?" Yolanda asked. "Does that mean that you aren't sure?"
"It doesn't matter what I believe or not believe. The case will be decided on facts, as much as they can be determined. In the meantime, we are releasing Lucas into your custody. Keep him away from Surrey. Bring him in only for his trial."
"He'll be here," Hank replied. "But not because we'll be bringing him in. He turned himself in and confessed to what he had done with no pressure from anybody. He'll be here because he said he'd be here."
"I'm aware that he turned himself in, Sir. You should hire a very good lawyer. If you're interested, we have a list of defense attorneys who practice in the youth criminal justice system."
"We already have a very good lawyer. He's wrapping up another court case today."
# # # # # # # #
Double-Tom had received medical care while he was unconscious and was transported to the Wilizy's idea of a holding cell. It consisted of a sleeping bag under a tarp in the middle of a large meadow. That holding cell could have been anywhere in B.C. or in the Aboriginal Nation. When D-T woke up, he saw that he had the freedom to wander anywhere he felt like. D-T was responding to a sudden urge to meet his daily exercise quota when two wolves appeared and blocked his way. One of them had to express her unhappiness with his persistence to stay physically fit in a growly, fangastic manner. At that point, D-T lost his motivation to explore the countryside. He returned to his temporary camp which, on exploration, contained all that he would need to survive for a couple of days. 
Doc showed up first on the Monday. Wolf was with him for security reasons, although the wolves made that caution unnecessary. 
"You!" Double-Tom explained when he saw who was walking into the clearing. 
"Me," Doc said. "I'm here to examine you to make sure you're fit for trial. Stand here. Don't move or you may lose some body parts. The wolves haven't been fed for two days."
"I was assaulted by a female monster," D-T complained during Doc's examination. "I think she broke some bones. I have fierce headaches too. I want to bring charges against the thing that attacked me. What was that?"
"That was my little sister," Wolf said. "Speak nicely about her. She'll be here shortly. You don't want to upset her seeing as how you're so puny." Wolf looked around. "Lots of big trees in this part of the woods," he observed.
"By the way, Double-Tom," Doc said at the end of the examination. "I'm not a lawyer. I'm a real doctor. You're fit to stand trial." Then he patted him twice on each cheek. "It's been nice doing business with ya."
"I'm not a lawyer either," Wolf said. "I'm Dreamer's brother." He too patted Double-Tom twice on each cheek. "It's been nice doing business with ya." 
# # # # # # # #
In the next hour, D-T's camp was struck and he was placed in a folding chair in the middle of the meadow. The two wolves decided to sit centimeters away from his knees. They appeared to have a saliva control problem. Every now and then, D-T would hear a wolf's stomach voice its discontent about the irregularity of its feeding schedule. 
Around him, the empty meadow was being transformed. From somewhere out of sight, more folding chairs materialized, as did some tables. People also appeared. Like the little aboriginal girl with the pig tails and the Japanese messenger woman. And lots more people entered the meadow that D-T didn't recognize. All of them ignored the tattooed, wiry weasel sitting by himself in the middle of what was rapidly taking shape as a courtroom with audience seating. Most of the people arranging the furniture were aboriginal, however D-T did notice that a blonde and a red-head were in charge and they were white-skinned. 
At some point, the red-head appeared satisfied, and the blonde said, "Bring the guests in," rather loudly and some young aboriginal boys took seats in the audience. Five white women were brought into the courtroom and guided to chairs at the back of the clearing. They were perhaps fifteen years old. A line of people formed in front of Double-Tom's chair and each person in that line spoke briefly to him.
"My name is Momaka. I am not a person who acquires young girls for perverts. Dreamer is a close personal friend."
"My name is Mac. I am Dreamer's sister."
"My name is Melissa. I am Dreamer's sister."
"My name is Winnie, I'm eight years old, and I saw what you were thinking about me. I really am Uncle Stu's niece but not in the way you thought. I am Dreamer's sister."
"My name is Yollie and it was my great pleasure to heave you against that tree. I am Dreamer's sister." 
"My name is TG, and that doesn't mean Thin Girl. I am a computer specialist, not a pervert. Dreamer is my sister." TG patted Double-Tom twice on each cheek and added, "It's been nice doing business with ya." 
"I'm General Jock MacLatchie. I am a real general in the Saskatchewan army. I am not a pervert." TG patted Double-Tom twice on each cheek and added, "It's been nice doing business with ya."
"You know me, Double-Tom. I'm the mother of the woman you murdered."
"I will be the prosecuting attorney at your trial," Stu said. "I am a real lawyer. I am not a pervert. Stu patted Double-Tom twice on each cheek and added, "It's been nice doing business with ya."
"All rise," a young boy's voice called out. 
The audience stood. Double-Tom also stood when the young wolf closed her teeth on his kneecap.
An aboriginal chief in full regalia limped into the clearing with the help of a big bow. She sat down behind the table that was positioned at the front of the outdoor courtroom. "My name is Granny. I am a deputy of the Royal Canadian Mounted Police. I now show you my badge. That badge gives me the authority to detain suspected criminals, question them, determine if they have broken any laws, and apply justice as required within the Aboriginal Nation. By treaty, my authority also extends to B.C. I will be your judge. Does anybody here want to serve as defense attorney?"
Nobody responded. 
"Looks like you're the defense attorney, Wescott," the judge ruled. "Mr. Prosecutor, lay out the charges." 
Stu rose. "Your Honour, the Wilizy accuse the defendant of murdering his wife, formerly Frances George, a resident of Clearwater. We also accuse the defendant of murdering a citizen of Barriere named Sam Buck. Both murders were committed near the North Thompson River, south of Clearwater on July 26, 2075. The prosecution will prove conclusively that the defendant planned to kill both of these people, and as such, the crime is one of premeditated murder. I draw the court's attention to the fact that capital crimes such as this can be brought before a properly constituted court at any time provided that there is sufficient evidence. I will show to the court that I have sufficient evidence." Then Stu the lawyer, not the pervert, sat down. 
"How do you plead, Wescott?"
"I didn't do it. I was in Surrey."
"Not guilty, it is. Call your first witness, Mr. Prosecutor."
"I call TG."
 # # # # # # # #
"I am a computer specialist proficient in setting up surveillance equipment. With the active assistance of the warden of the Sicamous Regional Prison who ensured that the three cells opposite Wescott's cell were empty, I installed a camera and sound system that would record everything that Wescott said when he was at the front of his cell. Those recordings were automatically uploaded to a computer system in the warden's office. This surveillance was part of an authorized sting operation conducted with the warden's agreement and cooperation. In this sting, various members of our team would pretend to be people that they were not. I was active in installing the surveillance equipment and reviewing the data. I was also active in pretending to be a pervert on the night that the accused was caught in the act of trying to kidnap a young woman."
"Your Honour," Stu added. "Such sting operations have been approved by the courts going back over a century. As an established officer of the court, I was the lead operator in the sting, pretending to be a pervert and a member of a Japanese crime family that did not exist. I can show you the legal precedents if you wish."
"I wish," Wescott interrupted.
Stu pulled six legal books out of a satchel on the ground, deposited them on the judge's table, opened each of them to tagged pages, and waited.
"Precedent has been established," the judge ruled. "Proceed with the testimony."
"Your Honour, I draw your attention to the fact that the video excerpts you will see are in the accused's own voice and he is visibly volunteering these comments with no signs of any coercion."
"Proceed."
 # # # # # # # #
I've sold some girls to their buyer. He knows me, but I don't have much access to white, blue-eyed blonde girls. He pays the most for blondes, but he won't let any suppliers hurt them. They can be as young as six years old. I can sell him other girls at a lower commission but they have to be at least ten years old. For them, their guy doesn't care what condition they're in when they arrive.
You focus on brunettes then?
Yeah, of course. There's way more of them. Plus there are no restrictions on what happens during the kidnapping and delivery. It's easy to make good money if you're careful. A young girl disappears near a river and everybody assumes that it was an accident.
Like at Clearwater with your wife?
Yeah. You got me on that. She wasn't for Safe Haven. I killed her because she was cheating on me. I would never have made any money off her because she was way too old. But I tell you, there were no witnesses! I'm not dumb.
Where'd you put the bodies?
Deep cave in closer to Clearwater and by the river. After I stuffed them out of sight, I let the canoe drift back down the river. Her lover is in the cave too. Tall, skinny guy. I don't know why she was interested in him.
Women are hard to understand sometimes. You happen to know the name of the man you killed?
Yeah. I followed him around for several days before I ambushed them. Sam Buck.
 # # # # # # # #
 "Your Honour. A police team out of Kamloops found the cave that Wescott mentioned. As he said, it was a deep cave by the river. Clothing and other possessions confirmed that the two bodies in the cave were his wife Frances and a man named Sam Buck. Multiple arrows were found lying around and inside their skeletons. I have the sworn affidavits from the police team here. Prosecution rests."
"Defense?"
"I was only playing with your fake pervert when I told him all that stuff in the prison. I knew about him the whole time. I just made up a name for the guy who got killed by somebody that wasn't me. I never knew that he and my wife were lovers. I was in Surrey when they were murdered. I have witnesses." 
"Rebuttal, Your Honour?"
"Proceed."
"Your Honour, we searched for witnesses who might have seen Wescott in the area on July 27, 2075. We were fortunate in finding somebody who observed and recorded the murder. I have those pictures and will show them to the court now."
Stu handed the judge a bot. Several minutes later, the judge removed the bot from her skull plug. "Conclusive evidence, I'd say. Pass the bot to the accused. Are you worried about the accused swallowing the bot?"
"The wolves will be happy to recover it for us, Your Honour."
"You can't be a judge and a witness too," Wescott accused after he had viewed the bot. "This is a mistrial. You have to set me free."
"Wescott," Granny looked at him and frowned. "I am not the witness. When I saw you in the prison, Doc simply asked me who I thought was uglier. Him or you. I pointed my bow at you."
 "These videos are fakes, Your Honour. I believe I have the right to question my accuser." Wescott's pea-sized brain actually did retain some pea-sized kernels of legal information that Stu had mentioned to him in the cells. 
"You have that right. Bailiff, swear in the witness. Wescott, you will confine yourself to questions regarding events related to the murders of these two citizens."
 # # # # # # # #
The man facing Double Tom was a husky aboriginal-like male. Big chest. His name was William.
"Do you swear that you took these pictures that show somebody who looked like me murdering these people?" Double-Tom asked. 
"I swear that I personally took the pictures of you murdering the two people." 
"How old would you have been in 2075?"
"I was born June 2066. I was nine years old in July 2075. Old enough to know how to operate a pinky-ring camera."
"Where were you hiding when you took these pictures?"
"You can see from the shots that I was in the brush."
"From your nose, you look like an Albertan. How'd you escape from Alberta?"
"I managed to pull off my brain-band, met a gorgeous red-head who's sitting over there, and with Doc, we escaped to British Columbia."
"Why didn't you report this alleged murder sooner?"
"No alleged about it. This was a murder. I didn't report it sooner because time got in the way. I'm reporting it now. You killed those two people, plain and simple. I watched you do it."
"Any further questions, Wescott?"
"I don't know what to say. These pictures could not have been taken. They have to be fakes."
"Because nobody was hiding in the brush when you committed the murder?"
"That's right. I looked. No little Alberta kid was there." [Narrator: One again Double-Tom comes up several peas short of a full pod.]
"I will take that as a confession. I find the defendant guilty of two premeditated murders. Such crimes demand the death penalty. Justice will be administered shortly. I am aware that somebody present at this trial has requested special privileges. Wolf and William, will you take the defendant to the justice site and secure him there? I will listen to privilege requests now. Everybody else, go home."
The meadow began to shift back to being to a nice place to spend an afternoon in the woods provided that you weren't a self-confessed murderer. 
 "Take the chairs and tables with you," the person in charge of the furniture in the community hall called out before the audience could leave.

 Back to the Table of Contents
 Chapter 29

Granny was with Wanda in the clearing where Double-Tom would be buried. Wanda had said to D-T what she had come here to say, and she had administered the sentence of the court calmly and quickly. As she had promised Granny that she would. William had provided Wanda with a hand-held version of the flashing red light weapon protecting the compound. Death had been instantaneous. 
Granny was there to help Wanda recover from all the events that had plagued her recently. "Do you want to be present when we deal with what D-T did to Dreamer and to other girls?" she asked.
"No. I've killed him like I said I would. I just want to leave, Granny."
"Let's go to Helmcken Falls. I understand it's beautiful."
"It is. One of Dreamer's favorite spots. Is his perversion going to be dealt with properly? I wish Dreamer were here to see it."
"So do I. Momaka is taking care of the perversion part of the trial."
 # # # # # # # #
Back in the meadow where the trial had taken place, a number of women were sitting cross-legged on blankets in front of a big screen. TG had made another bot with excerpts from D-T's life and Momaka was ready to show the women those clips. She took pains to explain that the other voices and faces they might hear and see were officers of the court running a sting operation. They were not perverts too. 
Present in the meadow were Mac and five mothers who had been impregnated by their father/uncle/grandfather while they were members of Bubba Franklin's church. Double-Tom's face filled the screen. 
I'm not threatening to reveal you if you don't take my case. I'm offering to introduce you to more nieces if you do take my case.
Then...
I've sold some girls to their buyer. He knows me, but I don't have much access to white, blue-eyed blonde girls. He pays the most for blondes, but he won't let any suppliers hurt them. They can be as young as six years old. I can sell him other girls at a lower commission but they have to be at least ten years old. For them, their guy doesn't care what condition they're in when they arrive.
You focus on brunettes then?
Yeah, of course. There's way more of them. Plus there are no restrictions on what happens during the kidnapping and delivery. It's easy to make good money if you're careful. A young girl disappears near a river and everybody assumes that it was an accident.
Then...
I know who I'll give you. I'll have to find her first. But that shouldn't be too hard.
Details?
Tall, skinny, about fourteen years old I think. I lose track.
Does she have a name?
Used to be Frances, but she goes by Dreamer now.
Isn't that your daughter?
I let her believe that, but no. She's the daughter of my dead wife and her dead lover. 
How are you going to keep her quiet after you ambush her?
Klonk her on the head with a rock.
I prefer nieces that aren't brain-damaged. I'll give you a better way.
Whatever.
This is amazing. Double-Tom, are you actually going to kidnap a fourteen year old girl and secretly give her to me, a known pervert, so that I can do whatever I want to do with her.
Yup. No thanks necessary. I'm happy to help out a friend. We're friends, right?
Then...
Jennie Curtis, ten years old, fell in the North Thompson River near Kamloops in 2081. I was paid twenty klabooies for her. Pixie Landers, twelve years old, got lost in the bush by Shushwap Lake near Salmon Arm in 2081. Only fifteen klabooies for her because she wasn't pretty. Riley Allan, seven years old, tipped over her canoe in the Little Shushwap Lake by Chase in 2082. Safe Haven paid me seventy-five klabooies because she was so young and was a blonde.
You remember them by year?
No. Those are the ones that I kidnapped close to home. I was careful to spread myself around.
Momaka interrupted the video clips at this point. "Authorities have confirmed that all of the girls that Double-Tom listed did disappear. We didn't try to prove that he was responsible for their deaths because he freely admitted it. Here's the next clip."
We'll go through this one more time. I want to make sure there are no foul ups. Everybody tell me what you're going to do. D-T, you start.
I'm going to crawl slowly towards the back door and set up in the dark at the foot of the steps.
I'm going to make a noise by the garbage pails. Loud enough to be heard inside.
Wanda will think that it's a raccoon. She'll be in her soft comfortable chair by now. She'll tell Dreamer to check it out. When Dreamer comes down the steps, I'm going to grab her from behind, put the chloroform pad over her mouth and nose, and hold it there until she's unconscious. Then I'm going to hoist her onto my shoulder and take her to the copter. I'll tie her up there. From that point on, she's Mr. Stu's property. He can do whatever he wants to her.
I'll use a light from my pinky-ring to help Double-Tom carry her to the copter. 
Mr. Stu and I will make sure that this Wanda doesn't interfere. Last chance for anybody to back out. Double-Tom, are you sure you want to kidnap a fourteen year old girl and turn her over to a known pervert?
Yah. I'm sure. Let's do it.
# # # # # # # #
Momaka turned off the display unit and turned to face her audience. None would meet her eye. The five Franklin women were huddled into each other, openly weeping. Mac was glaring at the clearing to her right. She had thrust a long thin knife from the sheath on her arm into the ground and it was still vibrating. 
"I expect that you are all feeling terribly angry right now. Angry at Double-Tom's casual way of talking about his sickness. Angry with me perhaps, because I have brought things from your past back to life. I have done that deliberately, knowing that you would feel intense emotions from those events in the past. Events that you have gone to great efforts to bury deep inside you. You think that because they are buried deep, that they do not exist. You think that they do not affect your current life; that they will not affect your future life. You are wrong about that." 
"I was abused decades ago. I still have nightmares. I still find it difficult to control my anger and my fears. A completely innocent event can occur in my life and I will be immediately transported back to the bad times of my childhood. But I continue to heal, and my reactions to my abuse are now short, although still full of rage. But I can control what I do at those times. I use a process called ritualized cleansing to cope with the beast that consumes me at times. Each time that I have the opportunity to engage in ritualized cleansing, I get better. I am going to get better today. You can too." 
"This afternoon, the Raging Gardeners are going to give you the opportunity to engage in ritualized cleansing. You will use your memories of what happened in your past to let your rage flow freely with no harm to you or to your target. You may choose to decline to participate, and nobody will think badly of you. You may choose to participate, and nobody will know what form your rage has taken except for me. I will pop in and out of the nearby clearing to see if you need my support. We will not speak of this outside of our group. You may choose to never return to participate in this form of justice. Or you may choose to join the Raging Gardeners to help overcome your fears and anger, and later, to help others who need our help." 
"In the clearing next to us is a dead pervert. You have seen him tried for murder; we didn't try him for what he did to the young girls that he victimized. That perversion trial has just been completed with those video clips you saw. As you witnessed, he is guilty of monstrous acts against young girls. I invite you now to administer justice on behalf of all of his victims." 
"If you choose to participate, you will go one-by-one into the clearing. You will find a collection of weapons. A member of our group has donated a small sword that you may use. You'll find other weapons for cutting, stabbing, or pummeling. You won't find guns, bows, or other weapons that can kill from a distance. You will heal faster if you get up close and personal." 
"I advise you to speak to the dead man; to tell him what a pervert like him has done to you. Do not try to hold back. Let everything out. Scream as loud as you can. The next time you won't have as much anger to release. If you are concerned about blood on your clothes, I suggest that you disrobe in the clearing. We've provided large tubs of water with linens for cleaning up afterwards. When you are finished, dress and return to the clearing. I will be here if you wish to speak about your experience." 
"I will be the last to enter the clearing. I assure you that I will participate energetically. After I am finished and clean again, I will bury what remains of the pervert in the clearing. I will plant this tree over his body." 
Momaka went to the edge of the meadow and returned with a plant pot and a meter high tree of some kind. "The beautiful flowering Dogwood tree has disappeared from British Columbia because of climate change. I have created a new Dogwood tree that can withstand drought and other abuses. It has been like you – a victim of forces beyond its control. But now, the Raging Gardeners are going to bring its beauty and its strength back to life, just like you're going to bring your beauty and your strength back to your life." 
"This flowering tree will remain in place for many years, marking the spot where a pervert received justice. From this one tree, more will grow around it. In time, many healthy Dogwoods will be in our forests, just as in time, many more victims like you will be healthy. Each victimized woman who sees a flowering Dogwood tree will know that the strength and beautiful innocence of some brave young girl has been recognized and a pervert has been brought to justice. If you wish to participate in a small Japanese ceremony as I plant the tree, you will be welcome."
Before Momaka could finish asking "Who wants...." Mac was striding into the clearing, unbuttoning her blouse as she walked. Minutes later, a horrific scream echoed through the woods. 

 Back to the Table of Contents
 Chapter 30

 At the same time as Granny was holding a trial, and at the same time as Hank and Yolanda were in Surrey worrying about a trial, Dreamer was thinking of a trial. A trial run of some new equipment, you might say. 
The slip in the mud had caused Dreamer to lose consciousness, but other than a mild headache, she was fine the next day. Doc had looked her over and announced that she was as healthy as a giraffe. Dreamer felt much better that evening when a dream popped into her head. She looked at it, thinking – Wow, that's going to happen? A second dream was more of a business dream, which she was glad to have because it meant she had a queue again. It was the first dream that had taken away her headache.
On the morning of Double-Tom's trial, Wanda had asked Dreamer if she was going to be comfortable seeing D-T. Dreamer replied that she wouldn't be attending the trial. She didn't want to dwell on the past; she wanted to think about the future instead. Later that morning, Momaka invited her to a group activity after the trial that would help Dreamer get over the effects of D-T's molestations. Dreamer said that she had already forgotten about them and she had no lingering problems. She was perfectly happy. Momaka had tried to change her mind but gave up when Dreamer said firmly that she had other things to do today. If a mad scientist had invented a happiness-measuring tool, he'd be able to tell you that Dreamer's happiness reached giddiness levels after everybody left and she and Wizard had the compound to themselves. 
Dreamer found Wizard, and after some exchanges with Wiz about how her head was, Dreamer grabbed Wiz's hand, pulled him out of the sofa in the community hall, and headed out of the building. "I have a surprise to show you," she said. "I believe you'll like it."
They ended up in Wizard's bedroom, which wasn't a big deal because Dreamer would often go there with Wizard to pick up study materials. This time, she sat on the edge of his bed and removed her shoes and socks. Next, she lifted the covers and scooted into bed. While Wizard watched in some befuddlement, Dreamer disappeared under the covers, and for a minute, it looked like a large python was wrestling with itself. Her face emerged, along with a hand that held all of her clothes that she let fall to the floor. She sat up against the headboard – the sheet pulled up to her chin.
"I had a dream yesterday about us. How I'm sitting right now is not exactly the same as I was in the dream, but I'm not ready to show you the new me yet."
In response to Wizard's confusion, she said. "They're getting bigger. You know..." and she gestured with her free hand at her chest. "In my dream, I'm sitting in your bed with the sheet down to my waist, but I think we can save that for later."
"Uh, I don't know..."
"William and Melissa slept together in the same bed for ages before they had sex. I don't think we should have sex yet, but we'll take baby steps towards that. Today, we'll cuddle under the sheets but we won't look at each other. The next time, I may let you peek at the new me under the sheet. The next time, if I'm ready for it, you can peek at the new me and touch them too. The next time... Well, we'll take baby steps, one new thing after the other. Best thing is I know that today is going to come true. It's the first dream in my queue."
Wizard was just standing there. The expression deer in the headlights couldn't describe his emotions. A mouse tumbling in the froth of an oncoming tsunami would be more accurate. 
 Dreamer patted the bedspread next to her. "Do you want the left side or the right side of the bed? I don't care. You can decide that part of our sleeping together. You'll have to take all your clothes off, Wiz, but I won't look because that can come later. Baby steps."
...
"Wiz. You'll need to sit down to take off your shoes, won't you?"
...
"Wiz. Sweetie. Where are you going?"
...
In her consternation at seeing Wizard leaving (i.e., fleeing) his bedroom, Dreamer forgot to hold the sheet to her chin, and as gravity can be prone to dictate, gravity did indeed dictate and the sheet fell to Dreamer's waist. As Wiz's footsteps quickly receded into nothingness, Dreamer's dream became perfectly accurate. Her dreams always came true and this one did too. Sadly, Dreamer had failed to notice that in her dream, she was alone in Wizard's bed. 
# # # # # # # #
Later that morning, Wizard was waiting in his parents' bedroom when they came home. He had locked the door from the inside. 
Dreamer was no longer in the compound. Her brain-plug indicated that she was at the satellite compound. But nobody else was there. Yollie found her on the step of the front porch to Melissa and William's home when she returned from the trial. Dreamer insisted that she had to speak with Melissa. Yollie told her that Melissa was on assignment. Dreamer would have to talk with Yollie or go back to the home compound. While she was making up her mind, Yollie needed help. Both twins needed their diapers changed. 
# # # # # # # #
Later that evening, Momaka and Stu were sitting in the community hall, working on a set of recipes. Cookbooks were spread around the table. It had been an intense day, to say the least, and all of the other Wilizy were bedded down for the night. 
Hank and Yolanda were in their bedroom, fretting about how they shouldn't have restricted the kids so much to the compound. None of them had been exposed to the real world. If they had only let Lucas learn what life on the outside was like, he wouldn't have been so gullible. 
They agreed that Wizard had acted wisely, if late, but they marveled that so much had happened behind their backs. A few angry mind-messages had crossed the airwaves from Yolanda to Granny. Hank and Yolanda were now sharing some doubts about Dreamer and her continued residency in the compound.
Granny took Yolanda's criticism without complaint, admitted to herself that she should have broken Wizard's confidence, but she had chosen not to. Who would Wizard go to the next time if she had? She and Doc talked and they agreed that Wanda was not ready to hear this news about Dreamer tonight. Dreamer was safe for now with Yollie. 
Lucas was asleep somewhere. He had unscrewed his brain-plug to turn off the tracker, loaded up several backpacks with supplies, and disappeared. He could not be reached. Some pressure was brought to bear and Theo admitted that he might know where Lucas was camping. Yolanda told Theo that he might find some hot food on the kitchen counter. Theo served as a hot food courier for the three days that Lucas lived in the woods before the trial. Lucas remained alone and communicated with nobody, not even with Theo during this time. Theo didn't even see him. He'd leave the plate of food high in a tree and the next morning it was clean. Raccoons? Lucas? 
Lucas had left a big handwritten sign on the fridge before he had turned himself into the Surrey police. "I'm sorry!" he had written. Other than that, the youngsters knew nothing and no adult would tell them anything other than Lucas was having some difficulties right now. With stress levels in the compound reaching historic highs, Winnie was curled up in the woods with her two wolves. William's special visor was helping a bit, but she wasn't healthy enough to even try to pry into what was going on in Lucas' life. 
Mac had come back from her experience in the woods with the courage to tell Wolf what had happened to her when she was living on Regina's streets and working at her first restaurant. She left immediately afterwards to tell her dad as well. He would undoubtedly blame himself, and Mac didn't want that to happen, but she didn't know how to stop it. Nevertheless, she flew to Saskatoon immediately after her brief conversation with Wolf. Wolf was left to pick up Jock from the babysitter and pack up supplies that would last them a week. He arrived at the Saskatoon base to find Mac cuddled in her dad's arms. Mac's family would remain in Saskatoon for the full week and would not participate in the events that would dictate if Lucas would return to a cell or not. 
# # # # # # # #
Given this backdrop of high stress levels within the entire Wilizy family, why were Stu and Momaka sitting in the community hall looking at recipes? Recipes? Really?
They weren't. The open, scattered cookbooks were just the camouflage Stu and Momaka used when they wanted to have a private and personal conversation without anybody suspecting that they were more than colleagues. 
"How was the tree planting ceremony?" Stu asked. 
"Fine. Everybody stayed to the end, which is a good sign. We all left composed. D-T was starting to decompose."
"Good one. And you? Did you have a go at what remained of D-T's body?"
"I had some healthy exercise," Momaka admitted. 
"Too bad that Dreamer wouldn't attend."
"I hope the family doesn't judge her too harshly over what happened with Wizard. She's not a sexual predator, but that's what the family is thinking right now. Dreamer's life is controlled by her dreams. She goes where they take her. She'd never have climbed into Wizard's bed if the dream hadn't indicated that she was going to."
"She comes across as bossing Wizard around."
"She's not bossy, but she does need to take control of situations. And that's a direct result of D-T's molestations. Victims like Dreamer never want to be in any situation where they don't have complete control. It's their way of coping. She needed the ritualized cleansing but missed it."
"You saw the damage in her the first time you met, right?"
"Yes. We bonded immediately because we had similar histories. I saw Mac's injuries immediately too. She'll be healed soon, I think."
"Why so quick for her and not for Dreamer?"
"Because of Dreamer's age when she was victimized. Mac had a much worse experience, but she was older. Plus she has a different personality. I think every woman in the world at some point or other in her life becomes the victim of sexual abuse, or abuse in a related way, Stu. Some need help more than others. It's the price women have to pay for being the superior gender, I guess."
"What happened to the shy, retiring gardener? Is she taking shots at the superior gender now?"
"When my companion is near, he energizes me."
"Did he behave himself while I was in prison?"
"He almost escaped once. He scared Winnie when she was being too trusting."
"No harm to Winnie?"
"No. I had enough control. Can you help Lucas?"
"I don't know yet. I'm waiting to receive the information that the Surrey police have on this girl Candi and what she said under interrogation. William, Melissa and TG are working 24-7."
"You brought out the big guns. There's nobody better for this than those three."
"Melissa insisted on being part of the team and is flitting back and forth in time to feed the twins and then continue researching. She has a special feeling towards Lucas. She doesn't believe a thing that has been said about him."
"None of us do. But can you prove his story in a court of law?"
"Remains to be seen."
"Are you acting as battle commander for this operation too?"
"I know the battlefield best."

 Back to the Table of Contents 
 Chapter 31

Stu was pushing the trial date aggressively. Lucas had been charged on Monday, May 4. Stu pushed for the trial to be set for Thursday that same week. The judge had expressed some reservations about that early court date, but Stu overrode his concerns. "Every day is torture for the Wiltz family, Judge. The boy is hiding from his own family because of the shame he thinks that he has brought to them. The defense is ready. The prosecution's case rests on the evidence of one person and she'll be eager to share her story."
Surrey's Courthouse was built shortly after the first ice age, or at least that's what most residents had assumed. It was one of those timeless concrete structures that dominate urban areas that were heavily populated before the crisis. Big, stately, and around as long as anybody could remember. Actually, it was built in the mid-20th century and had not changed on the outside at all since its construction. A long, wide set of concrete steps lead to the front entrance. A much shorter, narrower set of steps descended to the basement. That's where Stu took Lucas, Yolanda, Hank, and TG that Thursday morning. 
They followed Stu down a narrow hallway with closed doors leading to rooms that were secondary to the main criminal courts in the upper levels. Family Court, Traffic Court, Family Maintenance Court, Small Claims Court, and finally, at the end of the corridor, a double set of doors leading into Juvenile Court. 
Juvenile Court was not the courtroom of TV crime dramas. You might visualize a judge sitting high on his bench, a box for the jury, and wooden barriers separating the audience from the main part of the court. Instead, this courtroom was an old, tired, basement room. The judge sat behind a regular table in a swivel-rocking chair, although both were showing signs of wear. (The table and chair, not the judge.) There was no jury box because juries were never used in Juvenile Court. A few folding metal chairs were scattered around the front part of the room – some folded, some set up for witnesses and family who were the only spectators allowed in the room. These chairs could have been relics of some garage sale in the 1920s. Strike that. Not garage sales. These chairs could have been relics of some stable sale in the 1880s. Juvenile Court was where old furniture went to rust, but only if it couldn't be used productively somewhere else. Like for propping doors open. 
The prosecution had a long table and three wooden chairs; the defense had the same. The court recorder had a smaller table but she was off to the side. As was the bailiff. Both had discarded secretarial swivel chairs to sit on. There were only two comfy seats in the room. One was for the judge; the other was for testifying witnesses. A large clear water bottle was upended on a white, plastic unit that served as temporary storage for the unrefrigerated water. No glasses or cups of any kind were in sight. Lawyers had learned to bring their own. If they were smart, they brought their own water too. The green tinge of the water in the big bottle was not encouraging. That was one of the reasons why Hank was carrying a large brown wicker picnic basket into the courtroom. TG was carrying its much heavier mate. 
The room was empty when they arrived. Stu seated the family at the defense's table while TG unloaded legal reports from his picnic basket. These were organized into twenty packages. Each package consisted of: the original of a legal report intended for the judge; a copy of that report intended for the prosecutor; and a second copy intended for Stu. These twenty packs ended up in a meter high stack of paper on the corner of the defense's table within Stu's easy reach. TJ ensured that the reports were in the order that Stu had designated earlier with a penciled number on the backside of each pack. Judges don't appreciate having to wait while an attorney fumbled through a meter high stack of paper mumbling to himself, "I know I had it here somewhere." 
TJ had his own reports to present but these were on a bot which fit easily within his shirt pocket. He took a metal chair to the very back of the room, sat in it, tilted the chair back on its two rear legs, and made himself comfortable. Stu had told him to sit as far from the defense's table as possible so that the judge wouldn't associate him with the defense. TG was a witness for the defense, but Stu was presenting him more as an independent expert. 
Soon, a young man dressed in a light gray suit and carrying a briefcase entered the room. He was followed by a young lady in a demure black dress buttoned up to her neck. Sensible black shoes; no make up; no red finger nail polish. Nothing red on her at all. It was Candi with an i. Yolanda had to restrain herself from leaping on her back and ripping the lips off her face as she walked by and took a seat on a chair at the prosecutor's table. Yolanda had read her and saw the happiness that Candi was anticipating for what she was about to do to Lucas.
At 9:00 precisely, the court recorder and an elderly bailiff entered the room. At 9:01 the bailiff said, "All rise," and the trial started. 
# # # # # # # #
We'll skip through the opening remarks. That's when the judge reads out the charges, asks for a plea from the accused, and explains how juvenile court works. While he's doing that, let's look at the judge himself. 
The judge was Chinese in heritage. Small, wire framed glasses were perched on his nose. He had a full head of black hair cropped tight to his scalp with hints of gray. Perhaps fifty years old? He wore a black judge's robe but with blue jeans showing underneath. Hiking boots on his feet showed signs of mud that revealed how the judge got his exercise. He had brought a large blue thermos with him – double sized. Presumably filled with coffee. Court cases can often be boring, even for judges. Left on their own to determine when they'll stop talking, lawyers tend to drone on and on and on. This judge didn't take kindly to lawyers who couldn't get to the point. There'd be no droning today. 
The judge called for the prosecutor to make his opening remarks. Even though they had been told what to expect, Lucas and his parents flinched at the attack and at the anger in the prosecutor's words. Stu had brought a folding metal relic from the audience and had set it to the side of the table for himself. Lucas had offered to give up his wooden chair, but Stu had said that he wouldn't be sitting for long. 
"Opening remarks from the defense?" the judge asked.
"We'll reserve the right to make those comments later," Stu said from atop his relic. He had turned it around so that he was straddling it like he would if he were riding his trusty horse. Make that a trusty, rusty horse. In Juvenile Court, lawyers did not have to stand before talking. Sitting on real horses, however, had been outlawed. 
"Call your first witness, Mr. Prosecutor."
"Prosecution calls Candi with an i," the prosecutor said.
While the witness was walking demurely to the chair, and demurely crossing her legs, and demurely putting her dress in place, and demurely placing a small black demure purse on her demure lap, Stu rose, turned his back on the judge and leaned over the table.
"Yolanda and Hank. Put your arms inside of Lucas' arms, hold his hands, and keep hold of each other. This part of the trial will be difficult for all of you. It will probably last twenty minutes. If you can't bear to look at the witness in the chair, look down at this instead." Stu put a large piece of paper with big red letters on the table in front of Lucas. 
She's lying. You know it. I know it. Soon the judge will know it. Lucas is innocent of all charges. I will prove it. Ignore me when I act differently than what you've come to expect.

 Back to the Table of Contents 
Chapter 32

 Candi was five minutes into her testimony when she put her hand into her purse and pulled out a white linen hanky. She used it to dab at her eyes as she reached the difficult parts of her testimony. 
"I couldn't bear to watch when he beat up that boy." 
Sob, sob.
"When he threatened to beat me too unless I started having sex with my students, I tried to resist, but he was too vicious looking. I was afraid for my life, so I did what he told me to, even though, [pause], I was a virgin at the time."
Sobs, tears, breaks in her voice. The judge offered to give her time to compose herself.
"No, I have to tell this story. To protect other women from him. Will somebody stop him if he tries to attack me in this chair?"
"Bailiff."
The bailiff stood up and stared at Lucas.
"I was giving Lucas all the money I received from doing what he was forcing me to do, but that wasn't enough for him. He told me that I had to go back to my apartment with him. Then I had to undress so that he could look at my body. When he got tired of staring at me, he made a fist and said that he'd beat me if I didn't let him do more. I believed him. So we went into my bedroom and all afternoon I let him do what he wanted to do to me."
At that point, Candi with an i broke down. She already had been crying profusely into her hanky. Now she began shuddering in her chair too. 
Stu pulled out his own hanky. It was royal blue with big white polka dots. Not exactly demure. He began crying too. Sobbing, weeping into his hanky, trying to keep the tears from coming down his cheeks by dabbing the polka-dot monstrosity at his eyes. 
"Counsellor?" the judge asked.
Stu waved his hand. "I'll be alright," he said. "It's just so sad."
"Are you (sob) making (sob, sob) fun of me (choke, sob, choke)?"
Stu looked up at Candi from his rusty chair. Tears were clearly streaming down his cheeks. "No (sob). I'm not (sob, sob) making fun of you (choke, sob, choke)." Stu fluttered his hands in front of his face, as people are prone to do when they're trying to say something but they're so overcome with grief that they cannot push the words out. He picked up his trusty steed, took it over to where Candi was sitting, and plopped down next to her. "It's so sad. I see cases like this from time to time, and I can only shake my head. I'm better now. Really, I am." Stu put his hanky to his face to hide his embarrassment, but that didn't work. Again, he broke down. He was bawling freely now. "I thought I could take this. You go on testifying, Candi. I'll just sit here."
"Well, I think I'm finished." Candi squeezed out a few more tears but only to be sure the judge got the point.
"Prosecution rests."
"Counsellor?"
"Can you give me a minute, Judge?" Stu stood up, wiped his eyes, took a deep breath, had a long blow into his hanky, and put it away. He sat down and patted Candi's hands sympathetically. Those were the hands that were once again demurified into her demurific lap and holding a demuristically wet hanky. 
"Oh, no," Stu gasped. "I thought I was finished. May I borrow your hanky?" 
Candi didn't have a chance to say No. 
Stu stood up with the hanky in one hand, grabbed his portable steed with the other, and brought both back to the defense's table where he placed Candi's hanky in plain sight. 
"I have a few questions for the witness, but first a comment. The problem with a tearful courtroom breakdown is that it is so easy to imitate and so hard for others to know whether it's real or not. I'm sure this court has seen its shares of real tears. In my case, I was acting. The sobs, the choking, the halting voice – all were an act. My tears weren't real tears. They came from this bottle of saline solution that I had hidden inside my hanky and which I squirted into my eyes to create the tears that would roll down my cheeks." 
Stu pulled out his blue and white polka-dotted hanky, produced a plastic vial from within it, and held it up in the air. "Behold. Now let's see what Candi had inside her hanky." 
Stu opened it up for all to see. "My goodness. How did that get in there?" Stu held Candi's bottle of saline solution up for all to see. "There's even a little pocket sewn into the hanky so that it can't fall out by accident. Gosh. I wonder if she's done this act before. That's what I thought was so sad. Her acting."
"Court will take a two minute recess. Everybody stay where you are." 
# # # # # # # #
During the recess, Stu opened Hank's picnic basket and poured glasses of water for the people at the defense table, removing the paper sign of bold black lettering in the process. He put a big plate of chocolates on the table and sat down while mind-messaging the following instructions: 
Each of you should have a chocolate nearby. When you see Candi looking your way, all three of you should simultaneously put the chocolate into your mouth, take a bite, and hold the unbitten part in the air for her to see. Finish the chocolate slowly and enjoyably. Do not take your eyes off her when you do this. This is a little psychological warfare. She's going to be unbuttoning the top of her dress soon. We'll fight fire with fire, or in this case, we'll fight boobs with chocolates. 
The judge returned at the appointed time, composed and looking suitably judicious. Some judges call a short recess to avoid snickering publicly during a trial.
"Judge, I brought chocolates. Have a plate. Mr. Prosecutor? No? I'll put it here in case you change your mind." TG is going to keep an eye on the prosecutor. When he starts to eat the chocolates, that'll mean that he knows that he's lost the case. Stu looked up at the judge who had placed two chocolates on his desk next to his gavel. A third chocolate was currently being taste-tested. Looking good. 
"Judge, do you mind if I take off my jacket? It's going to get warm in here."
"Go ahead. Going to get warm, you say?"
"Definitely warm." 
The judge took off his robe, revealing a plaid, woolen shirt with similarly coloured suspenders. He leaned back in his chair and pulled the plate of chocolates closer. Stu, now in his shirtsleeves, approached the witness chair and began rolling up his sleeves. Slowly. Asking Candi with an i questions while he did. 
"Do you understand what perjury is?"
"Yes."
"What's your name?"
"Candi. The i is just something that I say so that people will know how I spell it."
"Do you use any other names?"
"No. Of course not."
"Did you work as a prostitute before you met my client?"
"No. I was a virgin. He took that away from me."
"How do you make your living?"
"I tutor students on the ecological balance in forests."
"Studied that in high school, right?"
"Yes, I did."
"Graduated from high school, right?"
"Yes."
"How old are you?"
"I am twenty-two years old."
"When did my client allegedly sexually assault you in your bedroom?"
"April 24th. From about 1 o'clock to 3 o'clock. I'll never forget it." 
"Have you ever been convicted of a crime?"
"I'm not on trial here," Candi said angrily.
"Objection," the prosecutor said. "The witness is not on trial."
Stu went back to his table, lifted the first pack of paper from the mini-tower, unclipped the copies, and handed them out as they had been designated. Both the judge and prosecutor began reading. Seeing everybody's attention on the document, Candi took the opportunity to undo the top button of her demure black dress. Solely because it was getting a little warm in the room. 
When the judge's head lifted, Stu began talking. "Judge, as you have read, this is a list of precedents that provide that a defense attorney can inquire into the character of a witness when said witness is the sole source of information in the trial and when said witness has shown that his or her testimony may have dubious accuracy."
"Objection," the prosecutor said. "My witness has shown no cause for such doubt."
Stu took a second document from the stack, similarly clipped, and made the rounds. "Judge, as you'll read, this is a list of precedents that stipulate that trying to elicit sympathy in a court case through trickery and sham is sufficient for the judge to rule that the witness is hostile within the legal definition of that term. That ruling is sufficient grounds for the opposing lawyer to be given latitude in his or her questioning."
The judge read the three pages and ruled. "The witness is declared to be a hostile witness because of her use of fake tears. Any further objections, Mr. Prosecutor?"
The prosecutor saw Stu standing at the corner of his table, a clipped document in one hand, and another clipped document in the other. "No, Your Honour."
Stu flipped both documents into the empty picnic basket while Candi fiddled with her second button. 
Flesh has been sighted, Stu messaged. Anybody want to bet how long the third button will last? 
Stu's rolled sleeves were now at his biceps. Out of his right breast pocket, he took out half of a green tennis ball and placed it on Candi's table. "I was at a magic show where this was used. I liked how the magician used it to draw attention to what he was doing. It'll make a funny noise when I press down on it. I'll show you."
Honk.
"I'll come back to the tennis ball soon. Let's review what we've learned about you so far. Your name is Candi and you've used no other names. Is that right?"
"Right."
Stu went back to the table, lifted another clipped pack, and made the rounds. From now on, the reader can imagine what Stu is doing every time he hands out one of his packs of legal documents. I won't bother describing it again. 
"Your Honour. The paper in front of you is a copy of the lease agreement between the witness and her landlord. You'll see that, in the lease, the witness is referred to as Stephanie Hansen." 
"Objection. Anybody could have made up a document like that."
The judge looked at Stu standing with another document in his hand. "Bring it here."
"Judge, you'll see that the second document shows that the landlord has signed in front of a notary public that the first document is a true copy of the original lease. He further attests to the fact that the leaseholder also went by the name Candi."
"Make your point, Counsellor."
Stu lifted a hand over the green tennis ball nose and brought it down. "Honk" the nose said. "You lied under oath," Stu added. 
Using another signed deposition, Stu established that Stephanie Hansen was twenty-six. Honk, honk. "You lied under oath again."
She had dropped out of school in grade 8. Honk, honk, honk. "You lied under oath again."
She had never studied anything at all about forests in school. Honk, honk, honk, honk. "You lied under oath again."
She had been convicted of the crime of Leaving the Scene of a copter accident but was warned rather than being fined. Still, she had been convicted. Honk, honk, honk, honk, honk. "You lied under oath again."
Candi was flinching at each honk now. The judge was barely scanning the documents landing on his desk. The prosecutor had given up making objections since there was always a document ready to overcome his argument. Wolf's tower was steadily diminishing. 
"Counsellor, I caution you that you have not yet proven your client innocent of the charges levied against him."
"I'm honking through Candi's lies as quickly as I can, Judge." 
"Honk faster. We're going to take a recess. Mr. Prosecutor, during the recess, you might want to advise your witness that unless she has a fish hidden inside her dress, I am not interested in what else is in there. She should return to the courtroom with her dress fully closed. We're adjourned for fifteen minutes."

 Back to the Table of Contents
Chapter 33

The courtroom was not quite the same as it was before the recess. A large video display unit was now obstructing the view of the liquid fungus in the water bottle. Stu had replenished the chocolates on the judge's plate and on the plate that was now sitting directly in front of Yolanda. The chocolates weren't there to unsettle the witness. That had been accomplished and Candi was looking at the ground full time now. That certainly made her look guilty. Yolanda asked for the chocolates because she liked them. "A secret passion," she admitted. 
Lucas still wore his stone face. "Will I have to testify?" he asked Stu. 
"No. And if I don't bring you to the witness chair, the prosecutor can't either. Relax. We're almost finished. Is the prosecutor eating the chocolates yet?"
"Not yet," TG said. "He touched one and almost put it in his mouth."
The other change was the presence of a large, muscular female bailiff sitting next to the courtroom's hallway door. She probably happened to come by, saw the chocolates and popped in hoping to be offered some. 
When the trial resumed, Stu called TG to the witness stand and established him as an expert in electronic surveillance systems. 
# # # # # # # #
Stu led TG through a quick recital of some events. 
•	How TG had been asked by the defense to look at the school grounds in the hopes of finding a camera that might have caught some glimpses of what had happened near the log fence behind the school. 
•	How he had found two very old surveillance cameras and had immediately brought them to the attention of school officials. 
•	How they, in turn, had brought in the district's technical expert, and on their own, they had discovered that events in the area where Candi rested between lessons had been captured by those cameras. 
•	How the district's technical personnel had looked through the woods and had found additional cameras. 
•	How, upon examination of the placements of those cameras, the district personnel had learned that quite a bit of the forest was captured by the cameras. 
•	How, through examination of the brand and serial numbers of the cameras, the district personnel had concluded that the order for such surveillance must have been placed at least twenty years ago. 
•	How the school personnel had found an order for those cameras in their computer records. 
•	How school personnel had also discovered that this unexpected surveillance system had come at a time when the school was experiencing a great deal of vandalism on its grounds and rowdy behaviour in the woods. The presence of such cameras was obviously justified. 
• 	How district personnel had also found that the surveillance cameras must have been hooked up to the computer network at that time, but had never been activated. 
• 	How district personnel had found that all the wiring and program commands for that surveillance system were in place waiting for somebody to make a few connections. That activation required the district's technical supervisor to spend only a few minutes online. 
• 	How the school's vice-principal scanned through three months of camera data and saw what had been captured. Knowing that TG had asked for assistance in proving the innocence of a young home-schooler, the vice principal let TG roam through the records but under close supervision. The cache on the cameras had storage capacity for up to eight months of surveillance data. TG had started his study with the video records for October, 2084.
# # # # # # # #
"Objection, objection, objection."
Well, the objections didn't all come at once. But they did come in a flurry. 
"Invasion of privacy!" the prosecutor thundered. That was countered by two pages of precedents. 
"Undue influence by a member of the defensive staff!" This was countered by sworn affidavits from school district personnel that summarized who had been involved in this project, when, and for how long. TG had hardly been involved at all as would have been obvious if the prosecutor had been listening to TG's evidence. (Narrator: TG HAD been involved in buying those cameras in 2064 with Wizard's stash of $20 bills, but nobody asked him about that.)
"Potential planting of fake incriminating evidence!"
"Really?" the judge asked. "You're insinuating that the defense installed those cameras twenty years ago – years before this defendant was born. Then they brought in actors who played out some scripted scenes. Then they managed to date stamp the data to 2084 after the fact. You sure you want to go there, Mr. Prosecutor?"
"Twenty year old cameras are unreliable?"
"Let's see what they show first, shall we?" the judge said. "I'm ordering the court cleared of everybody except court officers. We don't know who or what we're going to see." 
# # # # # # # #
TG had stopped at the end of the first clip. The judge was sitting in his comfy chair in front of the screen; the prosecutor and defense were on either side of him in wooden chairs. The court secretary was facing away from the screen. TG was there to run the clips of the cameras that he had put together into montages. A separate three-ring binder held legal documents attesting to the fact that all of the montages had been drawn from the surveillance cameras. Nobody bothered looking at the binder. Candi with an i was sitting in the hallway under supervision of the young female bailiff. Lucas, Wolf, Yolanda, and Hank were sitting in the staff cafeteria under the supervision of the older bailiff. Yolanda was feeling a little nauseous. "I need to drink something very sour," she had said on the way out. 
"I agree, Counsellor," the judge said. "The witness was definitely taking young boys into the woods well before your client came on the scene. Does TG have anything showing what her tutoring consisted of?"
"I have a montage starting in October 2084," TG said. "Tell me when you want me to stop."
The judge watched for about two minutes before calling out. "Freeze that one." Then he ruled. "Definitely her face. The boy is definitely a minor. Definitely sex."
The judge turned to Stu. "Counsellor, I acknowledge that you have shown multiple cases of the witness committing perjury and multiple cases of the witness having illegal sex with minors. I'll deal with her later. But you have yet to show me that your client was not acting as a pimp or that he didn't assault her. Do you have anything in these montages that provides insight on that?"
"Objection," the prosecutor called as he stood up in panic at what this could do to his case. 
"This better be good," the judge warned.
"Neither the defense nor the school provided the prosecutor's office with information about these tapes before the trial. That makes all of these data inadmissible."
 Stu pointed to the small stack of documents still sitting on his table. 
The judge shook his head wearily. "Boil it down for him, Counsellor. He should have known this."
"It's not the job of the defense to do the jobs of the investigating officers or the prosecuting office. We are not required to share information that we gain in the course of our pursuit for justice."
"Couldn't have said it better, myself. Sit down, Mr. Prosecutor. Eat your chocolates."
The prosecutor did as directed and seemed relieved to be able to do so.
"Show me your client in these montages, Counsellor."
"Coming right up, Judge."
# # # # # # # #
"Stop here," the judge ordered.
"Counsellor, I haven't seen anything so far that hurts Lucas. He touched some breasts but nobody objected. Candi offered to let him touch her breasts too, but she did so for compensation. She was very close to soliciting. They went back to her apartment, but she asked him to go there. Do you have any idea what happened in the apartment?"
"She took all of his money. The next montage is important."
# # # # # # # #
Lucas. Help me.
Lucas. Please.
Hey! What are you doing?
I'm trying to leave the woods. Red skirt here is trying to stop me.
I gave him a lesson, Lucas. He won't pay me.
Is that true? She tutored you?
That's not what I'd call it, but yeah she did. What's it to you?
Then you gotta pay.
Who's going to make me?
"She called for help," Stu said. "Lucas came to her rescue. Clearly, he didn't understand what kind of tutoring she was giving. The boy challenged him and swung first." 
"This was the assault that the witness claimed had happened to some young man? The assault that had frightened her into prostitution?"
"Yes."
"That charge is dropped. Let's move on."
"Here's what happened immediately afterwards," TG said. 
# # # # # # # #
How about I pay you for protecting me instead?
How would that work?
Some of my students are kind of rough. Some are like that other guy and don't want to pay. What am I supposed to do? I'm just a young teacher. They're stronger and bigger. I don't have anybody to help me because I'm self-employed. 
Do they hit you?
No. I stop arguing if they look like they will. I can't be hit in my face, Lucas. I wouldn't be able to work. I couldn't speak if they broke my jaw.
What would you want me to do?
Be there when we agree on the price of the lesson. Make sure the student pays. Get the money first. Protect me if they become unruly. You'd be like the school principal. Keeping order.
I never went to school. What's a principal?
The boss of the students and the teachers.
I'd be your boss?
Not really. I'm my own boss. But I'd pay you.
"She hired him to be her pimp; he had no idea."
"That's the way we saw it too, Judge."
"He's innocent of those charges too. Convince me that he didn't rape her in her apartment."
"These documents will help."
# # # # # # # #
"OK, you've proven that there's a WiFi dead zone in her apartment and that she had known enough about that to complain to the landlord," the judge said. "So what."
"The WiFi dead zone meant that if Lucas wanted to do anything on the Internet, he wouldn't be able to do it in her bedroom. This is a document provided by the host of the game that Lucas loves to play. Some Star Trek derivative. You can see the days and the times that he played, plus how long he took between key strokes. The quicker the key strokes, the more points he earns."
"Now what?"
"Check out the data on the lines I've highlighted."
"He was on the game a long time. Keys clicking constantly. Why do I want to know this?"
"Those data are from the afternoon of April 24. Candi alleged that Lucas took her to her apartment and assaulted her repeatedly in her bedroom from 1 p.m. to 3 p.m. that very afternoon. Those are the times that she testified to. The data on this document say he wasn't in the bedroom and he couldn't have been assaulting her." 
"Bailiff," the judge bellowed. When the door opened, he added these instructions to his bellow. "Reconvene the court. Cuff the witness to the bench in the hallway first."
# # # # # # # #
Yolanda and Hank were delighted with the judge's decision to find Lucas not guilty of all charges. In the history of most delighted beings, only the firefly that had accidentally backed into the rotating fan was more de-lighted. 

 Back to the Table of Contents
Chapter 34

It was eight days after Lucas' trial. Friday night at the compound found Hank and Yolanda in the gun cellar. With Zzyk dead, they didn't need to clean and oil the weapons every week, so both parents were busy working on their current hobbies. The cellar was comfortable and private, and the lingering smell of gun oil was reminiscent of events and days behind them. Other warriors would take the lead for the family soon. Speaking of warriors...
"Did you try to thank Stu again?" Yolanda asked. 
"I tried to tell him how much we appreciated what he had done for Lucas. He said it wasn't necessary. He had finally been able to contribute to the family in one of its battles and appreciated the confidence we had shown in him."
"Two battles actually," Yolanda said. "Five months in a cell next to Double-Tom and running an operation the whole time. Then jumping into another battle with no warning."
"Quite the lawyer."
"I like Stu. I like him a lot," Yolanda admitted. "Not only for what he did in the battles, but for how he's helping Momaka."
"Whenever I walk into the community hall, I wonder if I'm going to see them there, pretending to look at recipes, but secretly holding hands. I cough before I go in so that they won't jump apart."
"Were they there tonight?"
"Stu was," Hank said. "Momaka had been called away this afternoon on some sort of plant emergency. She hadn't returned yet."
"I didn't know plants had emergencies."
"Neither did I. Stu didn't say much about it. They're going to take a submarine ride over the weekend. Big secret again. I don't know why they just don't reveal that they're a couple and climb into one of their beds together."
"Momaka can't. It's impossible for her to be in a bed with another person. Submarines don't have beds."
"Did she tell you this in that long talk?"
"Yes. I'm sworn to secrecy about most of it. I can tell you that she went through abuse that makes what Tom-Tom did to Dreamer seem tame. She has the scars to prove it. Physical scars as well as emotional. Momaka let something slip to me though. There's a significant man in her life and it's not Stu."
"Does Stu know that he has competition?"
"I don't know. I didn't get the sense that she felt romantically drawn to the other man. But he's some form of companion. They have a long history together."
"Should we be encouraging Lucas to participate in Momaka's cleansing ritual the next time she has one?"
"I think we should. He's speaking with his brothers again but Momaka says that he has a long road in front of him. Perversion affects everybody – male and female. It doesn't help that he's a stone face like you. Holds everything in."
"We have to expose the children to real life earlier and more often."
"We have no wars to fight now. That'll help."
"Wizard? Dreamer?" Hank curious and somewhat concerned.
"Long road for her too. Wiz is OK, but he doesn't want to be alone with Dreamer except for business. Have the boys stopped snickering about Yollie's name for the battle Stu fought during Lucas' trial?"
"Operation Fighting Boobs with Chocolate?" Hank said. "They haven't; I have." 
"One point for the male gender. You're still way behind the superior gender. Did Yollie give a name to the D-T operation?"
"Operation Raging Gardeners."
 "Good name. I give up on this hobby," Yolanda admitted. "Everything I whittle turns out to be shredded firewood." She put the whittling knife down in disgust. 
"I give up on my hobby too," Hank said. I can't make sense of this instruction book. He put his knitting needles down in disgust. 
"Finding a hobby to ease gently into grandparenthood is going to be more difficult than I thought," Yolanda admitted. "We've tried both whittling and knitting. We suck at both of them. Do you have any other bright ideas?"
 # # # # # # # #
From a news release to local Internet news blogs

May 15, 2085: Surrey police are investigating the disappearance of a prostitute who goes by the name of Candi with an i. The prostitute, aged twenty-six, escaped from a mental health institution where she was being assessed following a trial in which she was found guilty of a number of sex-related charges. She may have panicked when she was told that she would not be released into a half-way house but would face hard time instead. The police have determined that she had sex with a staff person in exchange for him unlocking an exterior door. 
Candi with an i was last seen in the woods next to Lord Tweedsmuir Secondary School shortly after 4 p.m. today. The missing woman had approached a young teenage boy and offered him sex in exchange for money. From what police can determine, she drugged him with some form of psychedelic drug, however the young man has no memory of ingesting it. The young man, identity withheld because of his age, said that he and Candi were preparing to have sex on a blanket in the woods when a flying brown dragon with huge bat wings and a short lizard tail appeared suddenly in the sky, grabbed the young woman in its talons, and disappeared. 
The teenager's story has been investigated and experts say that he is telling what he believes to be the truth. Blood analysis has shown no signs of the drug that he apparently was given. Blood analysis taken previously of the prostitute has also been reviewed as part of the investigation. The young teenager was extremely lucky. Candi with an i had picked up a sexually transmitted disease and was told of its presence during her stay in custody. She was planning to deliberately infect the boy. 
The prostitute has been known to frequent wooded areas near high schools as well as alleys in downtown Surrey. Males who have had sex with this woman are advised to seek medical attention immediately. Candi with an i is described as looking much younger than she is, with a pretty face and dyed red hair. She may either be dressed as an obvious slut, or she could be in the garb of an innocent teenager in a red skirt and pink sweater. Citizens who see this Candi should contact their local police detachment. 
 # # # # # # # #
 "You're back!" Stu looked up in relief as Momaka walked through the community hall door. "Did Bob take care of Candi?"
"Yah. He found Candi in her favorite haunt. She had snagged a victim but Bob turned visible, scared him away, and snatched Candi. I believe she died from fright. Looking up at the face of a dragon while it's hovering in the air and salivating on what it has in his talons can have that effect on people." Momaka sat down next to Stu on the sofa, picked up one of the new recipes they were considering, and scanned it. 
"Where'd you plant her?"
"Same clearing as Double-Tom. Having two flowering dogwoods close to each other will help them spread. This recipe looks good. Not sure about the ginger."
"I was thinking of substituting cinnamon. Did Bob go back in his cage alright?"
"He got a little testy. But yah, he's contained now." Momaka rose, stretched, and began swinging her arms in giant circles.
Stu got up too, positioned himself behind her, and began kneading Momaka's shoulder muscles. "Sore?"
"More fatigued than anything. This happens every time Bob takes control of me and I have to fly long distances. All that wing flapping is exhausting. A dragon's body is not particularly aerodynamic." 

 Back to the Table of Contents
Books in the Wilizy series

As of November, 2020, there were twenty free novels in the Wilizy series. Check below to see if you've missed any. 

Book #1: I Got'cha

If you think being a teenager in today's world is tough, try being one in 2081. In Alberta's It's Only Fair society, your brain-band will zap you just for chewing with your mouth open. One boy pried his brain-band off to see what living with emotions would be like. Being chased by the entire Alberta army was bad enough. It became worse when another 15 year old kid offered to help him escape. 

Book #2: The Get-Even Bird 

Will and Izzy are forced to flee from Zzyk's army. After months away from Alberta, they fly their sailing ship into B.C. thinking that they would be safe there. Bad mistake! Izzy is captured. All Will has to do to save her life is turn himself in for a free brain-band fitting appointment. That's what happens when you wear a Zorro costume to a dance. 

Book #3: Assassination Day

A DPS technician offers to defect if the Wilizy will rescue his daughter from The Citadel – some super smart military people who are friends with Zzyk. Izzy thinks that their new recruit is an assassin, but Yollie insists that he's a decent man. Can assassins be decent men? It will take a hair-raising experience to find out. 




Book #4: Hoist the Jolly Lucas

It's bad enough that Zzyk pins the blame for two assassinations on Izzy and launches a full out assault on their home compound. But then, another enemy takes advantage of a security lapse to get revenge for a war that happened 20 years ago. The Wilizy are left reeling with two key members kidnapped and stashed where they can't be found, let alone rescued. For the family to survive, everybody must enter the battle. The story is as much about the past as it is about the present. 

Book #5: Teenage Mutant Ninja Torpedoes (Yes, this is a Wilizy book.) 

Mac disappears and doesn't want to be found. Will and Wolf use time-travel to search for her and discover secrets she wouldn't want them to know. The Alaskans attack when Will is finding out what happens to a submarine's air when it is lying helpless on the ocean floor. Between the Alaskans' impenetrable fortress and their bubblegum weapons, life is going to get a little sticky for the Wilizy. 

Book #6: Bob, the Invisible Dragon

Raging hormones as well as Raging Gardeners play key roles when young Wilizy warriors are attacked and the Wilizy's scientific marvels offer no protection. The youngsters' future will rely on a different kind of warrior protecting them. Warning: events at the end of the story will move quickly. They certainly won't drag on. 
 
Book #7: Nary, Nary, Quite Contrary

Theo and Lucas move to Toronto to live on their own. Both meet girls but neither is brave enough to introduce his new friend to the family. They wouldn't have the time anyway, what with villains trying to assassinate them and Voodoo royalty greeting them as though they were Voodoo gods. At the end of the story, Lucas receives a surprise Boxing Day gift that leaves him speechless. 
Book #8: Maddy's a Baddy

Maddy had escaped from Big Momma only to find herself all alone in the cold and begging for food in Eastern Canada. While she's trying to return to her home in Seattle, the Wilizy have their own problems. Everybody in the family is intent on bringing the judge to justice for what he did to Lucas. It would have been so easy for them to rescue Maddy, but they didn't know anything about her. 

Book #9: Bite Me! 

Spurred on by Marie's desire to eat a meal with her former slave masters, the Wilizy plan to put Safe Haven ranches out of business. In the process, they encounter two foreign assassins intent on abducting Maddy. Theo and Nary become closer but a red-eyed chaperone does not approve. The Wilizy's war with Safe Haven starts with a bang but ends with a whimper. 

Book #10: Wheelchair Moccasins! 

A 13 year old girl pretends to turn to prostitution to gain her freedom from her crime boss father. In Wilizy family news, Winnie agrees not to meddle in Mathias' love life. No, the world isn't ending, so long as you don't have a green vegetable for your name. Best advice ever? If somebody wearing moccasins and sitting in a wheelchair offers to sing you to sleep... run!

Book #11: Trial by Nick

After the Scandinavians attack their home base, Winnie develops an idea for defeating Crown Prince Wilhelm that is a dramatic departure from their normal military battles. In their personal lives, the Toronto teenagers have to become schnobs to keep their basketball futures alive, Lucas and Lylah begin dating, and two of EmmaGee's personalities leave her body. 
Book #12. Tickled Pink

A man uses his unlimited wealth and power to assault women without fear of legal consequences. If they object, he'll humiliate them publicly and ruin their lives. If they don't stand up to him, their lives as they knew them will be over. But how do you fight a man who is above the law? Here's how. The Raging Gardeners help the women while Winnie attacks him where he isn't looking. 

Book #13: Second Base

Granny and Doc enjoy a spirited life in their new Australian house while Bean has to adjust to her mother joining her in the Wilizy cadet camp. She meets a charming man with country pumpkin witticisms whose entire life is dedicated to becoming a cold blooded killer. Meanwhile, Safe Haven's impenetrable offices aren't as safe as they thought they were. 

Book #14: Old Stone Face

Bean moves to Toronto with her sheriff who takes a job as a private detective. Before long, he's trying to bring a mad scientist to justice - the same man that Winnie is after. With both the Wilizy and a countrified sheriff after the same man, you'd think he'd be easy to catch. Too bad there are no laws about a mad scientist killing twenty-one babies. 

Book #15: Remember the Halocracy

Reese finds Annika - his first, and only, girl friend. For reasons that nobody fully understands, he sort of kidnaps her but she willingly accompanies him to the far side of globe. Reese figures out later that she could be trying to seduce him when in fact, she's actually going to try to kill him. 


Book #16: Coffee Can Kill Ya! 

Convincing Paula's brother to give her a proper share of her parents' estate had seemed so easy. Turned out that it wasn't so easy after all. In the Wilizy's defense, murdering extra-terrestrials that tried to kidnap a corpse created unique challenges. To their credit, the Wilizy dealt with those. But, how do you deal with something that you can't see and don't even know exists? 

Book #17: Nice Birthday Party, Governor. 

Plot twists abound as the Wilizy take on the Colorado government and the NORAD military simultaneously. Maddy quits the cadet corp to run a secret operation that ends in a one-on-one battle. Melissa breaks Reese out of jail and Cowboy shows his dramatic talents, which do not include stripping. Winnie directs two dramatic productions but only one of these involves wearing respectable clothes. 

Book #18: The Tale of the Scorpion's Tail

The Wilizy have to neutralize NORAD's nuclear missiles while defeating their air force without causing any casualties. A special weapon (guided bird poop) will be needed. Meanwhile, Heaven's guardian angels are under attack from within. The key to success? Rescuing a gerbil imprisoned in an escape-proof cage. "Molly Moonblossom" and "Nympho Maniac" play key roles. One of these actors is Winnie. 

Book #19: Brunhilda, the Steamroller. 

Billy Bump resurfaces and plans Maddy's death. Winnie accepts a secret mission but runs afoul of Yolanda, who is sure that she has a boyfriend. Yolanda's vision that Winnie will be attacked comes true. Demonic infiltrators into Heaven escape detection when the steamroller named Brunhilda prosecutes Arthur and finds him guilty. This time, he won't be going back to guardian angel school.
Book #20: Lock Up Your Corn Starch!

While Paula, Winnie and Arthur are on a perilous mission for Heaven, the Wilizy family is trying to rescue Charlie and Sheila from prison. Wilizy forces battle demented escaped convicts intent on slaughtering innocent victims to help a brown supremacist politician win an election. If you're intent on going to Hell when you die, be sure to read this book for a preview of what's waiting for you. 

Back to the Table of Contents

About the Author

David J. Wighton is a retired educator who enjoys writing youth novels when he's not on a basketball court coaching middle-school girls. The books in his Wilizy series peek at how people lived after the word's governments collapsed in the chaos that followed the catastrophic rise in ocean levels and the disappearance of the world's last deposits of oil. 

Wighton's novels have strong teenage characters driving the plot and facing challenges that, in many respects, are no different from what teenagers face today. His novels are intended to entertain and readers will find adventure, romance, suspense, humour, a strong focus on family, plus a touch of whimsy. Wighton also writes to provoke a little thought about life in today's societies and what the future might bring. Teachers may find the series useful in the classroom and the novels are priced with that intent in mind. 
 
Back to the Table of Contents

