
body & soul
JAMIE LOEAK

Text Copyright © Jamie Loeak, 2014

All Rights Reserved
No part of this book may be reproduced, scanned, or distributed in print or electronic form without the prior written permission of the author.

First Digital Edition: August 2012
Second Digital Edition: 2014

This is a work of fiction. The characters and events portrayed in this book are fictitious.
Any similarity to real persons, living or dead, is coincidental, and not intended by the author.

Body and Soul; a novel / by Jamie Loeak – 1st ed.
Editing services provided by Mara Biggs and Stacy Loeak.
Cover Design services provided by Whit&Ware Design.

Summary:
A demon searches for the source of his humanity.

To those that believe that light conquers all things.
Don’t fear the light inside of you.
Let it shine.


1

The stifling summer heat seemed to caress Kate’s skin. It stuck to her, clinging to her like moist fingertips. The air tangled itself in her wild curls and trickled down her back. The eerie feeling made her shiver, despite the heat, and Kate ran her hands over her upper arms, trying to push the summer air away.
Just beyond Kate’s bubble of tropical temperatures, the cool night air swirled around her bedroom, pouring in through the open window and dancing just out of reach; it was mocking Kate’s misery. Inwardly, Kate cursed her parents for shutting off the air conditioner and rolled over to cool off the front of her body. She imagined her parents, sleeping in a room cooled by their ceiling fan, resting peacefully in their chilly night air, oblivious to Kate’s unyielding anguish. She grimaced at the idea that the heat was somehow “bearable”. Her mom had promised that the night air would cool Kate’s skin and that Kate would be able to fall asleep easily. She said that Kate wouldn’t feel the heat when she did fall asleep; she had been very wrong. This wasn’t one of those stick-your-leg-out-from-under-the-blankets kinds of moments; Kate would never cool down that way. 
Kate sighed and rolled over for what felt like the hundredth time, and in a sudden fit of annoyance, sat up instead. She would never sleep like this. Never. 
Kate sat there for a moment, her legs hanging over the edge of the bed, and formulated ideas. This was a new place; there wasn’t much for Kate to do in the middle of the night. Kate tapped her foot against the metal bed frame, sifting through her options. She could stay up here, go downstairs, or head outside. It was an obvious choice, and in one swift motion, Kate pushed herself off the bed, landing lightly on her bare feet. She padded downstairs to the kitchen. 
In the kitchen, the tile floor was almost cold, and Kate moved across it slowly, enjoying the sensation. The air was cooler too. The space was open, letting the air flow across the room with ease. Kate stood in front of the open refrigerator, her curls pushed behind her shoulders while the cold air soothed her burning skin and relaxed her aching muscles. It was nice to lose the feeling of being trapped by the heat, and Kate decided to grab an ice cream before heading outside to the gulf. Once she had her hands on an ice cream sandwich, she grabbed a glass of water and turned toward the sliding glass doors. She maneuvered the ice cream, balancing it on top of the glass while she carefully opened the back door.
Kate squeezed out of the small opening and stepped onto the cherry deck. Shutting the door behind her, she moved quickly across the scratchy wood, finding the stairs easily. She made her way out to the dark surface of the ocean.
Out here, the wind rushed past her, instantly cooling her down. She paused and tilted her head back in order to relish in the feeling. The sand was smooth and rough beneath her feet, a contradiction that Kate had always liked, and she let herself sink into it. Kate took a small sip of her water, moved closer to the crashing waves, and sat on the harder sand that lay close to the water’s edge. She ate her snack, thinking about everything but the sticky heat that clung to the walls of her small bedroom. 

Kate’s summer was just beginning, and she would be left lounging on the beach every day while her mom researched the ocean and her dad tried to win cases. Somehow, Kate couldn’t feel excited about being left alone all summer long. Sure, the sun would bronze her fair skin, and she could read every book that she had ever wanted to read with few interruptions. However, even though Kate would never admit it out loud, all she wanted was her mom. 
Kate’s mom was always busy researching seaweed, manatees, or other sea creatures. She was always searching for a new grant to fund her research or new projects. Kate was so proud of the good her mom did, but sometimes she missed the cliche fights or ridiculous shopping sprees. Their relationship consisted of forced conversations and awkward silences. Kate was tired of it; she wanted something more, something else. She sighed, in spite of herself, and began drawing patterns in the sand. It would at least take her mind from this.
It wasn’t long before Kate found herself in a trance, not knowing what she was drawing, and when she awoke she found that she had sketched what appeared to be waves or flames. They clung to the surface of a circle that seemed to be half-consumed by the swirling images. It was kind of weird, the way it was a perfect circle, and Kate gaped at the picture for a moment. The flames were a mess of swirls and straight edges. Kate shook her head to erase her tired thoughts and turned to face the ocean again. Tears threatened to disarm her, and she breathed deeply to calm herself. She could not allow herself to break this early in the summer, and definitely not on her first night here.
Kate sat back and let the crashing of the waves calm the uneasy feeling that had wrapped around her like a blanket. She watched the twinkling of the stars, the slow crawl of the clouds as they slid across the sky. She watched as the dark sky lit with streaks of grey and navy. Kate leaned back on her elbows and watched the heavens change colors, creating new images like a twisting kaleidoscope. She stayed like that for a while, watching the sun crawl over the horizon, admiring the change from violet to tangerine to canary. 
When the sun had fully risen, Kate rose too. She trudged back up the sandy expanse, not eager to see the day starting.  She found her mom in the kitchen, mixing something in a metal bowl, and her dad sat at the table with a steaming cup of coffee in his hands, his laptop in front of him. He glanced up at Kate when she walked in and smiled up at her. She offered one in return, but it wasn’t as real, considering the night she’d had.
Her father’s smile faltered and he set his coffee down on the wooden table. “What’s wrong, Kate?” he asked as he closed his laptop, showing her that she had his undivided attention. It was a nice gesture, considering this was his first day at his new job, but Kate knew that he would always be there for her. His corporate law career was as demanding, if not more so, at times, than Kate’s mom’s, but he had always managed to be there. Kate hated to admit the truth, because kids weren’t really supposed to have favorites, but she loved her father most.
Kate sat down next to her father and poured herself a cup of coffee. He raised an eyebrow and watched her take a careful sip of the steaming, black liquid. When she made a face at the bitterness, he pushed the sugar and cream over. Kate took them and poured small amounts of each into the coffee until it was a warm, caramel color. After taking another, larger sip, she looked up, taking in her dad’s concerned features. He looked older than usual this morning; his usual sparkling gaze looked hollow, his green eyes dull and tired. He must not have slept too much last night either. 
Kate took a moment to glance at her mother, Blaire, who was humming while she made pancakes. Blaire had already showered, her chestnut curls drying around her shoulders, frizzing in the humidity of the morning. She was wearing her typical clothing: ripped jeans and a scruffy button-up top. Her sneakers were worn but told a tale that promised adventure and discovery. She had a way of looking put together and disheveled all at the same time. Part of Kate was envious and part of her felt shame.
“Honey, I asked you what was wrong,” Kate heard her dad say, real concern evident in his tone. His deep voice rumbled in his chest, vibrating in Kate’s ears like a buzzing alarm. It pulled Kate’s attention from her mom.
Kate focused on her Dad. “I’m sorry,” she said as her eyes darted to her coffee. She looked back up. “I couldn’t sleep last night so I went out and sat on the beach. I guess I’m still tired from the move and stuff.” Kate looked down at the glossy surface of the wood table before continuing. She didn’t much like conversations that could lead to trouble, but this was necessary. “I know you guys think that it’s okay to sleep with the windows open, but I don’t think I can do that. I didn’t sleep,” she said as she pulled her hand from the hot mug, opting to trace the floral pattern on the handle instead. She looked up, hope brimming in her chest at the thought of a renegotiation. Those windows had to close.
“It must have been the new bed,” Blaire said absently, interrupting Kate’s silent plea with her dad. She turned around and looked at her daughter, glancing at the mug in Kate’s hands. “And you shouldn’t be drinking coffee at your age,” she said before turning back around, ending the conversation.
Kate sighed and looked back down, defeated. She didn’t much like the taste of coffee anyway. So she stood up, pushed the steaming mug away, and stomped out of the room without another word. Her silent protest caused her mom to look over at her, her eyes wide in surprise. But a moment later, she was back to flipping pancakes. It was almost like the argument hadn’t taken place at all.
Upstairs, Kate flopped down on her bed, tears burning in the back of her throat. Her mom was making her favorite breakfast food, and even though Kate was angry, she couldn’t erase the feeling of guilt she had for storming out. She lay there for a minute, relishing in her suffering, and then shifted so that she could look out the window. Kate sat up quickly, noticing a figure dressed in dark colors walking across their private beach. He stopped in the middle of their property and bent to look at something in the sand. Kate stood up, moved closer to the window, and leaned outside, curious to see what he was doing. When the dark figure rose, holding Kate’s glass and ice cream wrapper, Kate smacked her forehead, chastising herself for leaving trash on the beach; she could have gotten herself in a lot of trouble. Without hesitation, Kate rushed out of the her room and back down the stairs, ignoring the fact that all she had on was a sports bra and striped, silky shorts.
Outside, the air was already hot, and it smothered Kate as she made her way across the beach. She walked quickly, eager to explain the misunderstanding; she didn’t want to get fined or something worse. When she got closer to the figure, though, she realized that the guy didn’t look much older than she was. His raven hair was long and shaggy and curled out at the edges. He was tall, with lean muscles that pressed against his slightly tight shirt. He turned to watch Kate as she moved closer to him.
“I accidentally left my glass and wrapper out here this morning. I’m sorry about that. I swear I was going to pick it up,” Kate said as she looked up into the guy’s eyes, noticing their bright, intense color. His eyes were an icy shade of cobalt, an impossible shade of blue that shimmered like icicles. They were framed by dark, long lashes that touched the smooth skin of his cheeks each time he blinked.
The guy responded by handing Kate her belongings without saying anything. His blue eyes just stared into hers, searching. Kate stood there, slightly annoyed with this guy’s lack of words. He should at least acknowledge her apology, even if it wasn’t warranted; however, his silence hung in the air like the summer humidity. They stood there for a moment, staring at each other while the silence consumed them both. 
Kate decided that she would be the one to take the high road. She stuck her hand out toward him. “I’m Kate,” she said.
The boy hesitated before taking her hand in his own. His skin was rough and warm, his grip firm. His handshake, though brief, spoke volumes about his character, and Kate could sense his quiet confidence. “My name is Rico,” he said at last, startling Kate. 
Kate smiled up at him politely and nodded in acknowledgement. She had thought, for a second, that he would never talk, that they would end up in an awkward battle of eternal silence, but she had been wrong. His voice was deep like her dad’s, soft like warm butter sliding across a fresh pancake. The flutter made her blink. She had to stay focused on their conversation so that she wouldn’t fade into Rico’s eyes.
“You know,” she said warningly, “this is a private beach. You shouldn’t be hanging around here. You could get caught, and I don’t know what the consequences are, but they probably won’t be too good.”
Rico nodded once. “I was unaware, and I apologize for being rude. I’m not from around here, you see. I’m visiting family this summer and thought the beaches had public access points. I can see that this wasn’t one.”
“That’s fine,” Kate replied. Her voice, though steady, sounded weak to her own ears. She shook her head to steady herself. “I’m not from here either. I actually just moved in yesterday. My parents and I are renting this house for the summer, maybe longer. You know, though, the people who live here year-round might not be as nice about you being on their land and stuff.” Kate’s voice trailed off. She silently rolled her eyes. She sounded ridiculous.
A mischievous grin crawled across Rico’s perfect mouth. “I understand completely, and I thank you for your concern. I think I’ll be okay, though, Kate. I can handle an old man yelling at me from his deck.” He winked, making Kate feel self-conscious.
Kate squinted and took a minute to observe Rico. He was dressed in dark colors: dark jeans and a faded black shirt. Kate thought that he could handle a great deal more than an old man just yelling at him from the other side of the beach. He could probably handle a young man yelling and chasing him across the sand. Anyone could tell that he liked to cause trouble by his appearance, and his lazy smile didn’t take away from that bad-boy charm, so why did he feel the need to make fun of Kate for her “concern”?
A faint flush of embarrassment colored Kate’s cheeks a pale pink, and she crossed her arms across her chest in an attempt to gain some form of dignity; she was far too proud to walk away now. “I just assumed that I would help you out since you aren’t from here, Rico,” she snapped, losing her patience.
“And I thought you said that you weren’t from her either,” Rico retorted, that same lazy smile crossing his features. He looked down at Kate, his own arms crossed over his chest as he leaned away from her.
Kate threw her hands in the air, not knowing what else to do. This guy had a way of getting under her skin, much like the heat of this small town, and she hoped that her gesture conveyed her annoyance, and what she hoped was indifference. The last thing she wanted was for Rico to think that she cared about anything he said or did.
Rico glanced at her, a quizzical look on his brow. His smirk faded, but his bright eyes still watched Kate. He seemed to be trying to figure her out, the way his eyes moved back and forth between her grey ones.
Frustrated, and annoyed at her own spark of anger, Kate spoke up. “What?” she demanded. Her voice was stronger this time, but her desperation seeped through, clinging to her question like syrup.
Rico just smiled and shook his head back and forth. His long, raven hair fell across his eyes, and he pushed it away with his hand. When Kate stared up at him, he just shrugged and shoved his hands in his pockets. There he was, at a loss for words again. Kate’s frustration peaked, igniting a flame of anger in her soul. “Will you just leave my property, Rico?” she asked, her voice low. She couldn’t understand why Rico made her feel so much anger, but she knew she couldn’t let it get the best of her; Kate was at least reasonable enough to see that. 
Naturally, Rico didn’t say anything. He turned and left, glancing behind once to see her watching him leave. He offered a devilish smirk before turning away and disappearing over the slope of the sandy expanse.
Kate shook her head and headed back into her new home.
“Who was that boy?” Blaire asked when Kate stepped inside. She glanced at the glass and sandy ice cream wrapper, confusion etched on her face.
“Some kid named Rico that liked taking inventory of the things I accidentally left on the beach. I was going to get them later,” Kate replied as she held up the objects.
“Your father and I are about to leave,” Blaire interjected without really listening. “Please eat something; I left a few pancakes in the microwave for you. We should be back before dinner so don’t eat a late lunch. We plan on going out to eat at the seafood place down the street. It’ll be our housewarming dinner. Sound good?” Blaire picked up her work bag and swung it over her shoulder while she watched Kate put her things up.
Kate nodded absently, still too annoyed with both her mom and Rico to pay attention. She walked over to the microwave, took out the blueberry pancakes, and grabbed some orange juice before sitting in front of the TV. Finding a dramatic reality show about crazy teen parties, Kate settled in to eat her late breakfast. She could feel her mom watching her and felt guilty about being mean. She turned around to say something, but Blaire was gone, and the distant sound of the front door shutting announced her departure. Kate sighed and pressed her back against the cushions of the cream couch, content with losing herself in the pointless drama of rich, rebellious teenagers. It would at least drown out the memories of her first morning in Dolphin Bay, Florida.

2

Kate’s day passed fairly quickly. She spent most of it lounging beside the edge of the water, alternating between reading a good vampire book and taking naps. After realizing that she couldn’t stay outside any longer without burning, she walked upstairs to finish putting her belongings away. She listened to the soft, acoustic guitar of John Mayer while she found homes for her manatee figurines and perfume bottles. By the time her parents came home, at around five o’clock, Kate felt much better. Her long chestnut curls were pulled into a loose fishtail braid and a few loose tendrils framed her light grey eyes. Her skin was bronzing already, and Kate chose to wear a light coat of mascara and drown her lips in chapstick. She wore a flowing auburn sundress that showed off her long, lean legs.
When her parents called her downstairs, Kate grabbed her cell phone and pushed it into her small clutch. She walked out the door, following her parents as they headed down the long sidewalk and into the empty street. The restaurant was pretty close so they decided to walk. As they approached the restaurant, properly named The Beach House, the southern charm of the old mansion lifted everyone’s spirits. Large columns held up the second-story balcony, and loose sand littered the wide deck. An intricately designed glass door served as the focal point of the building; it was as inviting as it was beautiful, and Kate couldn’t take her eyes from the swirling details. However, the slight breeze shook the palm trees that framed the upstairs windows, and Kate looked over at the fresh coat of paint that shone on the white exterior. Next to her, she heard her parents talking about how the locals loved The Beach House; her mom said that a few of her coworkers claimed that it served the best shrimp scampi in Dolphin Bay. The idea of real food made Kate’s stomach rumble, and she eagerly followed her parents as they walked up to the wide, wooden porch. The planks were painted a dark, romantic green that matched the shutters upstairs, and a large metal chandelier swung precariously in the salty breeze.
“This was a fabulous choice, Aaron. I’m so excited to be here with both of you,” Blaire said as she squeezed her husband’s arm. She looked up at her husband, stars shining in her eyes. It made her look younger, the way she smiled up at him. She turned to smile over at Kate, but the pull of her lips wasn’t as large, as real as it was before. 
Kate nodded in answer and followed her parent’s into the wide, double doors. The golden sunlight trickled in, shimmering on the dark floor around them. When the door closed behind them, Kate had to blink to focus her eyes.
In contrast to the bright exterior, the interior was dimly lit. Antique oil lamps served as centerpieces that sat atop ruby tablecloths. The furniture was white, the carpets dark to hide stains. Kate marveled at her mom and dad, Blaire muttering to herself about what to get, and Kate’s dad analyzing the freshness of the ingredients; it was embarrassing, the way the waitress had to ask the family twice if they were ready to order their meals. Each time, she was sent away with the suggestion of coming back in another moment. When Kate’s parents were finally ready to order, they kept asking question after question, grilling the waitress about the seafood being served that night. The couple asked about the woman’s preference, and, in the end, decided to choose the shrimp scampi instead; it was the meal that Kate ordered, and the one thing they didn’t pester the waitress about. Kate’s shock and embarrassment soon faded, leaving her mortified. The entire meal was spent in an oddly normal silence that was accompanied by the clinking sound of metal against glass, of ice against crystal.
When the long dinner ended, the small family chose to sit on the deck out back. Kate ordered a smoothie and gulped it down while her parents sipped martinis. Her anger and embarrassment had lifted, and she sat contentedly, listening to the whispered conversation of her mother and father. They discussed their first day at work, her mom talking about her new boss and her dad talking about the case he was assigned to. They both seemed happy about the move to Dolphin Bay, and it made Kate happier about it too; she loved seeing her parents happy about a new home, especially her dad, since he was the one that was forced to move. Kate didn’t mind moving as much. It gave her an excuse to be a loner, and there were never any explanations or questions about her loneliness. It was normal for her to be the new kid, and they never stayed anywhere long enough for her to make real friends. Good thing, too, because Kate wasn’t great at making real friends. 
Out at the water’s edge, the sunset shimmered, captivating the admiration of the other dinner guests. The sky was painted in a range of purples and oranges that Kate had never seen before, and as the family walked along the beach later that evening, she looked over her shoulder, trying to catch a glimpse of the rainbow sky. 
“Don’t stray too far, Kate!” Blaire’s voice echoed down the beach. She turned around, her hand in her husband’s, as she called out to Kate. Her fair cheeks were pink from a mixture of the summer heat and the martini, and Kate shook her head at her parents. The couple always held hands, fingers intertwined, and laughed like they were still in that young phase of love. Kate’s parents always did that; they always made people jealous with the intensity that they loved each other with. Kate found it comforting and hoped that she would one day find what they had been lucky enough to find. 
As the sky turned to grey around them, Kate’s parents drifted closer to the water’s edge. Kate could hardly see them now; their figures were dark silhouettes against a darkening sky. She walked along in silence, humming to herself, distracted by her thoughts of love. She was too consumed by her musings to notice the dark figure approaching. Still, she continued to meander through the darkness, using the sound of her parents’ laughter as a guide. She hoped that she wouldn’t pass their cozy beach house and almost thought about joining her mom and dad by the water’s edge. However, something kept her where she was, walking along the black outlines of her neighbors’ homes. When the wind changed course, swirling around her instead of just passing by, Kate knew that something was off. She stopped immediately and turned around. She stepped forward and smacked into someone, and as she tried to back up, the stranger moved closer, stepping on Kate’s foot and covering her mouth as she began to scream. Kate panicked, flailing her arms and legs out, wishing that she had stayed with her parents, wishing that she had gone to find them moments before.
A deep, rough voice whispered in Kate’s ear, telling her to calm down. Kate struggled even more, overcome by fear when she began to feel her strength waning. She was terrified by this man’s strength. She couldn’t move at all. The weight of his muscles was crushing her body, pushing against her ribcage with the force of a punch. When the man began to walk backward, dragging Kate with him, all hope vanished, pointless like tears or protests. The man pulled her until they stepped underneath a deck, and complete darkness shrouded their presence. Shadows from the supporting beams crossed the smooth sand, reaching out like desperate fingers. Kate could feel her heart giving up even though her body continued to struggle against the man’s powerful hold on her. She couldn’t breathe; she couldn’t think; she couldn’t cry. She just kicked and pushed with arms and legs.
“She’s quite a fighter,” Kate heard the man growl, and she grew more frightened, wondering how many men stood there. “You should have stayed with your family, girl. They would have kept you safe and sound. You should learn not to wander off when it’s dark outside. Didn’t you learn that in school?” The man chuckled in Kate’s ear, and in a moment of sheer adrenaline-filled panic, she slammed her head against his, as hard as she could. The man let her go, disoriented for a moment, and even though Kate saw stars she knew that she needed to run away. She just hoped that another man wouldn’t catch her before she made it far enough away to scream.
As if on cue, a low grunt escaped another man’s throat. He lunged forward and reached out, grasping the ends of Kate’s hair in vain. She forced her left elbow into something soft, and felt stronger when she heard the new man fall back into one of the supporting beams, slamming against the wood and making the structure shake. She couldn’t help but turn around before she pushed forward and stumbled through the deep, soft sand. What she saw alarmed her; three more men stood around, waiting.
Kate heard someone standing up somewhere behind her and fear pumped through her veins. She pushed her legs as hard as she could and began to call for her parents, for anyone. She staggered forward and felt the softer sand dissipate, the hard and wet sand taking its place. Her parents answered her calls then, and she could feel, rather than hear, her pursuers giving up. Kate followed the sound of her parents concerned voices; she knew that her own voice was filled with desperation and fear. However, when she found her parents a moment later, relief was the only sensation left. There was no evidence of her near-kidnapping, other than the frantic beating of her heart and her erratic breathing. 
“Honey, what’s the matter?” Blaire asked, catching her daughter in an embrace. “Kate,” she added as she ran her hands up and down Kate’s upper arms, “you’re freezing. What on earth happened? Did you fall in a freezer somewhere?” 
Underneath Blaire’s concern, Kate could feel a hint of laughter. Blaire wasn’t really serious about Kate’s scared voice, and Kate made up her mind in that moment. She was going to lie. “Nothing,” she said in false calmness. “I just got scared of the dark is all. And I’m pretty sure I’m still cold from that smoothie,” she added, confused. She didn’t feel cold at all, but her mom wouldn’t have said that she felt cold if she wasn’t. Her mom was at least reasonable.
“Okay,” Blaire dragged, her voice skeptical. She pulled Kate into a half hug and held her next to her, rubbing her upper arm as they turned toward their house.
Kate nodded even though her mom couldn’t see her. She felt the intense need to pretend that she was brave, that she was all right. If she didn’t, she feared that she would fall apart, and if she fell apart she wouldn’t be strong enough to figure out what happened just moments ago; and Kate needed to find out what happened.

3

Kate attempted to catch up on some sleep that night. Naturally, she didn’t sleep well, but she tried her hardest to get some rest - and there was no way she was going outside again. She counted sheep, remembered the most dramatic parts of her television shows, and even fantasized about being Cinderella. None of it worked, and Kate found herself tossing and turning, playing the horrible memory in her mind over and over again, trying to remember the man’s hands being cold. She couldn’t remember anything of the sort; in fact, she remembered her body heat rising because of the attack; it was probably a result of her adrenaline, but it still didn’t end in freezing skin.
When dawn approached, Kate was relieved. The night was over and no one came to break down the front door. Kate pushed the memory to the back of her mind, convinced that she had been in the wrong place at the wrong time. She rolled out of bed and padded downstairs, too eager to find a way out of the humid house. Her parents had ignored her argument, neglecting to turn on the air conditioner again, and Kate welcomed the cool morning breeze; it tangled in her hair and kissed her skin. This time, Kate walked to the edge of the deck and sat on the top-most step. She was outside, but she wouldn’t allow her feet to touch the sand yet. She was afraid that it would trigger her memory, and she wasn’t quite ready to face it.
Kate bit her lip and focused on the crashing waves instead. The monotony of the motion lulled her into a false sense of relaxation, and she rested her chin on her hands while she watched the water kiss the shore. Out of the corner of her eye, she saw two silhouettes running along the distant horizon. Kate smiled to herself, happy that there were two carefree people in this small town. She watched them for a while; the pair danced back and forth, chasing each other down the sandy expanse. Kate marveled at the way they moved, with quick, graceful twists and turns. She was so engrossed in their movements that she didn’t notice that they were heading her way. One of the figures looked up at her and tilted his head to the side, as if wondering why Kate was looking at him. Kate blushed and turned away, pretending to focus on the waves at the other end of the beach.
“I’m surprised you didn’t yell at me to get off of your neighbor’s property,” a familiar voice commented. “I was sure you would stand up and run around, screaming at me to leave,” the voice added in a slick, matter-of-fact manner. 
Kate turned to see Rico standing at the bottom step, a young girl next to him. She was gorgeous, with long hair that fell around her waist. She had impossibly white teeth and dark eyes that matched her thick, raven hair. Kate couldn’t tell the difference between the girl’s pupil and iris; the two melted together, creating the illusion that her eyes were endless pools of darkness. She, like Rico, was wearing dark colors.
Kate glanced down at her own clothes. She, once again, found herself in a sports bra and shorts; this time the shorts were a pale pink. She suddenly felt self-conscious of her appearance and ran her fingers through her tangled curls.
“So, you aren’t going to force me off your beach this morning?” Rico asked with a smirk.
“No,” Kate replied. She looked into his eyes, curious as to whether this was his normal behavior - insulting strangers. Once again, she noticed their impossible shade of icy blue.
“Ignore Rico,” the dark-haired girl remarked. She had a quiet voice that sounded like water flowing over rocks in a stream. She punched Rico’s arm and the pair laughed. The girl looked back up at Kate and smiled brightly. She pulled her hair over her shoulder, twisting it around until it formed a knot that touched the top of her left shoulder. “You aren’t from around here either, are you?” she asked.
Kate shook her head, too embarrassed to speak. Although she wasn’t afraid, she felt an odd sense of shame. The feeling always crept up her throat when she met new people, closing it and threatening to choke her. She hated the nervous energy that buzzed in her veins and tried to look down at the ground to stop from shaking. Somehow, the beauty of both Rico and the girl seemed to hold her unwavering attention.
The girl giggled after a few awkward seconds and turned to Rico. They looked at each other before the girl began speaking to Kate again. “Why don’t you hang out with us today? We’re going fishing at the dock down the road.”
Kate looked at the couple. There was no way they were going fishing right now. First, they neglected to bring fishing poles or bait. Second, the girl was carrying a pair of extremely tall wedges. Kate arched her eyebrow at them, curious as to what they were really going to do at the dock, wondering why they needed to lie. 
“Well?” Rico asked impatiently. “Have you lost your nerve today? You seemed capable of talking yesterday. What happened to you after I left?”
Kate grew defensive. “Nothing happened to me after you left,” she retorted. “I was just noticing that you have nothing to fish with. How are you supposed to fish without any poles or other supplies?” Kate felt triumphant at finding her ability to speak and couldn’t help but smile down at them. Something about the comment gave her a sense of confidence.
The dark-haired girl smiled again. “You rent the equipment. My dad owns the place so I get it for free.”
“Oh,” Kate said, her cheeks burning, her confidence gone forever. She bit her lower lip and messed with her chipping fingernail polish. She kind of hoped they’d leave her alone so she could wallow in self-pity for the afternoon, and when Rico cleared his throat, she looked up hopefully.
“So are you going to tag along?” Rico ended up asking.
Kate stalled for a moment. “No,” she said a moment later. “I’m busy today. I’ve got a lot of stuff to do,” she lied. She really disliked the way she lied so easily lately, but it was necessary. She didn’t want to find herself spinning like the third wheel on a date. It would be uncomfortable for all three of them.
Rico nodded and started to step away. He smiled up at Kate, lifting his hand up to wave goodbye.
At that moment, the conversation was interrupted by Kate’s mom. Perfect timing. “Kate,” she called, “your father and I are leaving now. Don’t bore yourself by watching movies all day again, okay?”
Kate turned toward her mother, her eyes large. A look of astonishment crossed her face as she pleaded with Blaire to stop. Unfortunately, her mother didn’t stop; in fact, she proceeded to ruin Kate’s whole life.
“Why don’t you hang out with your new friend, Rico? He and his friend could show you around Dolphin Bay. Then, you won’t be bored all summer. I hate leaving you here every day. Go, have fun.” She smiled at Rico and his friend before waving and shutting the door. 
Kate sat frozen. She stared at the closed door a moment longer, composing herself before turning around to face Rico’s snide remarks.
“It looks to me like you’re not busy anymore,” he said. “Go get dressed. We’ll be waiting here when you get back. I promise.”
Kate sighed, knowing that she didn’t really have a choice at this point. Her mother had practically given her permission to do whatever she wanted with these strangers. Standing up, she turned and walked inside her house, and when she emerged minutes later, wearing her best jean shorts and a white, flowing shirt, she was surprised to see that Rico and his friend were sitting on the deck talking. She assumed they’d still be flirting or running around the beach like kids again. Part of her was sad they weren’t running around but the other half of her was relieved. 
Rico turned as the door closed behind Kate and smirked as he took in her appearance. His eyes moved up her legs until they reached her face. “You look stunning,” he stated.
Kate blushed and pushed her sunglasses on. In her hand, she carried a straw fedora, an old hat of her father’s that she loved with all of her heart. A thick, black ribbon was tied around it; it was something that Kate had added to represent the piece of her that was like her father, quiet and serious. She pushed that hat on her head to stop the sun from lightening her chestnut hair, arranging her curls so that they tumbled over her shoulders. When she reached the bottom of the stairs, she stopped suddenly. Rico and the girl stared at her with wide eyes.
“What is it?” Kate asked. “Is there something on my face?”
“No,” the dark-haired girl said quietly. “You’re kind of beautiful. Didn’t you know that?”
Kate suddenly felt uncomfortable. She didn’t want to offend the girl, or make her feel as if she was any threat; she wasn’t planning on taking Rico, and she didn’t want this girl to get mad at her for it. Kate twisted from side to side, unsure of what to say next.
“She’s just saying that you clean up well, Kate. There’s no need to feel shy about it,” Rico said with a small smile.
Kate nodded once and fell into step alongside them. As a comfortable silence fell around them, she let her mind wander back to the summer before this one. Kate’s friends in Australia hadn’t quite reacted to her beauty in the same manner. Back then, she had been so-called friends with superficial girls that hated to be less beautiful than others. She learned this little-known-fact as she grew older and grew into a young woman: friends changed and left, usually for something they thought was better.
“So, how was the rest of yesterday for you?” Rico asked, pulling Kate back to the present. He turned toward her, his bright eyes focused on her mouth.
Kate pulled her lower lip into her mouth self-consciously. “It wasn’t bad,” she said as she tried to think of everything but the attack. Naturally, it didn’t work well.
Rico nodded, his lips turned down in that you-totally-made-sense kind of way. His only response was a single word, a comment. It ended the almost-conversation and the soft silence found its way back to the group. 
Kate focused ahead of her, and as they moved up a sandy bank, a dock came into view. It extended far out into the clear waters of the gulf. Kate wondered if it was where they were headed, and before she was able to ask them, the dark-headed girl spoke up, effectively ending the silence.  
“My name is Adriana, by the way. It’s nice to meet you, Kate.” Adriana looked at Kate and smiled. Her brilliant, white teeth shone from beneath dark tinted lips.
“It’s nice to meet you too,” Kate replied. “So you’re from here, right? Do you like living in Dolphin Bay?”
“I do,” Adriana said. “It’s a small place and there aren’t many people that live here throughout the year. My dad and I are able to enjoy the beaches when they’re quiet, when people aren’t screaming and drinking all the time. It’s nicer then.”
“So you don’t like the summer, then.”
“Don’t get me wrong, Kate. I like the summertime. I mean there’s no school, and I get to meet new people from different places, but there’s something about being able to spend time with your parents, you know?”
“Believe me,” Kate answered honestly, “I know.”
Rico chimed in, joining the conversation. “Your mom said that she leaves you alone every day. Does that only happen during the summers, or does that happen all year?”
Kate sighed before responding, unsure of whether she wanted to let them in. In the end, she decided that it didn’t matter. “My mom is a marine biologist, so it only happens when she gets a grant or a new opportunity to study the wildlife or environment. Unfortunately, my mom is really good at what she does, so we move around a lot, and it does happen a lot - the whole me not seeing her thing.” Kate hadn’t realized that she had been looking down when she spoke and lifted her head up to look at Rico. He was looking into her eyes, and she held his gaze a moment, challenging him, before looking away again.
“I’m sorry,” Adriana commented. She bumped into Kate lightly and smiled at her. “We shouldn’t make this day about the things that we miss, though. Let’s keep things light and enjoy the bright sunshine.” She laughed and took off down the beach. The sound of her easy laughter echoed behind her, compelling Kate and Rico to follow her.
As Kate watched Adriana run down the beach, twirling and jumping as she went, she wondered, again, at how gracefully Adriana moved. 
“Come on,” Rico said. “I think we should stay with Adriana since we don’t know where we’re going.” With that, he took off down the beach, following Adriana until he reached her side. The couple ran faster then, and Kate had to rush after them to catch up. Rico turned around once to look back at Kate, stopping just long enough for her to reach him; however, he took off when she did, forcing her to chase after him. It ended up in a short game of tag, with both Rico and Adriana just out of reach.
When the three of them reached the dock, Adriana slipped into a small building and emerged with three fishing poles and bait. She handed one to both Rico and Kate, and the three of them walked down to the end of the wide dock. They sat there, letting their bare feet swing over the edge.
“So tell us about your life, Kate.” 
Kate looked to her left and saw that Adriana was looking over at her. Adriana’s dark hair was pushed behind her shoulders, her fair cheeks covered in a faint blush from the summer air. Her dark eyes searched Kate’s as she waited for the answer. When Kate didn’t speak, Adriana clarified her initial question.
“I mean, where are you from? What are your hobbies? Who are your friends?”
Kate blushed but steeled herself, ready to answer. “I’m not from anywhere,” she said. “I move every six to eight months, depending on my mom’s contract. I don’t really have any friends because of it and that’s okay. I do just fine on my own. I don’t mind it.”
“How old are you?” Adriana asked. Kate was surprised by this question but knew that it would’ve come eventually; it just didn’t seem important now.
Kate looked out at the smooth, crystal waves, deciding that she should keep an eye on her pole. “I’m sixteen,” she said. “Why do you ask?”
From the corner of Kate’s eye, she could see Adriana nod once. “You’ve never been in love, have you?” she asked her.
Kate snapped her head to the left and glowered at Adriana’s comment. That was the kind of thing girls talked about in private, not something they talked about in front of boys, and not something that they talked about after knowing each other for less than an hour. It was an odd question to Kate, and she almost hated Adriana for embarrassing her.
She decided to reply anyway. “No,” she said simply. 
“I thought so,” Adriana commented. Even though she didn’t seem mean about it, the echoing sting from the awkwardness and embarrassment pushed Kate to fire back.
“How many times have you been in love, Adriana?” she asked. On the other side of Adriana, Kate saw Rico turn his head slightly, clearly interested in Adriana’s response. Kate couldn’t help but roll her eyes at him, and he offered a smirk in response. 
“I can’t remember how many times I’ve been in love,” Adriana said wistfully. 
“How can you not remember how many times you’ve been in love?” Kate asked. “You’re only, what, seventeen or eighteen.”
Adriana turned to face Kate, her features a mask of indifference. “Just know that I regret it, Kate,” she said, ending any further questions. 
Shocked and perplexed, Kate turned away and focused on her attempt at catching fish. She wondered how many boys Adriana had loved in her short life and how many of them had loved her back. She wondered how many of them were summer flings, and if Rico was one of the boys added on to her list of regrets. She wondered if Rico wanted to be on that list - part of her didn’t care and part of her hoped he didn’t want to be.
A sudden tug at the line pulled Kate from her reverie. It started out as soft jerks but escalated quickly, the end of the pole bending toward the water, the fish fighting for its life. Kate tightened her grip on the pole; Rico and Adriana watched her attempt to pull the line in. She seemed to have gotten hold of the fish after her original struggle, but in another second the fish regained control. 
Kate repositioned herself, afraid of looking weak in front of her new, potential friends. When she couldn’t gain the control she sought from repositioning herself, she began to panic. The line started to pull quickly, the fish escaping, making its way back into the ocean. Kate’s fingers fumbled over the reel, trying to get a grip.
Just when Kate thought that the fish would pull the entire pole from her grasp, she felt Rico’s strong arms around her. He held the pole with her, taking her hand and gripping the reel in one swift motion. Kate couldn’t help but feel Rico’s warmth, his rough hands. Together, they pulled the fishing line back in, and Kate gasped when a decently sized fish emerged from the ocean.
“They can be pretty ferocious,” Rico said, letting go of the pole as soon as the fish was close enough to seize. He leaned over the edge and pulled it closer to the dock, expertly taking the hook from the fish’s mouth before tossing it back out into the water. He baited Kate’s hook and, taking the pole from Kate, cast it for her. She noticed that he made sure not to touch her again. Kate knew better than to fall for Adriana’s type, so she saw no reason for Rico to start being careful around her now. He didn’t seem concerned a moment before and his sudden aversion confused Kate. She found her thoughts focusing on the moments he spent touching her skin.
“Thank you,” she said at last, her voice unsteady.
“Hey, there’s no need to be worried about the next one. You’ll get it next time. You’ll be more prepared,” he said reassuringly.
Kate looked at him and smiled, feeling better already. 

The sun was setting when Adriana and Rico dropped Kate off at her house. She stepped inside the warm house, the stifling heat already smothering her. After being in the sea breeze all day, the heat inside was almost unbearable, and Kate knew that she would not sleep well. She wandered into the kitchen and placed her leftover lobster in the refrigerator, thinking about the meal she shared with Rico and Adriana. Adriana had pointed out her favorite local seafood restaurant after they made their way back up the dock, and they had wandered into the place, hungry and tired. The food had been delicious, the water refreshing, the conversation delightful. 
Kate turned to find her mother and father watching a movie in the living room, snuggling on the couch. She watched them for a moment before walking over and taking a seat on the couch next to them. She ran her fingers over the familiar cracked leather, feeling its cool surface.
“How was your day, honey?” her mother asked suddenly.
“It was actually kind of fun,” Kate said, surprised. She paused for a moment, still upset with Blaire. She thought that it would be better to keep her distance and guard her heart from disappointment but could sense her mother and father waiting for her to continue. In the end she did.
“That fish must have been pretty strong,” Blaire said when Kate finished her story. She looked at her daughter, noting her flushed cheeks at the mention of the fish.
Kate raised her eyes so that she looked at her mother and nodded. She could feel a flash of hope surge through her body, a hope that she and her mother could have a real relationship, a real bond; but in that same instant Kate stood up, shaking her head to erase the nonsensical thought that she and her mother would ever connect, and walked out of the room.
When Kate reached her bedroom she glanced out the window at the waves and was startled to see a dark figure walking across the beach; his silhouette was lit by the moon’s soft glow. Kate walked to the window and pressed her face against the screen, squinting and searching for that shape in her mind. It wasn’t Rico; Rico was much taller, his muscles leaner than the figure outside her house. She pressed her thoughts, trying to associate this man’s figure with the one trapped inside her mind, knowing that she didn’t have much time before the figure retreated beyond her sight. When it clicked, she wished it hadn’t. 
The man walking past her window was the same man that attacked her last night; Kate could sense the rightness in her thoughts, and was certain that it was him.

4

Kate stepped back from the window slowly. She hadn’t turned on the light when she entered and was thankful that her assailant didn’t know she was in her room. She leaned into the shadows, welcoming them, begging them to conceal her whereabouts. Kate watched the man’s figure move slowly, afraid that he could hear her racing heart, afraid that he would find out where she lived. She was afraid that he would come after her again.
Kate continued to step back, and hit a creaky floorboard. She stopped suddenly and flung her arms out to balance herself. In her haste, Kate smacked the contents on her dresser, knocking over glass vases and perfume bottles. She listened in horror as the bottles collided and fell down, smashing on the floor in a loud crash. Down below, the figure stopped walking, and Kate stifled a scream as she sensed his eyes piercing the walls of the house, locking on her.
The figure began to walk toward Kate. He took large steps and swung his arms in wide arcs; his speed indicated that he had a purpose. Kate stood frozen, wondering why her parents didn’t care about the collision they should have heard coming from her bedroom. She stepped back involuntarily and cut her foot on a shard of glass. It lodged in her foot, almost causing her to cry out in pain. This was it; no one would even know or care about what had happened, because no one heard a thing. The figure was about fifty feet from the deck now, and Kate braced herself, deciding not to underestimate him.
When he was so close that Kate couldn’t see his outline any longer, she closed her eyes, waiting for his rough hands to grab her shoulders, to stifle her screams. Nothing happened, and Kate peeked after a couple minutes passed. The man hadn’t broken through her second story window yet, and she strained to hear his footsteps on the deck below. Kate heard nothing. She wondered, momentarily, if he had given up.
Breathing a sigh of relief, Kate hobbled to her bed and sat on the edge. The shard of glass was beginning to hurt. She started to lift her foot and ended up slamming it back down in alarm when she heard pushing and shoving from below. The glass dug deeper into her foot, sending shocks of pain up her leg, but Kate stood up and stumbled to the window. She couldn’t see anything; the scuffle was too close to the house. 
Kate relied on her ears instead and pressed one of them to the screen, listening for any indication that her father had caught the creepy man. She halted her thoughts a moment, afraid for her father’s safety. The man could be dangerous or could have a weapon. If he wanted Kate so badly as to come after her two nights in a row, who knew what he was capable of. Kate turned then, half-walking, half-hopping to the door. She had to get to her mother, to warn her. She had to call the police.
A short silence and a sudden bang on the screen enticed Kate to turn around; she was morbidly curious about the person on the other side.
A dark figure clung to her window. Kate’s eyes widened in alarm, and she stepped backward, reaching for the doorknob.
“Kate, its Rico. Please let me in.” Rico’s familiar voice was a quiet whisper, a calming breeze on a hot afternoon. Kate exhaled, not realizing that she had been holding her breath for quite a while. She breathed in deeply, steeling herself.
“What are you doing?” she whispered back.
“Saving your life. What did you think I was doing?” he retorted. His voice sounded strained and annoyed, and Kate imagined that the scuffle must have been hard on him. He breathed, calming his voice so that he didn’t scare Kate further. “Come on, Kate. Please let me in. It’s not easy holding on out here. I’m not Spiderman or anything.”
Kate staggered to the window, afraid of what her foot would look like when she turned the light on. She could feel her sticky blood and knew that it covered her foot and, possibly, the bamboo floors. 
When Kate reached the window she expertly pressed the screen in at its weakest points and wrapped her fingers around the edges so that it wouldn’t plummet toward the ground. She pulled it in and stepped back, allowing Rico to enter her bedroom.
“Thank you,” he said before wiping his palms on his jeans. Kate watched as he stood up, straightening himself out. “You’ve gotten yourself in a lot of trouble, Kate. What did you do, pissing off a demon like that? He could kill you.”
Kate stepped back involuntarily, his words like venom. She hadn’t done anything wrong. She was the victim in this situation; she didn’t start this. And what was with him calling the man a demon? Of course he was evil, but demon was a pretty harsh word, even for a serial murderer.
“Well?” he asked again, his tone urgent, condescending.  
“I don’t know what you’re talking about,” Kate said. “That man just tried to attack me. He’s crazy, and you think I started it?”
“Demon, not man,” he corrected. “Believe me; you would know if he was just a man.”
“Just a man? Demon? You’re the one that’s starting to act crazy. Remind me, why did I think it was a good idea to let you in?”
“Because I saved your life, Kate. Now come on, let’s make progress. We don’t need to keep circling around the same issues. The man is a demon, a child of Darkness, Kate.”
“Fine,” she said, knowing that she wouldn’t get any more answers out of Rico right now, especially since he wasn’t stable. The fight with that man must have ended with a concussion or something on his part.
“Now, tell me what happened after I left you yesterday. I know you lied earlier. I could tell by your voice.”
Kate stood in silence for a moment, gauging Rico. She could sense his quiet confidence, his need to hear the truth from her; she could somehow tell that it was important, that she needed to tell him even if she thought he was slightly insane. She bit her cheek and shifted her weight so that she put no pressure on her injured foot, giving herself time to figure out what she would say. In the end, the truth was better, easier. 
“That man attacked me last night. I got away, though.” Kate looked at the floor, ashamed and embarrassed for some reason.
“Did you tell your parents?”
“Not yet,” she admitted. “But I plan on telling them now that he’s come back,” she added.
“Don’t tell them. They won’t understand and the cops won’t be able to help you. In fact, that will make him angrier. It’s a good thing that you didn’t tell your parents, Kate. We don’t want them involved in this.”
Kate bristled. “Don’t tell me what I should and shouldn’t do, Rico. That man is crazy and we need the cops to help us put him behind bars. Now that he knows where I live I don’t have a choice; I have to tell someone before he makes it into my room.”
Rico sighed, shaking his head. This was going to take all night to explain, he thought. He decided to start at the beginning, because starting in the middle wouldn’t work with Kate. “Look, sit down. It’s going to take a while, but you need to hear this,” he stressed. 
“I need to get a bandage first,” Kate whispered. “I cut my foot earlier and the glass is stuck in it.” She started to move toward the bathroom that was connected to her room but Rico held out his hand, palm facing her.
“Sit,” he said. “I’ll get it.” 
Kate watched as Rico walked to the bathroom and turned on the light. He dug through her drawers, coming back with bandages, alcohol and tweezers. He sat down on the bed in front of her and placed the supplies on Kate’s bookshelf. Using the dim light that escaped the bathroom, he gently lifted Kate’s leg, exposing the bottom of her foot. She knew that it was bad, she could tell just by looking at it, but she was thankful that Rico showed no emotion when looking at the wound; it helped to calm her down while he took out the glass shards and cleaned it.
Kate noticed Rico’s rough, yet somehow soft, hands. They worked quickly and skillfully, like he had done this sort of thing before. He was gentle but firm, making sure that he did everything correctly the first time, so that he wouldn’t have to go back or start over. Kate marveled at the fact that he didn’t touch her skin if he didn’t have to, and then when he did, it wasn’t for very long.
“There you go,” he said as he got up to toss out the bloody gauze. He put all of the supplies back before making his way back toward Kate’s bed.
“Thank you,” Kate mumbled when he came back. “I appreciate your help. I don’t know if I could have done that myself.”
“Anytime,” he said and smiled. “Now get comfortable. I have a story to tell you.” 
Rico repositioned himself so that he was facing Kate; his back leaned against the wrought iron footboard. He crossed his legs and extended them so that his black Converse sneakers hung off the edge. One arm hung over the metal footboard, tracing the intricate spiral details of the wrought iron; the other rested in his lap. 
Kate grabbed a pillow, snuggling with it as she sat back against the headboard and curled up, her knees touching her chest, the pale, floral blanket wrapped around her legs. She watched Rico formulate his ideas; his eyebrows knitted together, and Kate could tell that he was deciding what to say and how to say it. She watched his silent war with a strange sense of fascination. 
“You know how the universe formed, Kate?” Rico asked, probing her thinking.
“Of course,” she answered. “A star exploded, and bang, hello world. You know, the big bang theory,” she added, seeing his look of incredulity. 
“The big bang theory was invented by a demon scientist to lure people away from the light. It’s not true.”
“Why do you keep mentioning demons like they’re real? I mean, I’ve seen the exorcist too, but it doesn’t mean that demons are real.”
“Demons are real, Kate.” Rico paused, giving Kate a moment to reflect, to mull over the possibility in her mind, to disagree if she had to. When she didn’t speak, he moved on. 
“A long, long time ago, before the beginning of time, Light and Darkness were at peace. They sort of lived like friendly neighbors, inhabiting the universe, creating galaxies and planets because they could. After a while, they grew lonely and decided to create living beings that would act as their children. Light created humans, mortal bodies with immortal souls. Darkness created demons, immortal bodies with no soul.” Rico paused again and waited.
Kate nodded to show that she was following, and Rico continued.
“Humans were made to live on planet Earth and demons were made to live on another planet, Lilith. Demons were never meant to inhabit this planet, but they do now. You see, demons are evil in nature, their sole purpose is to hate, to destroy. Endless battles raged on Lilith, and eventually there was nothing left except the demons’ bodies. Darkness, in a fit of anger and greed, took the demons and placed them here, on Earth. 
Light grew angry with Darkness for doing this. Humans, and their mortal bodies, died at the hands of the demons, who – as I said before – were created to destroy everything. That was the end of peace between Light and Darkness.” Rico paused again and looked up at Kate. He looked into her grey eyes, eager to read her current thoughts and emotions.
“What happened next?” Kate’s question came out as a whisper, so quiet that Rico could hardly hear what she said.
“Well, there were wars,” he said. “Every great war in history has happened as a result of arguments between humans and demons.”
“But we’ve won some of those wars, the humans I mean. How is that possible? Aren’t demons scary monsters with sharp claws and jagged teeth?”
Rico chuckled. “We’ll get to that stuff later. I need to explain some other things first. I need to explain the initial war, the one that started it all. This war wasn’t just fought among demons and humans; Light and Darkness actually fought one another too. This battle was the worst; millions of humans died, their souls ripped from their bodies by the demons that craved them.” He looked at Kate’s face when he said this, registering her shock and disgust, and smiled to himself.
“The demons, however, could not take human souls. Instead, they found that they could inhabit human bodies, sharing the soul with the human owner. This is what people now label as being possessed. The human bodies resisted this new torture, expelling the demons that claimed them.” Rico paused, tracing the floral pattern on Kate’s blanket.
Kate watched him, entranced by the story that he told. She was worried that it was true but also tried to convince herself that it wasn’t, that it could never be true. She untangled herself from the blankets, suddenly warm. He looked up at her and tore his hand away from the blanket, a look of sadness swirling within his cobalt eyes. 
“I’m not frightened,” Kate said. “You don’t have to feel like you need to protect me.” She shivered despite the truth in her words.
“You’re cold,” he said. “Take the blanket. Wrap it around yourself.”
“I’m not cold,” Kate said, confused.
Rico looked into Kate’s eyes, and she could feel the sadness he felt. It was terrible, knowing that there were evil beings out there possessing humans every day. Maybe the man that she met earlier was attempting to share her soul, to possess Kate’s body. Kate shivered once more at that final thought and focused her attention on Rico. He sighed before continuing again.
“You see, demons are cold inside. They have nothing to keep them warm, alive. Human souls change that feeling of emptiness. A possession is pleasurable for a demon but not for a human. The demon achieves a feeling of euphoria, while the human experiences tremendous amounts of pain. If the human becomes weak enough, the demon can take over the human body that it inhabits, essentially living as that human. Eventually, the human body weakens and the human dies. Afterwards, the demon must return to his true form until he is able to possess another human.
Light stopped this act of evil from happening by striking a deal with Darkness. The pair agreed that the demons would stop the act of possessing humans, of sharing their souls. In order for that to happen, though, demons would forever be able to inhabit Earth, to live among humans, like humans. Light erased the human memories of demons, giving demons the opportunity to mask their true identities. This deal has held out for a while, but the demons are becoming restless. They hate being unable to feel emotions with the same intensity as humans. Wars and battles have brewed every so often, with Light reminding Darkness of what would come afterward. You see, Light tricked Darkness that day, but let him remain on Earth out of pity. If a demon possesses a human and is unsuccessful, his life ends. With no soul, he is gone from this world, and all others, forever.”
“An exorcism stops the demon, right?”
“That, or an exceptionally strong human.”
Kate nodded then asked, “Why did Light trick Darkness? I thought Light equated goodness.”
“It does, essentially, but there are bad or evil humans out there. Humans can murder, steal, and rape. All beings have a mixture of good and bad in them; it all depends on which they favor – Light or Darkness. 
But to answer your initial question, Light did it because he had to protect his children. He knew that Darkness would go back on his word, and he wanted to make sure that he had something that ensured that Darkness’ end of the bargain remained intact. He had to have leverage, something to hold over Darkness’ head. Do you understand?”
“Yes,” Kate said. “Even the best person would do something cruel to save someone he loves. Even the best person would hurt someone because they could,” Kate said the last part more to herself than to Rico. 
She looked at him then, really looked at his dark hair and even features. His raven hair reflected the light, giving the illusion that he had rainbow highlights. His lips were full and sensuous, probably soft and rough at the same time, like his hands. He held himself with an air of dignity, never slouching like so many teenagers did. Kate found herself wondering how old he was, wondering if he was too old for her.
Rico moved suddenly, pulling Kate from her daydream, and in one swift motion he was standing up. He moved to the window and looked back at Kate, that same look of sadness swirling in his blue eyes. “I should go now,” he said. “It’s almost two a.m., and I don’t think the demon is going to come back for you.”
Kate started. “Wait,” she said, stopping him before he could jump out. “How do you know he won’t come back now, or even later? What am I supposed to do about it?”
“Be careful and don’t talk to strangers, especially at night.” With those words, Rico departed, leaving Kate questioning what kind of advice that was supposed to be. She knew better than to talk to strangers, especially at night. What kind of an idiot did he think she was?
	 

5

The next morning Kate slept in. She was glad that her mother and father didn’t bother coming up to wake her; that was the first night that she had been able to sleep since moving to Florida, and she knew that they would have ruined her much needed rest. Kate didn’t wake until well after the sunrise. When she did, the memories of her conversation with Rico flooded back. Images of demons and humans, Light and Darkness, and right and wrong swirled through her thoughts.
Kate rose and was shocked to see the glass and blood that littered her bamboo floors. She had almost forgotten the worst part about the night before. The demon, the one that she had never seen, frightened her. How long would he pursue her? How could he scare her so much when she had never seen him?
Kate spent most of the morning and afternoon cleaning up the mess in her room, taking careful pains to make sure that everything was spotless. After that, she shut her window, along with all the others in the house, and turned on the air conditioner; her parents would have to deal with it being on all the time because she was not giving any demon an invitation to come in and possess her.
As Kate cleaned, she thought about how easily it was for her to believe Rico’s story and wondered why. It should be an impossible thing to believe, knowing that science was incorrect, that a lot of what she learned in school consisted of untruths. Somehow, though, she sensed that he told the truth. First, the man had been incredibly strong; his arms had held Kate captive against her will. Kate knew that she wasn’t stronger than a fully grown man, but she should have been able to struggle in his arms. He had held her still, so tight that her breath had escaped her chest, until Kate had managed to hit his head with hers. 
Second, Kate didn’t think that Rico’s imagination could paint an intricate story within minutes. She knew that Rico wasn’t stupid; she could tell by the way that he spoke and carried himself. However, Kate didn’t think that it was possible, for even the best storyteller, to come up with a lie so elaborate.
Kate’s mind drifted back to Rico. She remembered the way his eyes kept finding hers in order to make sure that she wasn’t scared out of her wits. She remembered the way his voice sounded when he told the story, informative, yet sad at the same time, like it hurt to tell the truth. She thought about his endless eyes, a blue that she had only seen on the covers of animated princess films. Kate allowed herself this once to fantasize about his intentions, imagining that he was a hero and she was a damsel in distress.
The afternoon passed by quickly; Kate was consumed with cleaning and working through her thoughts. It wasn’t long before her parents came home with dinner. Kate sat at the table, immersed in pleasant conversation with her mother and father, and for a moment, Kate forgot about the demon that lurked outside.
“Why are the windows shut, darling?” Kate’s dad asked after dessert.
“I’m too hot to sleep at night. The summer weather is beautiful, don’t get me wrong, but I can’t seem to fall asleep. I’ve tried it out, I promise, but it doesn’t work. I’m sorry,” Kate said. She felt bad for having to say this to her father. She figured her mother would have been the one to ask her, and the speech she prepared for her mother was much more snarky. 
“That’s okay, Kate. To be honest, it’s hard for me to sleep. The breeze coming off of the ocean in Australia was much cooler, somehow.” 
“Thanks, Dad. I appreciate you letting me do this,” Kate said with a small smile. She looked up at her dad then, so happy to be talking with him instead of her mom.
Blaire had just sat there, listening to the conversation without a word. Kate imagined that she would complain to her dad about it after Kate left the room, and when she did leave the room later that night, she wasn’t surprised to hear her mother’s whispers as she ascended the stairs for bed.

The sun shone brightly the next afternoon, beating down on Kate’s tanned body. She sipped peach lemonade and read another juicy vampire story, waiting for her skin to bronze and sparkle. The story made Kate feel giddy, almost as if vampires could be real since demons obviously were. 
Kate hadn’t seen Rico in almost two days, and she was beginning to feel like it was all a dream. If Rico hadn’t really come into her room the other night, did that mean that she had never been attacked? Kate liked the odds of this, and leaned back in her chair, imagining that none of it happened. She was just getting to a good part in her daydream when she heard soft footsteps behind her, coming her way. 
Kate turned to see an old man carrying equipment; he looked to be about sixty-years old, and had dark grey hair. His smile was friendly and warm, like his hazel eyes. He shuffled when he walked, dragging his legs across the sandy ground like it hurt too much to lift them up.
“Excuse me, Miss. Do you mind if I spray the plants inside and out?” he asked, his voice a slow southern drawl. 
Kate nodded, and pointed toward the back door. “It’s already open,” she said. “You can walk right in.”
“Thank you. I’ll go on and head on inside first, Miss, if that’s okay.”
Kate nodded and watched as the gardener hobbled up the steps. She smiled, thinking about how adorable he was. 
Kate decided that it was time to abandon her thoughts; it was too dangerous to get caught up in things that weren’t real. There was a demon chasing her. There wasn’t any time to contemplate what her life would be like if he wasn’t, because he was. 
Kate stood up and walked to the edge of the ocean; she let her feet sink into the sand as the water ran over its smooth surface. The waves splashed against her warm skin, cooling her off. She let the water trickle over her body, taking with it all thoughts of demons. Kate played with the waves for a while, letting them chase her and then tackling them afterwards. She enjoyed the carefree atmosphere of their quiet, private beach and felt safe.
Kate walked back up to her beach chair a little later, water dripping from her hair. She was ready to continue lounging around, even though she buzzed with energy. She glanced at the house, wondering why she never saw the old man leave; she had been in the water for at least fifteen minutes. Kate was about to go and make sure that the gardener didn’t leave without her noticing, when Rico strolled around the corner with his hands in his pockets, his eyes on the ground. He looked up, taking in Kate’s aquamarine bikini, and smiled appreciatively. Kate sighed inwardly and rolled her eyes, knowing that Rico, too, would notice her figure. She was tall and thin, with long legs and a tiny waist. Now that her skin was kissed by the sun, her lean muscles were defined.
“Is this what you’ve been doing all day?” Rico asked, walking up to Kate. “Running around in the sunshine?”
Kate smiled and pushed her damp hair behind her ear. “Pretty much,” she said.
“I don’t see why you would be outside when your parents are home, especially because you don’t get much time with them.”
“My parents aren’t home,” Kate said, confused.
“What?” Rico said, spinning around, his voice growing angry. He was now looking at the house, Kate the last thing on his mind. 
Kate followed his gaze and wondered whether he had lost it.
“Who did you let inside?” he asked accusingly.
“What? It was just the gardener. He had to do his job. Who do you think I let inside?” Kate asked, her voice accusing Rico, asking him why he thought she was so incompetent.
“What do you mean just the gardener? I told you not to talk to strangers. You don’t know who he is or what he’s capable of. You should have listened to me. I asked you to do one thing and you couldn’t even do that,” Rico said, his voice rising. 
“What is the matter with you?” Kate asked.
“That man in there is what’s wrong,” Rico said, pointing at the beach house. “You don’t know who he is, whether he’s a human or a demon.”
“Are you kidding me? Am I supposed to be afraid of everyone now? Look, Rico, I pissed off one demon, but that doesn’t mean that they all are coming after me. There are millions of…”
“You don’t know that,” Rico said, interrupting Kate’s angry tirade. His voice was oddly calm, his face a mask of indifference. He stepped away from Kate, shoving his hands back in his pockets, looking into her stormy eyes, waiting.
“What?” she asked, her voice barely a whisper.
“I don’t know who that demon was,” Rico answered. “He could be important. He might not be. I didn’t get a good look at him when we fought the other night, but he wasn’t someone that I recognized instantly. We need to wait until we figure out who he is before we make any decisions. If it’s someone important, he could send others after you. Since we don’t know, Kate, you need to be careful.”
Now it was Kate’s turn to step back. “You never told me this,” she said, flashes of fear and anger burning her throat. Angry tears threatened to fall, but Kate managed to control her emotions. She thought about what they had spoken about that night, but there was no mention of the demon that attacked her. It seemed like Rico knew as much as she did about him, which wasn’t much at all.
She was still staring at Rico when the gardener walked back out of the house. He looked from Kate to Rico and smiled at the couple. 
“I’m finished inside,” he said as he hobbled down the staircase. “You sure have a lot of plants in the house, Miss. Do you mind if I take a break and come back later to do the outside? You seem rather busy, and I’m pretty tired if I do say so myself.” The man was in front of Kate and Rico now, looking back and forth between them, probably sensing the raw emotion coming from both of them.
“Sure,” Kate said breathlessly. Her thoughts were far from the gardener, but slowly circled in when she realized what he could be.
“Thank you, Miss,” he said before turning to leave. “I didn’t mean to get caught up in y’all’s romance. I apologize.” 
Kate watched as the old man shuffled away across the sand. He was far too fragile and adorable to be a demon. There was no way that Rico would be right about this man. She allowed her eyes to rest on the gardener for a moment longer before turning back to Rico. Kate watched his eyes pursue the old man until he disappeared around the end of the building.
“Well?” she asked.
“He’s human,” Rico said, sounding defeated.
“I told you that he wasn’t going to hurt me, Rico.”
“But he could have. And that’s all that matters. Don’t you understand that?” Rico asked her, truly wanting to hear Kate’s honest answer. 
Kate sighed. Rico was right, though. In the end, that man could have been a demon; he could have invited Kate into her own house and possessed her. Kate knew that Rico’s comment rang from the truth within his words, but she couldn’t help but wonder why Rico cared so much about her safety. He was a stranger that had introduced her to this life because of a random attack. He had never been obligated to tell her the truth, but he had, and Kate was thankful. “Yes. You’re right,” Kate whispered. She looked at the ground when she spoke, almost as if she didn’t want to give Rico the satisfaction of being right. 
Rico sighed then, and walked down to the water’s edge. Kate followed him, not wanting him to disappear for another couple days, only to show up and bark at her some more. They stood there for a while before either of them spoke, Kate trying to remain patient, Rico trying to calm himself down. Kate kept sneaking glances, watching Rico as he stared out into the endless blue-green of the ocean.
“You have to understand that I’m trying to make sure your parents don’t have to bury their daughter,” he said. 
“I understand,” she claimed. “But I don’t understand why you care about my safety. I don’t understand what’s going on. I don’t understand why it’s happening. I do know that we may have never met, and I would be just like every other girl out there that’s not being saved by overprotective bad boys.”
Rico laughed but it sounded sad. “Overprotective bad boy? Is that what you see me as, Kate? If so, I might have to change my image, because that wasn’t the label I was aiming for.” He laughed again, and this time it sounded honest. Kate watched as he laced his fingers together and put them behind his head before speaking again. 
“I met you, Kate. That’s what this is. You said it could be different right now, but it’s not. Meeting you is the reason I’m trying to keep you safe. I would do the same for Adriana, even your parents,” he said.
Of course, Kate thought. He would definitely save Adriana too. Kate crossed her arms, suddenly annoyed with Rico.
“You should go,” she said quickly. “It’s getting cold outside and I think I’m going to go in and get dressed. My parents and I are going in to Tampa tonight to grab dinner and go shopping. We’re going to be there for the whole weekend so you won’t need to wait outside my window.”
Rico nodded and turned to leave. Kate stared, watching him just walk away without so much as a goodbye or see you later. Rico didn’t seem like the type of person to hate saying goodbye; he could have had any girl he wanted. Kate let her thoughts drift back to her last boyfriend, remembering their goodbye.
Kate had dated a senior during her freshman year. He had been a baseball player, with an excellent home run average and a scholarship to a local university. His blonde wavy hair and blue eyes made him someone that all of the girls chased. Kate was lucky that she caught him, but realized quickly that he didn’t care about her like he did his friends or baseball practice. She had been one of the four girls he left when baseball season started up. It was a different freshman girl each year; they were the only ones that didn’t know about his schemes. They were the only ones innocent enough to fall for them, and they were the only ones that upperclassmen loved to see fall into the trap he created each year.
Kate blinked, forcing herself to focus on something positive. She was going to get out of her small beach town for a couple days. She was going to be able to think about things that didn’t remind her of demons, Rico, or her safety.

6

Kate walked up the front steps of the beach house a few days later, hands filled with shopping bags and her suitcase. She pushed open the familiar buttercup door and walked up to her bedroom, tossing everything on her bed. She walked back downstairs, eager to see the white sand and blue waves of her backyard beach.
Kate had enjoyed Tampa. She loved the large shopping malls, the beautiful houses and upscale restaurants. It was nice, being able to escape the turmoil of her days alone at the beach house. Now that she was back, she was glad to be here. She couldn’t imagine why people wanted to live in large, spectacular houses that were too beautiful to really live in, when they could find a quiet place on the beach somewhere.
Kate smiled as she pushed the door open. The warm summer breeze tangled itself in her curls like a friendly embrace. Kate rushed down the steps of the cherry deck and stepped onto the smooth surface of the sand. The heat of the summer sun could still be felt in the individual grains, and Kate had a feeling that the sand had been waiting for her. The wind had erased her footprints while she was gone, leaving a fresh new canvas. Kate ran across the smooth surface, enjoying the feeling of moving her stiff muscles, laughing because she felt pure freedom in her ability to run with the waves.
“You look like you’re having fun,” Adriana commented.
Kate turned and smiled at Adriana. “I haven’t seen you in a while,” she replied. “How was your weekend?”
“Busy. My dad and I sold quite a bit of bait this weekend, so I had to spend a lot of time driving back and forth, delivering larger and larger amounts because of the rush of people. What did you do this weekend?”
“I went into Tampa with my family. We shopped and checked out some sites, including the Florida Aquarium,” Kate said, rolling her eyes in Adriana’s direction. 
“Well, it looks like we both got lucky this weekend,” Adriana said with a smile.
Kate looked at her and offered a smile in return, understanding the meaning behind Adriana’s words. Both girls were lucky to have spent time with their families, since neither one got to very often.
Kate liked the sense of kinship she felt around Adriana. She had never found a girl that had the same feelings she had, and it was easy to trust her new acquaintance. She looked at Adriana then, taking in her dark features and ivory skin. Adriana wore a black bikini and a dark sheer dress to cover the exposed skin on her midriff. She was thin, like Kate, but shorter by about three inches. She carried wedges in her hand again, and Kate suspected that she didn’t like being small. 
“Hey, I know you just got back, but I was wondering if you wanted to have a sleepover at my house,” Adriana asked. “I’m home alone tonight and don’t really want to stay by myself. Rico’s been pretty cryptic lately but he’s making it sound like it’s not safe around here anymore. Do you think your parents would let you stay?”
Kate blinked. Were the demons invading this small town? Or was Rico just making sure that Adriana stayed cautious like Kate? Whatever the reason, Kate was certain that Rico wasn’t kidding around with Adriana. He hadn’t been kidding around with Kate when he told her not to talk to strangers; in fact, she had been chastised for doing just the thing that he had asked her not to. Kate assumed that he hinted that Adriana sleep with a friend tonight.
“I think so,” Kate said, hoping that her parents would allow her to sleep over. She felt the sudden need to watch over Adriana, to protect her, like Rico protected Kate. 
When Kate walked inside her house, her parents were dancing around the kitchen in a fit of romance. An idea burst in her mind.
“Hey, Mom, Dad, do you mind if I spend the night at Adriana’s house? She’s the girl that I went fishing with a couple days ago. I know you’ve been hanging around me all weekend, so I assume you want to be alone.” This had to work.
Kate’s mother turned to face her. “Of course, dear,” she said distractedly.
Kate’s dad, however, turned to Kate. “Are you sure that this is a good idea, honey? You hardly know the girl. How do you know that you can trust her?”
“I can trust this girl, Daddy. I promise. She’s not like the other girls I’ve known. She’s different.”
“Okay,” Aaron said skeptically.
“Let her go, Aaron. She’s a big girl,” Blaire responded airily. Kate could sense that her thoughts had already drifted somewhere else.
Kate looked into her father’s eyes and nodded. He trusted her judgment, and she was telling him that she would be okay this time.
“Go ahead,” he said at last. 
Aaron turned to Blaire and took her into his arms once more, spinning her around the kitchen tiles. Kate watched her parents continue their dance before heading upstairs to pack her things.
As Kate packed, her mind was pulled back to her only other sleepover. Kate’s middle school friend, Ally, had been a small girl that was more concerned with popularity than friendships. Kate wasn’t as concerned with the concept yet; she was more concerned with making friends in general. When Ally invited Kate to a sleepover that she was having with the popular girls, Kate was ecstatic. She rushed home after school that Friday and packed her sleeping bag and stuffed dog. She packed her nail polish and makeup, along with her hair things, knowing that, according to the movies, makeovers were a tradition at sleepovers. 
When Kate arrived, the girls stole her clothes and tossed them in the front yard. They shoved her underwear and bra into the most popular boy’s mailbox with a love note from Kate. Ally had even ripped apart Kate’s stuffed dog in an effort to fit in with the girls that were being mean to Kate. The worst part was the picture that circulated around school the Monday afterwards. The boy had taken photos of the supposed gift that Kate left in the mailbox, and sent it to all of his friends. Life after that had been difficult, and Kate had been eager to move to another city; she thought that each new city would bring new, kinder people into her life, people that wouldn’t hurt others on purpose. She crossed her fingers, hoping that she wasn’t about to make the same mistake.
Kate pushed the memory from her mind and finished packing. That kind of stuff would not happen at this sleepover. First, the girls were older now. Second, there was only one girl at this sleepover. She would not allow herself to think negatively of Adriana, especially since she knew so little about her. Kate hurried to finish packing her things and emerged from the house seconds later, excited for her second sleepover.

Adriana lived in a beautiful three-story Tuscan. Vines crept up the taupe walls and clung to the upstairs windows, seemingly blocking out any light. An onyx Audi A5 was parked in the garage next to a cherry Ferrari 458 Italia, and Kate stared at them as she walked by. 
The interior was even more ostentatious. The chandelier above the foyer was an upside down birdcage; antique hanging lamps clung to the walls. The furniture scattered about the house was mix and match, with pastel wooden chairs sitting next to unpainted ones, all pushed underneath a table that looked like an old door. Kate followed Adriana up a winding staircase and into her bedroom. 
Adriana’s bedroom looked like something out of Princess Jasmine’s catalogue. The bed was painted a dull gold color, dark wood peeking through the peeled back edges. Teal accessories, including an antique oval mirror and jeweled pillows, were placed in the perfect locations, offering splashes of color among the gold and chocolate of the bigger pieces. As Kate walked around the room, mesmerized by its beauty and maturity, she gawked at a magic lamp. Adriana even had a magic lamp.
“Do you like my room?” Adriana asked, obviously pleased with Kate’s reaction.
“Like it? I love it, Adriana. It’s beautiful,” Kate said honestly. 
Adriana smiled and pushed her dark hair behind her shoulders. She walked to a door that opened to reveal a large closet.
“You can put your things in here,” Adriana said, pointing to a plush ottoman sitting in the center of the expansive room. Kate looked around at the ivory and black room. Adriana almost certainly had a hundred pairs of shoes, mostly high heels, and Kate didn’t miss that most of her wardrobe was black. 
As if in answer to Kate’s question, Adriana responded. “Black is my favorite color. It’s very slimming and always makes you look older than you really are.”
Kate nodded like she understood. Inside, however, she was puzzled by Adriana’s sense of style and maturity. She was shocked at the amount of beautiful, handcrafted antiques in Adriana’s bedroom, but reminded herself that it was modeled after a Disney princess; it was proof enough that Adriana remembered her innocence.
“Come on, Kate. Let’s watch a movie downstairs. I’m in the mood for some popcorn. What about you?” Adriana asked.
“I think that sounds great,” Kate said. It would offer a great distraction from the questions that circled around Kate’s mind. Plus, it would be a great way to bond with a girl that she didn’t know very well.
Kate followed Adriana back downstairs. Adriana plopped down on a cushy couch covered with pillows and picked up the remote for a very large television. Expertly flicking through the channels that Kate still had to learn, Adriana showed a list of movies, asking Kate which one she wanted to see. Kate chose a sappy love story and the two of them snuggled into the cushions with bowls of popcorn, ready to bawl their eyes out.
“I just love being in love,” Adriana sighed as the girls walked upstairs after watching two movies in a row. They had managed to spend their entire evening bonding over their favorite movies while simultaneously eating four bags of buttery popcorn. 
“I bet it’s beautiful, Adriana,” Kate commented, suddenly unsure of herself.
“Oh, I forgot, Kate. I’m sorry,” Adriana said. “I didn’t mean to bring that up. I wasn’t thinking.”
Kate smiled, understanding. However, she was glad that Adriana wasn’t going to bring up the fact that she couldn’t really join the conversation. It showed Adriana’s true character; Kate suspected that when Adriana fell in love, she did it fearlessly, and Kate hoped that she could be like that when her time came.
“Your time will come,” Adriana added knowingly. “Don’t rush it, though. It won’t be beautiful if you rush it.”
“I know,” Kate agreed.  
The girls reached Adriana’s room then, and got ready for bed. Surprisingly, Kate was exhausted from the car ride back home and fell asleep almost as soon as her head hit the soft, feather pillow. 
Much later, a noise from downstairs woke Kate up. She reached under her pillow for her phone to check the time. It was four in the morning. Sleepily, Kate shoved her phone under her pillow and tried to make herself fall back into the dream she had been having. If Adriana didn’t wake up then there must not be any danger. 
However, moments later Kate heard footsteps below, on the second landing. She sat up, instantly alert, afraid that the demon had found her. Kate slipped out of bed, relieved that Adriana had a memory foam mattress. She might be able to get a good look at the demon and describe him to Rico when she next saw him. It might be able to help Rico on his quest to protect Kate and Adriana.
The hall was dimly lit, the antique light fixtures still burning. Kate pressed herself against the wall and walked slowly until she reached the top of the stairs. Someone was in one of the bedrooms on the second floor. 
For a second Kate was torn, forced to choose between waking Adriana and continuing alone. She took a step toward the stairs before she even finished her thought, knowing that she would face the demon on her own. This was her battle; she knew that it would be smarter to wake Adriana, but she couldn’t risk Adriana’s safety. Plus, she had to find out who her stalker was.

7

There was a large vase filled with long, decorative metal rods somewhere, and Kate wracked her brain in an attempt to remember where. She stopped on the second landing, aware that her heart beat furiously. She almost decided to walk in empty handed but saw the vase off to her left, on the bottom level. Kate quickly slipped down the stairs, keeping to the shadows, and grabbed one of the metal poles, gripping it tightly, her knuckles white. 
The second landing was covered with shaggy carpet, and Kate was thankful, because in her nervousness she failed to walk on her tiptoes. She held her breath as she got closer and rearranged her grip on her weapon so that she could disarm her attacker easily. Kate could see where the demon had taken refuge; a door at the end of the hall that sat slightly ajar. Light spilled out onto the carpet through the crack, and Kate was careful not to step into it, afraid of giving her position away.
Now that Kate was there, standing in front of the door, she was stuck. She didn’t know what to do. Was she supposed to yell and kick the door open? Was she supposed to peek in and watch his plan unfold before barging in and announcing that she knew all of his secrets? Or was she supposed to wait there, staff in hand until he actually came out?
Kate never had the opportunity to make a decision because the door opened at that moment. Kate reacted, swinging the rod down hard, connecting with flesh and bone. She saw her attacker fall at her feet, unaware of who or what had attacked him. She lifted her weapon up again, prepared to strike her assailant, to frighten him like he had frightened her, when she heard a soft moan of protest. 
“Kate, it’s just me,” said the familiar voice, drowned out because of the carpet.
“Rico?” Kate asked, extremely confused.
“Yes, Rico,” said the voice again.
Kate leaned the weapon against the wall quickly and crouched down next to Rico. Her heart pounded, a mix of embarrassment and worry. She reached out, touching the naked skin of his back. He flinched under her touch, and she pulled away.
“I’m so sorry,” she whispered. “I thought you were the demon. I thought you were trying to attack me. You told Adriana about the demons, so I thought he was coming here for both of us. I’m so, so sorry,” she said.
She watched as Rico stirred. He lifted himself up and leaned against the wall and rubbed his shoulder. He looked up at the ceiling, ignoring her presence as he regained control. Kate watched as a bruise started forming and winced. She began muttering apologies until Rico put his hand up, stopping her.
“Don’t worry about it,” he mumbled finally. “I’m fine, although I must admit that you aren’t bad. I almost think you could take care of yourself if you had to,” he said. A small smile broke across his face. 
“I really am sorry,” was all Kate could say.
“Hey,” Rico said, catching Kate’s eyes and holding them. “You had no idea that I would be here. I know that you wouldn’t hit me like that on purpose. Believe me, I’m fine. I just need to grab some water and ice now. I’ll feel much better after that.” 
With that, he stood up and held out his hand, waiting for Kate to take it. He hoisted her up, grabbed the staff, and started walking toward the stairs. Kate followed him and watched as he put the weapon back in the vase. 
Rico led Kate into the kitchen next, where he grabbed some ice. He rested a bag filled with it on his shoulder and started to relax. Kate watched as he did this, his lean muscles flexing with every motion. Kate took note of his low slung jeans, his bare feet. She could see each muscle stretch and relax individually, noting that he was well-built. She stared at him a little longer than she wanted to, never truly realizing until this moment his attractiveness; he was beautiful. 
Kate was pulled out of her reverie by the sound of Rico clearing his throat. Her cheeks burned and she looked at the stone tiles to cover her shame. 
“I think I’ve been caught looking at your half naked body before,” she heard him say. “It’s nothing to be ashamed of,” he added, a smile evident in his voice.
Kate looked up at Rico through her lashes and traced the edge of a tile with her toe. She couldn’t bring herself to look into his eyes just yet, afraid that she would begin to fall into their eternal blue. She shook her head, erasing the image of her discovery. Rico was Adriana’s boy; Kate couldn’t possibly find him attractive, because it was against all forms of friendships among girls.
“What’s going on down here?” Adriana asked, stepping into the kitchen. Kate couldn’t help but notice that her hair was perfectly straight, her silk nightgown tight and short. She didn’t look like she had just rolled out of bed. Kate imagined that she looked much different than Adriana, with wild curls and cotton shorts. She watched as Adriana pushed her hair over her shoulders and walked to the refrigerator where she grabbed a bottle of water. She tossed one to Kate, who opened it and drank nearly half the bottle.
“What happened to you?” Adriana asked Rico, understanding that her first question wasn’t going to get answered. 
“Kate hit me with one of your stupid steel staffs.”
“Ouch,” Adriana said. She walked over to Rico and lifted up the bag of ice. “You’ve got a nasty bruise there, honey. You must have given Kate a fright.”
“She thought I was the elder demon.”
Adriana laughed and turned to face Kate. “Oh honey, you would be dead right now if he had been the elder demon. Then again, I’m half- surprised you aren’t dead already.”
Kate gawked at Adriana. 
“Adriana,” Rico said warningly. 
Adriana scowled at Rico and stuck her tongue out. They knew each other better than Kate thought. Rico was even allowed to break in to Adriana’s house for a sleepover of their own. Kate began to back away, ready to give them the time they needed alone, wondering why she needed to sleep over at Adriana’s house when Adriana could have just asked Rico. 
“Where are you going?” Rico asked. “You must have a hundred questions. Don’t you want to ask them?”
“That’s okay,” Kate said. “I’m just going to head back upstairs so that you can be alone. Really, I don’t want to inconvenience either of you.”
Adriana and Rico broke out in simultaneous laughter.
“Kate,” Adriana managed to say between gasps, “We don’t need any alone time, believe me. We’ve had loads of alone time, trust me.”
“What she means to say,” Rico added, tossing Adriana a dirty look, “is that we aren’t together. We’re friends, and we’ve been friends for a while.”
Kate wrinkled her brow, confused. Adriana arched an eyebrow, looking at Rico. Rico sighed and leaned back against the counter. Once again, Kate couldn’t just take what was offered; she needed to hear the whole dang truth. 
“Get comfortable, sweetheart,” he said. “I’ve got another story for you.”
Kate stood still for a moment, hesitant; she did as she was told, however, and walked further into the kitchen. She leaned on the granite counter near Adriana, afraid that Rico only made his last comment because he caught her staring at him. She felt Adriana’s gaze focus on her and tried to hide her blush. She could tell that Adriana knew what she did and why she did it, but she wasn’t going to admit anything to her new friend; she didn’t want to start any unnecessary competition between them, especially since they had just connected.
“Adriana and I have known each other for a while.” Rico started. “We lied to you, letting you think that we just met so that we could split up. It was easier to do it that way, so that you wouldn’t suspect that we were both looking out for your safety.”
“Why are you both looking out for my safety? I don’t understand. And why are you now saying that this man is an elder demon?”
Adriana stepped in. “An elder demon is someone who has successfully possessed humans before. In particular, this elder demon has possessed hundreds so far. We think that he is now going after you.”
“Why would he go after me? Who am I, compared to the billions of humans on this planet? Why me?” Kate asked, panic evident in her voice, etched on her features.
“Hey, please calm down,” Rico said, his voice soothing. “You have nothing to worry about. Adriana and I are good at our jobs. I promise that he won’t possess your body.”
Kate looked at him, eyeing his cool confidence.
Adriana continued her explanation. “We haven’t solved the mystery of why he’s chosen you next, Kate. We’re working on it, and we think we’re pretty close to figuring it out, but we need to make sure that we’re right before moving on.”
“Why do you think he chose me?” Kate asked, looking back and forth between Adriana and Rico, trying to convince them that she could handle it.
“We can’t tell you until we know for sure,” Adriana claimed. Kate didn’t believe that she couldn’t mention anything, but she knew that arguing or whining wouldn’t get her the answers she sought. 
“Fine,” Kate said finally. She turned toward Rico. “You said you were good at your job. What is it? I know it’s not just to protect me. I can see that now.”
“Adriana and I hunt demons that possess humans. We believe that they shouldn’t possess humans, that it’s not right.”
“And we’re here to kill him, the elder demon. We want to see him dead,” Adriana added seriously.
“I thought you didn’t know who the demon was. And now you’re saying that he’s an elder demon,” Kate mentioned, turning to Rico. 
“We’re talking about another demon, Kate. The one that we know is here for you. The other demon is someone that we don’t know, and we’re working to figure out who he is and what he wants.”
“Okay. Well, how do you plan on killing the demon that you’re after?” Kate asked. She knew that she would get no further on the subject of the demon that had already attacked her; she could sense that they were just as confused as she was. Instead, Kate focused on this new demon, her heartbeat already quickening. 
Adriana started to explain but Rico interrupted her. “I think that’s all we need to talk about tonight, Kate.” He moved over to her and pushed her gently from the kitchen, taking her toward the stairs. He paused when he reached the bottom and took her face in his hands, making her face him. Kate’s heart fluttered in her throat.
“Promise me that you won’t go snooping around about this. I know you’re curious but we’re doing what we need to do in order to make sure that you’re okay. Do you promise me that?”
Kate just nodded, at a loss for words. All she could think about was the fact that Rico’s hands really were soft and rough at the same time. It had been hard to determine whether it was the truth when he had touched her before. The other times had all seemed to pass by quickly. This time she was caught in time. Kate’s mind was cluttered, swirling around the things that she was afraid of, the things she didn’t want to happen to her, and the things that she wanted a lot of right now. The first thing on the list of things she wanted was Rico’s rough hands tangled with hers.

8

Kate woke up alone the next morning; a note scribbled and tossed on Adriana’s pillow let her know that she and Rico would be back before lunch. Kate found herself milling around Adriana’s bedroom after she showered, her freshly dried curls tumbling over her shoulders. Kate’s cream top was cut low in the back and was held together by a thin ribbon tied at her waist. Kate couldn’t help but think that Adriana would appreciate this top a little bit more than the others because of the black ribbon, and especially because it was paired with black cotton shorts. After a few minutes of pacing, Kate decided that she was too hungry to wait, so she headed down to the kitchen.
Once there, Kate searched through the cabinets, finding a frying pan and pancake mix. She crossed her fingers as she looked for blueberries in the fridge and was pleased to find some. She set to work, expertly mixing the ingredients, adding in the dash of vanilla her mother always used to sweeten up the recipe. When Kate finished cooking, she sat down in one of the pastel chairs at the dining room table to eat her breakfast.
Behind her, a door opened, but Kate wouldn’t turn around, afraid of looking too eager to see Rico, afraid of giving Adriana the satisfaction of watching her suffocate in front of him. 
“Who are you?” someone asked.
Kate turned, not recognizing the voice that asked her such a simple question. Her eyes found a young man that looked to be about twenty-five. He had a deep tan and sandy hair that was messy, yet short. His eyes, however, lent truth to the fact that he was older than he looked, and Kate guessed that he must be Adriana’s father. 
“I’m Kate,” she said. “I spent the night here last night since you weren’t here. Adriana didn’t want to be alone so she asked me to come over. I hope that it was alright for me to stay here,” she added, not wanting to seem rude. 
The man smiled and moved toward the table. He caught sight of the stack of blueberry pancakes and pointed at them before speaking. “If you’re sharing those you can come back anytime, sweetheart.” He laughed and sat down. 
“Of course,” Kate said, gesturing to the pile, showing him that he could have as many as he wanted. She grinned as he picked one up with his fingers, folded it twice, and popped the entire thing in his mouth. When he finished chewing it, he praised Kate, telling her that it was the best blueberry pancake he had ever had in his life.
“That’s not very nice,” Adriana joked as she joined them at the table. “You should try telling me that my pancakes are good, Dad. I might have to stop cooking for you if you’d prefer Kate’s cooking,” she added with a smile.
Adriana looked at Kate’s outfit then and winked in approval. “Dad, this is Kate. Kate, this is my dad, Donovan.”
“Sweetheart, Kate and I have met already but thank you for the introductions. I haven’t found the opportunity to state my name yet, since my mouth was filled with her delicious pancakes. Nevertheless, we’ve shared pancakes and bonded over their exquisite flavor. I’d say we’re close friends, actually. Wouldn’t you agree Kate?” Donovan winked, teasing Kate. His smile was friendly and genuine, and Kate decided instantly that she liked him.
Kate nodded and smiled at Adriana. Adriana rolled her eyes and grabbed a pancake. She poured copious amounts of maple syrup on top of it, so much that Kate wondered if she would need to be diagnosed as diabetic after breakfast. Kate smiled as Donovan grabbed more and piled them on his plate. He didn’t put quite as much syrup on his pancakes. 
The three of them ate breakfast together, partaking in small talk about Kate’s thoughts of Dolphin Bay and the weather. Donovan was friendly, and Kate could tell that he loved Adriana very much. He watched her movements and listened to her comments with adoration, proud of his beautiful daughter. 
When Adriana dropped Kate off at home later that afternoon, Kate was sad to watch her go. She had enjoyed breakfast and spending time with Adriana’s father, even though he looked a little young to have a daughter Adriana’s age. Kate wondered, absently, how old he was when Adriana’s mother became pregnant as she stepped into her less extravagant, yet homey, beach house.

Kate was walking in a dark, wooded area. The air was wet; a blanket of fog covered the moss and grass underneath Kate’s bare feet. She lifted up the long ivory gown that she wore, making sure that the bottom didn’t get too muddy as she wandered through the dense forest. Birds whistled all around Kate, announcing the sunset. Kate looked up, trying to find a break in the trees, searching for the sun to see how much time she had left. She couldn’t see it, and quickened her pace, afraid that she wouldn’t arrive in time. 
Kate began to fear that she was lost, moving in circles, stuck in time. Her fears taunted her, but she pushed them into the corners of her mind and kept moving. She didn’t have much time and she couldn’t, no she wouldn’t, be late. Confused, Kate searched her memory, asking herself why she was so anxious to find this place but came up empty handed. She wouldn’t dwell on it too long, though, because it took precious time to think of things other than where she needed to end up. 
Another moment and Kate spotted a break in the trees ahead. She began to run toward it, her bare feet raw from striking the rocks that lay hidden in the soft grass. She pushed herself forward, though, knowing that what she found on the other side of the trees would save her and those she loved most.
Kate stopped suddenly, almost afraid of what she would find beyond the trees. She took careful, deliberate steps and found herself on one side of a curtain of vines. She lifted a trembling hand, her fingers stretching to push the vines aside.
Heat. Kate’s hand felt dry warmth as it moved closer to the curtain. She flexed her fingers enjoying the sensation, and pushed the curtain to the side, so that she could see what she was searching for, what she craved.
Kate fell to her knees, tears tumbling down her cheeks, drowning out the scream that was caught in her throat. Before her, the world caught fire, burning so brightly the light chased the shadows into the forest. She watched in horror, knowing that the people she loved burned in those toxic flames.

Kate woke with a start. Her blankets were sticky with sweat and her skin was burning; her head spun from the heat. Kate got out of her damp bed, tearing the blankets and sheets off in frustration. She tossed them into the hamper before taking a cold shower. She couldn’t think properly until she took a shower.
While Kate stood under the frigid water she tried to decipher her dream. She wasn’t truly afraid of the world catching fire, so what did it mean? She found herself sifting through a plethora of explanations: It was so warm in the house that she felt as though it would catch fire. No. The flat stovetop at Adriana’s, the way it changed into an orange circle as it heated up, sparked the dream. Not likely. Kate’s heart would burst into flames if she fell for Rico. Utterly ridiculous. 
Kate stepped out of the shower, no happier than before she got in. She wrapped her towel around her body and stepped out into her warm bedroom.
“Don’t undress,” Rico said quickly, scaring Kate. She stepped back, bumping into the wall, and grabbed her heart, afraid it would burst. 
“Don’t you ever do that again,” she said, glaring at Rico as she rifled through her drawers, snatching up the clothes that she needed to put on immediately. She rushed into the bathroom, her hands full, and locked the door. She emerged a couple moments later, her damp curls already soaking her tank top.
“I apologize for scaring you,” Rico said.
“How did you get in here? Are my parents gone already?” Kate spat, still upset.
“Your parents are gone. I came through the front door. It’s not smart to stick a key on top of the door frame, you know. By the time I got up here you were already in the bathroom so I let you shower in peace.”
“How sweet of you,” Kate retorted. 
Rico ignored her comment and looked at the pile of blankets and sheets in the hamper. He looked at her, clearly curious.
“I didn’t wet the bed if that’s what you think.”
“That wasn’t my first thought. I assumed you had a bad dream. However, if you do still wet the bed I’ll try my hardest not to tell Adriana. I don’t know if she would ever stop laughing at you.”
Kate stuck her tongue out at Rico in response. 
“Well?” he demanded. “Was it a bad dream or what?”
“Yes,” Kate said. “It was weird,” she added, turning to look at Rico when she spoke. “I was walking through a forest, searching for something that I wanted to find. When I found it, it turned out to be something I would never want. It was awful.” Kate sat down on the edge of her bed, lost somewhere in her mind, reliving the worst part of the nightmare.
“What did you see, Kate?” Rico asked, pressing.
Kate stared out at the ocean without even seeing it and shook her head. “I can’t say,” she said. “It was terrible and I won’t tell you.”
Rico pinched the bridge of his nose, clearly annoyed. Kate instantly pushed up her defenses, ready for the argument that would come next.
“You need to tell me, Kate. It’s important. I wouldn’t ask you to tell me if it wasn’t important.”
“I’m sorry, Rico. I won’t tell you. I’m not ready to face it myself. Why would I tell you if I can’t even decipher the meaning on my own?”
Rico glared at her, infuriated by Kate’s persistence. He opened his mouth to persuade her further but she held up her hand, stopping him. 
“Don’t try to convince me right now, Rico. I don’t feel like fighting with you this morning. I’m tired and hungry. Please, don’t start an argument with me.”
Rico sighed silently, purposefully not giving Kate the satisfaction one gets from winning a single battle. He didn’t want her to think that she won, because she would end up telling him eventually; if not, he would find out, one way or another.
Instead of leaving in a fit of rage, Rico stood up and held his hand out to pull Kate up as well. As soon as she was standing, Rico pulled his hand away and moved toward the door so that she would follow him. Rico led Kate to the kitchen where he rummaged through the refrigerator and cabinets, searching for the things he needed. He turned to Kate, taking his index finger and spinning it around, making a motion to tell Kate not to look at what he was doing.
Kate was perplexed by these actions. One minute Rico was angry at her for not telling her the end of her nightmare. The next minute he was gathering ingredients for a meal, and telling her to leave so that it would be a surprise. Their awkward relationship seemed like it could be more than just petty arguments and defensive remarks. Kate would have to wait to see if conversation remained light during the meal; this was still their weakest area, considering they fought every time they spoke.
Rico, somehow, seemed fine after the attack. Kate imagined that he would be limping around his house somewhere, a pack of ice taped to his shoulder. She thought that he might be begging Adriana to melt the steel rods so that they couldn’t be used as weapons anymore. Kate didn’t expect to see Rico cooking breakfast right now, especially her breakfast.
Twenty minutes later a plate was set in front of Kate. It was overflowing with granola and banana nut pancakes. A second later, two smaller plates, along with forks and glasses of orange juice were placed on the table as well. Kate’s stomach rumbled, eager to taste Rico’s cooking. She took a bite of the steaming pancakes, fully aware that he was probably buttering her up, tricking her to tell him about her dream.
“Why did you do this?” she asked after a few minutes of silence.
“You said that you were hungry. Why wouldn’t I cook you breakfast?” Rico responded. 
“I don’t know. It might have something to do with the fact that we can’t have a normal conversation. I mean one without arguments.”
“We were about to have one,” Rico commented. “However, we can still try if you want, Kate. I don’t care.”
Kate rolled her eyes at him.
“Hey, you were the one that brought it up. I was just disagreeing with you,” he said with a smile. 
“Wow. You’re really something,” Kate retorted.
“Thank you, Kate.”
Kate raised her eyebrow at Rico, and stared at him. He really was something. He enjoyed being serious at certain points but would make fun of Kate a minute later. She didn’t understand Rico or his intentions, especially because they seemed to be centered on her while spinning out of control at the same time. 	
“This is delicious,” Kate said in an attempt to change the subject.
“Thank you. I truly appreciate it, Kate. It means a lot to me that you like my pancakes, considering I was told that you make the best ones.”
“I don’t make the best pancakes.”
“That’s not what Adriana and Donovan said,” Rico commented. “You should take their compliments; they aren’t handed out very often.”
Kate looked at Rico. Here he was being nice again. A rush of exuberance flashed through Kate at this thought. Maybe they had moved beyond the petty arguments. However, when Rico left after breakfast, he took no new knowledge with him. 
Rico knew that he wouldn’t learn any more about Kate after the first few minutes of breakfast. She was quick to believe his words but took time to speak her own. His thoughts moved from Kate to her dream, sifting through her words and analyzing them. This was added to the information that was already known about the demons hunting her, which didn’t add much. Rico ruffled his hair in frustration as he continued walking toward his home, unsure of where to move next. 

9

Kate found herself lounging around outside a couple of hours later, flipping through a trashy magazine, and finding enjoyment in the miserable lives of celebrities. She wondered how they handled their seemingly perfect lives. People just wanted to see them fail, or at the very least see them without makeup. They didn’t care about the positive aspects of their lives, like their charities or thoughts on the world.
Kate was so engrossed by a disturbing picture, describing the newest teen heartthrob and his possible relationship with another teen star, that she didn’t hear the soft shuffle of the gardener at first. She turned to find him making his way around the side of the house. A younger man followed him, carrying the equipment. 
The gardener moved over to Kate; his empty hands swayed by his sides, almost as if he was using them to propel himself forward. Today he wore khaki cargo shorts and a sky blue t-shirt, along with a straw hat to block out the heat of the sun. 
“I’m sorry that I was unable to come back out the other day, Miss,” he said apologetically. “This time I brought the help of a friend o’ mine if you don’t mind.” His smile was kind; his eyebrows were knit together in concern. He really was asking Kate if it was okay to bring along someone to help him. 
Kate shook her head and pointed once again to the door behind her. “It’s open,” she said to the two men. “Go on and let yourselves inside. Thank you for all of your help, by the way. The plants and flowers are beautiful.”
“Thank you, Miss. I appreciate that you’re taking the time to look at the plants,” the gardener replied kindly. 
Kate smiled and watched both of them step inside; the younger man helped the older man over the threshold. The younger man had large muscles and close cropped hair. His arms were covered with tattoos of swirling patterns and runes. He wore a tight tank top that showed off his broad chest; his jean shorts were loose. If Kate hadn’t seen him help the older man, she might have thought him scary. 
Kate pushed the two men out of her mind and focused on more important things, like celebrity gossip. She allowed herself to dwell on the celebrities’ seemingly perfect lives and tried to imagine what it would be like to have a life that was inspected under a microscope. She shook her head, deciding that it was better to be normal, even her new and twisted version of it.
A few minutes later, Kate looked up to see the younger man walking back outside to deal with the shrubs and trees that grew at the sides and front of the house. She peeked over her magazine and watched him; his movements were slow and deliberate, almost as if he was learning how to garden and protect the plants. She wondered why the older man brought him if he wasn’t fully capable of doing the work. She decided that his muscle made up for his lack of natural ability. 
When the younger man finished his designated area, he walked back inside to help the older man finish up his part. Kate heard the pair exchange words. It sounded like the younger man was offering the older man the opportunity to wait in their vehicle. A minute later, the older man maneuvered over the threshold and down the stairs, shuffling all the way to the truck. Kate watched him disappear around the corner, somehow mesmerized by his slow, casual walk.
“Hey, Miss, I was wondering about these plants with the yellow flowers in the kitchen. Do I need to spray these also?” 
Kate turned, barely hearing the question that came from inside. She couldn’t remember a plant with yellow flowers in the kitchen, but then again the only thing she had seen in the kitchen was Rico. 
Kate stood up and headed inside with the assumption that Blaire had purchased more flowers. The interior was dim compared to the light outside. Kate’s eyes had to readjust to the limited light in the house, and she blinked several times to make the process move faster. When her vision finally cleared she wandered into the kitchen, searching for the man and the yellow flowers.
An image formed in Kate’s mind, and she remembered her mother’s bouquet of yellow and red roses. Blaire received this bouquet each anniversary and every other romantic holiday. They symbolized her deep friendship and passion with her husband.
The first year that Kate’s dad purchased the flowers was the year that the family moved to Australia. The couple had been strained because her dad had been unable to find a position at the local attorney’s office. The family had been living on Blaire’s meager salary; there was little to no money that could have gone toward a beautiful anniversary vacation, which was the norm among Kate’s parents, and Blaire had been feeling gloomy about it. However, Kate’s dad had arrived at their small cottage with a bouquet of yellow and red roses, a map, and some string. That evening Blaire and her husband planned out their anniversary vacations for the next few years, imagining what they would do when they reached each port or destination. The map now hung in a frame over their bed.
Kate shook her head to clear her mind. There was no time to reminisce; the man inside needed Kate to help him with the plants that her mother purchased.
“Excuse me,” she called. “Did you take the flowers with you? I don’t see where they are.”
“They’re back here, Miss. I carried them back here since you were taking so long. I’ll be right back up there if you just want to wait,” he added, talking loudly enough this time so that Kate could hear him clearly.
Kate waited in the kitchen for a couple minutes but grew impatient. The sun was waiting for her, and she wouldn’t allow it to wait so long. She assumed that the man was watering the ten arrangements her parents had in their bedroom and headed that way, deciding that it was better to meet him than wait.
She walked into the room but the man wasn’t there. Instead, she saw the beautiful arrangements of lilacs and lavender; the purple of the flowers stood out against the aqua bedspread and ivory pillows. The dark wooden canopy bed dominated the room; the familiar, worn map hung above it, a symbol of hopes and dreams. This man was too big to hide in here without being seen, and Kate turned around, ready to wait outside for the big lug, when she bumped into him. His muscles were solid and very large, much larger than they appeared before. Kate imagined that he was scary if you angered him, and she felt a twinge of sadness for the person that would do such a thing. 
“Goodness,” she breathed. “You startled me for a second.”
“I startled you?” he asked. His voice was laced with concern, but grew oddly serious when he made his next statement. “I meant to scare you.”
Kate stumbled further into her parent’s bedroom, and inadvertently forced herself to sit down when the backs of her knees came in contact with the side of the bed. Was this man a demon? Why did he want to hurt her? Did he want to possess Kate? Then the worst question: Was this man an elder demon? These thoughts flew through Kate’s mind in a second. Her heart began pounding involuntarily, a hammer knocking against her chest. She clutched the ends of the blankets, pulling herself away from this monster, this demon. Why hadn’t she listened to Rico? He was, after all, much smarter than Kate when it came to this stuff.
Kate’s thoughts centered on Rico, on how he saved her the night of the second attack. Had it really been three attacks already? She found herself whispering his name, begging him to come rescue her again.
The man stepped forward, holding out his arms, his hands reaching for Kate. His callused hands were large; long fingernails protruded from the ends of thick fingers. Kate found herself shuddering, her lips quivering. The man sneered – an evil, yet excited, emotion. 
Kate’s mouth was dry; her pleas helplessly tumbled out in rapid whispers that she barely heard herself. She was crying, truly afraid for the first time in her life. 
The man ignored her fear and began reciting something:

“I beg of you, my soul, to grant thy one request.
Let thee share thou pleasure.
Allow thee wishes met.
Thou warmth concedes – blend fire and ice.
Then give to thee, eternal life.” 

Kate stared at the man, shocked that he would attempt to possess her right now. It was broad daylight and there was a witness. She shuddered at the thought that the gardener didn’t know or care. Rico might have been wrong about the gardener, and fresh tears fell to the aqua blankets as Kate lost hope. 
Kate shook her head quickly, tearing herself from her thoughts, knowing that she needed to take some sort of action before it was too late. Now was not the time to break down; Kate had to fight her way out of this. 
The man was still walking toward Kate, his hands reaching for her face. Kate crawled backward, slowly, so that she didn’t tumble off the bed. She kept licking her lips, preparing herself for a shrill scream, hoping that someone would hear her. All the while, Kate’s eyes darted around the room, looking for anything that could be used as a weapon. There was nothing in this room except flowers and furniture. Kate cursed at her mother’s lousy attempt at decorating; at least Donovan had purchased something with stability and structure. Kate could never disarm a demon with a flower pot.
When Kate reached the end of the bed, she pushed herself off so that she landed on her feet. She knew she was fast, probably faster than her attacker, and she glanced at the sliding glass door that led to the deck, hoping that it wasn’t locked. She glanced back at the man for a moment; he was crawling across the bed toward Kate. This was her only chance. She knew that it would take the man a moment or two longer to get off the bed. She knew that was all she needed to push open the door and dash outside.
Kate counted to three, waiting until all four of the man’s limbs were touching the mattress. On three she ran, unlocking and pushing open the heavy door in one lithe movement. Her leg crossed the threshold, and Kate pushed harder.
Somehow, the man was faster than Kate. His strong hand grabbed Kate’s wrist before she made it completely outside. He pulled Kate back in, but this time she was kicking and screaming. She managed to shout Rico’s name more than once before the man pushed her onto the bed and smothered her with a pillow. She choked on the lack of oxygen, sure that she would pass out at any moment. Once again, Blaire was ruining Kate’s life; Blaire’s insistence to lock every door and window might save the family from people that tried to break in, but it hindered those that wanted to break out.
The man began the incantation again. When he finished he placed his hands on either side of Kate’s face; his thumbs were placed firmly on her temples. He looked into her eyes and Kate noticed absently that his were a dull, muddy brown. She felt herself captivated by this man’s words, by his eyes, and drifted off into another dimension.

Kate walked along the beach with Rico, his warm hand in hers. She saw herself surrounded by people that admired her, people that wanted to be her friends. She saw her mother and father next to her, the three of them riding bikes through a lightly wooded area. She saw the world crumbling in the flames of evil.

“Kate. Kate, wake up. Come on, Kate. Kate!” 
Kate was jolted out of her vision. Rico was shaking her shoulders violently. He stood over her, blocking out the sun. Where was she?
Kate sat up quickly. Stars spun around her head. Rico put his arm around her, supporting her as she stood up. She was at Adriana’s mansion again. How did she get there? Was that the sunset? What time was it?
When Kate was balanced she felt Rico’s strong hands on her face, forcing her to look into his eyes. His normally sparkling cobalt eyes were stormy. 
“Do you remember what happened, Kate?” he asked. His voice sounded concerned.
Kate shook her head automatically but winced when pieces of the puzzle came back to her; she stopped for a moment then nodded.
“Can you tell me exactly what happened?” he asked calmly, carefully.
Kate nodded and began to tell him about the demon man that tricked her into walking into her house.
“It’s worse than I thought,” Rico said, more to himself than to Kate. He sat back then and poured Kate a glass of sweet tea. She drank it quickly and he poured her some more. She could tell that he was thinking, mulling something over in his mind, so she left him alone as long as she could.
“What happened?” Kate asked him. She couldn’t hold her burning questions in any longer. She had to know. 
“I heard you screaming for me. I wasn’t far from your house, just up the street really, and heard you screaming. When I got there the demon was standing over you, saying the Rite for Control. He almost had it, but I walked in, breaking his focus. After that, I got rid of him and brought you here to recover.” He looked down then. “It was almost like you had given up your life to him willingly, Kate.”
“I would never give my life up to him, or to any other demon,” she said angrily.
“You weren’t fighting, though. I’ve seen possessions enough to know that people are capable of fighting. You didn’t.”
Kate sat there for a moment, collecting her thoughts. Had she given up? Had she given herself over to the demon man?
She felt Rico’s hand on her own, comforting her. He was looking at her, searching her face for emotions.
“I don’t know why I didn’t fight,” she admitted. “When he put his hands on my face and started mumbling those words, I felt myself drifting away.”
“He pulled you into an alternate reality?” Rico asked, incredulous. He sat up, pulling his hand away from Kate’s a little too quickly. It was almost as if he forgot it was there. 
Kate watched as Rico stood up and began pacing around the deck. The setting sun touched his raven hair and colors danced around his head like a halo. She watched his muscles flex as he moved and thought about the image she had of the two of them walking along the beach together. 
“What dimension did he pull you in?” he asked. “What did you see when you were gone?” Then more to himself: “I knew you weren’t unconscious because you were exhausted. I knew it had to be something else but the alternate reality didn’t even cross my mind. They must want you badly.”
“I don’t really know what dimension it was,” Kate lied, embarrassed. “I just saw colors and stuff; there were no real images to focus on. I’m sorry,” she added. 
“That’s okay,” he said. He sat down then and ruffled his hair. “I don’t know how I’m supposed to figure out what they want with you if we have no clues, no clues at all. This is absolutely ridiculous. I can’t sit here and save you if I don’t know what they’re after. I don’t know where to start.”
This time Kate leaned over to comfort him. She was too timid to grab his hand so she just placed her own on his shoulder. He lifted his head to look at her and smiled weakly.
“It’s okay,” she said. “We’ll be able to start figuring it out soon.”
“I hope you’re right,” he said, getting up again.
Kate stared at him. Rico would grab her hand but then release it, almost as if he hadn’t realized he grabbed it in the first place. He would hold her face in his hands but then push her away when she tried to touch him. Boys were completely confusing. Did Rico like her or not? Kate blushed at the thought, afraid that Rico would be able to read her mind as easily as he did her emotions.
As Kate watched Rico she let her conscience weigh in on her most recent decisions. She knew that it was wrong not to tell Rico about the end of the dream or the alternate reality showing her what she desired most. She didn’t want Rico, the hero, the good guy, to see her as a monster when she told him about the burning world. She didn’t want to admit that one of the things she wanted most was for them to hold hands for more than thirty seconds. Kate was afraid of how Rico would analyze the situations, the clues as he called them. What could he say about the burning world? He could say that she was sick for wanting it, that she was going to cause such a thing, that she was the catalyst. What could he say about the things she wanted most? He could say that she was pathetic, that he didn’t feel the same way about her, that he was just in this to protect her, and that he would disappear when it all ended. It was wrong of her to keep these to herself but she just couldn’t bring herself to admit any of this to Rico.
Adriana stepped onto the deck a moment later, her long dark hair pulled up into a messy bun; flyaways framed her face, making her look both undone and gorgeous. 
“Well, I’m done cleaning up the mess. Your parents shouldn’t notice anything wrong in your house,” she said.
“Thank you,” Kate said, suddenly realizing that was probably the reason why she was back at Adriana’s in the first place. 
“So, did you two figure out anything while I was gone?” Adriana probed. Her eyes landed on Rico who was still pacing the deck. “Rico, babe, you’ve got to calm down. We can’t figure it all out right now anyway.”
“We know nothing more, Adriana. A strange demon tried to attack her, but Kate can’t remember a thing about being pulled into an alternate reality. She has no other clue to give us,” he said dejectedly. 
“Wait. Back up. Did you just mention an alternate reality?”
“Yes. Remember how she was passed out when I brought her here and we thought it was just exhaustion? Well, she was floating around an alternate reality.”
Adriana looked at Kate, perplexed. “You didn’t see anything while you were there? You were there for a couple hours, Kate.”
Kate shook her head and looked directly into Adriana’s eyes. Wow, she was getting pretty good at this lying thing. “I told Rico that I only remember seeing colors. I didn’t see any actual images or anything.”
Adriana looked at her skeptically then turned to Rico. “Look Rico, I’ve met some people that have traveled to alternate realities. They’ve all seen things. No one has ever mentioned seeing just colors.”
“Kate has no reason to lie to us, Adriana. This thing is happening to her, not us. Why would she lie to us about something so important?”
“Probably for the same reason that she didn’t finish telling you about the dream; she cares too much about what you think.”
Rico turned around, his eyes fiery. “Stop, Adriana. I trust Kate. She wouldn’t lie about the images, and she’s going to tell us about the dream when she’s ready. I can’t force anything out of her. You can’t either,” he added, seeing the glint in Adriana’s eyes. 
Kate just stared at the two of them. Were they honestly going to argue about her, in front of her? She stood up, angry at Adriana for seeing through her, angry at herself for having broken the trust that she and Rico shared.
“I’m going to go back home,” she said. “If you don’t mind, I would prefer further discussions about me to take place when I’m not around. It’s uncomfortable and I know you would want the same courtesy.” Kate stomped down the stairs, headed toward her home, half afraid of what she would find when she got there.
Kate made it to the third house before Adriana caught up to her. 
“I don’t think you should sleep alone tonight,” she said. “It’s too dangerous.” She fell into step with Kate, her eyes searching Kate’s features.
“I know you don’t trust me,” Kate said. 
“Of course, I don’t. But it doesn’t mean that I’m out. I’m still here to protect you, Kate. But you have to know that it’s not going to be easy if we can’t put the pieces together. Your own fate is in your hands right now. You need to decide what you want and what you plan on doing with the knowledge you’ve hidden from us. If you don’t want us to solve the puzzle for you, then you have to be willing to solve it to save yourself.”
Kate looked over at Adriana. She understood what Adriana was saying, and she decided in that moment that she would be the one to figure all this out. She would find out what the demons wanted with her soul, what the burning world was about, and how she would save herself and the people she cared about. 
“So what do you plan on doing if I’m not sleeping alone?” she asked Adriana.
Adriana laughed out loud. “We’re having another sleepover, silly.”

10

Kate’s parents loved Adriana. Then again, considering that Adriana was Kate’s first real girl friend, they had no one to compare her to. The four of them sat around the dinner table, talking about Adriana’s life here, fishing, and marine biology. Adriana knew a lot about the ocean and was able to contribute to the conversation.
After dinner, the girls went upstairs to Kate’s bedroom, stopping along the way to peek inside Blaire and Aaron’s room. Adriana had been right about the house. Everything was back in order. Even the decorative pillows in Kate’s parents’ bedroom had been placed in the same way Blaire did each morning. Kate wasn’t surprised to see it that way; she knew that Adriana and Rico claimed that they were good at their jobs. 
When the girls first entered the room, Adriana moved about, checking the windows and walls. She pushed against the surfaces, making sure that everything was safe. When she finished she sat down on the bed and looked at Kate. 
“I think we need to have a spa and makeover night,” she said. “I’ve been dying to flat iron your hair ever since I met you. Don’t get me wrong, you have perfect bouncy curls that look great on your face shape. Have you ever seen yourself with straight hair though?”
Kate shook her head. 
Adriana stood up and clapped her hands. “Excellent!” she exclaimed. “Let’s start with that. Then I can do your makeup afterward.”
Adriana pushed Kate down into her vanity chair, and rushed to the window. She opened it quickly and whistled to Rico to toss up her supplies and waved before closing the window. Kate spun back around to face the mirror, shaking her head at Adriana.
“What?” Adriana asked. “You know you’re just as excited as I am.”
Adriana set to work then, and Kate watched as she ran the flat iron down the length of her hair, forcing her curls to unwind themselves. Kate was shocked to see that her hair seemed to double in length when straight; it was almost longer than Adriana’s. When Adriana finished, she spun Kate around so fast that Kate didn’t have time to stare at her reflection. She pulled out pastel chalk and waved it in front of Kate’s face, a genuine smile of excitement on her own.
“Do you mind if we color the ends of your hair?” she asked. I think the blues and purples would look amazing with your eye color.” She bent down to get a closer look at Kate’s eyes. “Did you know that your eyes have hints of blue in them? That’s amazing.”
Kate just sat there, agreeing to everything that Adriana suggested. She watched Adriana’s eyes get bigger with each new thing that was added to Kate’s look. When Adriana was finished, Kate was sure that she had copious amounts of makeup plastered to her face. She knew that she had nude fingernails and sky colored toenails, with a sun painted on her big toe. She knew that she had blue and purple streaks on the ends of her hair, but she didn’t know how it all looked as a whole. She grew nervous and excited at the same time, eager yet afraid to glance at her new reflection.
“Are you ready?” Adriana asked some time later.
Kate took a deep breath and then nodded. Adriana spun Kate around slowly so that she could take it all in. 
Kate leaned toward the mirror, not certain if she was looking at herself. Her eyes looked twice the size that they normally did, her lashes long and thick. The navy eyeliner brought out the flecks of blue in her eyes; they shimmered like glitter and confetti. Kate’s hair was long and thick, and slightly curled at the ends. It fell around her waist, the highlighted ends accentuating her slight curves. Kate was beautiful. She had heard people say this before, that she had a natural beauty, but she had not seen it until now. She twisted and turned in the mirror, taking it all in with a small smile that broke across her face.
“Do you like it?” Adriana asked seriously. Her reflection looked over Kate, her eyes wide and waiting for an answer. Her hands were clasped in front of her and she twisted them.
Kate turned around to face her new friend. “I love it,” she said, rushing forward to embrace Adriana. Adriana smiled, pleased, but pulled away quickly. Kate felt a jolt of surprise.
“What about I make you over too,” she suggested, changing the subject.
 “I think that’s a wonderful idea, Kate.” Adriana sat down in the stool, and Kate picked up the flat iron, and idea forming in her mind.
When Adriana turned around a while later, she stared at her reflection. Her dark hair tumbled around her shoulders in beautiful curls. Her eyes were free of makeup, her cheeks rosy, her lips a pale pink.
She turned toward Kate. “I look like you,” she whispered. Her eyes shimmered for a moment before she turned around and shuffled through her bag. A moment later she held an expensive looking camera in her hands. “Let’s capture this moment,” she said as she blinked several times in an attempt to stop the tears from falling. She ended up laughing at herself, and Kate pulled the camera from her, taking the first picture of the night.
Later, after the girls were finished with their miniature photo shoot, Adriana and Kate climbed into bed and talked about normal girl things, not demons or dreams or lies. Kate was truly happy, because, for the first time, she had a real friend.
“So tell me about love,” Kate said right before the girls fell asleep.
Adriana rolled over so that she faced Kate and propped herself up on her elbow. “Love is absolutely beautiful,” she said wistfully. “It’s almost like waking up to a surprise or falling asleep after a wonderful day. It’s perfectly imperfect; you are entranced by him one minute but hate him the next. In the end, you wind up kissing for the rest of the night, making up for the minutes you spent arguing.” Adriana looked up at the ceiling, daydreaming.
“It does sound beautiful,” Kate mused. 
“You’ll find it, Kate. I know you will,” Adriana responded.
“I hope so,” Kate whispered to herself when she rolled over. Although she closed her eyes, her thoughts swirled around their discussion. She craved love, and felt a twinge of regret for demons, creatures plagued by hate that craved the same feelings that she could one day reach. She wondered, briefly, what it would be like knowing that you could never truly fall in love with someone.

Kate and Adriana lounged on the beach the next day, spending as much time as they could on the hot sand in order to preserve their makeovers. After lunch they found themselves craving the ocean waves and jumped in, Kate’s curls delighted at the chance to spring back where they belonged, Adriana’s curls falling back around her waist. 
“I can’t believe you get to spend every day out here just lying around and reading,” Adriana commented as they walked back up to their beach chairs. “You’re lucky that you can spend your summer like that. Your life is so easy.”
“I guess,” Kate said. “It’s easy as long as you don’t count the multitude of demons that are coming after me, trying to possess my soul and whatnot.”
“Sorry, Kate. I guess I forgot for a minute.”
“That’s okay. At least one of us can forget about it, although I must admit that I wish it was me and not you.”
The two girls sat quietly for a moment, thinking about the demons.
“I know that you and Rico have been going around trying to kill this elder demon,” Kate started to say.
“His name is Kern,” Adriana mentioned.
“Well, what else do you do, besides hunt Kern?”
“Rico and I protect the people that he attempts to possess. We do this so that he may die in the process.”
“He hasn’t died, though. What happened to the people that you were trying to save? Did he give up on them because you thwarted his plan? Are they alright now?”
“Kate,” Adriana began.
“What are you two talking about,” interrupted Rico. Kate was surprised by his appearance. Rico seemed to have come from the wind that blew from the ocean. He stood there panting, drenched in saltwater. He was wearing a pair of black swim trunks that hugged his legs. His chest moved in and out with his breathing and his hair clung to his cheekbones, the ends drying already. He looked at Kate through his dark lashes.
“You have something on your cheek,” he said, leaning over to pull it off. His fingers were gentle, and Kate thought that they stayed on her skin a moment too long. Her heart fluttered with a feeling of hope.  
“Thank you,” she breathed.
Adriana stood up suddenly and stretched like a cat, her thin arms reaching toward the sky. “I think I’m going to take another dip. It’s hot out here,” she said. “Why don’t you go ahead and take my chair, Rico.” Kate watched as Adriana skipped down to the water.
“That was nice of her,” Rico said, taking a seat in Adriana’s chair. 
Kate nodded in agreement and took a sip of water to clear her mind.
“So what did you two do last night?” Rico prompted. “Anything I should hear about?”
“Adriana straightened my hair and I curled hers.”
“So you two switched places?”
Kate laughed. “Something like that,” she said.
“I’d like to see that.”
“Adriana took pictures. I bet if you asked she would show them to you.”
“Okay,” Rico said. He stood up then, shouting out to Adriana, asking where her camera was. Kate grew anxious, wondering what Rico would think about her hair.
“You could have just told me the camera was in her bag,” he said teasingly. “She doesn’t mind if I go through her things.” He lifted the camera out of the bag and turned it on, bending over to shield the screen from the sun. He looked through each picture slowly, sometimes zooming in to see it more closely. Kate watched him, growing increasingly more nervous. When Rico was finished with the camera, he put it back in Adriana’s bag. He turned to face Kate, his cobalt eyes roaming her face. He watched her a moment, and then, finally, he spoke.
“You both looked fantastic. It was nice to see Adriana without so much makeup on,” he said. “However, I prefer your hair curly. It suits your personality.”
“I had never seen myself with straight hair before.”
“Don’t get me wrong, Kate. You looked great with straight hair, but you look better when it’s curled.”
“Really?” Kate asked seriously. She knew she was fishing for compliments but none of Rico’s answers so far had clarified the questions she had regarding his feelings for her. “I guess I never thought that I was attractive until I saw myself last night.”
“You mean that you never thought you were attractive because you’ve been comparing yourself to Adriana. That’s the look she likes. Not all people prefer that look.”
“I guess,” Kate said in frustration.
“Kate, I know I’m not going to give you the answer you’re searching for. I’m sorry for that, but it’s my opinion. Can’t you just take something I offer just this once?”
Kate turned to Rico, a flash of anger stirring in her stomach. “What do you mean when you say you aren’t going to give me what I’m searching for? I’m not searching for anything other than the stupid elder demon that’s trying to kill me. And I do take the things you offer. I’m grateful for your help, for the fact that you’ve saved me more than once now. I was just attempting to have a normal conversation with you, but apparently we have the inability to hold one unless we’re arguing or you’re grilling me about clues.”
Kate paused, catching her breath and thoughts. She guessed that her relationship with Rico hadn’t moved forward. They were stuck in an endless tug-of-war match; one where Kate kept pulling Rico closer to her but pushed him away when he got too close. On the other side, it was almost as if Rico was pushing her to push him away with his back-and-forth responses.
“Hey,” Rico said, stopping Kate before she could go on. “I’m not responsible for this mess. I’m just trying to fix it. You don’t have to yell at me for no reason. I’m here to help you. And I’m glad that you’re grateful that I’ve saved your life, but you don’t have to take your fear, anxiety, or insecurities out on me.”
Kate seethed. “My insecurities? I just found out today that this elder demon is named Kern. I was about to find out what you two did to help the other people like me but you interrupted. I could tell from Adriana’s tone that it wasn’t good. I don’t think it’s unreasonable for me to feel insecure right now, especially when it comes to your claim about being good at your jobs. What happened to those people, Rico? What was she afraid to tell me when you walked up here all self-righteous and confident? What was it?”
Rico looked down at the sand, seemingly counting the grains. Kate’s temper dissolved as quickly as it came. She felt guilty for having yelled at Rico; he didn’t deserve it. However, Kate’s pride took priority in this situation, and she felt defensive about Rico’s comment about not being able to give her what she was searching for. Was her crush that obvious? She couldn’t help but stare at his gorgeous body, but she could bet safely that she hadn’t been the first to do so. What was with her? Rico could make her feel safe, nervous, and angry all at once. She didn’t think it was healthy for a person to feel so many emotions.
“The other people didn’t make it, Kate. We tried but Kern was successful in possessing their bodies. You, however, have escaped twice from other demons. I don’t know if Kern sent them here, or if they’ve come of their own accord, but I do know that you’ve managed to slip from their clutches more than once. I think that luck is on our side this time.”
“The other people died? You think I’m lucky?” Kate sputtered these questions, losing all rational thought.
“They didn’t die, Kate. They were possessed and lived with Kern in their bodies until he was ready to find another host. I didn’t want you to find this out now because I didn’t want to scare you. I’m sorry that you’ve found out.”
“I would live with Kern inside me? Trying to take control of my body?” Kate’s voice was barely a whisper, her words coming out in gasps as she took all of this new information and processed it. She couldn’t live with another being inside of her body. She couldn’t live the remainder of her short, yet seemingly long life, sharing it with an evil and crazy demon. Kate wasn’t strong enough.
Rico stood up and moved so that he was squatting in front of her. “Look at me, Kate. Look at me,” he said.
Kate looked up at him and fresh tears fell from her eyes. She couldn’t help it this time. She couldn’t pretend to be strong, knowing that they had failed each time before. She should have known, though. Rico had told her that a demon died if he failed to possess a human. The knowledge that Kern was still alive should have clued her in on his past.
“You need him to possess me,” she said as she looked into Rico’s eyes. “You want him to possess me because you need to expel him.” She knew she was right; she didn’t need Rico’s confirmation but she wanted it.
“Yes,” he said, unable to hold back the truth from her any longer. 
Fresh tears tumbled down her cheeks, racing to touch the warm sand. Kate’s breathing came in gasps now, and she feared she would hyperventilate. Her hands gripped the armrests, her knuckles white.
Rico put his hands on Kate’s, gripping hers, willing her to come back to him. He watched as Kate stared through him, her heartbeat increasing wildly. He moved his hands to her face, trying to get her eyes to focus on him. That didn’t work. He tried talking to her, whispering words meant to soothe, but that didn’t work either. Rico tried gently shaking her shoulders. That failed too. He sat back for a moment, not knowing what to do to comfort Kate, upset that he couldn’t save her from this. A spark of an idea flashed through his mind and he wrapped his arms around Kate, picking her up. He ran towards the ocean, her sweaty palms clinging to his neck. When he reached the water Adriana rushed toward them.
“What’s going on?” she asked.
“I had to tell her about the others, Adriana. You started to tell her, and like always, she had to know the entire story.” He shot Adriana a look that sent her stepping backward.
“Look, Rico. You can’t hold her for much longer. You need to put her down.” Adriana reached out, pulled Rico’s fingers loose, and took Kate from him. She sat down in the water with Kate on her lap and moved quickly so that Kate was sitting in the sand next to her, but not quite touching her. She pushed Kate’s damp curls from her face and splashed her gently with water until Kate came back.
Kate finally blinked and focused on Adriana. She turned to face Rico who was still standing. He was breathing heavily, not looking at her on purpose. Kate bit her lip, afraid that she would begin crying again. 
“Honey, he’s upset that he caused this,” Adriana purred. Kate watched as Adriana glanced up at Rico; a look of utter contempt crossed her features. Kate wondered why Adriana was mad at Rico when she, herself, was about to tell Kate the truth.
Rico ignored Adriana and began walking back up to the chairs. He stopped halfway and turned toward Adriana’s house. He broke out into a jog, and Kate watched as his figure grew smaller with each step.
Kate turned and faced Adriana once more. “Why me?” she asked.
Adriana sighed. “That’s what we’re trying to figure out, honey. That’s why we’re here,” she said. “We want to know just as much as you do.”

11

Kate woke at dawn the next day, surprised that she was able to fall asleep for a few hours. She stepped outside and sat on the porch while she ate a bowl of cereal. After hanging out with Rico and Adriana for the past couple days, finding out stressful news and getting attacked by strange demons, Kate was happy to be alone. 
She spent the first part of the morning laying the pieces out on the table. She grabbed a notebook and scribbled down the things that she wanted to figure out, the things that she wanted to put together. First, why did the elder demon want her soul? Second, was she willing to sacrifice her soul to kill him like Rico and Adriana wanted? Kate had no idea what Kern wanted with her, but she had the sneaking suspicion that it wasn’t just because she was a young, healthy human. When she began to think about whether she wanted to sacrifice her body and soul, her heart stopped. She knew deep down that she wasn’t brave enough to do that; she knew that if Rico and Adriana were relying on her, they would have to hold her down.
Kate shuddered at the thought, remembering a time that she was held down at the doctor’s when receiving a shot. The feeling of being completely and utterly helpless had been one of the worst experiences of her short life. 
Next on the list of things Kate needed to figure out: Who was that random demon that had come to attack her? Why did he want her? Was it for the same reason that Kern wanted her? And was she really that important? Kate didn’t think she was that important, but the idea that another demon was after her made her think twice about it. She knew that she needed to talk to the gardener. She needed to find out what he knew about the second demon, and she needed to find this out before she asked herself any more questions. 
Kate rose from her spot and walked inside to grab the phone. She found it resting on the counter in the kitchen, near the refrigerator. Kate picked it up and noticed a small slip of paper attached to the side of the fridge with a magnet. It was the number for the gardener, with his name handwritten below it. How convenient. Kate dialed the number. It rang twice before a woman’s voice picked up.
“Hello?” said the loud voice of an older, southern woman.
Kate cleared her throat before replying. She wasn’t surprised when she heard her voice shake. “Excuse me, my name is Kaitlin Warren. I’m located at 403 Driftwood Avenue. I have a question about a plant that is located in my front yard, and wanted to know if I could speak with Mr. Alan Evans, please.”
Kate was put on hold, and waited patiently, drumming her fingers against the dark granite countertop. Vivaldi’s Summer played on the line as she waited, and she wondered if they changed the song with the season.
“Hello, this is Alan Evans,” the older man said in his southern drawl. 
“Hi, Mr. Evans. How are you today?” Kate thought it would be best to start a casual conversation first.
“I’m doing fine today, Miss. Thank you for asking. My wife, here, tells me that you have a question about o’ plant a yours. I’m not far from where you are. Do you mind if I stop by and take care of the plant you’re wondering about? I’d rather not let my customers take care of their own plants; they tend to kill them if I let them. You know what I mean?” he chuckled.
Kate made herself laugh with him, then said, “I don’t mind if you come over Mr. Evans. In fact, I think that would be best. I don’t think I could figure it out on my own anyway.”
After the conversation ended, Kate hung up and waited. She leaned on the counter, alternating between drumming her fingers against the hard surface and blowing her curls from her face. 
When Mr. Evans arrived, ten minutes later, he shuffled around the back where Kate was seated. In Kate’s mind, she had it all figured out. She would offer the man a cool glass of sweet tea and a few cookies. Once she got him relaxed and comfortable, she would begin asking him questions. Good cop, bad cop style interrogation; well, mostly good cop.
“Miss, I checked the plants in the front and this side of the house. Does it happen to be on the other side over there?” he asked, pointing somewhere behind Kate.
“Yes,” Kate said guiltily. She watched as he began to shuffle past her. He wore navy slacks today and paired them with a white button down. He moved more slowly today, almost as if he was exhausted. His hair stuck up in different directions, although Kate could tell that he had attempted to make it presentable.
“Excuse me,” she called and watched as Mr. Evans stopped to turn toward her. He stood at the bottom of the stairs now. “Since you came all this way I grabbed some sweet tea and cookies. I’m sorry for inconveniencing you, so I thought it would be nice to share a snack.”
Mr. Evans looked at her for a moment, slightly confused. “I thought you wanted me to take care o’ the plant then get out of your hair. I hate bothering you when you’ve got your boyfriend over. I remember young love,” he said, winking.
Kate blushed. “He’s not here right now, and like I said before, I feel terrible about having to call you out here when you don’t have to be here. I would love it if you shared some of these cookies with me.” Kate batted her eyelashes and bit into one of the soft cookies.
“Well, I guess it wouldn’t hurt,” Mr. Evans said. He placed a gnarled hand on the banister and pulled himself up the staircase. His movements were slow and deliberate, almost as if he was afraid of making a misstep. 
“You can sit here next to me,” Kate said. She gestured to a wooden rocking chair positioned on the other side of a small table.
The man shuffled over and sat in the chair. He rocked back and forth and hummed a quiet tune. Kate poured him a glass of sweet tea and they sat in companionable silence.
“You know, this has always been my favorite house to garden. The range of exotic flowers in this garden is exquisite. I love the arrangement with the Birds of Paradise, Lilacs, and Lilies of the Valley. The color scheme is unique.”
“I love the flowers here too,” Kate said kindly. 
“How long will you be staying in Mr. Kern’s house?” 
Kate spat her sweet tea across the deck. She spent the next five minutes coughing and hyperventilating, the old man stooping over her, patting her back. When Kate was calmer, Mr. Evans sat back down, and gulped a large amount of tea. He watched her as she reached for more as well, nervous that she would have another fit.
“I’m sorry about that,” she said weakly. “It must have gone down the wrong tube. I apologize for scaring you.”
“That’s alright, Miss. I’m just glad you’re okay. Besides, you must have scared yourself more than you scared me, what with all that hyperventilating and stuff.” He looked at her closely. “Are you sure you’re okay?” he asked her. 
Kate nodded. “I’m fine. You’re right. I just scared myself.”
Mr. Evans nodded, took a cookie, and bit into the crunchy outside. The middle of the cookie was soft and the chocolate chips were still warm. His eyebrows raised in delight as he chewed.
“So you aren’t from around here, are you?” he asked, trying to strike up another conversation.
“No, my mom’s a marine biologist. She studies a lot so we move around a lot. We probably won’t be here much longer.”
“Ah, that’s too bad. Mr. Kern likes to have long term residents.”
I’m sure he does, Kate thought.
“You know, today is a beautiful day. You should be out there learning how to surf,” he said conversationally.
“Where’s the man that you brought over here the last time? Does he always help you with your houses?” Kate decided it was time to get some answers. This man was familiar with Kern, and she wanted to know if he knew what was going on. 
“What man?” Mr. Evans asked. “I always work alone.”
“You brought a man over here last time. He was tall with big muscles and a shaved head. He helped you with the inside and did most of the outside plants when you were here.”
Mr. Evans scratched his head in thought. “No, I don’t remember bringing anyone over here last time. You must be thinking of something else, Miss.”
“No, I’m certain I’m thinking of the right thing. You honestly don’t remember?” 
“I remember being here, all right, but I wasn’t here with anyone helping me. I would remember if somebody came with me because I always do the gardens by myself.”
Kate growled in aggravation.
“I’m sorry I can’t help you out, Miss. It seems to me that your boyfriend would hang out with a person of that sort. I only hang out with people my own age.”
“That’s okay,” Kate said at last. She knew that if she continued from this angle she would lose any chance she had of gaining any knowledge.
“So tell me about Mr. Kern,” she said instead. “I’ve never met him.”
“I’ve never met him either,” Mr. Evans said honestly. “I just know that his residents stay for quite a while. Usually about five years or so.”
“When did the person before us move out?”
“The day before you arrived, Miss.”
Kate nodded, her suspicions confirmed. Kern had ensured that someone was ready to move into the house when he was finished with the last body. Now Kate just had to figure out whether she was the lucky duck or whether she and her family were chosen to live here.
Suddenly finished with Mr. Evans, Kate gulped down the rest of her sweet tea. She stood up and stretched, faking a yawn. She didn’t want to seem rude.
“Man, I’m tired. I think I’m going to go take a catnap. It was nice talking to you, Mr. Evans. I hope to see you around sometime.”
Kate dashed down the stairs before Mr. Evans could say anything and ran to the side of the house. “I’ll show you where the plant is before I go inside,” she called, before she disappeared around the corner. Kate hurriedly trampled one of the plants, apologizing to it before she did so, feeling guilty once again. Gosh, this detective stuff was hard work. 
Mr. Evans shuffled around the side of the house just as she finished planting the evidence. There was a deep intake of breath as Mr. Evans saw the pathetic plant. It hung over, almost appearing as if it was clutching its stomach in pain. Mr. Evans gently picked the plant up and looked at Kate. 
“When did you find this?” he asked her.
“I found it like this right before I called you,” she answered. “I don’t know how long it was like that, though. It could have been like that all day, or even longer than that.”
“Mhmm. That’s surprising,” he said.
“How so?” she retorted.
“Well, this is the only plant that was damaged. No child on a bicycle drove through here. The other plants would have been damaged as well. No, someone targeted this plant. You can tell because it was stepped on.” He lifted the plant up then pushed it back to the ground. “Someone stomped on it quite a bit, probably in a fit of rage.” He looked at Kate then and crossed his arms. Then he looked down at her bare feet. 
Kate’s eyes followed his. A petal from the flower was attached to the bottom of her left foot, along with part of the stem that had been torn off. She looked up at the gardener.
“Why did you do this?” he accused.
“I didn’t do this! I found it like this. I swear.” She knew that she was just digging herself deeper but she didn’t know what else to say. 
“Sweetheart, I know that your parents aren’t here as often as you like, but there’s no reason to lash out at innocent plants. If you were lonely and wanted to have a nice chat and a cup of tea, all you had to do was ask.” He bent low over the plant, inspecting it further. He stood up a moment later and rubbed his hands across his navy pants.
“I’m going to have to find another one, honey. The poor thing’s going to die soon.” He turned away from her then, shuffling back the way they had come. She stood there for a while, first listening to his vehicle start up, and then furiously trying to get the plant to stand up on its own. She stopped after about two minutes of this, giving up.
Kate stomped back onto the deck and grabbed her notebook, jotting down her additional question: Was she brought here on purpose or was it random?
Kate allowed her thoughts to roam over her past experiences, bringing them together, searching for connections. One connection stood out in her mind. She dreamt about the burning world, and then saw it again in her alternate reality. She sat up suddenly as two thoughts clicked together, bringing with them yet another question: If Kate got the things she wanted most, would the world burn?

Kate woke up from a nap later that evening. The shadows crawled across her bedroom, indicating that she had slept for quite a while. She had gone upstairs to lie down after her last circle of questions gave her a headache. Miserably, she lay there for an hour, trying, unsuccessfully, to stop thinking about Kern and what he wanted with her. More than once, Kate thought that she should tell Adriana and Rico, that they would be able to answer her questions. She dismissed that thought quickly, though, determined to be the one to answer their burning questions. After tossing and turning, Kate had finally fallen into a fitful sleep, her mind at ease for once since her new knowledge of Kern.
Now that Kate had woken back up, a hundred questions burned her thoughts. How did Adriana and Rico know so much about demons? Was Adriana’s mother possessed by one? And what about Rico? What was his story? Kate thought that Rico didn’t have parents. She also thought that he lived at Adriana’s house. The room that he had been in the night that Kate attacked him must have been his bedroom. He had been undressing, and he and Adriana denied a relationship, so he must be living there with Adriana and Donovan. They wouldn’t have known each other as well as they did if he didn’t. 
For a while, Kate had even considered the possibility that they were related. She dismissed it quickly, though. For one, Rico’s features were angular; he had a strong jaw and prominent cheekbones. Adriana, however, had much softer features: a small nose, rounder cheeks. It was almost as if they were complete opposites, except for their eerily similar raven hair. It wasn’t just their contrasting features, though. Rico and Adriana didn’t talk to each other like brother and sister. Adriana sometimes called Rico nicknames - like babe - and sisters never said a thing like that to their brothers.
Kate was left with the things she knew: One, Kern was coming after her. Two, other demons were after Kate too, possibly for the same reason. Three, Kate really didn’t know that much about Adriana and Rico. Four, she was terrified of the possibility that she would have to sacrifice her soul.

12

The next few days were uneventful. Kate hung out inside, jotting down additional thoughts or questions in her notebook, but came up with nothing new. When she wasn’t contemplating her unfortunate fate, she was daydreaming about Rico, missing his presence. And when she was doing neither of those things, she read or watched television. 
Kate discovered on the fourth day of being alone, that it was lonely. She couldn’t understand how she had been able to live before Adriana and Rico happened. She began to miss them intensely, and got dressed that morning, ready to knock on Adriana’s front door.
Later, Kate walked out of the house, wearing a navy sundress, yellow flip flops, and her father’s fedora. She strolled up the road, glancing at the houses as she walked by, absorbing their colors and details. The house next door to hers had a wide front porch, columns, and a bright red door. Another one, on the other side of the street, was dark. It was painted a dusty green that had faded in the areas not hidden by the shadow of the large oak in the front yard. 
Kate passed by a dilapidated looking house. The shutters were falling off the front, and the dead grass was covered in soda cans. She paused for a moment and watched an older man picking the cans up. He was tall and wore a striped suit, his hair graying in some areas. A sign in the front yard stated that the house was sold, and Kate wondered why this man would want to purchase the house. It would have to be torn down and rebuilt. 
The man turned around, noticing Kate. She offered a friendly smile and waved before she began to walk again. 
“Do you live around here?” the man called to her. His voice was deep and rough with use, almost as if he was losing it from talking too much. 
Kate stopped and turned around to face him. He was clearly a professional. He was a tall, well-built man that looked like he swam in the ocean every day. His eyes were a clear, pale blue that looked almost white and he had a friendly smile that reached them, making them crinkle at the edges.
“I moved in about three weeks ago,” Kate said. “It’s nice around here. I’m sure you’ll like it. Are you planning on moving in there or are you going to rent it out?”
“I think I’ll live in it until I settle in somewhere else,” he replied. “After that I may rent it out or sell it.”
“Are you going to live in it while you fix it up?” Kate asked, curious.
The man looked back at the house before answering Kate’s question. “I think I’ll be all right. I’m pretty sturdy, and as long as the house holds up, I’ll hold up too.” He smiled then and winked. 
Kate matched his smile with her own and waved goodbye to the man. Whistling, she trudged along, prepared to see her friends.
Adriana’s house was as grand as Kate remembered it. As she walked to the front door she realized that another car sat out front, this one a silver Mercedes SLS AMG. Kate assumed that this was Donovan’s vehicle and marveled at the family’s expensive taste.
Kate reached the door and was about to knock when it opened; Adriana was standing there, holding her father’s hand. She dropped it immediately but Kate had seen everything she needed to see.
“Bye, Dad,” Adriana said, kissing Donovan’s cheek. 
Donovan walked by and waved at Kate before getting into the Mercedes. Kate stayed outside until the Mercedes disappeared around the corner. When she stepped inside the foyer she turned on Adriana.
“What was that?” she asked.
“What was what, Kate? You might not be close to either of your parents but I’m at least close to my only one when he’s around.”
“Adriana, you were holding your father’s hand. That’s not normal. It’s also not normal that he looks like he’s twenty-five.”
“Kate, your mother doesn’t look very old. In all honesty, she looks like she could be your big sister. Also, the way your parents act, like they’ve still got butterflies, doesn’t help your case. My dad’s young at heart too.”
Kate stared at Adriana. She decided in that moment that she would not ask her any questions. Kate might have been keeping stuff from Adriana but she had never lied to her about something so trivial. She turned and moved into the living room, leaving Adriana standing there, trying to prove her point.
“Don’t walk away from me, Kate,” Adriana shouted after her. Kate could hear her footsteps in the hall.
“I don’t want to hear your lies Adriana. I know for a fact that man isn’t your father. First, he looks nothing like you. Second, you didn’t hold hands like father and daughter; your fingers were laced together. I may not have ever been in love, Adriana, but I’ve seen enough movies to know that you lace your fingers with the person you’re dating; you don’t do that with your dad or your mom.”
“You don’t know anything,” Adriana spat. “You think that you’re doing yourself a favor by keeping things hidden from us. You think that you’re protecting yourself by keeping those things. What makes you think that we don’t do the same thing? You can’t be hypocritical about things like that.” 
Kate looked at Adriana, seeing the truth in her statement. “I understand,” she said honestly, truthfully. 
“It’s okay.” Adriana moved into the room, walking slowly toward Kate. She pulled Kate into a quick, fierce hug.
Just like that, the argument between Kate and Adriana was finished. Kate wondered, briefly, if that was how arguments always ended between friends. Was it really as easy as apologizing or agreeing? Could she have ended the arguments with Rico in this manner? Kate’s anger dissolved with her thoughts, and she could see Adriana’s frustration fade as well. 
Adriana sat on the couch then and prompted Kate to do the same. Today she was wearing black slacks that stopped right above her ankle; they were fitted all the way down her legs, but not so tight as to appear inappropriate. Her dark blouse was tucked into the pants; a flower adorned the collar and stood out against Adriana’s creamy skin. She wore her hair in a simple braid that cascaded over one shoulder.
“How’ve you been?” she asked Kate.
“Not bad,” Kate answered.
“Have you been able to sleep much, if at all? I’m sorry that we haven’t had any more sleepovers. Rico and I have been pretty busy solving some stuff concerning you and your soul.”
“I’ve been able to sleep some,” Kate admitted. She lowered her eyes, conscious of the huge amounts of makeup she caked on this morning to hide the dark circles that were forming.
“Aren’t you going to ask about what we’ve found, Kate? You’re usually so eager to find out more information. Are you sure you’re all right, babe?”
Kate looked into Adriana’s black eyes. “I’m fine,” she said, trying to convince both of them at the same time.
Adriana stared at Kate. She stood up suddenly and disappeared into the kitchen. She returned five minutes later with two steaming cups of peppermint tea.
“I put a little bit of sugar in yours,” she said when she put it down on the table in front of Kate. “I hope you like it. It’ll make you feel better too.”
Kate took a sip of the hot liquid and shivered. Adriana arched an eyebrow but said nothing to her. They sat in companionable silence while they drank.
Adriana set her cup down when she finished and straightened out the slight wrinkles in her slacks. She sat there, waiting patiently for Kate to ask her questions about what happened over the four days they hadn’t spoken.
“So what did you learn?” Kate asked after putting her cup down. Adriana had been right about the tea. Kate felt much better.
“Well,” Adriana said, leaning forward and twisting her braid in her fingers. “Rico and I have been busy finding answers to some of the questions that we’ve been asking. First, we’ve found out some information about the man that attacked you the other day. His name is Cole, and he was working separately from Kern. However, he found out that Kern wanted your soul, so he sort of wanted to go get it first. You see, Cole and Kern are apparently angry at each other. Our source said that Cole used to work for Kern but was betrayed. We don’t know what Kern did or why he did it, but we do know that Cole will probably come back for you. He’s seeking revenge and thinks that this is the best way to pay Kern back.”
Kate blinked, trying to grasp this information. Well, at least Cole and Kern weren’t fighting over Kate’s soul because of some unknown reason. Maybe coming over to Adriana’s was a good thing after all; Kate already answered one question on her growing list. 
“Is Cole an elder demon too?” Kate asked.
Adriana smiled. “He’s not,” she said, a bigger smile spreading across her beautiful face. “That was the second piece of information we found, and believe me, it’s big news.”
“I guess,” Kate said, shivering.
“What, honey?” Adriana pressed.
“It’s just that it was so easy for him to pull me into the alternate reality. Won’t it be easy for him to do that again?”
Once again, Adriana smiled. This time she shook her head. “I’ve spoken to people who know a lot about alternate realities. I know how you can fight Cole if he gets to you again. Rico went out to look for him; I went around asking the questions. Rico just came back this morning, and he’s been sleeping ever since. If I know Rico, Cole won’t be coming back for a long time.”
“Well, what do I do to fight Cole if he does come back?” Kate asked, intrigued.
“What you need to do, Kate, is find something that ties you to this world. What is it that you live for? What is your center of gravity? After you find what it is that will hold you to this planet, you must take a piece of it and keep it with you at all times. As long as the piece is with you, you are safe from Cole or any other demon that tries to disarm you by taking you to an alternate universe.”
“That doesn’t seem so bad,” Kate said.
“It’s not as easy as you think,” Adriana said slowly. “A lot of people aren’t honest with themselves. They don’t know what it is that holds them to this world. The man I talked to said that most people think that they have the right talisman, but find out that they were wrong after they are successfully taken to an alternate reality.”
“Okay. I’ll make sure that I really think about it. I’ve got to get it right, though. If not, I’m afraid that Cole will take my soul before we find out what Kern wants with it.”
“Rico won’t let that happen,” Adriana said with a grin.

Adriana and Kate spent the rest of the afternoon bonding over nail polish and comedy movies. Kate’s fingernails were coral with turquoise stripes; Adriana’s were fire engine red with cream tribal print. Kate noticed that Adriana’s nails were her outlet for color, and she liked knowing that little quirk about her friend.
As the evening light began to fade, Rico stumbled down the stairs. His hair was messy and stuck up in some places. He wore low slung jeans and a thin white t-shirt that showed the very bottom of his stomach when he stretched. Kate watched him push his hair out of his eyes, not realizing until now how big of a crush she had on him.
“Hey, Sleepyhead,” Adriana called.
Rico looked up, noticing the girls for the first time. He ruffled his hair and pulled his shirt down, aware of his appearance. 
“Good morning, Adriana, Kate,” he said before collapsing onto the couch.
“I went ahead and told Kate what I wasn’t able to tell you this morning because you looked like a zombie,” Adriana claimed. She went ahead and let Rico in on the good news. “All she has to do now is find a talisman.”
“Do you know what you need to look for?” Rico asked, turning to Kate. 
“Not really. I’m going to start thinking about it tomorrow. Adriana said that you did something about Cole. What did you do? How long do you think he’ll be gone?”
“I basically sent him on a wild goose chase.”
Adriana stared at him like he was stupid.
“He didn’t take well to requests or threats so I had to throw a bone. I clued him in on an old victim of Kern’s, one that he gave up on a long time ago. The man is probably dead by now but I didn’t let Cole know that. If the man happens to be alive, though, he’s around ninety-five and won’t be of much use to Cole now.”
“How do you know that’s going to work, Rico?” Adriana asked skeptically.
Rico shrugged. “I don’t know if it’ll work but I had to try something. It was the only thing he bit on to. He was drunk with the idea that he would be able to possess someone that Kern was never able to. The thought of being stronger than Kern, of being more powerful than he is, intoxicated him. Look, I don’t know how long he’ll be gone but it’ll be long enough for Kate to find her talisman.”
“I sure hope so Rico,” Adriana said.
“I think the plan will work,” Kate said, piping in.
Rico looked at her and smiled. 
Adriana rolled her dark eyes. 
Kate watched as Rico stood up and stretched. He began to walk toward the kitchen but then stopped, turning around to face the girls.
“I was going to make coffee but I think I want to go out and get some. Do you want to come with me?” 
“Sure,” Kate said.
Adriana stretched this time. “I think I’m going to go take a bubble bath. I didn’t sleep all day like you did Rico. Why don’t you two go out and have some fun?” Adriana stood up and headed up to her bedroom. Kate heard the door close before Rico spoke.
“Do you still want to grab some coffee with me?” he asked. “You don’t have to if you don’t want to. I don’t want you to feel pressured since Adriana won’t be there.”
“That’s okay,” Kate replied. “I’m not afraid to be alone with you if that’s what you’re hinting at.” Kate got up and headed for the foyer, her navy sundress swirling around her legs. She waited for Rico when she reached the door, unsure of how they would get there.

13

Rico walked up to the red Ferrari when they got outside and opened the passenger side door for Kate. She got inside, feeling the cool leather against her legs. The interior still smelled new, and Kate wondered if it was new or if the owner took excellent care of it.
“Is this Donovan’s?” she asked.
Rico looked at her like she was crazy. “This is my car,” he said. 
“How is this your car? Who bought this for you?”
“I saved up for it. It took me a while.”
“What do you mean it took you a while? You had to wait until you were eighteen to get your trust fund?”
Rico laughed. “Something like that,” he said to Kate before speeding off.
The coffee shop was a tiny place that sat on a boardwalk near the water. It was built out of a mixture of old wood and driftwood. A string of Christmas lights hung around the roof and wrapped around the supporting beams. There were four stools that stood in front of a wide counter that was rough, with splinters of wood sticking out. Kate was careful when she sat down on one of the stools, afraid that Rico would have to pull jagged pieces of wood out of her next.
A girl stood behind the counter. She was busy making another person’s order, her back to Rico and Kate. She was a small girl, shorter than Kate, and thin, with a tattoo that wrapped around her left ring finger; from where Kate sat it looked like a ribbon that was tied in a bow. 
“What can I get y’all?” she asked when she turned around. The girl had a pretty face and exotic eyes; her hair was pulled back in a loose ponytail, shorter pieces falling down to frame her round face.
“I’d like a coffee, black. Kate would like a Vanilla Latte,” Rico said, ordering for both of them. He smiled at Kate and took the steaming mug that the girl set in front of him. He wrapped his hands around it even though it was still warm outside. 
“Thanks for ordering for me,” Kate said. Wasn’t that something that people did on dates? Or did Rico somehow know that she wasn’t familiar with coffee?
“No problem,” Rico said.
Kate looked at him, sensing something different about him. He seemed calmer out here, away from the world of demons and alternate realities. She kind of liked this version of Rico. She didn’t have to worry about the probing questions. She didn’t have to worry about what she said and how she said it. She wasn’t even worried about a possible argument.
“I also wanted to thank you for speaking with Cole,” Kate added, making sure to say things so that no one thought they sounded odd.
Rico nodded once. “You’re welcome, Kate.  It wasn’t too bad, really. I don’t want you to think that it was a hard or dangerous task. It just took some time, that’s all.”
“Well, I still appreciate it,” Kate said. 
The girl set a mug down in front of Kate and let her know that it was hot. Kate pulled it closer to her, but let it sit there so that it would cool down enough for her to drink.
“I think we should talk about other things,” Rico said. “I’m curious as to who you were before all of this. I’m sure you’ve grown since Adriana and I popped into your life.”
Kate sat back and looked into Rico’s eyes. They weren’t stormy today, she mused. When Rico wasn’t upset his cobalt eyes were tranquil, peaceful like the waters near Bora Bora or some other tropical place. She noticed that he looked deeply into hers, waiting for her answer.
“Truthfully, I wasn’t really anyone before you came along,” she said. 
Rico nodded, and Kate continued. 
“I was a lonely girl that didn’t really know what life was. I spent my life living vicariously through the girls in movies,” she admitted, blushing. “I spent a lot of time arguing with my parents because it was the only dramatic relationship that I could have.” Kate blinked and realized that she was staring at the mug in front of her. She carefully took a sip of the still steaming liquid before continuing. “I have grown because of you,” she whispered as she set it down.
“Kate, you don’t have to feel regret or shame for who you were. It’s made you strong and independent. Don’t fight that part about you. Don’t feel like you need friends to make you whole. Believe me when I say that friends come and go.”
Kate nodded, knowing that Rico was talking about what would happen when Kern didn’t want anything to do with Kate anymore, when he was ready to find another body.
“I wasn’t really anyone for a long time,” Rico admitted after a short silence. “I was alone until Adriana found me. I guess you could say she saved me from who I could be right now.” His voice was a quiet whisper, and Kate had to strain to hear him.
“How did you meet?” Kate asked quietly. She felt the need to be supportive, not pushy or desperate. That’s not how she would get inside Rico’s head. 
“Adriana and Donovan like to travel the world.” Rico pulled the steaming mug to his perfect mouth and took a long drink. He looked forward, not seeing Kate at all. “Adriana found me in India; I was into some pretty bad stuff back then. I don’t really like to talk about it,” he said with a sigh. He sat there for a moment, and Kate could tell that a hundred memories played through his mind. He blinked a few times and shook his head before continuing his story. 
“Well, she found me and showed me what it was like to be someone’s friend. You see, back then I disliked people quite a bit.” Rico smiled a slow, sad smile and turned to face Kate. The look on his face hurt Kate; the regret and sadness in his bright eyes was real, almost tangible.  She wanted to reach out to him but held back, knowing that she would only push him away. 
“Adriana’s changed both of us. She’s the constant in all of this,” Kate said finally.
“She is,” Rico agreed. 
Kate pondered Adriana for a moment. Adriana was kind and honest; when she cared about someone, she protected them. Kate could see that part of her when it came to Donovan. Kate wondered, again, who Donovan really was. She considered asking Rico but knew that it would only cause an argument. It wasn’t right of Kate to try to place Rico in between the trust issues that she and Adriana had. They would have to deal with it on their own time.

After Kate finished her latte, she and Rico walked along the boardwalk in silence. She had enjoyed this drink much more than the coffee that Rico was drinking, and finished it quickly. Now Kate’s fingertips, nose, and lips were buzzing with energy. Her mind was enveloped in a feeling of calmness, and Kate relished in the feeling. It was nice to be able to push every negative thought out of her mind when she was with Rico. 
Rico stopped suddenly and lifted his eyes to the stars. Kate followed his gaze.
“Do you think alternate realities are real places?” he asked. “I know that you didn’t see yours clearly, but I’ve always wondered if they were actual planets. You see, I’ve never been to one,” he admitted.
Kate knew in her heart that an alternate reality was a tangible place. Her other half was probably there right now, laughing and holding hands with Rico.
“I don’t know,” she said instead. She knew that she couldn’t tell Rico the answer he wanted to hear because it would give her secrets away. She looked at the ground, the feeling of calmness replaced with a feeling of guilt and shame.
“I’m sorry that I brought your thoughts back to that,” Rico said. “I never meant to take away your happiness. I don’t ever want to,” he added.
Kate looked at him, a weak smile present on her features. Rico mistook her small smile for fear and continued talking.
“You don’t need to be afraid. I swear that I’ll protect you, body and soul,” he said earnestly. “I won’t let him take you away.”
Kate finally found her words. “I’m not afraid,” she said. “And I am happy right now. I’m probably the happiest I’ve been since I met you.”
Rico nodded. “Yeah, it’s nice to feel freedom.”
Kate gripped the rail that was in front of her, steeling herself for her response. She knew that if she planned on letting Rico know how she felt about him, she would have to do it now. She let out a breath before continuing. “It’s nice to feel the way I do; the way I feel with you,” she said, blushing fiercely. She sat there, staring at her hands, waiting for Rico to say something, anything.
Next to her, Rico ran his hands through his hair, laced his fingers, and rested them on the back of his head. His breathing grew heavy, and Kate was afraid that she ruined their easy friendship, that Rico was growing angry with her.
“You shouldn’t feel that way,” he said at last. 
Kate’s cheeks burned further and angry tears threatened to choke her. She looked up at him bravely, searching his eyes for something other than what he had just said, searching for what she wanted him to say to her.
Rico tousled his hair and covered his face in his hands, hiding his emotions from Kate. She looked back down at the faded wood.
“I’m here to protect you. I can’t be anything else,” Rico said when he was able to look at Kate. “I’m sorry, Kate, but it’s the truth. I’m just a soldier.”
“No you aren’t,” she said, her voice small. “You’re pretending that you don’t feel but I’ve seen you laugh. I’ve seen you when you’re angry or scared or worried.”
“I don’t feel the way you do, Kate.” His voice sounded like it was on the verge of breaking and Kate felt the need to comfort him. Instead, she stood there, stoic. Her thoughts tangled with her emotions. She could feel Rico’s tension; his muscles were flexed, his breathing loud and quick. Kate couldn’t believe that Rico felt nothing for her. He had freaked out after scaring her at the beach; he had talked with her about her appearance, clearly stating that he thought Kate was more attractive with her curls. Kate couldn’t let that knowledge go. She knew that deep down, there was something hidden within Rico, something that he wasn’t telling her. Kate guessed that everyone was hiding something; it was human nature, and like Adriana stated earlier, there was no reason for her to be hypocritical about it.
“We should head back,” Rico said finally, pulling Kate from her swirl of emotions. “I’ll drop you off at your house. I’ll let Adriana know you were tired.”
Kate shook her head. “I’d rather walk. It’s not far from here.”
“It’s not safe for you to walk. I’m not letting you go.”
“You aren’t my father, Rico. You aren’t even my boyfriend. I don’t think you have the right to tell me what to do right now,” Kate spat.
Rico took a step back, shocked at Kate’s outburst. He looked at her for a moment before trying to persuade her once more.
“Look,” she said calmly. “The only thing I have left when it comes to you is my pride. Please, let me keep just that,” she said, pleading with him.
Rico sighed, knowing he had nowhere to turn from here. He let her go and stood on the boardwalk watching her silhouette retreat, waiting until he could see it no more.
When Kate was gone, Rico got into his car and drove slowly along the road parallel to Kate, listening for her soft presence.
 

14

Kate stumbled into her bedroom thirty minutes later. The long walk home had been calming, yet eerie. The whole time, she felt the sensation that someone was watching her and shuddered at the thought of Kern sulking in the shadows somewhere.
When Kate opened the door, Adriana sat on the bed, an overnight bag next to her. Her dark eyes sparkled with knowledge but there was no smug smile on her face.
“I need to be alone tonight,” Kate demanded. 
“No, Kate. I know enough about being friends to know that the last thing you need right now is a cry fest. You need to talk about it,” Adriana said, worry creasing her brow.
“What do you know about being friends with me?” Kate asked. “As soon as Kern is gone, as soon as he doesn’t want my soul any longer, you’ll be gone too. You aren’t my friend because of something natural. This friendship is an excuse to watch over me all the time.”
“That’s not true,” Adriana said in a small voice. “It may have started out that way, Kate, but I really like you. You’re the first person that I’ve actually felt a connection to.”
“Wrong,” Kate said. “You have a connection to Rico and your hypothetical father. I’m not the first person so don’t lie to me.”
“Believe me, Kate. You are.” Adriana began muttering to herself about Rico and Donovan being angry with her. She was at war with herself for about ten minutes before she looked into Kate’s cloudy eyes, her dark ones determined. 
“Kate, I want you to listen to me,” she said. “I don’t want you to interrupt me or ask questions; I just want you to listen. Do you understand?”
Kate nodded, a question rising in her throat already. What was going on?
“When I say that you are the first person I’ve had a connection with, I’m not lying. Rico, Donovan and I are not people.” Adriana paused to give Kate a moment to process the information that she was offering. “Rico, Donovan, and I are demons.”
Kate stumbled backward and slammed into her dresser. She kept shaking her head back and forth, almost as if she couldn’t hear what Adriana was saying, almost as if she could shake her new knowledge right out of her memory. Kate wanted to talk, to ask a million questions, but she kept her mouth shut out of respect for Adriana’s wishes.
 Adriana stood up, moving towards Kate. Kate kept backing away. She wasn’t exactly afraid of Adriana; Adriana and Rico had each had the opportunity to take her soul if they had wanted to. There was no reason for Kate to think that they would start trying now. But there was something different about Adriana now. Kate could almost see her unearthly beauty, the grace that accompanied each lithe movement. She extended her thinking and realized that she could see these same characteristics in both Rico and Donovan. 
“Kate, I won’t hurt you,” Adriana said. She stopped where she stood, no longer aiming to comfort her friend.
Kate stared at her, the feeling of shock rushing through her veins.
“We might be demons, but we still feel pain.” Adriana whispered. Was she insinuating that Kate was hurting her feelings? It was Kate’s feelings that were crushed. She had been tricked this whole time, thinking that her friends were just like her, fragile and helpless when it came down to it. Now she realized that they were opposites.
Adriana moved on. “Rico, Donovan, and I are immortal. We have been alive since the beginning of time. We have seen every raging war, we have seen people possessed, and we have seen other demons murdered during exorcism.
In the beginning, I was alone. I fought alongside my brothers and sisters, destroying our planet, relishing in the destruction. I was a monster.” Adriana looked at Kate, her eyes growing sad. 
“When Darkness put us here on Earth, I knew we didn’t belong here. I saw my brothers and sisters taking human souls, killing humans so that they could truly feel love. I wondered how demons could truly feel that love if it was stolen from someone. You can’t truly have something that you take by force; it will never be yours.” Adriana sighed and moved back to sit on the bed. Kate noticed that Adriana chose the spot that was furthest from her; it was as if Adriana knew that Kate didn’t want to be near her. Kate’s heart beat guiltily. 
“I have never taken or tried to take a human soul,” Adriana said.
“Hundreds of years after inhabiting this planet I found Donovan. You were right, Kate, he’s not my father; he’s my husband. I thought that you and I could connect over the desire to spend time with our parents, so I pretended that Donovan was my father. I truly am sorry for lying to you about myself, about Rico and Donovan. We never planned on letting you know, but you took us by surprise, Kate. Before you came along, it was always just a job. We never actually cared about any of the people that we protected.”
Kate detached herself from the dresser. She moved slowly, cautiously, toward the other end of the bed. She could see Adriana’s dark eyes lighten some, hope burning there. Kate sat down across from her friend, pulling her legs up to her chest and resting her chin there. She waited patiently for Adriana to continue her story.
“I found Rico later, in India. I had been searching for Kern for quite a while. You see, I lost his trail about fifty years before; Rico helped me find him again. We’ve been working together for about two hundred years now, but we haven’t been able to stop Kern from possessing the humans that he lays his eyes on. I think you’re different, though, Kate. I think you’re strong enough to resist him. You’re the first person I’ve met that truly doesn’t need another person to make her happy, to make her feel alive. You symbolize hope to me,” she admitted.
Adriana stared out the window for a moment before turning to Kate again. Kate watched her, but couldn’t make herself say anything.
“I’m finished now, Kate. Do you have any questions for me? You can ask me whatever you want; I promise to tell you the truth.”
“How was Rico when you found him?” Kate asked, finally finding her voice.
“Rico needs to tell you his own story, Kate. The same goes for Donovan. I only have the power to tell you mine.”
“Do you think they will tell me?” 
“After Rico and Donovan get over being angry at me they might tell you. I think you’ll have more luck with Donovan, though.”
“Why Donovan? I don’t know him as well as I do Rico,” Kate mentioned.
“Donovan is very proud of who he is. He would love to share his story with someone new, someone that doesn’t already know him. For Rico, well, I’m the only one that knows his entire story.”
Kate pondered this new knowledge. Did that mean that Rico was ashamed of his past? Did that mean that Donovan wasn’t? Was that a good thing or a bad thing?
“Can you tell me about Lilith? What was it like over there? Do you remember?”
“I remember everything, Kate. Demons don’t forget their pasts like humans. We have excellent and extensive memories.”
Adriana licked her lips, ready to continue. However, she didn’t get to tell Kate about Lilith. A crash from the hall stopped Adriana from talking further. She rushed to the door, quick as lightning and stood there listening for signs of movement. When Adriana thought the coast was clear she opened the door slowly and peeked into the hall. One moment Adriana was leaning over to get a better look around the corner, the next she was pressed against the wall, Donovan’s hands pressed on her throat.
“What did you do?” he spat. “How dare you tell a human what we are! Are you crazy enough to think that she cares about you enough not to go running down the streets screaming about monsters?” 
Adriana struggled against his hold, trying to speak. Donovan didn’t budge. 
“I can’t believe you would betray your own kind like this. You’re despicable. You’re no different than a human.” 
“Stop it! You’re hurting her!” Kate screamed.
Donovan turned to look at Kate. “I would never hurt her, but someone else will. Humans are not to know about demons anymore. That was part of the agreement.”
He let go of Adriana then, and sped out of the room. Kate heard the back door close, thankful that her parents had gone out. 
Kate watched as Adriana slid to the floor, her body trembling. Kate rushed over to her, trying to hug her, to comfort her somehow. Adriana pushed her away weakly.
“Don’t, Kate. It’s not your fault; it’s mine. I let this happen to myself. I’m sorry that he frightened you. I’ll make sure that Rico doesn’t do the same.”
“Rico wouldn’t do that to you,” Kate protested.
“Honey, you don’t know what Rico is capable of.” Adriana stood up then and straightened out her pants. She moved to the mirror and fixed her hair and the smudges of makeup.
“I should go,” she said. “You’ll be safe tonight. I promise.”
With that, she disappeared with her bag, leaving Kate alone for another sleepless night. 

Kate was in the woods again. This time she stood in a meadow blooming with wildflowers. She turned around, taking in her surroundings. She knew that she had to find her way out of here. She had to find what it was she was searching for.
The burning world popped into her mind first. Was that what she was searching for? No. She had already found the burning world. She needed to find something else now. 
She saw a small path at the edge of the meadow and followed it. There was a soft breeze that drifted in from whatever was on the other side. Kate walked along the winding trail, letting her fingers touch the rough tree bark and trail along the lush leaves. The dirt was dry and Kate kicked it up as she walked, the bottom of her ivory gown catching the clouds of dust. 
Kate began to hear a familiar sound. The smell of salt wafted up from ahead of her, and Kate instantly knew that she was on a beach somewhere. She rushed ahead, eager to feel the open wind caress her skin and comb her hair. 
When Kate stepped into the fine sand she rushed forward, knowing that it was here, the thing that she was searching for. She slowed down, realizing that the sand around her wasn’t smooth like it was at home. She looked around her and searched for a pattern in the swirls that were drawn around her.
Kate’s heart stopped when she realized what she was looking at. It was the picture she had drawn in the sand the first morning at the beach. The image was drawn over and over again, covering the entirety of the beach she stood at now – a circle that was enveloped in what Kate now realized were flames. She screamed as terror claimed her heart.

15

Kate woke up screaming. She tried to make herself stop but ended up having to shove a pillow in her mouth to stifle the sound. She heard someone running upstairs and forced herself to stop before her mother and father thought she was crazy.
“Honey, what’s wrong?” Kate’s mother burst into the room, slamming into the door before rushing toward her daughter. She picked Kate up and held her, rocking her back and forth like she did when Kate was younger. “Kate, baby, did you have a nightmare?” she asked worriedly. She pushed Kate’s hair away from her face, tucking it behind her ears.
Kate sobbed and held on to her mother, afraid of thinking about the dream too much. The only thing she wanted after her horrendous night with Rico and Adriana was her mother. She needed some normalcy, even if it was hard to come by with her mom. She buried her head in her mother’s arms and closed her eyes while she listened to Blaire’s soft humming.
Blaire held her daughter for a long time. While she hummed, she ran her fingers through Kate’s curls, comforting her. Kate let herself embrace the hope that was surging through her veins at the closeness. Blaire was finally connecting with Kate, and Kate didn’t want to let the moment go. However, when Kate stopped crying, Blaire let her go.
“Honey,” she said. “It was only a bad dream. Go ahead and take a quick shower. I’m going to make you some blueberry pancakes. After that I think we should have a girls’ day. What about a movie and a manicure?”
Kate nodded, unable to speak.
Blaire stood up and smiled at Kate. It was warm, and comforted Kate, almost erasing her worries. Blaire kissed the top of Kate’s head before she left the room. Kate could hear her humming as she descended the stairs and sat there for a minute before getting up. When she finally rolled off the bed, she stumbled into the shower not quite ready to face the day.
However, the shower was just what Kate needed. She stood there, letting the water fall over her, fully erasing her thoughts. Kate blocked them out, mentally placing them inside a safe that she locked. She made sure to throw away the key, knowing that she would find it when she was ready to figure the mess out. When Kate stepped into the living room twenty minutes later, she felt much better. 
“Here you go, baby.” Blaire placed a stack of pancakes in front of Kate. She watched as Kate ate them, smiling the whole time.
“What?” Kate asked.
“I’m just enjoying spending this time with you,” Blaire said in response.
Kate offered a warm smile in return. She was happy to spend this time with her mother as well. In fact, it was nice to momentarily forget about anything other than her desire to spend time with her mother more often. She let that desire, and her happiness at seeing it come true, consume her thoughts during the day.

“I love the pale pink polish you chose, baby. It’s beautiful,” Blaire said to Kate as they walked toward their beach house. 
“Thanks, Mom. I like yours too; I wouldn’t have thought you’d pick a dark color. I imagined you as a coral or sea foam kind of person.”
“This is the color of the ocean at night, baby. It’s when I love the water the best. That’s why I work so late.”
“Oh,” Kate murmured. She looked into her mother’s saddening eyes, worried that she hadn’t known this about Blaire. She wondered what else she didn’t know about her mother; she hoped that she would find out more as they watched the movie they rented, a depressing love story that didn’t have a happy ending. She needed something like that, something that would remind her of Rico while keeping things real for her; Kate didn’t want to watch a happily ever after and moan about her lack of one. She wanted to just get the whining over all at once, wanting to cry with the character while also crying about her own life at the same time. It would be a good cover-up with her mom, and no questions were asked when the hot guy left the girl in the end. Blaire just smiled over at Kate like it was normal - which it was. Kate always cried, and later, when she stepped into her bedroom, she almost felt normal again. She almost felt ready to face her friends and her increasingly disastrous life. The time that she spent forgetting all of it helped to strengthen her, and she was ready to fight again.
When Kate reached the door, she stood there. Something made her wary of stepping inside, and she almost went to call her mom, but another part of her decided not to - the stubborn part. Kate pulled in a deep breath, preparing herself for the worst, and opened her bedroom door. Good thing she didn’t call her mom, because she found Rico in there. He sat on her bed, reading a book. He closed it when she walked in and put it back on the bookshelf. His hair was disheveled and he looked like he hadn’t slept. 
“Adriana told me what she told you,” he said, worry creasing his brow. He shifted, moving to the edge of the bed. “She shouldn’t have told you, but now that you know I need to know how you feel about the whole thing.”
“I don’t feel any different anymore,” Kate said. “At first I felt betrayed. I was shocked but now I can see the signs that were right in front of me all along. Adriana mentioned falling in love like she had done it a hundred times. Donovan was too young to be her father. All three of you are perfectly beautiful, unearthly almost.” Kate stopped there, frightened of saying too much.
“You aren’t afraid of us?”
“No. I don’t have a reason to be afraid of you.”
Rico seemed to accept her answer. He nodded then stood.
Kate could sense that he wanted to leave, but she didn’t want him to leave yet. She had to know who he was, who he had been before Adriana, before Kate.
“Wait,” she begged.
Rico turned and waited for her to speak.
“Please tell me about your life. I don’t care what you have to say. I just need to hear it from you. I can’t spend the rest of my life wondering who you are, who you were. I have to hear the truth; it can’t be any worse than what I could make up in my mind.”
Rico shook his head, his raven hair falling into his eyes. “It is worse, Kate, much worse.” His cobalt eyes seemed to fade. He looked at her, hardly alive as he relived his past once more. Kate began to sense that this caused him pain, but part of her was too stubborn to care; the other half of her hated herself for hurting him for her own selfish reasons. Still, she pushed forward.
“I don’t care,” she said. She moved closer to him. She looked into his eyes and reached out her hand until she was touching his face. “I just need to know who you are. Nothing you say will scare me. I don’t think anything could make me stop liking you. I just need to know what you did and who you were. I want to know what experiences led you up to this point. To me, you’re good. You will always be good.”
Rico pulled away from her touch, and Kate lowered her hand. She blushed fiercely and turned away from him.
“Kate,” he said, reaching out to grab her wrist. “I’m sorry. I didn’t mean to. It’s just that I can’t touch you.” He released her wrist then. Kate could tell he was changing the subject, but she let him.
She turned around slowly. “You can’t touch me?”
He shook his head in response to her question.
“Why?” she asked again. 
“Have you ever noticed that my skin feels warm when it touches you?”
“Yes, it feels like you have a fever.”
“It’s because my skin is burning yours. I have no soul to keep me warm. My body temperature is below freezing, but to you it feels warm. When I touch you, when any demon touches you, your body temperature is lowered. It’s a way to disarm the humans we attempt to possess. It’s sort of like a built in weapon.”
Kate thought a moment, remembering that her mother had told her that her skin was like ice after the man had attacked her the night that they ate at The Beach House. She felt a feeling of dread. If he had held her for another moment, would she have survived? How long did it take to completely destroy a human body?
“What’s wrong?” Rico asked.
“I was thinking about the night I was attacked. The first attack from the demon that you fought below my window. My mother said that my body was freezing when I reached her. He didn’t hold me for very long, Rico. How could he have cooled my body temperature down that much?”
“It doesn’t take long, Kate. How long did he hold you? Do you know?”
“No more than thirty seconds.”
Kate watched as Rico’s eyes turned to stone. He began muttering and whispering to himself, and then stood up suddenly, his eyes determined.
“Look, I’ll be back later. I need to go talk to Adriana,” he said. He got up and walked toward the window.
“Wait,” Kate said. “I need to come with you.”
Rico nodded. “I’ll meet you outside,” he said before jumping out the open window. 
Kate rushed downstairs, her lavender skirt floating around her. By the time she made it to the back door she had to rearrange her cream tank top, tucking it back in to her lace skirt.
“Honey, where are you going?” her mother called from the kitchen.
“I’m going to show Adriana my nails and tell her about the movie,” she called before walking outside.
Rico stood there waiting, his hands in his pockets. He wore dark sunglasses and a grim expression. They walked in silence all the way to Adriana’s house.
Adriana was sitting on the deck out back, listening to soft indie music while flipping through magazines. She shut the magazine and turned off the music when she caught sight of Rico’s expression.
Rico dove straight into the story that Kate had just told to him. Kate watched Adriana’s eyes get bigger and bigger with every word. She wondered, absently, where Donovan was. Did he really work at the bait shop? 
“This is worse than I thought,” Adriana said. “I can’t believe that this mystery demon is somehow stronger than we are. I didn’t know it was possible.”
“It gets worse,” Kate said. She looked as Adriana and Rico focused their gazes on her face. “I have a few things to tell you,” she said.
They nodded.
Kate told Adriana and Rico about Kern’s house. “It’s him, isn’t it?” she asked them when she finished.
Both Adriana and Rico agreed. “Now we just need to find out whether he placed Kate and her family there on purpose. I have a feeling that he did,” Rico muttered angrily. 
“Why?” Kate asked. “Why would he choose my soul? I’m just a sixteen-year-old girl. I don’t know how he could find my soul so appealing.”
“That’s what we need to figure out next,” Adriana said. “What else did you have to tell us? You said you had some things, right?”
Kate nodded. She looked down at her lap and straightened out her skirt. She knew that Adriana and Rico would wait patiently, but she knew she couldn’t put it off forever.
“I remember the alternate reality,” she admitted. She waited for Adriana to stick out her tongue or sing an I-told-you-so, but neither happened. Kate went on. “It showed me the things I desired most. It showed me with my family; then it switched to a different version of me that was surrounded by hundreds of people that begged to be my friends, and then you,” she said looking at Rico. “It showed me you.”
Rico blushed and Adriana flashed a smile. She elbowed Rico and looked at Kate out of the corner of her eye. Rico muttered something to her that sounded like “stop it” and Adriana stopped grinning at him.
“I know that alternate realities are tangible. It’s out there somewhere. I know it is. I just want to know why Cole took me to that reality and not another one.”
“Is that all that you saw, Kate?” Adriana asked, knowing that Rico wouldn’t push anything more at the moment.
“Yes,” she said. She wasn’t ready to tell her friends about the burning world quite yet. It was easy for her to accept them for who they were; their deepest desires didn’t center on the world catching fire. She wasn’t sure what they would say when they found out about Kate’s hidden desires. She wondered, briefly, if it meant that she was the evil one here.
“Thank you for telling us, Kate. It was very brave of you,” Adriana said sweetly. She reached forward and squeezed Kate’s hand. 
It would be braver of me to tell you everything, Kate thought.
“Kate,” Adriana started, “Rico and I need to figure this out.” She gave Kate an apologetic look for being so sudden, but Kate understood. “Let me walk you home. We’ll contact you when we find some news. I promise.”
Kate nodded and let Adriana lead her home. 
Once at home, Kate milled around the house, hanging out downstairs with her parents. She was beginning to appreciate them. She had parents, whereas Adriana and Rico had never had any. They were created, these gorgeous and immortal creatures, to appear as young adults their entire lives, but they were never given the opportunity to be children. They were never given the chance to fall in love and grow old together. Kate wondered vaguely if they could ever have children.
That night Kate lay in bed thinking about the dream she had the night before. She wondered if she could fall back into that dream world on purpose. She had to find out what it was she wanted with the burning world. What did it mean? Was it actually going to happen or did it symbolize something? And Kate couldn’t shake the real connection she had with it. She had actually drawn it in the sand. The images that she saw in her dream were exact replicas; there were just more of them. 
Kate also thought about the unknown demon; she kept trying to pull details from the shadow that had grabbed her. She remembered that he was strong but didn’t have large muscles like Cole. She remembered his deep, rough voice, taunting her. She remembered feeling stubble press against her soft cheek, clawing and tearing at her delicate skin. Try as hard as she might, she still couldn’t put a face with that rough voice. Kate lay there exhausted. Her head hurt from thinking so much, and she let herself drift off into an uneasy slumber.

Kate was back. This time she found herself standing in the street in front of her house. She began to turn toward it but felt a pull from another direction. She began to walk toward Adriana’s house, assuming that the pull was going to take her there.
She walked past the familiar houses: the one with the red door and the one with the fading green paint. The colors in this world looked almost like Technicolor and Kate skipped in her ivory gown, humming the tune from The Wizard of Oz. 
Kate stopped in front of the house that the older professional purchased. The dilapidated shack that once stood there was gone; in its place stood a log cabin built on top of stilts so that the owner could see the beach from the front porch. The wood was stained a dark, golden tan color and there were plenty of windows to provide light. The stairs that led up to the house twisted and Kate had the urge to run up them. She had a love-hate relationship with winding staircases. The stairs above her head were always out of reach, but she found herself ducking down anyway, afraid of smacking her head into them. 
Kate began to continue toward her friend’s house, but found herself stopping again. The staircase was the thing that pulled her to this point. She looked around, making sure that no one was watching her, and then ran to the bottom of the stairs. She jogged up and stood on the front porch. Up here the breeze was stronger, and Kate’s ivory gown swirled around her legs. She saw two shiny telescopes that she hadn’t seen before in either corner. The gold surfaces glimmered in the sun, sending rays of light in every direction. She smiled, thinking about the man sitting out here watching the stars.
Kate walked up to the telescope on the right and looked into it. It was pointed directly at Adriana’s house. Kate’s heart stopped. She found herself rushing to the other telescope, with an uncanny idea of what she would find when she reached it. 
Kate touched the telescope, her heart beating furiously. She looked into it…

And Kate woke up. She cursed inwardly, angry at losing the dream. She felt her heart racing in her chest, knowing that it had pulled her from the nightmare. That couldn’t be it, though; she had to find out what was going on. So, in one lithe movement, Kate swung herself off the bed and tossed on a t-shirt and comfortable shorts. She slipped on her running shoes, grabbed her cell phone, and headed outside. Once her feet touched the pavement, she ran. She made her way toward the log cabin, her heart pounding in her throat, her hand ready to speed dial Adriana. The house wasn’t far from hers but she seemed to be running through dense fog. She felt it pulling against her, its resistance pushing her backward.
Somehow, the fog broke ahead and Kate stopped in the middle of the street. There was no log cabin. The dilapidated house still stood; there were even a few cans on the ground. Kate stood there for a moment, shaking her head in confusion, clearing away the fog that hung around her mind. What did this new information tell her about her dreams? Were they all fake? Was her mind going crazy from the amount of stress that the thought of the unknown demon caused? 
Kate threw her hands up in the air and turned around, headed for home. She would have to deal with this later.

Headlights flashed and a car horn honked. She heard the driver slam on the breaks but knew that it was too late. When the car hit Kate it felt like every bone in her body broke. It hurt too much to scream or cry. She rolled over onto the side of the road, pushed there by the car. She saw the driver get out, heard him screaming into a cell phone. After that, she drifted off into nothingness.

16

Kate woke up in a hospital bed. The lighting in the room was dull, and Kate had to squint to see everything around her. She was hooked up to a heart monitor that listened to the steady beat of her healthy heart. There were three vases that held beautiful flowers with cards from her parents, Adriana and Rico, and the gardener. His arrangement was the most beautiful, with lilacs and exotic grasses. 
“Oh, Kate!” Blaire’s voice sounded shrill.
Kate flinched, but turned to face her mother.
“Oh baby, your father and I have been so worried,” Blaire said, pulling Kate into a tight embrace. “You were hit by a car, baby. It was Adriana’s father, Donovan. He was coming home from work and hit you. He said that you were standing out in the middle of the road, and that the fog was so dense he didn’t see you until it was too late.” Kate watched as her mother sniffled, tears running down her face.
“Where’s Dad?” Kate asked, suddenly realizing that he wasn’t there. 
“He went to get some water for us,” Blaire said. Her expression changed from concern to worry mixed with a tinge of sadness.
“What’s wrong, Mom?”
“Oh, nothing’s wrong baby. I’m just worried about you, that’s all.”
“How long do I have to stay here?”
“A couple more days, baby. The doctor said you were lucky. Donovan’s quick reflexes saved your bones. You have a head injury, though. It wasn’t a concussion but you needed stitches. Nevertheless, the doctor says that you need to rest; you’re pretty bruised up.”
Kate stretched, feeling sore. She yawned, suddenly tired, and let her eyes flutter until they shut. She felt her mother kiss her on the top of her head and heard her sit back to watch her sleep.
The next time Kate woke up, Donovan was sitting in front of her.
“I’m so sorry,” he blurted. “I never meant to hit you. You just came out of nowhere. If I had seen you a second later I would have killed you.” He lowered his head and held it in his hands, pressing his palms into his eyes. He looked like a wreck. His normally tousled hair was sticking up and dark circles framed his chocolate eyes. 
“It’s okay,” Kate said kindly. “I know it was an accident, and I’m not too hurt.” 
He looked at her, a pained expression painted across his features. 
“I don’t know you very well,” he said at last. “I’m sorry about the way you had to see me last time. I’m afraid for Adriana. If Light or Darkness discovers what she has done I will roam the planet alone for eternity.”
“What will happen to Adriana? Rico never told me about this when he told me the truth about the universe.”
“Darkness will destroy her. Light took away the presence of demons from human memories and forced Darkness to keep it that way. Demons are not supposed to exist in this world.”
“I’m so sorry,” Kate said, and she really was sorry. “I feel like it’s my fault that Adriana told me. I’m so curious about your lives that I wouldn’t take no for an answer.”
“That’s understandable. If I were in your shoes, I would demand answers too. However, Adriana never had to give you any. I’ve stood by her side for longer than you can imagine, watching her attempt to save humans from Kern, from other demons. I don’t help Adriana and Rico save the humans, as you may have noticed, but I have protected Adriana. It’s still my job to protect her.”
“I understand,” Kate said. 
The two sat for a moment in companionable silence.
“Adriana told me that you were interested in the story of my existence thus far. I hope that you will take it as an offering of peace and apology.”
“Of course I will,” Kate said as she sat up. She tried to keep the excitement from entering her voice, but it didn’t matter. He knew that she had been waiting for this. 
Donovan leaned over and helped Kate position the pillows so that she was comfortable. Then, he began the story of his past.
“I, just like Adriana, used to be a monster while living on Lilith. You see, demons didn’t know anything other than hatred while living there. As you already know, Adriana is caring and compassionate; she saw the power that love and kindness brought to humans. I did not. I thought that humans were lowly and disgusting, the epitome of weakness. I killed humans. I planned on taking over this planet much like we did on Lilith. 
When the humans began fighting back, I was on the front of every line. I led each battle, and I was great. I won every battle or war that I fought, and quickly grew famous among demons. Demons that liked to possess human bodies would find me. I would weaken the human enough for possession, although I would never take one for myself. I saw possessions as a weakness. Demons were parasites that craved human emotions.” Donovan pulled in a deep breath before continuing, his eyes roaming Kate’s features for betrayals of fear or anger or sadness. He found nothing.
“When the treaty was formed, I hid where no one would find me. I was afraid that I would attempt to rage wars, that I would expose my true identity. You see, demons cling to life because there is nothing for them after death. Humans strive to live fulfilling lives but know that their souls will live on for eternity. I was, and still am, afraid of death.”
Donovan shuddered at the morbid thought, but pressed on, motivated to finish now that he had already begun.
“Somehow, Adriana found me where I hid. When I look back on it, I think that she was running after Kern. You should have seen her back then, Kate. Adriana was wild, beautiful, free, and smart. She still is all those things, but when you’re a man, and you truly see a woman for the first time, it’s unbelievable.” He smiled to himself, remembering. Then, he leaned back, stretching his back before he continued. He seemed to want to stay in that moment, the moment where he was saved. When he continued, the small smile remained on his lips, dancing there as he spoke of Adriana.
“Adriana saved me,” he whispered. “Believe me, I was resistant at first. I fought her and told her she was insane. I blamed her for my misery and hatred. I hated her for thinking that humans were something to envy.” Donovan laughed, embarrassed by his words, and ran his hands through his hair as his cheeks turned a pale shade of pink.
“I don’t care,” Kate said. “That’s who you were, not who you are. The past doesn’t matter to me, Donovan.” Kate hoped her words comforted him instead of pushing him away, and she was happy when he nodded his head.
 “Adriana showed me that we are equals. We are two sides to the same coin, heads and tails. Over time, she showed me that I could live alongside humans. She proved to me that we could live in harmony and peace. 
I know that as a demon I cannot truly feel love the way humans can. My heartbeat doesn’t quicken and my palms don’t sweat. I’m not consumed by my thoughts of Adriana. I can’t let her presence weaken me. But I do know that deep down, we are soul mates.” Donovan bit his cheek and chuckled at his use of the word soul mate, his chocolate eyes sparkling. He shrugged and leaned forward, his elbows resting on his knees, his fingers laced together, before finishing his life story.
“We belong together for all of eternity, Adriana and I. I have spent my entire existence protecting her in her quest for good over evil. You see, most people would associate Light and his children with good, and Darkness and his children would be seen as evil. It’s portrayed like this in films and stories all the time. Adriana doesn’t see it that way. She sees the good and evil in both races.”
“You do love her,” Kate interjected. “You might not think that you do, but I can see it. When you talk about her, you smile a real smile that reaches your eyes. I can hear it in your voice. When you say her name, you almost whisper it, like she’s a secret that you want to keep. Love isn’t all about sweaty palms and racing hearts. It’s seeing someone for who they are, inside and out, and embracing it. It’s laughter and fighting and making up. Love is all of that.” Kate drifted off, consumed by her thoughts.
“It seems to me like you know quite a lot about love, Kate.” 
“I don’t,” she admitted. “I just watch a lot of movies and my mom and dad. I can tell that they love each other by the way they look at each other. You look at Adriana the same way.”
Donovan watched Kate, contemplating the things that she was saying to him. He was mesmerized and confused. Kate had barely lived – sixteen wasn’t long at all – but she was wise for someone her age. Heck, she was even convincing Donovan that he could actually love Adriana, even though he knew that demons were void of that particular feeling. Yes, she really was wise, and yes, she had all the makings of the girl that would end Kern. 
“Thank you, Kate,” he said at last. “Your words have done more for me than you know. I’m not certain that I have succeeded in making it up to you, considering you have paid me back once more.”
“You don’t owe me anything, Donovan. I’m just glad that you let me know who you are and what made you that way.” Kate yawned then, and Donovan helped her scoot down until she was lying against the rough pillows. He squeezed her hand and let himself out. 
As she lay there, Kate allowed her thoughts to drift over the story that Donovan told her. She imagined Adriana, wild in all black, chasing Kern around the world. She imagined Donovan in armor, fighting humans with a strength that would scare even the strongest man. At last, she imagined Donovan and the way he looked at Adriana. She knew that, somehow, demons were capable of love. She also knew that they didn’t know it.
Kate never saw Rico in the hospital. Adriana came to visit, apologizing profusely for Donovan’s actions, smiling when Kate told her that he loved her, unshed tears shining in her dark eyes. Kate’s parents came to visit, although she was asleep most of the time. Even Mr. Evans stopped by, letting her know that the replacement plant was doing well. 
On the day that Kate was released from the hospital, she couldn’t wait to get back to the beach. When she stepped out onto the deck at her house, feeling the warmth of the sun and the breeze, she knew that she was home at last. This place, more than any other place that she had lived, was special. This was Kate’s home, and she loved it more than anything.
That evening, Kate and her family went to grab dinner at The Beach House. Kate made sure that they all ordered something different this time; she didn’t want a repeat of last time. Plus,   no one could try food from other’s plates if they all ordered the same thing. It was something they all loved to do. 
Throughout dinner, they joked and laughed, enjoying their time together now that Kate was home. Both of her parents decided to take off work for a couple days. They decided that the three of them would hang out at their beach house and travel somewhere when Kate felt a little better. Kate insisted that she felt better already, but she was still sleeping twelve hours each night so her parents decided that they would wait a day or two. 
As the family left the restaurant, with plenty of daylight - as requested by Kate - a familiar face waved to her. It was the man from the decaying house. Kate smiled and was ready to walk out the door but the man stood up and straightened his suit and tie.  He walked up to the three of them, prepared to introduce himself.
“Hi,” he said. “My name is Erik. I live up the street from you. I’m fixing up the worst house on the block to liven up this neighborhood.” He shook hands with Kate’s mother and father and nodded in Kate’s direction. 
“Yes, I’ve seen that house,” Kate’s father said after introducing his wife. “I’m glad that someone has found the time to fix it up. We truly appreciate it.”
“No problem at all,” Erik said. “So this is your family. It’s quite lovely. I don’t happen to have one of my own. The woman I loved left me a while ago,” he added. 
“Oh, I’m very sorry Erik,” Kate’s mother chimed in. “And thank you for the comment about our small family.”
“You’re welcome Mrs. Warren.” Erik nodded, but it was also accompanied by a small bow. It was an odd gesture for a man of this age.
Blaire blushed and smiled over at Erik, kind and trusting. “Oh, please call me Blaire and feel free to call my husband by his first name as well. We aren’t strangers anymore.” 
“Thank you. I will,” Erik replied.
Beside Kate, her father pulled himself straighter. He held his hand out, waiting for another handshake, a goodbye handshake. “Well Erik,” he said when Erik took his hand, “it was nice meeting you but we should be heading home. I’m certain Kate’s getting tired,” Aaron said as he turned toward the door.
“What happened to Kate, Aaron?” Erik asked.
Kate watched her father sign inwardly before turning around. “She was hit by a car a few days ago and she just got home today. She’s still recovering some, so we want to make sure she gets a good night’s rest. We’ll talk to you sometime soon. It was very nice meeting you.”
Even though Kate’s dad had been short with him, Erik bowed and offered a kind smile to the small family. “It was nice meeting you as well,” he said with a nod and quick wave. “Actually, it was nice meeting all of you,” he clarified as he turned around and started to walk toward his lonely table. 
“Erik,” Blaire added, “I know that you’re alone in that decrepit house. Why don’t you come over for breakfast sometime? I’m sure it’ll be nice to eat a real home-cooked meal for a change.” She smiled warmly at him after glancing at her husband for assurance.  
Erik nodded and smiled once more, his light blue eyes shimmering. “Thank you, Blaire. I might have to take you up on that,” he said before heading back to finish his now cold dinner.
With Erik’s departure, the small family turned and walked toward the wide double doors. Kate’s dad walked quickly, eager to leave the restaurant. Blaire and Kate both had to rush to keep up with his wide strides.
“He’s a nice man,” Blaire said, slightly breathlessly, when the family stepped outside.
“He does seem like a nice man,” Aaron added, although his tone indicated that he was agreeing with Blaire out of kindness, and Kate had to agree with her father; she was afraid that she might regret it if he came over for breakfast. He might never leave.
The next morning, Kate was shocked to hear her parents say that they could head for Orlando. She had successfully slept seven hours the night before, and her parents surprised her with three-day tickets to Disney World. Kate jumped up and down, eager to go on rides, wear mouse ears, and eat her fill of snacks like ice cream and popcorn. 
When Kate and her family arrived at the park, an overwhelming feeling of happiness and contentedness snuck up on her. She spent most of the day pointing at characters, reminding her parents of who they were and what movie they were in. Three days later, when the small family finally drove away from Disney World, Kate felt better than she had in a long time. However, she knew the feeling wouldn’t last for very long; reality was waiting for her back in Dolphin Bay, and it wouldn’t give her a break or take it’s time in returning. It would smash into her like the car had days earlier, and she feared that, this time, she would break.
As expected, Kate opened her bedroom door to find that she had two guests. One sat on her bed, cross-legged, while the other paced her room.
“Where have you been?” Adriana demanded. Her normally smooth, calm voice was high-pitched and quick. She stood up and rushed over to Kate in her demon speed, which was kind of like vampire speed to Kate. The thought made Kate smile to herself. She sobered up quickly, though, especially when Adriana gave her a stern look.
Kate swallowed. She looked at the ground instead of looking into Adriana’s dark eyes. She didn’t want to feel the power in their gaze. “I’m sorry that I didn’t tell you guys,” she started. “I’ve been in Orlando. My parents took off work for a couple days so we went on a vacation.”
“You’ve got to let us know these things, Kate. Rico and I assumed that your parents were at work, and that you were home alone. When I stopped by a couple days ago to check on you no one was here. I freaked.”
“I’m sorry, Adriana. I never meant to scare you,” Kate said as a warm blush colored her cheeks. She felt ashamed for scaring her friends, for making them think that something bad had happened to her, and she hoped that Adriana would forgive her as easily as last time.
“It’s okay, Kate. I forgive you,” Adriana said with a smile that made Kate think that it was that easy. Adriana’s next comment, however, made Kate change her mind. It slammed into her chest with a force that was much greater than the car’s. 
“Now, you two need to talk. I hate to say that I’m going to stay here and listen to the two of you, but I don’t think you’ll work this whole puppy love thing out without me here to moderate things for you,” Adriana said. She crossed her arms, glancing back and forth between them.
“What?” Kate asked. “You can’t intervene on people that aren’t addicts.”
“You’re addicted to avoiding each other. I know that Rico never visited you in the hospital because he was moping around his room, whining about how he let you get hurt. And right now you won’t even look at each other. You haven’t even acknowledged him, Kate.”
“Do you honestly think I should be the one to acknowledge him first?” Kate asked her seriously. “I think he knows how I feel already. I’m not going to make the first move every time. I’m not stupid.”
Adriana rolled her eyes and looked over at Rico. “What was your response when she told you how she felt?”
Rico grumbled and crossed his arms over his chest in defiance. He was silent for a moment, his eyes focused on the beach outside Kate’s window. After a few seconds, the silence was interrupted with his words. “I told her that we couldn’t; that we can’t do this,” he amended. “I think that we should stop this conversation now, Adriana. I don’t want to upset Kate; I don’t want to hurt her further.”
“Oh, shut up Rico. You’re such a baby. I know how you feel about Kate. I can see it in the way you are with her. Saying that you can’t, doesn’t tell her how you feel. I think that, regardless of whatever excuse you’ve told yourself, Kate needs to hear the truth.” Adriana looked at Kate for confirmation.
Kate stared at Adriana, becoming increasingly embarrassed. She was embarrassed for herself, for Rico, and for Adriana for insisting that this go on.
“Stop it, Adriana.” Kate calmly said the words but her voice quivered with the sparks of annoyance.
Adriana stopped.
“You need to leave,” Kate said. “I don’t need you fighting my battles for me. And frankly, it hurts more when I’m reminded about how Rico feels. Don’t you think it’s hard enough for both of us already? I don’t think we need to make this any more awkward than it already is. We don’t want to be reminded about my feelings. It makes things worse; it makes them harder for everyone involved, especially me.”
Adriana’s red-stained mouth fell open. Kate had never spoken to her like that before. The other times that the girls argued were half-hearted attempts at the truth, but it wasn’t this painful ache of desperation, and it clearly was never this real. “Okay,” Adriana murmured. Silently, she moved closer to the window, opened it, and jumped out. She landed on the deck below, a soft thud amongst the sound of racing hearts.
Kate watched her go, her heart breaking. She began moving around her room, throwing things in her hamper, throwing things onto her counter, attempting to throw things onto her mess of a vanity; most of those things fell onto the floor. Rico watched her the whole time. He only moved when he saw tears falling into the bag that Kate was digging through. His strong arms pulled her up, his hands cupping her wet cheeks. He held her there for a moment longer than he normally would have.
“I hate myself for causing this,” he started. His voice was a whisper that raced over her skin and tangled in her curls. “I’m so sorry for hurting you, but you need to understand that I can’t let myself fall for you, Kate. I just can’t do it.”
“Why not?” Kate asked, her voice trembling. She was beyond caring what he thought of her. She was beyond protecting her pride from nothing. If she truly cared about him, she would always care what he thought but never too much; it’s how her parents were, and it’s how she wanted her love to be.
Rico sighed, and decided that, once again, all Kate needed was the truth. She would always need the truth.
“Kate, have you ever thought about what it would be like to have eternal life?”
“Not really,” she said distractedly. “I was probably the only girl that liked the ending to Tuck Everlasting, though. I was happy that she chose to live, to really live a life - one life.”
Rico smiled. “Do you remember the end of the story when he came back for her?”
Kate looked up into Rico’s eyes, thinking that she knew where he was going with this. “Yes,” she said. “He was upset about her death but happy that she chose to live.”
“Yes, he was. However, the movies don’t show what happens to him after that. If it was you and me, Kate, I wouldn’t be able to stand existing after realizing that you were gone. If I let myself, I could fall into you completely. I can’t do that. I can’t start falling, knowing that you won’t always be around to catch me. Do you understand what I’m saying?”
Rico let go of Kate’s face now, aware that her soft lips were turning blue. He flinched and pushed himself away from her, grabbing the blanket from Kate’s bed and tossing it to her. Kate took it, unaware that she was cold until she started shivering.
“I can’t even touch you without causing hypothermia,” he added angrily. 
“You don’t have to touch me,” Kate whispered. “I don’t care if we hold hands. We don’t even have to kiss or hug. I just want you to be around, Rico. I want to know that it’s okay to feel this way about you.” She looked into Rico’s cobalt eyes, searching his for some hint of affection or caring, something that she could hold on to. 
“Kate,” Rico said, “I can’t. I’m sorry, but I just can’t. You might think I’m strong, but I’m not. I’m not strong when it comes to you.”
Kate sat there, playing with the handles of the now empty bag. She didn’t know what else to say or how to deal with this strange situation. She felt drained, tired from trying to untangle her feelings about Rico. She understood how he felt, though. If the roles were reversed she would be saying the same things he was. 

17

Kate relaxed for the rest of the weekend. Each morning she woke before the sun, slipped on her running shoes and ran along the length of the beach. Afterwards, she would peel off her sweaty clothes and jump into the ocean. For the rest of the afternoon, she sat on a towel in the softest part of the sand, listening to music and reading books. 
At this time, she would allow herself to glaze over her latest conversation with Rico. He was right, and she knew that he would always be right. It wasn’t fair for her to insist that they try forming a relationship. Rico would be the one losing out in the long run; his eternal existence could be spent missing Kate. However, Kate would get older; she would appear older than Rico at some point. How long would they be able to stay together, knowing that one day Kate would be too old? In the end they would both lose everything. 
When Monday morning arrived, Kate found Erik in the kitchen, laughing with her parents. Her mother was cooking an entire continental breakfast. There were already muffins and waffles on the table, not to mention three kinds of juice. She was now frying up bacon and flipping omelets. The kitchen smelled wonderful; it filled the morning air with promise. However, the overall atmosphere was awkward for Kate. Something was weird about this arrangement, but Kate couldn’t figure out if it was just Erik’s persistence from the other night or if it was something more.
After smiling politely at Erik, Kate slipped into the seat across from him. When breakfast was served, she stared at the food in front of her, not knowing where to start. After a moment of hesitation, she went for the bacon first. Kate’s mother rarely cooked real bacon; she was more of a turkey bacon type of person. Kate grabbed a chocolate chip muffin next and poured herself a glass of orange juice. She immediately stuffed her mouth with food so that she didn’t have to talk to anyone. All around Kate, the buzz of adult conversation filled the room, and she fell into her own comfortable silence as she ate.
“So, Kate, do you want to stay long enough to attend school here in the fall?” Great. Erik had caught Kate at a time when she wasn’t chewing.
“I guess so,” Kate replied. “I move so often that it doesn’t really matter to me. I can make friends anywhere I go so I don’t care.”
Erik nodded and leaned over, grabbing a blueberry pancake from the stack. “Do you have any friends here?” he asked as he spread butter across it. 
“Kate made a couple of lovely friends here,” Blaire interjected. “I dare say that these are the closest friends she has ever had. She had her friend stay over here one night. She was a sweet girl and knew a lot about marine biology.”
“Well that sounds nice, Blaire,” Erik said with a smile. “I’m glad that you and Aaron approve of Kate’s friends.”
“Well, that’s the only friend we’ve met, although I think the other one is a boy. What’s his name, honey?” Blaire asked Kate.
Kate gave her mother a sideways glance before speaking. “His name is Rico,” she said.
“Yes, Rico. He seems like a nice kid.” 
“I thought that you hadn’t met Rico yet,” Erik said. His light eyes shone with curiosity and concern. He glanced back and forth between Kate’s parents, waiting for their response.
“Well, Erik, Blaire and I trust our daughter. We know that Kate wouldn’t choose friends that were bad influences,” Aaron interrupted, his voice firm. He stared at Erik, and Kate felt a great deal of pride for her father in that moment. At least Kate wasn’t the only one that thought Erik was funny.
Erik stared back at Aaron, and Kate thought she saw a flash of something in his eyes. She felt a pang of fear flash through her heart and knew that it was for a reason. Kate’s intuition had been correct about Mr. Evans, and she thought that she had grounds for her feelings now. Why was Erik so concerned with Kate? He seemed to ask questions that concerned only her life; he was either a predator or worse, a demon.
Suddenly, there was a knock at the door. Kate nearly jumped in surprise, grabbing her heart as she turned around. Swallowing, Kate stood up quickly, eager to get out of the dining room. She rushed toward the door and opened it, finding Rico on the other side. He leaned against the door frame, arms crossed over his chest, dark sunglasses covering his eyes. He wore black jeans, a faded black t-shirt and a pair of Converse sneakers. 
Kate pushed her way out, nearly shutting the door. 
“There’s a guy in the house,” she whispered. “I need you to tell me if he’s a demon. He seems overly concerned with me and I don’t like it at all.”
Rico’s casual stance grew rigid. He nodded his head and pushed past her into the house without a word. Kate followed him, running in front of him so that she could introduce him before he burst into the room. This was, in fact, the boy that she wanted to one day bring home as her boyfriend; even if that dream was out of reach she didn’t want to tarnish it by letting Rico ruin his first impression.
“Speak of the devil,” she nearly shouted to the room. “Mom, Dad, Erik, this is Rico.” She gestured to Rico as he walked into the kitchen. 
“Oh!” her mother exclaimed, jumping up from her seat and rushing into the kitchen toward them. She grabbed a plate out of the cabinet. 
“Would you like to stay for breakfast?” she asked eagerly. 
“Thank you, ma’am. I would love that,” Rico said, taking the plate from Blaire. He walked over to the table and sat next to Erik, across from Kate’s father. Kate watched as he shook her father’s hand, the mark of a real gentleman.
“He’s hot!” Kate’s mother exclaimed quietly. 
“Hush, mom.” Kate threw her mom a sideways glance, but couldn’t help but smile. “Gosh, he’ll hear you,” she said, fake reprimanding her mother. She looked over at Rico, noting his tousled hair. He did look exceptionally handsome today, his cobalt eyes bright against the monochromatic, black background of his clothes and hair. She watched as he and Erik battled it out in a staring contest; Rico wasn’t happy with Erik, but Kate decided to wait for confirmation before making assumptions. She went over to the table, taking her initial seat. Part of her wanted Rico to sit next to her, but she had no choice; she just had to sit between her parents beforehand. What had she been thinking earlier?
Kate glanced around. Now, the five of them sat around the table barely talking. Kate could almost feel the animosity in the room, a tangible force that slithered around like a vile snake. She could tell that the rest of breakfast would be miserable and very, very long. She hoped it wouldn’t be awkward as well.
“So, Erik, what is it that you do?” Rico inquired suddenly, breaking the silence. He looked into Erik’s eyes warningly. 
“I work at a bank in downtown Tampa. It’s in one of the skyscrapers,” Erik replied.
Rico nodded and grabbed a slice of toast. He took a second to put grape jam on it. Then, he looked back up, glancing at Erik, who was staring Rico down. “Why did you buy a house out here then? It’s got to be a long drive for you in the mornings. What is it, thirty or forty-five minutes on a good day?”
Erik laughed, although it was cold and forced. “I’m too old for that downtown life. There are only young people in that area. I like this area much better. It’s quiet and secluded. And I don’t mind the drive. It takes about thirty minutes, if traffic is good.” The small comment ignited sparks between them, and Rico’s next words ended all real conversation.
“I see,” he said simply.

A very long hour later, Kate stood outside with Rico. He grabbed her hand and pulled her down to the beach, half-dragging, half-supporting her with his grip. He didn’t stop walking until he was at Adriana’s house. Once he was there, he let go of Kate.
Rico twisted and faced the glass wall in the back of the mansion. “Adriana!” he shouted, his voice loud and serious.
Adriana dashed outside, curlers in her hair. She looked worried and deadly at the same time. Her black eyes were swirling with anger and curiosity. “What is it?” she asked as she approached them. “What’s wrong?”
“Have you heard of an Erik before?” Rico described Erik to Adriana. “I feel as though I’ve heard of him before. Why?”
“He works for Kern,” Adriana grumbled. “Why are you asking?” She reached up and pulled a curler from her hair, testing the bounciness. 
Rico rolled his eyes at her and crossed his arms over his chest. “He’s having breakfast with Kate’s family right now.”
“What?” Adriana nearly shouted. She looked around then, and stepped closer. “Tell me everything.”
Rico stepped forward too, tightening the circle. Then, he told Adriana about Erik, and Kate mentioned her first encounter with him. In the middle of the stories, Adriana dragged them all up to her bathroom so that she could get ready for her date with Donovan.
“I’m going to talk to Donovan about this tonight,” Adriana said when she was finished with her hair and makeup. “I need to see what he knows about Erik. We need to know what he’s doing here. Kern usually does his dirty work on his own; it’s what makes him the most dangerous elder demon. If he’s sending men out to watch over Kate, or worse, watch us, then we need to find out what he wants from Kate as quickly as possible. I’m starting to worry that this won’t end well.” 
Adriana turned around and looked at Kate, her dark eyes saddened. “I truly hope that it doesn’t, Kate. I truly care about you.”
Kate smiled and followed Adriana out into the hall. Then, she and Rico followed Adriana downstairs, Rico dragging behind the girls like a lost dog. He stopped at the bottom step and cleared his throat loudly. Kate and Adriana turned to face him.
Rico ran his fingers through his long hair. “We need to keep our eyes on Kate at all times, Adriana.”
Adriana nodded. “Well, you’re staying with her tonight, Rico. We can’t have sleepovers every night while you go out searching for clues. Take a break. Rekindle your friendship. Besides, I have a much-needed date with my husband. Okay?”
“And after tonight?” Rico asked.
“After tonight we’ll devise a plan to protect Kate around the clock. I promise,” Adriana said as she leaned forward and kissed Rico’s cheek. Then, she spun around once to show them both the final product. She looked absolutely perfect in a tight white and black color-block dress that was about three inches too short. She wore patent leather high heels, with spikes and silvery rhinestones covering the back of the heel. Her clutch matched her shoes. Kate smiled when she saw Adriana’s bright orange fingernails.
“Have fun tonight,” Kate shouted as Adriana walked out the front door and onto the cobblestone driveway. The sound of the slamming door echoed around Kate and Rico, and they couldn’t help but to stare at each other. Rico was breathing hard, visibly agitated. Bravely, Kate moved closer to him and touched his lower back, hoping to break him from whatever thought he was tangled in. He looked at her, coming back. 
“I’ll walk you back to your house,” he said simply, his blue eyes already off somewhere else. “I’ll meet you in your room when the sun falls.”
For the rest of the day, Kate sat with her parents, hanging out with them in the living room. They watched movies and ate snacks, and even baked dessert together. Kate enjoyed hearing her father mumble about Erik and his odd questions and disliked that her mother kept defending him. When the sun finally fell below the horizon, she feigned drowsiness and went upstairs to her room.
Kate walked in to find that Rico was already there, freshly showered, the ends of his hair curling as it dried. Kate noticed that his cobalt eyes were stormy again and wondered when she would see them shine. He was walking around the room, checking the surroundings much like Adriana had. Kate went into her bathroom and showered while he did this. When she emerged, Rico was reading the book he had started the last time he was in her bedroom.
“You look nice when your cheeks are flushed,” Rico observed.
“Thank you,” Kate said, trying hard not to get her hopes up for no reason. She felt like he was being honest with his words, but at the same time, he didn’t want to be completely honest with his feelings for her. It scared her, the way his words crawled through her veins like liquid fire. It scared her, yet made her hopeful for something more.
Rico stuck his index finger in the book he was reading to mark his place. He was almost halfway finished with Pride and Prejudice. Kate wondered if he had known Jane Austen, or any other writer for that matter. Once again, she found herself wondering about his past. 
“What are you thinking about?” he asked.
“How do you always know what I’m doing?” she tossed back.
Rico laughed. “I don’t, but you always bite your lower lip when you think.”
Kate’s cheeks reddened further. Did she do that? She found herself biting her lip and laughed; Rico laughed with her. It sounded natural, their laughter, and the way it danced around the room made Kate feel as though they would still feel close, even in another life or existence. She would still fall for Rico and, hopefully, he would fall for her.
“I guess I never noticed before,” Kate said as she pushed her damp curls behind her ear.
Rico nodded, leaning back. He stretched his legs and rested his right leg on his left knee, holding it there with his hands. His leg bounced up and down, matching the beat of Kate’s heart. “That’s normal. Most people don’t know much about themselves.”
“I guess so,” Kate said as she sat down on the edge of the bed and faced Rico. She let her fingers trace the floral patterns in her soft blanket. She could sense Rico’s eyes on her but she wouldn’t look up at him. 
“Have you thought about your talisman, Kate?” Rico asked a minute later. His voice was all business now.
“I have,” she said honestly. “I don’t know what to choose. I thought about something that my parents gave me but realized that it wasn’t right. I tried to find something that I found myself, or did by myself, but can’t find anything there either. There isn’t anything tying my soul to this world.”
“What about your dad’s fedora? You love that thing,” Rico suggested. 
“I thought about that, but it doesn’t work either.”
“Why not?”
Kate shrugged. “Last year, when we lived in Australia, I lost it. I found it, of course, later, but when it was lost I wasn’t upset or angry or sad; in fact, I didn’t really care about it. Instead, I went looking for another piece of my father, something else that I could wear that reminded me of him.” Kate looked up at Rico and bit the inside of her cheek while she shook her head. “It’s not the hat, Rico; it’s my dad. And I can’t shrink him and carry him in my pocket.” She leaned back, dejected.
“I understand,” Rico said. He looked at her thoughtfully, his head tilted to the side as he watched her. His blue eyes traced the edges of her face, the curve of her nose, the damp curls that soaked her tank top.
“Rico?” Kate asked so that she could stop the racket of her incessant heartbeat. She tried to look down so that she could hide her blush, but it didn’t work very well. She could see his small smile from beneath her thick eyelashes; it made her want to smile back. 
“Yes?” Rico asked, his voice serious once more. The sound of it helped to calm Kate, and she looked up, ready to ask her question.
“What is it like to not have parents?”
Rico looked down at the book and shut it all the way. He put it back on the highest shelf, using the time to think about what he should say and how he should say it. “Well, technically, Darkness is my parent. I guess in the sense that you’re thinking, though, I wouldn’t have one.” Rico pulled in a deep breath before continuing. “I guess it’s hard. I never had anyone there to tell me that I was good or bad, right or wrong. I never had someone there to cheer me on when I did something well, or someone there to make me feel better when I messed up. I guess I sort of have someone like that now, though. I think that, in the end, all you need is someone to care about you.”
“You’re talking about Adriana, aren’t you?” Kate asked.
Rico nodded. “Yes. She helps me a lot. We talk about you a lot. She helps me through my problems. I mean, I want to make sure that I’m not doing this wrong. I want to be able to save you without letting my thoughts, feelings or opinions get in the way. She helps me through it. She always has; she always will.”
Kate sat there for a moment, silent. She messed with her fingernails while she tried to muster up the courage needed to ask her next question, and in the end, decided that she would rather not regret it. “How and when did you meet Adriana?”
Rico let out a long, low sigh. “I can’t tell you, Kate. I’m sorry.”
“But I don’t understand why. I’ve already told you that my feelings toward you won’t change, Rico. I know you believe me, so why can’t you just let me in?”
Rico looked into her eyes, commanding her attention. His bright eyes looked sad, as if filled with regret, and Kate felt bad for asking him. Maybe Rico didn’t want to relive his past the way Adriana and Donovan had; maybe he didn’t want to remember who he had been. He always seemed to be teetering on the edge of something powerful, whether it was sadness or anger or worry. Rico could almost be unstable at times, with the way he let his emotions get the best of him. Maybe he didn’t want this to be one of those times.
“I’m sorry,” Kate started to say.
Rico answered her with a shake of his head. Then, he moved, repositioning himself on the chair so that he could pull a necklace out of his pocket. He held it up, letting Kate look at it. The chain was silver, made of dozens of small circular links that interlocked; on the end of it hung a small, dark sphere. Rico sat up and held the sphere under the light, and Kate watched in amazement as a hundred rays of light materialized. They stretched from the center of the sphere, which Kate now realized was some sort of jewel. She lifted her hand up slowly and touched its surface. The black jewel was smooth and cool. Rico let the jewel spin around, allowing the rays of light to bounce off of the walls, swirling like a sunlit disco ball. 
“It’s meant to remind me that there is always light, even in darkness,” Rico said softly, his voice filled with emotion.
“Where did you get it?” Kate whispered, focusing her attention on Rico’s face.
Rico looked deeply into her eyes. “It’s a stone from Lilith. I stole it and brought it to Earth when Darkness brought us here. Years later I found this chain on the ground after an especially brutal battle. I kept the chain to remind me of the pain I caused. When I chose to keep it as a reminder, it was because I relished in the pain that I inflicted. Now, it symbolizes my guilt and regret.” 
Kate watched as Rico carefully put the necklace back in his pocket. When he looked back up, his gaze was steely, matter-of-fact like his voice had been moments before. He seemed to be holding himself still, but the tension in his muscles was visible, like one false movement would make him shatter. He looked weak and deadly at the same time.
Rico licked his lips and blinked, bringing himself back to Kate’s room. He gave her a small, wary smile before adding more to his previous story. 
“As you know by now, all demons were monsters when we lived on Lilith, myself included. We didn’t know any better. I guess you can say that we have a neglectful parent,” Rico smirked and paused, taking a deep breath.
Kate took this chance to interrupt him. “Rico, you don’t have to tell me this,” she said. “I know that I wanted this before – I even thought that I needed it – but I can see that it’s hurting you. Please stop, I don’t need to know this anymore. You’re right; it doesn’t matter. Not to me. Not anymore.”
“No,” Rico whispered. His dark hair fell over his forehead as he shook his head back and forth. “You were right, Kate. If you are to feel anything for me, I want to know that it is for my past, present, and future. I want to know that you feel everything that I am. I want you to fall in love with all of me.”
“Body and soul,” Kate whispered.
“What did you say?” Rico tilted his head to the side, confused.
Kate blushed. “It’s called body and soul,” she managed through shallow breaths. “Loving someone that much is loving them body and soul.”
“Of course,” Rico said sarcastically. He offered another grin. “They would use that terminology, wouldn’t they?”
“Oh,” Kate said as the blush spread across her nose. “I’m sorry, I wasn’t thinking.”
Rico smiled but it didn’t quite reach his eyes. Then, without a word, he readjusted himself so that he was lying on his side; his head rested on his open hand. Rico looked over at Kate and patted the bed in front of him, letting her know that she could lie down next to him. Kate moved slowly, carefully, until she lay on her back and looked up into his eyes. It was exciting, being this close to Rico, and she felt her heart fluttering because of his proximity. At the same time, though, she felt almost afraid of being this close. She knew the consequences of their closeness and she didn’t want it to ruin their friendship, no matter how awkward or strange it was.
Rico smiled down at her before continuing. “When I was placed on this planet, I rebelled. I hated humans. I thought that they were worthless, parasitic beings. I watched them steal from and kill each other. I took this knowledge, that humans would harm each other, and used it as my excuse to harm them. I took human lives in war and whenever someone upset me. Back then, I was a monster.” His voice came out as a whisper now, and Kate bit the inside of her cheek, hoping that he wouldn’t stop now.
Rico swallowed and pushed his hair from his cobalt eyes. “One day, when I was roaming through the forest, I saw a pair of lovers.” He flinched at his words but kept moving. “They were so consumed with each other physically and emotionally, and I couldn’t understand how they connected in both manners, because until then I had only witnessed a physical satisfaction,” he said as a pink blush crept across his straight nose. “That was the first soul I took.”
Rico looked into Kate’s grey eyes, searching her thoughts. Kate could sense his fear, his worry at her reaction. All she did was nod, a silent okay to continue. He did.
“I’ve taken many souls; I’ve taken so many that I lost count over the millennia. Even after the treaty, I took souls. I craved the love, the emotions; I craved everything about being human, right down to their physical weakness and their inability to remember things. I wanted it all, as long as it meant that I was able to have a soul. 
I searched for evidence that supported my desires. I hoped to find a shred of information that could lead me to a soul of my own. I figured that until then, I would share one with a human host. You see, I couldn’t understand that it was wrong of me to steal from others, especially when I wanted it for myself. I knew that if I had a soul I wouldn’t want anyone to take it, but I didn’t generalize that information and think about it when I took the soul of another.” 
Suddenly, Rico moved so that he sat up. He faced away from Kate while he looked out the window. His thoughts roamed in a different era, a different life. Kate wanted to reach out, to make him feel better about who he had been, but she didn’t see how she could. Rico seemed lost, stuck inside a world of self-hatred. She could tell that he hated telling her, hated her seeing the darkest parts of his soul, but it changed nothing for her. Rico was still Rico. He would always be Rico.
Rico licked his lips. He let out a shaky breath. Then, he glanced over his shoulder at Kate. His cobalt eyes were filled with that familiar storm, but he still smiled down at her. He still held on to his kindness, the goodness within his heart.
“When Adriana found me,” he said, “I was living in India. The people in the slums give in easily. They don’t mind giving their souls over to you. The people there, though, are weakened by starvation and dehydration. They don’t last long. I would take another soul every couple of days. Adriana found out about me, my reckless behavior.” Rico sighed and lay back down, turning to face Kate once more. “She came to kill me,” he whispered. His words pulled him back into his torturous memories, and Kate saw his eyes clouding over. Then, quick as lightning, he pulled himself out of it.
“However,” he said after blinking several times, “as you can see, Adriana and I work on the same team now. I am like Donovan in every way when it comes to Adriana. She saved me from myself. I thank her for it each day; I thank her for giving me another chance to exist, to change who I was and become who I wanted to be. She still listens out for news of how to obtain a soul without possessions. She does that for me, because that’s all I really want. There are rumors that it can be done, but that’s where it ends.”
Rico stopped speaking and looked at Kate. They looked into each other’s eyes for a moment but didn’t talk. Kate could tell that Rico was reading her thoughts, and she attempted to read his as well. She saw the storms break; she saw same calm blue that shimmered in his eyes the night they drank coffee together. Kate loved seeing his cobalt eyes like this. She loved knowing that his thoughts weren’t swirling around evil memories; she wanted him to stay like this forever, to remain open to her and her heart.
She knew that it wouldn’t, though. She knew it would end within moments; for now, all she could do was try to hold on to it. “Thank you again for telling me about your life,” she said after a moment of silence.
Rico smiled and lifted his fingers, flexing them. He tilted his head and bit his lower lip. Then, he reached forward and ran his fingers through the ends of her hair, untangling her curls. A shock of electricity bolted through Kate’s veins; a nervous, yet calming, energy rushed from her heart and into her body. She liked the feeling of his hands running through her hair. It felt good even though he wasn’t really touching her. She could live like this, she thought as she savored the feeling of his hands almost touching her.
“Your hair is so soft,” Rico said bravely. He pushed Kate’s hair over her shoulder, lightly touching her cheek, making sure that he pulled away quickly. Kate closed her eyes, enjoying his touch, and fell asleep within a few minutes. Rico placed a pillow under Kate’s head and tucked her in tightly. Turning away, he reached for his book. Something stopped him, though, and he turned back around.
Without hesitation, Rico leaned forward and kissed Kate lightly on her forehead. Then, he picked up Pride and Prejudice and read while he kept watch.

18

Kate was standing in the middle of the street again. This time it was foggy like it had been the day of her accident. She kept looking around, searching for signs of a car, and jogged to the side of the road, afraid that this dream world had the potential to hurt her in real life. Kate walked slowly, barely able to see what was two feet in front of her. She had no idea where she was headed; the fog enveloped her in a bubble that kept the rest of her surroundings hidden from view. She shivered, despite the heat, but kept walking. She knew from her previous dreams that she would be shown something important.
Up ahead, something shimmered in the sunlight. The surface was golden, the light a beacon in the shadows. Kate headed toward it, eager to release herself from the fog’s grasp. A moment later, the shimmering light turned into a shape, and Kate realized that she was looking at the telescope that she previously found at the log cabin. Kate’s heart beat furiously as she looked around. Why was she able to see the cabin here? Why wasn’t she able to see it in real life?
Kate moved closer and stepped through the fog. She shook her head disbelievingly. It wasn’t the log cabin anymore; the ramshackle house stood in front of her now. What was going on?
Suddenly, the scene shifted. Kate was standing on the front porch of the house directly in front of the log cabin. She could see it clearly here. Inside, her heart beat calmly, the pieces shifting in her mind as she organized her thoughts. The pieces clicked together, and Kate smiled a beautifully determined smile.

Kate’s eyes fluttered open. The first thing she saw was Rico; he had fallen asleep in her pale green reading chair. His features were smooth, his expression peaceful; there was nothing that darkened his thoughts or crept into his dreams. Kate hated to wake him but knew that she had no choice. She couldn’t figure this out on her own. Not this time.
Kate slipped off the bed and shook Rico gently. He stirred before opening his eyes. She watched as he stretched and stood up before saying anything to her. She could tell that he wasn’t really a morning person. “What’s wrong, Kate?” he asked, finally taking in her slightly disheveled appearance, her messy curls and ashen face. 
Kate steeled herself, knowing that she had to open up to him. He had opened up to her. It was her turn now. “I had a dream, Rico. It was about Erik.”
“A dream?” he asked.
“Actually,” she said, tiptoeing around the issue, trying to figure out how to say it. “I think it might have been a vision of some sort.” Kate held her breath, waiting for Rico’s laughter or denial or worse. Instead, she was pleasantly met with an acceptance.
“Okay,” Rico said as he sat up and leaned forward, elbows resting on his knees and hands clasped together. “Tell me everything you saw.”
Kate decided to back things up a bit and first told Rico about what she had seen during her first vision. She told him about the log cabin and the telescopes. She told him that she was hit by Donovan’s car because she had gone down to investigate, only to find the worn down house. Then, she told Rico about the dream she had just woken from. “What do you think it means?” she asked when she was finished.
“I didn’t think it was possible,” Rico muttered.
“What isn’t possible, Rico?”
Rico looked into Kate’s eyes then, and she could see a touch of fear in his. Kate grew worried, knowing that if Rico was afraid then she should be terrified. “Dark magic,” he said softly. “Kern must be using Darkness’ powers, harnessing them as his own. It’s the only way that Erik would have been able to hide the true identity of the house from you, from everyone that walked by it.”
Kate thought for a moment. She didn’t want him to take all of her words as is. He needed to see for himself. “Shouldn’t we go see if we can see the real thing before tossing out answers?” she asked him. “What if we can see it? What if I’m wrong about this?”
Rico shook his head as he sat down again. He looked up at Kate, then took her hands into his own and squeezed them gently. He took a deep breath before speaking. “Adriana and I have suspected that you have special abilities. Do you remember the day that we first met?”
Kate nodded. 
“I wasn’t looking at the trash that you left on the ground. I was looking at the picture that you drew next to where you sat. Do you remember drawing something in the sand, Kate?”
Kate’s heart pounded. She wasn’t ready to tell Rico. She wasn’t ready for him to see the darkness that lurked within her own soul. She had just barely gotten a hold on him, and she wasn’t going to let him go. Who cared about what she said earlier? It would never be the truth, the whole truth, and nothing but the truth. In the end, she still cared too much about what he thought. In the end, she was still too afraid to tell him everything. What a hypocrite.
Kate pulled in a deep breath in an attempt to steady her erratic heartbeat. “No, I don’t remember drawing anything,” she said firmly. She needed to sound as honest as possible and hoped that Rico couldn’t feel her pulse skip a few beats.
Instead of calling her out, Rico nodded. “I thought so,” he said.
“What did I draw?” Kate asked, even though she knew the answer.
“You drew the Earth, Kate. It was ablaze. Are you certain that these dreams are the only ones you’ve had so far? You haven’t had any about the Earth?”
“Not yet,” she said. 
Rico nodded at Kate’s response and stood up. “You were right,” he said as he walked to the door. “We need to go check this out. I’ll call Adriana and ask her to meet us there. Hopefully she’s not too tangled up in Donovan to come.”

They met on the beach behind the house across from Erik’s. Adriana, for once, was wearing a pair of black jean shorts, her feet shoved into a pair of Vans. Her raven hair was tossed into a bun that sat on top of her head, and she wore minimal makeup. Kate had scampered around her room that morning and was now standing in a plain tank top and linen shorts, her wild curls pulled back in a half-hearted attempt at a ponytail. 
Rico and Kate quickly filled Adriana in on what they were doing. Adriana kept gasping and shaking her head the whole time, and when Rico mentioned dark magic, Adriana almost stumbled backward. Kate was getting the idea that dark magic was very, very bad.
“What are we going to do, Rico?” Adriana asked when they finished telling her. She followed them as they snuck up the side of the house.
“I don’t know,” Rico hissed as he looked back at her. “Does Donovan have any knowledge of dark magic? Was he able to tell you anything about Erik last night?”
“I’ll ask him about the dark magic when I go back home. And I’ll tell you and Kate what he said about Erik when we’re done sneaking around.” Adriana pushed Kate forward gently, making sure to pull away quickly. For a moment, Kate almost forgot that her best friend was a demon and sighed inwardly at the notion that she couldn’t have any human friends. Humans were just too trivial for her, she guessed. Demons were concerned about more important things, like life and death.
The group fell silent then, and Rico hopped over the banister and onto the front porch silently. He pulled Kate over, with Adriana pushing her up as though Kate weighed ten pounds. Kate reached her hand out so that Adriana could take it, but Adriana was already standing next to her. Kate looked at her curiously, and Adriana flashed a gorgeous smile. “Demons are stronger than we look,” she stated before turning around and crouching.
Kate, Rico, and Adriana ducked down and practically crawled across the wooden floor. Kate’s heart beat with excitement mixed with a hint of fear. This was the first time that they had actually done something worthwhile. She felt like a detective of sorts, like Sherlock going in for the biggest clue. 
When the three of them reached the center of the porch, they poked their heads up over the edge and looked across the street. The log cabin was there, and even more grand than Kate had imagined it. They gasped in unison, finally grasping at the tiniest piece of the truth.
“Well, well. Who shall I charge for breaking and entering?” 
Surprised, Kate looked back to see Erik. He was standing behind the three of them on the porch; the front door was wide open behind him. “You live over here too?” Kate asked him, her brows knit in confusion.
“Of course I had to purchase this house, Kate. The weakest point of an illusion is always right in front of it. I couldn’t risk anyone seeing what I had done to the place.” Erik gestured to the large home once more. His smile was triumphant, menacing, like he had already won.
Rico and Adriana stood up, pulling Kate up between them. They each stood in front of her, flanking her, she realized. They were protecting her as if they were fearful of an attack. Kate stepped back involuntarily and hit her back against the railing.
“Be careful, little Kate.” Erik’s voice was deep and condescending. Kate could tell that he hated her, and probably hated humans, by the tone of his voice. “I would hate to see you get hurt. We need you as strong as possible.”
“What do you need her for?” Adriana asked him.
Erik chuckled. “Do you honestly think I would let you in on the secret, Adriana? I’ve heard all about you. You’re the demon who pretends that she is a human. You save miserable human lives. Why do you even try when you haven’t been successful?”
“Just because we’re demons doesn’t mean we have to be monsters,” Adriana spat in response. “Humans belonged here first. We’re lucky that we’ve been invited to stay this long.”
Erik laughed once more. It was a slow, methodical sound. “You are absolutely crazy,” he said, his voice deep and rough. “Humans are worthless. Even Rico here knows that it’s true. Don’t you Rico?”	
“I’ve made mistakes,” Rico started.
“Yes,” Erik interrupted. “You’ve made millions of mistakes. Tell me, does Kate know about your millions of mistakes? Does she know that you were on our side once? Does she know how much power flows through your veins?”
“Kate knows everything about me, Erik. There’s nothing to hide from her. There’s nothing that you can reveal that she doesn’t already know.”
“But do you know that she still hides things from you?” Erik asked Rico.
Rico glanced sideways at Kate. Kate blushed furiously but spoke up. “I’ve told him everything that was important,” she said. 
“You dare lie to me, Kate?” Erik challenged. “What’s worse, lying to someone you barely know or someone that you’re falling in love with? Let’s decide this together, okay?”
“Shut up,” Adriana spat, butting in. “Kate tells us everything we need to hear. You can’t tear us apart. We’re going to protect her no matter what. We don’t care if it means life or death, Erik. As long as we get rid of your shadow of a boss.”
Erik laughed even louder this time. He turned to Kate once more. “They don’t care about you, Kate. They only care about destroying Kern. They will sacrifice you if it means that they are one step closer to killing him.”
Suddenly, Rico sprung forward and knocked into Erik. Erik’s body hit the wall behind him with a sickening crunch. Rico pulled his arm back and released a fury of punches that Kate could tell hurt. Adriana moved in front of Kate protectively. She crouched, waiting.
It looked like Rico would win, like the fight would be too easy, but just as Kate was beginning to feel a sense of relief, Erik caught one of Rico’s punches and twisted his arm. Rico fell to one knee, and Kate watched in horror as Erik began kicking Rico’s stomach. 
“Stop!” she screamed. “Stop, please! You’re hurting him!” 
Erik paused. He looked at Kate and flashed a dangerous smile. He let go of Rico, and Kate watched as Rico fell to the floor. A sudden gust of wind swirled around Kate, and she watched as a strange fog began to roll in. Kate’s knees buckled, suddenly too weak to hold her up. The fog began to close in and Kate could feel it caressing her skin. It was cold and Kate watched as icicles clung to her hair. She looked into Erik’s eyes, at his almost all-white eyes, and felt true fear. He was using dark magic to harm Kate, to kill her. This was going to be it; this was going to be the end of living.
Somewhere in front of Kate, Adriana sprung up and pounced toward Erik. She crashed into him, knocking him back into the wall. The fog dissipated and Kate was left gasping. Rico, who had come back sometime during the attack from the fog, rushed to her side but wouldn’t touch her. He kept asking her to look at him, but for some reason Kate couldn’t process the information. She sat there, holding herself, not seeing or hearing anything.
“Rico,” Adriana warned. “Kate needs help.” She was still working toward disarming Erik, her small arms choking him until he passed out completely. His limp body slammed against the wooden planks.
Kate focused on Rico, who just sat there, shaking his head back and forth, muttering something about being too cold to touch Kate. In another moment, she felt Adriana’s arms encircle her. Adriana lifted her up and jumped off the porch. She began running for her house, the wind rushing over Kate with the force of a hurricane. 
Minutes later, Kate was tumbled onto Adriana’s bathroom floor. Adriana was barking orders to Rico and Donovan, telling them to draw a hot bath. Kate watched, without really seeing, as Donovan began to pour salts and drop herbs into the tub while Rico turned the water on and checked the temperature.
Adriana began tearing Kate’s clothes off of her body, leaving Kate in her bra and underwear. When the bath was ready, she gently set Kate into the steaming water. She held Kate’s head back and poured the water over her hair. She began to hum a slow melody, calming everyone down in the room.
Slowly, Kate’s eyes began to focus. She blinked furiously, zeroing in on Adriana. Adriana grabbed Kate’s face in her hands and looked into Kate’s grey eyes. “Kate?” she asked. “Kate, can you understand me?”
Kate watched as large tears slid down Adriana’s cheeks. She lifted a hand up and wiped them away, leaving Adriana’s face more wet than before. Adriana pulled Kate into a quick, fierce embrace and sobbed. Kate comforted Adriana by rubbing her hand along Adriana’s back. “I’m okay now,” she said sweetly, calmly.
A voice broke through the silence. “I’m so sorry, Kate. I never meant to let him hurt you.” Kate focused on Rico who sat with his head in his hands. “I’m so sorry,” he repeated.
Kate watched Rico, barely noticing as Donovan and Adriana walked out, leaving the two of them alone.  “I’m feeling fine,” Kate said, even though she knew it wouldn’t help.
“You’re not fine, Kate. You almost died. I was too weak to fight him.”
“He was using dark magic, Rico. You couldn’t have done anything more than what you already did, so stop beating yourself up. I saw the look on your face when you mentioned the dark magic, Rico. It’s worse than I ever could have imagined. I know you did the best you could.”
“I could have tried harder,” he said. “I didn’t try hard enough.”
Kate sighed, releasing her frustration and fear in a single exhalation. “Yes you did, Rico. You tried with everything you had. I know it.”
Rico shook his head but never lifted it up. He stayed there, staring at the floor, his dark hair hanging over his eyes, shielding his handsome face from Kate. She could picture him, his cobalt eyes stormy, his full lips pressed together in a straight line of anger and pain. He was everything to her, and she couldn’t stand to hear the pain in his voice, not like this, not when it was something she could fix.
Kate stood up and stepped over the edge of the tub, dripping water onto the floor. She wrapped a towel around her body and walked over to Rico. Kate put her hand on his shoulder and squeezed it once. He looked up at her and pulled her into him. His arms wrapped around her waist; his head rested against her stomach. “I can’t lose you,” he mumbled.
“You’ll never lose me,” Kate said. She let her fingers run through his hair, her fingernails traced down the back of his neck. “You’ll never lose me,” she repeated in a whisper.
Rico lifted his head up and pulled his arms away from Kate. He looked into her eyes, his cobalt eyes resigned. “It’s too late,” he said as he wrapped his damp arms around himself. “It doesn’t matter what I say anymore. I can say that I can’t do this but I already have. I can’t stop falling, and I’m tired of making myself try. I’m tired of pretending that I don’t want to be with you. I’m tired of pushing you away.”
“I don’t want you to pretend, Rico.” Kate’s words came out as a whisper, a voice softer than the summer wind. “I never wanted you to.” 
Kate shivered once, and Rico’s eyes grew suddenly serious. “Get back in the bathtub,” he ordered. “I’ll stay in here,” he said more gently. “I promise.”
Kate nodded and did as she was told, making him turn around as she got in. She might love watching shows that showed teenagers with babies, but she wasn’t interested in anything that had to do with that kind of silliness. When Kate was completely covered by the steaming water, she allowed Rico to turn around again.

19

Adriana and Donovan were sitting at the kitchen table with mugs of coffee when Kate and Rico walked downstairs. Kate sat down next to them while Rico made her some hot tea with cinnamon. When he lowered the cup in front of her and sat down, Donovan began speaking. “I know a lot about Erik,” he said after taking a sip of his steaming drink. “We worked together, leading the armies. He was one of my clients; he would call me to weaken the humans. He needed them weakened in order to take their souls.” Donovan smirked at Rico, the two sharing a moment. “He expressed a deep interest in dark magic, claiming that Darkness himself would grant it to us in times of need. His was a need for power. He planned to one day take over this planet. He wanted to watch the demons destroy the human race, to claim this planet as our own. In the end, all I saw was his thirst to destroy another planet. I knew he would take this planet and make it into the deathtrap Lilith was. I couldn’t let him do that willingly,” he said as he glanced at Adriana. “I just couldn’t be a part of that.”
Adriana smiled up at Donovan and squeezed his arm.
Donovan turned back to Kate and Rico. “Erik didn’t care about that fact that the demons would eventually destroy Earth. He was focused on destroying the humans, not caring to face the consequences that would soon follow. He did attempt to recruit followers, but most demons don’t want to destroy the human race. Most demons want the freedom to possess humans without the fear of destroying themselves. Needless to say, Erik didn’t gather many followers. 
The last day I saw him was the day he went to join Kern. He said that he would follow another leader until the day came that he could lead himself. He claimed that he would use his dark magic to control the demons, to ensure that they did what he wanted. He promised not to control me, if, when the time came, I rose to stand by his side. I never thought that day would come, but I fear that it will come all too soon.”
“What about dark magic?” Rico asked him. “What do you know of it?”
“I know that it has the strength to kill humans and demons alike. It is the only thing, other than an exorcism, that can kill a demon. A demon that possesses and masters dark magic, however, is indestructible. He is essentially omnipotent, a true immortal.”
“I thought that Light and Darkness could kill demons.” Kate interrupted. She leaned forward, taking it all in, hoping to gather something that could help her with her personal problems, like lying about the burning world.
“They can,” Donovan answered. “I didn’t include them because they would almost never kill a human or demon on their own. I know that Darkness would get another to do his bidding, and Light would never kill of his own accord. He would, instead, further protect the ones he loves.”
Kate nodded.
“What if a demon possesses dark magic but doesn’t master it?” Rico asked in an attempt to get everyone back on track.
Donovan shrugged. “Another demon can steal his power.”
Kate blurted, “How does that happen?”
Donovan looked into the eyes of Adriana and Rico before speaking. “I have heard that this is the way but have never seen it done,” he said. “To take another demon’s dark magic, a demon must possess the soul that the dark magic user possesses. He must steal the soul from another demon.”
“Is that even possible?” Adriana asked.
“I’ve never heard of that,” Rico admitted.
“They say that is how it’s done. I don’t know much else about it. I’m sorry that I couldn’t give you any more information. This is all I have.”
Adriana squeezed Donovan’s arm and stood up to kiss his cheek. She ran her fingers through his sandy hair. “You’ve given us all we need, darling. You can leave now,” she said as she turned back to Rico.
“Thank you,” Donovan said as he stood up from the table. He turned and kissed Adriana on the mouth, hard. Kate looked away and blushed, embarrassed at this display of passion. Adriana sat down a moment later, flushed.
“What are we going to do?” Rico asked.
“What do you think we’re going to do, Rico? We’re going to possess Erik’s soul. We have to. Oh, and when I say we, I mean you.”
“Whoa. I’m not possessing any more souls,” Rico said angrily. “What about Donovan? Erik won’t suspect a thing.”
“You’re the only one here that’s an elder demon, Rico. You’re the only one with the strength to do this,” Adriana tried to reason. Her voice rose as she grew upset, afraid for Rico and Donovan both; however, she was less willing to watch her husband die.
“Don’t forget that your innocent husband helped other demons possess souls, Adriana. He should try one for himself. I’m done with possessions.” Rico’s voice was hard and firm. 
“Look Rico, you’re the only one here that’s possessed humans, period. You possessed them before and after the treaty. You’re the only one who can do this without dying,” Adriana retorted.
“Listen,” Rico began.
“Stop it, both of you,” Kate interrupted. “You’re going around in circles.” Kate stood up, knowing that she needed to command the attention in the room. “This won’t go anywhere if you keep arguing. You both know that. So the first thing we need to do is figure out whether Erik has mastered dark magic. If he’s mastered it then we’re screwed.”
“He hasn’t, Kate,” Adriana said in her matter-of-fact voice. “Couldn’t you tell?”
“Erik’s magic ceased when Adriana ran into him. As soon as he lost focus, the magic stopped doing his bidding,” Rico stated.
“Are you saying that the demon that masters dark magic can use it from anywhere?” Kate asked warily. “Because that’s what it sounds like.”
“Yes,” Rico said as he nodded. “He can use it against a human or demon halfway across the world. He can use it when he is distracted. He can use it no matter what.”
“Wait,” Adrianna interjected. “What if he plans on killing Kern? We won’t have to go after Kern if he does.”
Rico sighed loudly. “Adriana, don’t you hear what you’re saying? If Erik gains the power to kill Kern, he will be unstoppable. A true immortal. We don’t want that for any demon, much less him.”
“Fine,” Adriana grumbled. “I wasn’t thinking it through.”
“Now,” Rico said as he brought the conversation full circle, “let’s figure out who’s doing all the possessing.”
“I swear, Rico, that it won’t be Donovan. He won’t do it,” Adriana whined. 
“So it automatically goes to me?” Rico asked, offended.
Kate interrupted once more, annoyed with the pair of them. “Listen someone has to do it, okay? And, frankly, I’m tired of you two arguing. You can run around pointing fingers all day and all night. But I have a better plan. So listen.”
Rico and Adriana leaned in closely as Kate told them her plan. It would take a while, and they would have to be patient, but she knew it would work. She knew that it was the only way to finish this thing, once and for all. Now, all they had to do was wait until it was time to strike.

When Kate got home that evening, her mom was making a small dinner. “Where’s Dad?” Kate asked as she strolled into the dining room and grabbed a water bottle from the refrigerator. She took a big swig of the ice cold water before turning to face her mom.
“He has to work late for the next couple of nights,” Blaire said with a shrug. “He said that he might just stay at the office if it gets too late.”
“He has a place to sleep there?” Kate knit her brows, concerned.
“Of course, baby. He wouldn’t stay if he didn’t have a place to sleep,” Blaire said. “Why are you so concerned about your father all of a sudden?”
“I was just curious,” Kate said honestly. She knew her mom was right, though. Whenever her father had a lot of work to do on a case, he would just stay at the office all night. Kate was used to it by now and remembered one time when he was working on a tough murder trial; he stayed at the office all the time. One time, he stayed for a whole week researching a single piece of evidence. He found what he needed, though, and ended up winning the trial.
“What are we eating for dinner, Mom?” Kate asked to change the subject. She didn’t really want to focus on murder trials when she was fighting for her mortal life.
Blaire tiled her head to the side, thinking. “I think that since it’s a girl’s night we could have grilled cheese and tomato soup. What do you think?”
Kate answered by rushing to the cabinet and pulling out the cheese crackers. She rummaged through the top drawer in the refrigerator and yanked out some pepperoni and shredded cheese. She collected her supplies and set them on the kitchen table. “I’d say I’m pretty excited,” she said, turning around. She smiled over at her mother, who was putting a pot on the stove.
“So, baby, how are your friends doing? I haven’t seen them around lately,” Blaire asked while she waited for the soup to heat up.
“They’re good. I really like it here, Mom. I love my new friends, and I think I could be happy here,” Kate added even though she knew that there was no chance that the family would remain in the small town indefinitely. Blaire’s job took her all over the world and the family would relocate at some point. Besides, there was no point thinking about staying in one place just to stay with Rico and Adriana; they would leave when Kern was killed or when Kern ran away after he successfully possessed or killed Kate. Either way, Kate was alone, but, for some reason, Dolphin Bay felt like home.
Blaire stirred the tomato soup. “I’m glad, honey. I think we’ll be here for a while. You might get to stay with your friends for a couple years, at the most.”
“Yeah,” Kate sighed. “At the most.”
“Now Kate, I apologize for putting you through this, but…” Blaire started.
Kate sighed before continuing. “Your work is super important for the ocean, for the environment, for life as we know it. I know, Mom. I’ve heard this before. But just once, I would love for you to put yourself in my shoes.”
“But you’ve loved moving,” Blaire stated.
“Mom, I’ve never had friends before!” Kate nearly shouted.
“What about the girls in Australia, Kate? They were your friends.”
“No they weren’t. You don’t know anything about my life, Mom. Dad was always the one that cared. He was the one to take off work or pick me up after a disastrous evening. You were too busy with work to care about my life.”
“That’s not true, Kate. I love you,” Blair interjected.
“No, Mom. You don’t know what you’re talking about. I would say that you should ask Dad, but he wouldn’t want to hurt your feelings. He loves you too much to tell you the truth about me.” With that, Kate stood up and left the room. She couldn’t sit there and argue with her mother about something that would never be fixed. She knew that they couldn’t fix something that Blaire didn’t think was broken, and realizing that made everything much worse, because Kate wanted it fixed; she desperately wanted it fixed. Kate turned around one last time when she reached the bottom of the steps, glancing over at her mom who worked quietly as she finished cooking their dinner. Kate couldn’t eat right now, so she trudged up the stairs, keeping her tears behind her eyes until she was safe in her bedroom.
That night, Kate had no dreams and was able to wake up the next day well rested. When she finally forced herself to get out of bed, she ran down the stairs, hoping to catch her mother before she left. 
That didn’t happen. Kate bit her cheek as a surge of guilt rushed through her veins. She should have gone downstairs to eat with her mom, but instead, she left her all alone. Kate did plan on apologizing this morning, hoping that it would fix the fragile relationship that they had. Even though she was angry, she knew that it was better than not having a relationship at all. Her friends had no parent, no one to guide them, and Kate realized that she was lucky to have two people that loved and cared for her well-being and safety. She was prepared to do whatever it took to keep some semblance of a relationship with her mother.
She would just have to apologize later on. 
Instead of going out to hang with her friends, Kate spent the rest of the day alone, cleaning her bedroom and bathroom, picking up the things she threw on the floor the night that Adriana tried to push her and Rico together. She stopped when she picked up the copy of Pride and Prejudice that Rico had been reading the night before. There was a bookmark that held his place, but there was also another spot that was marked with a turned down corner. Kate opened the book and searched for what it was that Rico must have liked enough to save.
A single line was underlined. It was the part where Mr. Darcy and Elizabeth were arguing about first impressions. The line that was underlined was where Darcy confessed his undying and unyielding love to Elizabeth. It was the part where she refused him.
Kate sat down, an overwhelming feeling taking over her entire body. She looked at the book again, noticing that Rico had scrawled a quote at the very bottom of the page as well. His handwriting was an elegant script, a reminder of his true age. It said: “I love you fully, eternally, and forever. I love you, body and soul.”
Kate pressed her palm against her heart. It beat slowly, calmly. She shut the book, placing it on her bookshelf once more, and stood up. Kate stripped her pajamas off and found a rose tank top that she tucked into white lace shorts. She slipped on her wedges and picked up her father’s fedora before rushing downstairs. This was it. It was time to tell Rico that she was falling in love with him, and after the quotes she found upstairs, there was no way that she wasn’t falling for him now. She knew that this was the only time that she could muster up the courage, knowing that it would eventually be too late to confess one’s love. It wasn’t as romantic as it appeared to confess your love right before your imminent death – or possible death, in Kate’s case. 
When Kate opened the front door, she ran straight into her father.  “I’m sorry, darling. I didn’t mean to frighten you,” Aaron said as he chuckled.
“Dad! You’re home,” Kate said, relieved that he was safe. She pulled him into a firm hug and held on to him while he patted her back. 
“Honey, I’ve been gone for one night. You can’t tell me that you’ve missed me that much,” he said. “Then again, I am your favorite old man, right?” He laughed again, a sound Kate loved to hear.
Kate just smiled up at her dad. They both knew he was the best dad Kate could have ever asked for. She didn’t have to answer his question. She would never have to tell him how much he meant to her or how much she loved him. 
Aaron pulled away from Kate’s arms and nodded his head at his old fedora. “Taking my hat out on a date, Kate?” he asked, surveying her outfit. “Rico will think you’re beautiful,” he said seriously. Then, as any dad would, he added a wink, just for Kate.
Kate blushed at the thought that Rico would think she was beautiful. She hated to admit it, but she would love to hear him call her just that. “Thank you, Daddy. I appreciate it,” Kate said truthfully. 
Aaron squeezed Kate’s shoulder. “Don’t stand here and stare at me now; you should go, honey. I wouldn’t want you to be late. Besides, I’m just here to shower. Afterwards, I’m going to be heading out again. I probably won’t be home tonight so don’t wait up for me, okay? This case will be finished soon, though, so don’t worry.” Aaron moved, pulling Kate into another quick hug before he slid past her and into the hall that led toward his bedroom. The gentle closing of the door solidified his departure.
Kate stood still for a moment and then rushed outside into the summer heat. Forgetting about her dad, she turned toward Adriana’s house and ran. She couldn’t turn back now, and with a renewed confidence from her father, she was ready.
Ten minutes later, Kate knocked on the door. Donovan answered it and let her inside, his sandy hair disheveled like he had just rolled out of bed. He waved to her as she hastily ran up the stairs toward Rico’s bedroom, or what she hoped was Rico’s bedroom.
When Kate got there, she straightened out her disheveled clothes before knocking on the door, twice. Rico opened it almost immediately, shirtless and handsome. His eyebrows furrowed when he saw her, but Kate could tell he was pleased. 
Rico’s room was absolutely perfect. The walls were stark white; paintings and sketches hung along the walls in clusters, almost as if his room was an art gallery. The most beautiful painting hung over his large bed. It was an angel in prayer, bent over a stream, his beautiful white wings unfurled. A laptop sat on a maple desk in the corner, playing soft music. A matching maple dresser sat on the wall adjacent to it, an empty picture frame and vase sat on top of it. 
“I didn’t know you liked flowers and angels,” Kate said.
Rico laughed and tousled his hair. “Human religions sometimes depict demons as fallen angels. It’s nice to pretend that it’s true. And the vase has never had flowers in it.”
“Oh,” Kate said, suddenly nervous. Now that she stood here, she was beginning to have second thoughts. Being this brave wasn’t really as great as it sounded; vulnerability didn’t really seem to have its quirks. Neither did moments like this, moments where one stood frozen and unable to speak, unable to think concrete thoughts. Kate was beginning to think that moments like this were torture.
And then Rico’s voice broke through the silence. It filled her with a renewed sense of purpose. Her heart calmed as he spoke. “Why are you here? Is something the matter?”
“No,” Kate answered. She breathed in deeply, wondering how she would start this. She turned to face Rico directly and crossed her fingers behind her back, hoping that it wouldn’t jinx or ruin what she was about to say. Rico watched her cautiously, so she began with the first thing that came to her mind. “I was cleaning my room earlier and found Pride and Prejudice. I saw the page where you underlined and wrote the quotes. I got dressed and ran over here.”
“I did that the other night,” Rico said. A small smile moved across his full lips. “I thought about what you said about body and soul. I remembered the quote when I read the other one. They made me think of you.”
The next questions tumbled from Kate’s lips effortlessly. “Is that when you decided that you couldn’t stop your feelings? That you couldn’t pretend?”
“It was,” Rico said. He moved closer to Kate, and she could feel her heartbeat slow down. She wasn’t nervous anymore. Not one bit.
“I came here,” she started to say.
“I know why you came here,” Rico finished. “I think, though, that we need to go on a date. We need to try to make this as normal as possible for you. I want it to be like that for you. Is that okay?”
Kate nodded.
“Then, would you, Kate, please accompany me on a surprise date?” His question was soft, serious, and Kate could tell that he was a little nervous. She knew that he didn’t do this. He didn’t go around dating humans all the time; she would have known from his actions and words and comments. But Rico sounded like a boy asking a girl out for the very first time. It was sweet, endearing.
When Kate didn’t answer, Rico raised an eyebrow. He offered a shy smile but didn’t say anything to her.
Kate swallowed and shook her head to erase the dizziness and all-consuming thoughts. “Yes,” she whispered. Then, with more confidence, she added, “I would love to.” The next second was a mixture of emotions - Rico was actually asking her out! Kate began to feel her knees wobble with the reality that it was really happening, and yet, a surge of confidence roared through her veins with the news. So this was what they were describing in all those books she read.
Rico chuckled. “Why don’t you go upstairs and hang out with Adriana while I get ready for today?” 
Kate smiled a smile that she instantly hated because she knew she looked goofy and left the room. She practically floated upstairs. All the while she thought about Rico, and how he was such a gentleman. She liked knowing that he cared about making their relationship as normal as possible and respected the fact that he didn’t just rush into telling her about his feelings. Rico was taking this seriously and, like he did with most things, he was going to make sure that he did this right. And Kate liked that. A whole lot.
When Kate reached Adriana’s door, she knocked, that same goofy smile plastered to her face. When Adriana opened the door and saw Kate, she pulled her into the room and slammed the door. “What?” she asked curiously. “Did Rico kiss you?”
“No,” Kate breathed; she couldn’t even imagine how that would make her feel. But instead of dwelling on it, she told Adriana what was going on. “I was wondering if you could do my makeup while he gets ready. But,” she warned, “I want to look like myself today.”
Adriana smiled and moved toward the all-glass vanity in the corner of her room. “Of course you do, honey. Come and sit down over here,” she said as she began to pull brushes and colors from the drawers.
Minutes later, Kate walked downstairs. Her curls were perfect spirals that bounced when she walked. Her eyes had on a thin layer of navy eyeliner, bringing out the hints of blue that she and Adriana loved so much. Her long, dark lashes framed her grey eyes. She looked like herself, but an enhanced version, and seeing Rico standing there, waiting by the stairwell, made her feel like the most beautiful version of herself.
From the bottom of the stairs, Rico could feel his heartbeat quicken when he saw Kate. He wondered, briefly, what a human would feel in this situation. He wished he could feel it too, the emotions that came with moments like this, but knew that if he had been born human, he would never have met Kate. He would rather know her. He would rather spend mere minutes with her than none at all.
Kate pulled in a deep breath when she reached the bottom step. She looked up into Rico’s calm eyes, glad that Adriana and Donovan were kind enough to let them share this moment together, alone.
“You look much better this time,” Rico said as he pushed Kate’s curls behind her ear. His raven hair fell into his eyes. Kate was tempted to push it away, but Rico shook his head slightly, moving it out of the way.
Kate looked at Rico. His hair was nearly dry and was beginning to curl at the edges, the way it always did. He wore a grey, v-neck shirt that was worn over dark jeans. He had on his usual Converse sneakers, and Kate wondered if he ever wore nicer shoes, like boat shoes or dress shoes. She’d have to ask him at some point.
“You ready for your surprise now?” Rico’s voice was a soft caress, low and husky. His eyes roamed Kate’s face, landing on her glossy mouth, which was now being bitten self-consciously. Rico moved his gaze, fixing it back on Kate’s grey eyes.
Kate nodded and the couple walked outside, Kate’s hand brushing Rico’s as she walked alongside him. She was tempted to take his hand in hers, but knew that he might pull away. So she resisted, not wanting to be too embarrassed on her first real date.
Rico walked around to open his red door for Kate, and she slipped inside the cool, leather interior. He got in on the other side, turned the car on, and pulled out of the driveway, driving away from their many problems. Rico drove for a while and Kate grew more curious as time went by. They talked, though, so she was never left in an awkward silence. When they arrived, she wasn’t too surprised to see that they ended up in Ybor City, the cigar district near downtown Tampa. The small side streets and alleyways made driving difficult but Rico was an expert, and he maneuvered his vehicle with ease. All around them, people stared and gawked at the expensive car.
Rico began to slow down, and he eventually pulled down a side street and parked his car. After getting out, he opened the door for Kate again and tossed some coins into the meter before pressing his hand against her back just long enough to steer her in the right direction. The pair walked down Seventh Avenue. Kate stared at all of the clubs, bars, and restaurants, taking in the unique blend of cultures of the historic city.
After a short walk, Rico stopped in front of a small restaurant. The exterior was made of brick and there were two tables that sat on either side of the door. Kate looked through a window and saw a friendly looking man making crepes. She looked up at the sign; it said La Creperia Café, the Bistro and Espresso Bar. She and Rico stepped inside the small, eclectic interior and sat down at a table made for two on the left hand side. A beautiful waitress walked around the counter and handed them menus. The pair took a moment to look it over, Kate flipping back and forth, finding it hard to decide. Rico looked like he knew what he wanted within moments.
“What do you want?” Rico asked Kate a couple minutes later. 
“I’m not sure. They all look delicious.” she exclaimed. She looked up, unsure of what kind of meal to get.
Rico chuckled and shook his head. Leaning across the table, he pulled the menu from Kate. “That’s because they are all delicious,” he replied. “Would you like me to order something for you?”
“Yes,” Kate admitted. 
Rico nodded and looked up to see the waitress coming back. She set two large glasses of ice water on the table and leaned over to pull a notebook and pen from her apron pocket. She had dark hair that was pulled back in a tight bun and wore peach lipstick that stood out against her tanned skin. She was exotic, with arched eyebrows and olive skin that shimmered. She held the pen poised over her notebook and asked the pair what they wanted.
Rico cleared his throat. “I would like the La Crepperie Special and Kate would like the delicious Bianca Mia. We would also like to share a Romeo y Julieta for dessert. Would you please bring that out after we’re finished, though?” Rico asked kindly. He added a few words in Spanish afterwards, his accent perfectly natural.
“Of course,” the waitress said with a curtsy. “And thank you.”
Kate watched as the waitress walked away and then turned back to face Rico. “Thank you for ordering for me. I wouldn’t have known where to begin. Also, thank you for taking me here. This means a lot to me.”
Rico looked up at Kate through his long, dark lashes. “You’re welcome,” he said.


20

The savory crepes were delicious. Kate especially liked the dessert crepe, Romeo y Julieta, although she thought that sharing it with Rico had been the best part. After eating their lunch, the pair walked down the streets and alleyways, enjoying the sunshine and summer air. Rico told Kate about the history of Ybor City, about the Cuban Cigars and much more. As they passed by old buildings or other sites, Rico pointed out architectural details and how the old blended with the new. 
“Rico?” Kate asked as they walked back along Seventh Avenue. The sun was setting, the sky shades of orange and purple. 
“Yes?” he asked back.
Kate stopped, wanting Rico’s full attention. He turned to face her. “Will you and I ever be able to touch one another?” she asked, looking down at the ground. “I know that I said it didn’t bother me, that I didn’t care, but I guess no matter what you have, you always want more of it.” Kate bit her lower lip self-consciously.
Rico pulled her hand into his, using the other one to lift her chin, forcing Kate to look into his eyes. His eyes flicked back and forth, searching hers like they always did. “I can’t touch you for very long, Kate. Would you rather hold hands for short amounts of time? Would that make you happy or would it make it worse for you?”
Kate raised an eyebrow at him. “I don’t want you to hold my hand because it makes me happy, Rico. I want you to do it because you want to.”
His blinding smile rained down on Kate. “Kate, I do want to. I’ve never wanted anything more in my life. But I’m afraid that I won’t want to let go of you. I’m afraid of hurting you.”
“You won’t let yourself hurt me, Rico. I know that; you know that. I’m okay with trying this if you are.”
Rico smiled, knowing that it was true, that he wouldn’t hurt her. The back of his mind, however, was filled with a kaleidoscope of worries that haunted him. What if he couldn’t let go of her? What if he craved the feel of her warm skin so much that he couldn’t give it up? What if he accidentally killed Kate? He was a dark monster, after all. He was capable of anything, and he’d done things much worse than this.
But Kate was right. He wouldn’t let himself hurt her.
Bravely, Rico squeezed Kate’s hand and pushed the feelings of anxiety deeper into his mind, ignoring them as best as he could. Kate was right. He had said that he wanted this done right, so he should be willing, then, to do it right the first time.
“Do you feel okay, Kate?” Rico asked as they walked along the street. Kate nodded as she hummed a soft melody. She seemed fine, and her body temperature wasn’t too cold yet, so they walked along the street hand-in-hand. Rico let go when he felt Kate’s internal body temperature lowering too much, and Kate didn’t mind. The feeling of his hand against hers, his skin touching her skin, was enough, if even for a single moment.

After their short walk, they headed for the car. Rico drove home, chasing the setting sun. The ride back was a soft sort of silence. Rico let his thoughts roam over Kate and Kern and all the things in between them. Kate’s heart was content, overflowing with positive emotions that pushed aside her fear. For a moment, she was unafraid of the future. For a moment, she felt true happiness.
An hour later, when they reached Kate’s home, Rico pulled into the driveway. He got out, going around to open the passenger door, dropping Kate off like a boy would do on a real date. The couple walked up to the house together, holding hands the entire walk because it was a short distance from the street. Rico stopped at the bottom of the stairs and watched Kate walk up. He began to turn away when Kate turned around suddenly. She walked toward Rico and stopped on the first stair. From here, she was a little taller than he was, and Rico looked up at her, curiosity burning behind his cobalt eyes. Kate reached her hand out, touching Rico’s face. Her soft fingers traced his jaw, his neck, his collarbone; her hands shook slightly but her breathing was even, her gaze unwavering.
Without a word, Kate leaned forward and pressed her mouth against Rico’s. He froze for a moment, then melted under her warm touch. He leaned in, kissing Kate back. 
Rico’s lips were soft and sensuous against Kate’s. The kiss was a spark that ignited a fire deep within her soul. The kiss started out gentle, each of them frightened of what could go wrong. However, Kate’s body heat spiked when they kissed and Rico’s cooler lips balanced it out. After a moment of panic and a second of realization and elation, he let himself really kiss her. When they pulled away, both of them were flushed. Kate was breathing hard, and laughed at her own weakness. Rico laughed with her, and Kate loved the sound of his laughter. 
Rico bit his lower lip and pressed his lips together in an attempt to stop laughing. He messed with his hair, messing it up in the back. It stuck up in a spot, and Kate leaned over to fix it. “Sorry,” he said stupidly.
Kate smiled down at him and let her fingers trace his jaw as she pulled away. “You don’t have to say anything,” she said. Then, she turned around and walked back up to her house, very determined not to look back at Rico’s retreating figure. She stepped inside and shut the door, taking a moment to lean against it. She touched her lips, taking a moment to memorize the best first kiss she had ever had. One that she hoped would lead to a few more kisses too.
“Kate?”
Kate jumped up and screamed. She pressed her hand against her heart and laughed. “Mom don’t scare me like that!” she exclaimed.
Blaire walked around the corner and laughed at the sight of her frightened daughter. “You really like that boy, don’t you? Are you falling in love with him?” she asked. Her question was real, and Kate could tell that she really wanted to connect with Kate in this moment. Kate wanted the connection too. She decided to go with the truth, and nodded. She didn’t really have the strength for words; her thoughts were far too tangled.
“Was that your first kiss?” Blaire asked, a smile crawling across her features.
“Yes,” Kate said simply. Then she added, “Mom it was amazing and beautiful. He’s a great kisser, and I can see why you and Dad are happy all the time,” she giggled.
“Yes, Kate. Kissing can be fun,” Blaire commented. She turned and held her arm out, wrapping it around Kate’s shoulders when she approached her mom. The two of them walked further into the house, talking about Kate’s evening. They bonded over chocolate milk and a romance movie that made Kate feel giddier - if that was possible. But in that moment, she was so very happy, she and knew that nothing could go wrong. 

Kate was standing on the front porch of Erik’s log cabin, her ivory gown blowing in the cool air. The breeze blew in from the stormy ocean, and Kate looked up to see storm clouds swirling overhead. She saw the telescopes in front of her and knew that she had to choose. The fates were allowing her to look at one of the two things that would happen in her life. 
Kate took a step toward the telescope pointed toward her house, feeling the need to look into the one that she hadn’t looked through yet. However, the night spent with Rico triggered her heart, pulling her the other way. 
Kate stopped. A bolt of lightning struck the ground in front of her, telling her to choose. She jumped back, surprised, and looked to her right, toward Adriana’s house. Without thinking she walked toward the telescope, and took it in her hands. Kate sucked in a mouthful of cool air, preparing herself for the worst thing that could happen, and looked into the gold eyepiece. There was nothing, just black. For a moment Kate panicked, afraid that Erik planned to destroy her friends. She lifted her face away from the telescope slowly, realizing what she had done a moment later. 
Kate had chosen the wrong telescope. Suddenly, she swung her head to face the other one and bolted toward it. She ran across the hard floor, her feet smacking against the wooden planks. She held out her hand and reached for the telescope; she was almost there. Kate could make it before the dream ended. Kate stretched, her fingers closing over the cool metallic surface.

Kate woke up to the crash of thunder outside her bedroom. She was covered in sweat and tangled in her sheets. She sat up and glanced at the clock on her nightstand; it was four in the morning. Leaning over, she reached for her phone and texted both Rico and Adriana, hoping that one of them would get the message soon. Then, she rolled out of bed and jumped into the shower, rinsing away the sweat but not her fears. She felt tears slide down her cheeks and watched them mix with the fresh water as they disappeared down the drain. What did her dream mean? What was happening?
When Kate emerged from the bathroom minutes later, Adriana and Rico were waiting in her room. They stood in the middle of her floor, soaking wet. Kate tossed them towels, and when they were all dried off she told them what happened.
“What do you think it means?” Adriana repeated the question back to Kate. 
“I don’t know,” Kate said. “I know that I made the wrong choice but I don’t know what could be happening that has to do with my house.”
“Why did you choose our house instead of your own?” Adriana pressed. She leaned on her elbows, leaning back on Kate’s bed now that she was semi-dry. Her dark eyes bored into Kate like little truth seekers.
Kate sighed. “I thought Erik was going to hurt you. I couldn’t stand to see that happen. I didn’t think; I just ran toward your telescope.” Kate buried her face in her hands, guilt and regret welling up in her chest, pressing a weight on her heart.
“That’s understandable,” Adriana said. She nodded once, then tilted her head to the side. She sat up suddenly. “Have you ever thought, that you were able to choose who was hurt? What if you had gone to your telescope? Do you think that it would have been empty also?”
Kate contemplated his statement, knowing the answer already. “I think that he knew I was going to choose the wrong telescope; he knew I would choose you over myself, and he used that against me.”
“What do you mean when you say he knew, Kate?” Adriana asked her.
“This dream was different. I’m usually drawn to the things that I’m supposed to see. I never get to make a choice.”
Rico finally spoke, his voice low and serious. “You think that Erik pulled you into this dream?” He stood in the corner, ends of his damp hair releasing water droplets that fell to the floor. His dark grey shirt hugged his torso; the image of his unearthly beauty stood out against the backdrop of the bland, white paint. Kate tried to ignore it. 
“Yes,” she said, certain now that it was true. “Yes,” she repeated, more for her own, selfish confirmation. “I think he did. I think he wanted me to see that he wasn’t finished with me, with you, with all of us. He knows that we know about the dark magic, and I think he intends to do something about it.”
“Do you have any idea what it could be?” Adriana pressed.
“No,” Kate said. “But one thing’s for certain.”
“What’s that?” Rico interrupted as he stood up from the wall. He moved closer, his arms crossed over his chest, his hands gripping his upper arms. 
“It’s already been done,” Kate said sadly. 
“How do you know?” Adriana asked.
“He wouldn’t have shown me unless it worked, unless his plan had been successful,” Kate nearly sobbed. “Why didn’t I look into my telescope? Why was I so stupid?” she said as she fell into her reading chair. Kate buried her face in her hands, and took a moment to really cry about this situation. An immense weight had been pressed on her shoulders, and she could no longer hold it up. Kate could no longer pretend to be strong. She felt weak, weaker than she had ever been in her entire life. And one thing was certain right now: Erik didn’t give her the option to choose who he would hurt or kill; he showed her the truth about who she loved. He showed her that she didn’t love her parents the most. For some reason, she loved Adriana and Rico more. 
That was a secret she’d never confess.

21

Kate stayed home for the next couple of days, looking out for her mother, waiting for her father to come home so that she could look out for him too. She was a ticking time bomb, on the verge of breaking down or exploding. Her demeanor changed, and her mother noticed.
“Are you fighting with Rico?” Blaire asked one morning at breakfast.
“What?” Kate asked distractedly.
“I asked you if you’ve been fighting with Rico,” her mother repeated.
Kate blinked a few times. “Oh. No. I’m just wondering about Dad’s case.” Kate picked up her hot tea and took a sip.
Blaire sighed and reached out, resting her hand on Kate’s. “Darling, your father should be back within a couple of days. I promise. If not, I’ll make sure to call and ask him to come home. Okay?”
Kate nodded and turned back to her breakfast, lost in thought once more.
On the third night, Aaron came home. Kate’s stress levels dissipated, but not enough to change her outward appearance. She still slunk around in an attempt to search for something wrong, but she found nothing. If she wasn’t searching, she was grumbling internally - mostly internally - about having to stay alert at all times. It was hard to sleep, hard to eat, hard to focus on one task for too long; she couldn’t see how Adriana and Rico did this all the time.
“What’s wrong, baby?” her father asked her the night he came home. The family was sitting in the living area, gathered around the television, watching the black and white credits of a movie roll by. The music in the background was soft.
“Nothing,” Kate said as she stared blankly at the screen. She was really focused on the sounds outside. “I guess I’ve just been worried about having to move soon. I like my friends here. I don’t really want to move anymore. I think I’ve found where I belong.”
“I think that you’re right,” her dad said. “You do belong here, Kate.”

The next morning, Kate walked in on an argument between her mother and father. She faltered; her parents rarely fought, and they usually took it to their bedroom so that Kate didn’t have to hear it, or better yet, didn’t know about it. 
“What do you mean they took you off the case?” Blaire hissed. “You’ve been working on it so much. You’re dedicated to this man, to his livelihood, to his future. They have no right to take you off.”
“Honey, they said that was the problem. They said that I’ve put so much into this case. They say that I’m much too attached to it.”
“You’ve been attached to cases before, Aaron. Why would they take you off this one? It was your attachment to them that made you win!”
“This company is different, Blaire. I don’t understand what’s going on any more than you do. I don’t like it either, but I haven’t been there long. I don’t really have a say in this company,” Aaron said, sounding defeated. 
Kate listened as her parents started putting away the dishes, and she counted to ten before stepping into the dining room. “Hey,” she said, feigning nonchalance.
“Good morning, honey,” her mother said sweetly, calmly. “What would you like for breakfast? Pancakes? Eggs?”
“I’m just going to grab a bowl of cereal,” Kate replied as she reached for a bowl out of the dish drain. “Thanks for asking, though.” She tried to smile at her mom, to tell her that things would be okay, but the smile that she received in return was weaker than she’d ever seen.
Kate focused her attention on her father, hoping that he was okay. He looked haggard, like he hadn’t been sleeping. She watched while he took a sip of his warm coffee. The mug shook as he brought it to his dry, cracked lips. His first sip went well, but as he attempted to swallow the other, he ended up having a coughing fit. 
Kate and her mother ran over to him. Blaire felt his head, checking for a temperature while Kate handed him a glass of water and took the mug of coffee.
“Honey,” Blaire said to him, “You’re burning up. I think you should go lie down. I’ll bring you over some toast with honey on it in a minute.”
Aaron stood up, mumbling assent, and walked slowly to his bedroom. 
Blaire rushed toward the toaster, made some toast, and rushed it to him. She came out looking worried. “Honey, can you take care of your father today?” she asked. “He has a bad cold. He had about five coughing fits when I went in there and he’s shivering. I can’t take off work to take care of him right now; they need me. I’m so sorry.” Blaire bit her lower lip and glanced back toward her bedroom door, where Aaron was currently coughing.
Kate nodded and reached for her mom’s arm, gripping it tightly as she smiled bravely up at Blaire. “Of course I’ll take care of him, Mom. And it’s okay that you have to work today. We didn’t see this coming. Don’t worry about it.”
“Thank you so much,” Blaire said as she kissed Kate’s forehead. She walked over to grab her bag. A minute later she stepped out of the house.

Kate sat in the living room all day, listening to her father’s loud coughing. She got up more than once, convinced that he was coughing up a lung. He accepted the glasses of ice water that she brought him but insisted that she leave, that he didn’t want to get her sick. She obliged and went back to the living room and sat there, looking out the window, waiting for him to need her once again. 
Kate was in the middle of her latest vampire romance, comparing the main character’s problems to her own, when her father had a dangerously long coughing session. Kate rushed into the room to find her father leaning over a trash can. He tried to shoo Kate away by telling her that he didn’t want her to see him like that. She insisted on staying, but it resulted in him yelling at her. 
Kate’s lip quivered as she walked out of the room. Her father hadn’t yelled at her like that since she was a little girl. She sat down on the couch, thinking of that day.
Kate had been five years old. She was running around the beach that summer. Her mother wasn’t far from her, working with Aaron near the tidal pools. Kate had been jumping on the rocks, staring into the tidal pools, asking her mother and father questions about the organisms inside. She grew bored quickly, though, and started running up and down the beach. She kept testing how far she could get from her parents, running out a couple feet, then looking back to see if they cared; they never cared so she kept going farther and farther. 
At one point, Kate couldn’t see her parents. She stopped there and began playing in the smaller waves closest to shore. A young man came up to her while she played alone. He began talking to Kate, asking her questions about her life and her family. She had answered the stranger willingly, unafraid.
She sat there, talking to the stranger for fifteen minutes before she heard her parents screaming her name. She looked in the direction of their voices and waited for them to come meet her new best friend. Her parents were frantic when they found her, half-thankful and half-afraid of the man that was willing to talk to a little girl.
When Kate and her parents walked away from the man, her father yelled at her. He told her that she was never to leave their sight again and that they had been worried about her. She never did leave their sides again, always staying close to her family, afraid of being yelled at. Most of all, she was afraid of disappointing her father, the man that loved her most in this big world. And now he was sick, so sick that Kate was afraid that he would never get better, that things would never be the same after his yelling at her. 
Kate shook her head in an attempt to forget that moment, and was fully brought back to the present when someone knocked on her door. She opened it to find Rico on the other side, carrying a package. “May I come in?” he asked shyly, his voice a whisper.
Kate turned toward her parent’s bedroom. He wasn’t coughing right now, but it didn’t mean that he was done. However, she needed a break from sitting inside all day and she wanted to see Rico. “My father’s pretty sick so we have to stay downstairs but come on in. Let me warn you; it doesn’t sound pretty. He’s got the flu.”
Rico stepped over the threshold, the package tucked under his arm. “Did he catch it at work?” he asked as he followed Kate into the living room.
“I think so,” Kate said. “He came back last night and was fine, but started coughing this morning. He’s not doing so hot.”
Rico’s eyebrows pulled together. “Do you want me to come back another time?”
Kate shook her head. “No. Right now works perfectly fine,” she said.
“What’s wrong?” Rico asked. He was worried about Kate, and it showed in the way his deep voice shook.
Kate bit her lower lip to hold in the tears. “He just yelled at me, that’s all.” Her voice sounded weak, pathetic to her own ears, and she felt stupid for saying that out loud. His sickness was taking a toll on her too.
“He’s not feeling well, Kate. He probably doesn’t even realize he’s doing it,” Rico said as he pulled Kate into an embrace, allowing himself to hold her until he was forced to let her go. When he did, he rested his hands on her shoulders.
Kate smiled, feeling better already, and glanced down at the package that was now resting on the coffee table.  “What’s that?” she asked, pointing at it.
Rico removed his hands from Kate’s shoulders and wrapped them around himself as he looked over at the package. “It’s a present,” he answered.
Kate stepped forward and pushed her hands underneath his arms. She smiled up at him and stepped back, pulling him until they sat on the couch. She looked at Rico from underneath her lashes. He looked handsome, as usual. His raven hair shone brilliant colors from the fading sunlight that streamed through the wide windows. His full lips curved upwards into a small, shy smile. Kate watched as his icy blue eyes clouded over, filled with emotion. 
Rico held out the small package. It was wrapped in brown paper, and a navy ribbon was tied around it, the ends curled. Kate smiled, knowing that Adriana wrapped it for Rico, and took the gift. “I hope you like it,” Rico said as he bit his lower lip nervously. 
Kate smiled up at Rico and untied the ribbon carefully, placing it on the couch next to her. She flipped the package over and tore the brown paper along the tape line - she couldn’t show Rico the rip-the-wrapping-paper-like-on-Christmas-morning girl; she had to be civilized. Inside the perfectly unwrapped paper sat a black box. Kate paused before lifting the lid and looked into Rico’s eyes. She leaned forward and kissed him softly, her hand resting on his cheek. When she pulled back, she released a breath of air.
When Kate lifted the box’s lid, she gasped. “Rico!” she exclaimed quietly. “It’s beautiful.” Kate lowered her hand into the box and pulled out Rico’s necklace. She held the small black stone in her hands, cradling it. Rico took it from her, and clasped it around her neck. The silver chain was long, and the necklace pressed against Kate’s chest, the stone resting near her heart. She looked down at it, wanting to watch the light escape once more, wanting to feel the pieces of Rico that were still healing.
“I’m glad you like it,” Rico said as he leaned forward and kissed Kate’s forehead.
Kate reached out and held on to the back of his neck as he began to pull away. She shook her head and pulled him until his full lips were against hers. Rico smiled against her mouth and kissed her back. His lips were rough against hers, almost a question. She answered by kissing him harder, leaning into him so that their bodies pressed together. Rico’s hands were tangled in Kate’s hair, pulling gently on her chestnut curls. Kate’s hands rested on Rico’s neck, her thumbs pressed against his jaw. He began to run his hands down her spine, sending shocks of electricity to her fingertips, and after a few seconds Kate pulled away, gasping. 
“Hold on,” she said. “I’m sort of out of breath.”
“That good, am I?” Rico asked playfully.
Kate pushed him lightly and stood up. She pulled her hair into a bun and fanned herself. Rico smiled up at her. “You know, for you being so cold, I’m still hot. How does that work?”
Rico shrugged and tilted his head to the side. “Your body heat rises when we kiss. I guess that I balance that. This time, however, you went crazy. I don’t know what would’ve happened if you’d been kissing a human but I’m sure it wouldn’t be like that.”
“I’ll let you know,” Kate said jokingly. She laughed at Rico’s scrunched up face and leaned over, ready to kiss him a bit more. However, Kate’s father had another fit of coughing. Kate grimaced. 
Rico sighed. “I’ll go and let you take care of your father,” he said. He stood up and kissed Kate on the top of her head before he let himself out.
Kate stood still for a moment, trying to focus on her father, trying to get her head back into what was happening in the real world. When she was ready, she turned and walked toward her parent’s room. She tried, unsuccessfully, to take care of her father until her mother came home. 
That night, Blaire slept in the guest room across the hall from Kate. Kate sat up half the night, worrying about her father, afraid for her mother, who was probably sitting up just like she was. At around two a.m., Blaire snuck in to Kate’s room and slept with her until dawn.
After a few days of Kate’s father being ill, a routine was established. Blaire would leave in the mornings after taking care of Aaron, and Kate would take over until her mother came home in the evenings. The aura in the house changed from ease and contentment to high stress and complexity. After three days of this, Blaire threatened to call the hospital, but Aaron wouldn’t allow it. He was certain that he would be better in two days’ time, and Blaire gave him the benefit of the doubt because she loved him so much.

Saturday morning, Kate’s father stepped out of the room looking much better. He wore faded jean shorts and a white and brown striped collared shirt. His hair was slightly disheveled, like he had just woken up, but his complexion was rosy and his eyes were bright. 
Aaron quietly took a seat between Kate and Blaire and sipped on his coffee. “I feel so much better,” he said as he set the mug down on the wooden table. Kate watched as he leaned toward her mother and kissed her on the cheek, trying to ease the tension that was circulating around the room like smoke.
Blaire smiled, her anxiety visibly dissolving. Her shoulders relaxed and she let go of the air that she had been holding in. “I’m glad you’re better, honey. I was so worried,” she said as she reached for his open hand.
“I’m sorry for scaring both of you,” Aaron said.
“It’s okay,” Blaire and Kate said in unison. They looked at each other and smiled after saying it. Both were tempted to jinx the other, but both felt it to be too soon to joke or laugh. Aaron still needed rest.
“Dad?” Kate asked. 
Aaron looked over at his daughter. “Yes, honey?” he asked.
“Please promise to let us take you to the hospital the next time you’re sick. It was hard around here with you so sick. Mom and I were on edge the whole time. I almost thought that you were dying, Dad.” Kate looked over at him seriously.
Aaron flinched but nodded. “I’m all better now, honey. There’s no need to worry any longer,” he said, effectively finishing the conversation without really answering Kate’s request. He turned away and looked over at his coffee. He pulled it toward him and rested his hands around the warm mug.
“Are you going to work Monday?” Blaire asked as she reached for a slice of warm toast. She spread butter along the edges, watching it slide to the softer middle.
Aaron frowned, thinking. “I’m not certain. We’ll see how the rest of the weekend goes, and I’ll decide tomorrow evening whether I’ll be able to go in to work.”
“Do you think you’ll be handed a new case this week?” Blaire probed. She had spoken to Kate about the fact that her father had been taken off of the case that he had worked so hard on, mentioning once or twice the unfairness of it all.
“I don’t know, Blaire,” Aaron said angrily. His voice was loud, commanding. Blaire flinched but said nothing. She looked down at her mug and just nodded.
Kate let her jaw drop open slightly. Her father never acted like this. He must not be feeling as good as he thought; he never would have said something like that to Blaire if he had been feeling as good as he claimed.
“I’m sorry,” he said guiltily. He reached out and pulled Blaire’s hand into his own. “I don’t know what’s come over me. I guess even I’m still upset about being taken off the case, and I’m taking it out on the two of you. I shouldn’t and I apologize.”
“That’s fine, honey. I understand that you’re still not one hundred percent,” Blaire said reassuringly. 
Aaron smiled at her gratefully.
Kate pulled in a deep breath, deciding that it was time to go. She had made plans earlier in the week to hang out with Rico, and she decided that now was as good a time as any.
“Where are you going, sunshine?” Aaron asked Kate.
Kate put her dishes in the sink and turned toward her parents. “I’m hanging out with Rico in a little bit. I’m going to go upstairs and get ready to leave.” Kate bit her lower lip, unsure of herself for some reason.
Blaire looked at her daughter and nodded encouragingly. “Have fun,” she said. “You deserve it after being cooped up in the house all week. I thank you for all of your help this week, baby. You were so kind for taking care of your dad.”
Kate started to speak but her dad interrupted her thank-you. “Blaire, I think it would be nice for Kate to stay in today. I haven’t seen her all week.” Kate’s dad turned to face her. “Would you mind staying home with me today? I want to spend some time with you now that I’m much better. Would that be too much to ask of you right now, honey?”
Kate looked down and played with her fingernails, searching for the right words. Her father’s question made her feel guilty because she loved him so much, but she needed time away from the house; she needed time for herself and for Rico.
Blaire interrupted, answering for Kate. “Aaron, why don’t you let her go out today? She can stay in with you tomorrow. I think she deserves today after all of the time she spent taking care of you,” she said, coming to Kate’s defense. 
“I suppose,” Aaron said sadly. “You have to promise that we’ll spend time together tomorrow, though. Is that going to be okay?”
Kate smiled. “Of course, Dad. I promise.” With that, she walked over to hug her parents before heading upstairs to get ready. While upstairs, Kate mused about how her mother and father had seemingly switched places during breakfast. Blaire was defending Kate, and Aaron was attempting to hold her captive; it was odd that Blaire appeared to be more understanding and sympathetic toward Kate’s current situation, while her father was not. Normally, Kate’s father would push Kate to escape the house after being trapped inside for so long. Right now, Kate thought as she buttoned up her summery dress, he was like someone else.

22

Kate knocked on Adriana’s front door a while later. She wore a mint green dress and Rico’s necklace. Leather wedges were strapped to her feet, and a dark leather clutch held her possessions. Kate’s hair was down; her curls tumbled down her back. An opal headband sparkled in the sun, changing colors like the sunrise.
Rico answered the door, stepped outside, and shut it behind him. He took Kate in his arms and kissed her fiercely. Kate was breathless when he let go. “I’ve missed you,” he said. Then, he tilted his head to the side, holding her at arm’s length so that he could better look at her. “You doing okay now that you’re getting a little break?”
Kate nodded and told Rico about her dad feeling better. She left out the part about his attitude change; she didn’t want him to worry about her feelings, and she wanted the rest of the day to be fun. She wanted to be carefree and happy. If that meant forgetting for a few hours, then she would forget.
“I’ve missed you too,” Kate said as Rico led them to his cherry Ferrari. “So what are we doing today?” she asked him as he opened the door for her. She paused, her arm resting on the door, as she waited for him to answer.
Rico just shook his head back and forth. “It’s a surprise, Kate.”
“Is everything going to be a surprise?” she asked, lifting an eyebrow at him.
“I think so,” he said, grinning. “Now get in.”
Kate playfully rolled her eyes and got inside the vehicle, the cool leather of the seats smooth against her legs. A few minutes later, they were speeding down the interstate. Kate knew they were headed north but didn’t know where or when Rico would stop. The long car ride was pleasant, a nice escape from the monotonous week she had, and Rico made sure not to press her for too much information concerning her father or Kern. By the time that Rico pulled off the interstate, Kate felt much better. They were in Lake Wales this time, their destination the wildly beautiful Bok Tower Gardens.
When Kate stepped out of the vehicle, she was instantly hit by the glorious scent of blooming flowers. She glanced at Rico and broke out into a fit of giggles. This was exactly what she needed. Kate held her arms out, stretched her fingers, and spun around, basking in the warmth of the sun. The sensation was exhilarating, and Kate grew dizzy with excitement. Rico watched her, admiring her carefree spirit. 
Kate stopped spinning and held her hand out. Rico took it, and they began walking into the gardens. Kate pointed out different flowers and talked to Rico about the gardener, Mr. Evans. She followed Rico as he led her around the gardens, along the paths and under canopies of trees and blooming flowers. They took different paths, exploring everything, from the strange bark of the Silk Floss to the unique petals of exotic flowers. Kate loved seeing the firecracker plants, azaleas, and snapdragons. Rico was partial to the Mexican sage bushes and trumpet trees.
After walking around, Rico and Kate sat on a bench near the decorative tower. They alternated between talking and kissing until they were tired of both, and then they walked toward the car, hand in hand. “This was perfect,” Kate said quietly; she was almost afraid to ruin the mood.
 “I thought that you would enjoy the open space after being cooped up in your house. I didn’t want to go to a place that was crowded either. I wanted to be able to enjoy my time with you; I wasn’t ready to compete with the other spectators.”
Kate squeezed Rico’s hand and looked up into his cobalt eyes. “You know that you have my undivided attention, Rico.”
Rico smiled and squeezed her hand back. “I know. But I still have to work to keep it that way. I don’t want you to get tired of me.”
Kate pushed him softly and ran toward the car. The smile that crept across her face was strong and real, concrete evidence that it had been the perfect day and that this afternoon had been exactly what she needed.
The drive home was nice, and after Rico dropped her off, Kate let herself in to a dimly lit, quiet house. She was so overwhelmed with her happiness and her soaring heart, that she didn’t care to check on her parents, who were whispering in their bedroom. Kate was completely enthralled with Rico; her thoughts rifled through every detail of their afternoon together. She thought of their hands, touching and tangled in one another’s. She thought of Rico’s lips and how they were soft yet urgent when they touched hers. Kate let her thoughts roam freely and slipped upstairs before her parents had the opportunity to force her to commit to a movie or conversation. Kate was far too caught up in Rico’s cobalt eyes and beautiful smile to focus on anything other than the fact that she was falling for him. For the moment, that was the most important thing to her.

Kate stood in the gardens at Bok Tower, her ivory dress flowing around her bare ankles. The sun was radiant, shining down on the Earth and painting it gold the way it always does in the late afternoon. Kate stepped forward, drawn to the brick tower. This was like her old visions, the ones that took her where she was meant to go, and Kate felt safe following her intuition. She stepped forward, lifting up the bottom of her dress so that ivory material didn’t drag on the cold, wet ground.
As Kate walked, she let her fingers trace the soft petals of the azaleas. Her bare feet relished the feeling of the soft grass, the crunch of the gravel. She walked calmly along, ready to see what was waiting for her at the bottom of the tower. 
When Kate reached the tower she didn’t see anything immediately. However, she walked to the bench that she and Rico had spent part of the afternoon at and saw what she was meant to see. There was a small photograph of her as a child. It was the day that her father yelled at her so many years ago. The picture was a shot of her sitting in the sand during the time that she was alone, away from her parents; her parents must have still been working somewhere down the beach or searching for her. 
Kate reached over and picked up the photo to get a better look. In the photo, Kate’s back was facing the viewer; it looked like it had been taken right behind her. Kate’s thoughts traced over the events of that day, and she never remembered anyone standing behind her, let alone with a camera. That man had stood next to her that day. However, the worry about who took the photograph vanished in seconds, because, next to Kate, on her left side, was a drawing etched into the sand. It was the burning world. Kate had drawn it before. Kate had always been a dark, evil being.
Tears stung the back of Kate’s throat. She held the photograph out, away from her, and watched as it suddenly caught flame. Kate dropped it, only to watch sparks of heat and fire lick the grass near it. The green grass caught fire and began to blaze. Kate attempted to stop the burning by stomping on it, but it spread like wildfire, claiming the plants and trees around her. Within minutes Kate was trapped in a ring of fire that spread all around her, claiming the gardens as its own.

Kate woke up screaming again. A moment later, she felt Rico’s strong arms around her. She stopped screaming at once, comforted by his presence, but she shook so violently that Rico rushed to the bathroom, turned the hot water on, soaked a towel, and wrapped it around her after ringing it out. When she was calmer he called Adriana and asked her to come over. His voice was strained, worried.
A little while later, Adriana slipped into Kate’s room, a worried look on her face. “You had another vision, didn’t you?” she asked. Adriana sat on the edge of Kate’s bed and glanced up at Rico. They shared a look.
Kate decided to ignore it and nodded, affirming what everyone already knew.
“What happened?” Adriana asked.
Kate shook her head back and forth, knowing, for some reason, that she couldn’t tell them when they were here, in her room. She had the strangest feeling that someone would be listening to the words she was about to say. Instead of speaking at all, Kate grabbed a notebook and scribbled down her thoughts. Adriana and Rico understood immediately, and the three of them silently snuck out, making sure to lock Kate’s door behind her so that her parents couldn’t get in too easily.
A few minutes later, Kate snuggled in Adriana’s bed, the blankets warm and cozy. The soft sheets and knitted blanket comforted her somehow, making her feel safe. Kate sipped on the hot chocolate that Rico brought her, preparing herself to tell Adriana and Rico everything that she had kept hidden. She knew that she couldn’t keep her darkest parts to herself now. Rico and Donovan had told her their blackest secrets; it was time for Kate to finally do the same. Now she realized that it had only hurt her before. 
“I lied to you,” Kate started. She looked over at Rico and Adriana, taking in their calm, serene gazes. They seemed to know already. However, Kate knew that she had to continue her confession. She swallowed before talking. “I have had more dreams,” she admitted. “I was afraid to tell you because they were much worse than the dreams I had warning me about Erik. I was afraid of losing you, of you thinking that I was dark or evil or worse.”
Adriana put her hand on Kate’s, stopping her from talking. “Kate,” she said, “Rico and I love you. No matter what you say, we’ll be here. You don’t need to feel ashamed or frightened. You will never lose us.”
“I know that now,” Kate said honestly. She looked into Rico and Adriana’s eyes before continuing. Adriana squeezed Kate’s hand, letting her know that it truly was okay to be afraid of the truth.
Kate sighed. “In the very first dream, I was searching for something. I was walking in the woods, looking for something that I knew I had to find before it was too late. The worst part about it is that I craved it, the thing I found.” 
Rico placed his hand in Kate’s empty one and squeezed gently, letting Kate know that he would always love her. Adriana sat patiently waiting, her hand seemingly warm in Kate’s own. It was so comforting, knowing that, for the first time, Kate had people that loved and cared for her, people that didn’t necessarily have to. She knew that her parents loved her because of who she was, but it wasn’t the same as this kind of love.
“It was the world,” Kate whispered, braver now because of Rico and Adriana. “The world was catching fire. It was being destroyed.”
Kate looked at Rico. “It was the same image I drew in the sand that day on the beach. I lied to you when I said that I didn’t remember it, but it wasn’t a complete lie. I don’t remember drawing it; I was in some sort of trance when it happened, but I did see it when I woke from it. I’m sorry. I’m so sorry for lying, to you” she said sadly.
Rico shook his head. “It doesn’t matter, Kate. You’re telling us now.” 
Kate nodded. Then, she told them about her next vision. “It scared me. I thought that I was evil for wanting this. I thought that you would hate me, that you would leave. I know now that I was wrong. Your friendship is stronger than all of this,” Kate said calmly.
“Our friendship, Kate. It’s ours, not just mine or Rico’s. And you’re right. We will never leave you,” Adriana stated, agreeing with Kate. She smiled over at Kate, her perfect teeth flashing in the dim light.
Kate went on. “The last dream, the one I had just now, had a photograph in it.” She described her most recent dream to Adriana and Rico while tears tumbled from her grey eyes. “I drew the same image when I was five. I didn’t remember it until now, but after I saw the picture I kind of remembered that moment. I was scared of what I had drawn. I was so scared that I never left my father’s side again when we were on the beach. The first night here was the first time I had been alone on the beach since I was five. Even in Australia I was accompanied by my parents because we didn’t live right on the water,” Kate sobbed. She pulled her hands from her friends’ comforting embraces and wiped the tears that were still falling. Kate knew that if she didn’t pull herself together soon that she would hyperventilate, and she wasn’t prepared to look so weak; she couldn’t appear weak anymore. She had to be strong, for herself, for Rico, for her parents. She had to remain strong enough to fight this darkness.
“It’ll be okay, honey. Rico and I are going to take care of you,” Adriana said comfortingly. 
“I’m afraid,” Kate said honestly. “I don’t know why I’m seeing these things. I’m afraid that it’s what I want. What I secretly want to happen. I just don’t understand it.”
“We know that it’s not, Kate. We know you would never want that,” Adriana said. She pulled away, noting that Kate was getting colder.
Kate shook her head, tears and snot covering her face at this point. She was trying to pull herself together but it just wasn’t working. She was not just crying out of fear; tears spilled out of frustration at her weakness as well. Kate grew increasingly embarrassed and angry at her faults, momentarily forgetting the real reason behind her tears. Rico grabbed a handkerchief out of one of Adriana’s drawers and used it to wipe her face. Kate looked into his bright eyes, feeling them pull her back into the present.
Rico sensed that there was something more. “What is it, Kate?” he asked. “I promise that you can tell us. I promise that you will always look the same in our eyes.” Rico, who had pulled away some time ago, reached back out for her hand.
Kate wiped away the rest of her tears and shook her head. She knew that she was just being stubborn, but she just couldn’t do this without them forcing her to. 
“Kate,” Adriana said, “Rico and I have tried to kill. Rico has killed. You could never do anything worse than we have done, I promise that. Please tell us. We can help you overcome this. We can go through this together. You don’t need to hold the weight of this on your shoulders anymore. Rico and I are here to share this with you.”
Kate looked into Adriana’s eyes and decided to tell them the truth; she had no choice if she wanted this terror to end. Kate drew in a deep and shaky breath before speaking. “When I traveled to the alternate dimension, I saw the same burning world when I was there. I know that it contained my deepest desires so don’t try to convince me otherwise,” she added evenly, sensing the truth in her words.
Adriana and Rico looked at one another and nodded. They shared that same look. Then, they both turned to face her. “I think it’s time that we tell you something. It’s time that you hear the truth,” Adriana said with a sigh.
“Adriana and I believe that you were born to have visions,” Rico stated. “We think that you were born to determine the fate of the world, Kate. Adriana and I guessed this about you the day that I saw the image in the sand; we didn’t know for sure, though, until now.” Rico leaned forward, repositioning himself on Adriana’s bed so that he leaned back against the headboard. His feet hung off the edge of the bed, his shoes dirty. 
“You see,” he continued when he got comfortable, “demons like Erik and Kern haven’t been able to take over the world because a catalyst has never been found. You are what demons call a catalyst, Kate. You are what keeps the human race safe from demons. There has always been a catalyst on Earth. Once one dies, another is born. You are the single pure soul out there in the world.” 
Adriana nodded and continued Rico’s story. “Kern has never been able to find a catalyst until you. We don’t know how he found you, but he did. And that’s why he’s sent Erik here. He probably wants to keep you safe until he’s ready to claim your soul as his own. If Kern claims your soul, the purest soul in the universe, he will tip the scales in Darkness’ favor. And we clearly don’t want that.”
Rico leaned forward, interrupting Adriana. “Do you remember when I told you that Light cheated Darkness by ensuring that demons die if they are unsuccessful in their possession?”
Kate nodded once, trying to make sure of Rico’s lengthy question.
“The catalyst was Darkness’ way of keeping things even. Neither being is all-knowing of each other’s thoughts or desires, but Darkness was prepared.”
“Kate,” Adriana said as her hand reached for Kate’s pale forehead, “How are you feeling about this new knowledge? Are you okay?” The look on Adriana’s face was full of concern but Kate couldn’t see her. She couldn’t see much of anything at the moment.
Within seconds, she sat there, stoic. She couldn’t focus on anything. Her thoughts whirled around her mind, giving her a headache. Kate sat there, growing increasingly dizzy until her vision blurred. In another moment she was sprawled across the bed, her head resting against the soft pillows. It had been too much; she had blacked out.

Kate woke up on the kitchen table. Donovan, Adriana, and Rico were sitting around her. Rico was running his fingers up the inside of Kate’s arm, tickling her gently with his touch. Off to the side, Adriana and Donovan were whispering in an attempt to figure out what to do next. Their voices were soft, almost invisible against the buzz of silence.
When they all noticed that Kate had woken, they sat quietly, waiting for her to sit up. Kate’s head still hurt but she wasn’t reeling from the knowledge anymore. She sat there for a moment, catching her breath, trying to figure everything out, trying to match the puzzle pieces together until things made sense.
“Are you all right?” Adriana asked finally. Her brow was furrowed, her lips set in a frown. 
“Hold on, I’m processing everything,” Kate said.
“Take your time,” Rico whispered to her. “We can wait for you.” He looked up at her, his cobalt eyes stormier than ever. A feeling of guilt rushed through Kate’s veins at his appearance. He was probably torturing himself for hurting her. But Kate couldn’t focus on that right now. She had to focus on Kern, on Darkness, on the demons hunting her.
So Kate took a few minutes to think about this new information. She took it and mixed it with the things she already knew about herself. She knew that the image of the world on fire was real, was something that could happen. She also felt as if she wanted it to happen. If Darkness created the catalyst – created Kate - she could see how she would feel these emotions; Rico had stated previously that demons were evil in nature, so Darkness would, essentially, equate to evil as well. But did that mean that Kate was just darkness? Didn’t she have any light inside of her soul? Rico said she was pure. But how could she be if she could lie and hate?
Kate shifted her thoughts, deciding to focus on how she felt about being a catalyst. Was she supposed to start the fire? Was Kate supposed to do Darkness’ bidding? Was that her purpose in life? She knew that if Darkness created her, she must be meant to stand next to him, to be on his side; but she didn’t want to be on his side. She needed to figure out how to relinquish the hold that Darkness had on her soul; Kate needed to figure out how to be free of the Darkness within her soul. The first question that popped out of Kate’s mouth when she was ready was: “Why is it me?”
“We don’t know, Kate. We just know your purpose,” Donovan said.
“And my purpose is to determine the fate of the world?”
“Your purpose is to keep the balance. The scales are very sensitive, Kate. We need your soul to stay on this side,” Donovan said, clearly taking over the conversation.
“What do I need to do?” she asked. 
Donovan swallowed and looked down. “Kern is going to attempt to possess you at some point,” he said. “We need to make sure that he isn’t successful. Have you been able to locate your talisman yet?” he asked as he looked back up.
Kate was the one who looked down this time, ashamed. She had been so caught up in Rico and her dad that she had forgotten about the talisman. “No,” she said. “I forgot about it. I know that it’s not an excuse, but it’s the truth. I’m sorry. You gave me one task to complete, and I couldn’t do it.”
“It’s fine, Kate. I think you still have time,” Donovan said reassuringly. 
“Are you sure?” she asked. Kate bit her lip, afraid of his answer.
“No,” he said honestly, “but it’s all we’ve got.”
“Yes, I guess you’re right.”
Donovan nodded, and Kate pulled in a deep, steadying breath. “So at some point I have to allow Kern to possess me? I have to sacrifice myself?”
“No,” Rico said. He leaned forward, pulling her hand in his protectively. “You won’t be sacrificing yourself, Kate. I promise that we will save you. Your soul is the strongest there is. You’ll be able to fight him.”
“Only if she has her talisman, Rico,” Donovan interjected. “You need to find it, Kate. I’m serious about this. It’s the only way this will truly work.”
“I know,” Kate said.
Donovan didn’t look convinced. “Kate,” he said seriously. “I want to make sure that you understand the severity of the situation. If Kern succeeds in taking your soul, in possessing your body, the world will be destroyed. The visions aren’t telling you what you want, even though it may seem that way; they are telling you the truth. Your soul is the only thing protecting the fate of the world as we know it. Your soul is the only soul that matters right now, Kate. Your soul is, essentially, Light himself.”
“You mean to tell me that I am the reincarnation of Light? I thought that I was created by Darkness.” Kate raised an eyebrow at Donovan.
“No,” Donovan said. “You are Light’s daughter.”
“Donovan,” Adriana said warily, “don’t you think you’re putting too much pressure on Kate? You’re clearly frightening her,” she said, looking at the expression on Kate’s face. 
Donovan shook his head and leaned away. “No, Adriana. I’m doing what’s best for her, what’s best for the world. If anything, you and Rico are babying her. She’s sixteen, Adriana; she needs to know what’s at stake.”
“He’s right,” Kate said in agreement. “It might scare me now, but at least I know what’s going on when things start going on. I want to be as strong, as prepared, as you are. I want to be ready to fight Kern and Erik.”
“We can prepare you for that,” Donovan said.
“No!” Rico interjected, standing up quickly. “We are not going to attempt to possess Kate!” he shouted, pounding his fist on the table.
“She says she wants to be ready to face Kern, Rico!” Donovan shouted back.
Rico’s cobalt eyes blazed with anger. “She is prepared! She’s strong enough on her own, Donovan!”
“No she’s not. She has no talisman, and little luck of finding one before Kern strikes. This is the only chance she’s got.”
“I don’t care,” Rico said adamantly. “Neither of us is trying to possess her. You are far too knowledgeable. I’m too skilled. What if one of us succeeds? What happens when one of us tips the scales?”
“It would be better than Kern tipping the scales!”
Rico pulled back, striking forward, and punched Donovan in the jaw. Donovan went down and Adriana stared at Rico, angry tears burning in her eyes. She crouched down, leaning over Donovan.
“You’re letting your heart affect you,” she said simply. “Donovan is trying to protect Kate. Your heart is weakening your judgment, and you are weakening Kate.” Kate watched tears fall onto Donovan’s chest as Adriana tried to bring him back to them, to her. 
Rico moved toward Kate, but Kate pulled away. She was angry at him. After all of this time, after everything that they had been through, he still thought that she was too weak to face Donovan, who had never even tried to possess a human. What made it worse was that Rico had hit Donovan to make sure that he didn’t try, even for the sake of further preparing themselves for the ensuing battle. Kate was the type of person to speak for herself, and she wondered if Rico would always be this controlling with her life, with her soul. 
“Kate,” he said as he held out his hand, waiting for her to take it. “Come on.” He flexed his fingers impatiently. His gaze flicked back to Donovan.
“No,” she said angrily. “Donovan and Adriana are right. I need to learn how to fight Kern. If I don’t find a talisman, I’m useless. I don’t want to see the world catch fire like it did in my dreams, Rico. You can go, but I’m staying here. I’m going to learn to fight, whether you’re here beside me or not.”
Rico flinched at her words but stayed where he was. He sat back down in his chair and moped. Kate felt bad for her harsh words but knew that she needed to make her own decisions. She wouldn’t let Rico’s feelings for her come before the safety of the world; she wouldn’t make the same mistakes as before, when she let her feelings get in the way of telling Rico and Adriana the truth. They could have known this already; they could have been prepared for this long ago. She couldn’t hurt them any longer, and she would never hurt them again.
Kate turned, because Donovan was getting up now. He wiped his hand across his jaw and stared at Rico. His chocolate eyes were hurt and angry; for once, he was standing here, willing to help them fight, and this is what he got in return - nothing but anger and weakness. He stood up with the help of Adriana and turned to leave.
“Wait, Donovan. Please don’t leave,” Kate pleaded. “I want to practice. I want to learn how to defend myself.”
Donovan paused and turned to face Kate. His gaze flicked over to Rico, who sat still as he looked out at nothing. “And what about Rico?”
“He has nothing to do with this, Donovan. He can’t make this decision for me.” Kate knew that this hurt Rico, that this was the worst thing that she could say about him, but she had to say it. She knew that it was the only way to get Rico to truly leave her alone about this. She had to stand up for herself, despite what he thought.
“Okay,” Donovan said calmly. “Let’s get started.”

23

Kate found herself sitting in one of the pastel chairs that belonged underneath the kitchen table. She was sitting in the open space between the living and dining rooms. Donovan and Adriana stood off to the side, discussing how they would start from this point. Rico still sat at the kitchen table, his head in his hands. Kate could tell that he was miserable, but she couldn’t save Rico from himself.
After a few moments, Adriana and Donovan separated. Adriana went to sit next to Rico. Kate heard her murmuring to Rico; her hand was on his back in an attempt at comforting him. She was probably trying to convince Rico that everything would be alright, that Kate would be alright.
When Donovan stepped up to Kate, she grew nervous. She didn’t really know what to expect, because the last time someone tried to possess Kate she was traipsing through an alternate reality, oblivious of what was truly happening to her body and soul. “When a demon attempts to possess a human, Kate, he needs to have the human’s full attention. He will often make sure that he is the only thing that the human sees. When Kern tries to possess you, you will probably be in a room, alone with him. He won’t allow anyone to be near you.”
Kate nodded, understanding.
Donovan continued. “The first step of any possession is the Rite of Control. The demon must say this rite, asking the human for permission to take the soul. Usually, the permission isn’t granted, it is forced. The first line is as follows: ‘I beg of you, my soul, to grant thy one request’. The demon is literally asking the human soul to grant him entrance into their body.  Are you following me so far?” Donovan asked.
“Yes,” Kate said. “I understand perfectly.”
“Okay,” he said before continuing.  “The second line, ‘Let thee share thou pleasure’, is sort of reiterating the first. It tells the human that the demon wants to share the pleasures of a human soul, to share human emotions and feelings with the human host.
The third line is, once again, asking for permission. This one says: ‘Allow these wishes met’. It gives the illusion that the human has the right or power to refuse the demon. However, this is not the case because of the demon’s strength. He, as I stated before, essentially takes the soul from the human.” Donovan stopped and bit the inside of his cheek. Kate looked up at him, taking in his handsome features, so different from Rico and Adriana. His five o’clock shadow was always there, making his young face appear a little bit older; his chocolate eyes were always serious, except when he was looking at Adriana. His mouth was always held taut. Now he looked a bit nervous, like he wished he wasn’t doing this anymore. Kate hoped he didn’t regret his decision.
“The fourth line is where it gets tricky,” he said as he looked back at Kate. “The fourth line is: ‘Thou warmth concedes – blend fire and ice’. As Rico has probably explained to you by now, demons are frozen creatures. Your human soul lends you warmth, thus the use of the word in the line. It is essentially saying that if your soul allows the demon entrance, you will blend. The human is the fire, the demon the ice. When you blend, you become one, sharing the same soul. Most demons, though, will not actually share the soul with the human host. The demon will take complete control once the human is weak enough. When the human is weakened enough, the demon controls everything the human does; the human lives within the demon, witnessing everything that happens, but doesn’t have the capability or power to stop the demon. If the demon makes it to this point, the human has no chance. He or she will eventually die, becoming weaker as the demon gets stronger. When the human dies, the demon resorts back to his physical form and discards the body.”
“Wait,” Kate interrupted, “Can a demon choose to leave the human host? If you are successful in possessing me, can you leave?”
“Not unless the demon is willing to sacrifice his life. If a demon possesses a human but relinquishes control, he is essentially allowing the human to expel his body. Don’t forget that when a human is strong enough to expel a demon, that demon will die. We must keep the soul of the human that we possess until the human body dies and the soul returns to Light. Some humans are strong and can live for years, but others can only live for days or months. But to fully answer your question, I would say no. Even I would not be strong enough to choose death over possession of a human soul, Kate.”
“Okay,” she said, growing increasingly nervous. She stayed focused on Donovan though, not willing to show Rico her nervousness.
“The fifth, and final line, is as follows: ‘then give to thee, eternal life’. When the demon takes over the soul, he does, at least momentarily, have eternal life. It’s metaphorical, really. All demons want, in all honesty, is a chance to an eternal life. We do have one right now, with our immortal bodies, but as I told you in the hospital, we are afraid of death. There is nothing there for us when we die. When demons share human souls, they not only feel and love as humans do; they get a glimpse of what comes after life for those with immortal souls. Do you understand all of this?”
“Yes,” Kate said. 
Donovan nodded once and put his hands behind his back. He stood in a casual military position now. “Once I say the incantation, you must attempt to fight. You can do this physically and mentally, Kate. You can push my hands away from you; you can kick and bite and punch me. Demons can feel physical pain as you have seen, so don’t be afraid to come at me as hard as you can. I am much stronger than you are, so make sure that you aren’t too obvious. You don’t want me to strike you. It could break things. Do you understand?” he asked as he looked down at Kate, his chocolate eyes clear and serious.
“I understand,” Kate said with a single nod. “What else do I need to know about fighting demons, about fighting you?” She looked up bravely; she had to absorb all of this information, so she needed to stay focused on his words. The only way that she would remember this was to face it, face him, face danger.
“You need to know how to fight mentally,” Donovan answered. “When I attempt to enter your mind, you need to throw walls up. You can use your imagination, Kate. Picture barriers in your mind, create obstacles, do anything your heart desires. I literally have to crawl through your mind in order to reach your soul.”
“Okay. Where exactly is my soul, Donovan?”
Donovan smiled. “Have you ever heard of the phrase, ‘the eyes are the window to the soul’, Kate?”
Kate nodded instead of speaking.
“It’s the truth. Your soul lies behind your eyes. That’s why human eyes are so expressive.”
“Your eyes, and Adriana’s and Rico’s, are expressive too. Why?”
“They are, but it’s to make us appear human. We don’t feel the feelings as intensely as you humans do, though. That’s why we do what we do; that’s why we possess.”
“Oh,” Kate said. “I understand.”
“Are you ready now, Kate?” Donovan lifted his hands above his head, stretching his back. He cracked his knuckles, preparing himself for the inevitable possession. He was partially ready, partially afraid of doing something wrong by doing something right.
“I just have one more question about the incantation,” Kate said, interrupting his inner monologue.
Donovan was glad to be released by his fears. “Ask me anything,” he said, enjoying the distraction she created for him. 
“Why must you place your thumbs on my temples?”
“It is the easiest way to enter your body. It is the thinnest part of your cranium, so it is where we enter. Is that all now?” His voice was tired, impatient, afraid. 
Kate nodded.
“Are you entirely certain that you’re ready?” he asked once more. The question was also for him, to give himself time to breathe in once more, to focus on the task at hand.
“Yes,” Kate said. “I’m as ready as I’ll ever be.”
“Okay. Let’s go,” Donovan whispered, his voice quieter now that he was about to do something he had never planned on doing. He took a deep breath, and released it slowly. Kate thought that he almost seemed nervous.
Then, Donovan began to recite the Rite of Control:

“I beg of you, my soul, to grant thy one request.
Let thee share thou pleasure.
Allow thee wishes met.
Thou warmth concedes – blend fire and ice.
Then give to thee, eternal life.” 

Donovan stepped closer to Kate when he was finished. He placed his hands on either side of her face, just like Cole had, his thumbs on her temples. Kate sat there for a moment. She could sense Rico’s taut muscles to her right, knowing that he would pounce on Donovan if need be. She could feel Adriana’s energy, a mix of disgust and understanding.
Kate allowed Donovan to get comfortable, and then lashed out, kicking his shin. When she made contact, he stumbled back and growled like he was someone else. He rushed toward Kate but she was too quick, too lucky this first time. She lunged to her left and fell on the floor. Donovan was upon her within seconds, though, his hands much firmer on her face. Kate could feel him pushing against her temples and she threw up cement walls with barbed wire on top of them. Men stood atop towers with machine guns. Donovan retreated at first, but pushed forward. He made it past the first set of defenses, and Kate tossed up a wide canyon with a dangerous river flowing between its walls. Donovan built a bridge with the trees that she so carelessly imagined. 
After a few seconds, Kate could tell that she was growing tired. She could feel herself weakening, and she was drenched in sweat. She tossed up one last obstacle, knowing that if he moved past it, he would claim her soul. The idea came, quick as a flash. She threw out Erik with his dark magic.
Donovan flew across the room, slamming into the wall opposite her. He opened his eyes, startled by her ferocity and ability. A fierce smile broke across his face. “You were absolutely perfect,” he said as he stood up. “Erik. I would have never guessed you would use something like that. Remember it. It was beautiful, and it worked. You’re strong, Kate, and I think that you can do this.”
“You used Erik and his dark magic?” Rico asked from his seat. His head was no longer in his hands; he was no longer staring blankly ahead of him. He looked happy and relieved that it was over, that Kate was successful. His cobalt eyes were no longer stormy.
“Donovan was so close. I didn’t know what else to do. It was a reaction. It was the only thing that I have seen hurt you, so I knew that it would hurt Donovan, too.”
Rico stood up and walked over to Kate. He lifted her up into an embrace, spinning her around, and kissed her when he set her down. “You’re brilliant,” he said with a smile. An excited laugh escaped his throat when he looked into her grey eyes. “I must admit that I was afraid of what would happen, but I think you’ve got something up your sleeve, Kate.” Rico’s eyes squinted and he tilted his head to the side. “Do you mind if I try?” he asked her.
Kate laughed. “Let me rest a moment first. Is that okay?”

24

An hour later, with sunrise breaking across the horizon, Kate was sitting in the pastel chair again. It’s hard, cool surface was comforting; it was concrete proof that Kate had been able to expel Donovan from her body. As she waited for her next attempted possession, she thought about the previous one. A question formed on her lips. “Rico?” Kate asked.
“What is it, Kate? Are you nervous?”
“No, I was just curious about something.”
“What is it?” Rico prompted. Kate watched as Rico moved so that he was standing in front of her. The muscles in his shoulders seemed tense even though his mood had lifted. Kate could see that his cobalt eyes were clear but his mouth was tight, almost as if he was trying very hard not to frown. She swallowed before asking him.
“Why didn’t Donovan die?” she whispered. “Both of you said that if a human expels a demon, the demon dies. I don’t understand.”
“Donovan didn’t touch your soul. Entering the human’s body is only a part of the possession. The actual possession takes place when the demon begins to capture the human soul. Since Donovan didn’t reach your soul, it technically wasn’t a possession; it was an attempt at one, but it wasn’t enough to kill him. It is enough to harm a demon, but he must be grasping your soul before you expel him. That is the only way that he will die.”
Kate’s brows pulled together in confusion. She offered Rico her best you’ve-got-to-be-kidding-me look. “So I have to let Kern pass my barriers? Why do I even throw them up then?”
Rico reached forward and squeezed Kate’s hand, calming her. “You need to weaken the demon, Kate. If you do not weaken the demon then you cannot expel him, because you will be the one that is too weak.”
“But saving my soul from Donovan was hard enough. How am I supposed to protect it from someone like Kern, from someone like you?”
“You truly have to fight for it, Kate. You have to throw up defenses that you know will weaken the demon attempting to possess you. Use his weaknesses to your advantage. Do you understand?”
Kate nodded. She knew what she would have to do in order to push Rico from her mind, but she knew nothing about Kern. What would she throw up when he attempted to possess her soul?
Rico moved so that he was right in front of Kate; he lowered himself so that he could look into her eyes. “We will find out Kern’s weaknesses, Kate. Right now we need to worry about Erik. He’s our immediate threat. We’ll worry about Kern when Erik is gone.”
“But Kern and Erik work together, Rico. How can you be sure that Kern isn’t here too? How do you know that I’m safe from Kern right now?”
“I can’t be sure, Kate. But I have this feeling that Erik isn’t just working for Kern. I feel as though he has a hidden agenda; I just don’t know what that is. I can’t figure out why he would be here. He can’t use you to control the other demons. Your soul is important but not in the way that he would want to use it. I’m working on things, but you have to be patient with me while I figure it all out, okay?” 
Kate nodded, still afraid of what would happen in the future. Kern might not be an immediate threat, but the idea of Kern still scared Kate in a way that Erik never could. She shuddered involuntarily.
“I will always protect you,” Rico whispered before stepping away from Kate.
Kate looked up, catching his small smile. She watched Rico push his long, raven hair from his eyes before he began to circle her. He was a predator, stalking his prey. Kate tensed up, afraid of what would happen to her when he attempted to push his way inside her mind. When Rico spoke the Rite of Control, it was in French: 

“Je vous en prie, mon âme, d'accorder ta seule demande.
Laissez-toi plaisir tu partager.
Permettez-toi souhaite rencontré.
La chaleur Tu concède - le feu et la glace mélange.
Puis donner à toi, la vie éternelle.”

Kate was mesmerized by the sound of his voice speaking another language. It was richly romantic and beautiful. She almost forgot that he was trying to take her soul, and when he placed his hands on her face, she was almost too late. Good thing she had quick enough reflexes. She surely didn’t want Rico possessing her, reading her inner thoughts and desires.
Kate threw up a mental defense first, tossing out Adriana and Donovan. Rico pulled back, shocked that she would do such a thing. When he pulled back Kate lashed out, kicking Rico hard in the stomach. Rico fell to his knees and Kate got up to run. Rico stood up quickly, grabbed Kate’s wrist, and spun her around. He pulled Kate toward him and shoved her back into the seat. Rico’s fingers were pressing against Kate’s shoulders, holding her there. She gasped in pain; Rico’s strength was almost unbearable, and Kate knew that she would develop bruises soon. She looked into Rico’s blue eyes, now tinged with the swirling grey of storm clouds. She watched as he murmured the incantation again before resuming the possession. 
When Rico’s presence entered her mind, Kate tossed out a beautiful garden with deadly flowers, and plants that emitted poisonous gases instead of oxygen. Kate felt his presence choke because of the lack of oxygen, but it didn’t take long for Rico to break down this defense. Kate threw up a room with no windows or doors. Quotes from Pride and Prejudice littered the walls along with rusty nails and other sharp objects. Rico pushed at the weakest points, breaking the walls down with his physical strength. The last defense that Kate pushed up was an image of herself. Rico stopped there, and she felt him retreat. 
They stayed there, looking into each other’s eyes for a moment, breathing hard. “You were perfect,” he said. “I think you can handle yourself. I trust you with my heart.”
“What did she throw up?” asked Adriana. Her dark eyes bored into Rico’s but her hand stayed tangled with Donovan’s hand. “What made you stop?”
Rico turned around. “Kate projected an image of herself,” he said. “She played against my weaknesses. She knew that I would never harm her on purpose. It was a surprise but it also worked.” He turned back to face Kate before speaking again. “You aren’t bad, Kate. I agree with Donovan. I truly think that you have what it takes to beat Kern.”
Kate saw Adriana smile out of the corner of her eye.
“The only problem,” Kate said, “is that I knew your weaknesses, Rico. I knew what would hurt you. Even though you broke through my first two defenses I felt your reluctance. You didn’t really want to because those memories were special to you. What do I do with Kern or Erik? I don’t know them as well as I know you, or even Donovan, for that matter. I know that you said that we would figure it out, Rico. I understand that but it still scares me.”
“The only thing you can do is try,” Donovan interjected.
“I agree,” Rico said. “You successfully threw both of us out of your mind. I think you’ll come up with something to harm Erik and Kern.”
Kate nodded reluctantly. She was still damp with sweat and wanted to shower badly. Her nerves were tingling with anticipation mixed with anxiety. Kate almost felt sick with the knowledge that she would have to fight Erik or Kern next; it was like their presences loomed over her, haunting her. She wanted to feel as confident as those around her, but it was impossible. Kate knew her limitations much more than the others did, and she was afraid that she would not be as successful when the time came to really fight.
After taking a break and drinking lots of water, Rico and Adriana walked Kate back home. They talked about Kate’s success the entire time. Kate stayed quiet, hoping that they wouldn’t jinx any progress she had made. She knew that she would have to continue practicing; she wouldn’t truly be able to expel an elder demon with just a couple lessons. There was so much more that she needed to know, and she wanted to gain as much of an advantage as she could before Erik arrived.
Kate waved goodbye a few houses before hers, and walked the rest of the way alone. The sun was already shining over the ocean. Kate hoped that her parents hadn’t found out that she was missing yet; she hoped that her father was still tucked safely in bed, that he would be feeling better this morning. Kate was wrong to hope.
Aaron sat on the front porch with a cup of coffee, waiting for Kate. He stood up when she came in to view, but waited to speak to her until she was close enough to hear him speak at a normal volume. “Where have you been?” he asked. His voice was soft and filled with genuine concern for her safety. Kate instantly felt a surge of guilt for worrying him; he cared so much for her, and she couldn’t even leave a note.
“I’m sorry, Dad. I was out with Adriana and Rico. I lost track of the time, and before we knew it the sun was rising. I’m sorry,” she said as she walked up the front steps. Kate bit her lip as she looked down at her dad. He looked better this morning, more like his old self.
Aaron sighed. “As long as you’re safe,” he said lovingly. “Your safety is all that matters to me.” He held his arm out and Kate leaned in for a big hug.
“Thank you for understanding, Dad. I love you so much,” she mumbled into his shoulder.
“I love you too, honey. Now come inside. Breakfast is on the table.” Aaron got up after taking another sip of his steaming coffee. He turned around and stepped into the cozy beach house, holding the door open for Kate.
Kate grabbed the door and followed her father inside. The overwhelming scent of a nice breakfast made the house smell wonderful. There were eggs and bacon, along with biscuits and honey, on the table. Kate poured herself a glass of milk before sitting in between her parents. She watched as the two interacted, pleased to see that things were getting easier between them; they were even laughing and joking today. Her mom seemed genuinely happy, and Kate was surprised to see that her mother was dressed for work.
“What are you doing, Mom? Today is Sunday. I thought we’d all hang out.”
“I was called in to work this morning,” Blaire grumbled, her voice rough with annoyance. “There’s an emergency at the office and they need my help.”
“What? Why do they need your help? Can’t the workers who were hired to work weekends deal with it? Isn’t that their job?”
Blaire shook her head sadly. “No, baby, they can’t. They need a marine biologist to do this one. I’m sorry to disappoint you. I guess this means that you can have your father, daughter day in peace, though. That’s something to look forward to,” she said with a smile.
“How long are you going to be gone?”
“I could have to stay overnight if this issue is as big as they’re claiming. I’m hoping they’re being overdramatic. Cross your fingers for me,” Blaire said as she stood up. She pulled down her grey shirt and pushed her curls behind her ears. Kate saw that she wore long silver earrings that almost reached her shoulders. 
“Wait, what? You’re leaving right now?” Kate asked as she glanced at the clock. It wasn’t even eight o’clock yet. Her mom didn’t leave that early on a normal day.
“I’m sorry, Kate,” Blaire said. She leaned down and kissed the top of Kate’s head before she left, her silver earrings chiming as the individual strands tangled and untangled themselves. Kate watched her disappear, anxious for some strange reason.
Upset that her mother had to work, Kate ate her breakfast in silence. Afterwards, she went upstairs to shower and get dressed for her father, daughter day. As she dressed, she realized that she was kind of excited to hang out with her dad again. Maybe she could even figure out what her talisman was. Maybe he would somehow, inadvertently, tell her what it was that tied her to this world.
A little while later, Kate walked downstairs in jean shorts and a black t-shirt. Her necklace rested against her skin, on the inside of the shirt. She was afraid that it would catch the light in the small living room and shine; she told her dad everything, but she wasn’t willing to share this secret. He wasn’t ready to learn about demons and possessions; Kate wasn’t ready to expose him to it. If she did, she’d have to tell him the whole story, and that wasn’t going to happen; she had to protect him like he protected her.
When Kate stepped into the living room, she sat down next to her dad and snuggled in to watch a movie. “I think I’d like something exciting,” she said as her dad flicked through the plethora of movie channels.
“I think I know what you’re looking for,” Aaron said with a smile. He found the action movies, and they ended up picking one of the classics. After hitting play, they settled down. Aaron was excited by the movie, and he leaned forward, eager to follow the plot; Kate couldn’t really enjoy the film because she was so tired. She did watch some of it, but after a half hour her eyes began to flutter and she ended up falling into a deep sleep. She was so tired that she didn’t even hear the sounds that took place around her.

Kate was in her familiar ivory gown. She was standing in her parents’ bedroom, watching her sick father cough. She couldn’t understand, for the life of her, why she was standing here. This moment had already passed; her father was much better right now. Still, Kate waited and watched. When nothing changed, she grew upset, wondering how this was going to help her conscience. Eventually, after getting sick of watching her father’s continuous suffering, she turned to leave.
“You are mine,” said a familiar voice. It was deep and rough, as if the speaker used it far too much.
Kate jerked around, seeing only her father in the room.
“You cannot take me,” her father said. “I won’t let you take me.” His face contorted in pain and he tried reaching for his throat, scratching at it like it was the cause of all of it.
Kate stepped back, confused. Was her father going crazy? Was he insane? A million worries fluttered through Kate’s head; a million diagnoses, including schizophrenia or multiple personality disorder, followed. What she learned next paralyzed her with fear. She had been so unprepared.
“You are mine. I will take you, I swear it,” the familiar voice said again. The voice came from her father’s mouth. No, this could not be happening. But it did; it already happened because this was in the past. 
Kate stepped back, her heart pounding. The sound seemed louder than the voices coming from her father. One of the voices was his, but the other voice, the other voice was Erik’s. He was inside her father, part of him. Erik had possessed her father.
Suddenly, all of it clicked, sliding together to complete the whole picture like one of those puzzles that has to be rearranged to make sense. That was why her father had been sick that long. He’d been fighting so hard to expel Erik from his body, to push him out. But there had been no one to save him. No one knew what was wrong. No one saw what was happening right in front of them. And now, Kate was alone in the living room with Erik. This was what she was meant to see through the telescope; she understood all of it now. 
Kate stepped forward, trying to ease her father’s pain, knowing that he couldn’t see her or sense her presence. No wonder why he had been acting weird, snapping at her mother for no reason; it hadn’t been her father at all. A hundred questions burst through Kate’s mind at this newest realization. Why did Erik want to spend a day with Kate when he wasn’t even her father? And then the worst question of all: why had he gotten rid of Blaire?

25

Kate was jolted awake when water soaked her shirt and hair. She began to move but realized that she was stuck. She looked down and saw that she was tied to a metal chair. Rough twine and heavy metal chains cut into her arms, clawing at the tender skin of her arms. The metal was cold against Kate’s bare skin, and she began shivering because of the temperature and the fear that was crawling through her veins. She sat for a moment before she thought to look up. Her father sat in front of her, an empty bucket in his hands, a sneer spreading across his features. But he wasn’t really her father. 
Unable to look into his eyes, Kate looked around. She was in her living room. All of the furniture was pushed against the walls, leaving a huge space in the middle of the dark, mahogany floor. Erik was circling her like a wild beast closing in on his prey. His smile was that of a crazed maniac’s, his eyes no different than those of a rabid dog. She could almost see the thick drool dripping from his snarl.
Kate stared at her father; she was afraid of him. She was afraid of him more than she would ever be of Erik alone. She looked down, afraid of looking him in the eyes, afraid of looking into her father’s eyes, knowing that he wasn’t the one staring back at her, knowing that he would never stare back at her. Kate knew that she had to be brave, though. She knew that she had to face her father, no Erik, and she had to appear strong and unafraid of him. She couldn’t let him know her weaknesses; she couldn’t let him know how much power he had over her. 
Erik began laughing Aaron’s laugh, and Kate looked up into her father’s brown eyes. She wasn’t certain how she would pull it off, how she would convince him that she was brave, but she couldn’t do it if they didn’t speak at all. “Erik,” she said calmly.
Erik smiled down at her, his lips pulled into something that resembled a grimace. “When did you figure it out, Kate? Did your little dreams tell you?”
Kate sighed and shook her head. “I should have known,” she admitted. “You treated my mother so badly that day. My father would never say those things to her.”
“Darling, your father isn’t here anymore. He’s dying. His body and soul will be useless to me in a couple more days. He’s not as strong as he looks, is he?” Erik laughed her father’s laugh again. The sound burned in Kate’s throat and stung her eyes. She felt angry tears threaten to tumble down her cheeks, but she forced them back, knowing that she needed to keep pretending. She needed to stay strong enough to hide her fear and sadness.
Erik cleared his throat, pulling Kate from her inner monologue. “Aren’t you the least bit curious about what I’m doing here?” he probed. “I can’t tell you unless you ask, my dear.”
Kate saw no other choice. “Why are you here, Erik?” she mumbled angrily. Her voice was low, tight. But she kept it inside. She could do this.
“I am here because you made me angry,” he started. “You had to send your boyfriend here to check me out. You had to spy on me.” Erik paced around the room. “And your father annoyed me. I could tell he was catching on to my plan. He thought it was weird that I asked you so many questions. Your mother is a much nicer person, my dear. However, it was more fun to take your father’s soul. He was such a fighter, that is, until I broke him.” Erik laughed maniacally. The sound was high pitched and hurt Kate’s ears. She didn’t flinch, though, didn’t look away.
Now, she was angry and defensive. She lifted up her barricades, knowing that she would never let Erik harm her. He had done this out of anger and revenge. He had done this because he could, because Aaron was just collateral damage. Kern may not be angry at Erik for taking his rage out on Kate’s human father. For all intents and purposes, he was still keeping Kate’s body and soul safe or keeping an eye on Rico and Adriana; whatever his purpose was, Kate was sure that it was not to keep Aaron safe also. “Who did you have to pay to weaken his body before you got in?” she spat. 
Erik’s eyes blazed and in a fit of anger he rushed toward Kate and smacked her across her face, hard. Tears stung Kate’s eyes, her right cheek stung, and her mouth burned furiously. She bit down on her tongue when he hit her, making sure that she didn’t scream, didn’t give him the satisfaction of hearing her cry out in pain. She would show no weakness. She would be strong, like her father had been.
“So you did pay someone,” she said smugly. “Even with your dark magic you can’t fight a human fairly? I thought demons were stronger than humans, Erik. I thought you were stronger than that.”
“You don’t know what you’re talking about. You know nothing about fighting for your life or what it truly means. You don’t know what it’s like being thought of as a parasite. You don’t know anything at all,” he spat. 
“I know a true elder demon should be someone that takes his own souls,” Kate replied, her voice stronger than it had ever been.
Erik rushed at her again and lifted his hand in the air. Kate braced herself but felt nothing. She opened her eyes to see that Erik was still leaning over her. Slowly and deliberately, he moved his hands on the chair’s armrest and pressed his weight onto her arms. Kate almost felt the blood circulation cutting off; it was like putting a kink in a water hose, and the pressure building in Kate’s arms was almost unbearable. She watched in amazement as her fingers and arms began to turn purple from lack of blood. Erik was going to weaken Kate’s body as well. Was he going to attempt to take her soul and discard her father’s body? Kate wasn’t certain that he could do that, but she didn’t know the extent of dark magic either. She wasn’t about to assume that Erik’s magic couldn’t make her darkest nightmares come true.
Suddenly, Erik’s voice rang out around her. “I am no elder demon, Kate. I am a god. I have powers beyond anything that you’ve ever dreamed of. I am almighty. I am immortal. I am omnipotent. I am a god.”
Kate laughed, and was surprised that it sounded hard and gritty. This man was just a power-hungry child that needed to be spanked into submission. Her voice was just as gritty when she spoke. “You will never be any of those things. To be a god you must be loved. You must be cherished. You will never be admired or worshiped. You will never be special; you will always be just like everyone else.”
This time, he did smack her. Kate’s cheek burned even more this time. Kate knew that it was red, knew that it would bruise, but she didn’t care. She watched as Erik took a step back. He composed himself and walked around in circles, admiring his – Aaron’s – fingernails. He began humming a depressing tune to himself. Kate watched as his neck muscles visibly relaxed. She began to see through his façade; Erik’s pride was a weakness. He hated when people called him names. There. At least she did something right.
“You may think that you’re the important one in the room; you may think that I’m here for you, that I’m here for Kern. You’re wrong. I’m here for myself,” Erik claimed. His voice was a raspy whisper, almost as if he was convincing himself.
“What do you mean here for yourself?” Kate asked. She couldn’t help her curiosity. She momentarily forgot her plan to anger Erik, and leaned forward, morbidly eager to hear his response.
“You don’t recognize me do you?” Erik sneered proudly. Kate’s father looked awkward making this gesture. It frightened Kate in a way that worried her; she didn’t know how much more of this she could take.
Suddenly, Erik seemed to melt inside himself, and Kate watched in horror as he fought for further control with Aaron. It almost appeared as if Aaron was talking to himself again, and the sight truly scared Kate.  She listened to her father’s kind voice, and Erik’s rough and deep voice fight for control of Aaron’s body. It hit Kate suddenly, knowledge that she should have already known, knowledge that her mind should have connected a long time ago.
Erik was the man that had attacked Kate during her first night in her new town. She should have recognized his deep voice before; she should have remembered his silhouette – the tall, dark figure. A fresh wave of fear washed over Kate. Erik had been here all along. He had known about Kate this whole time. 
“How long have you been watching me?” she whispered.
“I’ve been watching you for a while, Kate. Your whole life has been spent under my watchful eye, my shadow. My existence for the past sixteen years has been spent watching you. I know you better than you know yourself. I know your strengths and weaknesses, your darkness, your light. I know who you love and who you hate. I know everything.”
Kate chose to ignore his creepiness. “You’ve been watching me and keeping me safe for Kern?” she asked instead.
“Sort of,” Erik admitted. “I only recently found out who you were and why Kern wants your soul, your pure soul, the only pure soul on planet Earth.”
“Why does he want me?” Kate pressed.
“Darling Kate, I will never tell you why. I will let Kern tell you that, when he deals with you. You know, he should be here soon. He’s busy at the moment, finishing the body and soul that he currently claims, but when he is finished with that one he will claim yours. You will be his final victim.”
“Final victim? Does he plan on dying?”
“No,” Erik laughed. “He will live forever with your soul, with your body. He will be immortal. He will be pure. You will forever be trapped in his body, trapped in his soul.” Erik’s voice was oddly serious now, and Kate grew weary, afraid. She didn’t know this. She wasn’t sure if she wanted to. But she had to know. She had to deal with it.
Kate swallowed but refused to speak, because she knew her voice would betray her this time, and Erik couldn’t see her weakness. Not now.
Erik looked at Kate and laughed hysterically, understanding her fresh discovery, her fear. He did know her, far too well. Kate sat stunned. She could speak no more. He didn’t even need her to speak to read her mind, and it made things worse. However, her silence didn’t do much to entertain Erik, and his laughter quickly faded. He watched Kate sift through her tangled feelings, becoming bored within a few seconds. “Let’s see,” he said suddenly, growing serious. “This little game is getting boring. Let’s get this party started.”
Kate turned, following Erik as he crossed the living room and walked toward her parents’ bedroom. She could hear the sounds of metal scraping on wood. She crossed her fingers, hoping against hope that this was no torture device, that Erik wouldn’t inflict physical pain on her any longer. She was wrong again, as always. This kind of pain was much worse.

26

Kate stared at Erik while he dragged her mother’s body out of the room. Blaire was tied up like Kate; her head sagged and hung against her lifeless body, resting on her shoulder. Her chestnut curls covered her tired face and lay tangled in the long chains of her silver earrings. She was still wearing her work clothes.
“I tried to get rid of her, Kate. She came back,” Erik said sadly. He clucked, almost as if he regretted what he did, what he was about to do. Kate’s heart began to pound. She wasn’t strong enough to say no when her mother was involved. 
Kate kept shaking her head back and forth. “How did she come back? I thought you made sure she was gone!” Kate said accusingly.
Erik swallowed and shrugged instead of speaking. For the first time, Kate saw a real weakness in him. He was upset. He didn’t know what went wrong, and he was still trying to figure it out. 
“You can’t control your dark magic,” Kate finally whispered.
“Shut up,” Erik warned. He glanced over at Kate before looking back at Blaire.
Kate pushed forward. “Why can’t you control it? What’s it like, Erik?”
Erik lifted his eyes and focused on Kate, ignoring Blaire. Kate sighed in relief. Her plan had worked so far. “You need to stop talking, Kate,” Erik half-sung. Then his voice changed into a deep, hollow sound. “You need to stop talking. Now.”
“Why?” Kate asked, her voice taunting. “Are you going to come over here and slap me again? Are you going to show me how weak you are?”
“Shut up!” Erik screamed. The sound was so loud that Kate swore it shook the entire house. His voice rang like a shrill bell, like a never-ending echo that traveled down a long hallway. It startled Kate, and she saw her mother stir. No, Kate couldn’t lose Erik’s attention now. She was just feeling around, digging deeper to find Erik’s true weaknesses. She couldn’t stop now; she was so close.
Kate threw out one desperate attempt at holding and keeping Erik’s attention. “You’re weak,” she whispered. “You need others to weaken your humans. You need others to lead you. You need other bodies, human bodies, to fight your battles. You, alone, are nothing at all. You are a true parasite.” Her words were venom that attacked Erik, and he looked at her. She could tell that she was winning, that she was getting what she wanted from him.
Erik just stared blankly at Kate. She watched as, momentarily, Aaron’s soft eyes lost most of their color. For a moment, Kate stared into Erik’s eyes, pale disks that reflected pure hatred and evil. She flinched, sensing that she had opened something that she would never be able to close. She could have never imagined it would be this bad.
Kate watched as a dense fog rolled into the room. She knew by now that this fog wasn’t real; it was too snakelike, slithering across the wooden panels toward her. Kate thought, almost, that it was its own being, that it was merely being commanded by the demon, but shook that idea away, knowing that it sounded insane.
The smoky fog moved until it lay on the floor at Kate’s feet, a dog waiting for an order from its master. Kate could feel the frozen depths wafting from the mist. Her toes grew cold as it stretched toward her, licking her skin. Kate’s eyes grew wide with fear; she couldn’t fight this dark magic by herself. She wouldn’t win.
Erik smiled at her. He was almost laughing at his power, at his ability to win the fight so easily. However, within seconds, Kate could sense a shift in the room. She saw Erik’s strength visibly dissipate. He tried to draw the tendrils of power toward him, to reclaim them, but the fog ignored him and pushed forward, completing Erik’s first wish by slithering up Kate’s tanned skin. The dark magic was going to kill Kate; it was going to destroy her. 
Kate looked up at Erik, panicked. He did nothing, just stared at the fog as it moved across the floor. Kate grew still as she looked down at the fog too. Half of her wanted to believe that it was like quicksand, that if she stayed still she wouldn’t be killed as quickly; the other half of her knew better, and she gave in, letting fate take its course. She watched as the dark magic took over, as the fog enveloped her in its frigid embrace. She could fight no more.
Resigned, Kate closed her eyes and tried to focus on the good parts of her life. However, the dark magic was commanding her attention. The tendrils wrapped around her, enveloping her in its folds like it was caressing her. It took its time so that Kate froze slowly, so that she suffered. After a few seconds, Kate felt the warmth fade. It felt like water was being pulled through her veins, cooling her skin, bones, and muscles. At first, she found it relaxing even though her mind was terrified. After the warmth faded from her fingertips altogether, she screamed.

Kate stood outside her body, her ivory dress blowing in an imaginary wind. She saw herself screaming but heard nothing. She watched as tendrils of warmth left her body through her heart, flowing directly into the mist. The warmth was an orange glow that moved toward her heart, a fire that was slowly fading. When it left Kate’s hands, they turned grey and lifeless.
She saw Erik standing off to the side, clearly afraid of the mist now that he could no longer control it completely. His hands were clenched into fists at his sides and he muttered unintelligible words. Kate grew angry with him for allowing this to happen to her. She would die because of Erik’s careless mistakes. Kate would die because of Erik’s weakness. She would suffer because she broke through them.
Kate couldn’t turn back to look at herself. She couldn’t watch anymore. She did the only thing she could do now. She ran. Something pulled her along the beach toward Adriana’s house. She had to escape there, to protect herself. She had to find Rico, Adriana, anyone that could help her. Kate had to protect her soul.
The sand was warm and soft, scratching against Kate’s feet, pushing her forward. It was a welcome feeling, the warmth that it provided her; only moments ago she felt the warmth being pulled from her body at the hands of Erik’s dark magic. Kate ran quickly and when she reached the back door, she shoved her way inside. The cool tiles were smooth against her bare feet, a contradiction to the warm, rough sand that lay just outside. She felt the banister, the carpet on the second floor. 
Kate rushed forward and pushed her way into Rico’s room.
Rico sat up immediately, seeing Kate. “Kate?” he asked. “What are you doing here? I thought you were with your father?”
Kate shook her head and stepped further into the room. “He’s not my father anymore,” she sobbed.
“What?” Rico asked, standing. He moved to Kate but noticed that her presence was ethereal, her skin translucent, sparkling in the light that came in through the window. She was more beautiful than ever. Her features were more defined somehow; her grey eyes shimmered, her dark lashes long and thick, her soft lips fuller. Kate’s curls were perfect tendrils of glossy chestnut; tiny white flowers were stuck in Kate’s hair, which contained dozens of tiny braids that broke up the monotony of her curls. This was Kate’s soul.
“Erik possessed my father. Rico, my body is in trouble. I need you to save it. Erik is using dark magic on my body right now, stealing its warmth, and taking it for himself. He tried to pull it back but he’s losing control. The dark magic is too powerful for him, and it’s killing me. Erik’s killing me, Rico.”
Rico didn’t speak. He ran, lightning fast, past Kate. She knew that he was grabbing Adriana and Donovan, eager to have his friends by his side as he destroyed the being that was harming the girl he loved.
Kate turned to follow him but felt a tug in her heart. She wasn’t surprised when she was yanked back inside her mortal body. Her mission was complete and it was time to return home, no matter how terrible it was at the moment.

Kate was shivering now, certain that the warmth was almost gone. How had she done that? How had she projected her soul? How had she used it to rescue herself? That wasn’t a normal vision. She had never really felt the things she touched, especially not like she had moments ago, when she was just her soul. When she had been like that, things felt real, more real than they did when she was in her human body; she could see what demons were searching for now that she had a glimpse of it. She could see why they wanted a soul so badly; she also could see that there had to be another way. There just had to.
As she thought, a new idea floated through her mind, and she knew instantly that it was the truth. Light sent Kate the visions. He protected her soul, making sure that Darkness would find it more difficult to steal it from her. She wasn’t just Darkness’ creation, and she never belonged to him. She was Light’s child, fastened from Darkness’ desires, created because Light allowed it to be so. Kate was no catalyst. She wasn’t going to be used as some sort of portal; she wasn’t going to be a puppet. She wasn’t what held the delicate balance of good and evil. She was just a part of it, a piece in a never-ending puzzle, one in a million. No, the balance of good and evil hung within demons and mankind as a whole. Just like Rico had said the night he told Kate about the world around her, there were good and bad people; there were also good and bad demons. Everyone wanted her for no reason. This was a joke, a trick that Light was playing on Darkness. She had no power in determining the fate of the world; she was just an ordinary girl. Kate might have been the only pure soul in the world, which would be reason enough to come after her, but it wasn’t because of a predetermined notion. It was because Kate had a pure heart. She realized now that the soul wasn’t behind a person’s eyes. It was nestled within a person’s heart. Humans could fight possessions because they were being done improperly. Light had won that battle.
Without warning, Kate was torn from her thoughts; her strength was waning now. Her legs and arms were nothing anymore. She could feel the warmth stretching throughout her torso, trying to protect her body, trying to keep her soul hidden from Erik. She was so close to death, to losing the things she held dear, and she was okay with giving up. She knew that Light would save her, that she would go to him and live forever. She would never cease to exist. She was human, granted a mortal life and an immortal soul. She was luckier...

A crash woke Kate from her dreamlike state. The fog faded, the warmth trickling back into her body. Adriana rushed up to her with heated blankets, wrapping Kate in them and plugging them all in to a power strip that Donovan was attaching to the outlet in the wall. The blankets added warmth to Kate’s frigid skin, but she knew that she wouldn’t be healthy enough to move or speak until her own tendrils of warmth melted into her pores and connected with her soul.
Kate looked up and watched Rico breaking most of the things in her house. He was fighting Erik, punching and kicking him, pushing and shoving him. The fight was brutal; both demons took punches and gave them. Within moments, the fight grew in severity until it was out of control; the demons collided together with a power that shook the foundation of Kate’s small beach house, and the rumbling knocked over most of Kate’s family’s possessions. Kate watched as Rico shoved Erik against the wall, knocking him unconscious. He kicked him a couple more times, ensuring that Erik would be out for a decent amount of time, and then rushed to Kate, a blur of black.
Rico slowed down and lowered himself so that he was on his knees. He looked up at Kate’s face. She was still shivering, even though the blankets radiated extreme amounts of heat, and Rico put his hands on her shoulders, rubbing them, hoping that he wasn’t counteracting the blankets. This sparked a thought, and Rico leaned forward.
He kissed Kate’s cold lips, drawing her to him. He moved his lips over hers, trying to force her to kiss him back, begging her to respond to his touch. She wouldn’t, so he kissed her harder, more urgently. He took her face into his cold hands and looked into her grey eyes. They were fading fast.
Kate was aware that Rico was pressing his lips against hers, at first slowly and then ardently, angry that he couldn’t bring her back to life with one, magical kiss. But life isn’t like a fairytale, she thought grimly. 
Off to the side, Kate heard Adriana’s soft tears, could almost feel the way Donovan held Adriana, comforting her. She would almost miss Adriana the most.

Kate was standing on the top of the highest building in downtown Tampa. Up here the wind was soft, somehow, like a summer breeze. She stood there, waiting for someone to arrive. Kate looked out over the horizon, admiring the beautiful city.
Down below, people were walking through the nearly deserted streets. Couples held hands and ran across the street, contrary to the street signs. People walked their dogs. Children played in the fountain and out in the grass at the park. Kate smiled, knowing that these people were happy with their lives. She was so enthralled with them that she didn’t notice the presence standing behind her.
“Kate,” a voice said. It echoed like a beautiful melody.
Kate turned to see a tall, well-built man. He had graying hair and a beautiful smile. His eyes were the color of a starry night, an endless black that twinkled with the light of the stars. He wore white linen slacks and a creamy button-down that was tucked into the pants. A dark belt sat at the man’s waist, and he wore matching dark shoes. The man held his hand out to Kate and she rushed up to take it. The pair walked toward the edge of the building and sat down on a wooden bench that appeared abruptly. They looked over the edge, enjoying the spectacular view.
After a few moments of silence, the man turned to Kate. “Kate,” he said. “Do you know who I am?”
Kate smiled, knowing immediately. “You’re Light,” she said.
Light nodded and offered a small smile. “I am. Do you know why I have come to speak to you, Kate?” he asked kindly.
“No, sir. I don’t.”
Light sighed. “You have given up, Kate. You are on the edge of death. Your soul is on the verge of escaping your body, leaving it an empty vessel. Do you want to leave your life on Earth? Are you ready to leave that life behind you?”
“I don’t know,” Kate said honestly. She looked up into Light’s eyes, searching their starry depths for an answer, some advice, anything.
“Why would you want to leave your friends, your family? Are you willing to break their hearts?” he asked her kindly.
“No, but I don’t want to spend the rest of my life doing this, running from demons. I almost feel as if it’s no life at all. I don’t know if I’m strong enough to keep this up, to live like this.”
Light tilted his head back and forth, thinking. He turned to look at Kate after mulling it over. “I understand your concerns, Kate, but I am not yet ready for you to leave this life. You have not fulfilled your purpose, your destiny, and should you leave without doing so, the world will never be the same. I need you to stay.” Light looked into Kate’s eyes, waiting patiently for her response.
“I thought that I wasn’t the catalyst. I thought it was a lie.”
Light laughed, all of the most beautiful sounds blended together into one single sound. “You are correct, Kate. You are not the catalyst. It does not, however, mean that you are not important. You are very much important.”
“Then, what is my purpose, Light?” she asked.
“I cannot tell you what your purpose is, Kate. That is for you to decide for yourself. I can, however, tell you that it is not death. You are not meant to sacrifice your life for humankind. You are not supposed to sacrifice your life to preserve the balance of good and evil. As you already know, people choose their paths for themselves. Demons do the same thing. We all have free will, Kate. We are all able to make our own choices. Even Darkness and I have made unwise choices. And now it is your turn to choose your path.”
“I understand,” Kate said with a nod. “Light does not always mean that people are good. Darkness does not always mean that people are evil. Rico, Donovan, and Adriana are examples of that. They are some of the best people I’ve ever known, even if they aren’t really people.” Kate smiled, thinking of her friends.
Light smiled at Kate as he stood up and moved toward the edge of the building. He turned around, his white hair blowing in the wind. “Yes, Kate,” he agreed as he held his hand out for Kate. “They are, and they mean a great deal to both you and I.”
Standing up, Kate walked over to where Light now waited. “Light?” she asked him.
He looked out over the edge. “Yes, my daughter.”
“Why can’t I stay here with you? I know that you say my purpose is not in death, but don’t I get to choose what it is?”
Light turned back to look at Kate. “Yes, Kate, you do. Before you choose, though, I would like to show you something. Would that be okay with you?” Light asked.
Kate nodded and was unsurprised when she suddenly stood in the nearly destroyed living room at her house. Rico was bent over Kate, head hung low. He stroked Kate’s hair as his cobalt eyes grazed the ground. Adriana and Kate’s mother, who had woken up at some point, were in the corner, crying and holding on to each other. Donovan was sitting in a chair, head in his hands, mumbling unintelligible words. They were miserable. They were destroyed by Kate’s death. Their mourning held their full attention, and no one noticed the tendril of fog that slithered through the room. Erik stood up, fully alive and stronger; the tendrils flowed from him and headed toward the people Kate loved. It was going to kill them, just like it had killed Kate. 
“No!” Kate screamed, reaching out for them.

27

Kate was jolted awake. The dark wood of the floor was underneath her, pressing into her bones like weights. Its surface was cool and smooth, a somewhat comforting presence. In contrast, the warm blankets were thrown around Kate haphazardly, but they protected her from Erik’s watchful eyes. Kate could tell that she had been torn from Rico’s grasp by the way her body lay across the floor. She was sprawled in an awkward position, with her arms spread out and her left leg bent at an impossible angle. It was difficult to stay still but Kate bit her tongue and forced herself not to rearrange her body. She knew, grimly, that Rico had already been captured by the dark magic. Kate began formulating a plan in her mind, knowing that she would have to free her friends. She knew enough from practicing with Rico and Donovan that it was best to catch Erik when he was unaware of her presence, much like he was right now.
Erik was laughing somewhere to Kate’s right. The sound pulled Kate from her thoughts, and she focused on Erik in an attempt to gather her surroundings. She extended her other senses as well, building a blueprint of the room in her mind. 
“I can’t believe that you are all so enthralled with this human girl to mourn her death. Her soul is resting peacefully. You all should be happy.”
“Kern won’t be happy,” Donovan spat. “He will kill you.”
Erik laughed and a haunting sound erupted from his throat. He was crazed with power, and Kate feared that they didn’t have a chance. “He cannot kill me any longer,” he shouted at them. “I am a god now! I will live forever!”
“There are no gods among demons,” Rico said. His voice sounded dull and lifeless, and Kate had to bite her tongue harder to keep from calling out his name.
“Now, Rico, don’t say such cruel things. Haven’t you learned to be respectful to your superiors? I know that you wouldn’t want me to burn your little human pet.” Kate felt Erik’s presence move closer to her. Her heart began to race and she tensed, preparing herself for the worst, for anything. 
Rico was silent and Erik laughed with the knowledge that he had won for now. Kate pictured her father’s face in her mind, contorted in such a way that marked him unrecognizable. 
“You’re despicable,” Adriana shouted.
“No, Adriana. It is you that is despicable,” Erik stated. Kate felt his presence withdraw and knew that Adriana had sparked his anger.  “You have gone against your nature. I would love to see you possess one human soul before your untimely death, however.”
Erik turned back toward Kate and moved past her. He stalked toward Blaire and took her face into his - Aaron’s - hands. Kate heard him lightly hitting her mother’s cheeks in an attempt to get her attention. Her father’s hands would have never touched Blaire with such resentment, and she hated that her mother would remember this moment. “Blaire,” Erik said calmly. “Don’t be afraid, okay? Adriana and I are going to play a little game right now, and we need you to be the sacrifice. Are you willing to do that for us?”
Kate heard her mother shaking her head; the tendrils in her earrings swung back and forth, creating sounds like a wind chime. She knew that silent tears were streaming down Blaire’s face, and Kate sent a prayer to Light, pleading for the opportunity to save her friends before she lost her mother. She had already lost her father to Erik; she couldn’t lose both of them. Not like this, not now.
Erik sighed a fake sigh. “That’s just too bad,” he clucked. “We’ll just have to force you. Be careful, though, Blaire, you might kill Adriana if you resist too much. She has never possessed a soul before.”
Erik began to drag Kate’s mother toward Adriana. The sound of metal scraping on wood became louder as he pushed passed Kate. He kicked Kate out of the way when he reached her, and she had to bite her lip to keep from screaming out. She was pushed against the cream couch, half hidden from view, and could now open her eyes. She blinked several times before focusing on her surroundings. Kate was staring at the bottom of the couch; she breathed in the familiar scent of leather and her father. She remained focused on Erik, though, and listened to what was going on in front of her. Kate could hear Erik repositioning Blaire’s chair. She knew that she had to wait until the right moment, and it wasn’t right now.
Erik placed Blaire in front of Adriana. He untied Adriana’s hands, and fastened them to the side of Blaire’s face with the dark magic. He whistled as he did this, a renewed sense of confidence burning brightly in his newly captured soul. 
Kate moved slightly, and when Erik didn’t scream out in anger, she dared a glance at the people she loved. Erik’s back was to her, and Kate moved silently, lifting herself up until she lay on her stomach, her elbows supporting her upper body. She crawled until she was certain she was out of view. 
Kate knew that she couldn’t let her mother see her, because she would scream out, ask for help, or tell her to run. She was glad that Blaire had been facing away from her, towards Adriana, even though her stomach twisted at the knowledge of Erik’s plan for her. Kate sat there for a moment, hidden from view, relieved that her friends’ emotions would never betray her presence. 
After catching her breath, Kate crawled into the kitchen. She sat there for a moment, her back leaning against the cabinets as she attempted to gain the confidence she sought. She pressed her palm to her heart, attempting to slow it down with her touch. She settled with her ability to steady her breathing instead, and focused on the rise and fall of her chest. Kate knew that she didn’t have much longer, so she took a deep breath and lifted herself so that she was standing, and moved to the drawers across from her. She began silently pulling out knives and grabbed her mother’s rolling pin, just in case her first choice failed. Quiet tears spilled over her eyes and she sent a wordless apology to Light, and to her father, for what she had to do. She knew, deep down, that her father wouldn’t survive anyway. She knew that he would want this. Aaron would want his release; he would want to sacrifice himself to protect the women he loved most in this world.
Kate peeked around the corner but pulled back. Erik had turned around for a moment; he had been spinning in a circle, almost as if he was celebrating a win that hadn’t happened yet. Kate’s anger spiked at Erik’s arrogance; his solid confidence sparked her own. 
A second later, Kate looked again. Erik was standing behind Blaire’s body, his broad back facing Kate. Kate stepped around the corner and moved, catlike, toward Erik. She had to make sure that she was close enough to him to kill her father almost immediately. She didn’t want to give Erik the chance to run or fight. She didn’t want to cause her father pain. She didn’t want to let everyone down.
Kate stepped forward. She lifted her hand, ready to strike. She sent up another silent prayer to Light, asking him to lend her strength. Immediately, her hands stopped shaking and her heartbeat slowed, calming her soul. She thought about her father, his immense love for Kate and for Blaire. She thought about his passion for the law, for fighting against evil among humans. She let a dozen memories slip through her mind in the second before she threw the first knife.
Kate saw herself as a child. She was swinging high on a swing, her mother behind her, pushing her, her father out in front of her, holding his hands out. He kept laughing and telling her to jump, but she kept chickening out. He gave her one last chance to jump before he ran to get her, and she laughed gleefully. She jumped then, at the last possible second and landed safely in his arms, like she knew she would.
Next, Kate saw herself at twelve. She came home crying from a particularly difficult day at school. The girls kept making fun of Kate’s chestnut curls, pulling them and threatening to cut them off. Kate’s father held her, telling her that her curls were beautiful. When she stopped crying, he took her to a salon and asked the woman to teach Kate how to fix her curls so they weren’t puffy or frizzy anymore.
Finally, Kate saw herself at sixteen, right before moving to Florida. She was convinced that the kids at school cared about her when they invited her out on the boat. She had been wrong. They spent the entire afternoon telling Kate what was wrong with her and what she could do to improve herself. When she went home that evening, red and puffy, her father pulled out toilet paper rolls and eggs. They spent the night throwing toilet paper over the trees that stood in front of the mean kids’ houses and tossing eggs at their windows and doors. Those were a few of the many moments she would think of when remembering her father; he would live on, immortalized by her memories, by her love for him.
A single tear slid down Kate’s face as she pulled herself back to the present. She didn’t allow herself another moment to think. Kate pulled her arm back like she was playing darts. She forced her eyes open and arched the knife slightly. She breathed out slowly and threw the weapon toward Erik.

28

Erik screamed and stumbled forward when the blade hit his upper back. The dark tendrils of magic released themselves from Kate’s friends and mother immediately. Rico rushed to Kate’s side, quick as lightning, and tore the knives from Kate’s steely grip before she could throw another one. Donovan rushed toward Adriana and Blaire and broke the chains that bound Kate’s mother in one swift motion. He pulled the two women away from Erik and stood in front of them protectively.
Erik stumbled toward the leather couch, and stood up again with its support. He reached behind him, pulling the knife out in one swift movement. Dark blood clung to the blade, Kate’s father’s blood. Erik spun to face Kate and darker tendrils swirled around him. He lifted his arms in the air, directing the tendrils of mist. He almost looked as if he was directing an orchestra, and Kate wasn’t surprised to see that the tendrils of dark magic obeyed Erik. He had almost gained complete control of it, she thought.
Rico pushed Kate behind him, ready to spring forward, ready to fight, but suddenly, without warning, Donovan launched himself toward Erik. He knocked Erik down, kicking him until he could barely move. The tendrils, however, still swirled around Erik. They clung to both men like snakes, and a deep and desperate fear clung to Kate’s thoughts. She pushed forward, but Rico held her back and moved up instead.
“I’ll do it,” he said.
“No,” Donovan insisted. “I must do this. I made the man he is today. I taught him to take human souls. I aided his cause. I must be the one to destroy him. I must be the one to take his soul. I must steal his dark magic and end him.”
Rico nodded succinctly, knowing that there was no time to argue, and he and Donovan moved Erik so that he was now sitting in one of the metal chairs. The tendrils of dark magic attached themselves to Rico as well, like leeches trying to take his life source. Kate watched as Rico helped Donovan tie Erik to the chair with the twine and chain that had been used to trap Kate’s body. When they were finished, Rico stepped back and took Kate’s hand into his own, squeezing slightly. Kate watched as the tendrils slithered down Rico’s legs back toward their master and shivered slightly. She could tell that Rico was nervous about this and moved her focus back to Donovan.
Donovan positioned himself and began to recite the incantation, the Rite of Control. The words began to tumble out, and Kate shook her head back and forth, knowing that he was wrong. She jumped forward abruptly, remembering her knew knowledge. 
“Stop,” she called in an attempt to gain Donovan’s attention.
Donovan paused and looked at her, confusion in his eyes. Kate could feel Rico and Adriana glaring at her in frustration; there wasn’t much time. She couldn’t be wasting it like this. She couldn’t possibly be distracting him now.
Kate pushed forward, ignoring their looks of annoyance. “You were wrong Donovan,” she said bravely. “The soul isn’t hidden behind your eyes; it’s nestled somewhere in your heart.” Kate pressed her hand against her own heart for emphasis. “You aren’t supposed to place your hands on your victim’s temples; you need to place them on his heart. Please, believe me. I’m telling you the truth, Donovan. Please.”
Donovan shook his head disbelievingly. “That is how it’s always been done, Kate. I’m sorry but you are wrong.”
“No,” she said strongly. “It has always been done wrong. It’s why humans have had the opportunity to fight you. It is why we still stand here today. We were able to fight because you weren’t entering at the right point,” she said.
Donovan stood there motionless, unsure of what to do. He stared at Kate for a moment, and Kate could tell he was struggling with his instincts. He still didn’t know if he should believe her. By the looks on Rico’s and Adriana’s faces, she knew they weren’t sure of it either.
Underneath, Donovan’s grip, Erik stirred. The dark magic stirring too, its foggy tendrils tightening around Donovan’s legs and biceps.
“Donovan, please trust me,” Kate called. She stepped forward, pushing her point. “I know that this is true. When I was pulled out of my body I saw the dark magic pulling the warmth from my heart. Think about it, Donovan. What demons crave for most is the ability to love. You love with your heart, not your head. I swear to you that this is right. You have to trust me, Donovan. Please, just trust me on this.”
Donovan just looked at Kate, seemingly perplexed. She wished he would stop staring at her like that. He needed to get a move on.
“Donovan, trust me. And if you don’t trust me, trust Light. He has been helping me figure this entire mess out. He was the one sending the visions. He was the one that convinced me to come back here, to keep living. Believe me, Donovan. I’m telling you the truth. I would never lie to you.”
Donovan nodded once, finally understanding. Kate didn’t know what caused him to trust her, to trust Light, but he was trusting them both, putting his faith in Light. Light would love him greatly for this. But he always had loved Donovan, even before this moment, and he would love him afterwards, until eternity ended.
Donovan turned to face Erik and placed his hand over Aaron’s heart. He began reciting the incantation and when he was finished nothing happened immediately. Kate watched as the dark magic began to curl around Donovan’s stomach and throat. Donovan began sweating; his breath came in gasps as he fought against Erik and his dark magic. Adriana stepped forward and Rico dashed to her side, half-protecting and half-restraining her. She fought against his steely grip, trying to get to Donovan before it was too late.
All eyes were on Donovan, and all hearts fell when he fell to his knees. Adriana screamed. Kate began biting her nails. Blaire gasped. Rico held on to Adriana tightly.
Donovan was growing weaker. Erik was going to win the battle. Kate had been wrong. She had been so miserably wrong. She began pacing and muttering words to herself, cursing herself for trusting her instincts. The words began to shift, to take a different shape, creating new meaning. Kate turned toward Rico, realizing what she was saying. “Rico,” she said. “The words are wrong. The incantation is wrong. He’s not taking a human soul, not really. He’s taking Erik’s soul. The words are wrong.”
“There are no other words, Kate. There is no other Rite of Control,” Rico called, his voice desperate. He turned back to Adriana. His hands were on her shoulders; his eyes were searching her blank gaze.
“Yes there is,” Kate pressed. “Donovan told me that the words were symbolic. They don’t actually mean anything right now, Rico. He’s not speaking to a human. They can be changed.”
“If they were symbolic, Kate, then we wouldn’t need them,” Rico said angrily. Kate could tell that he was losing his patience. Rico was upset at having forced Donovan into this chaos; he was upset at hurting Adriana. Kate could tell that he would blame himself if Donovan failed, if Donovan ceased to exist. But Kate wouldn’t allow that to happen. She swallowed her fear at his anger, and continued her protest.
“Rico, symbols are powerful if used correctly. You kept the necklace as a symbol of your actions and it still affects you.”
Rico just kept shaking his head disbelievingly, his eyes watching Donovan’s waning strength. Kate knew that if Donovan failed Rico would jump in there, and he would die too. There was only one thing left for her to do, and she hoped that Donovan would hear her; she hoped that he would trust her words, because they held the one thing that would save them all: the truth.
Kate began reciting the new incantation; she named it the Rite of Succession. She knew that this name matched the old incantation’s name because of the play on words. She knew that this would work, it had to work, and she knew that she had only moments to relay this message across.

“I take from you, my soul. I grant thy one request.
Thee will seize thou pleasure.
And make thee wishes met.
Thou heart concedes – break fire and ice.
Then take from thee, eternal life.” 

Kate repeated it, her voice growing stronger with each telling. Her mother was the first one to speak it alongside her; their voices echoed around the room. Adriana chimed in next, hoping that her voice would persuade Donovan to follow along. Rico did the same, knowing that there was no point in fighting with Kate when he had nothing else to lose. Soon, the Rite of Succession circulated around the room. It was almost like a physical presence, a shimmering of light that clung to the walls and ceilings, tangible proof that Light was aiding their cause. As the incantation grew louder and stronger, the shimmers began to move into the center of the room. They began to swirl around Donovan and Erik, but they wouldn’t touch them.
“Donovan,” Adriana shouted encouragingly. “You have to recite the incantation with us. You have to, Donovan. You have to find the strength to speak with us.”
Donovan didn’t speak. He didn’t move.
“Donovan!” Adriana screamed, her voice panicked. Jerking away from Rico, she ran toward the wall of light that spun around the two men, and stopped unexpectedly, slamming into it. The wall was solid and Adriana couldn’t get through. Adriana screamed and banged on the wall with her fists. She fell to the floor in a heap of black clothes and creamy skin a moment later, breathless and hopeless.
Kate cautiously moved closer to Adriana. She sat next to her friend and put her hand on Adriana’s. She put her other hand on the wall of light, feeling the individual glitters of light pulsing against her fingers like a hundred heartbeats.
“Donovan,” she said. “Adriana loves you. Adriana loves you so much. You need to be brave enough to come back to her. You can’t leave her. You can’t leave us,” she pleaded. “We need you.”
Kate kept repeating quiet, comforting phrases, praying that she would reach Donovan. Slowly, she began to sense Donovan returning and squeezed Adriana’s hand. She glanced at her friend and nodded, inviting her to speak too.
“Donovan,” Adriana added uncertainly. “Kate’s right. I do love you, in my own way. I love your heart, your kind words,” her voice trembled and she stopped speaking momentarily. Kate watched as silent tears slid down her soft cheeks. “I love your soul,” she added in a whisper that only Kate could hear.
The group sat in silence, for what felt like forever, until Donovan’s lips began moving. His lips moved slowly at first, stumbling over the new words, almost as if they refused to leave his mouth. Kate straightened up, excitement lurching through her veins. She began reciting the incantation again, to aide Donovan, to stand by his side. His words grew louder as they mingled with hers, echoing around the room. The others chimed in, and the wall of light moved, closing in on Donovan and Erik – on Kate’s father.
The light caressed Donovan and Erik’s skin, pulling the dark magic from Erik. The magic moved into Donovan, the glittering light accompanying it. As the magic left Erik, Donovan’s body strengthened. It seemed to glow from the inside, the light shining through Donovan’s pores, reflecting his good heart. 
Erik’s body left Aaron’s then. There was a flash of pure, white light, and then he lay sprawled across the floor behind Aaron’s body, breathless and frail. He could barely lift himself up; he was so much weaker than he had been with the dark magic flowing through his veins. Kate watched him struggle to his hands and knees and a surge of sympathy almost coursed through her soul. However, it didn’t, and she watched gladly as Rico moved so that he stood over Erik, his foot pressed on Erik’s back, keeping him firmly on the ground.
No one was looking at Erik, though. Everyone else was watching what was happening between Donovan and Aaron now, and Kate shifted so that her attention was focused on them too. Donovan was changing somehow, his hand still on Aaron’s heart. Kate turned to face her mother, who still stood across the room. Blaire had her hands wrapped around herself and tears fell down her beautiful face.
Kate walked across the room until she was next to Blaire. She wrapped her arms around her mother in a gesture of love and comfort. Kate’s emotions swirled around them like a soft breeze, a mix of sadness and guilt. She had almost forgotten that her mother was in the room, and her mother’s pain washed over her like a stormy sea.
“What’s happening?” Blaire whispered.
“Mom,” Kate said softly. She pushed Blaire’s chestnut curls behind her ear before continuing. “Donovan is possessing Dad’s soul now. He has to.” Kate hoped her mother would understand, but she knew she wouldn’t. Kate herself didn’t even understand fully, but she knew that not even Donovan was strong enough to sacrifice himself. He told her that.
“Why? Why can’t he just leave now that Erik’s been ejected from your father?” Blaire asked, her voice angry. Kate watched as her mother’s fists clenched at her sides, a sign that she was fighting.
“It doesn’t work that way, Mom. Once the process starts it doesn’t end, because Dad can’t expel Donovan; he’s not strong enough to reject him. Donovan will win and Dad will die soon. He’s too weak now that he’s hurt.” 
Blaire sighed. “Can’t your father fight this?”
“If he was healthier he could, Mom. In a possession, one of the two will win. If Dad wins, Donovan dies. If Donovan wins, Dad will slowly fade and his soul will return to Light, much like he would have with Erik.” Kate bit her lower lip as a pang of pain, guilt, and sadness filled her veins. It was true; her dad would die today. 
Kate glanced at her mom. The emotions that played across her mother’s face mirrored her own, but she had to tell her mother the truth of the situation. The sooner her mother realized that Aaron would die either way, the sooner she could gather her strength and prepare for the worst, and the sooner they could move on. Together.
“I hope Donovan doesn’t succeed then,” Blaire confessed. Her eyes were cloudy, her lips held in a tight frown.
“Mom, please don’t say that,” Kate said sadly. “Mom, Dad is going to die either way. He’s not strong enough to fight this possession. He would just die in the struggle with Donovan. He can’t succeed.”
Blaire turned to face her daughter. Her eyes were angry, like she was blaming Kate for the whole thing. “How can you say such a thing?” she spat.
Kate swallowed, upset by her mother’s insinuation, but she held on and told her mother what she needed to hear: the truth. “I’m saying it because Dad’s not strong enough to survive this fight, this war. I know you know that, and you need to be willing to let him go. He would want the pain to end. He would want to sacrifice himself to save us. He loves us that much and you know it’s the truth. Please listen to me, Mom. I’m not saying this to be mean or to hurt you; it’s true. You have to know it is.”
Blaire sighed and turned back toward Donovan. As Blaire let the words sink in, the creaky bridge between she and Kate began repairing itself. Kate gave her mother time to process the information, to prepare herself for the inevitable, staying quiet while her mom thought. Now was not the time for words and Kate pulled her mother into a hug as she began to cry. Blaire’s tears fell onto Kate’s black shirt and clung to it. Within minutes the cotton was soaked but Kate didn’t care. She had to protect her mother, the one person that had never, ever been there for her when things were bleak. It didn’t matter now, though; this moment was much bigger than the past. This moment was the only one that would ever matter; this was their defining moment as mother and daughter, and it would be the beginning of their lives together, yet all alone.
Blaire’s tears stopped after a couple of minutes, and she lifted her head up. She stood straight and tall, nodding determinedly. Her jaw was set and her hands slowly unclenched. She was prepared to face whatever happened next.
Kate let her mother go and turned so that she was facing both Donovan and her father. Donovan’s figure appeared to be melting into her father’s now. A moment later, there was that same flash of light and he was gone. It was odd that a flash of light marked the beginning and ending of something that Darkness’ children had created, Kate thought, and she stepped back involuntarily, shielding her eyes from the bright light.
Right now, Aaron’s body lay lifeless. The only sign of life came from the slight moving of his chest as he breathed. Everyone watched as his eyes began to flutter; they waited for Donovan’s return. Gradually, Aaron opened his brown eyes and found his wife and daughter first. His smile spread across his pallid face, and he licked his lips before speaking. “Blaire? Kate?” he asked. He reached out slightly.
The pair stood still a moment, confused. Why was Donovan calling them? He should have been calling, Adriana, his wife.
“Blaire, please. Kate,” Aaron repeated weakly. He reached out further, stretching his arms toward them.
Knowingly, Blaire rushed forward and kissed her husband on the mouth. Aaron wrapped his arms around Blaire and pulled her into a tight embrace. Afterwards, he held one of his arms out, calling Kate over to him. Kate stepped into her father’s arms and held on to him, wondering how long he could stay before Donovan took over.
“I want you two to know that I fought so very hard to expel Erik,” he said breathlessly. 	Kate started to speak but he stopped her with a kind, yet stern, look. A moment later, his smile was back. He could never be mean, not even in this way. 
“I need to finish,” he whispered. He pulled in a deep, steadying breath, his eyes closing as a shock of pain filled his body. “I love both of you so much,” he said when the pain subsided.  “I want you to know, Kate, that you were brilliant, attacking Erik like that. Blaire, you are so brave. I am so proud of you, both of you. I know that both of you will be strong enough to live while I am gone from this world. I have seen Light, Kate, and he has come to take me with him,” he said with a smile.
Kate smiled too, and reached out to take her dad’s frigid hand in hers.
Aaron continued his speech. “I will be waiting for both of you in the next world. I love you both; don’t ever forget what I did or who I am. I want my presence to stay on this earth for as long as it can, and I will continue to live through your memories.” He stopped and sighed; he was growing tired and weak now.
Kate and Blaire couldn’t speak; their faces were covered in snot and tears, and their mouths were locked shut to keep them from losing the barely contained control that they had somehow collected until this point. Aaron wiped their faces clean, not caring about the sticky mess.
“I must go now,” he said. “I am ready to die, knowing that I was able to see you one last time. I love you, and I will love you forever and always.”
“I love you so much, Dad,” Kate said as she hugged her father one last time. She got up then, giving her parents one last moment together.
Blaire kissed Aaron one last time, a long and beautiful kiss. She told Aaron that she loved him and sat in his arms until the radiance of his soul faded from his eyes. Kate watched the scene unfold, tears tumbling down her cheeks like a torrent of raindrops. As soon as Blaire stood up, she ran into her mother’s arms, and they held each other, knowing that one day they would be all right. At least they had each other; that would always be enough.
Kate turned as Adriana stepped forward, her hands clasped together. She was eagerly waiting for Donovan’s return. A couple minutes passed and she began to cry as well. Small tears trickled from her black eyes and fell to the wood floor. “No,” she said, her full lips trembling. “No, Donovan. Don’t leave me. I can’t stay here without you. Donovan, come back to me.” Adriana fell to her knees when nothing happened; her tears fell faster, a torrential downpour, a brewing thunderstorm. She looked deadly and beautiful and weak all at the same time, and Kate’s tears fell harder. She couldn’t help but feel guilty for Adriana’s loss; her father had taken Donovan from them all. Kate couldn’t take this anymore; she couldn’t handle the pain, the loss. She turned and began to walk away.
Adriana’s next words kept her in the room. “I love you, Donovan,” she whispered as she sat there on the ground, her head in her hands.
Kate nearly broke from the words, and she started to walk over to Adriana.
However, Erik, whom everyone had forgotten about until this moment, began laughing. His voice was loud and took control. “You lost both of them,” he smirked pathetically from his position underneath Rico’s foot. A surge of hatred flashed through Kate’s veins but it wasn’t as bad as the look on Adriana’s face.
Adriana’s dark eyes focused on Erik’s body, a look of disgust and hatred shining in their black depths. In one lithe movement, she stood and sprung toward him, lashing out at him with her bare hands. She scratched Erik’s face, punched him, and bit him. Rico let her, all the while making sure that Erik could do nothing about it. Kate watched wide-eyed, mesmerized by the intensity of Adriana’s anger and her cruelty towards Erik. For the first time in her life, Kate was truly afraid of her friend. She had never seen Adriana’s strength and power used negatively, and she could sense that Adriana would never be the same without Donovan’s calm and reassuring presence. She grew worried for her friend, and began to move toward her in small steps. 
“Adriana?” a strong voice asked from behind them.
They all turned, even Erik, and saw Donovan, who stood near the back door. He was wearing white slacks but had on no shirt or shoes. His sandy hair glowed in a false light, and his tanned muscles were more defined than ever. Beautiful white wings were attached to his back. They looked just like the wings in the photograph that hung over Rico’s bed. They were large, about six feet long each, and looked soft and plush. They quivered slightly, almost as if Donovan was restless.
Kate’s jaw dropped. “Donovan?” she said. “What happened?”
His musical voice spoke again; it seemed to echo around the room. “When I allowed your father to say goodbye to you and your mother, I gave up my right to his body and soul. When I died, Light was there, waiting for me in his Kingdom. He took me in his open arms and said that I was his true son.” Donovan’s voice was mixed with wonder and love. His smile was full and real, and spoke of his happiness.
“You’re dead?” Adriana asked shakily.
“No, my love. I am an angel. Light turned me into an immortal being with a soul. He saved my life and embraced me.” Donovan stepped forward and held his arms out toward the woman he loved most. He lowered them a moment later when she didn’t move. He continued his speech seamlessly, showing no sadness at Adriana’s behavior. “Light asked if I wanted my body to be turned into a soul so that I may one day be born on this earth, to live as a mortal human. I told him that my dream was no longer to have a soul. I told him that Kate made me realize that all I wanted in life was to truly fall in love with you. Light gave me this immortal body and soul out of kindness.”
Everyone in the room continued to stare at Donovan, wide-eyed.
Donovan didn’t stop talking. “Adriana, when you told me that you loved me, I realized that I already had it, that Kate was right all along. We always did love each other, Adriana. I can see that now; I shouldn’t have needed a soul to prove that to me,” Donovan confessed. 
When Adriana didn’t move, he spoke again. “I don’t feel that differently towards you. We were capable of feeling love, Adriana. We always were. We just didn’t believe in it.”
Finally, Adriana blinked and came to life. She stepped closer to Donovan but did not reach out for him yet. “Will you be able to stay here on Earth? With me?” she asked, her radiant voice a whisper.
Donovan smiled. “I am now a creature of the light, and can only stand on Earth when the sun shines. When the moon rises, I must return to stand by Light’s side.”
Adriana nodded, understanding. She looked at the ground, her lip quivering. Kate knew that this new situation was better than nothing, but it would never be the same as having him with her all the time. She would have to be willing to adjust to his sacrifice, to embrace it like Kate and Blaire embraced Aaron’s death.
Donovan walked over to Adriana then. He picked her up and held her in his strong arms. Donovan kissed her mouth, her cheeks, her nose, her neck. Adriana shivered with delight, her cold exterior melting under his warm, human-like touch.
Everyone was enchanted by the scene before them. They watched the couple together, all the while staring at Donovan’s new wings. There was only one person in the room that wasn’t mesmerized by the scene.

29

Erik moved quickly, pushing Rico aside as he stood up. His strength had returned to him, and he was even angrier that his previous laughter had been pointless. He watched the couple together and pure hatred pierced his dark heart. He would make sure that word of this did not get out. He could not have demons giving up human possessions in order to obtain a soul of their own.
Erik rushed forward quickly, seizing Adriana in a fit of strength and anger. He began to run with her, a plan forming in his mind, a plan to take Adriana far from here so that Donovan had no reason to return to Earth.
Erik didn’t get very far, though; Donovan stopped him. His hands moved quickly, pushing Adriana aside, while simultaneously grabbing Erik around the throat. He began to squeeze hard, and Erik’s face began to turn a dull blue.
“I know that I cannot kill you,” Donovan said in his musical voice. “I will tell you this, however. If you dare to harm Adriana or Kate again, I will do exactly what you don’t want. I will call all demons to my side. I will tell them that there is another way to get what they want, what they crave most. I will convince them to aim for the sky.”
Erik interrupted. “How dare you threaten me, angel.”
Donovan tossed out a handsome smile. “I do not threaten you, Erik. I promise you. You will not harm either girl again. I will keep my identity a secret until the day that you go back on your word.”
“What if I do not give my word?” Erik asked. His voice was strained because of the lack of oxygen.
“Then you and I will fight for control of the demons, and I assure you that I will win. The demons did not follow you before and they will not follow you now. I would win; I would prevail. I am not weak like you.”
Erik’s eyes bulged angrily but he did not speak. Instead, he quit his struggle, allowing himself to relax in Donovan’s grip. Donovan loosened his hold on Erik minutes later, a look of shock and confusion in his eyes.
 Suddenly, Erik bolted. He ran as quickly, and as far away as he could, stopping only to gather more of his strength. Rico and Donovan let him go, knowing that without the dark magic they could never truly destroy Erik.
After a few minutes, Rico spoke. “So where is the dark magic now?” he asked after Erik’s presence could be felt no longer. 
“It has gone back into Darkness’ possession,” Donovan said simply.
“Don’t you think he’ll just hand it back over to Erik?” Rico asked seriously.
“Probably, but it’s nothing I can change. My purpose is to protect Light. I protected the light in Adriana, and now I must protect Light himself.” Donovan turned toward Adriana, holding his arms out for her once more. She reached up and kissed Donovan lightly, and he held her in his arms while she nuzzled into his chest. Kate watched the couple, still fascinated by the fact that Donovan was an angel. But his words were true; his purpose had always been to protect the light within Adriana.
Kate turned away from Adriana and Donovan. Her eyes landed on Rico and she smiled shyly. Rico’s raven hair was in his face, his cobalt eyes burning a brighter blue than ever before. He was so handsome, even now, with dirt and sweat covering him. His smile made her heart flutter, and when he held his arms out for her, she nearly melted.
Kate rushed toward him. The feeling of his strong, cool arms around her was heavenly, and Kate sank into his body, hers pressing against his. Rico lightly kissed the top of Kate’s head and whispered into her ear. “Go to your mom, Kate. She’s hurting right now,” he prompted.
Kate turned to her mother, who was sitting next to Aaron’s lifeless body. Her fingers traced his face; her silent tears fell into his shirt. 
“Mom?” Kate asked.
Blaire looked at Kate and held her hand out. Kate took it immediately, but did not allow her mother to pull her down on the floor. Instead, Kate pulled Blaire up until she was standing in front of her. “You have to remain strong, Mom. Dad asked us to. We can’t forget his last wish.” Kate pushed her mom’s curls away from her face. “I miss him too. He protected me and helped me through almost all of my problems, but I’m going to be strong for him. I have to be strong for him because that’s all I have left.”
Blaire pulled Kate into her. “I’m so sorry that I wasn’t there for you, baby. I was wrong all those years. Now that it’s just you and I, I promise that things will be different. I know how much your father meant to you, Kate. I know that he was there for you when I wasn’t. I will try to be strong for you. I promise that I will try with all of my strength.”
“That’s all I want, Mom.” Kate said as she pulled her mother into a warm hug. She looked down at her father’s lifeless body and whispered her final goodbye to the man that had always been there for her, the man that sacrificed everything to let her live.

Sometime later, the five of them sat around the dining room table after cleaning up; it was the one part of the house that wasn’t partially destroyed. Blaire had grabbed mugs and made coffee for everyone, and Rico mixed the perfect amount of cream and sugar for Kate’s coffee. He knew her best in that way. Kate smiled as she sipped on the warm, reviving liquid.
“What will we do now?” Adriana asked as she set her coffee on the table.
“Well, we know that Kern will still come for Kate,” Rico said. “We also know that Erik will want revenge, although I doubt that he will come alone; they will probably come together.”
“I agree,” Donovan said.
“Me too,” agreed Adriana.
Kate shook her head. “I’m not completely sure,” she chimed. 
Adriana, Donovan, and Rico looked at Kate, perplexed.
Kate filled her friends in on what Erik revealed during their earlier conversation; Erik had been interested in Kate all along, following Kate around her whole life because of Kern’s wishes, but developing his own interest after finding out who she was and what she was to his boss. His words made it sound as if his agenda was different than whatever Kern was plotting, and Kate made sure to tell her friends the whole truth this time. It was better than lying to protect herself, especially when the lies tumbled out in the end, especially when not lying at all could lead to an advantage on their side. And if Erik brought Darkness’ magic with him when he came back, they would definitely need any and all advantages.
“Well, we’ll have to be ready for anything then,” Donovan muttered. 
They all nodded, even Blaire, who was half-listening, half-ignoring them, because she had no idea what was going on. Kate smiled at her mom’s confusion and decided that it was time to change the subject, mostly because she wanted to steer the conversation away from her imminent and depressing future.
“Donovan?” she asked.
“Yes?” he replied in that musical voice.
“Can I ask you a personal question? You don’t have to answer it if you don’t want to. I don’t want to force you to, or make you feel like you have to.” She trailed off, not knowing how to continue.
Donovan swallowed his drink and smiled. “I still owe you, Kate. I will answer anything. No matter what it is.”
“Okay,” Kate said uncertainly. “I know that you get a glimpse of eternal life after taking a human soul. I was wondering if you could tell me about it, about my father’s location, about what he’s doing.”
“Your father is living in paradise, Kate. Your soul chooses its location, but I did not obtain your father’s soul so I do not know where he is or what he is experiencing at the moment. I apologize for my inability to answer your question. I will, however, ask Light for you, if you still seek answers, Kate. Would you like me to find out for you?”
“No,” Kate admitted. 
“Are you certain you don’t want to know?”
“Yes,” she said honestly. “I’m sure. I think I’m strong enough to wait until I see him again. I’m strong enough to say goodbye for now.” Kate turned to her mother. “I still have my mom with me. That’s all I need,” she said with a smile as she took her mom’s hand into her own.
Blaire, who was still in a daze, finally awoke and smiled at them all. She leaned forward and set her mug down on the table. “I think it’s time I learned about this world of Light and Darkness, demons and humans.”
For the next hour, Blaire listened as Rico and Adriana explained everything to her. She believed everything they said, knowing that they were telling the truth. She cried, remembering her loving husband, but reminded herself that his soul was waiting for her in Light’s Kingdom. They would meet again one day; they would share their eternal lives together, but only after she lived a long and beautiful life on Earth, with her daughter.

“Rico?” Kate asked after everyone had gone home. 
The couple was now in Kate’s bedroom, lying together on her bed. Kate was underneath the blanket, kept warm even though Rico’s colder body lay inches from hers. Rico’s eyes were tired but full of life; Kate’s eyes shown bright with a mixture of happiness and grief. Both were eager to escape the turmoil of the fight that had just happened, but neither seemed willing to discuss the matter.
Rico turned to look at Kate. “Yes?” he asked as he reached up and pushed her curls behind her ears.
Kate lifted herself up, propping her head on her elbow. “Donovan told Adriana that he loved her. He said that he realized that it was true because of me. Do you think that you could ever love me the way that they love each other?” Kate asked. She ran her fingers over the delicate swirling pattern that painted her blanket, afraid to look into Rico’s eyes.
Rico smiled and pulled Kate into a long and passionate kiss. Her lips were warm against his, but tense because of the loss that she had just endured. He felt her escape from the pain while in his arms, melting into him so that he shared her pain.
“Kate,” he started when they pulled apart. “I do love you. I know that I do.” Rico pulled Kate’s eyes to his, making sure that he had her full attention, making sure that she listened to and believed his next words. “When I’m with you, I feel as though I’m more than an empty, frozen shell of a man. I feel warmer, almost as if there is a soul burning deep inside of me, somewhere.” Rico moved his hand up Kate’s cheek, following the pink trail of her blush.
Kate leaned forward and rested her head against Rico’s broad chest. “I love you too,” she whispered. “I love you, body and soul. Forever,” she added.
Rico kissed her again. And this time, he melted into her. He felt Kate’s warmth pulsing against him. Her soul reached out to embrace him, to love him, and when they pulled apart, breathless, her warmth lingered. 
Kate sat silently after their kiss. She twisted Rico’s necklace as it hung loosely around her neck and watched the shimmers of light dance around her walls. She bit her lower lip softly as she contemplated the future. “Rico?” she asked a second later. 
“Yes, Kate? What are you thinking about?” Rico asked in return.
“Do you think you’ll be given the opportunity to gain a soul?”
“I don’t know,” he said honestly. He sat up and looked down at her. “What do you think?” he asked seriously.
“I think that it’s possible for you,” Kate replied as she sat up and faced Rico. She bit her lower lip as surges of hope coursed through her veins. “It happened to Donovan. I think it could happen for you as well.”
“Are you asking me to obtain a soul, Kate?” Rico’s eyebrow lifted slightly in amusement, but he looked into Kate’s grey eyes seriously, waiting for her response.
Kate leaned forward and kissed the tip of his nose. “I’m begging you,” she whispered as she snuggled into his chest. Her arms wrapped around him, holding him tightly. She wanted him to be someone that she could imagine a future with; she wanted him to love her the way that she loved him, body and soul. Forever. 
Rico kissed the top of Kate’s head. “I will do whatever I must in order to obtain a soul for you, Kate Warren. I will, for you.”
Kate’s heart fluttered at Rico’s words. She leaned into him and kissed him lightly. When she pulled away, she rested her head on his shoulder, wondering if the story that he had revealed earlier could be accurate. Could Rico obtain a soul and live a mortal life? Did they have a future together?

Find out more when you read the highly anticipated sequel to 
Body and Soul, 
The Keeper of the Keys.


Thank you!

I send a thank you to everyone who believed in me. I truly thank you for having faith in my ability to weave a story with words, and finish it.

To Dad – Thanks for bugging me every day. Yes, the questions were annoying at the time, but now that both the manuscript and cover are finished, you can ask me any question you want. Thanks for being proud of me.

To Mom – Thanks for reading my book and telling me about my spelling errors! I promise that you’ll be a part of the editing process next time. Thanks for being proud of me, too. And thanks for leaving me at home for that one long, yet productive, week.

To Gracie – Thank you for being my first reader. Don’t forget, we’re going to the movie premiere together! Thank you for giving me my first, honest, review.

To everyone else that has purchased or read my book, I hope that you love Kate and Rico as much as I do. I’m so thankful for all of you. I write the rest of Kate’s story every day for you. Thank you again! And keep reading!

Jamie :)
