The Lucy Walker Chronicles
Book#1 The Beginning

Copyright Michael Lee Ables Jr
Published by Michael Lee Ables Jr at Smashwords


Smashwords Edition License Notes
This ebook is licensed for your personal enjoyment only. This ebook may not be re-sold or given away to other people. If you would like to share this book with another person, please purchase an additional copy for each recipient. If you’re reading this book and did not purchase it, or it was not purchased for your enjoyment only, then please return to Smashwords.com or your favorite retailer and purchase your own copy. Thank you for respecting the hard work of this author.
Table of Contents
Chapter One
Chapter Two
Chapter Three
Chapter Four
Chapter Five
Chapter Six
Chapter Seven
Chapter Eight
Chapter Nine
Chapter Ten
Chapter Eleven
Chapter Twelve
Chapter Thirteen
Chapter Fourteen
Chapter Fifteen
Chapter Sixteen
Chapter Seventeen
Chapter Eighteen
Chapter Nineteen
Chapter Twenty
Chapter Twenty-One
Chapter Twenty-Two
Chapter Twenty-Three
Chapter One
Jim walked through the woods. He wasn’t a big man. At five feet six inches tall and a weight roughly hundred and fifty-six pounds. He had a beard growing, silver lined the red, even at the young age of forty-five. All his family had red hair, his children were no exception. Jim found an old log and sat on it. He had been hunting for an hour now and hadn’t seen a thing. His family needed food. They have been hiding deep on his family’s farm in an old cave they used at hunting season. It was all decked out with a wood burning cook stove. They even had solar panels for power. There was a nearby well that supplied plenty of water.
He was very jumpy as they have been hiding since the blast. His family was having dinner, and something blew. If it wasn’t for the old rock wall that was, part of the original house they all would be dead. They stayed for a while, trying to find refuge. One night, strange men showed up, and tried to take their supplies. Jim wrestled with the men until his father shot them. Jim had no idea what had happened. He knew they couldn’t stay there any longer. If two came, more would surely emerge. So Jim, and his father had packed up their belongings and moved everyone to the cave.  It wasn’t the best place to live but it was the safest. The cave was dark, and musty.  Jim heard a crunch behind him and quickly turned around.
“Dad, you scared the crap out of me.” His father Earl walked over and sat beside him. 
“When are we going to head to town so we can get ready for winter?” Jim shook his head. 
“I don’t know dad, listen.” They both sat listening. 
“What am I supposed to be listening to?” Jim stood up. 
“Isn’t it eerie? There’re no small animals running around. Very few birds.” He turned and looked at his dad. 
“Something bad has happened.” Jim turned and was face to face with something grotesque. He backed off towards his father. He looked at the strange thing. It smacked it jaws over and over making an ear-splitting sound. He backed away a little more. The thing came closer. “Stop!” Jim backed towards his dad. 
“What is wrong with her?” They looked at the woman. Her clothes were worn and ragged. Her hands had what looked like dried blood on them. Her neck looked like it had been chewed.  Her eyes were black like coal. The skin around her lips was ragged and torn. They both covered their nose and mouth as she came closer. Jim raised his gun. She came closer and closer. Jim turned and gave a shout at his father, “Let’s get out of here.” He turned to run when it grabbed his arm. Jim tried to tear away, but she was very strong. Earl rushed forward and smacked the thing in the head. It let go and hit the ground. The two of them backed off and watched as it stumbled back onto its feet. The two of them turned and ran.
They tried to push the thoughts from their mind. They walked around the side, out of view and entered the cave. He walked past his father and pushed on what seemed like a wall. They had taken a piece of plywood and covered it in mud. This hid the main entrance and gave some extra protection.
The inside was like one imagined it to be. Cold, dreary and damp. Jim’s father was a farmer. Just like the generations before him. He knew they could survive, and keeping this place a secret was very important. His father wasn’t a huge man. Tall and thin. He was starting to bald in places and has grown a small moustache and beard over the last few months. His hands were all callused from years of work, and chopping wood. Their only source of heat, and cooking was the old wood burning cook stove. Jim’s daydreaming came to an end when his mom, Ruth walked into the living space. 
“Oh, I’m so glad you two are back. Any luck?” The look on his face must have been all that was needed. She walked over to him and threw her arms around him. 
“We’ll be ok,” she said in his ear. She leaned back with her hands still on his shoulders. “Maybe tomorrow?” and gave him one of her crooked smiles. Jim nodded. His mom was shorter than his dad. Her curly hair had started to revert back to its dull grey. He had one of the best moms. She was always so polite and always had a positive view on everything. She turned and walked over to Earl and gave him a quick kiss on the cheek. His father had made it to the recliner. She turned and walked further back into the cave out of sight. Jim knew she was cooking in their makeshift kitchen. He could smell the food, which made his stomach ache from hunger. 
Jim glanced around looking at the cave. They had made it as comfortable as they could. His daughter Sara, snuck up behind and threw her arms around him. 
“Hi, daddy!” Although a little startled he couldn’t help but smile. Sara was one of the best-hearted little girls he had ever known. She never asked for a thing. He would move mountains if possible to get her anything she ever wanted. Being only eight she was a little taller than normal. She had the family’s bright red hair, and green eyes. She’d rather be digging in the garden and throwing worms she had found on the compost pile. He turned and picked her up. His family was the most important thing in his life, and he would protect them at any cost.
“Did you get anything today daddy?” Once again the look on his face answered for him. “It will be ok. Maybe tomorrow?” He nodded, and watched as she ran off.  Sara was in a class all to herself. She didn’t enjoy wearing dresses or frilly things. She was more content on wearing jeans and shirts. She wasn’t afraid to get her hands dirty. She was a lot like her mom and grandma. She loved to grow things. In here there wasn’t even a window to grow a plant. Jim walked over and sat beside of his father. He looked back into the cave to make sure they were alone. 
“What do you think happened out there?” his father shook his head. 
“Who knows. That woman acted like she wanted to eat us!” said Jim.
“I’d almost bet this has something to do with the blast.” His father nodded. He sat for a while longer watching his father read. He felt very uneasy at what had happened. “I think we need to go back to the farm, and soon.” With that, he got up and walked back through the cave. He didn’t stop to say anything to Darla or his mom. He walked into their makeshift bedroom. He pulled off his shirt and boots and let himself fall onto the bed.
Jim woke with Darla sitting down on the bed. “Dinner is almost ready.” he sat up. He bent over and kissed his wife. “Your father said you had some excitement?” Jim picked up his shirt and pulled it on. He looked and saw her still sitting there. Her skin was starting to turn white from being cooped up in this place. “Yeah, a little.” He scooted to the edge of the bed and pulled on his boots. He turned and looked at her. “I can’t explain it, but I’m scared. That woman acted like she wanted to eat me. She was strong, I couldn’t get away from her. She smelled like she had been dead for days. She made this eerie smacking sound with her jaws.” She gave him a hug. “I think I’ll take Lee and walk to the meadow and see if we see anything?” she stood up and nodded. They walked back to the kitchen. He looked at the living room. Sara, Lee, and his parents were watching a movie. Jim walked over and took down the old gun. He turned and looked at Lee. “You up for going hunting?” Lee jumped to his feet. “Really?” he nodded. “Go, put on your boots, and jacket.” Jim shoved some bullets into his pockets. “Do you really think it’s a good idea to go back out there?” He looked over at his father. “No I don’t, but do we have a choice? We need meat.” He turned and headed away from everyone. He thought about the woman. The way she acted, the way she smelled. He turned as he felt a hand on his shoulder, and looked at his father. “I didn’t mean to make you mad. I’m just worried about what we saw. Whatever that thing was it was no longer human. Something is going on out there son, and we have no clue as to what it is. Just be careful.” He handed Jim a crossbow. “For Lee, so he can watch your back.” Jim turned and handed Lee the bow. He looked at Lee. He was tall for a seventeen-year-old. “You ready?” he nodded. Everyone came over. Darla walked over and kissed them both. Sara walked over and hugged Lee. “Be careful out there bubby!” Jim looked at his father. “Make sure you secure the door!”
Jim and Lee stepped outside, the sun had started going down, and the air was getting cooler. “Stay close!” they turned as Earl secured the door. Jim took off, he looked over his shoulder to make sure Lee was keeping up. The two of them stopped at the edge of the meadow. They started to cross when Jim stopped. He raised his gun, and shot. “A little luck!” The two of them walked over to the deer. “It’s huge dad. It will feed us for a month!” Jim nodded. “Let’s drag it into the trees and gut it.” Lee bent down and helped his father drag the deer. He stood and watched as his father stabbed his knife into its stomach, and slit it. He reached in and pulled out the innards. “Wow, I can’t believe how much meat is there.”
Jim looked back towards the creek. “Let’s go and wash our hands.” Lee followed his father through the woods and to the creek. The two of them bent down and washed their hands. The water was cold. Lee stood up, and dried his hands on his pants. “Be right back. Nature calls!” He walked back up the bank. He looked around and walked over to a tree. He looked down and let out a scream. He fell back onto the ground. He stared at the two bodies lying there. “What is it?” Lee pointed. His father looked at the two. He pulled out his flashlight and looked closer. “That looks like old man Walker and his wife.” He turned back to Lee and held out his hand. Lee got to his feet and stood beside his father. “Looks like they have been here for a while.”
Jim flashed the light on their faces. “They look the same as the woman earlier today.” He walked around to the side. “They’ve been shot in the head.” Jim turned to lee. “Let’s get back!” and suddenly, there was a crunch. He turned and saw a man standing. Lee backed off. He smacked his jaws over and over. Jim raised his gun. “Dad use this!” Lee handed him the crossbow. The man came closer.
Lee stood behind his father watching as the man came closer. “Stop or I will shoot!” It just kept coming. Jim raised the bow and fired, it stopped for a second, and then continued coming closer. Jim raised the bow again and shot. This time, he hit the thing right in the heart, but it didn’t stop. Both of them covered their nose and mouth as it got closer. Jim raised his light and shined it on it. The blood that oozed from the thing was black. Lee watched as his father raised the bow for the third time, and aimed at the head. The arrow hissed through the air and hit the thing between the eyes, it fell to ground with a thud. They walked over to it and looked down. “I’ve seen him before. He’s from town.” Jim turned and looked at Lee. “Let’s get out of here.” They hurried to the deer. Lee bent down and grabbed it by the legs, as his father grabbed the other two. They ran across the meadow, and down the side of the cave. Lee pounded on the door. Moments later the door opened. His grandfather stood there with his gun ready. “Hurry get in here.” The two of them dragged the deer inside. Jim let his end drop to the floor, and bared the door. He looked up at everyone. “We had a little luck!” he pulled a chair out and sat down. He looked up at Lee and shook his head. Lee nodded, knowing that his father didn’t want the rest of them to know what they had seen. Darla walked into the back and came pulling a piece of plastic. Jim helped his father drag the deer back into the corner of the kitchen. His father pulled out a rope from the wall.  They tied the front legs and hung the deer. Turning to look at his family, he said. “That should feed us for the next month.” Darla walked up to him and kissed him. “We’ll get to work on it tomorrow.” He nodded.
They all sat in the living room. Jim told his parents and his wife, Darla what had happened. They became quiet. She looked at Lee and said warmly. “Are you ok?” he nodded. “What about their children?” Jim looked at Darla. “We only saw the two.” Darla moved close to Jim and laid her hands on his shoulder. “We have to go look for them. They were Sara’s playmates. They could be hurt, or starving.” He turned to his father. “Can you take care of things around here for a few days?” his father nodded, facing Lee, “You knew the children. I think you should come with me.” Jim stood up. “Then it’s settled. Lee and I will go to the Walker’s farm tomorrow.” He turned to his father. “Why don’t you and mom work on a list of the things we need!” he turned and looked at Lee. “You need to get some rest and get ready. It will take us most of the day tomorrow to get to their farm.” Lee nodded. They stood and watched as he disappeared back through the cave. Jim knew he was in his own little space. He didn’t even have a bed. He had given his to Sara his little sister. He laid on the floor in a sleeping bag. He looked around at the cool cave and shivered. 
Jim helped his dad skin the deer. He dipped his hands in the bowl to wash the blood off. “Man it would be nice to have some running water.” Darla walked up behind him. “Yes, it would. Maybe a bath tub with some hot water?” he nodded and gave her a kiss. He took her by the hand. “Ready for bed?” he looked at his parents. “See you in the morning.” The two of them walked back through the cave. Jim pulled back the curtain, and looked at the bed. Darla walked through and pulled out a bag. She walked over and started to shove clothes into it. She turned and handed it to him. “Please be careful out there!” 
Jim laid in bed, he twisted and turned. He couldn’t get the images of the woman and man out of his head. He wondered what had happened to them. Then his thoughts wondered to the Walkers. They were nice people. He couldn’t imagine why anyone would hurt them. He sat up, and looked at Darla. He slowly got up and pulled on his shirt. He walked back to the kitchen, and sat down. There just wasn’t anyway he would be able to sleep.
He looked at the deer, and the empty shelves. He knew that his mom and Darla would can the meat. Darla came up behind him. “Worried?” he turned and nodded kissing her hand.  “I just can’t get those things out of my mind. I shot it right in the heart but it didn’t die, it got up. It was like something out of the movies.” She sat down beside him. “Well maybe you will find something out tomorrow?” he leaned in and kissed her. “I hope so.” He looked around the cave, and looked at her. “What if we go to the Walker’s farm and we find the children dead like their parents?” Darla looked at him. “Well, that would be most unfortunate.” She took his hand and led him to the couch. “Well let’s pray that’s not the case. I’d hate to think they lost their lives so young.” She snuggled up with him. “It’s all I’ve been thinking about. I can’t even remember their names.”
Jim woke a few hours later. He looked at the clock. It was exactly 2am. He slowly scooted out, not to wake Darla. He grabbed a throw from the chair, and covered her. He walked back to their room, and threw a few extra items in his bag. He opened the night stand table and pulled out a tablet of paper and a pencil. He walked back to the kitchen table, and sat down. He looked around thinking about what they would be needing. He looked at his wife sleeping on the sofa. The first thing he would get was a bed for Lee. Then they would get what they needed for the heating. He thought about what Darla had said about running water. They had the well all they would need would be some line and a pump. He scribbled it down on the list. He turned as he felt hands on his shoulders. Darla slowly took the pencil from him, and laid it on the table. She took him by the hand, and led him back through the cave.
Jim woke, and stumbled putting on his clothes. He looked at the empty bed. He took a deep breath; he could smell the coffee. He picked up his bag, and headed through the cave. He saw his parents standing with their coffee beside the table. “Good morning!” Darla handed him a cup. Jim walked over and laid his bag on the table. “Why are you all up?” he pulled out a chair and had a seat. His parents did the same. His mom slid the list to him. Darla came behind him, and massaged his shoulders. He looked over the list. It was the same old thing he’s seen over and over. Beds, clothing, food, heating stoves, water pipe etc... “We’ll get as much as we can. Maybe we’ll find an old truck we can use.” He laid the paper down. “Above all I hope to find the Walkers children.” He took a sip of his coffee, looking around the table at the worried faces. 
“Don’t worry, we’ll be fine.” His father dropped his coffee. “I hope you are doing what is right? Seems you have forgotten what had happened yesterday? How do you explain those things?” Jim thought for a moment. “I can’t explain any of it. I can’t get the images out of my head. I know whatever is going on out there is dangerous. Those things acted like they wanted to tear us apart. Who knows, maybe that was all of them?” His father sat back in his chair and shook his head. “You don’t believe that any more than we do.” Darla slid out the chair next to him, and sat down. “Maybe your father is right. Maybe it’s too dangerous to worry about the children?” Jim got up, and walked to the deer. He turned and faced his family. “What if this is it? What if whatever is going on out there has killed the animals too? Then what do we do? How will we survive the winter? Our supplies are almost gone! We don’t have a choice but to go and look for the children, and see if we can find food.” 
He sat back down. He looked around the table. Not one of them said anything. They knew he was right. There was no way they would make it through the winter without supplies.
Chapter Two
Morning came fast. Lee’s alarm had gone off at 4am. Today, he and his father would venture out to the Walker’s farm in hope of finding their children, and possibly get a few things they needed. Lee knew this trip could be very dangerous, and he didn’t like the idea of leaving his mother and sister, but they had to go. There could be children out there that needed their help.
“Lee, you’re up. We’ll be leaving soon. I’m almost ready. Make sure you pack some extra clothes and wear your boots.” Lee nodded. This totally made sense to him. They would be gone for a few days. He was hoping they might not have to walk back. He also knew that they might not even make it back. He pushed some extra clothes into his satchel and looked at his sleeping bag. Maybe he’d have a bed when they got back. He turned, closed the curtains, and made his way to the living space. Everyone was there. Sara sat with her head down. Lee walked up to her. 
 “Hey, Sis.  Don’t worry we’ll be ok. I’ll see you in a few days. Is there anything you want me to bring if I can find it?” She shook her head. 
“I only want you to come back. I’ll miss you Bubby, I love you.” She wrapped him in a hug. 
“I love you too” 
Next were his grandparents.  They both gave him a hug and then backed off. His mom stood with tears streaming down her face. “It will be ok mom. We’ll be gone a few days.  We could figure out what’s going on.” She threw her arms around him. 
 “Come back to me. I love you so much.” 
“I love you too Mom.” She backed off crying, walking over to Jim. 
 “Keep him safe. I love you!” She gave him a kiss, not wanting to let go. She knew this was a risk. She also knew that it was a risk they had to take. It could answer a lot of their questions, and maybe, they could go back to living in a real house. Not hiding, like rats, in an unknown world. 
“We’ll both be back in a few days,” Jim said. “I love you, Darla. Don’t go out unless it’s really necessary. You should be good on food. Listen to Dad. We’ll bring back any supplies we find, and hopefully, we’ll find some answers.” She took a step back. Jim’s dad walked up to him. 
 “Be safe out there. Don’t risk your safety for anything. We will survive, just come back to us.” Jim shook his hand. His mom came up to him and gave him a hug. 
“I love you son.” 
“I love you too Mom.” 
“Come on Lee, let’s get going.” Everyone stepped aside as he joined his father at the back entrance. “Make sure you bar this back up.” Jim’s dad nodded. Jim pushed the barrier feeling the chilly morning air. He motioned for Lee to go ahead. “We’ll see you guys in a few days,” Jim heard his dad barring the door as they moved on. “Lee, we’re going to move fast and stay in the tree line as much as we can.” he nodded, and they began walking.
The woods were eerie at this time of day. The moon was starting to sink and give way to sunrise which cast a shadow. Lee felt the dew from the trees. In a few minutes, they were in the meadow. His father moved very quickly getting across. It was hard for him to keep up, but he did. “You ok?” Lee nodded. “Ok, we’ll follow the creek most of the way. We should be pretty concealed until we come to the road.” Lee nodded, and they continued walking. Lee thought about his family, especially his little sister. He knew the rest could take care of themselves. She deserved a normal life and not a life of hiding in a cave. It’s not that they were starving, or were living in the open, the cave was a godsend; they had shelter, power, water, and that’s survival, but it wasn’t normal.
They travelled for a few more hours. Jim figured they have travelled a few miles at least. His mind pondered on many things. They had travelled through the woods and were yet to see one animal. He slowed down, and saw a small overhang. He figured they could start a small fire and eat. Lee followed. Jim sat down and pulled out a bag of deer jerky from his bag. He handed it to Lee. “Now don’t eat it all. It’s all we have!” Lee snickered 
“Something hot would hit the spot, but I haven’t seen one animal all morning. It’s eerie. Where is everything, and everyone? I was sure we’d see at least a few people. What has happened, Dad?” Lee asked.
 “I don’t know. I’ve only seen birds. As for people, the blast was really strong. That old rock wall was the only thing that saved us. I’d think if folks were dead, we’d see bodies. It just doesn’t make sense. Where are all the animals? This valley was running over with deer.” Lee didn’t know what to say. He knew his father was right. His family had hunted this valley for generations.
The fire felt good.  Their clothes were damp from the morning dew. “We’ll rest for a half hour, and then we’ll be on our way. We should be there late this afternoon, if we don’t run into any problems,” Jim said. “Nature calls. I’ll be right back.” Lee sat, still chewing on his deer jerky. His stomach roared for more. He thought about a nice lunch. Something cooked, and not out of a bag. 
Lee’s daydream was disturbed by yelling. It was his father. “Dad!!!” He yelled, jumping up and running. He could see his father’s head. As he neared, he stopped in his tracks. The sight was unbelievable. Dozens of bodies all burned to a crisp. 
“Stay back Lee!” Jim held up his hand. Lee stopped. The smell was rank. The bodies were charred. 
“Dad what’s going on? What’s happened here?” He put his hand over his nose and mouth. Jim already had his covered. 
“I don’t know, look!” He pointed to the ground. Tire marks “These bodies were dumped and burned, but why? Who would kill like this?” 
“I don’t know,” Lee said. Jim moved closer. He noticed, like the Walkers, the heads on these bodies looked to be shot. Every head had a hole.
“Let’s keep moving! I don’t want to get caught by anyone, especially those who dumped these bodies” Jim said. As Lee turned, he was face to face with a young lady who held a bow and arrow. She had long red hair, and about the same height as him. Her clothes were ragged and torn. She had her bow drawn back. Lee slowly raised his hands. 
“Please don’t, we’re just traveling through. Don’t I know you?” Lee asked. The girl looked at them, and lowered the bow. 
“I’m Lucy Walker, You’re Jim and Lee from the farm next to ours.” Jim slowly walked over beside Lee. 
“Well hello, Lucy you’re the first person we’ve seen. Are you out here by yourself?” She slowly shook her head yes. 
“My brother is at the farm, sick. I was out looking for help. He needs medicine. Can you help?” she asked.
“Well, Lucy we were headed to your place. We were coming to look for you guys and some supplies.” He thought a moment then he got an idea. “Is your mom and dad ok?” Lee looked at his father from the corner of his eye. What was his dad doing?
“I don’t know where they are. They left about a week ago and never came back. I heard them talking about you guys and something about a cave.” Jim’s eyes got big.
“Did they know where this cave was? Did they tell you?” Lucy shook her head. 
“Dad said he was there a long time ago, and when he saw your house and the two dead people, he thought you guys hid. He was coming to you for help. He said you were good people. He told us, if they weren’t back in a week, we should head towards town. We tried but the people are monsters. They put a gun to my brother’s head and told us to leave. On our way back, something came out of the woods. I’m not sure what it was. It looked and smelled dead. It seemingly looked like my high school math teacher, but his mouth looked like it had been chewed on. His stomach was all bloody. Its eyes were black but open and it walked, but seemed dead. It grabbed my brother and acted like it was going to eat him, it bit him on the arm, and now he’s sick. I locked him the basement back home. I don’t know what’s wrong with him.” Jim walked over and wrapped his arms around her, but she wiggled her way out. He held up his hands. 
“We won’t harm you. We’ll follow you home, and if we can help, we will.” She nodded and went walking down the road. Jim and Lee grabbed their things and put out the fire, and hurried to follow her. They were still several miles away from the farm.
It was midday, the sun high over them. It was warming up to be a fine fall day. Jim and Lee walked behind Lucy. Then Jim picked up his pace so he was beside her. “Do you know what happened to all the people back there?” Lucy lowered her head.
“It was the townspeople. It happened while they were chasing us away. A group came through town, grabbing and biting people. The few townspeople who escaped got inside and started shooting. We watched them. They wouldn’t seem to die. They had to shoot them in the head. We couldn’t believe what we were seeing. One after the other, they fell. Then they gathered up the bodies in a truck and left. We were scared they would see us watching. I didn’t know exactly where they dumped the bodies until back there.” Jim didn’t know what to think of her story. Are people eating other people? People who didn’t die after being shot? Jims mind raced. What the heck was going on? 
“Do you know what caused the blast?” Lucy shook her head. 
 “It blew the roof off of our barn but didn’t do much damage to the house. There are plenty of supplies in the cellar. Dad has a bunker too. He was always ready for a disaster. I just wish I knew where they are, and if they are ok.” Jim looked back at Lee and stopped. 
“Lucy, I hate to be the one to tell you, but we found your parents dead. They had been shot in the head just like those folks you described.” Lucy hit the ground, crying.
Jim and Lee stood watching Lucy. She was making a good deal of noise. They hoped someone didn’t hear. Finally, after a few minutes, she stood up. She turned to face them both. “Thanks, for telling me. I want to bury them.” Jim nodded. “I want you to help my brother. You can have everything you need from the farm. My only demand is that you take us with you!” She stood looking at them. Jim didn’t know what to say. He didn’t really know this girl. Would it be safe to take her back? 
“I’ll think about it. You have to realize I have a family to protect. If you show us that you can listen, and be no threat, then I’ll consider it.” She shook her head. 
“That’s not good enough. I want safety for my brother and myself. You knew my parents. You know what kind of people we are. I’ll show you where dad kept all his doomsday items. Just promise me.” Jim looked at Lee. 
“Alright, I’ll take you back with us. You help us get supplies, and the things on this list” he reached into his coat and pulled out the list his mother and father had written. Lucy took the list. 
“We have natural gas heating, I’m sure you can get what you need.” Jim nodded. 
“We’ll have to see how things go with your brother. If he’s severely sick, we might have to go get Mom. Did your father have any old trucks?” Jim asked.
“You will be surprised at what Dad has!” She turned and continued to walk. 
After a few hours of walking, a farm started to come into view. First, some old barns, and then the house in the center. It was an old-fashioned two-story house painted white. Jim had forgotten how big the house was. Lucy walked in front onto the property. “This way,” she said, walking around the farm equipment leading them around the back of the house. If only it was safe. They could live here comfortably, but he knew it would never happen. There was so much he didn’t understand. 
They followed her to the back of the house. They came to a door, then Lucy stopped. The door was cracked and had blood smeared all over it.  She turned to look at Jim. “Someone has been here. My brother!” Jim caught her by the arm. 
“Let me go first! They might still be here.” Jim went through the door. Blood trailed through the house. The house was as he remembered it, lavish. The Walkers were better off than his family, and their home showed it. Jim walked through the house. It wasn’t torn up; he didn’t think the house was broken into. As they came into the kitchen, he saw food on the cabinet shelves. He lowered his gun and turned to Lucy. “I don’t think your house was broken into, must have been your brother. Look at the blood.” Lucy ran to the basement door, and as Jim had suggested, it was wide open. She rushed down the stairs and stopped at the bottom. It was empty. 
 “He must have come looking for me! He is wandering around out there sick looking for me.” She went into the basement searching. There were puddles of blood everywhere, but no signs of a struggle. “I don’t think he was attacked. Must be the sickness!” She ran back upstairs yelling his name. Jim and Lee followed her. 
They searched every room in the house, but there was no sign of him. The blood didn’t go upstairs. The front door was wide open, with the trail leading outside. They followed it. They came up to one of the barns. The doors were open, and they saw the small trail of blood. As they entered they heard a small growl. Jim grabbed her by the arm. 
“SSSHHHH! Someone is in here,” Jim said. She struggled, trying to get loose from his grip. 
“Let me go, it’s my brother,” Lucy hissed. Then all of a sudden from the side, there came a rush. A young boy, not yet in his teens, came rushing towards them. “Frankie it’s me!” Lucy yelled. The boy didn’t stop. As he came closer they had to cover their noses. The smell was beyond anything they had ever smelled before. His skin was translucent, and he made growling noises. His eyes were open but looked empty. He dragged a small goat. It was dead, and its guts were hanging out. Jim backed off. 
“What the heck is wrong with him?” Jim raised his gun. “Get her back!” Lee rushed forward and grabbed her. 
“Come on,” Lee said, “I don’t think that’s your brother anymore. This has something to do with the blast.” She fought, but backed away sobbing. 
“Just don’t hurt him, please!” The boy didn’t stop. Jim didn’t know what to do. He didn’t understand what was going on. The boy smacked his lips and showed his teeth. His lips and the skin around them were gone. Jim rushed forward and swept his feet out from under him. Quickly, he sat on the boy. 
“Get me some rope!” Lee let go of Lucy and scrambled around. He found some rope hanging on the wall. He rushed back to his father. They tied his hands and his feet and flipped him over. The boy didn’t stop snapping his jaws. They dragged him back to a large pole and tied him to it. 
Lucy stood watching her brother. Tears were streaming from her eyes. Lee came up from behind her. “What are we going to do? Look at him! It’s like he’s not in there. He wasn’t like this when I left him.” 
“I don’t know,” Lee replied. “He’s awfully sick. I think he needs to stay here until we get the supplies, and we’ll see how things go. Dad has some antibiotics in his satchel. We’ll try to give him a few and see what happens.” Lucy nodded. 
“I don’t like having him tied up out here, but just look at him!” she said. Lee nodded and took her by the hand. 
“Let’s get to work. We’ll come back in a while with the meds,” Lee said. Lucy followed him out of the barn. Jim was looking at the big farm truck. 
“You don’t want that.” Lucy commented. “You can hear it in town when it’s running. Over here.” They followed her behind the barn, they saw two smaller vehicles. “Dad was working on these. See the top? They are battery operated and charge by solar power. His mod isn’t perfect, but they are decent vehicles, and most importantly, they are quiet!” Jim checked them out. They had nice mud tires. He leaned his gun up against the first vehicle. Lee joined him, looking at them. 
“How far will they run on a charge?” Jim asked. They turned to look at Lucy but she was gone. “Lucy!”
They ran looking for her. Then suddenly, they heard a gunshot. They ran towards the barn. She stood there crying heavily. She shot her brother in the belly. They walked up to her. Jim took the rifle. “I couldn’t stand him being like that!” Jim nodded but noticed the shot hadn’t killed the boy. “Why isn’t he dead?” Lucy asked. He shook his head. The gun shot oozed black blood. He didn’t understand. Lee spoke. 
“Shoot him in the head! Everyone we’ve seen has been shot that way.” Jim raised the rifle and shot. The boy went limp this time. Lucy fell to the ground. Lee bent and hugged her. She got up, and went to the side of the barn and opened a door. She grabbed a shovel and left. They found her to the left of the barn. She was digging and crying. Lee felt so sorry for her. He knew how he would feel if that had been one of his family members. 
After about an hour, they had finally dug a deep grave. Jim went to the barn and wrapped the boy in a blanket he found hanging. Lucy was on her knees again, crying. Jim and Lee lowered him into the grave. Lucy stood and started filling it in. They helped, and after a few minutes he was buried. “I want to be left alone for a while. There’s a cellar over there. Take what we will need!” Lucy said. They nodded and walked to the cellar.
When they opened it, they were in awe. It was huge. Meat hung from the rafters. Jars lined the shelves against the walls. “Well, this is good” Jim said. He turned, but Lee wasn’t there. He glanced back towards Lucy and saw Lee holding her.  
Jim turned back to the cellar. He walked down the aisles. There were many jars. Meats, fruits, jams, veggies; there was enough food here to serve them a long time. He looked at all the meat hanging from the ceiling. Hams, and dried fish, he marveled at the food. He walked around the shelves and back towards the door when he saw Lucy and Lee. 
 “I told you my father was a prepper!” She said as she walked passed him. “Come with me.” She headed to the back. There, hidden almost from view, was another door, but this time, it was locked. She took out her keys and opened the door. “He stocked up on everything. This goes underground and leads to the basement.” Jim walked around her. There were shelves lined with guns and ammo. The further he went, the more he saw. All kinds of different things. He saw lamp oil, lamps, solar panels, batteries, and wire. This equipment made their setup look so small. They could practically run a whole house with this stuff. 
“Your father was prepared,” he said. Lucy nodded.  
“He wanted to be ready. He said we could survive for over ten years with this stuff. There are manuals back there. Instructions on how to set up this stuff.” Jim saw mini fridges, freezers, lighting, and batteries that doubled the size of what he and his father had. 
“With your permission, we’ll take as much of this as we can, and the vehicles. Do you know how long the batteries last?” Jim asked. 
“The last run got him to town and back. That’s close to fifty miles.” Jim’s brow raised.
 “Well let’s use them!”  Take this equipment first, and some firearms. Lucy, are there beds around here we can take?” Lucy nodded. 
“I think there are a few in the basement.” She took Lee by the hand. “Let’s go get the vehicles.” Lee followed her. Jim started to gather the solar equipment. Most were still in the packages. He was so amazed. This guy really knew his stuff. 
He heard a low rumbling, and looked at the door. He saw the first vehicle parked. He carried the first box out. The vehicles were a nice size. They could haul a bit, but it would take weeks to haul all of this stuff back to the cave. 
For the next few hours, they loaded the vehicles. Jim knew they had hit the jackpot. He also knew that whatever they left behind was for the picking. He looked around. Maybe they could hide the entrance somehow. Lucy saw him standing and looking around. 
 “You haven’t seen everything yet, I bet you’re thinking about hiding the entrance.” Jim nodded. Lucy walked in the cellar and came back with a remote. “My father has it covered.” She pressed a button, and a huge IRON door came down. “Unless they have a nuclear bomb, it will be hard for someone to get in. Go ahead, touch it.” Jim walked over and touched it. He immediately got knocked back. 
 “Your father was something else. That should keep it safe for a while.” 
Jim got up and walked over to her. “I’m so sorry, you’ve lost so much in such a short time.  I promise we’ll keep you safe. We have a nice place, little damp, but it’s safe!” Lucy hugged him. “Thank you. My family would thank you too if they were here!” She sobbed. 
They made their way back to the main house. In the basement, they found several beds. Piece by piece, they packed them into the vehicles. Lucy went to her room to get some of her things. She felt so disconnected. Her family was gone. Her brother buried hours before. She looked around her room. She knew she’d be back, but who knew if the house, and her things would be here then. Lee came to the door. “Lucy, we are ready to go. You can bring whatever you want.”  She had two bags, and the bedding. Lee walked over and picked up the bags. She walked over to her dresser and stuffed a few family pictures into her bag. 
“Ok, I’m ready.” She picked up the bedding and left, not looking back.
“I don’t reckon you have iron doors to protect the house?” Jim asked. Lucy shook her head. 
“He didn’t get that far,” Jim smiled at her. He looked at both vehicles and felt warm inside. The things packed would make their survival much more bearable. 
“Let’s get on the road. It won’t take us long in these.” Lucy got in with Lee. Jim led the way. Jim didn’t like taking the road all the way back to the cave. He veered off it as much as possible. It would be very easy to lead someone back to them. 
It took less than an hour to get back to the cave. He drove through the forest to the back. He couldn’t get the vehicle as close as he liked, but it was close enough. The drive took most of the charge. He knew they had to be in good sunlight before they would recharge, since the top was covered in solar panels. “I think this is good enough. We’ll have to carry the stuff the rest of the way.” Lee nodded and pulled up beside him. He was glad to be back.
Lucy got out and stood beside Lee. They followed Jim to the entrance. Jim knocked. A few moments later the door opened. His father stood there in the opening holding his rifle. “We weren’t expecting you back until tomorrow or the next day. 
“Well, we’ve had a little luck, dad.” His father walked outside. He walked around the two vehicles. 
 “What’s these things running on?” Earl asked.
 “Batteries, and they charge by solar!” Jim replied. “Leave it up to Walker to make something like this! 
“Well, who is this young lady?” Earl asked as he stood looking at Lucy. 
“This is the Walkers’ daughter, Lucy.” 
“Nice to meet you.” He held out his hand. She stepped forward and shook it. “Go in my dear, the lady folks are in there.” As she neared the doorway she saw three ladies standing. Lee’s mom stepped forward. 
“Hello, my name is Darla. I’m Lee’s mom, this is his little sister Sara. And that is his grandmother.” 
“So nice to meet you,” Lucy said. “Thank you for letting me stay here!” Darla nodded to her. 
“Come in and rest.” They stepped aside. Lucy examined the cave. 
 “It’s not much, but it’s hidden and has become our home,” Darla commented. 
“It’s wonderful,” Lucy added. She dropped her bag and sat down on the couch. Darla turned and looked at Sara and Ruth. 
“Keep her company, I’m going to help the guys,” said Darla. 
“Can I come too, Mommy?” Sara asked. Darla nodded. 
“Don’t run off!” Sara agreed. 
They met Lee carrying in supplies. He walked past the make-shift kitchen. He saw half the deer still hanging. He also smelled it cooking. His stomach let out a growl. It's been almost a day since he had a good meal. “Mom, come and look.” She followed Lee, as he sat down the boxes he carried. He opened them and handed her the first few jars. They had writing on them. Pork, 10-15-13. 
“Oh, wow,” she said. 
“That’s nothing! There’s a cellar full of hams, and rows of canned goods. There’s everything there! Enough food to last years!” She stood back in awe. 
“My dad was a bit of a prepper,” Lucy said, coming into the kitchen. “He knew something would happen one day and he wanted to be prepared. He wanted us to be safe!”
Darla wrapped her in a hug. “I’m sorry about your family.” Lucy started crying. 
“We buried my brother earlier this morning. He caught whatever is happening out there. He was a monster.” 
“I’m so sorry my dear!” Darla sympathized. She hugged Lucy close. She couldn’t imagine losing her whole family.
The guys carried in the remaining supplies. They had everything stacked against the cave walls. “Let’s start with the beds,” said Jim. “Lee, help Lucy set hers up. I think beside Sara would be a good spot.” He raised his brow. Lee knew what his father was thinking. He didn’t want Lucy close to him. He did as his father had asked. 
In minutes he had the bed put together, then he moved on to his own. It would be nice to sleep in a real bed. It didn’t take long to put his put together. He threw himself on it. Lee joined the others, his mom and grandmother were storing the food, and his dad and grandfather were looking through the power boxes. 
“There are enough panels and supplies here to light this whole place,” his grandfather said. “It should give us enough power to run whatever we want. What about the gas?” He looked over at Jim. 
 “We didn’t have time.” Jim replied. “I figured this was more important for now. I don’t think we have to worry about the other stuff. Mr. Walker has a pretty good security system.” He looked up at Lucy who returned a smile
“I think Dad had some things in the other barn. I’ll show you when we go back.” Jim nodded. 
“We’ll wait a day or so before going back. We should take things slowly. It is better to be safe than being greedy.” He walked over to Lucy. “Welcome home dear!” and wrapped her in a hug!
Chapter Three
The days seemed to fly by. Jim, Lee, and Earl spent the week rewiring the lighting system. The next trip they would be getting the gas line and stoves. The nights were getting much colder. They had worked on the gas line. They knew exactly what they needed now. They also planned on replacing the doors with steel ones Lucy remembered her father having. 
The ladies worked on a storage area to store all the canned goods and hams. They figured there was enough food to last them through the winter, but they would get more on the next trip not leaving behind anything useful.
Lucy fit in with the family nicely. The ladies loved her. She was eager to learn and help as Darla and Ruth taught her how to can the remaining deer meat. The things they found on her family’s property would definitely make their lives better. Sara loved having her around, although their ages were years apart. She spent most of her time with Lucy. The family had several deliberations on the possibility of living at the Walker’s farm. It seemed like a place everyone had forgotten. The only thing that worried them was how close it was to town. Sooner or later, if supplies become scarce, people would go searching.  After dinner one night, they all sat down and made a list. Lucy told them about the things her father had created. There was another battery powered car. Her father had made some high pressured lines, which could be used for water and gas. She figured they could be used to run the natural gas lines to the cave. She described how he had run them to the cellar and no one ever noticed. She was sure there were still extra in the barn, including some heating stoves. Her father had transformed all major appliances to be able to run off solar power and batteries. Everything they would need was available. So, they made plans to make another trip in the next few days. The old wood stove heated well, but the gas would be better.
Lucy described the security fences which went under the ground and wireless camera systems! He had money, and he wasn’t afraid to spend it when it came to protecting his family!
Darla and Ruth were more interested in a good cooking stove. They would be able to cook by just turning on a burner. The ladies sat down and made a list of the things they would need. Heating up the cave and cooking was their top priority. They were just a few weeks from Thanksgiving, which they intended to make special. They were not sure how long the cave would be their home. They had no idea what really was going on in the world. Ruth and Darla sat at the table with their paper and pens. 
“You know what I’d like to have?” asked Ruth. 
“What’s that?” asked Darla. 
“A bathtub,” Ruth replied. “I know there are more important things we need, but wouldn’t it be nice to be able to soak in a tub of hot water?” While they were still talking, Jim cut in. 
“Do you know how long it would take to heat enough water to fill a tub?” he asked.
“I know son, but it would be nice to soak, and I know you guys feel the same way!” Jim nodded and stood behind his wife looking at the list. 
“What if we could have hot water?” Everyone turned around and looked at Lucy. 
“What do you mean?” asked Jim. 
“Well, Dad has these small devices connected to the waterlines. It heats the water as it comes through the pipe!” 
 “We can’t waste power on something like that!” Jim declared emphatically. “We have no idea how this new system is going to work.” 
“My father’s system is bulletproof,” Lucy retorted. “Have you had one glitch hooking it up? He designed it himself; he bought the best! Anyway, the water heating system is self-contained. It has its own battery and panel, and it would take moments to install. It should be fully charged since it hasn’t been used for a while.” Jim stood thinking. Who was this man? Was there anything he hadn’t thought of? 
“Oh, Jim please?” Ruth cried. He looked at his mom. 
“We’ll see how things go. If Lucy goes back with us, and we have the room, we’ll do our best. I’m not making any promises, but I’m sure we’ll be making more than one trip back! Sooner or later we’ll get it.” Ruth sat down. She knew that the other things were more important for their survival.
Jim’s dad came into the room and joined them. He and Lee had been checking the power grid. The hardest part was hiding the panels so that they couldn’t be seen from the ground. It actually helped to be surrounded by trees and overhead growth. But unfortunately, the panels only received filtered light, which charged more slowly. The panels taken from the Walker farm seemed to be more prolific. The power banks charged more quickly. They had been able to run the lighting and more, and it didn’t use a quarter of the power. Jim figured they had enough banks to last a month, even in darkness. They had been pushing the system. The ladies had been using their electric cooking items more and more. The children were charging their electronics too. Game systems were being played, and book readers used. Jim and his dad kept track of daily use, and the system was amazing, but he warned everyone to use less of it. He didn’t want it taken for granted. Anything could happen, and if the new system went down they would have to go back to lights only! 
“The power system it holding its own! The new system is really awesome. The panels seem to be twice as good as what we had!” Lee announced. Jim nodded. 
“We just have to be careful until it’s working at full capacity. We don’t want to end up going back to the old system.” Everyone agreed. It sure was nice when they didn’t have to worry about running the batteries dead.
“Dad, I think Lee, myself and Lucy will return to the farm tomorrow or the day after.” Jim announced. “Mom wants these water heating things Lucy’s dad has connected to their water. If we have time and it is safe, we’ll bring them back. We’ll take our time, to get as much as we can.” His father looked kind of grim. “What’s wrong?” Jim asked. 
 “Well, I was hoping to go with you guys this time. I’m tired of being stuck in here.” Jim knew how he felt. He was tired of being stuck inside too. 
“I need you here to protect the ladies. We’ll be going back. After we get the new doors up, then we’ll talk about you going with us.” Earl nodded. Jim noticed the disappointment on his father’s face. “I’m not sure what to do about the fence. How do they work Lucy?” Everyone turned to Lucy. 
“They are like the underground dog fences. You bury the wire and hook it to this box, and each person gets one of these bands.” She held up her wrist to show everyone. “Anyone who crosses the boundary and doesn’t have this band gets a jolt. Works good for animals too!” Jim looked at everyone. 
“That could add more security, and give us peace of mind.” Earl turned towards his son. 
“It could also give our location away!” 
Jim thought a second. “Yes, it could! Good work Dad. Let’s not worry about the fence. Let’s work on the doors, and more food!” Lucy nodded. 
“I know where everything is. It won’t take us long to get it” Lucy added. “There are a few things I’d like to do while there. I want to go out and get my parents and take them back to the farm. I want them to be buried properly. There are a few more tech projects my father has in the main house. I think they will be beneficial, I’m just not sure how stable they are.” 
“Ok, so we’re all set,” Jim said. “Lucy has said there’s another electric vehicle. We’ll bring it back if possible. That will allow us to get a little more this time. I want you guys to stay inside while we’re gone. We should be back the day after tomorrow unless we finish early and there’s still time to get back tomorrow.” Lucy got up and left. Everyone looked at one another. She came back holding a small bag.
 “These will enable us to keep in touch with each other.” She pulled out a set of what looked like walkie talkies, but they had been modified. “Dad made these several years ago. Like everything else, he’s modified them to charge by solar power. They also have a very wide range. They should allow us to communicate. I’m not sure of its performance inside the cave.” She handed them to Jim who looked and flipped the switch. 
“Wonder if we can pick-up anyone else?” They listened as he switched from one frequency to another. “Guess not!” he flipped it off. He looked at his parents and his wife and daughter. “Now we can keep in touch.” He could still tell they were worried. He too was worried. He was so afraid of leading someone here, but they had to have more supplies. 
Mr. Walker’s inventions were amazing. Within a short time, they had already made their lives normal.  He looked at all food they had taken from the cellar, and the electric system that provided power for lights, and the many gadgets now connected to it. He looked over at Lucy. “Lucy, I want to thank you. You didn’t have to trust us, or share all these wonderful inventions. Lee and I will go out by the creek and get your parents later this evening, and tomorrow we will help you lay them to rest. I’m so sorry you had to lose them. You’re so young, and we are very happy to have you here with us. Welcome to the family!” Everyone turned and thanked her. 
Lee took her by the hand. Everyone else watched and wondered. They had been spending a lot of time together. Jim didn’t worry much about things getting out of hand. Sara had been with them most of the time, but soon he would need to talk with Lee. He was glad that in this world of confusion his son might have a life.  
Then, Jim found himself thinking about the things Lucy had told them. The sickness her brother had. How he acted. They still had no idea how far it has spread.
Jim, Lee, and Lucy packed for tomorrow’s trip. At least, this time, they had a way of communicating with the cave. It would provide a little peace of mind to both groups. Lucy looked up at the makeshift shelf on the cave wall. Sitting there was the only picture she had of her family. She couldn’t believe they were gone. She only wished she understood why they died. She wished they all knew exactly what was going on out there. It didn’t make sense to any of them. She glanced up and saw Lee standing there watching her. She grinned at him. 
 She had really gotten to know him over the last week. She was falling for him, and she believed he was feeling the same way. She moved her bag over to make room for him on her bed. He walked through the curtains and sat down beside her. She reached over and took him by the hand. As she did he gave her a soft kiss on the lips. They held it until they heard footsteps. “Hmmm.” They both looked up and saw Jim. Behind him, they heard a giggling, and Sara was standing there with her hand over her mouth. 
“Whenever you two are done, please come to the kitchen. We need to have a talk!” They both nodded. Lee looked over at Lucy. 
“Don’t worry, we’re not doing anything wrong!” She nodded back at him. Once again he pressed his lips to hers. He took her by the hand and pulled her from the bed. She followed him to the table. His parents and grandparents were sitting there. 
“Have a seat guys.” His mom called in her soft and sweet tone. Lee knew this wasn’t going to be a normal conversation. He knew they were going to give them a rough time. They didn’t understand their budding young relationship. He wasn’t going to let his family tell him they couldn’t be together. 
“Lee, and Lucy. We didn’t call you in here to give you a hard time. We know you two have feelings for one another. We want you to understand we are happy for you two. We want to make sure you know that there could be some bad consequences if you’re not careful.” Jim said. Lucy blushed. 
“Dad, if you’re worried we’re having sex DON’T,” Lee said. “We enjoy each other’s company. That’s it. A little kissing and holding hands. Don’t worry. We just met, and we know what sex does.” His mother and grandmother seemed a little embarrassed, but he knew the look on his father’s face. 
 “All of us sitting here had once said the exact same thing. It’s easy to get lost in the moment. I need you both to keep your minds on the game tomorrow. There’s no room for any errors.” 
“Dad, we’ll be at our best! We promise!” Jim scooted his chair back and looked at the both of them. He still wasn’t satisfied with Lee’s answer. 
 “Ok, now to business. Lucy, the first thing we’ll do when we get to your farm is get the other vehicle. You can drive right?” she nodded to him. “Ok! Once we get it, we’ll get the safety doors. Do you know how your father added them to the rock?” Once again she nodded. “Ok, then we’ll get the hot water stuff.” 
Lucy chimed in, “I think there are a few extra devices in the cellar. It will save us some time.” 
“Great, that will give us more time to get the gas stuff. We’ll load everything, and if we have enough daylight, we’ll head back tomorrow evening. If it’s late, we’ll spend the night. Dad and I will be leaving in a while to get the Walkers’ bodies.” He was cut off by Lee 
“I thought I was going?”
 Jim continued. “If anyone comes up with something new, we’ll talk about it at dinner time. Lee, you need to rest. You will need all of your strength this trip.” With that, he got up and walked away. Earl followed him. Lee knew his father was passing judgment on him. For once in his life, he was telling the truth, and he didn’t believe him. Oh, well. There was nothing he could do about it. He would rest. He took Lucy by the hand and walked off into the living room.
Darla and Ruth worked on dinner. They still marveled at all the canned goods. They had been living on wild game. The pork smelled so good frying. They added some dried onion and pepper to it. It had been awhile since they had good spices. They couldn’t wait to have a real stove to cook on. 
Ruth picked up a bag of dried potatoes. She dumped them into the skillet and added a little water. She added some salt and pepper, and a dash of garlic. She stirred. The potatoes sucked up the water and became like fresh. 
“I think we have everything we need for dinner next week, but the turkey,” Ruth said. Darla nodded. 
 “I’m sure we’ll find something, or we’ll bake one of those hams.” Lucy had entered the room while Ruth and Darla were talking.
 “I think there are some turkeys in the freezer. I’ll look tomorrow.” Ruth walked over and gave her a hug. 
“I’m so glad you’ve come to stay with us, and I’m glad my grandson has you in his life!” Lucy felt so happy. Darla liked Lucy, but she agreed with her husband. They were too young, and things could go too far in the blink of an eye.  
“I’m glad Lee has you in his life. I just want you two to take things slow.” Lucy nodded. Darla and Ruth went back to cooking.
At dinner everyone was in a good mood. The food was good. It was nice to have something new. Something without the wild taste. “Ladies, this meal is delicious!” Jim stood and clapped his hands. Everyone else joined him. Darla and Ruth blushed. 
“Oh, sit and eat,” Ruth said smiling from ear to ear. Everyone ate until they felt like bursting. 
“Well, pops we should be getting ready to go. I want to get there and back before dark.” Jim’s father nodded. Lee stood up. “You’re staying here this time son. Get ready for tomorrow!” Lee shuffled his feet and walked away. Lucy got up and started to follow him. “Lucy, why don’t you help the ladies clean up!” she turned and looked at Jim. 
“I’m grateful that you accepted me into your family, and giving me a place to live, but you’re not keeping us apart,” she told Jim. “We are doing nothing wrong, and if the time comes that we want to take our relationship to the next level, no one will stop us.” She walked over to him and stood directly in front of him. Jim took a step back. “I’m looking you right in the eye, and telling you we are doing nothing wrong.” Jim didn’t know what to say or do. Darla came up from behind her. 
 “Let’s not fight. We’re glad you’re here, and what you’re doing for our family.” Lucy turned to follow Darla when she felt a hand on her shoulder. 
Jim said, “I believe you, and I’m really glad he has you! Go tell him he can come with us.” Lucy rushed up and gave him a hug. She turned and went to find Lee.
Lee had wandered back into the cave where the lightning had stopped. They had a barrier up here as well. Lucy found him sitting with his hands in his lap. He looked up at her. She bent down and took his hands. “Your dad and grandpa are waiting for you. He’s changed his mind.” Lee looked at her. He took her by the hand and stood up. He led her back through the cave. They found Jim and Earl waiting by the back entrance. Lucy gave Lee a kiss on the cheek. With that, Lee joined his father and grandfather. 
Earl spoke up. “I think it best if you two go on. I’ll stay here.” Jim nodded. After which Lee and Jim disappeared through the door. 
The sun was beginning to set. They had almost half an hour before dusk. Lee followed his father out to the vehicle. They already packed some plastic in which they would wrap the bodies the best they could. They didn’t speak. They got into the vehicle and began driving. Lee was glad they found these vehicles. They would make their lives much easier. The evening was pretty chilly. He was glad he had a hoodie on. 
“Are we going to talk about why you didn’t want me to come?” he asked. Jim was quiet for a few minutes. 
“Lee, I’m afraid you’re going to get yourself into trouble. We all are glad to have Lucy here. You have to be careful. You can’t let things get out of hand.” 
“Dad, I’ve told you,” Lee continued, “Nothing is going on. We’ve only made out a few times. We won’t cross the line!” 
“I honestly believe you son. I just want what’s best for you.” Lee understood how his father felt. If anything happened, and they ended up having a baby, what kind of world would it be raised? What kind of life could they provide? Lee didn’t say one more word. His father was going to feel the way he wanted. He really wished his father would believe in him. 
They finally came to the edge of the tree line. Jim stopped the vehicle. “Keep your eyes open.” he instructed and hit the pedal. They leaped out into the meadow. With the sun going down everything was pretty much shadows. In minutes, they were across the meadow and on the other side. The trees would now provide cover. 
Jim took the vehicle as far as they could. “We’ll have to walk from here.” Lee followed his father and grabbed the supplies. They weren’t far from the creek. Lucy’s parents were on this side. He wondered what kind of shape their bodies would be in. They were in pretty bad shape when they first found them. He was afraid they might have decomposed beyond what they could save. 
As they approached the site, Jim stopped. He grabbed Lee by the arm, and they hunkered down. Jim took the crossbow from his shoulder. He saw some movement up ahead. Jim pointed, and Lee could see two figures bent down. There were low grunting sounds coming from them. “I think it’s those things.” Jim said. Lee nodded. Jim stood up and went very slow. As they approached, the things looked at them. Their eyes glowed in the dusk. The smell was beyond anything either of them had ever smelled. 
The things bent over Lucy’s parents eating them as blood dripped from their mouths and faces. Lee’s stomach turned and he threw up. The things rose to their feet, moving toward Jim and Lee. “Get ready Lee!” Lee cocked his crossbow. “Aim for the heads son!”  Lee pulled the trigger then snap. The arrow hit one of the things head and it fell to the ground with a thud. The other approached them. Lee’s father pulled the trigger but missed it. Its eyes glowed, and its mouth snapped. Lee took the knife from his belt and rushed forward. Whatever these filthy things were, they didn’t move too fast. He slipped behind it and shoved his knife into its skull. Black blood oozed out. The thing hit the ground. Jim threw his bow to the ground with a cry. Lee walked over to his father and bent down. 
 “Come on! Let’s go back. It’s too dangerous out here. There could be more of those things,” Lee said emphatically. 
“What about Lucy’s parents?” Jim asked. 
“Forget them.” Lee replied. “Look there’s nothing left. Those things have eaten them up. We’ll tell her they were gone their bodies have decomposed.” Jim stood thinking.
“No, we’ll take the bones,” Jim declared. He walked up to Lucy’s parents. The skin was now almost completely gone revealing the rib. The internal organs all gone. Lee came up from behind with the plastic. 
“Dad, I’m thinking you should just let the remains be... Lucy would be better off if she was told they have decomposed. She doesn’t need to see this.” Jim stood for a moment. 
“Well, we can at least give them a befitting burial.” He took a shovel from his son and began to throw dirt over the bodies.
It took roughly twenty minutes to bury the Walkers. Jim knew Lee was right. He regretted his actions, but there was nothing he could do. He felt guilty for not coming earlier to bury them. “What do you think we should do about those two?” Lee asked pointing to the things they killed.  Jim looked at the bodies. He took out his flashlight and shone it on them. Their faces looked familiar. He had seen them in town. 
 “Let’s bury them too.” Jim commented. He grabbed the first one by the feet and dragged it over to a tree and began to cover it. Lee grabbed the second by the feet and dragged it off the trail. He shone his light on its face. It was a woman. He recognized her too. 
“Dad, it's Mrs. Ellis from school.” Jim had a closer look. 
“They lived on the other side of the county,” he commented. “These things must be widespread. Let’s get this done and get back!” Lee agreed. They spent another fifteen minutes burying the two. 
When they were done, they walked back to the vehicle. Lee walked with his crossbow cocked. He wasn’t taking any chances. These things were getting close to their home. “Lee I think we’re in trouble. I don’t think anyone is coming to help us. This thing might be worldwide.” There came another crunch and to their left another thing appeared.
 Jim walked up to it and shot it in the head. Like the others, it fell to the ground. “Let’s go!” Jim started to back out of the trees when he felt himself being grabbed. Lee leaned over and shot the thing. Jim continued backing out. There in the meadow, was a small horde of things.
“Go, Dad, go!” Lee yelled. 
“We can’t lead them back to the cave!” Jim yelled back. “We’ll stop, before the cave, and run the rest of the way. Be ready!” Lee nodded. His father hit the pedal and they blasted away! 
They entered the tree line across the meadow and his father stopped. “Run!” he shouted. Lee jumped out and made a dash for the back entrance. They could hear the snapping and moaning as the things came into the woods. Jim and Lee ran as fast as they could, weaving in between the trees. Finally, they saw the back entrance come into view. Then all of a sudden, one of the things grabbed Lee from the side. He was pushed to the ground. He fought with it, trying to push it off. The thing smacked its teeth, trying to bite him. Lee felt the thing go limp. He quickly pushed it off and stood up. 
“Come on!” his grandpa stood at the entrance. Jim grabbed Lee and they got inside. Jim took one final look before closing the door. He would never forget the view of what he saw. With a snap, they closed the door. He locked it latch after latch, and stood back. There came light pounding on the door. 
“What’s going on?” Jim turned and saw everyone standing there. He saw the worry in their eyes.
The pounding continued. Jim stood guard. Darla walked up and took Lee in her arms.
“EEEWWW what in the world do you have on you?” she asked. 
“It’s from those things Mom,” Lee replied. 
“Well, go and wash up,” she said. He nodded and looked at his dad 
“I’ll be right back!” Jim nodded. 
Jim watched as Lucy followed his son. He grinned this time. He reminded himself what it was like to be that age. How it felt to be close to someone, to feel the emotions. Darla caught his glance and walked over to him. He saw the grin on her face. She just leaned in and gave him a kiss. 
“Are you ok?” she asked. 
“I’m fine,” he replied. “Those things surrounded us. There were many of them. We barely made it back!” 
The thumping got louder. Jim sshhhhhhheed everyone. They all got quiet. The thumping slowed and was less frequent. He motioned for everyone to get back. As they all backed away he followed. He felt that the door would hold. As they backed away the thumping had almost stopped. “They are attracted to sound! Listen, they have stopped!” Everyone stood still. He was right. The things had moved away. Jim stepped forward, but Darla grabbed his arm. 
 “You’re not going back out there?” Jim shook his head. 
“I just want to make sure the door is secured.” Jim moved forward. There was still a light beating on the door, but as he examined it, he felt most were gone. The door hadn’t given any. He turned back to his family and motioned for them to move. They all stopped in the living room. Jim let himself fall onto the couch. 
“What happened out there, son?” Earl asked. He looked up at his father. 
“Lucy’s parents were to far gone to bring back,” he told his father, “So we decided to bury them, but when we got to the site, there were two of those things there. We killed them, and buried the Walkers. As we were on our way back to the vehicle, one grabbed me, and Lee killed it. We backed out of the tree line to find a group of those things in the meadow. I floored it. We didn’t want to lead them all the way back so we parked the vehicle just inside the trees and ran. They were all around us. We are very lucky to have made it back!” 
Everyone stood looking at him. He thought “Now what? What were they going to do now?” Those things were right outside their door! 
 Lee and Lucy appeared. Jim looked up. “Thanks, son! You saved my life back there.” Lee nodded to his dad. 
“What are we going to do? We have to get more supplies! We don’t know what’s going on at the farm. We could lose everything,” Lucy said. Everyone looked at her. 
“I’m sorry, but if we go out there we’re dead! We’ll have to make do with what we have for now,” said Jim. “We can’t risk it!” She turned and stormed off. He knew she was right. He just didn’t know how they would make it there, or if it was worth it. 
“Lucy!” She turned and looked at him. “I’m sorry about your parents, and I’m sorry about your farm.”
“Don’t give up. If there’s a way for us to get there and return safely, we will do it.” She stood looking at him. “If we don’t go back, we all die, and this place will become our tomb. Are you willing to watch your family die in here? Watch them starve?” She stood looking at him, waiting for an answer. He looked at her, and he knew she was right. 
“Go get Lee,” he said. She nodded and turned to leave. Darla walked over to Jim. 
“You can’t be thinking about going back out there tomorrow?” she asked. 
“Lucy’s right! If we don’t fight, we die. We need those supplies.” Jim made up his mind. He stood up. “I think these things were traveling. I think they herded up and we just happened to get in their way. Lee recognized one of the things we killed. It was one of his school teachers who lived in the county lane miles from here. Whatever is going on out there is widespread. Maybe the whole world! We have to take the risk. Those things are awful. They are slow. A blow to the head stops them. I see no major threat unless one would get surrounded.”
 “You’re a fool!” said Darla, who turned and stormed off. Lucy came back into the room holding Lee’s hand. 
“Get ready son. At first light, we are going back to the farm.” He nodded, and everyone dispersed. Jim sat thinking about his decision. Was he doing the right thing? Either way, he knew it had to be done.
Chapter Four
Lee was sitting on the couch when Jim arrived. He pulled his boots off and fell in the chair. “Did you get any sleep?”
“No, I watched the door all night. I’m dead tired. I think we need to suspend our trip!” Lee sat and watched his father. 
“I don’t think that’s a good idea, Dad. What happened last night was an eye-opener. We need those supplies.” Jim dropped his head. Last night was a night he’d like to forget. It was a nightmare. He and Lee barely made it back alive. They were lucky to have a strong door which held.
 “I don’t think I can do it, son.” 
“Then permit Lucy and I. You can join us later!” Jim raised his head. He thought for a moment. 
“I don’t think that a good idea, and your mother would never agree.” 
“You know I can take care of myself. You saw it yourself.” 
“Where’s Lucy?” Jim asked.
“She’s getting dressed. She’ll be ready in a few minutes.” Jim couldn’t believe he was actually thinking about letting them go. 
“Let’s see what it’s like out there.” Lee got up. His father followed. They stopped at the door and listened. 
“It’s been quiet out there since first light, I think they have moved on, but there could be few lingering around, so be on your toes.” Lee walked over to the wall and picked up his crossbow. Jim slowly unlatched the door. 
The morning sun shown as the door opened. They didn’t see any of the things. The entrance was covered in stinking slime, and what looked like blood. They both covered their noses and mouths. “They sure made a mess.” said Lee. Jim went out into the morning light. Everything looked clear. Then to their right, they heard some cracking as a thing came toward them. Lee cocked his bow and aimed. He pulled back the trigger and the arrow hit its target. The thing fell lifeless to the ground. 
“Shut the door. We’ll go check on the vehicle,” said Jim. Lee went back and shut the door, and then followed his father. Almost the whole area was covered in tattered clothing and black blood. It was like the things were falling apart. 
“These things are decaying fast. Maybe this won’t last much longer,” Lee said. Jim didn’t say anything. He kept quiet. 
They approached the vehicle. Jim felt he was right. The things had moved on. They had been caught in a horde last night. The things were going somewhere. “The vehicle looks untouched. There’s some blood on this side,” Lee noticed. They walked towards the meadow. 
“Let’s see what’s out there.” Lee followed his father. As they approached the tree line they stopped cautiously looking around, then they continued. They walked out into the morning light. The sun was starting to burn off the fog. The meadow was clear. As with the trees, there were gobs of blood and tissue everywhere. The stench was overwhelming.
Jim could make out a few things on the ground flaring their arms. It looked as if they were trampled by the rest. He walked up to the closest one. It snapped its jaws as he moved close. He bent down and examined it. He heard Lee coming up behind him. 
“I wonder what animates them. I think they were once normal people.” Jim commented. Lee bent down. The thing snapped faster. It seemed excited. He dipped his hands into his pocket, pulled out his knife and stabbed it on the forehead. The thing went limp. 
“Destroying the brain seems to be the only way to actually kill them,” Jim stated.
 “Yeah, I remember Lucy’s brother,” Lee said.
 “Ok, spread out. Be careful. Let’s get rid of the few that are still alive.” Lee did as he was told. He stooped to the next one and used his knife. Once again, stabbing it in the head. One by one, he and his father killed the things.
“You think we should drag them to the side?” Lee asked. Jim thought for a few moments, then nodded. He looked around. To his right were some fallen trees. He motioned to Lee. 
“Over there!” Lee followed his father’s gaze. Lee grabbed the first thing and dragged it to the trees. They piled them up. In total, they piled up eight of the things.
Now, Jim knew why they found all the bodies with holes in the heads. He didn’t feel safe setting fire to the bodies but thought of burying them. Lee walked over to his father. Jim stood looking at the pile. He didn’t understand anything about what he has been seeing. None of it made any sense. He turned to his son and wrapped his arms around him. “I love you very much, and you are right. We can’t put off getting the supplies. I don’t really think these things are much of a threat unless you get over ran. If you follow the road like we did when we came back, you shouldn’t have any problems. I’ll join you and Lucy later this evening after I rest. I think these things move mostly at night. We have only seen one walking since we came out.” Lee hugged his father back. 
 “Thanks for trusting me. I’ll make you proud!” Jim stood back. 
 “I know you will son. Now, let’s get back and tell your mother. She’s not going to be happy.” Lee grinned, for once he had his father’s approval. 
The walk back to the cave was a quick one. Lee couldn’t wait to get Lucy to herself and tell her what had happened. They would go to her farm. That meant some alone time. No watching eyes. No one to tell them what they could and couldn’t do. As they approached the door his mother was waiting. Sara stood beside her. 
“I was scared to death! You didn’t tell a soul where you were going.” Darla said angrily. Jim walked up to her. 
“Everything is fine. We were just checking to see if it was safe,” he told her. “We cleaned up the meadow. It seems the things have moved on. They just left behind their black blood and torn clothing.” Darla dashed back inside. She was highly infuriated. 
“Well, how much more can she get annoyed?” Jim said and shrugged his shoulders at Lee. Lee grinned and followed his father inside. 
As he entered, the smell of breakfast made his belly ache with hunger. He took a spot next to Sara who was wide-eyed. He piled his plate. He had helpings of scrambled eggs, bacon, and fresh biscuits. He reached for the butter. As everyone settled in, his father took his spot at the head of the table.
“Everyone, I’ve got a few things I need to tell you,” Jim began. “Firstly it seems the things have moved on. They left a mess in the woods. I would suggest that nobody goes out until the wind blows away the smell. Lee and I cleared the meadow. We killed about eight of the things and dragged them to a pile on the far end,” he paused and everyone listened attentively. “Now, the big news is that I was awake all night ensuring the door held, I feel so sleepy now, I could sleep here on my plate.” Sara giggled. He took a sip from his coffee. Darla walked over to the stove and covered some bread she had rising. 
“So, you’re not going today?” She beamed.
 “Unfortunately, I’m not going right now, but the kids are going ahead!” Jim answered. Darla dropped the cup of coffee she held. 
“If you think for one second….” She was cut off. 
“Sit down Darla, and listen to me,” Jim consoled. She did as she was told. She wasn’t used to him raising his voice or telling her what to do. “I know what you guys are thinking, and I thought the same thing. They are young. Too inexperienced. Lee saved my life last night. The things are slow. They only want one thing, and that’s to eat! We need those supplies. We need to get them back here before someone else finds them! We need those doors, before another herd, which could be larger than the last, comes through. We’ve worked hard on this place. It’s all we have. We have to protect it at all costs. Lee and Lucy will take one vehicle and go ahead. I will join them later this evening.” Having said that, he sat down and began to eat his breakfast. Darla watched him. He could feel her eyes burning a hole in his head, and he knew that as soon as they were by themselves he was in for a fight. 
“Jim,” She was once again cut off, this time by Earl. 
“I think Jim is right,” he said. “After what happened last night, we can’t afford to lose the supplies. He’s been up all night. Lee showed that he can handle himself. Let them go ahead.” Lee smiled at his grandfather. 
As they entered the kitchen and laid their backpacks on the table everyone gathered around. Jim came forward and handed Lee one of the radios. “If you run into any trouble, let us know. If everything is ok, keep silent until you get to the farm. Then, inform us.” Lee nodded and shook his father’s hand. Others hugged them one after the other. His mom took some extra time, but finally, let go and left crying. 
“Don’t worry, she’ll be ok,” His father said and opened the door. “Be careful son.” Lee and Lucy went out into the light. They heard the door close behind them. Now they were on their own.
They followed the trees until they came to the vehicle Lee and his dad left the previous evening. Lee got in and started it. Lucy climbed in the passenger side. He backed out into a wide spot and turned around. In seconds they were out into the meadow, following it just like they did last time they were on foot. They passed the pile of dead things. The stench on this warm fall day was very overwhelming, causing them both to cover their noses and mouths. Lee followed the tree line. It wasn’t much further to the road. They saw several things stuck on some old fencing. The things started smacking their teeth when they saw them. They were silent and kept a keen eye on the tree line. They were vulnerable until they were in the clear. 
After some twenty minutes, they came to the road. Now came the long stretch to the farm, but they could see both sides now. They felt a little safer. “What do you think we should get first?” Lucy asked. He thought for a few moments before speaking. 
“We’ll get the doors first, and everything we need to install them.” She didn’t say anything back. She reached over and rested her hand on his leg. He grinned. They rumbled on.
 Shortly, they could see the first barn. In another fifteen minutes, they would be there. Lucy reached into her pocket and pulled out the remote. They would need it to get inside the cellar. She had lowered the security door and activated the system when they last visited.
As they moved closer, they heard a high pitch moaning. Lee slowed the vehicle to almost a crawl. He looked at Lucy. “Be ready to open the cellar and run if we have to.” he told her. She nodded. As he pulled into the farm, they saw several things lying around. They were just like the ones he and his father had killed earlier this morning. All looked trampled. Lee pulled up to the cellar while watching the things, they smacked their jaws over and over.
Lucy opened the security door and entered the cellar. “I think we should take care of those things before we get started.” she said.
 “Ok, close the door. Let’s get some weapons.” He replied. He closed and latched the door. He followed Lucy to the back of the cellar and into the room where the guns, bows, and other weapons lined the walls. They took some last time they were here, but it hadn’t put a dent in the remaining. Lucy picked up a small crossbow and some arrows. Lee did the same. They walked back to the front entrance, both holding their bows. Lucy stopped and looked at the monitor to make sure the outside was clear. She saw one of the things standing to the left of the door. 
She yelled, “Lee stop!” He turned and looked at her. “There’s one of those things right outside of the door,” she said.
“What are we supposed to do? We need to get out there.” Lee said. she backed off.
“Let’s take the tunnel to the house. Then, we’ll come around behind it.” she said. Lee nodded and turned around to follow her. 
When they reached the back of the cellar she walked up to the panel and pushed the buttons to open the door. The tunnel automatically lit up. “I’ll go first.” said Lee. He stepped in front of her and began to walk. The tunnel was eerie. 
“Wait, maybe I should close the outside door.” Lucy said.
“Might be a good idea.” Lee agreed. Lucy removed the remote and pressed the button. They heard the loud cling as it sealed them in. They pressed on. A few moments later they arrived at a door in the house basement just like before. He stepped to the side as she came forward and pressed in the code. She said it out loud. 
“6786542387, can you remember that?” Lee nodded. The door opened. They listened, but all was quiet. They entered the basement, Lucy turned and locked the door, and climbed the stairs. 
Everything upstairs was the same. Nothing had been bothered. Lee was really surprised that no one had come here yet. He also wondered if the people in town were still there. Maybe they had all become one of those things. He turned around and looked at Lucy. “What’s the best route?” he asked. 
“Just follow me.” she said. Reluctantly, he nodded. She knew this farm. He fell to the back and followed her. She went to the kitchen and looked through the windows to make sure it was clear outside before opening the door. Lee stepped forward. “I’ll open the door. If it’s clear, you follow me.” She pushed herself forward and gave him a kiss. 
“As soon as we’re done with these things, were going to come back in here. There’s something I want to get upstairs.” she said. Lee nodded. He grinned as wide as he could. She must have noticed this time. She too lit up. Lee slowly opened the door. 
They stepped out into the air. It was around noon, and pretty warm. He looked all around and saw the ugly things laying on the ground. He went out into the yard. Lucy came up behind him. “Get ready!” he said. Both of them set the crossbows. They stepped out onto the sidewalk. Lee turned around and closed the door. He and Lucy went around the side of the house. They came to a crosswalk, and she took the side path. Lee figured this was beside the cellar. 
As they approached the entrance, he heard a familiar moan and smacking. One of the things was right around the corner. He grabbed Lucy by the arm. “Let me go first.” He stepped around her. 
As he moved close to the corner he pressed his body up against the building. He slowly peeked around the corner. The thing was still standing there smacking into the metal door. He could hear the sizzling from the security system. He could also smell the burning flesh. “Stay here.” Lee stepped out to the side and made a dash. The thing didn’t see him. He went out far enough so he could come up behind it. As he did, the thing turned around all of a sudden. He was face to face with it. He took a few steps back. He turned to see the closest thing. He still had a few feet to backup. As it moved forward, away from the door, he saw Lucy come from around the corner. She walked up behind it. She had her knife drawn. She walked up close to it and raised her knife. She jammed the blade into its head. When she did, the thing hit the ground. 
“They are pretty much falling apart” she said. Lee walked over to her and looked at the body. He took his boot and flipped it over. He gasped. 
“Do you know her?” Lucy asked. Lee dropped to his knees. He couldn’t believe it. It was one of his friends from school. He had sat many times and ate lunch with her. He had known her since second grade. He looked over at Lucy and nodded. 
“She went to school with me. I use to sit with her and her boyfriend at lunch.” Lucy came up and hugged him. 
“We’ll bury her.” She suggested. Lee shook his head. 
“There’s no time,” he responded. “We need to get rid of these things and get to work.” He stood back up, and walked over to the nearest thing and stuck his knife in its head.
They spent the next hour killing and dragging the things to the back of the barn. They recognized many more of the things. “I need to call home, they must be worried,” said Lee. Lucy took him by the hand and led him back to the cellar. She pulled out the remote and the security door went up. As they entered, he pulled out the walkie talkie and watched as Lucy closed the door behind them. 
“Dad, are you there?” He waited. A few moments later the walkie talkie crackled. 
“Lee, are you ok?” It was his dad’s voice. 
“Yes, Dad we are fine,” he answered. Once again the walkie talkie crackled. 
“Did you have any problems?” His dad’s voice faded. 
“No, everything is fine. We cleared away about ten of those things from the yard, but we got rid of them. The farm looks clear now,” Lee answered. 
“Good, be careful. I’ll let you know when I leave here.” 
“Ok, Dad. Please be careful.” the radio went silent. 
“Well, it’s going to be awhile before he gets here,” He told Lucy. “Let’s go ahead and get the stuff for the doors, then we’ll go back into the house to get whatever you want.” Lucy nodded and led the way. She walked to the back and veered to the right. She reached out to the wall and flipped a switch. The lights glowed. There, on the left side, were layers of metal sheeting, and beside that, was railing. Lee wasn’t sure how it all worked. By the sizes, he figured four sheets for the two entrances. He bent down to grab one. They were really heavy. Lucy walked over and grabbed some on the railing. 
“I think I’ll leave the heavy stuff to you,” She grabbed several boxes and followed him to the front. 
“What’s in those?” he asked.
“These have the welding thingy’s in them. It will secure the panels to the railing, and the railing to the rock. This box has an electronic motor in it. The motor and programming computer are also in this box.” He didn’t know what to think. He was glad she knew what this stuff was. He sure didn’t. She walked back to the back while he was making sure he had gotten enough metal sheets. 
When Lucy returned she had another box, but this time, it was flat and contained a roll. “This is the piping I told your dad about. It could be used for gas.” Lee nodded. “How many stoves do you think we’ll need?” she asked. He shrugged. 
 “I’m guessing maybe two or three,” he answered. 
A few moments later she returned carrying a small box. She opened the flap and pulled out a small heater. “I think we might need something a little bigger,” He commented, looking at the small heater. Lucy could only smile. 
“You really think so? You should never judge my daddy’s inventions by their appearance!” She pointed at one of the devices already mounted on the far wall. She motioned for him to follow her. She had him stand right in front of it. She then went around him and turned it on. Lee immediately backed away. 
 “Ok, let’s take three!” he said. She giggled and turned it off. “I think we have all the equipment, but the hot water heaters,” Lee said. Lucy turned and walked a few shelves down. She pointed at the top shelf. 
“That’s them up there. I’d get all that we have room for. Dad never got a chance to perfect them, but they last close to a month.” He stretched as far up as he could. There was a total of ten of the devices. He grabbed a few at a time and handed them to Lucy. She stacked them up with the other stuff.
 “Well, I think we have everything. We’ll wait for Dad and then pack some more food. Where’s the other vehicle?” she pointed at the door. 
“It’s outside, in the barn,” she said. 
“Well, let’s check it out.” She walked to the front door and checked the security camera. It looked clear. She pulled the remote from her pocket and opened the door. Once again, they were looking out into the fall sun. 
Lee came up beside her. “I’ll follow you,” he said. She took off. He stood watching her go. She didn’t even grab his hand. Then, he realized the door was closing. He ran out as it slammed shut. By the time he caught up with her, she was almost at the barn. This building wasn’t familiar to him. He had never been on the inside. He walked up to her as she took out the remote and pushed a button. 
“You are the only stranger to EVER enter this building.” Lee felt a bit honored, but wondered why her father had all the security. Sure she had said he was a doomsday prepper, but this seemed a little over the top to him. As the door climbed, he figured he’d ask. He had to admit. There were some awesome inventions on this farm. 
“Can I ask you a question?” She turned and looked at him. “Why did your father have so much security? Did he work for the government or something?” She turned around as the door finally opened. 
“Not the government. Dad worked for an intelligence agency that was building fallout shelters. He invented things for them. If the president is still alive, it’s because of my dad.” She reached over and turned on the lights. As the room lit up, Lee gasped. There before him was a vehicle that doubled the size of the other two. It didn’t have regular wheels like the others. It had tracks. Lee figured it might be usable in the snow and mud. “I’m not sure if it runs. I know he finished the electronic parts, but he never got to fine tune it.” He stepped up into the vehicle and hit the switch. To his surprise, it did start. He pushed the lever forward and it sat still. After a few seconds, it lurched forward and out the door. Lee noticed that the power indicator was almost empty. 
“It needs to be charged. Probably won’t be ready until tomorrow,” he said. Lee drove the vehicle to the cellar entrance. He parked the new vehicle to the side. “Let’s take the other one in.” Lucy stood and shuffled her feet as he went to get it. She opened the door. 
Once inside, she shut the door. “Now what?” He knew she was getting aggravated. They had done nothing but work since they got here. She had stated several times that she wanted to go back into the house to show him something. 
“I’m going to call Dad and let them know what we’ve done then we’ll rest, and find something to eat, and you can show me what you have been waiting to show me.” Finally, she grinned. “Dad are you there?” He waited. This time, it wasn’t his dad’s voice. 
“Lee, is that you? Are you ok?” It was his mother. 
“Hi, mom. Yes, we’re both fine. Where’s Dad?” 
“He’s still sleeping, son. I don’t think he’s coming today. Is there a safe place there to stay?” Lee looked over at Lucy who was shaking her head yes. “Lucy says yes mom. We’ll be fine. You’ll be glad to hear that we have all of the gas and water stuff ready to bring home. As soon as Dad gets here tomorrow we’ll have hot running water.” There was a silence. 
“Your grandma is clapping her hands.” Lee let out a little laugh. 
“Well, we’re going back to the main house. We’ll see you tomorrow. I’ll call again before we go to bed.” 
 “Ok, Lee. Be safe. Take care of Lucy.” the walkie talkie went quiet. Lucy walked over and took him by the hand. 
“I have one more thing to show you before we go to the house.” He followed her to the back. There against the wall sat three big freezers. All were running. She walked up to the middle one and opened the lid. “Look!” He walked up and looked inside. 
“Holy crap! You have to be kidding me!” he exclaimed. There sat a freezer full of meat, and on top were two of the biggest turkeys he’d ever seen. 
“Dad bought them last month. We usually have some of his work buddies here for dinner.” He grabbed Lucy and kissed her deeply. When he broke away he was a little embarrassed. He had become a little over-excited, and he was sure Lucy noticed. 
“Grandma will be so happy!” 
“As happy as you are?” she asked. She took him by the hand and headed for the back door. He had never felt this way about anyone. He had promised his father and mother that he wouldn’t let this relationship go too far. He knew what his father meant by in heat of the moment. 
As they reached the back of the cellar, Lucy typed in the security code and the door opened. Once again they were in the tunnel. The light came on. Lee walked in front of her as she closed the door. He continued walking until he came to the basement door. This time, he reached up and punched in the code. The door opened. Lucy came up to him and took his hand. The door shut behind them. He followed her up the stairs and into the kitchen. It was good to be back in a real house. The light flooded the room. Lucy walked over to the refrigerator and looked inside. “Want a sandwich?” she asked. He walked up to her. He was surprised to see it still working. 
“Not really!” He grabbed her by the waist and kissed her deeply. 
“Well if you’re not hungry, why don’t we go upstairs? There’s something I want to show you.” She turned and raced off. He ran up the stairs and into the bedroom.
Chapter Five
Morning light came through the windows. Lee turned over. Next to him laid Lucy. He felt guilty. He had promised his parents things wouldn’t go this far. He looked at her laying there asleep. He closed his eyes and thought about last night. It was the best night of his life. He had never thought it could feel so good to be with a woman. His friends had always talked about it, but he had held out. He’d waited for the love of his life, and here she was.
Lee quietly threw back the covers. This had been Lucy’s parents’ room. He marveled at its elegance. He found his pants on the floor at the foot of the bed. He pulled them on. He grabbed his shirt and socks and headed out the door. 
He descended the stairs and went into the kitchen. “Well?” There sitting at the table was his father. He walked over to the table and pulled out a chair and sat down. His father watched him pull on his shirt and then his socks. He looked up at his father. He didn’t know what to say. Although he felt guilty, he did not regret sleeping with Lucy. They were both the same age, and they both loved each other. Lee slipped on his shoes. 
“I’m not going to apologize for what happened. I know you trusted us, but I’m not sorry.” With that, he stood up. His father put his hand on his shoulder. 
“Let’s take a walk!” he said. Lee opened the kitchen door and went outside. It was still early. They walked to the cellar. Lee reached into his pocket and pulled out the remote. His father watched as he pushed the button, and the door went up. They both stepped inside. 
Lee walked pass the pile of goods and pressed the button to close the door. He figured his father was about to give him one of his hour lectures. Lee was surprised when his father walked up to him and gave him a hug. He then backed off and held out his hand. Lee reached out and shook it. “I’m not going to preach to you about right and wrong. I’m not going to tell you you’re wrong. The love between a man and woman is the most sacred love there is, and the only love greater than that is the love a parent has for his own children.” Lee stood and thought about his father’s words. “I love you, Lee!” Lee looked up at his father. He didn’t know what to say. He felt like he had let him down. 
 “I’m sorry I let you down. I didn’t want to listen to what you and Mom were saying. I don’t regret what happened. Lucy and I love one another, and she wanted this as much as I did.” With that, he felt a hand grab his own. He looked to his right and saw Lucy standing there. She was the most beautiful girl he’d ever seen. Jim walked up to them and took them by the hand. He looked right at Lucy. 
“I’m glad he has you!”  He turned and walked off. 
Lee watched his father stop by the pile of goods. “So is this everything?” Jim asked.
“It’s everything except the food we want to take, Lucy has a surprise.” Lee said. She motioned for him to follow. They walked towards the freezers. She went straight to the one in the middle and opened it. Jim came closer, so he could see clearly. 
“Well, I guess we have everything we need for Thanksgiving dinner,” he said. Lee turned to his dad. 
“I want you to marry us!” Jim looked at Lee, then at Lucy. 
“Is that what you want my dear?” She shook her head yes. “Then, so be it. Let’s start packing up these supplies, and get home,” he said. “Wait just a minute.” Both of them stopped and turned to look at Jim. What are these freezers running on?” Lucy went around Jim and pointed to a huge box sitting in the corner. 
“The same as everything else!” she said. 
“Well, I’ll be,” he said amazed. “Maybe we’ll come back and get it on the next trip?” Jim walked around them and back to the main door. Lucy pushed the button, and the door opened. They all carried the items into the three vehicles. Jim was amazed at the size of the third vehicle. It took less than two hours to pack everything. There was still enough space in the new vehicle. Jim turned to Lucy. “Is there a spare tub somewhere?” he asked.
 “I think there’s one in the barn over there!” She said, pointing. Its doors were open. Jim started across the way. 
“Bring the vehicle son.” Lee nodded. He and Lucy jumped into the vehicle. It whirled alive when he started it. He pushed the pedal down and it went backwards. He turned it around and followed his father. As they got closer, they could see some movement on the inside. His father stopped and pointed. Lee stopped the vehicle and motioned for Lucy to take over. She climbed over to the driver’s side of the vehicle. 
“If there’s a bunch of them in there, ram into them. That should give us enough time to take cover,” Lee said.
“Ok,” she stated. Lee joined his father and handed him a crossbow. As they got closer, the things met them at the front door, snapping their jaws just like the others. 
Jim noticed they seemed to stop at the door, before moving under the sun. Then he got an idea. One after the other, the ugly things came into the open. They seemed very saggy. Jim figured the sun had an effect on the decaying bodies. Lucy kept a distance behind them. Jim and Lee backed up and started firing.  The things hit the ground as the arrows hit their foreheads. There were still a few coming, Jim raised his hand and gave an order. “Let’s capture a few and tie them up under the sun. Let’s observe what happens to them.”
 “Your nuts,” Lee said smiling. Jim walked over to one of the closest things and kicked its leg from the side. A loud snap sounded. It hit the ground, but still snapped its jaws at him and dragged itself closer. Jim then walked up to it and stomped its arm. He continued with the last two limbs until the thing just laid there. It didn’t seem to be in pain. It kept snapping its jaws at him. Lee did the same thing as his father had done to the other thing. Lucy joined them. 
“What are they?” she asked. 
“They seem to be zombies!” Lee and Lucy looked at Jim. Zombies? How could that be? What could re-animate the dead? 
“Maybe the blast had something to do with this? Some sort of attack on the US? Or worldwide?” Jim stood there thinking. “Let’s drag them over there. Let the sun do its job.” Lee grabbed the thing he had stomped on by the leg and dragged it to the side. 
“Well, let’s get to work!” Jim went into the barn. He saw ample supplies stacked in crates. All labelled as usual. He walked around looking at the labels. “Here,” he said. He pointed to a large crate. Lee walked up and looked. A new tub and shower. Jim continued walking around looking at the labels. Possibly there was something else they could use.  Just then, he heard more moaning. He immediately backed off. Lee and Lucy jumped back too. They stopped and waited, but there wasn’t anything else inside. Jim continued to walk to the back of the barn. There through the barn wood he saw a whole herd of the things. They were in the shadow of the back barn wall. They all immediately backed off. 
 “There must be a hundred of them!” Get back outside!” Jim yelled. The things started clawing the back wall. Jim heard the boards creak from the pressure. The three of them retreated. “Get back to the cellar!” going by Jim’s instruction, they moved back to the cellar. Jim jumped up into the vehicle and backed it away! Lucy opened the door. As it raised, she took Lee by the arm. 
“We can stop them from getting too close. The underground fence!” Jim heard her.
“Does it work?” he asked. She nodded to reply yes. 
“We must be inside before we activate it, or we’ll get blasted by it.” 
“Do you think it will work on these things?” Jim asked. 
“I’m not sure if it will bother them, but it won’t hurt to try!” She grabbed both Jim and Lee by the arm and pushed them back. As she did, they heard a huge crash and the things came rushing out of the barn. Lucy raised her wrist, which had the band she had shown them before. She pressed the front and it glowed a blue. Jim and Lee stepped back. A loud humming noise hurt their ears. Then, there was a loud crack, and dust flew upwards. 
The things came closer. As they got close to the boundary it zapped them. The things fell to the ground. They still moved, but it seemed to have an effect on them. “It’s frying their brains!” Lucy said. She walked over to where they were falling. She could smell the burnt flesh as the things continued to fall. 
Jim walked forward beside her. He gasped at the sight. The things seemed to bang off the fence. He reached out his hand. “I wouldn’t do that. Without one of these bands, you’ll get knocked back. It’s powerful. It might even kill you!” she said. Jim dropped his arm and continued to watch the things fall. He turned and looked at this son. 
“What are we doing living in that cave? There’s so much technology here to protect us. Why are we risking our lives coming here to take things, when this place is fully stocked for this kind of situation?” Lucy turned around and looked at him. 
“I told Lee a secret last evening,” she said. “Dad’s inventions are for a private sector of the military. What you are looking at is a type of force field. It’s been on the ground for about six months now for testing. It’s powerful, as you can see.” 
“But can it protect us indefinitely?” Jim asked. 
“I’m not sure. It seems to work well against these things. It would work just as well on regular people. If something were to happen, there’s always the cellar. Nothing is going to get in there!” Jim thought for a moment. He watched as the things fell having stepped on other things that had already been zapped. Black blood oozed out of their ears, eyes, and mouths. These inventions could protect them, and above all, there was shelter and possibly, they could have a normal life here. 
“I’m going to move us here. We’re not packing all this stuff to the cave when it’s already installed here. We’re wasting time. If things get tough, there’s the cellar. It’s equipped with everything we need. We’ll seal off the cave and leave it like it is.” He didn’t say anything else. He walked passed them and picked up a walkie talkie. “Anyone there?” He let off the button and waited. Finally, a voice came. 
“We’re here.” Jim recognized the voice. It was his father. 
“Dad, have everyone pack up their clothes and any food or supplies that won’t last. We’re going to move to the farm.” The walkie talkie was silent for a moment. 
“Is that a good idea son?” 
“Dad, this place is protected by military grade technology. There’s a cellar fully equipped with everything we would need if we run into trouble. No more dark and damp cave. We could be in a comfortable house, with running water. HOT WATER. This place is fully contained. I will be heading back within an hour. Tell everyone to be ready!” 
“Ok, son. If you think it’s best. We’ll be ready.” The walkie talkie went quiet. Jim turned and looked at the kids. 
“Where do we get those bands?” he asked. 
“Follow me!” Lucy walked back into the cellar. There was a room which housed many electronics. She opened a mid-size box, and inside there were about a dozen bands. She reached inside and took out enough for everyone. Jim and Lee pulled the bands onto their wrists. “Now, you can safely walk through the barrier.” Jim stuffed the others in his pocket. 
“We’ll take the two smaller vehicles back to the cave. We’ll board up, and block the entrances the best we can. If something goes bad here, at least we’ll have a place to go.” He turned to Lucy. “I want to see the controls for that barrier. I want to see its energy source.” She hesitated. 
“This way!” She walked to the other side and took the remote from her pocket. She pressed a button and a door opened. A secret passage. Jim looked at her. 
“Why is this hidden?” 
“It’s hidden because it’s top secret, and because of what powers it.” He pushed his way through the door. On the left side, there was a bright red glow. It was encased in a clear case. 
“Is this what powers it?” Lucy nodded. 
“It’s nuclear!” Jim backed away. 
“So this is what runs this place?” She nodded again. 
“That gives us unlimited power! The solar stuff also helps. Mainly, it’s used for the water, heating, and lights. Anything that doesn’t draw huge amounts of power. Dad’s system is fool proof.” Jim looked at Lee. Both turned to Lucy. 
“Is it safe?” She turned to Jim. 
“I’ve been here my whole life, and there’s nothing wrong with me. It’s contained in the case, plus this room is lined with lead. It keeps the radiation down.” Jim was deep in thought. He didn’t know what to think about all of this. He had known the Walkers for years. He never once suspected the old man worked for the government. 
“Ok, let’s get out of here.” They left the room. As they exited, Lucy once again pressed the button to seal the room. The wall swung back into place. There was no indication as to what was there. 
He looked around the cellar at the shelves lined with food, the working freezers full of meat, the supplies that lined the walls in here and in the barns, the house which was accessible from this very place, and the unlimited energy. How could he have been so foolish when they first found all this? The barrier around this place could protect his family for years. “Ok, I’ve made up my mind. Let’s go get everyone. We’re going to call this place home.” He walked over to Lucy. “That’s if it’s ok with you.” He looked her in the eyes. She hugged him. 
“Promise that I will always be part of your family, and it’s yours.” He nodded and looked at Lee. 
“I think you’re here to stay, young lady! You have my son’s heart. Let’s get the family moved in.” With that, he turned and walked to the entrance. 
Lucy closed all the doors with her remote. Jim stood looking at the dead things laying there at the boundary. There were still a few of them on top of the rest that still slowly snapped their jaws, but they were on the other side. Jim walked around the big pile. Lucy and Lee followed him. He walked to the far barn towards the things that had been in the sun. As he thought, they were still snapping their jaws, but the bodies were decaying much faster. They seemed to melt. Lee walked over to the first one and bent over. He jammed his knife into its head. His father did the same to the second one. He looked up at Lucy. “Just how big is this boundary? Show me.” 
“Follow me and we’ll walk around it.” Lee and Jim followed her. She started at the pile of things, then veered to the right like she was heading to the cellar. “If you look at the ground you can see the thin line where it’s buried.” Lee and Jim looked closely. She was right. They could see it. They continued to follow her. The barrier totally circled the main buildings. 
They were in front of the house when one of the things came walking towards them. Jim flared his arms, attracting its attention. It didn’t move very fast, but did speed up, and its jaw smacking was more frequent. Jim watched as it stretched out its arms and got closer. The jaw smacking got irritating. Finally, it got close enough to the barrier where it hit and was knocked back. The jaw smacking reduced and as he watched, he saw the black blood flow from its ears, mouth, and eyes. Jim figured the boundary fried its brains. It laid there blood oozing. 
 “How high does it go?” Lucy pointed at some tall poles. He shielded his eyes and looked up. The poles rose a good fifty foot or more. “What keeps someone from knocking them over?” She walked over to the one that was closest... She pointed to the ground. 
“The poles are mounted from within the boundary. Look at the top of the pole. There’s a grid on the top too, so they can’t climb over or jump down,” she said. Jim wasn’t surprised. This guy worked for the military. He was very concise and didn’t miss anything. The boundary seemed solid. 
“I think I’ve seen enough, let’s go.” They walked back to the vehicles.  They boarded and left. 
On their way home, they noticed few of the things laying along the road. Lee and Lucy looked wide eyed. The road was clear during yesterday’s trip. Jim didn’t seem worried. “I think they mostly come at night.” Lucy looked at Lee. 
“Yeah, I’m starting to think so too. Of course, we were too busy to look out!” Lee said. Lucy blushed. They haven't had time to talk about what had happened. She wasn’t sorry that it happened. She was actually glad it happened. She knew they didn’t do anything wrong. They were careful. She was a little embarrassed that Lee’s father had caught them, but it would soon be forgotten.
They bounced down the road. It must have been well after noon. The air was warm for this time of year. With Thanksgiving being next week, it was usually much cooler, and it was not unusual to have had snow showers by now. Lucy looked at Lee. He caught her looking. She placed her hand on his knee. “Are you sorry about last night?” she asked. Lee looked her direction. 
“How could I be sorry about that? I love you! I’m glad we shared the first time with each other. I want you to be my wife. Look at what you’re doing for my family. You have already provided us with so much, and now we’re going to move into your family’s home. I look forward to spending every night with you by my side!” He saw her grin. 
When they arrived at the cave, they parked the vehicles as close as they could. The back door was open, and items littered the opening. Crates of food they had taken from the Walkers and clothes. Jim approached the doorway. As he got close he saw Darla and his mom standing. “Darla!” She looked up at him. 
“Jim! Oh, thank God! What’s going on? Why are we moving?” 
“There’s plenty of time to explain everything in a while. Is this everything we are taking?” She nodded. “Ok, let’s get it packed into the vehicles. After we are packed we will have one final chat inside.” She yelled for the rest of them. Jim saw his mom, dad, and Sara appear in the doorway. He saw his mom and Sara shield their eyes as they moved out of the cave. They had only been out a few times. In a while, they all would be inside a beautiful home with windows. 
Everyone helped to pack the vehicles.  Lee and Lucy went off to pack their own things. Darla watched them close and detected something fishy. Jim caught her watching. He walked to her, took her by the hand and whispered. “They are in love. Let’s leave them be. They have made a choice.” He saw the worry in her eyes. “We were younger when we first got together.” She looked into his eyes and gave him a kiss.
 “I won’t say anything, but I think it’s a mistake.” 
 He looked around. Everyone had gone inside. As they entered the cave, Jim closed the door. Everyone was sitting around the table, except for Lee and Lucy. He walked over and sat on a couch. He looked at his family. He could tell they were worried. They didn’t have to say it. He could see it on their faces. 
Finally, his mom started “Why are we moving now? What’s changed?” Jim looked at her and responded. 
“Well, many things have changed.  You remember how those things tried getting in here the night before? Well, that can’t happen at the Walker farm. It seems Mr. Walker wasn’t the person we thought he was.” Lucy and Lee joined. “Lucy’s dad worked for a branch of the military where he created things, and he used his inventions to protect his home. As you know, there’s a huge cellar with shelves full of food. Lucy showed me freezers filled with frozen meat, and Mom, there are turkeys!” His mom’s face lit up. “But the most important thing about the Walker’s farm is that it’s protected by a fence type device that’s buried, and raised to about fifty feet or more into the air. This conceals the house and cellar from the outside. Anything that touches the boundary without one of these,” he held up his wrist and showed them the black band, “gets fried. It can protect us, and best of all, we don’t have to live in a hole! The Walker’s home is magnificent, and Lucy has agreed to let us live there.” Everyone looked at her. She felt blood running through her face as she blushed. “Now I’m not forcing anyone to go. If you would rather stay here, then that’s your choice, but I know we will be better off at the farm. So I say, let’s grab anything else we want to take, and head out. We will board up the front entrance from within, and the back entrance after we’re done. We’ll also shove as much brush as we can to block both entrances to make it harder to find.” Everyone sat, quietly thinking about what they had just heard.
Jim dipped his hand into his pocket and pulled out the four bands. Sara pushed her chair out and came up to her dad. “Can I have my own room?” Jim shook his head yes. She grabbed a band and slipped it on. His parents reached out and took theirs. He looked at Darla. She sat with her head down. 
“We’ve worked so hard here. We’ve made a home here. A safe home,” she said quietly. Jim reached out and took her hands. 
“Yes, we’ve worked hard to make this place a safe home, but is it a home? It’s more like a tomb. Mom and Sara have been outside but a few times. At the farm, we can be out in the open, and Sara can play outside. A real home with running hot water, a fridge, and technology to protect us. We should have moved there from the start, but I didn’t understand how protected the farm actually was. I watched, as more than twenty of those things tried to get us, they fell to the ground harmless.” Darla looked up at him. 
“I trust you. If this is what you want, I’ll go with you.” She reached out and took the band and slipped it on her wrist. 
“Now, it’s important that you don’t try to cross the boundary without these bands. If you do you’re going to be sorry. That is if it doesn’t kill you. If we’re ready let’s get going. It seems these things travel mostly at night. They don’t like the sun much.” Jim looked at his watch. It was almost three thirty. They would make it back in plenty of time to get unpacked.
 Everyone got up and pushed their chairs back in. “Guys, let’s get to work. Ladies look around, and see if there’s anything else we’ll need, and pack it. There’s still time. We wouldn’t want to leave behind anything important, especially, food that can go bad.” 
The ladies went one way, the guys the other. Jim, his father, and Lee worked on the front entrance first. They first boarded the door up so it couldn’t open. Then, they pushed the couch in front of it. 
The ladies were waiting at the back door. Jim opened the door and went out. The sun felt so good on his face. He led the ladies to the vehicles. “Go ahead and pack your stuff. We’ll block the back entrance and be right back. The ladies nodded and boarded the vehicles. Jim and his father boarded up the back entrance. Lee came with some dried brush they had cut when they first arrived. They shoved the entrance full. It might not fool anyone as close as they were, but it was hard to see from a distance. They did the same to the front entrance. After taking an hour to conceal what had been their home the last few months, they were ready to head to their new home. A new start. A life of light, and freedom to move about. Jim looked at his family as they climbed up into the vehicles. He couldn’t help but think about the future.
Jim waited until Lee was backed out into the meadow. He backed his way out too and sped off leading the way. Lee followed his father. Lee looked at his grandmother. Her hands were shaking. He reached over and laid his hand on hers. She looked at him. “We’ll be ok. I promise it’s safe.” She just nodded. He left his hand on hers while they rumbled along. She watched as they went. When they reached the road, Jim stopped. Lee yelled “What’s wrong? We’re almost there!” Jim pointed at the thing in front of his vehicle. Lee heard his mom gasping. 
“It’s about time you two see what’s out there,” he said. His grandma looked terrified, but climbed out of their vehicle and walked up beside the other. She looked at the thing lying in the road. She quickly put her hand over her nose and mouth. The stench was horrible. The skin was hanging. It smacked its jaws over and over. “This is what’s out there hiding. I don’t know exactly what they are, but the ones caught out in the sun seem to melt.” 
“Why is it smacking its jaws like that? Isn’t it human?” asked Darla 
“It’s looking for food, it wants to eat, us to be exact,” Lee chuckled. “I do think they are human. We don’t know what’s animated them. There’s only one sure way to kill them.” Jim walked up to the thing. He looked up. He saw the fear in everyone’s faces. He pulled his knife from his belt and stabbed it in the head. The thing went quiet. Jim saw his mom cover her eyes. He walked over to her. 
“Mom, it’s dead. We’ll be safe in a while. We’re but a few miles away. He led her back to the vehicle. He helped her climb back into it and then got in on his own. Once again, they sped off. 
Chapter Six
Jim and his family rolled onto Lucy’s farm. Jim watched Darla as she stepped out of the vehicle and kept a keen gaze at the place. He looked back at Lee and others. His parents moved close to where Darla was standing. Lucy went up the steps turned around and faced them.
In an exciting mood, she spoke: “I want to thank you for taking me in, use this farm as your own, as it has been mine the last seventeen years.” Darla went up the stairs and embraced her. As Lucy opened the door, Darla and Sara were the first to enter, followed by Ruth and Earl. Darla wandered through the first floor. She stopped and marveled at the kitchen. Ruth joined her in the process, she grabbed the sink and sank to her knees Darla followed suit. Jim watched as the two cried while hugging one another. In that moment, he knew he had made the right decision to move them here.  Sara moved towards Jim, grabbed his waist while He picked her up.
“Welcome, home baby. enjoy the sun.” He said, as he put her down and took her by the hand. “Everyone come on. There's more to see.” Jim led everyone out towards the cellar. He looked at Lucy and nodded. She pulled out the remote and pushed the button. The door lifted and he led everyone in. He stopped before the rows of shelves, turned around, looked at everyone “what’s for dinner?” He asked, meanwhile, Darla and his parents strolled down the rows of shelves. 
After some time, His mom came to him and asked: “Where’s that turkey?” Jim looked at Lucy, she immediately walked towards the room where the freezers are. Lucy opened the freezer in the middle. Ruth was dazed seeing how enormous the turkeys were. She reached into the freezer and picked the biggest. She glanced at Lucy and smiled. 
“We need to get this into the refrigerator so it will be unthawed by next week. Does the fridge in the house work?” 
“Yes, Mom. Everything here works!” Jim replied. She turned and looked at Darla. 
“I think we’ll come back and do some shopping.”
“Ok, let’s go. Sara, are you coming?” They looked back. Sara still held her father’s hand. 
“I’d like to stay with Daddy,” she insisted 
“Wait a minute ladies”, Jim cut in. Turning to Lucy, He asked, “Why don’t you take them through the other way?” Lucy made some moves and then asked them to follow her.
She led them to the back of the cellar, entered some codes and the door opened. She led them through the tunnel.
“I can’t believe old Walker had all this. Did he really work for the government?” Earl kept asking as he strolled around. Jim replied with a nod. “This food could last years”, Earl remarked
“This isn’t the half of it. Almost all the rooms are loaded with stuff including the barns which are full of supplies too.” Jim added.
“How does this barrier thing work?” Earl asked again in curiosity. 
“Come and I’ll show you.” They walked out into the daylight. Jim led them to the pile of the things the barrier killed and everyone gasped. 
“It cooked their brains! So never go out without your band,” Jim cautioned. They all got a whiff of food cooking and turned to the house. Lee reached into his pocket and closed the cellar door. As they neared the house, a thing appeared from the road and instantaneously, they stopped 
“Watch this Grandpa!” Lee alerted. The thing came closer, smacked its jaws noisily as it approached and Earl started backing away “It can’t harm you, Grandpa.” 
“Well, I’m not taking any chances,” he replied as he backed up and watched. Then, the thing hit the barrier smacked it jaws against it and fell to the ground. Earl surprisingly saw black blood gushing out of its head, ears, and nose. He turned to Jim and Lee “So we’re really safe here?” They nodded. “Well, I’ll be damned! I wish I was a better friend to old Mr. Walker.” They turned and headed to the house.
When they entered the kitchen, all the ladies were there. Darla and Ruth were at the stove, while Lucy was mixing in a bowl at the counter. Sara joined Lucy at the counter. 
Darla moved towards her husband and gave him a kiss on his cheek 
“There’s hot water and showers! We already unloaded our bags upstairs. Ours is the second room to the left and your bag is on the bed. Why don’t you three go and wash up? Dinner will be ready soon.” Then she looked at Jim. “I’m so happy honey! This place is amazing. Lucy has been telling us how all this works. We’re so lucky.” He kissed her on the forehead. 
“I’m glad.” He winked at his mother who was still at the stove stirring the content in the pot. He didn’t know what was cooking, but it sure made his stomach ache. 
“Lee, I put your belongings in the big bedroom at the end. I think it’s where you slept last night.” He nodded to his mom and went up the stairs. He couldn’t wait to get in the shower. It would be a GREAT treat. For the last few months, they had heated water on the old wood cooking stove and bathed from a bucket. 
Lee went to the bedroom where he and Lucy spent the night together. The bed had been made, and his bag rested on a chair. He opened his bag and took out some clothes. This room had its own bathroom. He walked in. In the corner was a Jacuzzi tub. “I thought maybe you and Lucy would be comfortable in here!” He turned to find his mom standing at the door. He sat on the toilet. He couldn’t look at her. He wondered who could have told her. It had to be his father. 
 “I bet you’re asking yourself how I knew, about last night.” He looked up. She didn’t look unhappy. She actually looked happy. He stood up and walked to her. 
“Who told you?” he asked.
“No one told me anything. I’ve watched how you two have acted since your night away, and then, when your grandmother and I made the bed, we found some personal things.” She pointed to the toilet. Lee walked over and glanced in. Once again he felt ashamed. Darla saw his expression. “I’m not mad at you Lee. I’m glad you found someone to love.” She took him by the shoulders and lifted his head so she could look him in the eyes. “I only ask that you be careful, and I want you to be happy! Are you happy?” Lee nodded. 
 “I’m so happy mom. Lucy fills the emptiness in me, I can’t really explain it but each time I’m with her, I feel so complete. I want to marry her!” Immediately, Darla let loose of her son and stood gazing at him. She dipped her hand into her pocket and pulled out a box. 
“This is one of the few things I saved. I want you to have it. It was my grandmother’s.” She handed the box to him. Lee opened it and gasped. It was an engagement ring.  “I plan on using that Jacuzzi!” she said. She turned and left the room. He saw her misty eyes. He stared at the ring. Things were coming together. He closed the bathroom door and stripped. He walked over to the shower and turned the knobs. Hot water, he stepped in and shut the doors.
The men took a good hour showering and shaving. Enjoying having hot water, and some modern convenience. While the hot water was nice, the toilet was even better. No bucket to empty. One after the other, they went downstairs to the kitchen. The ladies had the table set. “Great, you’re all done. Dinner is just about ready. Take a seat,” Darla said and they did.
 Jim picked up and looked at the plates. These fitted the decor as did everything else in here. Lee watched Lucy washing up a few dishes. She was so beautiful standing there. He knew he wanted to spend the rest of his life with her. They had shared something wonderful the night before, and he wanted to spend every moment making her happy. She dried her hands on the towel and turned. She saw him looking at her. She gave him a quick wink. 
The ladies placed the food in the middle of the table and sat down. Then Ruth spoke up. “We have a lot to be thankful for. Before we eat let’s say grace.” Everyone bowed their heads as she said grace. They all held hands. For the first time in months, they sat on a nice table, with good food, in a comfortable home. Even though they were still hiding, they weren’t living in a hole. And they could look out, through windows feeling the rays of the sun. When Ruth finished, they all dug in. Dinner was quiet. As they enjoyed their first meal in a new place, feeling secure and safe. 
Jim glanced over at the windows and saw it was getting dark. Then he heard the loud hum again. “Those things must be coming out. It’s getting dark.” Everyone stopped eating.
 “Will it keep them out?” Darla asked. Lucy replied sharply. 
 “Nothing is going to get through that barrier! We are safe.” Darla wasn’t sure if she understood how all of this worked. 
“What if the power goes out?” Jim looked at his wife. 
“It can’t go out. There is an endless supply of power here. Lucy’s dad was a magnificent man. He knew what he was doing. He didn’t think of just today. He thought of the future.” Darla relaxed. 
“Well, after dinner, I would love to have a look,” she said. “I want to see how this thing works. I want to see it in action!” Jim looked at her. He knew she wouldn’t like what she would see, but sooner or later she would see it. 
“I’m getting cold Daddy.” Sara said. 
“Well, if you put on some normal clothes little one,” Jim said. Lucy got up and walked over to the wall. She pressed and a panel opened. 
“The heating and AC controls are right here.” She pressed a few buttons, and they all felt the warm air coming from the vents. “There Sara. It will warm up in a few minutes.” They all continued eating. They took their time and enjoyed a quiet dinner. The hum became louder, but they didn’t let it ruin a good meal.  The things fell back one after the other as they came in contact with the barrier. 
Ruth got up and started gathering everyone’s dishes. She walked over to the sink and ran dish water. It was nice to have a working sink. She glanced out through the big window and let out a little squeal and everyone rushed over to look. There was a large number of things trying to get through. They watched as they fell one at a time
“Darla, you wanted to see how this barrier works? Come with me, and watch.” He took her by the hand. 
“Daddy I want to go too!” Sara called. Jim shook his head. 
“No, you stay in here and help Grandma clean up. We’ll be back soon.” She dropped her head. 
 “Hey, Sara. Come on, there’s a big TV in the living room.” Lucy pointed across the room. In the far cover was a huge 55” television. 
“Are there cartoons?” she asked 
“I’m sure we can find something!” Lucy took her by the hand and led her away. 
Jim led Darla out to the barrier. The things kept trying to get through but were melted down by the barrier. Darla watched closely, she covered her nose and mouth. 
“I’ve seen enough!” She turned and went back to the house but Jim, Lee, and Earl stood and watched as more kept coming. 
“Come on, let’s go inside.  We’ll clean up this mess tomorrow.”
Back inside, Darla and Ruth continued with the dishes and cleaning the kitchen. The large screen TV was on. Jim kicked off his boots by the door and went to see what they were watching. Jim sat down.
“What are you watching?” he asked. 
 “Cartoons, Daddy.” She stood up. Oh, pure joy. The chair was so soft and comfortable. Sara jumped on his lap and pulled the blanket over both of them. 
Earl followed Jim. He kicked off his boots and sat down in a chair across from them. Cartoons weren’t his favorite, but it was better than nothing.  Lee's eye searched for Lucy and suddenly saw her helping his mom and grandma in the kitchen. He winked at her as he removed his boots and went up the stairs 
He got to his room, looked at the bed and reflected on what happened the night before. It was the first time he made love to a woman. He dragged his bag closer and started folding scattered clothes on the bed. He saw a dresser in the opposite direction. He moved close and opened the drawer; there was clothing belonging to Lucy’s parents. Suddenly, he heard a voice behind him 
 “Just pull them out. We’ll store them in the basement. We might need them.” He turned around and saw Lucy at the doorway.  She moved to where Lee was, pulled out the drawer and tossed the clothes on the bed. As she did, Lee noticed tear droplets on her face. Lee held her hands. For few minutes, they were quiet. Lee didn’t know what to stay. She finally stopped crying. She went into the bathroom and brought out a basket. She folded her parents’ clothes. “Do you think your dad and mom could use some of these?” she asked.
 “I wouldn’t know but it won’t hurt to ask.” He took her by the hand and grabbed the basket with the other. They went down the stairs into the kitchen. His mom was still there cleaning up. 
“Darla, these are my parent’s clothes. Could you and Jim use any of them?” She turned and looked at Lucy. She walked over and took the basket. 
“Thank you so much. I’m sure we can get some use out of them.” She hugged Lucy.
“You can tell everyone else to pile up the clothes they find.” Lucy stated. “We’ll store them in the basement for now.” Darla nodded. Lee took her by the hand and led her out the door.
They saw many of the things hitting the barrier. There was a huge pile on the ground. She pulled out the remote from her pocket and pressed the button. The cellar door opened. They entered and she pressed the button again, to close it. She led him to the innermost part, to a room they found at the right side; this was the room they got the wristbands. 
“There should be more remotes in here.”
Lee took her hands into his own and said.  
“Thank, you for everything you have done for us” She kissed him.  She grabbed two remotes from the box and handed Lee one. 
“We’ll give the other one to your father. She walked around him and back into the main aisles. She walked to the other side and opened a cabinet. “Does anyone need anything?” Lee moved close and looked at the stock. The cabinet was full of the basic necessities. 
“I’m not sure! We’ll ask when we go back to the house.” She shut the cabinet and they walked to the back. Lucy punched in the code and the door opened. 
“I need to write these codes down for them too.” Lee took her by the hands. 
“Slow down. You will give them the codes and remotes when you are ready. This is still your home and your stuff. Thank you for sharing it with us, but it’s yours. We are just guests.” She looked at him. It was true. This place and everything here belongs to her. With her family all gone, this could last her years to come, but how selfish would that be? She couldn’t send them all back to that cave. No, she needed them, and they needed her. This place was now as much theirs as it was hers. She looked him in the eye. 
 “You’re wrong, this place is just as much yours as it is mine. I invited you and your family here, not as guests, but as a family. This place, and everything in this cellar belongs to all of us. When we get back to the house, I’ll give your parents the codes and a remote. Everyone should have free access to the property. This includes the power room. Your dad has the right to go in anytime he wants.” 
She turned away from him and walked through the tunnel. He closed the door and caught up with her. “Let’s wait until tomorrow before giving them the access. Not because you feel obligated.”  
“Your family have been very supportive and accepted me.  I don’t want to lose that trust.” He looked at her. He sensed he could not change her mind. 
“Can we at least wait until tomorrow?” he asked. She nodded in agreement 
“I’ll wait until tomorrow, and then I will give everyone full access!” They came to the basement door. Lucy typed in the code and the door opened. She stepped into the basement. Lee followed her up the stairs and into the house.
It was late in the evening. They could still hear the hum of the barrier; the things still made an attempt to get through. The kitchen door was open. As Lucy and Lee approached they saw Jim standing outside watching. He turned as they walked down the steps into the yard. “Are you sure the power will hold out?” he asked 
“The barrier will hold. It has unlimited power,” Lucy exclaimed. Jim turned to look at her.
“How is it unlimited when there isn’t any sun?” Jim asked, and Lucy stared at Lee.
“Dad, Lucy’s father was very intelligent.” Lee pointed at the things. “He designed amazing thing to protect his family.”
 “Well, until I understand how safe we are, I might be little cautious.”
“Sir, you don’t need to worry. I was going give you this tomorrow;” she showed him the remote. “But, you can have it now to help you feel safer!” Lucy walked towards the cellar, Jim followed but Lee stood. As Jim turned he saw Lee still standing still. 
“Well, are you coming?” he asked. Lee walked up. He really thought Lucy should keep the remotes and codes to herself. He was totally satisfied with her keeping control of their safety. Once again, Lee found himself at the entrance to the cellar. He watched as Lucy handed his father a remote of his own. 
“Here, I want you to have this. It will give you access to the cellar and power rooms.” She reached into her pocket and took out a piece of paper. “This is the code for the back, and basement doors.” Jim took the paper and looked at the code. 
“You don’t have to do this Lucy!” She broke him off. 
“Yes, I do. If something were to happen to me, all of this is lost. Now, you have total access!” She pushed the button and waited for the door to go up. As she walked into the cellar, Jim grabbed Lee’s arm and held him back. He waited for her to get to the back. 
“What’s going on? Why is she doing this so soon?” 
Lee shook his head. “I really don’t know. She said she wants us to have full access to the power room encase anything happens to her, so all of this wouldn’t be lost. Guess it makes some sense?”  He still felt that there was more to this. Finally, Lee and Jim joined her in the power room. They both stood back and looked at the room. They had never imagined they would be in such a room, or close to a nuclear reactor.
“Here, Jim. See how the power is fluctuating? It would have to drop ten times more before anything could pass through the barrier.” He looked at the meter. It was barely moving.
 “Hmm, that eases my mind a little. Maybe enough to get a good night’s sleep.” He looked at her. “Now, tell me why you feel the need to hand all of this over so soon?” She thought for a moment. 
 “I’ve already told you. More than one person needs access. What good would it be if I were to die like my family? Would it do you any good? You wouldn’t be able to use any of this.” She pointed to the racks of food.  He leaned in and hugged her. 
“I still think there’s more to it, but I thank you for thinking about my family. A family that you are now a part of. I’ll tell you what. We will only give the rest of the family access to the basement door. That way they can get in here and get supplies, and food when needed. I think that’s all the access they need for now.” Lucy thought for a moment. 
“No, Jim! What if there is trouble? What if the barrier goes down, and Darla or Sara needed to find an escape while those things aim for the house? Opening that door could be the thin line between life and death. I want everyone to have access.” Lucy cried bitterly. “Please, I don’t want to lose any of you. I don’t want to be alone!” She fell to her knees. Lee went down with her and wrapped her in a hug. 
“We’re not going anywhere. Don’t worry about us. We’ll not let down our guard, even in here!” she continued to cry. Jim now understood why she felt it was so important to give them access, and he knew she was right. Anything could happen. Everything could change in the blink of an eye. 
Jim turned and left, leaving Lee to deal with her. He figured if the relationship was going to last he needed to let them bond the way a man and woman needs to bond, to learn to trust one another. Jim now realized that Lee is becoming more knowledgeable in having an intense love for a lady. He knew what Lucy had done for his family was one of the most selfless acts a human could ever do, other than giving their life. 
 Finally, Lucy stopped crying. “Do you understand now? I want everyone to be able to save themselves. I don’t want to lose any of you. You’ve saved me. You’ve loved me. Now, let me do the same for you. Everything here is now yours too!” Lee nodded that he understood. He felt like a total ass for not realizing how she must have felt earlier. He pushed her into a breakdown. He didn’t feel sorry for wanting an explanation, he did feel sorry for her. He couldn’t imagine if things were reversed. He didn’t know if he would be so trusting. He did know that he loved this girl. She was now in his heart. He knew he didn’t want to lose her. He wanted to spend the rest of his life with her. He wanted to be with her every day for the rest of his life. In that moment, he truly realized he did really want to marry her. He wanted to have a family with this girl. He never wanted them to be apart. He would die for her if he had to. 
Lucy finally calmed down and stood up. “Where did your father go?” 
“He left a while ago. I think you got him.” Lee smiled at her. “He was touched by you. We have never been around someone like you before. I think that’s why I love you so much.” Lee reached into his pocket and pulled out the diamond ring his mother had given him. Lucy’s eyes got big. “My mom gave this to me, and she said I’d know when the time is right. I believe that time is now. You have shared all of this with total strangers. You have saved my life and that of my family. I would be honored if you would be my wife!” 
 She stood there looking into his eyes. She loved this man more than her own life. He had accepted her to his family. He had given himself to her in all the ways a man should. Even though they had known each other for just a short while, they shared a bond she had never felt before. She cared for Lee. She wanted to spend the rest of her life with him. Lee stood and waited. 
Finally, after what seemed like an eternity, she threw her arms around him and said yes. This had been one of the best days of his life. 
They were startled by sobbing from the doorway. They looked up and saw Jim and Darla standing there. Jim had a huge smile on his face. Darla sobbed as she rushed forward, and grabbed them both in a hug. “I’m so happy!” Lee looked at his father who nodded. He could see tears in his eyes too. 
He was a man now, he had a woman who loved him and a family who loved him too. Now, he would start a life with this girl. He would love her, and protect her, and the best thing, he would do so with everyone he loved. 
His mom let go of them. “Come on let’s get inside. It’s getting cold out here.” She took them by the hands and led them out. Lucy watched as Jim pulled out his remote and shut the doors. She knew that the place was now in the right hands if anything happens to her, the family would be protected.
Chapter Seven
Back inside, Lee’s grandparents were waiting in the kitchen. They rushed to them as they entered. “What’s wrong? Why is everyone crying? Are those things getting in?” Jim walked over to his mom. “Everything is ok. Those things aren’t getting in. Be patient!” Darla walked up to Ruth and took her hand and led her to a seat. Lee stood beside Lucy grinning from ear to ear.
“What’s going on?” Lee looked at his grandpa. He took Lucy by the hand and held it up. 
“We’re getting married!” Now Ruth understood why Darla had led her to a seat. She’d probably hit the floor! She was so startled. She stood up. 
“Are you pregnant? Lee, did you get her pregnant?” Jim rushed forward grinning. 
“No, Mom she isn’t pregnant.” 
“Then why are they getting married so soon? In my days, that’s the only reason we got married.” Jim just smiled at his mom and motioned for her to sit back down.
Lee stepped forward. “Grandma and Grandpa, I’m happy with Lucy. I want to be with her always. Please be happy for us!” Earl rushed forward and held out his hand. 
 “Congratulations son and thank you, Lucy, for making him happy!” Ruth remained where she was. She didn’t know what to think. These people must have lost their minds. Just last week they were telling them to take it slow, and to be careful, now they supported this? 
“I just don’t understand this,” she said. “One moment you tell them to be careful, take things slowly and use their heads, but now they want to get married and you guys support this? Well, I don’t.” She got up and stood in front of Lucy and Lee. “Lucy, I’m thankful for what you have done for my family, but I can’t support this. Not yet. I’m old and set in my ways. Don’t take it personally dear. Lee, I’m sorry.” With that, she turned and ran up the stairs. Everyone stared at them. 
“I’m sorry son, she’ll come around.” With that, his grandpa followed his wife. Jim patted Lee on the shoulder. 
“She’ll come around. You know how hard headed she can be. She is like your mother.” Jim grinned as Darla hit him on the shoulder. 
“He’s right Lucy. Don’t fret over Ruth. She’ll come around. Such a wonderful day! I think I’m going to turn in. Good night you two!” She hugged them and took Jim by the hand and led him upstairs. 
Lee and Lucy went toward their room, turning off the lights. Lee grabbed Lucy and held her close before going to bed. “I can’t wait to have you as my wife! I love you!” with that she took him by the hand and led him upstairs, into their room. “I think I want to shower before we go to bed. It’s been a long day,” Lee said. Lucy nodded. 
“I’ll join you.” They rummaged around and got some clothes. Lucy pointed to the Jacuzzi. “I’ve never been in one of those before.” She walked over to the Jacuzzi and turned on the water. She took a bottle off the shelf and dumped a good helping in the water. Lee could see the steam coming off it. She reached down and hit a button. Immediately water sprayed from the jets. 
She went back into the bedroom and shut the door. She did the same as she entered the bathroom. “Just in case!” She reached up and pulled Lee’s shirt off, and then her own. She saw the light go wild in his eyes. They had only been together once, but now he was her husband to be. She was going to celebrate their engagement by satisfying her man. She reached down and unbuckled his belt. He caught her hands. “Don’t you want to?” she asked. 
 He looked down at her. “I want to be with you so much right now, but I want to do it right. I want us to wait until our wedding night.” Lucy stood up. 
“After last night, you want to wait?” She reached in and turned off the water. “Did, I do something wrong? It’s your grandma huh?” Lee shook his head yes. 
“I want her to be part of this. I want her to see that I love you. I want her to accept you. I want her to be happy for us!” She sat on the edge of the tub. She unbuttoned her bra and pulled off her pants. 
“And that means we can’t be together?” She stood and pulled her undies off. Lee watched as they hit the floor. She walked over to Lee naked and finished unbuckling his pants. She smiled at him. “Join me?” She walked back to the Jacuzzi and climbed in. He watched her naked body sink in the hot water. She was right. They had already been together. He wanted her so much. His grandma would just have to deal with her problems. He knew she would come around. Lee pulled off his pants and socks and joined Lucy in the tub. 
The next morning, Lee was awoken by the pounding on his door. “Breakfast is ready. Get up, and unlock this door.” Lee turned over and sat on the side of the bed. He was still sleepy. Lucy had kept him up. He smiled as he remembered the night. He felt even more pleased today. She was totally his. He was so drawn to her. She knew how to push his buttons now. “Come on get up!” Lee pulled on his pants and unlocked the door. 
His father stood there. “What took you so long?” Jim looked at him half dressed. He didn’t have his pants zipped or buckled. He glanced over at Lucy laying on the bed still asleep. She was half naked. Lee saw his father’s gander, and turned and pulled the blanket over her. His father looked at him with something he never saw before. There was something in his eyes. Something that seemed proud. “Get dressed, just wait until you see outside.” Jim glanced at Lucy again and back to his son. He grinned and left. Lee closed the door and walked back over to the bed. He sat down and pulled on his socks and boots. Lucy roused. 
“Where are you going?” she murmured.
“I’m going to help Dad. Breakfast is ready.” She rolled away the blanket and showed her naked body to him. 
“You sure that’s what you want to do?” He got up and locked the door again and pulled off his boots. He had all day to help his father. He couldn’t just leave her there alone.
Once again there was a knock on the door. This time, they were up and dressed. Lucy walked over to the door and opened it. Darla stood there. “Are you two ever coming down?” 
 “We’ll be right down. Just making the bed.” She looked at the room. There were clothes everywhere. 
“I’ll get all of those clothes in a bit and tidy up. If we’re going to live like human beings, were not going to act like pigs.” Darla turned and walked off before they could say anything. Lee looked at Lucy and shook his head. 
“Don’t worry about it. We’ll clean up later. Let’s go and get some breakfast. I’m starving.” Lucy walked up to him and held out her hand. Lee smiled. She reached down and started to unbuckle his pants. “No, we can’t. Everyone is waiting.” She let her hands fall to her side. 
“You’re no fun!” 
“No fun? You kept me up all night, and tricked me back into bed. I need food!” she let out a little giggle and kissed him. 
“You can’t tell me you didn’t enjoy every…” 
“Lee!” His father once again stood at the door. This time, he looked a little embarrassed. Lucy still had her hands on his pants. 
“We’ll be right down Dad!” Jim turned and left. “Come on, did you see the look on his face?” 
“I sure did, he must have seen my hands on your pants.” She giggled and went out the door. He was going to have his hands full with her. He was ok with that, because if there was a moment today when he didn’t have a smile on his face, then he would be dead!
When he got to the bottom of the stairs he went into the kitchen. He could hear Sara and his grandpa in the living room watching TV. His mother was washing dishes, and his father sat quietly trying not to look up. Lucy went over to the sink. “Can I help?” Darla shook her head no. 
“Have a seat. We’ve already eaten, but I saved you some in the oven.” Lucy bounced happier than ever to sit beside Lee. 
“So what’s going on Dad?” Then he felt Lucy’s hand on his leg, and then it was moving further up. Then, their plates hit the table. She removed her hand and looked up. 
“You need to control yourself young lady, not at the breakfast table!” Darla stormed out of the room. Lee looked over at his father. He shook his head and went outside. 
“Oh my, what’s their problem?” Lucy asked. Lee turned to Lucy. 
“Listen, you need to calm down. We can’t be doing it every minute of the day, especially where my family is.” She looked at him.  
“I love you, and I want to be with you.” He leaned in and kissed her. 
 “I know, but let’s keep it private ok?” She finally nodded. Lee ate his breakfast, and went outside. 
He saw his father over by the vehicles. “I’m sorry about Lucy. She’s been a little wild.” Jim looked at his son. 
“Enjoy every minute of it son. I remember those days. Just be careful, and use your head. Don’t get carried away and not use protection.” Jim handed him a box. Lee took it and was somewhat embarrassed. “Don’t be embarrassed son, it' life. Just be safe and enjoy it!” He nodded and stuck the box in his pants pocket. 
“I think mom is pretty upset. I think she saw Lucy’s hands under the table.” 
“Don’t worry about your mom. She’ll be ok.” 
Jim walked over to the barrier. “Just look at them all. I think we’ll use the big vehicle. I saw a bucket over there. If we can get it on the front, it will make our lives much easier.” Lee agreed. 
“It won’t work!” They turned to see Lucy walking towards them. “There should be one for that in the barn over there. I’ll show you.” They walked with her to the same barn where she and Lee first got the big vehicle. Lee grabbed her by the arm, but it was too late. One of the things came from the shadows grabbed her, and pushed her to the ground. It smacked its jaws and tried to force itself close enough to get flesh. Jim ran up, and took his knife from his belt, and jammed it into its head. It immediately went limp. Lee pulled it off her and helped her up. She was covered in the black blood. 
“Come on. I’ll help you back into the house. You can take a shower and get that stuff off you.” she shook her head. 
“I’m fine. Let’s get the bucket on the vehicle. We just need to be more careful.” Lee frowned. He looked at his father. She went into the barn. 
“Feisty, and strong you got a good one son!” Jim grinned and walked past him. Lee couldn’t help but smile. His father had no idea how feisty she was, especially in the bedroom. Lee entered the barn. His father and Lucy were standing over a bucket. 
“Everything in here was made especially for the bigger vehicle.” The bucket lay on the ground. 
“I’ll go and pull in the vehicle. Lee, you and Lucy pull the bucket out the front.” Jim turned and walked away. She bent down and grabbed a side.  
“Well, are you going to help?” Lee bent down and grabbed it. 
“Well for heaven’s sakes Lucy. What happened to you?” Darla had come outside. Then, she saw the thing lying to the side. “That thing attacked you?” She nodded. 
“She’s real lucky we were with her. We need to make sure everyone who passes through the barrier has someone with them.” 
“Come with me dear. Let’s get you cleaned up!” Darla held out her hands. Hand in hand, his soon-to-be wife, and his mom walked to the house. His dad came rolling up in the big vehicle. He stopped right in front. 
“I think it will be easy to hook up.” Jim powered the vehicle off and got down. He and Lee looked over it. “Looks pretty simple. Just pull the pins on the side and the fork should come off. We’ll line the bucket up and put the pins back.” They pulled the pins. The fork did come off. They then aligned the holes and the bucket was attached. “Ah, nice work. Now let’s get rid of those things.  Where should we dump them?” They thought for a moment. 
“Let’s take them over the field far away from the road where we will can’t smell them.” They both agreed.
Back in the house, Darla helped Lucy take off the blood-soaked clothes. “I’m sorry, but I don’t think we can save these just too much blood.” Lucy nodded. 
“Just throw them out it will probably be safer.” She walked over to the dresser and got a change of clothes. “I’ll be right back!” Darla watched as she went to the bathroom. She bent down and tossed the clothes into a bag. As she did, a picture fell out. Darla picked it up. She knew this boy’s face from the pictures Lucy had at the cave. It was her brother. 
Lucy came out of the bathroom with her hair wrapped in a towel. She saw Darla looking at the picture. “That’s my brother.” 
“I’ve seen his picture in your room back at the cave. I’ve seen a few in the living room downstairs. I’m so sorry you lost him!” 
“Thank you, at least he’s at peace now, with Mom and Dad.” Lucy walked past Darla. “I should go back and help Lee and his dad.” 
“If you need someone to talk to, I’m always here! Don’t forget that!” Lucy went down the stairs. Darla heard the door shut behind her. Outside, she saw Jim and Lee scooping up the things. She continued to walk. They saw her coming and stopped. Lee rushed up to her. 
“We can get this. Stay inside and rest.” 
“I’m not staying inside, and I’m not tired. I want to help.” 
“Ok, then. Stay close.” Jim started the vehicle back up. They jumped up on the back and rode along. 
He drove almost back up to the road. At the top, he crossed and dumped the bodies on the other side. They flopped and rolled nearly to the bottom. The smell was so overwhelming.  Lee pointed. She looked to the distance, the things were coming out of the tree line. “They will be severely damaged by the time they get back to the farm,” Jim yelled. Lee and Lucy jumped on the back. 
As they got closer to the house, they saw Sara in front of the farm playing. The side garden was within the barrier’s boundaries. To the left, they saw a thing trying to get to her. Sara stood frozen yelling. Jim pushed the throttle down. He was going as fast as they could. Finally, they made it. He stopped the vehicle and ran to Sara. He picked her up. “Oh, darling. How long have you been out here by yourself? Where’s your mom and grandma?” 
“I don’t know Daddy. I asked mommy to come and play with me but she had a bag of smelly clothes to throw away, she said she would be right back, so I came out.” He took Sara inside and started to yell, no answer. Then his mom came to the top of the stairs. 
“Why are you yelling? What’s wrong?” Ruth asked.
“Have you seen Darla?” he asked.  
“Well, not for a while,” she replied.
“Crap, where is she?” Jim ran from room to room yelling her name. He ran to the basement. The tunnel door was open. He ran and, saw her in the cellar. Darla came running. 
“What in God’s name is wrong?” she asked. He grabbed her. 
“Woman, listen to me. Sara was outside in the garden, and if it wasn’t for the barrier she would be in its stomach by now. Never let her go out the house by herself. That goes for all of you. Do you hear me?” She started to cry. 
“I’m so sorry. I told her I’d be right back. I wanted to get rid of Lucy’s old clothes, and find something for lunch.” She knocked his hands off her, and threw down the stuff she had, and ran back through the tunnel. A few moments later he heard someone walking. He looked up to find Lee standing there. 
“I’m not sure if that helped us any,” he said. 
Jim looked up at him. “They have to learn that even though we have this barrier, they have to use some common sense. We are going to have a meeting at lunch. We have to make some rules. If not, then we’re still doomed. We could have lost your sister today. If she was a few feet closer that thing would have swallowed her.” 
He hit the ground. He had never felt such pain. He had risked everything to bring them here. To make a better life for them, but maybe he should have kept them in the cave. Maybe he should have stayed in that wet, damp place. At least there they showed some restraint. He stood and looked at his son. “We are going to mark the border of the barrier, and then we’re going to take their bands. It’s the only way to protect them. At least until they learn we aren’t completely safe here.” His father rushed past him. He had never seen him so mad. He realized that his mother took a big risk, and now they would all pay the price.
Everyone kept to themselves throughout the morning. Lee, Jim, and Lucy dumped more dead things. She showed them more equipment. They planned on expanding the barrier to include the biggest barn. They figured they could move most of the stuff from the other barn into one, and with the barrier, they wouldn’t have to worry about the things.
 Jim watched Lee and Lucy. He saw how they touched one another, and the way his son’s eyes looked when she got close. He heard the tone in Lee’s voice when they talked. He didn’t know if it was love, but they sure were enjoying each other. Lucy explained how they could expand the barrier. They went into the cellar and she pulled the plans. She showed them exactly what had to be done. She also stressed the dangers of adding more to the grid. It was powerful, and it would have to be shut down until everything was ready to be installed. This meant they had to install the wire, and it had to be ready to be attached to the grid. Jim didn’t know if it was worth it. She also stressed that the system might not come on. After all, it was experimental.
Jim took the plans to study. He wasn’t sure what they would do until he studied it. Maybe there was another way? 
Lunch time was approaching. He could already smell it being prepared. He looked toward the house. He didn’t see a soul. He knew they wouldn’t be happy at what he was going to do. He would tell them at lunch, and give them a choice. If they didn’t want to listen to him, they would give up their bands. The thought of losing any of them just tore through him. He thought bringing them here would be the best thing with winter coming. This place, like the cave, had its fails. The barrier protected them, but it also left them in the open. He stopped what he was doing and nodded to Lee. “Smells like lunch is almost ready. Let’s go and get cleaned up.” Lee and Lucy stopped what they were doing, and followed Jim to the house. 
 Darla and Ruth stood in the kitchen. Both turned and looked at them, but quickly turned back around. Jim knew Darla wouldn’t be happy. He didn’t figure his mother would take her side. He wouldn’t be surprised, though. She had always stayed neutral in their squabbles. He shrugged his shoulders and went up the stairs. 
Lee and Lucy followed. Lee held his finger to his lips. He knew she was about to ask. They went into their room. Their bed was made, and the room was straightened. Lee turned to Lucy. The look on her face told him everything. “We’re going to have to talk to your mom. This is our room. Our private space. I’d appreciate it if she’d leave it alone!” She stormed past him to the bathroom and shut the door. Great! He thought. Now they had two women unhappy. It was hard enough to deal with one. He left the room and walked to the bathroom down the hall. His dad was there washing up. 
“What’s wrong with her?” Jim asked.
“Guess Mom cleaned up the room!” 
“Oh, and your bride-to-be wants it left alone?” He nodded. 
“She said it’s our private place,” Jim smiled. 
“I’ll give you a little advice.” His father walked over and closed the door. “When your lady is mad like she is now, it makes for some good make-ups later. I bet if you would go and console her, she’ll put a smile on your face!” He looked surprised. Was his dad telling him how to get laid? His father just grinned a little. “What are you waiting for?” His father opened the door. “Go!” Lee did as he was told. 
He walked back into their room and shut and locked the door. He grabbed some clothes and went into the bathroom. She was sitting on the toilet with her head in her lap. She looked up at him. He slowly went over to her and bent down beside her. He didn’t say anything. He just took her in his arms. She slowly hugged him back. He stood up and walked over to the tub and started to fill it up. He reached and poured some of the bath salts she liked into the water. She walked over to him. He reached down and pulled off her shirt. She did the same to him. “You know its midday,” she said. “Are we going to do this?” He nodded. 
“We’re young. We can do whatever we want. This is our room. We’ll lock it when we leave!” She beamed at him. She leaned in and kissed him. Lee thought about his father. He would thank him later!
Lucy and Lee descended the stairs about an hour later. Everyone was sitting at the table not making a sound. He looked at his father. He saw the crooked grin on his face. He nodded to his father, and they took their seats. Lee looked around the table. Everyone was grim. Even his grandparents looked sad. Sara sat beside her dad. She kept her head down too. Jim cleared his throat. “Everyone, I think we need to talk about what happened this morning.” Everyone looked at him. 
“Yeah, go ahead and tell them how you grabbed me, and shook the daylights out of me!” Lee saw his father’s face go red. 
“Well honey, did you tell them why I shook you? Did you tell them you left Sara unattended, and she went outside by herself? Did you tell them that if it wasn’t for the barrier, she would be in one of those things’ stomach?” Everyone gasped. “That’s right everyone. I’m not the bad one here. All the years I’ve been married to you. I’ve never laid a hand on you. I didn’t hurt you today. I wanted to make my point. You were careless, and because of that our daughter could be dead.” Darla started to cry, and pushed back her chair. She ran up the stairs. Jim followed her. Lee smiled to himself and then tried to clear his mind. He didn’t want the thoughts of what was about to happen upstairs. 
Everyone finished lunch, and Lucy stayed behind to help Ruth clean up. Ruth wanted to go to the cellar and get some things for dinner. Lee and his grandfather went outside to finish cleaning up the things. His grandfather wrapped a handkerchief around his face to deflect the smell. Lee had smelled so much of it; it didn’t bother him much anymore. It didn’t take long for them to get the last load loaded. They started to dump when a gunshot rang out. 
 Lee looked over at his grandfather who was holding his shoulder. He hit the brakes and whipped the vehicle around. Who was shooting at them? They rushed back in the barrier. Another shot rang out. He heard bullets whizz by them. Lee stomped on the brakes. He ran to the other side of the vehicle and helped his grandfather down. They ran into the house. 
Jim met them at the door. “Who the heck is shooting?” Lee shook his head. Jim reached out and helped him carry his dad inside. Darla came into the room. She was all de-shelved. Lee looked at his dad. He just grinned and turned back to his father. Ruth and Lucy hurried up the stairs from the basement. 
“What’s going on?” Ruth screamed when she saw Earl laying there. All of a sudden, the kitchen windows shattered. Lucy turned and ran back down the stairs. Jim saw her go. 
“Go after her now!” Lee ran down the stairs. He followed the tunnel and looked frantically. He saw the door open to the power room. She was there pushing buttons. 
“What are you doing?” 
“I’m raising the power input of the barrier. We can stop the bullets at the barrier.” She reached up and turned the knob. Lee heard the rumble of the hum getting louder. She turned to the monitor. She saw what she wanted to. The bullets bounced back. She saw the people running back up the hill. She turned to Lee. “That should do it. Who were they, and why were they shooting?” He shook his head. 
“We didn’t see them.” He took her by the hand, but she wasn’t ready to go. She walked to the right and opened a drawer. She pulled out a small bag. “These will help with the noise.” She handed him a pair of what looked like ear plugs. He inserted them in his ears, and the loud hum disappeared. He nodded to her as she inserted her own. She took him by the hand and led him back into the tunnel. She locked the basement door. 
Upstairs, Jim and Ruth worked on his Earl. “How is he?” Jim looked up at Lee. 
“I think he will be fine. The bullet went straight through.” He bent down and looked at him. 
“I’m ok Lee, your grandmother knows what she’s doing!” Ruth looked at him. 
“He will be ok. He just needs some antibiotics, in case infection sets in.” 
“There are some in the cellar,” said Lucy “I’ll go get them.” Jim grabbed her arm. 
“No, we’ll get the meds later. We need to find out who did this and why. Will the barrier hold?” 
“Yes, it will hold. I turned the power level up. The bullets won’t come through it.” She handed the rest a pair of the earplugs. “These will block out the hum.” Everyone inserted them.
Chapter Eight
Lee and his father went out through the door. Gunshots fired, but they saw the barrier reflect the shots. They moved closer to the boundary to figure out where they were coming from. Lee pointed to the left. They saw a few people hunkered down in the bushes. 
Lucy came up behind them carrying two weapons which looked like guns. “Here, these will penetrate the barrier. They won’t kill them, but will shock on impact. They should disable them, like a stun gun.” They took the weapons. They marveled. Jim held the gun up, and waited. He saw his target. He pulled the trigger. He saw the barrier flicker as his bullet made its way through. He watched as the person fell forward, and twitched on the ground. Lee fired his shot at one of the others. Two more appeared, attempting to drag their fellow shooter back into the brush. Lee’s bullet found its target. The person fell forward over the other one. They saw the last two people turn and run. They disappeared down the ridge. Jim rushed forward. Lee followed. Lee turned and motioned for Lucy to stay put. 
“We’ll be right back!” He turned and followed his father. 
As they reached the two shooters, Jim reached down and flipped them facing up. He recognized this guy. It was old Josh Thompson from town. Lee did the same with the other one. He jumped back. He knew her too. It was Josh’s daughter, Susan. “What should we do with them?” He asked. Jim stood up. He saw the other two shooters running, but they soon found themselves in the company of a few things. 
“Let’s take them back. We’ll get some answers.” Jim pointed.  Lee looked and saw the other two fighting off the things.
They dragged the two shooters back into the barrier. Lucy was waiting on the inside with some rope and cuffs. They saw her with a long prod-like device. Jim took the rope and tied their hands and feet. “Let’s take them to the basement. It’s more secure, and they won’t see the inside, or our supplies.” Lee nodded and grabbed the lady by the feet. Lucy came up and grabbed her hands. The rest of the family watched as they carried them inside and down the steps to the basement. They tied them securely to the main floor beams. “Check their pockets, make sure they don’t have any more weapons or guns. Pull their shoes and socks off.” Lee did as his father instructed. “How long will they be out?” Jim looked at Lucy.
 “Shouldn’t be long.” 
 “Well, let’s go back upstairs. I’m sure we’ll hear from them when they wake up.” Everyone followed Jim up the stairs. His father was sitting at the table. 
“Are those the ones that shot me?” Jim nodded. “Why the heck are they in the house? You should have killed them.” 
“Dad, we don’t know what’s going on. Sure they could have come to us before they started shooting, but we might have done the same thing if our family was starving? Both of them looked thin, and we all know them. It’s Josh Thompson and his daughter!” Earl scoffed. 
“That old asshole has always been a pain. There’s no reasoning with him.” Earl got up and walked off. “It would be best to just kill them and get it over with. He won’t stop until he gets what he wants.” He disappeared at the top of the stairs. 
Darla turned and looked at Jim. “You’re not thinking about killing them?” He shook his head. 
 “No, I’m not. They are humans just like us, and they might have a good reason doing what they did.” 
“Hey, assholes get down here and untie us NOW!!!” Jim and Lee got to their feet. 
“Well Dad, he sure sounds like someone that will reason with us.” Lee followed his dad down the stairs to the basement. Josh was struggling, trying to get free. His daughter was just stirring. 
“Untie me now!” he demanded. Jim went around the pole and looked at him. 
 “You’re not going anywhere Mr. Thompson. You shot my dad. You will stay here as long as we see fit.” He tried to lurch forward. 
“If you hurt my daughter….” Jim cut him off. 
“Shut up! Dad said you were an asshole. You attacked us, and you’ll stay tied up until we see fit to turn you lose.” 
 “My family will be back, and there will be hell to pay!” 
“Well, let them come. I suggest they don’t get to close. Or they might get a surprise. You saw what happens.” He smiled at the old man. 
“Old man Walker’s technology won’t save you for long! Your luck will run out, and we’ll be here to take it!” Jim cracked him across the face, knocking him back out. 
“I told you, you couldn’t deal with him!” Jim looked up at his father. 
“We have to be a bit civilized, dad. We can’t go around just killing people.” 
“Well, look what he did to me! He would have killed us all if it wasn’t for all this barrier!” He turned and went back upstairs. Jim looked over at Susan. Maybe she would be more cooperative. He stood up and walked to her. 
“How are you?” She dropped her head. “Susan, look at me!” She raised her head and stared at him. “Why did you attack us like that?” She broke in tears. 
 “We didn’t mean to hurt anyone. My mom is sick. She’s been burning up with a fever for a few days now. One of those things bit her. She’s really sick. We thought we could find some medicine here.” 
“Why didn’t you just ask us? You shot my dad.” Her eyes got big. 
“I’m so sorry. We just wanted to scare you. My dad is a little hard-headed. He’s only trying to save my mom. We haven’t had anything decent to eat for a week now. Those things are killing all the wild game. We’re starving.” She cried again. He stood up and looked at Lee. 
“Go, have your mom fix them something to eat, and ask Lucy to get some medicine.” 
“Lucy’s brother was bitten by one of those things…” 
“Please go and do as I ask. If we can help, we will!” Lee turned and went up the steps. Jim bent down and looked at Susan. “We’ll get you something hot to eat. We don’t have much, but we’ll make sure you don’t leave hungry.” She nodded. Tears still came rolling down her cheeks. 
“I’m really sorry your dad was hurt. Will he be ok?” He nodded. With that, he too turned and climbed the stairs. He closed the door behind him. Everyone, was seated at the table. 
“They shot me and you intend to feed them, and give away our supplies?” His father voice had a hateful tone. Maybe if he was the one shot, he’d feel the same way, but these people needed their help. He wasn’t sure if the meds would do the lady any good, but he had to help  
“I know they came in shooting. We don’t know where they are held up. Josh wasn’t very helpful. He’s a very hard-hearted old man. His daughter did say that her mother was bitten by one of those things, and is very sick.” Lucy gasped. 
“Then she’s dead. Just like my brother. She will turn into one of those things! It’s a waste giving these to her.” Lucy slid a bottle of medicine to Jim. 
“She also said they haven’t had a decent meal in weeks. Should I just turn them away? Or should we act like human beings and feed them? Or Dad, maybe we should just kill them now?” his father dropped his head. 
“I’m just mad because they shot me. I don’t want anyone dead! We’ll do what we can for them!” He got up and went upstairs. Jim watched him disappear. 
 “Darla, I want you to box up some of the supplies we had at the cave. A few jars of the deer meat. We won’t share any of Lucy’s stuff. We’ll give them enough for a few good meals.” She nodded to him. She started opening the cabinets and piling supplies in a box. He slid the bottle of meds back to Lucy. “We’re not sharing any of your family’s supplies with them.” She shook her head. 
“I want you to.” She slid the bottle back to him. He walked over to the counter and pulled out a drawer. He took out a small bag and counted out a week’s worth of meds and placed them in the bag. 
“That’s a week’s worth. If she doesn’t get better then, she’ll become one of those things!” He handed the bottle back to her. Darla was scooping the food into a couple of plastic plates. She handed them to Jim and Lee. 
Downstairs, old man Thompson was awake again. This time he didn’t struggle. He sat somewhat quietly as Jim and Lee approached. Jim bent down and handed the plate to him. The old man looked at the food. “Untie me!” 
“No, you can’t be trusted.” He laid the food on the floor and walked over to Susan. She took the plate and ate greedily. “I’ve also scrounged up a week’s worth of penicillin, but before I give them to you, I want you to know something. The Walkers’ son was bitten by one of those things too, and he didn’t make it. He became one of them.” Old man Thompson started crying, his daughter watched him. 
“We’ve seen it happen before. With one of our neighbors. The things came in the night, and broke through the windows. We had to run. We heard them scream as those things tore them apart. My brother was in there. A few days later we found him turned into one of those things. He bit my mom. She thought she could get through to him, but he wasn’t there anymore. It was like a demon had taken over his body. His eyes were open, and he was walking, but he wasn’t there.” She sobbed. Tears streamed down her face as she recounted the horror.
 “That’s enough Susan. Don’t say any more.” Jim took out his knife. Susan’s eyes got real big. He cut her ropes. “Eat!” She grabbed the plate greedily, downing the food. “Are you going to behave yourself?” Jim asked the old man. Old man Thompson stared at him.
“Dad, listen to them!” he looked at this daughter, and finally nodded his head. 
“For my family!” Jim nodded to Lee. He cut the old man’s ropes. 
“No, funny business.” Jim stepped back and picked up the stun gun. The old man picked up the plate of food. He too greedily downed the food. 
“My wife has some supplies for you upstairs.” He looked up at Jim. “So we’re free to go?” Jim nodded. 
 “Before we let you go I want to know where you’re held up!” The old man looked up at him. 
“Why should we tell you that? So you come with your fancy guns and kill us?” Jim shook his head. 
 “You just don’t understand do you? I’m trying to help you!” Jim looked at Lee, and shook his head. “Let’s leave them alone for a while. You two talk and decide what you want to do. You’re not going anywhere until I get some answers. I only want to help you.” With that they went up the stairs. Jim stopped and shut the door. He looked at Lee. “Take Lucy, and go to the cellar. Go through the tunnel and listen. Lee nodded, and grabbed her by the hand. 
As soon as they walked out the door. KABOOM! A shot was fired at them. The bullet hit the barrier and was reflected. They saw two people scatter. 
“Don’t they ever learn? Wasting bullets like that.” Then Lucy pointed. One of them came out from behind the tree and waved. 
“I think they want to talk,” she said. Lee looked at her. 
“They just took a shot at us!” he said. He heard the door open. It was his father. 
“What’s going on?” Lee pointed at the kid. 
“They want to talk!” he told his father. Jim walked down into the yard. 
“Well, I don’t think we’re going to get anything out of old man Thompson. Let’s see what they have to say!” Jim motioned for them to come forward. As they got closer, he held up his hand. “That’s close enough, what can we help you with?” The boys looked skinny, their clothes were all tattered. Jim couldn’t help but feel sorry for them. 
“You have our pa, and our little sister. We want them back now.” Jim looked at the two. 
“Well, what are you going to do about it? They shot at us, and wounded my dad. They are safe, and have been fed. As soon as they answer some questions, we’ll let them go.” The oldest looking took a step forward and raised his gun. “I wouldn’t do that son, the only person going to get shot is you or him.” The boy seemed to realize he wasn’t lying to them, and lowered his gun. Jim took Lee by the hand, and they turned their backs. Lucy came closer so she could hear. “What do you think?” Jim asked. Lucy had a sorrowful look on her face. 
“We have a lot of supplies, but we can’t keep giving them to everyone that finds us, but we can’t just let them starve.” Lee took her by the hand. 
“We can’t save them all. We have a family to protect. If we give them supplies, what happens when they run out? When they come back again? And again? Can we keep feeding them?” he asked. Her eyes misted up. 
“You, know I could have stayed here all by myself. I could have raised the barrier, and lived for years here protected, with enough supplies to last my lifetime, but no. I met you, and fell in love. I’ve shared everything with you and your family. Their mother is sick, and you know as well as I, what’s going to happen to her. Let’s help them this one time.” Jim stepped forward and gave her a hug. He turned back to the boys. As he did, in the distance, just yards from them, came several things. He rushed forward and grabbed the closest one. Lee stepped forward and grabbed the other one, pulling both through the barrier. They struggled for a few seconds, then they took the guns. 
“Yeah, good people, huh? They just wanted to get us close enough to steal our weapons.” 
“Turn him around Lee!” They turned the two around, and the things smacked their lips, just inches away. The boys cried in vain. 
“Let us go, let us go. They will kill us all.” The things smacked into the barrier and fell dead. The boys stopped struggling. Lucy bent down and picked up the guns. Jim and Lee turned them around. 
 “Can we trust you?” The boys looked at them. Finally, they nodded. “If you prove that we can’t, we’ll throw you back out there!” The boys looked scared. “Follow us, we’ll take you to your dad and sister. I’ll tell you now; your father is hard headed.” Jim stopped and turned to look at both of them “Don’t try to help him in anyway. I have a feeling you know how he is. You don’t have to worry about him here!” Both boys nodded. The rest of the family was standing at the top of the steps. They turned and went back inside. Darla looked at Jim. 
“Should I fix them something to eat?” He nodded. They led them down into the basement. Susan ran and hugged them both. 
 “How’s momma?” she asked. They shook their heads. “She became one of those things, and attacked us. So we ran, to find you!” 
Old man Thompson stood up. He walked over to the first boy. He raised his hand, and smacked the boy hard across the face. The boy fell to the ground. His nose and mouth bloody. He laid there looking up at his father. Susan bent down and tried to help him up. When the old man saw what she was doing, he grabbed her by the hair. Jim stepped forward and struck him in the head with the gun. Thompson fell backward knocked out again. Susan stood up, and hugged him. “Thank you.” She knelt back down to look at her brother. His nose was definitely broken. Blood poured out of it. Lucy rushed forward holding a piece of cloth. 
“Here, put as much pressure on it as you can. The bleeding will stop.” Susan took the cloth and did as she was told. The other brother walked over to their dad. He drew back his foot ready to kick, when he felt a hand on his shoulder. Lee was standing there shaking his head. 
“Don’t do something you will regret later on.” The boy stopped. 
“He has done nothing but hit us. I don’t know what my mother ever saw in him. She married him when our father passed on a few years back.” 
“So, he’s not your father?” asked Jim. The kids shook their heads. He looked at Lee and motioned for him to join him. Lucy followed. 
“We’ll, be right back with some help.” The kids looked at them. He saw the worry in their eyes. He knew what he had to do. He couldn’t throw these kids out there, especially with that old man. 
The three of them climbed the steps leading to the house. He closed the door behind them. Jim could smell the food Darla stood preparing. His parents sat at the table. His dad looked at him. “Well, did you get anything out of him?” Jim shook his head. “Just throw them out, let them fend for themselves like we did.” He sat down. 
“Did you know those aren’t his children?” Earl looked at him. 
“What difference does it make? They shot at us. They are just like him.” Jim was surprised at how negative his father was toward this man. He looked at his mother who sat quietly 
“Did you know he beats the kids? There’s a young boy down there with a broken nose. Old man Thompson walked over to him and hit him.” Earl looked at him. He shook his head. He reached across the table and took Ruth’s hands. 
 “We saw what he was like a few years back, when he married Lilly. He seemed like a good man. Lilly was Ruth’s best friend in school, and Thompson was mine. We stayed pretty close. Then one evening, she came to the house with her three kids. She was beaten pretty badly. We let them stay the night. He showed up the next morning with his sugar-coated mouth and Lilly went back to him. This happened frequently, but she always went back. I think she was afraid she couldn’t make it on her own with the children.” Jim watched as tears ran down his mom’s cheeks. 
“Why didn’t you tell me this when we dragged him in here?” 
“Some things are best not said son. We tried to help her. She didn’t want to leave him. It was her choice. So we thought it best to not interfere.” They all sat while the story sank in. This changed things for Jim. He looked at Darla, who was also misty. 
“What shall we do?” Everyone was quiet. Ruth spoke up. 
“I think we should keep the children, that is, if they want to stay. Toss the asshole back out there.” 
“I think she’s right. Those kids deserve more!” Jim nodded at Darla. 
“Anyone else?” Lucy looked at Jim. 
“I think they are right. We have enough room. We have enough food. We can allow them to stay if they wish” Jim consented with a nod-looking at his father, he asked 
“What do you think?” Again he took Ruth’s hands. 
“They lived a hard life with that man. Let’s invite them to stay.” With that, Jim pushed back his chair and stood. 
“Well, let’s see what they say!” Jim walked over to the basement door, and opened it. He stopped at the top and glanced down. He pointed at the one with the broken nose. “You come here.” The boy obeyed. Jim took him by the shoulders and led him to the table. Ruth came over and started to work on him. “She knows what she’s doing son.” The boy nodded. He went back to the door. “You two come on up.” Susan and the other young boy did as they were asked. They entered the kitchen. Darla looked at them. They were filthy. She could smell them from the sink. Her heart melted. He motioned for them to sit beside their brother, while he was being worked on. “We have made a decision.” Susan stood up. 
“Please! Don’t make us go back out there with him!” Tears rolled down her cheek. Darla rushed forward and hugged her. 
“If you want to stay here with us you’re more than welcome. There will be a few rules of course.” The kids looked at one another. The oldest stood up and held out his hand to Jim. 
“We will accept your offer, and we will do whatever you want us to do.” Jim shook the young man’s hand. He figured it was time he learned their names. 
“Great son, now I know your sister. So what are your names?” He asked. “My name is Buck, and that is Sam.” Jim stood back. “Well welcome Buck and Sam.” 
“Ladies! Why don’t you take Susan upstairs and get her a bath and some clothes?” Lucy stepped forward. 
“She should be able to fit in some of mine.” She took her by the hand and led her upstairs. Jim looked at Lee. He didn’t have to say anything.  He looked at Buck and motioned for him to follow. They went up the stairs.  Lee and Buck entered the bedroom. Lucy and Susan were looking for clothing. Lee walked over and gave Lucy a kiss. He opened the dresser and pulled out some clothes. 
“I think these will fit you. Come on. I’ll show you to the bathroom.” 
“Lee, take him to the other bathroom. Susan is going to use the tub.” Lee nodded.
“Come on Buck!” He led Buck down the hall to the bathroom. “Everything you need should be in there. Just leave your clothes there on the hamper. He turned and walked out, closing the door. He walked back down the stairs. He saw the younger brother still sitting at the table while his grandma worked on the boy. He was all bandaged up. “As soon as your brother is done, I’ll take you up, and get you cleaned up,” Lee told Sam. Sam nodded back to him.
Jim motioned for Lee to follow him. He opened the door and went outside. “What do you think about all of this?” Lee walked with him. 
“I’m not sure Dad. These are the first people we’ve met. We don’t know much about them. We are inviting strangers into our home.” 
“Lee these aren’t normal people. These are children that have been beaten by a coward. I’m just wondering where they will be sleeping.” 
“I think I have an idea.” They both turned to see Lucy standing there. “Come on!” 
She led them to the cellar. She opened the door and entered. She closed it behind them. She walked and entered the smallest room, opened a door on the bottom and pulled out several little boxes. She turned around holding them out. “These work somewhat like the barrier around us. The bad thing is, they need to be charged during the day.” She flipped them over, and they saw the solar panels. “They, also won’t stop bullets. I’m not 100% sure how long they will last before needing a recharge, or how they would function against a horde of those things.” Jim took one of the devices and looked at it. 
“So we could put a few of these things around one of the barns, and it would be safe for the kids?” 
“In theory, yes, but they will need some testing first.” He turned and looked at Lee. 
 “We need to capture one of those things. We’ll trap it inside the barrier, and watch how long these things last, and if they will hold up.” Lee took a step back. 
 “I don’t know Dad. We can find a safer way to test them.” he looked at Lee. He felt like a fool. He knew it was too dangerous. He wanted to help these kids. He knew what it was like to be hit by your father. He had taken some serious beatings growing up. 
“Ok, son we’ll figure out something else.” Jim turned and headed for the house. 
Lucy took Lee by the hand. She led him to the cellar. She opened the door and sealed it. “It’s going to be a little crazy around here until everyone gets settled in.” She pulled him close and kissed him. Then she stopped. “I think I got it!” She stopped and ran off. She entered the little room and started rummaging through the drawers. She pulled out a midrange box. It had all kinds of buttons on it. “This is the answer to our sanity!” She held up the box. “This can draw power from the main grid, and power the boxes. This would give them unlimited power!” He rushed up to her and pulled her close. 
“I love that brain of yours!” She kissed him. 
An hour later they heard the front door open. Lee jumped up and pulled on his pants. Lucy did the same. Jim came around the corner as they pulled on their shirts. “Oh, I’m sorry!” He turned and walked back to the front. Lee pulled on his boots, and kissed her. He ran and caught up with his father. 
“Sorry about that!” he said. Jim looked at him grinning. 
“I was young once,” he replied. Lucy came up behind them. Jim looked at her. She was tucking in her shirt. 
“Lucy knows how to setup the barrier!” Lee beamed. Jim looked at her. She held out the box. 
“This can be used as a power source. It draws power from the main grid, so we can use it to keep the fence boxes charged indefinitely!” He took the box and looked it over. 
“I sure wish I understood all of this stuff!” He gave the box to Lee. “Let’s get started.” He turned to go outside. He stopped and looked back. Lucy was standing there. He walked back to her. He reached down and took her hand. “We need you too! You’re the only one that knows how this works!” She smiled. 
“Lee said he loves my brain!” She said. Jim let out a little giggle.
Chapter Nine
They all sat round the table. The new kids ate greedily. Jim and his family felt so bad for them. All three were now washed up and given clean clothes. That alone was a good start. He watched as they ate and ate. They heard old man Thompson banging in the basement. The kids were terrified, they stopped and looked at each other. Jim saw the expressions on their faces. “Don’t worry, he will never hurt you children again.” They all looked at him and continued eating.
Jim finished his dinner and joined Lee in the living room. “Son, as soon as you’re done, it’s time we let Thompson know what’s going to happen.” 
“Ok, Dad! I’ll be there in a few minutes.” He hurried and finished his supper. He took his plate to the kitchen and joined his dad at the top of the stairs. 
“I have a feeling son that this isn’t going to go all that well!” 
“I have the same feeling!” They went down the steps. Old man Thompson stood. He could move around, but was tied securely. 
“Where are my kids? I want to see them, and I want untied NOW!” Jim moved to him and pushed him back. 
“You don’t deserve to leave here alive, but I’m going to let you go. As for your children, they have decided to stay here with us. Anyone who beats a child or woman is the lowest form of scum, and from what I’ve heard and seen, you are scum!” Thompson lurched forward. Jim gave a kick, knocking him back! They heard footsteps and looked at the top of the stairs. All three children were standing there. One by one, they came down and stood in front of their step-father. He glared at them. 
 “You, ungrateful bunch of brats. I don’t know why I married your mother. She was just as ungrateful as you.” With that, a loud bang filled the room. Everyone turned and looked at Sam. He stood there holding a gun. Old man Thompson stooped over and fell to the floor. Blood poured from his chest. Lee rushed Sam to the floor and took the gun. 
“What are you doing?” He asked. Jim flipped Thompson over and held his hand over the wound. 
“They are your problems now,” He whispered. “Enjoy them….” He went limp. Jim looked up at Sam. 
“Where did you get that gun? I don’t understand why you would do that! He wasn’t any threat to you.” Jim stood. He held out his hands and showed Sam the blood. “Is this what you wanted?” Lee made Sam look at what he’d done. 
“You have no idea what that monster did to us. What he made us do. He deserved nothing less. He died too easily. He should have suffered as we did!” Jim kept looking at the kid. He couldn’t help but wonder if it was a good idea taking them in, especially now. 
“Where did you get the gun?” Jim asked. Sam looked at him. “Let me see it Lee.” He handed his father the gun. He looked it over. He didn’t recognize it. He knew one of these kids had to have it. It belonged to them. “Which one of you had this?” Susan stepped forward. 
“It wasn’t us. Thompson gave it to him to kill you!” Jim looked at her. 
“Well, Sam is going to bury him. If a man is old enough to murder someone. Then he’s old enough to do the right thing.” He walked passed the children. He stopped and pulled off his boots. The bottoms were soaked in blood. He tossed them to the side and turned and climbed the stairs. He turned around at the top. “Come on Lee, let’s go get some plastic!” They went up the stairs. He looked at the other two children. “Buck and Susan come with us too. I want your brother to look at what he did. He needs to reflect on his actions.” The other two children did as they were told. Jim noticed that not one of them looked like they had any remorse, or even felt sorry. This worried him. He didn’t feel safe with them around. He wished he hadn’t made the decision to accommodate them. He would have to talk to his family about them. He knew one thing for certain at this time. They would not be sleeping in the house, or close to them. They would erect the barrier around one of the outer buildings and let them stay there.
Jim and Lee and the two children went into the kitchen. Darla, Ruth, and his father stood there looking very grim. “Darla, take the kids into the living room and watch them. Here!” he handed her the gun. He then looked at the kids. “I’m very worried about what just happened. My family comes first.” The kids turned to follow Darla. Susan turned back around and looked at them. 
“Please, don’t make us go back out there.” She then turned and went into the living room. Jim looked at Lee. 
“What the heck are we going to do?” He went out the door. They walked over to the cellar and opened the door. “Let’s find some plastic, I know I saw some on one of these shelves.” Lee went down one isle while Jim went the other way. Finally, at the back, Lee found a roll. 
“Over here Dad!” he walked over to him. 
“That will work.” He grabbed a roll and started to walk off. “I think we should talk about what we are going to do.” Jim stopped. He didn’t turn around. “I already know what I have to do. I moved us here to protect you guys. I’m not letting some hot-headed kids threaten us. As soon as Thompson is taken care of, we’ll give them the supplies, and we’ll escort them out!” He continued to walk out the door. 
Lee understood his father completely, but these are kids. Children who were beaten for years. He really didn’t blame the kid for killing the old man. Was it right? Well no, but sometimes people are pushed just too far. He knew that getting his father to change his mind would be difficult or even impossible. Maybe, it was best they just put them out. He looked up and saw his father waiting for him. Lee hurried and went outside. As the door shut. His father looked at him. “Please, don’t fight me over this. Your mom and grandma will, I need to know that at least you support me.” He stood for a moment and finally nodded. 
They headed back to the house. As they went up the steps they heard yelling. When they got inside, they saw everyone in the corner with the three children holding the gun.
 “Don’t come any closer or I will shoot!” Sam looked at Jim with fury in his eyes. “Just give us the supplies, and a vehicle and we’ll be on our way!” Jim shook his head. 
“I’ll give you supplies, but you’re not taking our vehicles, and I promise you this. If you harm one more of my family members, you will be in the same hole as Thompson.” Susan looked at Jim. 
“We have the gun!” she said. Jim smirked. 
“You do have the gun, but there are six of us my dear! You might hurt one of us, but the others will pounce on you like a lion!” The three children looked at one another. Sam grabbed Sara. 
“Then we’ll start with her.” Jim took a step forward as Sam put the gun to his daughter’s head. Sara started to cry. Finally, Jim dropped his hands. 
“Ok, you win. Take whatever you want.” With that, he fell to his knees as Sam released Sara. She ran over to him and he hugged her. 
“You!” Sam pointed to Darla. “Fill that box with everything that will fit. We want guns too!” Jim looked up. 
“The guns are in the cellar, take them!” Sam turned to Buck, who was holding one of the stun guns. 
“Go with Peewee and get the guns and ammo.” Buck nodded and pointed his gun at Lee. 
“Go!” Buck ordered. He turned and went out the door. He felt no remorse for these children at all now. He would meet up with them again, and they would suffer. As they got closer to the cellar Lee got an idea. These children didn’t know what was inside of the cellar. When they got to the door, He looked at Buck. 
“The code is 89765. Just press it into the keypad there,” Lee said.
Buck looked at him. “If you try anything I’ll shoot you!” Lee nodded. Buck stepped forward to the keypad, but as he touched it, he was knocked back. Lee saw a tear in his eye. He almost felt sorry for him. Lee pulled the remote out of his pocket and opened the door. He dragged Buck inside. He looked around. Then he remembered some rope. He quickly tied Buck up. He closed the door and ran to the back. He grabbed two stun guns and opened the back door. He ran through the tunnel to the basement door. He pressed in the code, and the door opened. 
As he entered the basement, he saw old man Thompson laying there surrounded by blood. He slid across the floor to the stairs. He looked at the top. The door was still open. He could hear them talking. His father was trying to make a deal with them. Lee now realized what a mistake it was to even let these children in. They had fed them, and given them clean clothes. He quietly went up the stairs. He set his gun on the mid setting. He didn’t really know what it would do to them, but in this moment, he didn’t really care. 
He finally reached the top. The talking got louder. These children were amateurs. Sam stood there with his back toward an open door. But, then again, Sam didn’t know there was another way into the house! As he looked through the door, Jim saw him standing there. Lee held up a finger to his mouth. Jim didn’t flinch. He kept talking to Sam trying to reason with him. “Sam, I know what it’s like out there. You don’t have to do this!” Sam stood and looked at him. He saw Sam raise his gun. Lee stepped out into the house and shot. Sam hit the ground shaking. He turned to Susan and shot. She too landed on the floor shaking. Ruth and Darla let out a scream. 
“Are they dead?” they both asked.
Jim walked over to Sam and took the gun. “What a little asshole. How does that feel?” Sam was still shaking. Lee bent down and picked up Susan’s gun. 
“Where’s Buck?” Jim asked.
“He’s tied up in the cellar. He tried to punch in the cellar code.” Jim grinned. 
“Fast thinking son.” He walked over to Lee and patted him on the back. 
“What are we going to do with them?” asked Darla. Jim looked up at her. 
“We’re going to give them some supplies, and put them out.” She didn’t try to fight with him. She too realized how dangerous these children were. “Ladies, finish filling that box with food. Lee help me get them to the barrier! They will have plenty of time to find shelter!” Lee did as he was told. He grabbed Sam by the feet, and they carried him out to the barrier. Next, they got Buck from the cellar, and then Susan. Darla came out with the big box. 
“This should last them a few days.” Jim took the box and put it on the other side of the barrier. They dragged them outside of the barrier and piled them up with the box. One by one they sat up. Sam looked at Lee. 
“You little sissy boy. You will pay for this!” He stepped forward, but Jim stopped him.
“I suggest you get your supplies and find shelter. It will be dark soon.” Lucy came up behind them. 
Jim took Lee by the arm. “Let’s go!” The three of them turned and headed back to the house. As they reached the steps Sam yelled at them. 
“We’ll be back, and next time you won’t be as lucky. I look forward to seeing you again sissy boy!” With that, they watched them pick up the box and start to walk away. 
 Inside the house, everyone was shaken. Darla and Ruth stood in the kitchen. Earl walked over to Lee and Jim. “I think we have learned a lesson here boys. The world has changed. We can’t worry about the ones out there. We have to take care of the ones in here.” He turned and walked off. 
Kabam! Jim and Lee looked at one another. “Did you shut the basement door?” Jim asked. Lee rushed down the stairs. Old man Thompson was on his feet, but it wasn’t exactly Thompson. He had turned into one of those things. 
“What the heck?” Lee said. The thing smacked its jaws when it saw them. 
 “What’s going on down there? Oh my goodness!” Jim looked up and saw Darla and Ruth standing at the top of the steps. 
“Stay back!” Jim drew it to him. Lee sneaked behind it, and jabbed his knife in its head. It hit the ground. “How did he reanimate? It has to be more than just bites!” Lee nodded in agreement. 
 “It must be some kind of virus,” he said. “A virus that can re-animate the dead!” Jim looked down at the corpse. Another clue as to what was going on out there.
They spent the next few hours cleaning up the basement and getting rid of the body. They threw it on the pile with the rest. They noticed the things appearing. Tomorrow would be a repeat of this morning. Piles of the things to clean up. It didn’t make sense as to why they converged on the barrier. They just knew they were very grateful that Mr. Walker was a weapons builder. Jim couldn’t help but wonder where the kids went, and if they were safe. He didn’t know why he felt any compassion at all for them. After all, he had trusted them, and they betrayed his family. 
Inside, everyone was in the kitchen. They were all upset, next time he would listen to his father. They would allow no outsiders inside the barrier. Jim and Lee joined the rest of the family. Not one of them spoke. Lucy came up and put her hands on Lee’s shoulders. She took his hand and led him outside. No one said a word. Usually his grandmother whispers, but this time they didn’t hear a word. 
As they descended the steps into the yard, Lucy turned and looked at Lee. “I’m so worried. Today we learned a very valuable lesson. We can’t let outsiders in anymore. Women, children, elderly, friends, we can’t take the chance of what happened to repeat itself.” He took her in his arms. He knew she was upset. They walked around the boundary and scouted the tree line. They saw no trace of the children. Only a few things roaming about. 
 “Promise me Lee, we don’t take any more chances like today!” He didn’t feel comfortable making that promise. They didn’t know who was still out there. He stopped at the entrance to the house and looked at her. 
“Let’s see what happens, before we start making promises. We don’t know how many of our family is still out there. Even some of your family might show up.” She just looked at him. 
“No strangers?” he shook his head. 
“No, strangers!” he agreed. She smiled and climbed up the steps. He followed her. 
Lee was about to go nuts from the quiet, when finally, his mom spoke up. “Lucy, have you and Lee decided on a date?” Everyone’s heads turned to them. This caught her off guard. They really hadn’t had time to talk about it. She sat looking at them. 
“Well, we haven’t really had time to talk about it,” she said.
“Well, how about now?” She looked at Lee. He shrugged his shoulders. 
“Well, I guess so!” They all sat quietly for a few moments then Darla spoke again. 
“How about next weekend after Thanksgiving?” She slowly looked up. She felt Lee’s hand on her leg. She looked over at him. His eyes were wide. She knew he was excited, and she was too but didn’t think they would be married this soon. She had thought about spring out in the garden. 
“I was really thinking about spring. Give us time to get to know one another a little better.” Lee removed his hand from her leg. He felt a sharp pain in his gut. Was she going to back out? What was she thinking? Finally, he spoke up. 
“We’ll get back to you guys after we have discussed it a little.” With that, he got up. “I think I’ll go and check the parameter.” He headed for the door. Everyone watched him leave, and then focused their eyes on her. She felt so bad all of a sudden. She scooted her chair out and went to find him. 
She walked towards the cellar until she finally saw him on the furthest part of the barrier. She walked up behind him and took his hand. 
“Are you having second thoughts?” he asked. They stood for a few moments, and then she finally answered. She got in front of him and looked him directly in the eyes. 
“No, I’ve never felt this way about anyone! I mean, I loved my family, but this love is different. When you’re not close to me, I catch myself looking for you. I want to be next to you for the rest of my life. I want us to be joined as one and raise our children here on my family’s farm, where it’s safe. I want to wake up with you every morning lying next to me. I want to have your children. I want a life with you.” She stopped for a moment. He looked at her eyes tearing up. “I love you unconditionally. I’m just worried we are rushing into a union that might or might not be true love. I want us to get to know one another fully. I want time to see if we stay in love, and what we have isn’t just puppy love.” He knew that he loved her too, and that it wasn’t just puppy love. He knew she was right about rushing into marriage. He looked her in the eyes. 
“I’ll wait as long as you need!” He reached up and wiped away the tears. She took his hand and led him towards the cellar. 
An hour went by. Lee laid on the floor with Lucy next to him. He looked over at her sleeping. He knew he loved this girl, and he wanted to spend the rest of his life with her. He wasn’t going to push marriage on her. Quite frankly it wasn’t that important to him. With the world in the current state, why even bother. It wasn’t like they even had a priest to join them in holy matrimony. 
He pulled on his pants and shoes. He stood up, trying not to wake her. He looked at the shelves stocked and meat hanging. He still marveled at all the food the Walkers had prepared and stored. He looked back at her, and at that moment, he knew just how lucky he and his family were. Lee walked back over to her and picked up his shirt, and pulled it on. 
She opened her eyes and looked up at him. She smiled at him. “I love you! Every time we make love, it’s like we are one.” He bent down and kissed her deeply. “I want to get married at Christmas.” He stood back up and looked at her. 
“You sure?” She nodded. He kissed her again. She pulled off his shirt again. 
He laid there thinking about getting married. He was excited. He was glad she wanted to wait a little while longer. A month would pass by fast. She sat up. “You know there’s a lot more to this place than storage!” He looked at her. 
“Like what?” She took him by the hand and stood. She looked down at their naked bodies and giggled. 
“Maybe we should get dressed.” They pulled on their clothes. She took him by the hand and led him, just opposite of the power room. She walked over to a shelf and pulled a jar from the wall and pressed on the back. A door swung open. She entered a code and the case shook and finally swung open. She led the way. She reached over and turned on the lights. The walls were lined with racks, each containing four long troughs. The back wall had a low counter with many drawers. 
“What is this?” He asked. She looked at him. 
“Something wonderful, hydroponic bays. To grow produce and flowers. We can grow anything we want.” She walked to the back counter and opened the top drawer. He walked up beside her and looked as she flipped through it. “Seeds Lee, every kind of vegetable you can imagine. There are potato and onion sets in the bays over there.” He grabbed a hold of her and kissed her deeply. They were suddenly shaken when someone yelled. 
“Hey! Are you guys in here?” It was Darla. 
“Yes, Mom we’re in here!” They waited a few minutes and she finally appeared in the doorway. Her eyes were as wide as his own. 
 “Oh, my goodness!” Lucy motioned for her to come forward. 
“Look!” She stepped back to let Darla look at the seeds. Lee watched her face, as she flipped through them. She turned and looked at Lucy. 
“We could have fresh vegetables for Christmas!” Lucy nodded at her. She walked looking at the bay. She pulled back the straw and looked at the potato and onion sets. “Is there anything your father didn’t have?” she shook her head no. 
“I think he was prepared for everything. He always said, that with each passing season, we could survive an extra year. We grew two gardens every year, and everything we didn’t use ended up in here.” Darla found a chair and sat down. Lee could tell by the look on her face, that she was about to cry. He started to walk over to her when Lucy caught his arm. She walked around him and went to her. She bent down, and looked at her. “I take it you like to grow things?” Darla nodded. “Well, help yourself. I’m looking forward to a fresh salad at Christmas.” she reached out and hugged Lucy. 
“You have no idea how much you mean to our family. You have given us security, and food, and a home. I really wish I had known your family better. They must have been so extraordinary. I’m going to go get Ruth, so we can start!” She hugged Lee too and left. Lucy walked over to Lee and kissed him. 
“I guess we’ll have to find another spot! I have a feeling this one is going to be occupied more!” He smiled at her. He took her by the hand and led her out of the room.
Back outside, they walked to the barrier edge. There weren't as many of the things out there tonight. They watched as one smacked its jaws at them, and was knocked back when it touched the barrier. The black blood oozed out of its ears. “I wonder where the children went.” She said. 
“It’s hard to tell, Dad never got anything out of them. I don’t think they are far. After what I saw them do, I don’t care where they are. We trusted them and tried to help them. They could have killed all of us.” 
“I know, we just have to be careful, and keep to ourselves. We can’t take another chance like that!” he nodded in agreement. 
“It would only take one to steal a remote, or a band then we would be at their mercy.” As he finished talking he heard something hit the barrier. They both stepped back. They looked out at the field, but couldn’t see anything. Then another hit. Lee pointed at a small group of trees. As they watched, they saw something launched at them. They couldn’t tell what it was, but it hit the barrier with a blast. “Someone is throwing homemade bombs!” he looked at Lucy. “Will the barrier hold?” 
 “I believe so, its pure energy.” 
Jim came up from behind them. “What’s going on? Dad thought he saw an explosion.” 
 “I think our friends are out there. There in the small group of trees,” Lee pointed. “They are throwing small can bombs I think.” Jim took the gun from his shoulder and pointed it at the trees. He fired three times. They watched as the bullets made contact with the trees. They didn’t hear anything. They watched as another bomb hit the barrier. They stepped back. 
“It has to be those brats!” Then to the left, they saw a man walk towards them with his arms in the air. As he got closer Jim held up his hand. “That’s close enough mister!” The guy stopped. “What do you want?” The man looked like he was crying. He was dirty, and his hands had blood on them. 
“They want food, or they are going to kill me! I’ve been tied up all day. Please give them what they want.” Jim looked at the guy. 
“Who are they?” The guy looked at him. 
“Does it matter? I want to live.” Jim looked at the guy. He saw cuts on the man’s face, and arms. “Please! Help me,” the man said. Lucy turned and looked at him. 
“We can’t take a chance and let him in!” Jim looked at her. 
“Every human life matters. Would you be able to sleep knowing you caused this man’s death?” Lee walked up beside Lucy. 
“She’s right Dad. We can’t take the chance.” Jim stepped forward to face the man. As he did, the guy raised a gun and shot at him. The bullet reflected backward hitting the guy in the chest. Jim jumped back. He couldn’t believe what just happened. The guy struggled, gurgling as they watched him bleed out. 
“There will be more to come, you won’t be safe for long!” With that, the guy went limp. They watched as those things came beside the guy and ate him up, and tore his stomach apart and pulled out his intestines. Blood spurted everywhere, soaking the ground.
Chapter Ten
Lee woke up early. Today was Thanksgiving. He could smell the food cooking. He rolled over and looked at Lucy. She was still sleeping. He gave her a kiss on her forehead, and thought, that in just a few weeks, she would be his wife. They would make a home here, and she would have his children. They would be a family in a world that had gone to hell. 
He thought about what was out there. He wondered what was really going on in the world. Was this widespread, or was it just local? He knew it must be widespread, or the military would have come by now. He saw the sunrise. He slowly slid to his side of the bed, and pulled on his clothes. He turned and looked at her still sleeping. His parents were elated that they finally picked a date, but his grandma was still being her own stubborn self. He figured she would come around sooner or later.
Lee headed downstairs. His father and mother were already in the kitchen. His father was seated at the table with his morning coffee. His mom was at the sink. “Well, good morning dear. Coffee?” she asked.
“Yes, please! I didn’t sleep much last night.” His dad choked on his coffee. Lee looked at him, and he was grinning. He shrugged his shoulders, as his mom handed him his cup. 
Lee watched as his grandma came from the living room. She didn’t even look his way. “Happy Thanksgiving Grandma!” He called. She turned and looked at him. She didn’t say anything but finally nodded her head. He pushed back his chair and headed out the door. Lee heard footsteps behind him. 
“Don’t worry son, she’ll come around,” Jim said. Lee kept walking. He stopped at the barrier and looked at the things laying on the ground. 
“Where are they coming from?” he asked. “Ugg, I’m so sick of hauling these things off!” Lee said. Jim looked at him grinning. 
“Your young bride-to-be has you worn out?” he commented. Lee looked at him and grinned. 
“I need rest!” He joked. Jim patted Lee on the shoulder. 
“Well, let’s get started!” 
They spent the next two hours cleaning up the filthy things and hauling them to the pile. When they got back to the house, their belly’s growled from the smell of the food cooking.
“Go get washed up, dinner is almost done!” Darla called. They both nodded and headed upstairs. Jim patted his son on the back. Lee looked up at the clock. It was already almost noon.
“Good luck!” He snickered as he entered his room. He walked over to his room. The bed was made. He heard the shower running. He walked over to the dresser and pulled out some clothes. As he entered the bathroom, the glass shower doors slid open. 
“Join me?” she said invitingly. He stripped down and entered the shower. A half hour later they were getting dressed as someone knocked on the door 
“Come on you two, dinner is ready,” Darla called. Lucy giggled, and stood up! They both hurried and finished dressing. 
As they came down the stairs, everyone was already seated at the table. Jim had a grin from ear to ear. He reached out and picked up his glass and held it up. The table was covered in Thanksgiving dishes. The turkey was the center. As they sat down, they noticed that Ruth still hadn’t looked up. 
“Since this is Lucy’s home, and her food, I think she should say grace!” Jim said. Everyone turned and looked at her. She thought for a moment and finally said grace. They all dug in.
After dinner, Jim and Lee checked the barrier again. There were a few things laying scattered about.  Lee noticed that on the outside it was snowing. “Look!” Jim watched. He too saw the snow, and looked up, and finally felt the snow on his face. 
“I’m afraid there won’t be much snow in here. The barrier puts off too much heat. That’s why it’s warm,” Lucy had come out and joined them. Lee walked over to the barrier and stepped on the other side. She was right. It was much colder on the other side. 
“Brr, it is much colder,” he said. The temperature was so different. 
“Watch out!” she screamed. Lee felt a hand grab his arm, and pull him back in the barrier. He felt something hot on his other hand as he was pulled back in. Another bomb smashed into the barrier. They all turned and watched as a small group of people ran up the hill into the trees. “The children!” She looked at Lee’s arm. “We need to get this bandaged.” She took him by the hand and led him back toward the house. He stopped. 
“You coming, Dad?” Jim shook his head. 
“I think I’m going to watch for a while!” Lee looked at him. Lee knew he was thinking about those kids. 
“Come on, they are not worth it. They can’t hurt us in here!” Jim finally nodded and turned to them. 
“Sooner or later we are going to deal with them!” He rushed past them.
Inside, Darla and Ruth met them in the kitchen. Darla rushed forward and started to clean the burn. “It’s not that bad. It barely hurts,” Lee said. She pulled him to the table and pulled out a chair. As he sat down, he saw his dad go back out the door. 
“He’s going to go after them. You need to hurry!” Darla said, and hurriedly wrapped his arm. When she finished, Lucy stood behind him with a gun. 
“What are you going to do with them when you do find them?” Lee shrugged his shoulders. “They are a threat, and we need to take care of it.” He rushed out the door. Lee saw his father standing by the barrier. Several bombs hit the barrier right in front of him. Lucy grabbed his arm. 
“If we go back to the house, we can sneak up the ridge and get behind them.” Lee turned and looked. The brush should shelter them enough so they wouldn’t be seen. He ran over to his father and told him what the plan was. He nodded in agreement and stood in the same spot as the kids continued to throw the bombs. Lucy and Lee went back to the house, and around the side. They scanned the hill for any movement and saw none. They ran through the barrier and started to climb the hill. 
At the top, they snuck down a little further. As they neared the place where the kids were, they noticed there were others. They were no longer alone. They had brought re-enforcements. Lucy pulled a triangle shaped thing from her pocket. “Flasher bomb, it won’t kill them, but it will put them on their asses!” He nodded to her. She pushed a button and hit the ground. The flasher bomb hit the ground right in the middle of the group. As it hit, a bright light flashed, and they all hit the ground. They stood up and rushed over to them. They shook on the ground. Lucy opened her bag and pulled out some ties and tied them up. As they tied the last one, Jim joined them. 
“What was that thing?” he asked.
“Just something that Dad was working on. Seems to work pretty well.” He nodded to her. He stood looking at the group. There were seven of them. Some he recognized from town. They all woke up and struggled to get free. He stood and watched them. “Why are you trying to hurt us? We tried to help you, and you shot my dad? What do you want?” Finally, the oldest man spoke up. 
“We want what you have. We want that barrier, and to live in peace in the house, and to have food to feed our children. What else would we want?” Jim walked over to the guy. 
“I gave those brats all the supplies we could. You need to leave and forget this place exists. You know there is no getting in, and you know we have the means to protect ourselves. Sooner or later someone is going to get hurt, and I’m afraid it’s not going to be us.” Jim stepped back. Lee had seen him mean, but had never seen him mean to others. The guy looked at Jim. 
“There’s enough room in there for a hundred people. Why are you being selfish? People are dying out here!” He looked at the guy. 
“We tried helping these kids, but what we got was not their thanks. We will not be threatened.” Jim turned to Lee and Lucy. “Let’s go!” He turned to leave. 
“You can’t just leave us here tied up. Those things will come eat us.” Jim shrugged his shoulders. 
“Why should we care?” He turned to leave when he heard the familiar smacking sound. “Looks like that might be sooner rather than later”. He looked at Lee and Lucy. “Let’s go.” He winked. As they walked away the people screamed. He glanced back over his shoulder and the things got closer. They’d gone just a few more feet when he heard. 
“OK help us, and we’ll leave and won’t come back.” he stopped. He glanced at Lee and Lucy and smiled. He turned around and went back to the group. 
“Get them on their feet!” One by one, they pulled them up. “Now go! Stop at the barrier!” They marched as instructed. Lee had no idea what his father was doing, but he knew what the look on Lucy’s face meant! Lee rushed up to his father. 
“We can’t let them inside the barrier!” 
His father said, “Just follow my lead! I won’t put any of us in jeopardy again, and NO, they won’t be coming inside the barrier!” he walked on, watching the group walk in front. 
As they neared the boundary of the barrier, he instructed them to stop. He walked over to Lee and Lucy “You two go on in, and wait just inside. We have to be careful.” Lee nodded and took Lucy by the hand. They walked through the barrier to the safe side. 
The group stood looking at Jim. The smacking from the things was getting louder. “Come on, untie us.” he just stood there. He looked back at Lee. 
“I need to make an example today. I need to show you what will happen if you ever come back and threaten us.” He pulled out his gun, and pointed it to the old man, and pulled the trigger. The old man hit the ground with a thud. Blood sprayed all over the others. Lee and Lucy gasped. He pulled out a knife and handed it to the lady next to him. “Cut yourselves free, and get out of here. If you ever come back, I won’t be as hospitable.” Jim stepped inside the barrier. The lady turned and untied the others. They stood around the old man, not one of them offered any condolences. The woman walked right up to the barrier. 
“You think we’re afraid to die? We didn’t even know that old man!” Jim walked up to her and held up his gun. The lady backed off. 
“I won’t give any of you a second chance. Come back, and you will become food for the things. It’s that simple!” he told her.
“You won’t always be safe inside. Sooner or later, your luck will run out, and once it does, we’ll pick it all clean!” With that, the lady turned and walked away. The others followed. Moments later, the things finally arrived. They bent down and tore into the old man. Jim turned and faced them.
He saw the fear in their eyes. “It had to be done! We can’t show anything less than our strength. The lady is right. Sooner or later our luck will run out and we will be at the mercy of what’s out there. We have to let them know we mean business.” With that, he walked around them and headed back to the house. They stood there in disbelief. Lee couldn’t believe his father had just killed an unarmed man. 
“Your father is right. We have to show no mercy from now on. We can’t be bullied into giving outsiders our supplies. If one day, my father’s barrier does fail, maybe they will be afraid to attack us.” Lee didn’t know what to say. He knew this wasn’t his father. He wasn’t a cold blooded killer. He almost understood the reasoning behind it, but he still felt it was going too far. 
As they neared the house, they could hear arguments. His parents were going at it. Someone inside must have seen what happened. They stopped and listened for a few minutes. “I’m not going in there.” She looked at Lee. He knew what she was thinking. 
“Let’s go and sit in the barn and talk about the wedding,” he said. He took her by the hand and led her away. As they entered the barn, which wasn’t in the barrier, two things came towards them. Lee raised his gun and shot them. They hit the ground with a thump. The blast, like always, fried their brains. Black blood oozed out. He couldn’t remember a Thanksgiving as memorable as this one. 
They walked over to the ladder and climbed up in the loft. Lee found a bale of hay and sat down. Lucy knelt in front of him. He took her hands. “Let’s talk about the wedding.” She looked up at him, and made a scuffing sound and rose to her feet. 
“What do you want to talk about? It’s not like it will be a real wedding. No wedding dress or anything.” He stood. 
 “It can be as real as we want it. We can go out and find materials for your dress. There was a dress shop on the outskirts of town. I’m sure we can find something.” she stood back. She hadn’t thought about going out to find anything. 
 “With everything that’s just happened, your dad isn’t going to let us go.” He looked at her. He knew she was right. 
“Well, what if we didn’t tell him? We could load up some supplies, and you can get some of your fancy gadgets. We’ll just take one of the vehicles and leave. Though, I would feel better if I asked him first.” She nodded. 
“You two in here?” It was Jim. 
“We’re up here Dad!” He looked up to the loft. 
“We need to talk.” Both of them climbed down the ladder. 
“Your mother is on the warpath about what happened. I need you to talk to her. Calm her down. Tell her what happened was for the best.” He looked at his father. 
“I’m not sure I can do that. What you did was a little unexpected. If you were planning on killing them, why didn’t you just leave them tied up defenseless?” Jim glared at Lee. 
“I’m trying to protect our family. That group of savages has been pounding the barrier for days! They were a threat, and I took a chance.” He had never seen his father so cold. He acted like he didn’t have any humanity left. 
“Well, Lucy and I will be leaving in the morning. We’re going to scavenge some of the dress shops nearby and try to find stuff for the wedding,” Lee said. Jim shook his head. 
“I don’t think that’s a good idea. We just made some enemies, and they would like nothing more than to catch us out of the barrier. Come on, let’s get back.” 
“No Dad! We have made up our minds. It’s our choice to make, and we want to go!” Jim stopped before exiting the barn. He stood in the doorway. He turned to Lee. 
“Don’t fight with me over this. No one is going outside of the barrier, and that means to come to these barns. You two will just have to find somewhere else to do it!” This infuriated Lee. He walked up to his father. Then BANG! His father fell forward. Lee ran forward, but it was too late. His father lay face down. He looked out and saw two of the children running back into the brush. His face flushed with anger. Lucy rushed up to them. 
“He’s been shot in the shoulder. Help me!” Lee shouted. She grabbed him by the feet. 
They shuffled as they headed to the barrier. Bullets rang out. Lee felt one hit his arm, and he let out a scream. “Those little brats will get what’s coming to them.” They continued to shuffle until finally they were safe. They heard yelling coming from the house. He looked up and saw the rest of his family rushing towards them.
Lee opened his eyes. He looked around the bedroom. There wasn’t anyone there. He then remembered the shootings. The argument he had with his father. Then it hit him. His father had been shot. He painfully threw his legs over the bedside. He never felt pain like this before. He looked over at his shoulder. It was all bandaged up. “What are you doing?” he looked over at the door to see his mom standing there. “Get back to bed,” she said. “You need to rest!” 
“I’m ok Mom. How’s Dad?” She shook her head. 
“He’s not awake. He lost a lot of blood. The bullet went straight through.” He stood. He was wobbly. 
“How long have I been out?” His mother walked over to him. 
“Just a day. Those people have been hounding the barrier. Lucy and your grandfather have been firing back. They are looking for a weak spot. I’m so worried we’re not going to be safe here for much longer!” he wrapped his arms around his mother. 
“Don’t worry, we’ll deal with them. I was such an idiot to fight with Dad over what he did. They are a threat to us, and we need to just get rid of them. Where are my clothes?” His mom walked into the bathroom and came back. As she handed them to him, Lucy walked in. 
“GREAT, you’re awake. I was so worried.” He saw a bandage on her arm as well. 
“You got hit too?” he asked.
“Just a graze.” She wrapped him in a hug and gave him a kiss. “Get dressed, I have some ideas on how to get rid of these people once and for all!” She turned and left. His mother was shaking her head. 
“I say we just let them be. It’s not worth fighting and getting hurt. We should have just stayed in the cave,” she said.
 “No, we deserve this place and its protection! We’re not going back into hiding. We will teach them what it means to hurt one of us.” he pulled on his shirt and left. 
Lee headed to his parents’ room. As he got to the door, he saw his grandmother sitting on the bed next to his dad. His dad looked pale from the blood loss. “How’s he doing?” Ruth looked his way. She didn’t say anything she just shook her head. He turned and left. He met his mom in the hall.
“Just give her time Lee.” He nodded and headed downstairs. He heard talking as he neared the bottom. He went into the kitchen to see his grandfather and Lucy sitting at the table. In front of her were a few gadgets. 
“Hey Lee, how you feeling?” Earl asked. He pulled out a chair and sat down. 
“Sore grandpa. Very sore!” 
“Lee, here’s what I was telling you about,” she said. “These you have seen before.” She held up some of the small square boundary boxes. “These I just found. They don’t explode they implode. They suck everything in. Dad didn’t test them much.” She laid it down and picked up another one. “These, are mass stun bombs.” He nodded. 
“Those are some cool gadgets, but how do you expect to get close enough to use them?” Lee asked. She looked at him. Then she stood up. 
“With this!” She took something which seemed like a robe off the back of the chair. As she put it on and pulled on the hood, she vanished! Lee quickly stood to his feet. She pulled back the hood and came back into view. “Pretty cool, huh Lee? We can sneak up on them and blast them all to heck!” He walked over to her and took the cloak. 
“How does it work? How long does it last?” She stood back and shook her head. 
“I don’t have any answers. This is the last thing dad started to work on. We will need to test them before we do anything.” He laid the cloak on the table. 
“Well, that’s a start!” he said.
They tested the cloak the next few days. It used the same kind of power source as the barrier, which made Lee a little apprehensive. He didn’t know much about nuclear energy, but he did know that it was dangerous. They had a plan and had come up with a small arsenal.
With the cloak, they could follow them, and find out where they were living. Once they had them all in one place, they would use one of the imploding bombs and get them all at the same time. Lee had major misgivings about this. He was not a mass murderer, but he knew that his family’s safety was more important. They no longer lived in a world that had any kind of society. There was only survival. And if he had to choose, it was going to be his family’s safety over a bunch of renegades. Lucy walked up to him. They had been testing the cloak by going in out of the barrier to the barns. They had witnessed several of the group lootings, but they decided to not hurt them just yet. They wanted to test the cloaks as much as possible. Then, they would surprise the group, face to face. 
Lucy’s hands moved to Lee’s belt. It had been several days since they had last been together. He wanted her just as much, but he stopped her. “Not here!” He took her by the hand and led her down the ladder. 
As they got to the bottom, one of the thugs entered the barn. They both watched as he grabbed some tools from the walls. He didn’t even look up. This made Lee feel very uncomfortable. Then he saw movement. There was someone else with him, standing just yards away. The guy was standing guard. Lee thought this was their chance to see how good the cloak worked. He took Lucy by the hand and led her towards the door. They passed the looting thief, and then they were in the open. The other thug glared straight ahead. He wasn’t watching them. He was looking towards the house. Lee followed his glare, and he saw his grandfather at the barrier edge holding a stun rifle. Lee walked towards the barrier, and as they entered his grandfather jumped. “Shhh, it’s just us! Don’t say anything. Just keep watching.” His grandfather did as he was told. He led Lucy back to the house and once they were inside, he pulled off the cloak picked up a stun rifle.
 As he neared, the goon fired a shot, but the barrier stopped the bullet. He raised his stun rifle aimed and shot. It missed the thug, who ducked. The looter heard the commotion and came out the door of the barn leaving behind his tools. He too shot toward the barrier. Lee fired back. This time, the looters weren’t so lucky. The shot hit him square in the chest. He hit the ground shaking. His buddy rushed over to him, and tried to pull him back into the barn, but to his left, one of those things appeared. He shot, persistently, but it didn’t stop. He backed off and left this buddy. He watched as it tore his buddy apart. 
 “Well, that’s one down!” Lee remarked. The thug heard this and fired another shot their way! Lee’s grandfather had already fired off a shot, but missed the thug who hit the ground in safety. He quickly got to his feet, as another thing approached him. He smacked it with his gun. The thing didn’t flinch. It grabbed the guy and bit into his arm. The guy screamed. Then, Lee pointed as more of the thugs showed up. They shot the thing, which finally hit the ground dead. They watched as the other thugs picked the guy up. He was still screaming holding the bitten arm. They could see blood pouring from the bite. 
“You will get what’s coming to you. You wait and see!” Lee wondered why they had to always say something smart before they left. Earl turned to Lee. 
“Well, that’s two down!” They turned to go back to the house when they saw Darla standing on the porch. As they moved closer she didn’t seem to be sad anymore. 
“What is it, Mom?” Lee asked. She held out her hand. 
“Your father is awake. He’s very weak, but I think he’s going to be ok!” He took her hand and followed her inside. The rest followed too. As they entered the bedroom, he saw his father lying helplessly with his eyes open. 
“What’s going on out there? Your mom said you were fighting some of the rebels?” Lee sat down on the bed. 
“I wouldn’t call it fighting. We got two of them. Well, we shot one and the other was bitten by a thing!” His father nodded. 
“How can you be so selfish and go back to the barn after what happened?” Lee didn’t say anything. He stood up and pulled the hood on. His father watched as he disappeared. “How?” he pulled the hood off. 
“Lucy’s father of course. We’ve been testing them, and today proves they work. We have a plan, and with a few more of her father’s things, we will hit them at their main base. With these, we can sneak in and destroy the whole group. The good thing is, they will never know we are coming!” His father shook his head. 
“You’re not going anywhere, son! We will wait until I’m well, and I’ll go.” Lee shook his head, and before he could say anything his mother stepped in front of him. 
“Enough fighting. Jim, you need to rest. Lee, go get washed up. It’s almost time for dinner.” He nodded as he took Lucy by the hand and led her off.
They headed for the bedroom. “Can you believe him? He still thinks of me as a little kid. Why can’t he just trust me?” He grabbed Lucy by the hand. He pulled off his clothes and helped Lucy with hers. He saw the shock on her face as he turned on the tub. She was the one that usually initiated love making, not him. 
At about half an hour later they heard a knock on the door as they were getting dressed. “Mom said supper is ready,” Sara called. “If you want to eat, you better get to the kitchen.”
“Ok, we’ll be right there.” He giggled and kissed Lucy on the lips. Why is it that we are never early for breakfast, lunch, or supper?” she just giggled.
Chapter Eleven
Jim made good improvement daily. He was up and walking, and the color was coming back into his face. Thanks to Lucy’s father stocking up on medications, he had no visible infection. Lee stood back and watched him eat dinner. He knew that time was slipping away. The group of people had been attacking the barrier pretty much nonstop. He knew something had to be done, and soon. They couldn’t wait for his father to be completely healed. The barrier was made to withstand a lot, but it worried him that the constant attempts by the group would weaken it, or create a weak spot.
He turned and looked at Lucy. She grinned like usual. He walked out through the door, while she followed. They walked to the cellar, she pulled out her remote and opened the door. As the door raised he heard a blast and turned to see a fire burning against the barrier. “Why don’t they just stop?” She asked. He looked at her. “We might act like they are, if it was us out there.” Lee said.
 Lucy shook her head. “No we wouldn’t. I don’t believe that. You and your family have shown nothing but sympathy, and they just want to take what’s ours!” He nodded and entered the cellar. 
“Lucy’s right you know!” Lee jumped. He turned and saw his father standing there. “We would never hurt someone else for food or anything else. Those people could get through the hardship, but no, they have set their sights on what we have. So, it’s my decision to let you two go out and deal with them.” He walked passed them and sat on a chair. He discussed their plan. He asked questions about how they planned on staying safe, and above all, if they were both ready to kill another human being. They both had to think. 
“Dad, it isn’t about taking these people’s lives anymore. It’s all about keeping us safe. They have made it clear that they have no interests in leaving us alone. The only thing they want to do is take this place from us, and probably kill us. We need to protect ourselves and this place, so yes, I am willing to kill them. Not for me, but for everyone else here!” He stared at his son. He then turned to Lucy. 
“Do you feel the same way?” She nodded her head. Jim sat there for a few minutes and finally got to his feet. 
“Ok, get your gear together. You will leave early in the morning. I want both of you to be prepared to kill. Remember the mercy they have shown us. There is no room for a conscience. The battle is between them and us.” With that he turned and left the cellar. Lee turned to Lucy. 
“You know you don’t have to come with me. I’ll be ok by myself. I can follow them and drop the bomb and I’ll be back before you know I’m gone!” He said. She shook her head. She reached into her pocket and pulled out her remote and shut the door. 
“We are in this together. Soon to be man and wife. There is no longer I or you. There is only US!”
 About an hour had passed. Lee woke up with Lucy lying next to him. He looked at his watch. It was late evening. He stood up and got dressed. He walked around again marveling at all the food and supplies. He totally understood why people would want to get in here. With those things out there, it would be hard to stay safe. He heard the back door opening. He figured it was his mom or grandma since they were the only ones that used the basement entrance. He began to walk towards the back. His mother stood in the hydroponics room. “We were wondering where you two snuck off to.” He grinned and walked up to his mom.
“We came to get our stuff together.” His mother snickered. 
“Are you done?” He shook his head no. “Where’s Lucy?” Lee blushed. 
“She’s up front.” His mom saw the look on his face, and didn’t ask any more questions. 
“I just wanted to check on the plants,” She said. “Just look how they are growing!” Lee looked at the bins. She had vegetables growing of all varieties. “If timing is right, we should have fresh veggies for Christmas!” She kissed him on the cheek. “I’ll leave you two to get ready!” She walked out of the room and back through the basement tunnel. He looked at the room. It was just one of the many exciting things in this cellar. He walked back up towards the front. Lucy was still asleep. He marveled at her laying there. Someone he loved. Tomorrow they would venture out on a dangerous mission. 
Lee walked around and found a couple backpacks. He figured they were small enough to hold what they would need. He heard Lucy moan. He looked over to her and saw her eyes open. “What are you doing?” He moved closer to her. 
“I’m getting supplies together.” He leaned in and kissed her. She pulled him down. “I think we need to get our stuff together,” he said. “There will be time for more tonight,” He said. She made a frown, and Lee smiled. She got up and started getting dressed.  Lee watched her. He marveled at how beautiful she was. He walked over to her and gave her a deep kiss. 
“Quit teasing me!” He smiled and took her hand.
“Come on, let’s get what we need, and get back to the house.” Lucy nodded. They spent the next half hour packing. She packed lots of dried fruits and meats for them, along with filter bottles for water. Lee followed her into the room with all the drawers. She pulled out the drawers, and took many electronics. 
“When we get back, we need to make more of these. The plans are on Dad’s computer.” Lee nodded. 
Back in the house everyone was quiet. He saw the flashes from the group outside. They continued their attack. Hopefully, tomorrow they would put an end to it. Lee looked over at his grandma. He saw her looking at him. He knew she wanted to say something. He just didn’t get why she felt the way she did. Why didn’t she understand his feelings for Lucy? She should be happy, with everything going on, he found someone he loved. “Did you two get everything you needed?” He looked at his father.
 “I believe so. We just need to pack a change of clothing, and we’ll be ready to go.” Jim nodded. Darla spoke up. 
 “I don’t think you two should go. It’s way too dangerous out there. We don’t know how many are out there, and we don’t know what kind of weapons they have. Why risk it? The barrier is holding!” Lee looked up at her. 
“Yes, it’s going to be dangerous. We don’t know anything about this group. We do know how dangerous they are, and they will stop at nothing until they take what we have here. We have to put an end to this insanity and stop them while we can. It’s getting colder. We need to do this now. With Lucy’s dad’s tech, we have an edge on them! In addition, Lucy and I wish to make a detour and do some wedding shopping while we’re out there.” His mom gave a moan. She looked at Lucy. 
“What are you planning?” She shrugged her shoulders. 
“I don’t know yet. I thought we would go by old lady Margaret’s shop and see if anything is there.” 
“Oh, she used to do beautiful work. Bring back some material for the rest of us.” Lucy nodded. It made her happy that Lee’s mom liked her. She just wished his grandma would come around. She looked at her, but Ruth didn’t even look up which made Lucy sad. She loved everyone at this table, and they loved her in return. She was sad that Lee and his grandmother was not talking because of her. She loved Lee, why didn’t Ruth see that. Lucy gathered up courage and spoke to Ruth. 
“Is there any special color we can get for you?” she didn’t look up. She kept on eating. “RUTH!” She looked at Lucy. 
 “I don’t give a damn what you do. I won’t be part of this circus!” With that, she got up and left. Everyone watched her go up the stairs. 
“I don’t understand. What did I do?” Lucy asked as Lee hugged her. 
“You didn’t do anything. She’s just set in her ways that’s all.” 
 “That’s right Lucy. This is your day. We are very happy to have you in our family!” She looked up at Darla. 
“Thank you!” Lee, Lucy, and Jim went over the plan again. Jim wished he could go with them. He still hadn’t recovered fully. He would only slow them down. When he felt satisfied, he finally nodded. 
 “I think this is a good plan. You two better get some rest. Or not!” he snickered as he stood up and went back to the kitchen. Lee took Lucy by the hand and up the stairs they went. Before they took one step up, they heard Ruth.
 “Lucy.” They turned to see her standing there. She was thumbing her hands. “I’m ashamed by the way I’ve been acting. I would like something in gold, please.” She turned, and headed to the kitchen. Lucy pushed her way past Lee, and followed. Ruth was crying at the sink. Lucy walked up to her and wrapped her arms around her.  She then turned and took Lee by the hand and they headed for their room.
Lee watched Lucy getting clothes. “I told you she would come around!” She didn’t say anything. He grabbed some clothes and went into the bathroom. He walked over to the jetted tub and started a bath. He was half undressed by the time she showed up. She walked over to him, leaned in and kissed him. She took his clothes and threw them on the floor. 
 “No use putting these on. You will just have to take them back off.” He kissed her deeply.
The next morning Lee woke earlier than usual. He looked out through the windows and saw that the group was still blasting the barrier. He wondered where they were staying, and where they were getting their supplies. He turned to look at the bed. Lucy laid partially uncovered. He marveled at her naked body. He sat back on the bed, and started to get dressed. He chose some warm traveling clothes. He put on two layers of shirts. He knew it would be cold beyond the barrier, and that they were sure to get wet. He walked back to the bed. “Lucy.” She slowly opened her eyes and grinned at him. It just melted his heart when she woke up with a smile. “You better get up, and get dressed. We need to leave before the sun comes up.” He ran his hand down her leg, and back up. 
“You could just come back to bed.” 
“I don’t think that’s a good idea.” He stood up. She sat up on the bed. “See you downstairs.” She nodded to him. He bent down and picked up his knapsack. She watched as he left.
Downstairs, his dad was already sitting at the table. “Did you get any sleep?” he asked. 
“Not much, but it was worth it!” His dad let out a snicker. Lee’s mom was at the stove, she turned and gave them a dirty look. 
“Let’s not talk about that at the table, please!” 
“He started it!” Jim got up and walked over to her. 
“Now that they are leaving, we will have the cellar to ourselves!” 
“Oh, quit it!” Lee watched as his mom smacked his father’s hand away. Lee laughed, which caused both of them to turn around and look at him. 
“Laugh now, just wait until that ring is on her finger. It won’t be like now.” 
“Don’t listen to him Lee!” His parents turned away laughing. Lucy came in the room. Lee leaned in and kissed her. Jim finally came back to the table. 
 “Well, after that morning pleasantry, are you two ready?” The both of them nodded. 
“I think we are. We have everything we need. Hopefully, we won’t be gone but a day or so,” Lee said. His mom walked over to them. 
“You two be safe out there. Use your heads.” Lee reached into his knapsack and pulled out a radio. He handed it to his dad. 
“I’m not sure what the range is on these. They are military grade, and both are on a private frequency.” His dad took the walkie talkie. 
“The first sight of trouble you call!” Jim said. He hugged the both of them. Lee pulled on his jacket and watched as Lucy did the same. They pulled on the cloaks. 
“Dad, open the door and walk out and act like you’re looking around. Just leave the door open.” His dad nodded. He did as he was asked. They came out behind him. 
 They neared the barrier and saw many of the things there. They slipped through. The things didn’t look up. They made their way to the hill and saw the bombs whirl through the air over their heads. They stopped and watched. 
At the top they saw a small group of ten filling up container after container with liquids. They stayed back. The group worked quickly, so there was no break between bombs. Lucy knew they were trying to get a weak spot in the barrier. She watched as the bombs pretty much hit the same spot time after time. She knew that it was useless. There were no gaps in the barrier. The only way to bring it down was from the inside! 
They watched quietly for about an hour. The sun had started to rise. The air was very cool on the outside. Finally, two of the group broke off. They picked up several empty jugs and started down the other side of the hill. Lee and Lucy walked slowly staying several feet behind them. They didn’t want to take any chances of being heard. 
They walked for about an hour until they came upon a camp in the woods. They had set up army tents. They watched as the guards stepped to the side. They rushed in close behind them so they could follow. Lucy and Lee listened and watched. The pair ahead of them stopped by a tanker and started to fill their jugs. Lee couldn’t believe they had a tanker truck filled with fuel! When they were done they both turned and went into a tent. Lee didn’t dare follow inside. He did get close to hear. “These bombs aren’t doing anything to whatever is protecting that place. We are wasting time and resources. We need to just move on,” one of the men said.
“NO! Walker has many inventions in there, and our survival depends on those.” Lucy looked in the tent. She recognized the man. She had seen him several times at the farm. She prayed they were dealing with the army, but she didn’t think so. She believed he worked for another private company that wanted her dad to work for them. Another guy came and started towards the door. She backed off as fast as she could. 
“Wait, maybe we need to just stop for a few days. Let them get comfortable again, and then we’ll bomb the heck out of them,” another said. The guys nodded. 
“So, we’re going back to home base?” the guy nodded. 
“Go tell the rest to come back to camp.” Lee took Lucy by the hand and followed the two guys out of camp. They stopped following them, but instead veered to the right away from the camp. They wanted to get away from them. 
They walked about a mile away, and then sat down. “I think this is bigger than we thought. Who the heck are these people?” He asked. She sat for a few minutes. 
“I recognized one of the guys,” she said. “He tried to get my dad to work for him. He has been at the farm several times. He knows my dad. He knows what’s there.” 
 “Well, let’s just take out as many of them as we can. Maybe we can get the leader, and that could slow things down for a while.” She nodded. 
 “Let’s start with the guys by the house. We’ll trap them with the barrier boxes and throw an imploder bomb in it,” Lee suggested. Once again She nodded. They pulled on their hoods and set off. 
As they neared the hill, the group just finished packing up. They circled them, carefully laying the barrier boxes. As soon as they made a complete circle, they activated them. This got the guys attention. The ones who were foolish enough to get close to the edge were knocked back. They shook on the ground. They all converged holding up their guns. “Who’s there? Let us go now!” Lee took Lucy by the hand. It was now or never. He threw the imploder bomb. He watched as the group stood back. The bomb let out a loud crack and imploded. A few moments later everything inside the barrier trap was gone. Lucy walked up and moved one of the boxes to release the barrier. The bomb was still smoking. 
 “Please God forgive us!” Lee reached out and took her by the hand. 
“We have to do this. If we don’t, then they won’t stop attacking us.” She bent down and picked up the bomb. 
“Let’s bury it.” She bent close to the tree, and used her hands to make a hole. She dropped the bomb and quickly covered it up. She looked around. “It didn’t leave a trace of them.” 
“At least it worked quickly!” They both gathered the barrier boxes. 
“Now, what? The camp?” She asked. Lee nodded. 
“Let’s watch them a little bit more.” Suddenly they heard voices, and turned to see a small group of people walking towards them. They quickly stepped to the side. They barely got out of the way. 
“What the heck is going on? Where did they go?” The people looked all around. 
 “Maybe they went back to camp.” one man suggested.
 “Then how did they get past us?” The others shrugged. 
“Who knows, but they are not here!” The guy who seemed to be their leader stood looking. 
“Let’s get back to camp!” Lee was relieved as they started to leave. He took Lucy by the hand, and they followed them. 
They followed them quietly back to the camp. This time, they didn’t dare enter the camp. They stayed on the outer boundary. They got as close to the leader’s tent as possible. They heard screaming as the guys reported their findings. The guy who appeared to be their leader wasn’t happy. They cringed as the leader shot the guy. They couldn’t see the whole thing, they just heard the shot and saw the guys shadow hit the ground. Lee pulled out some of the boundary boxes. Lucy shook her head no, and pulled him away. They walked away from the camp once more. When they were in the clear, Lucy started to talk. “I don’t think this is wise, we don’t know who he is working for yet. Maybe we should follow them, and see their main base?” Lee stood for a few moments. 
 “You said yourself that he knows what your dad was working on. If we get rid of that camp maybe it will all be over?” She knew he was right. That guy was a threat. 
“Ok, let’s do it!” They started walking back when they saw a huge blast. The blast knocked them off their feet. They looked up and saw a huge cloud over the camp. They quickly got to their feet and rushed back. 
The camp was in ruins. Bodies laid everywhere. They saw several people moving where the leader’s tent was. To their surprise, the tent was barely touched. Whatever happened seemed to have happened on the outer edge of the camp. Lucy grabbed Lee and pulled him back, just in time. A small group of people came into view. 
“Did we get him?” They watched as the group pulled the bodies out of the tent, and the last one pulled out was the leader. 
“We got him!” They turned to leave, dragging the guy with them. 
“Is he dead?” They stopped and checked for a pulse. The guy shook his head yes. The guy in front relayed the message to whoever was on the walkie talkie. They watched as the group continued to walk further into the trees. They followed them at a distance. 
They followed them for several hours until they came to a small farmhouse. Lee stopped and grabbed Lucy by the arm. They watched as the group entered the house still dragging the man. “Who are they?” She looked at Lee. 
“I think that’s the guy that Dad worked for!” Lee stood for a moment letting it sink in.
 “You mean to tell me now; we need to watch out for these people too?” She shrugged her shoulders. 
“I don’t know them!” They stood watching the farm house when finally, the guys came back out. 
“Are you going to come down, or are you just going to stand up there?” Lucy and Lee were surprised. The leader started to walk their way. As he neared, Lucy noticed the glasses he had on. “Lucy, is that you?” She threw back her hood before Lee could stop her. She rushed forward. 
“Uncle Dave!” He wrapped her in his arms. 
“Thank heavens you’re ok my dear! Who’s this with you?” Lee slowly pulled back his hood. She turned and took him by the hand. 
“Uncle Dave, I’d like you to meet Lee. We’re engaged to be married soon!” The guy walked up and held out his hand. Lee shook it. 
“Nice to meet you, young man!” He went back to Lucy. “Come and tell me what you’ve been doing. Haley will be glad to see you!” 
 “She’s here with you?” Lucy asked.
Dave nodded. “We have been watching the farm since you moved in with these people. We have seen that group of people testing the barrier.” He stopped and held out his wrist. “You both have your bands?” They held up their hands. “Great, then let’s go!” They heard the familiar buzz as they stepped inside another barrier.
“Uncle Dave, how is it you have a barrier?” He stopped. 
“It’s a long story, my dear. It came from the same place yours did. Who do you think created these?” He held up the glasses. 
“I’ve been watching you since you left this morning!” He stopped on the porch and opened the door.
Inside, people lined the wall. “Your aunt is in the kitchen. She’ll be glad to know you’re ok!” He pointed to a hallway. Lee watched her leave. 
 “So tell me son, how it is you and your family came to my brother’s farm?” Lee told him the story. Dave sat in his chair and listened. The group of men left a few moments before to check the barrier. “Well Lee, I want to thank you and your family for taking care of my niece. She seems to be very happy.” 
“I love her very much sir, and I’m glad you found us. She thought her whole family was gone. We haven’t been out this far from the farm, especially since those people started to bomb the barrier.” 
“Well Lee, we have to be careful who we trust. People out there are desperate. Those things are killing them. They are starving. You can’t trust any of them.” Lee looked at him. 
 “Can we trust you, sir?” Dave sat watching him. 
 “It’s not a matter of trust with me. I’m Lucy’s family. I just saved your family from attack. You tell me. Do you think I’m a threat to you, especially when your heart belongs to my niece?” Lee thought about the guy’s words. 
Lee stood. “I don’t know what to think anymore.” He said. Lee looked around the house. “Is this your house?” Dave shook his head no. 
“This belonged to my brother too. It was supposed to be a safe house if we couldn’t make it to the farm. We arrived at the farm a few days after you and your family was settled in. So we decided to leave you alone.” He stood up. “Come with me!” 
Lee followed the guy down the stairs to the basement. Just like in their house it had a door with a keypad. The guy pushed a few buttons and the door opened. It led to a cellar. It was all about the same as Lucy’s house. The only difference was the size. 
 “My brother was a fabulous man; he was a genius. The day he started to work with the army to build his inventions was one of his greatest accomplishments. He made sure that his family was protected.” Lee saw the sadness in his eyes. “So, I’m assuming my brother is dead?” Lee nodded. 
“We found him and his wife in the woods.” Lee saw Dave’s eyes tear up. 
“He was a special brother. I expected him to be the last one to go!” 
“Lucy has told me a great deal about him. He was a genius in creating all of this stuff.” Dave turned and looked at Lee. 
 “Do you love her?” he asked.
“With my whole being. She saved me and my family from certain death. She is my life now!” Dave stood looking at him. Finally, he held out his hand. 
“I’m glad she’s found you! I hope you invite us to the wedding!” Lee shook Dave’s hand. 
“Lee!” He turned around to see her standing there with a gorgeous lady. “This is my aunt!” The lady rushed forward and wrapped him in a hug. 
 “Thank you for taking good care of Lucy, and I hear congratulations is in order!” She stepped back and took him by the shoulders. “Well, one thing is for certain. You are handsome!” She stepped back with Lucy. “Dinner is almost done. You will be staying?” 
“Of course, we will. Uncle Dave did what we set out to do. After we got rid of them we were headed to the dress shop to get supplies for the wedding.” Dave looked at them both. 
“It’s mostly clear over there. I think you will be ok. You can use one of our vehicles if you want?” Lee thought for a moment. 
“I think we’ll just walk. We want some time away from the family.” Dave nodded. 
 “Well come on then. It’s settled. You will have dinner with us, and spend the night. You can be on your way in the morning.” Lee looked at Lucy. He could see she was so excited about finding relatives. 
“Ok, sounds like a plan.” He pulled out his walkie talkie. “I need to call home, and tell my father what’s going on.” Dave nodded. 
“Just go back up to the point where I met you. You shouldn’t have any trouble getting through.” Lee nodded. Lucy took him by the hand. 
“I’ll go with you.” She still had her pack on her back. Dave and his wife watched as they left. 
“I’m so glad she’s ok, and that she’s not alone. I think Lee will make a good husband.” Dave nodded. 
They climbed the hill. He once again pulled out the walkie talkie and called home. His father was very apprehensive about the people. Lee explained how Dave helped them take out the group. On the walk back to the farm Lee hugged Lucy. He knew she was so happy, and he was really excited to get to know her family. They had dinner. They met some of Lucy’s uncle’s men. Lee thanked them for helping them out. Of course, Lucy’s uncle and aunt set up different rooms for them. Lee kissed Lucy goodnight and entered his room. It would be a long night without her.
Chapter Twelve
Lee opened his eyes. He looked out the small windows and saw the sun already up. He quickly got up and got dressed. As he went down the steps he could hear voices. As he entered the kitchen he saw Dave and his men. Dave looked up. “Well, good morning! Lucy is out with her aunt.” Dave pointed to the door. Lee got the message. Dave didn’t want him in here. Lee walked outside. He spotted Lucy’s aunt at a pen. He slowly walked towards her. As he got close he saw that they had chickens. 
“Well, good morning. Lucy is gathering the eggs for me.” He stood a few minutes and she appeared out of the side door. She walked over to him and gave him a kiss. 
“You slept in a little today?” Lee nodded. 
“Guess I needed the extra sleep!” he said. She looked at him. 
“Is something wrong?” Lee looked at her. 
“Your uncle couldn’t wait to get me out of the house!” She took him by the hand. “He did to us the same way. He’s having a morning meeting.” Lucy’s aunt walked over to him. 
“Don’t take it personally. He doesn’t mean anything by it. It’s just less distracting, and we aren’t used to having guests.” 
“I understand. So, where did you get chickens?” She looked up. 
“We raised them from eggs. Don’t you have chickens? It was part of the package.” Lee looked at Lucy. 
“I told you there were things you haven’t seen yet,” She said.
As they walked back to the house, the guys exited. Dave was sitting on the chair. “Lee, I know you want to leave soon. I’d like to talk to your dad. What do you think of us taking a trip back to your farm? Then, you and Lucy can leave this afternoon.” He was taken aback by his request.  Lucy stepped forward. 
“Why don’t we meet for the holidays? Let’s give Lee and his family time to get used to having other people around.” Lucy looked at her uncle.
“That sounds like a plan.” He got up and walked back inside. Lee didn’t know what to make of her uncle. He seemed strange. He seemed like a guy with an agenda. 
“Well, come on you two. Let’s have some breakfast. We’ll start planning your trip.” Lee took Lucy by the hand and led her inside. Her uncle was sitting at the table already with a map. 
 “Not at the table Dave!” Lucy’s aunt said. He folded the map and looked up at them. 
“Ok, well, let’s eat.” Everyone sat down as she served breakfast. The fresh eggs were much better than the powder stuff they had been using. After breakfast, Dave led them into the study. He unfolded the maps. He had already plotted a route for them. “If you follow this route, you shouldn’t have any trouble. There are a few pods of scavengers here and here.” He pointed closer to town.  “If you follow this path, you won’t have any problems,” he repeated. He showed them again. Lee felt a little uneasy. He felt like Dave was hiding something, and just telling them to stay to the path. “You’re more than welcome to take one of our vehicles. It will make getting your supplies much easier.” 
 “That would be great Uncle Dave.” Lee watched as Lucy gave him a kiss on the cheek. 
 “Then it’s settled!” Dave looked at Lee and smiled. “I hope you know what you’re getting into marrying into this family!” Lee forced himself to grin, and nodded. He watched as Dave rolled up the map, and handed it to Lucy. 
 Early in the afternoon they were packed and ready to be on their way. Lee called and told his father they were moving on. Jim was still worried about this new group of people. Lee had his doubts. There was something strange about the way Lucy’s aunt and uncle acted. Dave was secretive. Lee understood the feeling after dealing with the children and the group of renegades. Maybe trust would come with time. They climbed into the vehicle and said their final goodbyes. They had hoped to only be gone a few days, but for Lucy, leaving her family was bitter sweet.
They drove quietly. Neither said a thing. It drove him crazy. He had many questions, but he knew he had to be sensitive. He didn’t know how to say the things he was thinking without hurting her. He decided to keep his thoughts to himself for now. They drove until late afternoon. He stopped the vehicle to have a look at the map. Up ahead was their first stop point. Dave had said it would be best to stop midday as to not get caught out in the open. They drove up to the house. He remembered being inside this house as a young boy. “Well, our first stop!” She looked over at him. 
“What’s wrong?” she asked. Lee didn’t know how to answer her question. 
“Nothing!” he climbed out of the vehicle, and headed towards the house. “Let’s make sure its secured first, then we’ll get a fire going.” She followed him. The house was totally deserted, with just a few broken windows on the lower level. They climbed the stairs and looked at the bedrooms. They picked the biggest. Lucy went into the bathroom and tried the water. It ran, but was cold. 
 “Well, no hot bath tonight!” Lee walked over to her and kissed her deeply. 
“We’ll survive! Let’s get the barrier up and working so we can rest and get something to eat!” Lucy nodded. 
Outside they positioned the barrier boxes. Within minutes they had a temporary barrier. Lucy placed the bag of food on the table. “What are we having?” He walked over to her and looked at the bag. He wrapped his arms around her. “I know what I want!” She squirmed. She turned and looked at him. 
“Me too, but right now let’s get something to eat!” He stood back and nodded. He wasn’t use to getting the cold shoulder. Any other time, it would be her that initiated intimacy. He put the thought out of his mind. 
He wandered through the house looking around, while she made lunch. He was right, he had known these people. They weren’t close friends, but his family did see them often. Lee heard Lucy come into the room. “Lunch is ready.” She turned and went back into the kitchen. He now knew something was wrong, but what? He slowly went back into the kitchen. She had already set the table, including two plates of food. She had her head down. Lee pulled out his chair and sat down. 
“What’s going on?” She started to cry. He scooted his chair close to hers and held her. After a few minutes she looked at him. 
“I think I’m pregnant!” Lee felt overwhelmed! He was so excited. 
“I’m so sorry!” She wailed. He lifted her head and looked her in the eyes. 
“Why are you so sad?” He looked at her misty eyes. He didn’t understand. 
“Because I know you wanted to wait. If you don’t want to get married now, I’ll understand. I can move in with my uncle and aunt.” She sobbed some more. He took a moment to pick the right words. He wanted this moment to be one of those memories they would look upon in years to come. 
“You’re greatly mistaken. You just made me one of the happiest men in the world!” He leaned in and kissed her. “All I’ve ever wanted was for us to be a family, and for you to have my children!” She wiped her tears. He kissed her again. “Let’s eat. We’ll talk more later. I’m so happy!” Lucy brightened up. 
Lee didn’t understand why she felt like he would desert her, but he guessed these notions came from her uncle and aunt. He didn’t know how to explain it, but he had a bad feeling about them. A lot of things didn’t make sense.
After lunch, they took a walk around. They found four graves by the barn. They guessed it was the last owners. Lee thought a lot about becoming a father. He couldn’t help but smile when the thought came into his mind. Lucy was more herself now. He knew that her uncle and aunt had planted the thought of him leaving her. 
Halfway back to the house, she stopped. “Are you sure this is what you want?” she rubbed her belly. Lee got close and looked her in the eyes. 
“I have thought of nothing else all day. I can never put into words the happiness I feel at this moment,” He kissed her, “but there is something that’s been bothering me, and I don’t mean to hurt you, especially after just finding your uncle and aunt.” Lucy looked at him. 
“Well, ask me!” Lee thought for a moment. 
“Where did the thought of me running off after I found out about the baby come from? Because I know you, and I know after the days, weeks, months, we have spent together you know me. You know how much my family and you mean to me!” She stood for a moment. 
“It was Uncle Dave. He told me you would run off and find another girl now that I was pregnant. He said that you were just using me.” Lee took a step back. He had known the answer. He just didn’t understand why. 
“Why would he say such a thing? He doesn’t know me; he doesn’t know what we have been through. I think your uncle has an agenda, and I believe there’s something at the farm he wants.” Lucy didn’t say anything. Lee watched her. 
“I know what he wants.” She started to cry. Lee took her in his arms. 
“Tell me! What is he after?” 
“He wants what is in the cellar. He and Dad hadn’t talked for a few months. Uncle Dave became obsessed with Dad’s inventions.” She held out her hand. “Our bands are universal, and will let us in any barrier, but his won’t let him into ours. Dad changed the frequency. He was afraid Uncle Dave would start stealing from him, and the computer in the cellar has all of Dad’s plans. Anyone could make his inventions with those plans. With things the way they are, he would become very powerful. That’s why Dad pushed him away. I’m so sorry, I wanted to tell you, but I didn’t know how. I was so happy to learn they were alive.” She started to cry again. 
 “It’s ok, I knew he was trouble. He wouldn’t have asked us to leave the other morning at his meeting otherwise. He’s planning something,” Lee said.
They walked back to the house. They could hear the smacking coming from up over the ridge. It would soon be dark, and those things would be coming out. Lee’s mind wandered. He worried about Lucy’s family. He knew they were just using her to get what they wanted. “So, what do you think we should do?” Lee asked. She stopped. 
“I don’t know. He knows he can’t get into the property. He doesn’t have the codes to get into the cellar. We will be safe inside our barrier. It just saddens me we all can’t be happy together.” 
“It’s ok, you have a family that loves you, and you have a soon-to-be-husband that loves you more than anything. The baby you’re carrying will give us new hope for a future, and we’ll protect you with our last breath.” She took him by the hand and led him into the house. She was so happy. She knew he would never leave her, but she was saddened that she believed the lies her uncle planted into her head.
The next morning Lee woke and looked out the windows. Just like home, the boundary was littered with the things. He looked back at the bed. Lucy was still sleeping. His heart ached for her family’s betrayal. He wished he was back on their own farm, so he could talk with his father. He picked up the walkie talkie and started out the door. “I wouldn’t say anything about my family. I’m sure he’s monitoring us,” Lucy said. Lee nodded. 
“I’ll let them know we’re ok, and that we’ll be back soon!” Lucy rolled back over. He left the room and headed down the stairs. 
Outside, he pushed the talk button. “You there Dad?” The radio crackled. 
“Yes son, I’m here.” He thought for a moment. He wished he could tell him everything. 
“Just wanted to let you know we’re ok. We’ll be back in a few days. Stay safe, and don’t feel sorry for anyone, and I mean ANYONE!” He hoped his father got the message. 
“We’re fine son. You and Lucy be safe out there.” Lee heard the door open. Lucy laid her bag on the porch floor. She had the map in her hands. 
“I think we should steer clear of this route! Let’s go through the meadow here.” Lee looked at the map, and he saw what she was thinking. Her uncle’s route would have put them two days out of their way. 
“You’re right, let’s get going.” He helped Lucy gather the barrier boxes. They loaded the vehicle, and set out on their way.
They took a different route. The road was totally clear, unlike what Lucy’s uncle had said. He felt so bad for her. He just knew she was disheartened. To have family use you get what they want was terrible. Lee was happy that she knew she was being used. They rumbled on for a few hours. Finally, they came to the outskirts of the town. He saw the shop up ahead. “Looks clear! Let’s go on.” 
They pulled up to the shop. A couple of the things were close by. Lee pulled out the pulse rifle and shot both. “We need to be careful on the inside. Let’s make sure it’s all clear, then we’ll set up the barrier boxes.” Lucy nodded. 
The inside of the shop was ransacked. The shop was in ruin. “I thought Uncle Dave said this place was untouched?” Lee kicked stuff out of his way. 
“Maybe this was just done, another one of his games?” Lucy had thought the same. They walked through the place and then went back outside. 
It didn’t take a few minutes to get the barrier up. Lee pulled the vehicle on the inside. “Now we’ll be safe.” They walked back inside looking at the place. “I think we can still salvage some stuff.” Lucy picked up a roll of fabric. 
“Yes, most of it is still good.” She placed the roll on a nearby table. They worked for a few hours. They had a large pile of supplies. 
“I think we have everything.” Lee looked at the huge pile. 
“I hope!” Lucy giggled. 
 “Let’s walk around the neighborhood and look around.” Lucy took him by the hand. She pulled out a barrier box. “Clip this on your belt, and turn it on. Just in case.” Lee did as he was told. 
“I didn’t realize they worked like that!” Lee exclaimed. She kissed him. 
“I have many secrets to share with you,” she said. 
They went back outside. There wasn’t much there except for a few houses. They went from house to house, looking at each one. Lee wondered what it would be like to be on their own, away from everyone else, and living like husband and wife. The last house intrigued Lee. It was one of the fanciest houses here. When they stepped inside they marvelled at the place. It was huge. 
“Must have been rich people,” Lee commented. Lucy nodded. 
They strode through the place. Lee looked out on the kitchen patio, and saw a huge vehicle covered with a tarp. “Look!” Lucy came over and looked out. Lee opened the door and stepped out. He walked up to the vehicle and grabbed the tarp. He gave a good tug and it came off. He stood back and marveled at the size of it. “Let’s go back in and look for the key!” He took Lucy by the hand and led her back inside. 
Lee found a set of keys by the front door. “I bet it’s on here!” 
They walked back out to the patio. Lee opened the door, and he was immediately grabbed. The thing was waiting for them. It smacked it jaws, trying to tear into his flesh. He struggled with it. He tried to push it off, but he couldn’t. Its skin just ripped off. Lucy took her pulse rifle off her back, walked up to the thing and tried to help Lee push it off. 
“Just shoot it!” Lucy took a step back and fired. 
It stopped moving, but Lee too, was shot. Lucy rolled the thing off him. Lee had a weird look on his face. He didn’t move at all. Lucy looked around. She threw the rifle back on her shoulder, grabbed him by the hands and dragged him back into the kitchen. She closed and locked the patio doors. She watched him. He was motionless. His eyes didn’t blink. She giggled and bent down to his ears. 
“I should rip your clothes off!” She stood back up. 
Lucy walked through the house again. Upstairs, the bedrooms were huge. She marveled at the silk sheets and bedding. She opened the closets looking for spares. It looked like paradise to her. The walk-in closet had some of the fanciest clothes she’d ever seen. She started to pile bedding on the bed. She looked through the drawers, and pulled out some under clothes. She found several suitcases and started to pile them full.
Lucy piled three cases as full as she could get them. She heard a scuffing coming up the stairs. She walked out and looked down. She saw Lee trying to pull himself up. 
“Look who’s finally awake.” He looked up, and tried to speak, but nothing came out. The effects of the pulse gun still hadn’t worn off completely. She went down beside him and helped him to the bed and, slowly sat him down. She could tell by the look on his face he wasn’t happy. She looked around the room. There were several more things she’d like to take. Lucy picked up the suitcases, and headed back downstairs.
Lucy walked over to the living room and looked around. She looked back at the suitcases she had filled and grinned. She had taken many of the fancy clothes. She felt like she was on a shopping trip. Then she heard a rattling. She turned to the patio door to see another thing which smacked it jaws. Lucy put her hands to her ears. She hated the sound. 
“It’s not going away you know,” Lee called. “I see you’ve helped yourself,” he added, pointing to the suitcases.
“Well, look who’s walking.” She watched him hold the rail as he descended. He was still wobbly. 
“That thing sure has a punch to it,” he said. Lucy giggled. 
 Lee watched her looking around the place. He too marveled at the size of the place and at the wealth these people must have had. Everything here was of the best quality. “This would be a nice place to have a honeymoon!” Lucy jerked back around and looked at him. 
“But, who knows what shape it will be in when we come back!” Lee walked over to her. 
“Let’s get rid of that thing, and check out the RV,” Lee said.
“Why are you so interested in that thing?” Lucy asked. Lee stood for a moment looking at her.
“Well, I thought it might be a good place for the two of us when we’re finally married.” Lucy’s jaw dropped. 
“Really?” she ran over to him, and kissed him. “Some privacy! We’ll never get a meal!” She giggled and picked up her rifle. 
“Well, that thing isn’t going to leave on its own.” Lee smiled. He picked up his rifle and walked to the door. 
The thing smacked its jaws even faster now that they were closer. Lee slid the door open, and Lucy pulled the trigger. The blast hit the thing square in the chest. It hit the ground. “Well, that was easy,” she said. 
Lee took her by the hand. He pulled the ring of keys from his pocket and opened the door. They both climbed up in the RV. They marveled at the elegance of the vehicle. It was like an apartment. 
“Totally self-contained. Of course, we’d have to use a different power source, but….” Before he could finish Lucy grabbed him and forced him down on the couch. 
Lee awoke late in the afternoon. Lucy laid next to him. He couldn’t take his eyes off of her. He looked at her belly. He couldn’t believe that his first child was growing inside her. He felt a connection to it. He couldn’t explain it, but he already loved this unborn child more than anything in his life. He bent down and kissed her belly. He got up and pulled on his pants and socks. He walked through the rest of the RV which was huge. He walked back up front to see Lucy pulling on her clothes. 
“Well, could we call this home?” he asked. She looked up at him. 
“Well, it’s already been christened, so I don’t see why not!” Lee sat down in the driver’s seat and turned the switch, and it roared to life. The fuel gauge was full. 
“If we pack everything in here, we can make one trip home! There’s plenty of space,” Lee said.
“What about the other vehicle?” Lucy asked. 
“I don’t know, but we’ll figure it out.” Lee opened the door, and there stood Lucy’s uncle. 
“Glad I found you two!” Dave said. Lucy came up to Lee. 
“What’s going on Uncle Dave?” Lucy asked.
“Just come with us. We all need to have a chat!” Dave replied. Lucy looked over at Lee. They both did as they were told, and got out of the RV. There were two of Dave’s men standing next to him. “Let’s go inside.” Dave turned and went inside. He waited for Lucy and Lee to enter. He sat down at the table and motioned for them to do the same.
“First off, I’m glad you two are ok. There’s been an obscene amount of those things today. I see you’ve found some useful things here and also at the dress shop. So you’ll be on your way home soon?” Lucy looked over at Lee. 
“Yes, we’ll pack up and be on our way in a while. We were going to call you about your vehicle. We have decided to take the RV.” Lee watched the expression on Dave’s face. 
“That’s a good idea taking it.” He turned to Lucy. “I need to get into your father’s workshop. Our grid is failing, and I need some supplies. I’m afraid the core is burning out.” Lucy looked at him. She knew he was lying. The cores her father used had unlimited power. She knew what he wanted. He wanted to get to her father’s plans. Every single invention was on her father’s computer. Lucy looked over at Lee. Lee nodded to her. 
“Shouldn’t be a problem, Uncle Dave.” She played stupid. She was sure he didn’t know how involved she was in her dad’s work. “There’s plenty of stuff there! Junk all over the place.” 
“Ok, well then. Let’s get you two packed up, and be on our way.” Dave stood up. 
“I have one request sir,” Lee said. Dave looked over at Lee. 
“And?” he asked. 
“Well, since we have had trouble with visitors lately, it might be a good idea for you to come alone and talk to my father first.” Lucy thought Lee was a genius. 
“Well, that sounds fine, but I have a question for you. What business is it of yours who goes to the farm? It’s not your property boy,” Dave said. 
“It’s my families, and Lucy’s,” Lee replied. Dave looked over at Lucy. 
“What do you think?” Lucy saw the fire in her uncle’s eyes. 
“I’m grateful for what you did for us, but I agree with Lee. It might be best for you to meet with his father first.” Dave sat back down. Lucy knew he had a temper. They had to play it cool with him. They didn’t want to do anything to anger him more. 
“Ok, we’ll do it your way,” Dave said. He got up and left the house. The two guys followed him. Lucy got close to Lee. 
“We can’t let him on our farm,” she whispered. Lee nodded. 
“He won’t get that far,” Lee said. “He will need one of our bands to enter. Take yours and modify the frequency. Make it so it won’t work. Go to the bedroom upstairs.” Lucy nodded. She climbed the stairs. Lee turned and picked up the suitcases. When he exited the house Dave and his two guys were close together talking. They spread out when they saw him coming. Dave walked over to Lee. 
 “How much more does she have?” he asked Lee.
 “She has one more,” Lee answered. “She went to use the bathroom. She said she’d grab it when she was done.” About that time, Lee heard the door shut behind them. Dave watched as Lucy approached carrying the third case. 
“Well, let’s get it packed and get going. We’ll stop by the dress shop next.” Lee and Lucy climbed up in the RV. Lee sat in the driver’s seat and started it. He watched as Dave and his men pulled out. Lee gave the RV some gas and they lurched forward. 
When they got back to the dress shop, Dave’s men were already carrying out the supplies. Lee hit the brakes and opened the door. One after the other, the men carried the stuff on-board. They watched Dave as he stood with his arms crossed while he watched his men do the work. They knew he wasn’t happy. 
When everything was on board, Dave stepped up in the RV. “I’ll need one of your bands.” Lucy pulled hers off and handed it to him. He took it with a look of triumph. He turned and stepped back down the steps. He motioned for his men and then turned back to Lucy. “Lucy I’m sorry, but you won’t be going back to the farm. I need your father’s plans, and I need you to get them for me!” Lee hit the gas pedal. The RV lurched forward. Dave’s men dove out of the way. Lee saw him lying on the ground. Lucy sat down behind Lee. 
 “Do you think we can beat him back to the farm?” she asked. Lee shook his head. 
“This vehicle is quite large, but we should have a good head start.” Lee pushed it to the floor and the RV stormed forward. 
They were almost back to her uncle’s farm when the first vehicle came into view. “Here they come, get a pulse rifle and go to the back. Try to slow them down,” Lee told Lucy. Lucy grabbed her gun and ran to the back. Lee watched as blast after blast shot out. Lucy left a pile of the things in the middle of the road. Lee watched as they swerved left and right to miss the shots. Lee looked down over the bank at the farm. He saw the rest of Dave’s men running to an old truck. He knew if he didn’t make it back to their farm, there would be heck to pay.
Lee continued to watch as Lucy fired upon their pursuers. Lee looked at the road. They were close to the farm, but he also saw the three vehicles gaining on them. Lee tried to push the pedal down further, but it didn’t have anything else to give. He saw Lucy coming back up front. “I can’t hit any of them,” she said. Then, “Oh, we’re almost back!” Lee looked out his windows to see Dave screaming at them. 
 “Stop, now son, or we’ll shoot.” He had a gun pointed at them. Lee screamed for Lucy to get down. Lee pulled the wheel toward Dave and his men, making them go into the ditch. It didn’t stop them, but it gave them a few more minutes. Lee saw the farm barns come into view. 
 “We’re almost there,” before he could finish his sentence he felt the steering change. “They shot out a tire! Hold on!” he yelled. Lee swerved again so they had to go off to the side. Shots rang out. 
 Lee saw the house come into view. He pushed the pedal down again. Lee watched as the vehicles once again came up beside them and aimed for the tires. He swerved again and again. Lee jerked the wheel and headed the RV down over the bank. This gave him a direct shot for the boundary. 
They pounded down the side of the hill. Lee could see his family standing on the porch. They were so close now. Lee saw the outline of the boundary as he got closer. With one last attempt to get away, he slammed on the brakes. As he did he saw a flash behind them as one of the vehicles slammed into the back of the RV. He pushed down the gas again, and they lurched forward. Lee watched as the other two vehicles raised their weapons as they rolled onto the property. 
Chapter Thirteen
Lee stomped on the brakes. He couldn’t believe they had made it. He also couldn’t believe Dave shot at them knowing that Lucy was inside. Lee stood up and looked at her. “Are you ok?” he asked. He could tell she was scared, but she finally nodded. Lee opened the door and stepped out. His dad was already standing there. 
“What the heck is going on?” Lee shook his head. 
“Lucy’s uncle. He wants stuff off his brother’s computer. He’s dangerous dad.” They watched as the remaining vehicles pulled up to the barrier. 
 “That won’t protect you now!” Dave held up his band. “Lucy gave me her band. I can now enter as easily as you. Take each other’s hands guys.” Lee watched as they all joined hands. Lucy came up beside Lee. 
“How stupid do you think I am Uncle?” Dave stopped. “I remember the fights between you and Dad. He gave you everything, including the ability to keep your family safe, and you betrayed him! You will never step a foot on this farm, or get Dad’s plans.” Lee wrapped his arms around her. “Go away now before someone gets hurt!” Dave looked confused. He looked down at the band. 
“You changed the frequency! You little….” He didn’t get to finish. Lee blasted him with the rifle. He fell to the ground shaking. 
“I suggest you all take your boss and get back to your own place before I blast each of you, and leave you for those things!”
They watched as the men picked up Dave and carried him to the vehicle. They sped off towards their farm. Lee wrapped Lucy in a huge hug! 
He turned and looked at his family. “I’m afraid we have a new enemy. A powerful enemy. An enemy that knows what this place hides, and he wants its secrets.” Lee stepped up into the RV and started to hand out bags. 
“Stop, don’t take any of that in the house. We need to make sure there isn’t anything in those boxes!” Lucy yelled. Everyone sat the supplies on the ground. One by one, they searched the boxes. Lee handed the very last one to Lucy. 
“What are we looking for?” Lee asked. Lucy pulled back a couple rolls of felt, and she saw it. There in the bottom. 
“There’s only one thing that can bring down this barrier, and that is a huge blast from the inside!” She stepped back. “We have to get that out of here NOW!” she yelled. Lee picked up the box, and carefully walked over to the edge. 
“Is it safe to take it out?” Lucy shook her head. 
“I don’t know!” Then she got an idea. She grabbed her bag and pulled out the barrier boxes. “Maybe we can contain the blast?” Lee put the box on the ground. Lucy walked around the box placing the barriers. “Everyone needs to get in the cellar until this is over!” They all turned to go when a loud voice came from the box. 
 “Lucy my dear. How naïve do you think I am?” She stopped and listened. She turned and hit the button to open the cellar door. 
 “Uncle, you don’t have to do this; you have what you need. Don’t be selfish and hurt innocent people!” 
“I’m sorry Lucy, but I need those plans. You have one hour to give me what I want or I’ll set off the bomb. We both know it will disable the barrier. One way or another I’ll get what I want.” 
Lucy stepped back. “Let’s go! We’ll be safer in the cellar.” Lee nodded turned and ran to the cellar. Lucy looked at the little barrier. She hoped with all hope that it contained the bomb’s blast. She looked around. She saw several men on the ridge. She turned and started walking back to the cellar. 
As she entered, she saw Sara and Lee’s grandparents sitting on the floor. “Why don’t you just give him what he wants?” Lucy looked down at Ruth. 
“If he gets what he wants, no one on this earth will be safe. I have an idea.” They watched as Lucy walked to the back. She opened the door leading to the power room, and went inside. She looked at the grid. Maybe, if she could shut it down at the right moment, the blast wouldn’t disrupt it. She flipped through the pages on the screen. 
“What are you doing?” Lucy turned to see Lee standing there. 
“I think I have an idea. If we shut down the barrier at the right moment, the blast shouldn’t disrupt it. The barrier boxes should contain most of the blast. Then, we can bring it back online. It will take it a few minutes to get back up to power, but I think if we time it right, we can beat Uncle Dave!” 
 “Are we safe in here?” Lee asked. Lucy nodded. 
 “This cellar is protected by its own grid. Nothing can penetrate the walls. Both doors will need to be closed.” Lee ran back out. His mother, and father were still in the house. Lee found his parents packing clothes. 
“Come on, time is almost up! Lucy has a plan!” Lee turned around and ran back down the stairs. He looked around the house. He hoped that it survived. He heard his parents come down the stairs. “Hurry!” they all rushed down the basement stairs. They got to the tunnel door, and had just closed it when the ground shook. Lee’s parents dropped everything and ran to the cellar. 
 Lee found Lucy at the main controls. “Did it work?” Lucy looked at the screens. 
“I think so. The boxes contained most of the explosion.” Lee turned around and left. He found his family up front. 
“Is everyone ok?” he asked. Everyone nodded. Lucy came up behind him. 
“The barrier is back up, thank goodness. I see Uncle Dave and his men already on the hill. We should wait until the smoke dissipates.” 
“What about the house?” Darla asked. Lucy turned and looked at Darla. 
“It’s still standing. I can’t tell how much damage it sustained. We’ll get to look in a while,” Lucy replied. Darla walked over to Lucy and hugged her. 
“Thank you for protecting us!” Darla sat back with the rest of the family.
Lucy and Lee went back to the control room and looked at the cameras. The smoke was dissipating at a slow rate. “I think we’ll be ok if we go through the house exit.” Lee nodded. 
Lee went back to his family. “Lucy, and I will be going to check on things. We’re going through the house exit. If everything is safe, we’ll come back and get you.” Lee’s father stood up. 
“I want to go too,” Jim said. Lee shook his head. 
“I think you should stay here. Just in case things are not ok. You’re the only one that can protect the others.” Jim took a step back and finally nodded. 
“Ok, I will stay, but be careful out there!” Jim said. Lee turned and ran to Lucy. She reached up and punched in the door code. The door opened and they went in, she closed the door behind them. As they went through the tunnel they began to smell the smoke. 
 “Ugg, I didn’t think we would smell it down here.” Lucy covered her nose. As they came upon the basement door they saw all the stuff Lee’s parents dropped. Lee pushed it all out of their way. “Well, here goes nothing!” She pressed the keypad. The door opened. Little smoke embraced them. 
“Well, that’s a good sign,” Lee said as he went through the door and headed for the stairs. 
“Stop!” Lee turned around and looked at Lucy. She walked over to the shelves against the wall and picked up two of the pulse rifles. “Just in case!” Lee took his and started up the stairs. As they got to the top, they saw several windows blown out. Other than that the house looked like it wasn’t damaged. Lee opened the kitchen door and they stepped out onto the porch. 
“Thank goodness the barrier boxes sustained the blast.” Lee grabbed Lucy and gave her a deep kiss. He waved at Lucy’s uncle who was on the ridge with his gang of men. They walked around the yard. There was very little damage. “Is the barrier working?” Lee asked. Lucy stopped. 
“Listen.” He stopped and listened. He heard the familiar hum. They both heard a roar of the vehicles. They looked at the ridge and saw Dave and the guys speeding towards them. “He thinks he’s done it, and the barrier is down!” 
They watched as they drew closer. The first vehicle smashed into the barrier and exploded. The guys inside screamed and were on fire. They both watched as the others came to a stop, just outside the barrier. Her uncle got out of his vehicle and walked over to the barrier. Lee and Lucy watched him. He looked at his guy on fire, and shook his head. Finally, he turned to them. 
“That guy’s life is on your hands! You killed him!” Lee stepped forward. 
“No, Sir, you killed him. You thought we were stupid, and didn’t know you were crooked. Thank goodness Lucy knew what kind of man you were!” 
“You little brats. I should have killed you when I had a chance! This isn’t over. Sooner or later I will get what I want, and there’s nothing you can do to stop me.” Lucy stepped forward. 
 “Dave, please! Listen to me. Stop this!” Dave turned his back. Lucy raised her rifle. 
“Go ahead my dear niece. Shoot me in the back. Maybe you have the guts. Unlike your mother and father!” Lucy dropped her rifle. She couldn’t say a word. Lee stepped forward and raised his own rifle. 
“You killed your own brother? You are much sicker than I had thought,” Lee said. He put his arms around Lucy. 
“Go ahead you little brat. You will get what’s coming to you. Very soon!” Dave jumped on his vehicle and motioned for his guys to follow him.  They sped off back up over the ridge.
Lee took Lucy by the shoulders. “He will pay for what he’s done.” She looked up at him. 
“I know he will. He has no idea what my father has here. I will wipe him and his goons off the face of this earth.” Suddenly, she grabbed her belly. 
“What’s wrong?” Lee looked down and saw blood running down her legs. 
“The baby!” Lucy hit the ground. Lee picked her up and rushed her back to the house. He laid her on their bed. He ran down the stairs and into the basement. He opened the tunnel door and once again ran to the other door. His hands were shaking so badly he had trouble punching in the code. Finally, the door creaked open. 
“Mom! Grandma! Lucy needs you.” He saw his family running towards the door. 
 “What’s wrong son?” He started to cry. He looked up at his mom. 
 “I think she lost the baby!” His mother gasped and pushed him out of the way. Ruth followed her. “She’s in our room.” 
Lee’s father took him by the shoulders. “Why didn’t you tell us she was pregnant?” Lee shook his head. 
“Things have been so crazy. We just found out. Dad, Dave admitted to killing Lucy’s parents. He killed his own brother. He caused Lucy to lose my child!” Lee hit his knees.
It took Lee an hour or so to pull himself back together. He felt such a loss, and he didn’t know how to control his anger. He felt such deep hate for Lucy’s uncle now. His father and grandfather were standing close by. Lee walked into the side room. He pulled open the drawers. He stuffed the boxes into the nearby bag. He took several pulse rifles off the wall, and slung them onto his back. “What do you think you’re doing?” He turned around to see his grandmother. 
 “I’m going to make that man pay for what he’s done. He’s murdered two innocent people, and caused Lucy to lose the baby! I’m going to put an end to him before he hurts anyone else I love.” His grandmother stepped forward and hugged him. 
“Calm down, Lucy is fine, and I believe the baby is too.” Lee looked at her. 
“It’s ok?” Ruth nodded her head. 
“For now, but she needs rest, and lots of it.” Lee grabbed his grandma. 
“Thank you!” Lee turned and ran all the way through the tunnel. He skipped steps to the bedroom. Lucy laid on one side. Lee’s mom was sitting on the other side. She slowly got up, and motioned for Lee to follow her. They stepped back out into the hallway. His mom closed the door behind her. She looked at her son. 
“How is she?” he asked.
“She’s lost a lot of blood, and she’s stressed. She has to stay in that bed for a few days. If she doesn’t, she will lose the baby!” 
“I will make sure she rests.”  
“I think it best your grandmother and I takes care of her. Why didn’t you tell us she was pregnant?” Lee stepped back. 
“We just found out. We didn’t have time to talk about it with everything that’s happened!” 
 “Well, she needs rest and lots of it.” She stepped to the side and opened the door. “Don’t upset her by talking about what happened.” Lee nodded. He re-entered his room and sat on the bed. Lucy looked up at him and smiled. 
“It’s still alive,” She rubbed her belly, “but I have to stay in bed for a few days.” She frowned. 
“You rest, and don’t worry about anything,” Lee told her. He leaned down and kissed her. 
 “Lee, I haven’t told you this, but there’s a tunnel that leads to the farm. There’s so much I haven’t shared with you yet, and with my uncle out there,” she started to cough. 
“Ok, that’s enough.” Darla motioned for Lee to leave. He held up his hand. 
“Just a second mom.” He looked at Lucy. “Where is this tunnel?” He waited a few moments then she looked at him. 
“Behind the house, by the bushes. It’s covered by dirt and grass. I don’t know if Uncle Dave knows about it or not, but we need to seal it off from this end.” Lee nodded. 
“Rest, I’ll be back later to see you!” Lee turned and left.
As Lee rushed down the stairs, he saw his father and grandfather sitting at the table. “We have more problems. There’s an escape tunnel behind the house. We need to get it sealed. Lucy isn’t sure if her uncle knows about it or not. We can’t take the chance he does.” Jim stood up. 
“How are we going to seal it?” Lee thought for a moment. 
“How about setting mines? We’ll start at the entrance and come this way, laying one every 100 feet or so. At least that way we’ll know if they are trying to sneak up on us, and could also stop them!” 
“That won’t work!” They stopped and turned around. Lucy was standing at the base of the stairs. 
“She won’t listen to me! She needs to rest!” Darla said from the top of the stairs. Lee walked over to Lucy and helped her to a chair. Once seated, Jim looked at her. 
“Then what do you suggest?” Lucy thought for a moment. 
“Barrier boxes! Throughout the tunnel. We’ll set them to our frequency. That will keep them out, and will keep them from digging into the tunnel.” Lee kissed her on the lips. 
“What would we do without you?” Lucy grinned. She stood up. Lee watched her. “Where do you think you’re going?” She looked at Lee. 
“I’m going to help!” Lee shook his head. 
“No, we’ll handle this one. You sit and relax and listen to Mom.” She sat back and scowled. Lee looked at his father and motioned for them to follow him.
Back inside the cellar, Lee filled a bag full of the barrier boxes. He wasn’t sure how many they would need to create a grid on the inside of the tunnel. “You know we’ll need Lucy’s help programming these things!” Jim said. Lee looked up at his father. 
“I know, but if we’re not careful, she’s going to lose the baby for sure!” Jim patted his son on the shoulder. 
“Son, some things are more important. If her uncle gets on the inside, we will be in major trouble. Your mom, sister, and grandma will suffer. We have to make sacrifices. While I’m so happy you’re going to be a father, and me a grandpa, we can’t chance it. We need her help!” Lee sat on the chair. 
“I know Dad. I really want this child.” Lee stood again and tossed the bag onto his shoulder. “Let’s go and find this entrance.”
Jim followed Lee to the back of the house. Lee scooted his foot across a patch of bare dirt. He heard a scraping sound. He bent down and scraped off the dirt. When done, he had a large door. He grabbed the handle and tried to open it. “It must be stuck!” Jim walked over and grabbed the handle. It wouldn’t budge. 
“How the heck does it open?” Lee scraped the sides. 
 “There’s no lock. What’s keeping it from opening?” Lee stood back. “Listen!” Lee and Jim stood listening. They heard a low pounding coming from the inside. “It’s too late! They are already in the tunnel!” 
“It’s not too late!” Lee turned around to see Lucy standing there. 
“What are you doing out of bed?” he asked.
“You need me! They are in the tunnel. It runs that way.” Lucy pointed to the barrier. “If we use the boxes and make a wall against the main barrier, I can use the main power to sustain it. If they try to dig up, they will still be trapped. We can blow the hatch and drop an imploder bomb inside. Maybe we’ll luck out and get the asshole.” Lee and Jim looked at one another. 
Finally, Jim spoke. “Sounds good to me!” He dumped the boxes on the ground and started to lay them. Lucy took out a pad and started to program them. The pounding got louder. “They are almost to the door!” Jim said. Lucy continued to program. 
“One more!” She hit the last button as the door pushed open. The three of them watched as the first guy climbed out. He looked at them and smiled, but when he moved forward, he hit the barrier and was knocked back. “My uncle has forgotten who he’s messing with!” Then her uncle showed up. 
“What the heck?” He climbed out but didn’t move. “You really think you’re smart don’t you.” He pointed at Lucy. “By rights, this farm is mine, and I will get what I want.” Lucy pointed at the new barrier wall she had created. 
“Dig all you want,” she said. “The tunnel is useless now. Those boxes are tied in with the main grid. It’s just as powerful.” She bent down and picked up the imploder bomb. Her uncle’s eyes got big. “So you know what this is, and what it does? You have five minutes to get back in that tunnel and get yourself and your goons out of it before I throw it in. Starting now!” Dave watched Lucy. 
“Nicely played my niece. I’ll be seeing you!” He dropped back into the tunnel. They could hear him yelling at his men. Lee walked over to her and took her other hand. He took the bomb and tossed it in the tunnel. A few seconds later there was a blast and the ground was all sucked in. The tunnel collapsed. They didn’t hear any screaming or a single sound. 
“It had to be done.” Lee let go of Lucy’s hand. “Will the boxes hold?” Lucy nodded. 
Lee took Lucy by the hand and led her back inside. His mom and grandma were sitting at the table. “So, is it over?” his mom asked. Lee nodded. 
“For now!” Lee said. Lucy sat down. 
“The tunnel is secured, but we don’t know what he will plan next. I’m afraid he won’t give up until he gets what he wants.” She rubbed her belly. Lee saw the grim look on her face. He sat down beside her and held her hand. 
“You need to rest!” 
“She won’t listen to a word. Every time we turn around she’s gone.” Lucy looked at Darla. 
“If I hadn’t gone to help, we’d be overrun with my uncle’s men. We’d be tied up or worse, DEAD. I want this baby more than anything on this earth, but we come first. We are here now, and your family is my family now. You’re all I have. If I didn’t help, what life would this baby have?” 
“Well, we don’t have to worry about him now. I’m sure he’s gone. I mean he couldn’t have survived?” Darla asked. Lucy didn’t know what to say. She knew there were ways he could have survived. Although her uncle didn’t know all her father’s tech, he could have possibly been prepared for the bomb. 
Lucy shrugged her shoulders. “Guess we’ll find out!” she remarked.
The day dragged on. Lee and his father watched the tunnel. Lee was curious. He wanted to know where it led, and if it was fully collapsed. They left the boxes in place. They weren’t taking any chances until Lucy had a few day’s rest. Then they would check it out more thoroughly. “You had better come in here!” Lee looked up. His mom had her head stuck out the side window. Lee looked at his father. 
“Now what?” 
Back inside, everyone was around the table. There in the center was a radio. They listened as it crackled. Lucy picked it up and changed though the frequencies. Finally, it cleared up. “Lucy, are you there?” They all gasped. 
“Who is that?” Lucy looked up at Lee. 
 “It’s my aunt.” Lee took the radio from Lucy. 
 “This is Lee…” he released the button and waited. 
“Where’s Lucy? I want to talk to Lucy, murderer!” Lucy grabbed the radio. 
“What do you want?” she asked. The radio was silent for a few minutes then it crackled again. 
“Your uncle is dead thanks to those people you’re with. I will continue his work, and you know I’m just as bad. You had better watch your backs! This is far from over. I will not stop until every single one of you is dead.” Lucy dropped the radio. Everyone in the room looked at her. Lee walked over and turned the radio off. They all jumped as a huge blast sounded. They all ran out to the porch. There was a huge fireball on the barrier. Lucy walked over to Lee. 
“She’s a nasty lady. We will have to be careful. She doesn’t know as much as Dave did, but she’s worse.” She took Lee by the hand and led him off the porch. The family watched as they walked away. Another blast hit the barrier. This time, it seemed louder. They could see people on the high ridge. 
Jim pointed. “There, you see them?” he asked. 
Lucy led Lee to the cellar. She opened the door and entered. He followed her to the back and entered the control room. She slowly bent down and opened a huge drawer on the bottom. Lee stepped up beside her and looked down. He was amazed at what he saw. “Dad built these right before those things came. He said they could be used to scare away attackers. Lee bent down and picked up the drone. It wasn’t, by far, the largest he had ever seen, but it was the first equipped with guns. 
“They are pulse cannons,” Lucy said. She flipped the drone over and pointed at the claw. “It can carry a bomb or something to drop.” She flipped it back over and showed him the barrier box built into the frame. “When added to our power source it would be practically impossible to shoot it down. Go sit it outside the door.” He did as he was told. 
When he came back, Lucy was sitting at the computer screen. Lee saw the drone’s on-board camera. He saw it lift into the air. It zipped through the barrier, and out in the open. He saw shots coming at it, but they were just reflected. Lucy pulled back a cover and pushed it. The drone shot out a pulse. The guys scattered. Lee started to massage her shoulders. “You are one amazing woman,” he said. He watched as she brought the drone around and took another shot. The men turned and ran to their vehicle. Lucy followed and blasted it. The guys jumped out and ran into the trees. Lucy steered the drone back into the barrier and landed it right where Lee had put it. She turned around and looked at him. 
“How did I do?” Lee bent down and kissed her. She grabbed him by the pants. Lee backed away. 
“I don’t think that’s a good idea. You need to rest for a few more days.” 
“That’s right!” They turned to see Darla standing there. “You should be in bed!” Lucy stood up. 
 “I’m ok, I’m not helpless!” Lucy said. Darla stormed off. Lee followed her. He stopped at the front door and picked up the drone. He turned and took it back to the control room. He saw the light on in the hydroponics bay.  Darla looked at her plants which already had several fruits 
“I hope they will be ripe by Christmas,” she said, and then turned and looked at her son. “If you want that baby, you’re going have to knock some sense into that girl. She won’t listen to us. She needs to rest.” 
“I know Mom, but where would we be if it wasn’t for her? Did you see what she just did with this thing?” He held up the drone. His mom stepped back. 
“Some of these things scare me!” she said. He held it out. 
“More or less it’s just a toy.” 
She shook her head. “A toy with guns!” She walked around him and left. 
Back inside, everyone was getting ready for dinner. They all had just sat down when a blast hit the barrier. Lucy pulled out her pad and pushed some buttons. They heard the whirl of the drone. Lee got up and stood behind her. He watched as she attacked and chased them off again. 
“We need two of those,” Lee said. “One to get in behind them to keep them out of the trees, and one in front.  Maybe we could get rid of a few of them.” Lucy brought the drone back. “We’ll load it with an imploder later. That will increase our chances of getting a few of them,” she said. 
“You’re right Lee, we need a few more. We’ll go later and pull up the plans. And build our own!” Lee kissed her on the top of the head. 
“Woo hoo!” He sat back down. He saw the look his mom gave him. They all sat in silence and ate their dinner. As they finished a voice boomed. 
“Lucy, give me what I want now!” Everyone jumped. 
“What the heck?” They all ran to the porch. There, on the ridge, stood a robot.
Chapter Fourteen
Lucy looked at the ridge. She couldn’t believe her aunt had activated the Protector. She couldn’t believe that it was standing right there. 
“What the heck is it?” Lee asked. Lucy looked at him. 
“Dad made them as last resort. As a final stand. They were never to be used against the farms.” Lee looked back at the huge robot. 
“Let’s get the drone and blast it,” he said. Lucy shook her head no. 
“We can’t attack it. If we do, it won’t stop. The only thing we can do is deactivate it. You see the panel on its chest? I have to lay my hand on it. It’s the only way!” 
Lee shook his head. “That’s not going to happen. We’ll figure out a way to stop it!” Lucy stepped back. “Do we have one of those?” Lucy looked up at Lee and nodded. 
“But, if we activate it, then that’s it. There’s no turning it off. Once deactivated the core will burn out destroying it.” 
“Then what are we going to do? Will it attack us?” Lucy shrugged her shoulders. 
“I don’t know. It has its own AI, meaning it’s self-aware. If my aunt programmed it to destroy us, then it will do its best. We have to figure out a way to disarm it so I can deactivate it. I just know there’s no way other than the failsafe to beat it.” Jim pulled out his rifle. 
“We’ll just have to protect ourselves the old fashioned way,” he said. As he cocked the gun, the protector fired a shot at the barrier. 
“Put it away now! That was a warning shot. It will be here upon us,” she said. Jim knew by the look on Lucy’s face that this attack wasn’t going to be so simple to stop. He lowered his gun and looked again at the robot. 
“Why doesn’t it attack?” Lucy turned and ran. 
“Come on NOW!” She yelled and opened the cellar door. Everyone rushed in, and just as the door closed they heard a heavy bang. 
“Can it get in the barrier?” Lucy shook her head no. 
“It can’t, but it won’t stop until it kills us.” Lucy went to the control room and sat down. She pointed at the cameras. “See how it’s standing back?” Everyone looked. Lucy pulled up the plans for the robot. She read through her Dad’s notes. Halfway through the second page she found a passage. “I think I can stop it!” Lee read through her father’s notes. 
 “No, it’s too dangerous!” Lucy shook her head. 
“It can’t hurt me! I have to try.” Lucy tried to stand up. 
“You’re not doing this!” Lee stood at the doorway. “You’re pregnant. That thing is experimental, we have no idea if it will even work!” 
“If I don’t try, we will live with it trying to get us for the rest of our lives. Is that the life you want for our baby?” Lucy rubbed her belly. Lee thought about her words. She was right. Lee stepped towards Lucy. 
“Ok, just read the rest of your father’s work. Maybe there’s another way. Maybe we can use it for ourselves?” Lucy nodded and sat back down. 
 “I’ll read some more, then I’m going to do what needs to be done!” Lee turned to leave the room. Right outside the door was his family. Lee shook his head and walked away.
Lee went into the other room. He sat in the chair, and thought about what his soon to be wife and baby was about to do. The thing outside was huge. He didn’t even understand why someone would build such a thing. He thought about the other inventions they had used. Then, the robot really didn’t surprise him. He just didn’t know how he could stand back and watch the woman he loved face down a huge robot. “Lee, you better get out here.” Lee got up and went back out into the cellar. Lucy stood by the front door. Everyone followed Lee. Lucy looked at Lee. 
“It will continue attacking me until I activate its security. When it sees who I am, it will stand down. I need all of you to stay inside.” She turned to go, but Lee grabbed her by the arm. He pulled her close, and kissed her. 
“Come back to me!” She smiled and stepped outside. The robot stepped up its attack as she walked closer to the barrier. Lee could see that it was out for blood. Lucy walked up to the edge. She looked up at the robot. 
“Scan my face, and disarm now!” The robot continued blasting. She raised her voice and spoke again. “Scan my face, and disarm now!” Lee saw a red scan appear. The robot stepped back. 
“Hello Madame Lucy, powering down.” The robot’s lights all went off. It went limber. Lee stepped outside. 
 “Don’t come out! I need to disarm it!” Lucy stepped through the barrier. She walked up to the robot. She pushed a few buttons on its chest and the panel opened. She laid her hand on the panel. As she did the robot shook. Lucy stepped back. She watched as the robot hit the ground. She backed off until she was back in the barrier. She turned and started to walk back to the cellar, when she heard the robot rattle. She turned and saw it standing. 
“You honestly didn’t think it would be that easy did you?” Her aunt’s voice boomed. “You, and that horde of people will die in there!” They jumped as the robot started blasting again. Lee ran up to her. 
 “What happened?” he asked.
 “She’s reprogrammed it! It doesn’t recognize my authority anymore. We’ll have to find another way to stop it.” She went back to the cellar. Everyone turned to look at her. Lucy broke into tears and ran past them! Lee ran after her. 
Lucy sat down in the control room. She looked at the monitors. She heard Lee come in behind her. “I’m sorry I can’t stop it!” Lee knelt down beside her. 
“It’s not your fault. We’ll figure it out!” She bent down and kissed him. They heard the scuffle from the rest of the family. They all were smiling. Darla stepped forward. 
“Do you think it’s safe to go back to the house?” she asked. Lucy thought for a moment. 
“If you can stand the noise. There’s no way it can break through the barrier,” she replied. Darla nodded. 
“Well, let’s go!” Everyone, but Jim followed her.
Lee watched everyone leave. He turned back to Lucy who was watching the monitor now. He walked up behind her and started to massage her shoulders. “Can you please leave me alone for a while? I just need to be by myself and think!” Lee removed his hands. She heard him shuffle out of the room, and turned back to the monitor. 
On the screen below, she read through her father’s notes. She knew there had to be something else, something she’d missed. A way to disable the robot.
Several hours passed. Lee walked into the room, and saw her on the work bench. As he got closer, he saw a huge drone she was working on. “Did you build that?” Lucy nodded. Lee watched her as she worked. After a few moments she turned and faced him. 
“I’m sorry about earlier, how I reacted. I just needed some time to think.” Lee smiled at her. 
“I totally understand!” He leaned in and kissed her. She grabbed him by the shoulders and held the kiss. When she released him, she smiled. 
“I think I’ve figured out a way to help us get rid of the robot.  I might not be able to disable it now, and attacking it will be useless, but what if we attack the other farm? I’ve added the cloaking technology to this drone, and the other one. I can use a rotating frequency that will allow us to penetrate their barrier. We can make her disable the robot or we’ll destroy them!” Lee looked at Lucy. She never ceased to amaze him. She was a genius. 
“That’s great, but don’t they have a way to see the cloak?” Lucy smiled. 
“They do, but I’ve changed the way it works. Their glasses are looking for one particular cloak. What I’ve done is changed the cloak to use a different power source. These devices will draw their power directly from our barrier, which they don’t match frequencies with. In theory, we can fly these over their farm and destroy it with a push of a button, but I’m hoping she will see things differently.” Lucy frowned. Lee took her by the hands. 
“What is it?” She looked up at him. “She’s more hard-headed than my uncle. I know she’ll die before she gives up.” Lee kissed her again. 
“I know she’s all the family you have left, and I hope she doesn’t force you, but we have to protect our baby.” He reached down and rubbed her belly. She nodded and turned back to the drone.
Lee wandered through the cellar for a while, then went to the front door and watched the robot continuously attack the barrier. He still couldn’t believe Lucy’s father had built that thing. 
 “Hey, help me!” Lee turned around to see Lucy carrying the huge drone. He walked up to her and took it. “Sit it out there. I’ll get the other one. It’s time to test them.” Lee sat the first drone outside. 
He walked back inside and met Lucy who was carrying the second. He took it and followed her outside. “Time to see if they work!” Lucy took her pad from her case and started to push buttons. The drones both started up. Lee stood back as they rose into the air. 
Lucy pushed another button, and they took off. She looked at Lee grinning. “So far so good,” she said. Lee stepped in behind her and looked at the pad’s screen. Lee watched the live video feed. He watched as Lucy flew the drones towards the robot. The robot stopped its attack on the barrier, and they heard a voice boom. 
“That won’t work honey.” Lucy looked at Lee and smiled. She pushed a button and the drones disappeared. Lucy couldn’t help but grin. She knew her aunt was trying to find them. 
 “I bet she’s going nuts!” Lucy exclaimed. The robot came back to life. It started to blast again. Lee watched as the drones crossed the barrier, and went into the open sky. “Shall we test the firepower?” Lucy asked. 
Lee watched as Lucy brought the drones back around and blasted the robot. It turned around and started to fire blindly. Lucy laughed. “I think it’s working! Now let’s split up!” Lee watched as the video feed split. 
Lucy sped the one towards her aunt’s farm. She kept the other one close to the robot. “Why even bother with that thing? Wouldn’t it be better to use both of them to get her to back off?” She looked at Lee. He watched as she directed the other one to the farm. Soon they were hovering above the farm. 
 “Well, let’s see if we can get in.” Lee watched as she pushed buttons. Moments later the drones were flying directly over the farm house. They watched the screen as people surrounded the house. She saw her aunt on the porch looking up. “They don’t see them. Let’s scatter them.” Lucy pushed the controls and the drones started firing. The men scattered, while a few dropped to the ground dead. She saw her aunt run back in the house. Lee grabbed her hand. 
“You don’t have to do this. Try to reason with her first!” He let her go. Lucy smiled at him. 
 “Hello, my dearest aunt. Do you want to talk?” They watched as the door to the house opened. Her aunt walked to the front steps. 
“What is there to talk about my dear? Go ahead and kill us. You will never see any peace. The robot will NEVER stop until I tell it to.” Lucy looked at Lee. 
“I told you she wouldn’t back down,” she said.
Her aunt’s men started to group to the side. One raised his gun and took a shot. Lucy moved the drones just in time. “They can’t hurt them. They are protected by their own barriers!” Lucy fired more shots. She saw several more men hit the ground. 
 “You’re murdering innocent people. These men didn’t do anything to you. It was all me. End me my dear!” Lee looked over at Lucy. He saw the tears in her eyes. He watched as she pushed a button and closed her eyes. On the screen, he saw a huge blast. Even on the screen he had to shut his eyes.
As the smoke cleared he saw everyone laying on the ground. He glanced at Lucy. She shrugged. “I told you we needed her alive. I used a flasher bomb. Now we can use the drone to bring her back.” Lee smiled. Lucy pushed some buttons, and Lee watched as the drones sat down. As he watched he didn’t understand what was happening. The drones seemed to be unfolding and morphing. 
 “Something new Dad didn’t get to work on, but he had started working on plans,” Lucy said.
When the drones stopped moving, Lee saw them rolling towards the porch. Once there, he watched as two mechanical arms appeared on both sides and dragged Lucy’s aunt onto the new drones. 
“What about all the men? Won’t they just come after her?” Lucy shook her head. 
“No, I’m reconfiguring their barrier. It will keep them, prisoner, inside!” Lee watched her. “She’s on her way here now. I need to watch closely. Go and get some barrier boxes. We need to make her a nice cell to hold her.” Lee nodded and turned to the cellar.
Lee gathered a few of the barrier boxes and went back outside. Lucy was still standing there, holding the controls. He saw her jerking the controls. “What’s wrong?” Lucy looked up at him. 
“There’s a horde of things. The barrier is protecting her, but I don’t know for how long.” Lee looked up at the robot. It was still pounding the barrier trying to get in. Lee looked at the screen. The things had the drone wagon surrounded. 
“Can it fly?” Lee asked. Lucy’s eyes widened. 
“I’m not sure.” She pushed a couple of buttons. Lee saw the drone’s motors extend. “It might work if we can break free from them.” 
 “Use the pulse guns,” Lee suggested. Lucy nodded. She pushed the button and saw the things fall all around the drone wagon. “Now get it in the air, and out of there.” Lee watched it raise in the air a little. “Too much weight! I don’t think it’s going to clear. Now it’s stuck.” 
 Lee turned and ran back to the cellar. He grabbed the cloak and headed back to Lucy. He slung his pulse rifle over his shoulder. Lucy shook her head. “It might see you!” Lee slung the cloak on and ran past her. The robot stopped for a moment then went back to smashing the barrier. Lee ran and ran. He finally saw the drone wagon up ahead. The things had, once again, surrounded the wagon. He pulled out his pulse rifle and fired. The things hit the ground. He pulled them out of the wagon’s way and stepped to the side. He watched as it pushed forward. He walked behind it.  His fear was how the robot would act. As they drew closer, he pulled the cloak back over himself. 
The robot paid no attention to him, but stopped and looked at Lucy’s aunt. Lee saw it scan her and turn back to the barrier. He stepped in front of the wagon and rushed back to Lucy. “Let’s use the small room by the hydroponics bay,” she said. Lee shook his head no. Lucy stopped and looked at him. 
“I don’t think it’s a good idea to put her in there,” Lee said. “That’s exactly what she wants. Total access to the computers. Let’s set up the barn over there!” Lucy nodded. 
They made their way to the barn. As they did, Lee killed a couple of things. He could hear the wagon coming behind him. He walked into the barn and looked around. It was all clear. “Let’s do it up there!” Lee climbed the ladder. He watched as the wagon transformed into a wagon and semi drone. He watched as all eight engines hummed to life and raised into the air. He saw Lucy’s aunt starting to move. Lee set his gun to stun and pointed it at her. 
 “No, that won’t be necessary right now!” Lucy said. He lowered the gun. He watched as the drone sat down on the upper level. He took off his pack and dug out the barrier boxes. 
Lucy soon joined him. She pointed to the very back. Lee went to the back and dropped the boxes. He did the same for the sides and front, creating a cage. Lucy activated the barrier. “It’s now synced with our barrier. Take her band.” Lee reached down and took off her band. As he did she pulled her hand back. Lee pulled unmercifully and removed the band. She finally sat up. She looked at the barn and the cage. 
“Well played my niece. My men will be coming for me.” Lucy shook her head. 
“No, they won’t. They are trapped on the farm!” Lucy grabbed her by one arm and tried to drag her to the cage. Lee stepped forward and helped her. They pushed her into the cage. 
“This won’t hold me for long!” Lucy stepped up to the cage. 
“You will stop the robot if you want to leave this barn!” Her aunt hissed at her. “Make yourself comfortable. You’re not going anywhere!” They turned around and climbed down the ladder. 
As they hit the bottom, two more things came from the dark. Lee raised his rifle and shot both of them. Lucy took him by the hand and led him back to the cellar. The drone sat down right outside the door. Lee bent and picked the first one up.
Inside, he put the drones in the control room. He looked at the big monitor and saw Lucy’s aunt pounding on the barrier. “What are we going to do with her?” he asked. Lucy shrugged her shoulders. 
 “I’m not sure! Once she stops the robot, we will put her back on her own farm. They have enough supplies to last them for years.” 
“Will she need heat?” Lucy shook her head no. “The barrier will keep her comfortable for now. We’ll take her a few blankets, and clean clothes later.” She took Lee by the hand, and led him back to the house. 
As they neared the house Lee’s dad came to the front porch. He looked at the robot still pounding the barrier. “That thing is driving us crazy!” Lee looked at his father. 
“Hopefully, we’ll be able to stop it now that we have Lucy’s aunt.” 
Lee and Lucy took Lucy’s aunt some quilts and clothes. She growled at them. “You will never get what you want. You can keep me imprisoned here for as long as you want, but I’ll never stop the robot.” Lucy snickered at her. She reached into her pocket and pulled out a syringe. Her aunt shrank back.
“Oh, I see you’re familiar with what this is?” Lucy asked. Her aunt nodded. 
“You wouldn’t use that on me!” Lucy stepped up to the barrier. 
“Wouldn’t I? You will stop the robot on your own, or you will do it with my help!” Her aunt cowered in the corner. 
“We’ll be back later. You think about what you want to do.” With that, Lucy took Lee by the hand and led him back down the ladder. 
Halfway across the yard, she opened the cellar. Lee watched as the door raised. Once inside, Lucy closed it behind them. She turned around and kissed Lee. Her hands wandered to his belt buckle. He took a step back. 
“I don’t think we should be doing this,” Lee said.
“Oh, shut up!” She pushed him to the floor.
They were awakened a little while later. 
“What in heaven’s name are you two doing?” They both sat up. Darla stood there over them. Lee tried to cover himself. He reached for his trousers, and pulled them on. 
 “Mom, just calm down,” Lee said and Darla shook her head. 
“Do you know how close she came to losing that baby, and you two go and do this?” Lee pulled on his shirt. 
“Mom, just cool it!” Lee exclaimed. She stepped back. Lucy started to get dressed. 
“You’re coming with me! Lee can handle your aunt.” Lucy pulled away from her. 
“All due respect, I’m not going anywhere! Lee didn’t initiate this, I did. I know the risk, and I know I’m fine.” Lucy turned and walked off. Lee pulled on his socks, and shoes. 
“I can’t believe you allowed this to happen,” Darla said to Lee. She turned and stormed off. Lee watched her disappear into the tunnel. Lucy was sitting at the monitor watching her aunt. 
 “Well, that didn’t go well!” Lee said. Lucy stood up, and walked over to Lee. She kissed him deeply. 
“Your mom needs to realize we have to make decisions on our own. We have to live our lives, and we’ll accept the consequences if any should arise.”  
“Don’t be too hard on her. She’s just trying to help,” Lee said.
 Lucy turned back to the screen. “She’s still beating on the barrier.” Lee walked up beside her. 
“So, what’s in the syringe?” Lucy turned to look at him. 
“Mind control chip!” Lucy answered.
 “You can actually control people?” Lee asked. Lucy nodded. 
“Yes, but it isn’t pretty. Once inserted, they become vegetables in a few days.” She turned back to the monitor. 
“Do you think it will be necessary to use it?” 
“Yes, she’s not going to willingly do anything. It’s her loss. She knows how it works.” Lee didn’t get how Lucy could be so cold. This was, after all, her aunt they were talking about.  
He watched Lucy work on the drones and watch her aunt for a few hours. Finally, she stopped and opened a drawer. He saw her get the syringe. “Well, let’s go and get this over with.” She walked around him. He saw the door raise and followed her. 
Lee killed several things as they neared the barn. They both climbed the ladder to look at Lucy’s aunt. Her aunt stopped beating the barrier and took a step back. Lucy held up the syringe. “It’s time to make a choice.” Lucy watched her. 
“If I shut it down, I go back to the farm?” Lucy nodded. 
“You will never hear anything from us again!” She watched her. 
“I’ll disable it!” her aunt said. Lucy nodded. She looked back at Lee. 
“Keep your rifle on her at all times. Set it to high.” Lee nodded. Lucy stepped forward through the barrier. She grabbed her aunt by the hand and led her through the barrier. 
As they landed on the other side, her aunt pushed her to the ground and rushed for the ladder. Lee shot her right in the back. She stiffened up and toppled over the edge. Lee rushed forward to see her hit. Several things came out of the shadows and tore into her. 
Lucy got to her feet. “Shoot them. We still might be able to use her hand!” Lee fired at the things. “I knew she wouldn’t do it. She was worse than my uncle.” Lucy climbed down the ladder. Lee followed. 
Lucy stood back and looked at her aunt laying there. Her eyes were still open. Lee bent down and pulled the two dead things off her body. Lucy walked over to the wall and pulled down a machete. Lee grabbed her by the arm. “Do we have to do this?” He asked. Lucy nodded. 
“We need that hand to stop the Protector!” Lee let her go and turned as the machete came down. He heard the crunch of bone. “Let’s get back,” Lucy said.
 “What about her?” he asked. Lucy didn’t even stop. 
 “Let those things finish her off!” The things had already torn into the body. The guts were pulled out. He shrugged his shoulders and followed Lucy. He watched as she walked ahead of him. She held the hand of her dead aunt. Lucy headed towards the barrier. 
Once again, she walked up in front of the robot. He watched as it scanned her, and then stood still. Lucy walked up to it and placed her aunt’s hand on its chest. He watched as the robot fell to the ground. Lucy turned and jumped back into the barrier. As she hit the ground the robot exploded. Lee watched as pieces flew in every direction.
Lucy picked herself up off the ground and dusted herself off. Lee watched as she walked back up to the barrier, and stuck her arm out and threw her aunt’s hand away. Lee walked over to Lucy. She looked at him. “I love you!” She leaned in and kissed him. He took a step back and looked at her. 
“Are you ok?” he asked. She nodded. 
“I feel great,” Lucy said. “We’re safe again!” She took him by the hand and led him back to the house. Lee’s family was standing on the porch. They all watched them. “It’s all over now. We can get a good night’s sleep!” Lucy led Lee into the house and up the stairs.
They walked into the bedroom, and Lucy started to get undressed. “Let’s take a shower,” she said. He watched as she went into the bathroom. 
 “Are you coming?” Lucy asked.  Lee looked at her standing there in the doorway naked. 
“I figured we’d talk about what just happened.” Lee said. Lucy looked at him. 
“What’s there to talk about? She got what she wanted. I told you she wouldn’t do it willingly. She never had any plans on helping us. We should be grateful her hand stopped it. We’ll go and talk to her men tomorrow. We could use their help once in a while, especially when I get further along.” She rubbed her belly. 
“And if they refuse to help us?” he asked. Lucy shrugged. 
 “Then they can live out their lives on the farm.” Lee shrugged his shoulders. He kicked off his shoes and went into the bathroom closing the door. 
Chapter Fifteen
Lee woke up to pounding on the door. 
“Get up!” Lee sat up. He threw his legs over the bed and pulled on his pants. Just one morning he would like to sleep in, and wake up when it wasn’t dark. Every morning was the same. They would spend hours clearing the dead things from the boundary. Lee finished dressing, kissed Lucy on the forehead, and headed downstairs. His mom was at the stove as usual. His father sat with a cup of coffee. 
“What’s up?” Lee dropped into a chair. Lee’s mom turned away from the stove to face them. Lee studied the look on her face and immediately knew what she was going to say. “You woke me up this early to listen to Mom gripe?” he asked his father.
“I’m not griping,” Darla said. “I’m worried! You two won’t listen to a word I say. First, there was yesterday in the cellar, and then last night? Can’t you control yourself at all? Is it really worth it? To lose the baby?” Lee sat and looked at her. His dad didn’t even look up from his cup.  
“Well Darla, all due respect, it’s really none of your business. I don’t know how else to put this, but let us worry about the baby!” Lucy had come in and sat in the chair beside Lee and laid her head on his shoulder. No one spoke for several minutes. “Let’s not fight. Just let us make our own decisions. I’m feeling wonderful, and I’ll not do anything to hurt the baby.” Darla looked at the two of them. 
 “Ok, fine. Do what you want.” She turned back to the stove. Lucy raised her head. She got up and walked over to a box from the dress shop. She rummaged through it. She pulled out a set of patterns for a wedding dress. She went back over to Lee and laid it on the table. 
“What do you think?” Lucy asked. Lee picked up the pattern. 
“I think it’s beautiful, and it will look more beautiful on you!” he replied.
 Darla turned back around. “Yes, it’s an amazing dress. What color were you thinking?” she asked.
 Lee’s dad stood up. “Well son, let’s leave the ladies to the wedding stuff, while we go and clear some things!” Lee’s head hit the table. His father patted him on the back. “Just another day in paradise my son.” Lee picked up his head and watched his father go out the front door. He leaned over and gave Lucy a kiss. He saw his mother turn away. He stood and went out the door.
Outside, the sun was just coming up. The morning air was really starting to cool down. He was glad he pulled on a hoodie. He walked over to the barrier boundary. There were huge piles of the dead things, and there were several more coming their way. 
“Well let’s get started.” Jim walked towards the barn. He pulled his rifle from his shoulder. Lee grabbed him. 
“That’s Lucy’s aunt.” Lee pointed to the nearest thing. A lady, half eaten. Her insides were hanging out.  Jim shook his head. 
“I’d like to know what re-animates the dead!” He raised his rifle again and fired. She hit the ground. He did the same with several others that were close by. He walked over to the barn and opened the doors.  Lee watched as his father climbed up into the vehicle. He moved out of the way as his father backed out. As usual, he followed the vehicle and used a rack to push the things into the vehicle’s bucket. Then, his father would dump them behind the big barn. Lee heard a crackle then a voice. 
“Haley are you there?” Lee walked over to Lucy’s dead aunt and turned her body over. He pulled a walkie talkie out of her pocket. Someone was trying to reach her. He waved his hands to his father and pointed to the house. His father followed him. 
At the front of the house, his father dismounted the vehicle. “What is it?” Lee held up the walkie talkie. 
“Someone is trying to get a hold of Lucy’s aunt.” He climbed the steps and went back into the kitchen. 
His mom and Lucy had the patterns scattered out on the table. The walkie talkie crackled again. Lucy turned and looked at it. 
“Someone is trying to get a hold of your aunt.” Lucy pushed back her chair and took the walkie talkie. 
“Who is this?” The walkie talkie was silence for a moment then a voice came. 
“This, is Sam. Where’s Haley?” Lucy put the walkie talkie to her lips. “She’s dead, the things got her.” There was a long silence. 
“Who am I talking to?” Sam asked. Lucy waited a moment. 
“This is Lucy,” she replied.
“Oh, Lucy! I’m so glad it’s you. We need your help. I’m sorry for what your uncle and aunt did, but we’re trapped. We can’t get out of the farm’s barrier.” Lucy looked over at Lee. She smiled. 
“It worked, they are trapped!” She put the walkie talkie back to her mouth. 
“I’m sorry Sam. I don’t know anything about these barriers. If you have a band you should be able to use it.” 
“You are a liar! I have a feeling this is your doing.” 
“Just ignore him, Lucy!” Lucy shook her head no. These men helped her uncle and aunt attack her farm, and try to steal plans for her father’s inventions. She knew there were enough supplies on that farm to last those guys years, and she wasn’t about to set them free and have to worry about them attacking. 
“Well Sam, I’m sorry you feel that way. I know my family must have said a lot about me, but thanks to her you are now trapped. Have a good life!” With that, Lucy turned the walkie talkie off. “Well, at least we know they can’t hurt us.” She sat back down.
Jim grabbed Lee’s arm and motioned for him to follow. Outside, Jim climbed up the vehicle and headed for the barrier. Lee picked up his rack and followed. For the next several hours they loaded, and dumped the things. Lee watched as his father covered the bodies. Lee felt arms around his torso. 
“Your mother has calmed down. We need to be a little more careful.” Lucy kissed him on the cheek and stepped to his side. She too watched as Jim buried the pile. 
“So, did you ladies get things figured out?” Lucy put her head on his shoulder and they watched Jim put the vehicle back in the barn. 
“Your grandma came and took measurements. She’s working on cutting it out now. Just think, in two weeks, we’ll be husband and wife.” Lee kissed her on the top of the head. They stepped to the side as Jim closed the barn doors. 
“Well, that’s it until tomorrow,” he said. “Smells like breakfast is almost done.” He turned and headed towards the house. Lee and Lucy followed. Lee’s little sister Sara was standing on the front porch. Jim patted her on the head. She held a roll of fabric they had taken from the dress shop. Lucy stopped. 
“What’s wrong?” 
“It’s ruined!” Lucy took the bright pink fabric. There were scorch marks on it from the bomb. 
“Well little one, there are plenty of others to choose from.” Sara shook her head. 
“I don’t want another color. I want to look beautiful for your wedding.” Lucy turned to look at Lee. 
“Well, we’ll see what we can do.” She took Sara by the hand and led her inside. Jim poured himself another cup of coffee and sat down. Darla put a plate of food in front of him. Lee sat down beside his father. A plate of food was already there. He dug in. Lucy did the same. Lee noticed that Lucy’s plate had double the serving. 
“Hey! She’s got more than me!” Lucy looked over at him. Darla turned around. 
“Well, whose fault is that? She’s carrying your baby! She needs it.” She turned back to the stove. She finally put her food on a plate and sat down. 
After breakfast, Lee and Lucy went to the cellar. Lee watched as Lucy worked on the drones. “How far can they go?” he asked. Lucy shrugged her shoulders. 
 “I really don’t know. The signal bounces off the satellites. So I’d say they can go anywhere.” Lee walked over closer. 
“Could it go to the dress shop and get another spool of cloth for Sara?” Lucy’s eyes widened. 
“Well let’s see.” She finished working on the drone and stepped to the side.  She looked at Lee. “Take it outside.” 
Lee picked up the drone and carried it outside the door. As he re-entered the room, he saw the drone already in the air. It was zooming through the sky. Lee watched the landscape change. He saw the farm, where Lucy’s uncle and aunt had lived. She hovered to the far side. They saw the guys all digging, on the side. “They are nuts if they think they can dig their way out.” 
She turned the drone away and it flew closer to the dress shop. It seemed like it took forever for it to arrive, but finally, Lee saw the dress shop on the screen. Lucy maneuvered the drone inside. She sat it down on the table. She turned the camera looking for something she thought Sara would like. Finally, on the far wall, she spotted some pink fabrics. She extended the drones arm, but it was a few feet short. She started its motors up and got it just a little closer. The arm latched onto the fabric, but then as they watched something smacked the drone from the top. Lucy turned the camera to see a woman. Lucy spoke into the microphone. 
“Please, let the drone go or I will self-destruct it.” They watched as the lady kept smacking the drone. “Please stop or I will self-destruct it!” Finally, the lady stopped. 
“Who are you, and what do you want?” the woman asked.
“We just want the fabric and we’ll be on our way.” She watched as the lady backed off.
“Can you help us?” she asked. “My husband got killed yesterday. One of those things got him. The kids and I have been hiding here, but they keep coming.” Lucy looked at Lee. Lee pointed to the screen. They saw two things coming inside the shop. Lucy took the controls.
“Stand back lady!” Lucy shot them both. “Where are your children?” 
“They are in the basement. It’s the warmest place I could find.” Lucy looked at Lee. 
“What do you think?” she asked. Lee shook his head. 
“I don’t think it wise to bring them back here. She could be lying.” Lucy nodded. 
“Lady, sit the drone on the table. We will protect you as long as we can.” She watched as the lady picked up the drone and did as she was told. The lady cowered in the corner. 
“We need food and water!” Lucy stood up and looked at Lee. She rubbed her belly. 
“We have to help her. What if that was us, and our baby asking for help?” Lee finally nodded. 
“Ok, we’ll help her, but we’re not bringing her here. Let’s set up the mansion for them.” Lucy kissed him. 
“Ah, another road trip.” Lucy looked at the screen. The lady was still cowered in the corner. 
 “We’d like to meet your children!” They watched as the lady got up and left the room. 
 When she re-entered she held a baby in her arms and held the hand of a three to four-year-old. Lucy turned to Lee. “We have to hurry.” She shot two more things that appeared. “Get to a safe place now! We’ll be there in a few hours.” Lucy grabbed the tablet so she could control the drone. She pointed at the other one. “Take it outside. We’re not taking any chances this is a trap. Go get your mother and father and show them the videos, and have your mother pack some food. I’ll get some barrier boxes, and pulse rifles.” Lucy ran down the hall.
 Lee ran to the back tunnel and pushed opened the door. He ran until the air was gone from his lungs. He entered the basement. He found his mom in the kitchen. “Mom, get Dad and meet me in the cellar. Now!” She turned and looked at him. 
“What’s going on?” 
“Just please hurry!” He turned and ran back down the stairs. He walked back through the tunnel to the cellar. His lungs burned. He sat down in the chair and waited for his parents. Finally, they showed up. 
“What’s going on?” they asked. Lee pointed to the screen. He played the videos for them. 
“Lucy is packing our packs. Mom pack some food. We’re going to help them!” Darla turned and rushed away. Jim stood looking at the screen. 
 “How do you know this isn’t a trick? Like the last two groups?” Lee shook his head and pointed at the small children. 
“We don’t know for certain. I do know that those children need help. Lucy is packing supplies to set up a safe house for them. We’ll use the drones for backup.” Jim stared at the screen. Finally, he nodded. 
“I guess we should help them. If it’s a trap, just get out of there!” Lee nodded. He saw Lucy in the hall. She had her tablet ready. Jim turned to see the two of them talking. 
 “I’ll go get one of the vehicle ready for you,” he said. They both nodded. Jim headed towards the front door. He saw Darla stuffing food in a bag. He walked over and kissed her on the cheek. Lucy and Lee walked towards the front door. There, in the front, were two big bags of food. Darla stood to the right. 
“I put some dry milk in there for the children, and some bottled water.” Lucy walked over to Darla and gave her a hug. Darla stood back. “You two be safe out there.” She walked over to Lee and gave him a kiss on his cheek. “You take care of her. Remember our family comes first. We can’t save everyone.” Lee hugged her back. 
Jim drove the vehicle up to the front and backed in so they could easily load the food and supplies. Lee placed the drone on the ground. Lucy took out her tablet and the drone soared into the air. Jim turned to them both. 
“You two be careful out there. Remember what’s happened in the past. Watch your backs.” They both climbed into the vehicle, and Lee pushed down the pedal. The vehicle lurched forward.
Lee pushed the vehicle to its limits. Lucy watched the camera of the first drone. He heard her fire several shots. “There are more and more of them Lee. I don’t know how much longer I can keep them safe.” Lee looked at the landscapes. They had just passed the second farm. 
“We’ll be there soon! Just do your best.” He heard the drone firing again and again. “Send the other drone ahead of us?” Lucy nodded. He saw the drone vanish over the hill.
Finally, they arrived at the dress shop. Lee jumped out with his pulse rifle. He shot several things as they approached. He went up to the dress shop’s entrance. Lucy stood behind him. He fired two more shots and entered. There was a huge pile of the things. “Where are you?” He heard a door creak open and saw the lady appear. She was crying. 
“Please, help us!” Lee rushed forward and grabbed the little child. 
“Come on!” Lee maneuvered around the dead things. He heard more blasts outside. “Hurry, they are coming.” 
As they made it outside, Lee saw a huge group of the things. “Quick to the house!” Lucy jumped into the vehicle and pushed the pedal down. Lee ran ahead of her carrying the child. The lady did her best to keep up. Lee stopped and shot two more things. Then he heard the lady scream. She dropped the baby, as one of the things latched onto her arm. He could see blood spurting. 
 The lady screamed, “Help me!” Lee shot the thing. He ran over to the vehicle and handed Lucy the child. He picked up the baby and put it on the seat. 
“Go, set up the barrier. We’ll be right behind you!” He watched as the vehicle disappeared behind the buildings. Lee took off his shirt and wrapped the ladies arm. He knew it was a waste of time. She would now become one of them, but for now, he would do all he could to help her. He picked her up and ran. He turned the corner and saw the vehicle sitting in front of the mansion. He could hear the children crying. He ran up the steps, skipping several. He entered the house and saw Lucy and the two children in the living room. 
“The barrier boxes are in my pack,” Lucy said. Lee sat the lady down in a chair and picked up Lucy’s pack. He pulled out four of the boxes. He ran back outside. He raised his rifle and shot several things. He ran around the house dropping the barrier boxes. As he neared the final corner, he saw a huge horde of the things. He dropped the box as they grabbed for him. He then screamed as loud as he could. 
 “Lucy NOW!” He shot several more. Then he heard the familiar hum. He stood back and watched as the things hit the ground. The black blood oozed from their ears and mouths. The barrier was holding. He walked back to the house and into the front door. Lucy was holding the baby. The little boy was standing next to his mother. Lee looked at the lady’s arm. It was now soaked in blood. Lee went into the kitchen and got a towel. He wrapped it around her arm. She put her hand on his. 
“Please promise me, you will take care of my children!” Lee looked at the lady. “I know what the bites do. Please, promise me.” Lee looked over at Lucy. She was crying. Finally, she nodded. Lee looked the lady in the eyes. 
“I promise.” Lee finished wrapping her arm. The lady was white from the blood loss. Lee knew that she would turn into a thing. 
He looked over at the little boy. “What’s your name?” The little fella dropped his head. 
 “That’s Michael, and your wife has Michelle. Michael is three years old, and Michelle is eight months.” The lady coughed. Lee saw blood. She looked at Lee. “Please, end it now. I don’t want to turn into one of those things.” Lee shook his head. 
“I’m sorry I just can’t.” He watched as the little boy clasped his mother’s arm. 
“Please!” She coughed again. Then finally she went limp. Lee picked up the little boy and sat him on the couch with Lucy. Lee picked up the lady, and took her to the kitchen. He opened the side glass doors and laid her on the sidewalk. He saw a few things coming and shot them. He looked down at the dead lady. He raised his rifle, as her eyes opened, he shot, and she stayed limp.
Lee went back inside. Lucy looked at him as he entered. Lee shook his head. Lucy dropped her head looking at the children. “We have to take them back. We can’t leave them.” Lee walked over to Lucy. 
“Of course, we’ll take them back. I made a promise.” Lee stood and pulled out his walkie talkie. “Dad, are you there?” He released the button and waited. 
“Yes, son we are here.” Lee pressed the button. 
“Well, the good news is we saved the children but the bad news is we lost their mother. I think we’re going have to stay here tonight. The things are everywhere. We will have to do some clearing before we can head back.” Lee released the button. 
“Ok, son. Be careful out there. Take care of Lucy! We’ll see you tomorrow.” With that, the radio went silent. Lee looked over at Lucy. 
“Do you think the boxes will hold overnight?” Lucy nodded. 
“I think they will. We need the food from the vehicle.” Lee turned and went out the front door. He walked over to the vehicle and grabbed the two bags. The things smacked their lips. Lee had never seen so many of them. He went back into the house. 
He found Lucy in the kitchen. “Wish we had running water!” she said. Lee shrugged his shoulders. 
“I’d say this place has well water, but without power, it’s not going to work.” Lucy rummaged through her bag. 
“Go find the breaker box, and place this inside. It should get us through the night. If, we’re careful.” Lee took the box and looked at it. Lucy saw him. 
“It’s a power cell. Kind of like what’s in the barrier boxes,” Lucy explained. Lee nodded. He walked back through the house. He saw a door off to the side and opened it. He figured this was the basement. He pulled out his flashlight and got his gun ready. He pushed the power cell into his pocket and descended the stairs. The basement was huge. He finally found the box off to the side. When he placed the power cell inside the box, the lights came on. 
As he turned around, he found himself with several things. He backed against the wall as he blasted. He followed the wall back to the stairs and found some things already blocked the front of the stairs. Lee jumped up on a stand and hopped over the railing and blasted those that appeared there. He looked out into the basement and saw more coming. Finally, he turned and ran up the stairs, and slammed the door shut. 
Lucy came running. “What’s wrong?” 
“The basement is full of those things.” Lucy ran back to the kitchen, and came back with a barrier box. Lucy opened the door. Lee came to her side and shot more of the things that were halfway up the staircase. Lucy rushed forward and sat the barrier box on the steps. As she activated it, he heard the familiar hum. Lucy turned back around. 
“Where are they coming from? How did they get down there?” Lucy asked. Lee shrugged and moved out of her way. She closed the door as she stepped out. “This place is too big; we should have picked somewhere else. I’m taking the children upstairs. Hopefully, the water warms up enough to have a nice hot bath.” Lee walked over to her and gave her a kiss. He watched as she picked up the baby and took the little boy’s hand and led them upstairs. 
“I’ll fix us something to eat,” Lee said. Lucy turned and nodded. Lee looked through all the cabinets and found several baby bottles. He took the dried milk from the pack and mixed it with water that he warmed on the stove. He loaded the tray with food and went upstairs. 
He found Lucy curled up with the children in another bedroom. She held her finger to her mouth. Lee sat the tray on the side night stand. Lucy easily got up, and walked over to Lee. She leaned in and kissed him. Lee looked over and saw the little boy rubbing his eyes. The baby kicked and flared its arms. Lucy walked over to the tray and took the bottle. She sat on the bed and picked up the baby.  She ate greedily. Lee did the same with the little boy. He took the plate over and sat it in front of him. The boy shoved the food in his mouth. 
“Now, slow down little fella. You don’t want to get choked.” He handed the little boy the glass of milk. He drank about half of it before he stopped. The little guy stood up and hugged Lee. Lee looked over at Lucy who smiled. Lee picked the little boy up. 
“What do you say we go and get a bath?” The little boy hugged him again. Lee noticed some kid’s toys in the corner of the room. He walked over to the closet and opened it. He rummaged through the hanging clothes. He pulled down a shirt. “It might be a little big, but it will fit better than one of mine.” Lee turned and went into the bathroom. He walked over to the tub and ran a few inches of water. He pulled a few bottles of shampoo out of the cabinet. He found towels and clothes in the closet too. He stripped the little guy and sat him down. He wetted his hair and scrubbed him. He stood back and let the little fella play for a few more minutes. He then stepped forward and leaned down. “Come on little fella.” He raised his hands ready to go. Lee dried him off and pulled the shirt over his head. “I think you’re ready for bed.” He rubbed his eyes. Lee picked him up and took him back into the bedroom. 
Lucy sat on the bed rocking the baby. Lee looked out the window. There were hordes of the things out there. He knew they always came out more at night, but he never really was anywhere other than the farm. 
“There’s so many of those things out there!” Lee walked over to the bed and pulled the covers back. Michael crawled under them. Lee bent down and kissed him on the forehead. Lee stood up and walked over to Lucy. The baby’s eyes were still open. 
“I think I’ll take her in and give her a bath. Maybe she’ll go to sleep.” Lucy got up and went into the bathroom. Lee heard the water in the sink running. Lee rummaged again through the closet. He pulled another shirt down. He walked into the bathroom and laid it on the counter. 
“Might be big, but it’s clean.” He kissed Lucy and turned and left. He looked at Michael laying there in the bed. The little fella had already closed his eyes. Lucy finally came out and walked over to the bed. She picked up the bottle and fed the baby a little more. Finally, she pulled back the covers and put the baby under them. She made sure she was secured, she turned to Lee. She walked over to him and kissed him. 
 “Let’s check out the other bedrooms, maybe we’ll find something we can use. Then we will take a shower.” She grabbed Lee by the belt and led him out of the room. 
Lee followed her into the far bedroom. They checked the dressers and closets. Everything that was there was much too big for Michael and Michelle. They left and went into the middle room. They both stopped- a nursery. 
“Jackpot!” Lucy looked at the baby bed, and all the toys. “We have to take all of this. Not only for them but for us.” Lee watched as she rubbed her belly. He walked over to her and grabbed her waist. 
“It can wait until later. I’m ready for that bath!” She leaned in and kissed him. He took her by the hand and led her back to the bedroom. He grabbed their bag. Lucy pulled out a barrier box and placed it at the doorway. 
“Just in case!” Lee pulled out some clothes and motioned for Lucy. They went into the bathroom and shut the door.
Lee laid back in the tub. Lucy laid on top of him. He knew they shouldn’t be doing this, but she was so ravenous when she was in the mood. Lee moved his legs. Lucy looked up at him smiling. 
“I think we should get out.” She kissed him and climbed out of the tub. He watched her walk over and grab a towel and start to dry herself off. He climbed out, and walked over to her. He couldn’t take his eyes off her naked body. She noticed his excitement and dropped the towel. She took him by the hand and led him to the far corner. Lee picked her up and placed her on the dryer top. “Oh, a washer and dry….” Lee pressed his lips to hers.
Chapter Sixteen
Lee turned over and covered his ears. He immediately sat up and looked at baby. Lucy had her head covered. He couldn’t help, but smile. He shook his head and picked up the baby. And as he did, the baby stopped crying. He scooted off of the bed and laid her down while he pulled on his pants, socks and shoes. He turned to look at Michael who was still sleeping and went out of the room to the staircase. He looked down and listened. All sounded clear. He moved on down the stairs took a left and went into the kitchen. He rinsed out a pot and put on some water. He took one of the other bottles out of the drainer. He watched as the water started to heat up. He made her a bottle and went to the living room to feed her. He sat quietly as she ate greedily. He noticed how thin the baby now looked. 
After a while, He looked out of the window and saw those things roaming all around. Some laying in piles, he knew they were lucky to have Lucy and her dad’s inventions. Lee turned back to Michelle. This time, she was slowly sucking the bottle. He took the bottle out of her mouth, pulled her to his shoulder and lightly patted her on the back. He rocked her back and forth until she fell asleep.  He then laid her on the couch and covered her up with a throw. He stood up and opened the front door. There was still many of those things out there. He didn’t feel safe here at all.  It would be a lot of work to clean a path out of here. Lee turned to the sound of feet. It was Michael standing at the top of the staircase rubbing his eyes. 
“Well good morning little man, you hungry?” Michael nodded his head yes. Lee went up the stairs, and picked him up. “Well, let’s see what we can find!” Lee carried him back into the kitchen. He rummaged through the bag. He pulled out a bag of oats, and sugar. A few moments later he placed two bowls of steaming hot oats on the table. Michael picked up his spoon, and began to eat. Lee sat a warm cup of milk beside of him.
After breakfast, Lee picked up Michelle and took Michael by the hand and led them back upstairs. Lucy still had her head covered up. He laid the sleeping baby on the bed and covered her up. He picked up the two kids dirty clothes and walked into the bathroom. He opened the lid on the washer. Michael watched him. 
“Let’s see if this thing will work.” He tossed in the clothes, dumped in some cleaner, and pushed the knob. The machine came to life. “Well buddy, you might have some nice clean clothes.” Lee swooped down and picked Michael up. Back in bedroom, Lucy was finally sitting up. “Good Morning!” Lee sat on her side of the bed and leaned in and kissed her. “Everyone has been fed. Little Michelle at a whole bottle. Little man here ate a big bowl of oats, with a full glass of milk.” Michael smiled nodding his head yes. Lucy pushed back the covers and got out of bed. 
“Well, that’s great.” She pulled on her socks and shoes. Lee looked at her. 
 “Are you ok?” Lucy nodded. 
“Just a little morning sickness!” She walked passed him and entered the bathroom. Lee could hear her barfing. He sat Michael on the bed. 
“Let’s go and check out the other rooms, maybe we will find some more clothes for you and your sister?” Michael held out his hand again. Lee picked him up, and off they went.
Lee and Michael went back into the nursery room. Everything they needed for their unborn child was here. Lee sat Michael on the little bed and opened the closet doors. Like the other closets, it too had dozens of outfits hanging. 
“Well buddy, these won’t fit you, but I believe they will your sister.” He turned around and saw Michael laying down. He had snuggled in the bed and covered himself up. Lee smiled and continued searching. He found several large suitcases in the closet. He began to fill them with the clothing. 
“Oh, this is horrible!” Lee looked in the doorway. He stood up and walked over to Lucy. 
“What’s wrong?” Lucy shook her head. 
“Just a little-upset stomach.” Lee swooped her off her feet and carried her back to the bedroom. He gently laid her down and pulled the cover over her. 
“Let me see what I can find. I’ll be back.” Lucy nodded and turned to Michelle. He watched as she snuggled with the baby. Lee turned and went into the bathroom. The medicine cabinet was empty. He wasn’t really expecting to find anything in a child’s room. He went back into the bedroom and into the hallway. He walked to the end and pushed the door open. Now this was a bedroom. He marveled at the four post bed. It was huge. Lee saw an open door and went through it.  He walked over to the medicine cabinet and opened it. He grabbed a bottle of pink bismuth and headed back to his room. Before he left the room, he turned and marveled at the room again.
As he got closer to the stairs he heard the all familiar smacking sound. He looked down, and saw one of the things at the base. He ran to the next bedroom and scooped Michael up. He ran back out into the hall. He saw the thing making its way up the stairs. He ran into the bedroom and shut the door. Lucy jumped up. 
“What’s wrong?” 
“They are inside! Something has stopped working!” Lucy tried to put her feet on the floor. “Stay in bed. I’ll take care of it!” Lee handed her the pink bismuth and laid Michael on the bed beside her. He walked over to the dresser and picked up his rifle. 
“The barrier boxes must be powering down. There’s a few more in my bag. You can’t do this alone.” Lucy threw back the covers. She slipped on her shoes and picked up her rifle. She rummaged through her bag and pulled out more barrier boxes. “Let’s go.” Lee stood looking at her. He shook his head. He knew she was sick, and she should be in bed. He also knew she was right. He needed someone to watch his back while he replaced the boxes. Lee cautiously opened the door. Lucy turned and looked at the kids. She walked over to them, and kissed them both. 
“Don’t worry. We’ll keep you safe!” Lucy turned and joined Lee and shut the door, as they stepped into the hallway.  One of the things was at the top of the stairs. Lee shot it. It hit the stairs with a thud. He moved down the stairs. He looked in the kitchen, and living room. All was clear. 
“How in the heck did it get in here?” Lucy walked over to the basement door. 
“Here!” Lee walked over to her and looked.  The barrier box still hummed, but as she stepped onto the first staircase a thing grabbed her. 
“Lee!” Lee hurried forward. He couldn’t shoot it with the rifle. He reached for his belt and pulled out his knife. He jabbed it into the things head. It went limp, and fell back over the railing. Lee watched as it hit the ground. Lucy went down the steps and grabbed the box. “It’s empty!” She held it up so Lee could see. She reached into her pocket and pulled out another one. She set it closer to the door and activated it. 
 “The ones outside should be ok. They should charge, but we probably should go and check them. Just to be sure.” Lee nodded. He walked over to the front door and opened it. Lucy gasped as she saw the things laying around. “Oh my! I’m surprised the barrier held.” She went down the steps. 
Lee followed Lucy as she walked around the barrier. She stopped on the side patio, when she saw the lady lying there. Lee walked up to her and put his arms around her. 
“She turned just as I laid her down.” Lucy turned to him. 
“They will never know their mother.” She sniffled and buried her face into Lees shoulder. She backed away. “Let’s check the others, so we can get back inside to the children.” She turned and walked on. Lee followed her. Lee shook his head as they got to the back of the house.  There was piles and piles of the things laying everywhere. Lucy bent down and picked up the third box. She held it so Lee could see it. 
“It’s already halfway charged.”  She put it back and continued on. On the far corner she stopped again. There were several living things clawing relentlessly at the barrier. She took the rifle off her shoulder and killed them. “I’ve never seen so many of them. We need to pack up what we can, and leave here.” She went down the side to the last box. It too was charging. “I think we’ll be ok. All four are charging. We’ll be safe!” She turned and went back into the house. Lee looked out at the sea of dead things, and walked over to the vehicle. He saw no way to get around all of the dead things. He shook his head, and went back into the house. It would take several days to clear them all so they could get out.
Inside, he saw Lucy holding Michelle in the living room. “Where’s Michael?” Lucy stopped and looked at him. “He’s still asleep!” Lee turned and went up the stairs. He sneaked in quietly to the bedroom. He saw Michael laying on his back snoring. Lee turned and headed for the nursery. He picked up where he left off. He stuffed all he could in the bags. He looked at the bed. He wished upon everything he could take it with them. There just wasn’t the room. Lee carried the bags downstairs. 
“What’s all of that?” Lee walked over to her. “I packed all the clothes in the nursery. We should be set. There’s more than enough for these two, and our little one. He rubbed her belly. 
“Are you feeling better?” She nodded.  
“I wish we could take the baby bed with us. Just not enough room.” Lucy looked at him. 
“I saw a trailer on the side. Maybe we can use it? I don’t think there will be anything left if we wait and come back. I’ve never seen so many of those things.” Lee kissed her. 
“I’ll go and see if we can use it. It’s going to take a while to clear those dead things out of our way.” Lucy shook her head. She reached into her bag and pulled out an imploder bomb. 
“We could do it the easy way!” Lee laughed. He turned and headed for the kitchen. He opened the patio door and stepped back outside. He bent down and picked up the children’s mom.  He walked over to the boundary and threw her on the pile of dead things. He walked up the side until he saw the small trailer. Lucy was right. It wasn’t that big, but it would be enough to haul back the bed. He pulled his rifle from his shoulder and fired at two things. He watched as they hit the ground dead. He walked over to the trailer and examined it. It was the perfect size. He grabbed a chain and latched it into the eye, and started to drag it. When he got the boundary, he started picking up the things and tossing them to the side. He pulled the tailor with all his might into the barrier. He was proud of himself. He thought about the bed upstairs. His child would have one of the finest. He dropped the chain in front. He turned and saw Lucy standing on the porch. 
“You got it!” Lee nodded and ran up the steps. 
“Kids asleep?” Lucy nodded. Lee took her by the hand and led her back inside. “Pack what you think we could use.” He ran up the stairs. He looked around the nursery and smiled. He pulled the mattress out of the frame and stripped off all the bedding. He spent the next twenty minutes there tearing it apart. When he was done he grabbed the mattress, and headed down the stairs. When he got to the bottom he saw Lucy asleep with both children. He put the mattress down and covered them with the throw.  He picked up the mattress and went out the door. Outside he saw numerous things. He laid the mattress in the trailer and ran back inside. He was grateful they had found this house, and the baby things. He skipped the steps as he went back upstairs. He grabbed the rest of the pieces, after he slung his rifle onto his shoulder. 
Lee packed the bed, and cases into the trailer. He made sure they were secured. Then he blasted the things. When he turned to go back into the house he saw Lucy standing. 
“You’ve been busy!” Lee walked up to her and kissed her. 
“I think I’ve got everything.” He turned and looked at the trailer. 
“Once we get packed we’ll gather the barrier boxes, and get our packs. I’d like to get on the road soon. We don’t want to get caught outside after dusk.” Lucy nodded and turned back to the house. They could hear the things in the basement smacking their jaws. “Let’s get packed and out of here!” Lucy nodded. “I’ll go to the bedroom, and get the children’s clothes and our bags.” Lee turned and went into the kitchen. He pushed all the remaining food into the satchel. He looked around. He turned off the light then he remembered. How were they going to get the power cell from the basement? He heard Lucy come back down the stairs. 
“Hey!” She turned to look at him. “The power cell, how do we get it?” Lucy looked at her watch. She dug in her bag and handed him an imploder bomb. 
“Use this, we can’t leave it behind.” Lee nodded. He walked over to the basement door and opened it. He heard the hum from the barrier box. He looked to his right and found the light switch. As he flipped it on the sound was deafening. He looked down over the banister. The basement was literally filled with the things. 
“Lucy!” Lucy came running. She looked down in the basement. 
“We have to get out of here. Let’s get everything loaded, and create a path, then we’ll blow the power cell.” Lee nodded. They spent the next few hours loading the vehicle. Lee attached the trailer. 
“Are we ready to start?” Lee turned to see Lucy with an imploder. Lee looked at her. 
“This is going to be tricky once I pull those barrier boxes this place is going to be swarming with those things. 
“We don’t have to pull them.” She pulled out her tablet. “I can overload and blow them, and the power cell. Get in, and get ready with the bomb. Lee did as Lucy told him. He watched her do her magic. 
“Throw it now!” Lee threw the bomb. He watched it hit about middle of the horde. The bomb hissed and sucked everything in. The things were pulled from all directions. Lucy pushed the button and the barrier boxes exploded. When things settled Lee pressed the pedal. They lurched forward. He could hear the drones flying close by. Lucy turned around and checked on the children. She pulled her rifle from the floor. They saw many things coming from the sides. She grinned seeing the bomb didn’t destroy the house. They didn’t want to get surrounded. Lucy blasted, before they could get on the road. She pointed at the dress shop. 
“Your sister’s fabric?” Lee shook his head. 
“Look, it’s overran.” Lucy turned back to shooting the things. Lucy watched as they passed the shop. Soon they were bouncing back towards the farm. Lee saw both drones flying ahead of them. 
“I think we’ll be ok now.” Lee saw wide open space ahead. He reached to the middle and pulled out the walkie talkie. “Here, let them know where we are, and we should be back soon.” Lucy took the walkie talkie and pressed the button. 
“Jim, are you there?” Finally, they heard a voice. 
“Yes, we are here.” 
“We will be back soon. We have some new additions.” Lucy let the button go. The walkie talkie crackled again. 
“We look forward to the additions. Just get back safely. We’ll see you soon.” The walkie talkie went dead. 
“Sounds like they are excited to meet these two.” Lucy turned around and looked at the children. Michael had his eyes open, watching the scenery as they bounced closer home. Michelle was still asleep. Lucy was glad that Lee had found a car seat in the closet. She turned around to look at her tablet. 
“Lee stop!” Lee slowly stopped. 
“What is it?” Lucy reached her pad over to him. 
“I don’t see how we’ll get around them.” About a mile or so up the road, there was a huge horde of the things. 
“Can we use a drone and drop an imploder on them?” Lucy shook her head. 
“We used the last one back at the house.” She rummaged through her bag. She pulled out 3 barrier boxes and one little bomb. “This is all that’s left. That bomb won’t kill many of them!” Lee took it, and thought for a moment. 
“What if we drop it over here in the trees? You know start a fire. Maybe they will shift directions. If they don’t we’ll have to go around them.” Lucy looked at the trees. 
“That might work.” She took her tablet back. A few minutes later one of the drones landed in front of the vehicle. Lee got out, and loaded the bomb on the base. He stepped back and the drone took off. He watched as it rose higher in the sky. He saw the blast. He jumped back in the vehicle, and looked at the tablet. “I think it’s working. Some are shifting. They are going towards the fire.” Lee leaned over and gave Lucy a kiss. 
“I’m smart too!” She smiled at him. They watched the screen. Most of the things went towards the fire. 
“You think we can get through?” Lucy looked at the screen. While most of the things have moved off the road, there was still quite a few there. She pushed some buttons on the tablet. 
“Go, I’ll take care of as many as I can!” Lee pushed the pedal down. Lee heard the firing from the drone. As they approached, where the horde was, Lee saw many lying dead. 
“Go, floor it.” Lee did as Lucy said. He saw some things turn and start back. He ran over those that were in the way. Lucy turned and checked on the children. 
“Are they ok?” 
“They are fine for now, but if we don’t get out of here, we’re all going to be monster chow!” Lee floored the vehicle. They bounced forward as fast as the vehicle could go. The things that laid on the road slowed them down considerably. Lee grabbed his rifle and shot several close by. Lucy was still using the drone. Lee let off the pedal. 
“Switch places!” Lee jumped out and ran to the side of the road. The things turned and went after him. 
“Are you crazy?” Lucy scooted over into the driver side. Lee ran over to pull the dead things out of the way. He turned and shot several others. It seemed like they fought for hours. Lee was still on foot clearing the way. The drone followed on autopilot. It was no longer shooting. 
“We’re almost there!” They could see the barn roofs, but they were far from danger. The things still came out of the woods. Lee ran over to the vehicle and grabbed the walkie talkie. 
“Dad, are you there?” The walkie talkie crackled. 
“Yes, we’re here!” Jims stated.
“We’re on the road. There’s too many of them. We need help!” He heard the walkie talkie go quiet. Lee continued to shoot. They inched closer and closer to the farm, but Lee knew they were in great trouble. They were getting surrounded, and sooner or later they would enclose on them. The children started crying. The baby wailed loudly. Lee kept shooting, he pulled as many as he could out of the way.
Lee heard a rumbling ahead of them. He saw the huge RV come rolling towards them. He watched as it plowed through the things. It stopped right in front them. Jim jumped out shooting. He motioned for Lucy to go. 
“Floor it, go!” Lucy lurched forward. Running over the dead things. 
“Come on Lee!” He watched his father jump back in the RV. He climbed on the passenger side. The things started to surround them. His father hit the gas pedal. They mowed down the things. His father whipped the wheel and drove down into the grass. They headed back towards the farm. Lee saw Lucy pulling the vehicle up to the front porch of the house. He saw her jump out and grab her rifle and start shooting. The barrier was just ahead of them. They rolled on the farm. Safe at last. Lee swung the door open, and grabbed Lucy. 
“Are the children ok?” He asked.
“Yes.” she replied. Lee saw his mother and grandmother unbuckling the children. 
“Watch out!” Lee felt something grab his leg. A thing with no legs. Lee tried to shake it off. It smacked its jaws trying its best to make contact. Lucy jabbed it in the head with her knife. They ran back to the house. They saw a few things crawling on the ground. 
“Let them get in the open then we’ll dispose them.” Lee nodded to his father. They both walked over to the porch and sat down. Lee looked over at Lucy. 
 “Why don’t you go in and help the children. We’ll take care of this.” Lucy nodded. 
 “Sounds good. Listen to them cry!” Lucy went up the stairs, into the house.
Inside, she saw both Darla and Ruth bouncing the kids. Trying to calm them down. Michael stretched out his arms when he saw her. Lucy walked up and took him. He immediately stopped crying. Michelle wailed continuously. She sat Michael on the table, and held out her arms. Once Michelle was in her arms. She quieted down. Darla and Ruth stood watching them. Lucy saw dinner was almost done. 
“Do we have any milk in here? She’s probably hungry!” Lucy reached into bag and pulled out a bottle. Ruth stepped forward and took it. Darla opened the refrigerator and took out a pitcher of milk. Ruth washed out the bottle, and handed it to Darla. Darla filled it up with milk, and handed it to Lucy. Lucy just looked at them. “It needs warmed up!” Darla grabbed it back and stuck it in the microwave. Lucy couldn’t help but think neither of the ladies were happy. The microwave finally dinged. Lucy took the bottle and tested it on her wrist. She walked over to the sink and ran some cold water over the bottle. Lucy walked over to a chair and pulled it out. Michelle took the bottle. She looked up at Darla. 
“Is something wrong?” Darla leaned back onto the sink. Lucy knew she was mad about something. She looked at Ruth. 
“Well?” Ruth tapped her fingers on the counter. 
“We do have a problem. You are pregnant, you should be in bed resting, and not going on these stupid trips. You endanger your unborn child, and my grandson. We need to stop worrying about the people out there, and focus on the people in here.” 
Lucy stood up. She held Michelle out. 
“So, we were supposed to just leave these innocent children out there as meal for those things? How about him.” She pointed to Michael who sat watching them. 
“Don’t you forget that you’re safe because of me, and my dead family? If I choose to go out into this world and save someone, not you or anyone else will stop me!” Lucy picked up Michael and went upstairs. Lee came into the door. 
“What’s all the screaming about? Where’s Lucy?” Ruth pointed to the stairs. Lee turned and skipped up the stairs. Lee saw Lucy lying on bed. Michael was running around, and Michelle was lying beside Lucy. 
“What’s going on?” Lucy sat up. She kept her head down. Lee sat beside of her, and wrapped his arms around her. Lucy sniffled. 
 “I don’t think I’ll ever be good enough for your mom and grandma. Your grandma blamed me for putting you in danger. She said we shouldn’t have risked our lives going after the children. They hate me!” Lucy wailed. Lee got up and shut the door. He sat back down, and grabbed a hold of Lucy. 
“Don’t pay any attention to them. What they say doesn’t matter. We know we did the right thing.” Lee watched as Michael ran around the room exploring. Lee stood up. “I’ll be back in a while” Lee bent down. 
“Hey Michael, would you like to go with me and meet some people?” Michael came over to him and held out his arms. Lee picked him up. 
Lee heard his family as he descended the stairs. He turned and went into the kitchen. Everyone was seated at the table getting ready for dinner. Everyone turned and looked at him and became quiet. Lee looked at each of them. 
“So, Lucy is upstairs crying, and upset. It seems she was blamed for putting my life in danger to save this.” Lee held out Michael. 
 “I want you all to meet Michael. I want you to look at the person next to you. You know our family. We have each other. Do you know where this little fella’s momma is?” Everyone fixed their eyes on Michael. 
“Well, let me tell you. I picked up her lifeless body and tossed it on a pile of those dead things after her arm was torn to shreds, by the teeth of a thing. She told us to do her a favor by taking care of her children. She didn’t ask for anything more. Yes, it’s true we had some trouble, and we could have been killed. But would any of you have done anything different to save the life of this little boy?” Lee put Michael down. He looked at his mom and grandma. 
“I think you two need to go talk to Lucy. She’s hurt, and thinks you two don’t like her!” Darla started to cry. She scooted out her chair. She stopped next to Ruth. 
 “Get your ass up. You’re the one who did this.” Ruth sat there looking at Darla. Finally, she scooted her chair out, and headed up the stairs.
Awhile later Lucy came down the stairs holding Michelle. Darla and Ruth followed her. Lee pulled out Lucy’s chair. She looked over at Lee and nodded. 
“Everything is fine.” Lee watched as his grandma sat down. Darla began dishing the food on the table. Michael pounded on the table ready to eat. 
Chapter Seventeen
“Up, up” Lee threw the covers off and grabbed Michael. He pulled up his shirt and blew on his belly. He giggled and ran out of the door. Lee looked over at Lucy who still had the covers pulled over her head. He slipped on his pants, and shoes and went downstairs. Everyone was already seated at the breakfast table. As he joined the table, he eyes went over to the wedding things displayed in the kitchen. He took his plate of food and started eating. 
 “Where’s Lucy?” Lee looked up at his mom. 
“She didn’t sleep much last night. She wasn’t comfortable.” 
“Oh, I remember those days. The hot flashes, the upset stomach. Well, she needs to get up soon. So we can put the finish touches on her gown.” 
Lee looked at the corner where the dress was. “I don’t know why we’re making such a big fuss. It’s not like it will be a real wedding!” Darla moved close to him and hit him on the head with the oven mit. 
“Don’t you dare say that around Lucy! A woman’s wedding day is something special.” Lee rubbed his hand over his head. 
“Well, crack him again Darla. He says it all the time.” Everyone turned to see Lucy standing at the door. Her stomach protruding. Lee got up and pulled out her chair as she got close. Darla slid a plate of food across the table. She sat down and began to eat. 
After breakfast, Lee chased Michael around the house. He giggled as Lee tried to catch him. Lucy sat in the chair watching them play. Jim came into the room. 
“I think it’s time we get started on clean up.” Lee stopped and laid down on the floor. Michael jumped off the chair on him. He giggled. 
“Ok, little one. I’ll be back later to play some more.” Michael nodded and ran off into the kitchen. Lee stood up and walked to his father. Jim patted his son on the back. 
 “I remember when I use to play with you like that! The boy really likes you!” Lee nodded. “He’s fun to be with, and obviously I love him!” Lee waked around his father as he stepped out of the door. He groaned looking at the pile of dead things. Since their last adventure a few weeks ago, there seemed to be more things. Lee followed his dad as he did every morning to get the big vehicle. He and his father worked through the morning removing all the dead things. He saw Lucy outside with one of her drones. He knew she’s been keeping an eye on the other farm. There had been fights for leadership. 
“Does she ever stop?” Lee looked at his father. “You have no idea!” 
His father laughed and hauled away the last load of bodies. Lee watched as he dumped them further away from the barn, and began to cover them. He turned again to look at Lucy. He saw the drone fly off, while Lucy sat down on the porch step. His father hit the horn. 
“Move!” Lee jumped out of the way while he drove the vehicle back to the barn and locked it up. Jim patted him on the back. “You can go ahead.” Lee smiled and ran over to Lucy.
Lucy stood up when she saw him coming. She smiled at him. 
“Ah, you stink!” Lee leaned in to kiss her but she backed off. 
“I don’t think so. You need a hot bath.” Lee attempted again. 
 “NO!” Lucy sat back down. “There is a fight on the farm.” Lee kissed her on the head and ran off into the house. As soon as Michael saw him, he ran forward and pounced on him. Lee picked him up and tossed him into the air. “Stink!” Michael held his nose. Lee could hear Lucy giggling. 
“Ok, I know I stink. I’ll go take a bath.” Lee sat Michael down, and went upstairs. He went straight into the bathroom, and scrubbed every inch of his body. The smell of the dead things was very bad. As soon as he was done bathing, he opened the shower door and saw Lucy. 
“Done already?” He grabbed his towel and wrapped it around himself. He looked at her partially naked. 
“Well, that depends. Did you lock the door?” Lucy nodded. Lee let the towel hit the floor.
Lee came down the stairs an hour later. He saw Michael running back and forth between the living room and kitchen. Lee stopped and waited for him to enter the kitchen. He hid behind the wall and when he saw his little feet running, Lee swooped him up and Michael screamed. Lee tickled him unconditionally and put him down. He leaned down and kissed him on the head. Michael walked over to him and hugged his leg. 
“No stink!” Lee laughed as he ran off into the living room. His grandmother was sitting in the far chair feeding Michelle. 
“How is she doing?” She held a finger to her mouth. Lee nodded and turned to the kitchen. His mom was already preparing lunch. She turned and looked at Lee. 
“Where’s Lucy?” “She took a shower and laid down for a while.” She gave him one of her looks. Lee turned and went back outside.
Lee sat down at the monitors. He looked at the many cameras. All was quiet. He opened the bottom drawers and pulled out a small box. He had spent the last few days in here making their wedding bands with some old jeweler he had found in the mansion where the rescued the children. He looked at the bars of silver and gold. He had melted it all down. His dad had made several molds for the rings.  
“Are we ready to melt it back down, and pour in the molds?” Lee jumped. He thought he was alone. As he turned, he saw his father standing there. 
“I think so.” He threw the gold bar to his father.” 
“Well, let’s melt this stuff down again.” They worked the next few hours melting down the metals and pouring it into the molds. 
“Well, let’s see if it worked!” Jim picked up the first mold and hit the side with a hammer. The ring fell to the counter with a low clang. He did the same to the other. Lee picked both up and looked at them. 
“Doesn’t look bad!” Lee turned around and took a diamond from the box. He held it up to his father. His father took it. 
“Wow!” He took the ring meant for Lucy and held the diamond to the top. 
 “She’ll sink if she ever gets in the water!” Lee chuckled. 
“Lee, where are you?” Jim jumped. “I told them to keep her busy!” They hurriedly put the rings back in the box. 
“Here you are. What are you two doing?” Both of them tried to look innocent. Lee’s father got up and left. Lucy turned back to Lee. 
“Well?” Lee stood up and walked over to her, and kissed her. 
“Wedding stuff!” Lucy looked around the room. Lee saw her looking at the molds on the work area. He walked over and took them. 
“Wedding stuff!” Lee smiled. 
“Like what?” She walked over to him and gave him a kiss. She tried taking the boxes from his pockets.
“No, just wait until the wedding!” He turned and headed for the door!
He found his father close to the barriers edge. “Did she find out?” Lee shook his head. “I grabbed the molds from the table and hid them.” He pulled them out of his pocket. 
“Let’s hide them over there in the barn.” Lee followed his father. Lee heard running behind him. He turned just in time to see Michael running to him. Lee grabbed him before he hit the barrier. 
“Slow down little champ!” Darla came running. 
 “I tried to stop him. I couldn’t keep up with him.” Lee handed him over. 
“Listen, little fella. You can’t run away like that. It’s dangerous out here. If you hit this.” Lee stuck his arm through the barrier wall. 
“You will get hurt, do you understand?” Michael nodded. “Sorry, pop!” 
Darla started to walk back to the house. Michael wiggled and flared his arms and legs. “No, stay pop!” Darla turned back around. Lee walked over and took him from her. “Hold my hand ok!” Michael nodded. The three of them walked through the barrier. 
“You shouldn’t take him out there!” Jim turned and looked at his wife. 
“We’ll be ok! Be back shortly!” Darla watched as they went into the barn. It worried her that Michael was outside the barrier, but there wasn’t anything she could do about it. She has never stepped foot on the outside since they have arrived there, and she wasn’t ready to start. She walked back to the house. 
Lee and his father entered the barn. His father shot two things that came after them. 
“Keep hold of him!” Lee walked over to his father and handed him the boxes. He watched as he walked over to the wall and put the two molds in a sack. 
“There they should be safe.” His father turned back to him. 
“Now, shall we talk about you and Lucy?”  This sounded a little awkward to Lee. His father had never asked about his relationship. Only wise cracks about his sex life. 
“What do you mean?” He watched his father pace back and forth. 
“Well, what are your plans after the wedding, and the boy?” Lee became speechless. He looked at Michael. 
“Michael isn’t going anywhere! Our plans after the wedding? We’re not going anywhere!” Lee walked outside. He pointed to the RV. 
“I brought that here so we could have a little privacy.” 
“Where did this come from?” Jim walked around, and looked at the RV. 
“Your mom has been worried. She’s afraid you may pack up and leave. Possibly a misunderstanding. I mean, where would she get such an idea?” Jim walked towards the house. 
“Stop, did Lucy say something about us leaving?” Jim continued to walk towards the house. 
“That’s between you, and your soon to be wife!  Maybe you should ask her?” 
Lee didn’t know what to think. Why would she say they were leaving? It didn’t make sense to him. Lee carried Michael back into the barrier, and then sit him on the ground. 
“Go, run back to the house, but remember to stay away from the sides!” Michael hurried. Lee watched as he ran off towards the house. Lee headed towards the cellar. He figured Lucy was in there working. The door was wide open. Lee entered the cellar. He was furious. He found Lucy working on one of her drones. She looked up as he entered the room. 
“Well, hi there.” She walked over to him and tried to kiss him, but he backed off. 
“What’s wrong?” Lee looked at her. 
“Why is my dad under the impression that were leaving after the wedding?” Lucy looked at him. 
“Your mom takes everything too seriously. I mentioned the mansion, and how nice it would be to call it home. Just you, me and our baby. That’s all.” Lee watched her. He didn’t know who to believe anymore. 
“Well yes that would have been nice, but our home is here.” Lee grabbed her by the waist. 
“I love you, and our baby.  There’s nothing more I’d like than to live with you in our own home. It will happen one day. I promise you.” Lee kissed her. She smiled back at him. Lee couldn’t help but feel something else was going on. He knew Lucy wouldn’t just make plans. He did believe she said something that his mother took completely out of text. He shrugged his shoulders. Oh, well he thought. 
He watched Lucy make adjustments to the drone. 
 “Would you carry it outside please?” Lee nodded and picked up the drone. She followed him with the tablet. 
“Let’s see what’s up at the other farm.” She pushed the screen and the drone responded. He watched as it rose into the air and disappeared. He moved closer to Lucy, and watched the screen. He saw the drone soaring through the air. The farm finally came into view. Lucy hovered it over so they could pretty much see the whole thing. 
“Look!” Lucy pointed to the right side. A group of men had several others on the ground with their hands behind their heads. 
“They are at each other’s throats.” They watched as they hit the ground dead. Lucy squealed. Lee watched as she took the drone into the barrier and began shooting. They saw several of the other men hit the ground jerking. The others ran for cover. Lee grabbed Lucy’s hand.  
“Please, don’t. Maybe you should just let them all go.” Lucy looked at Lee. She pushed some buttons, and turned walking away.
Lee followed her back into the cellar. She sat down in a chair. He could see the drone on its way back. 
“Why are you so mad at me?” She ignored him. 
“Hey!” She turned around in her chair. 
“I let them go as you asked. Now just leave me alone!” 
“OK, so why are you so mad?” She rubbed her belly. 
“We’ll just have to kill them at our boundary. You know as well as I do, it’s just a matter of time before they try to break in.” Lee held up the pad. 
“So, let them! Then that would be their choice. If they choose to die, then so be it. That’s a lot different than watch them kill each other.” Lee turned and walked away. He was so furious. He didn’t understand what’s gotten into Lucy the last few days. 
Back in the house his mom was in the kitchen. He looked at his watch. It was past three. 
 “Where’s Lucy?” Lee looked at his mom. 
“She’s working on the drone. She’s not so happy at the moment.” Lee walked over to his mom. “Exactly what did she say about moving away?” Her eyes got big. She shook her head. 
“Really nothing, she just mentioned how she’d like to have a house like the mansion, that’s all. Your grandma must have said something to your father. She always adds more to the story. Don’t worry about it son.” She walked over to Lee and hugged him. He then brought out the rings. 
 “Oh my, your father did this?”  “Yes,” he replied. 
“He made the molds. He dug into his pocket and brought out the diamond. 
 “Oh, Lee it’s so beautiful.” “What’s that?” Lee shoved the rings and diamond back into his pocket. Lee turned to see Lucy at the door. 
“It’s for the wedding. A big surprise.” Her face lit up. 
“Can I see?” Lee shook his head no. 
“You’re just no fun today.” She walked over and gave Lee a kiss. 
“I thought you were mad?” Lucy shook her head. “I’m fine. I know your right. Most of the men headed towards town. Some have stayed on the farm. They know they can’t harm us.” 
She took Lee by the hand. “I’m sleepy, how about a nap?” Darla turned back to the stove. Lee was led up the stairs by Lucy. 
 Lucy pushed him to the bed. He smiled, her appetite for love making has always been insatiable. “Pop, pop!” Michael jumped on the bed in-between them. 
“Michael!” Lucy got up and grabbed him. 
“Go back downstairs!” Michael stood sniffling. 
“Ah, he wants to play.” Lee stood up and swooped him up. He looked at Lucy. 
“I’ll be back.” Lee went downstairs. 
“Back already?” Lee looked at his mother and father. Both grinned. His father spoke up. 
“That didn’t take long. Gives a new meaning to quickie.” Lee snickered. 
“Ha ha!” Lee turned and went into the living room. His grandparents sat in the corner reading. Lee sat Michael down on the couch and turned on the TV. He put in a cartoon DVD. Michael sat glued to the television. Lee got up, and went back to the kitchen. His parents looked at him. Lee smiled. “Ha!” He turned and ran up the stairs.
He entered the bedroom. Lucy was already snoring. 
“Well crap!” He turned and went back downstairs. 
 “Quickie?” Lee shook his head and chuckled. “She’s asleep!” Jim laughed. 
 “Well what do you say we finish those wedding rings?” They worked on the rings until they were finally done. His father smoothed the edges, and added the diamond to Lucy’s ring. 
“Never thought I could make a ring as good as the ones sold in a jewelry store!” Lee nodded at his father. 
“Do you hear that?” His father looked up. 
“What is it?” Lee started walking into the cellar. As they neared the door it got louder. They walked out into the sun. There on the far end of the farm was a woman yelling. Behind her were several men. Lee and his father walked over to them. 
“Please, let us in. Those things are after us!” He turned around and pointed. They saw several things coming down the hill. 
“We’re sorry fellas, but we don’t allow people in here. If you want to survive, you had better move on.” Jim turned to leave. 
“I’ll kill her!” He turned back around. The woman struggled to get away from the man. He held a knife to her throat. Jim took the rifle from his shoulder. 
“I swear mister, I’ll slit her throat.” Lee walked over to his father. 
“We can’t let them in.” Jim looked at this son. 
“So, we just let the guy kill her?” Lee shrugged his shoulders. 
“Remember the children? Wasn’t anything innocent about them?” Lee and Jim started walking back to the house. 
“Don’t walk away from us!” They heard the woman gasp. Lee turned to see her bleeding out on the ground. He pointed his rifle at the guy and shot. He was hit right in the chest. He immediately hit the ground shaking. His buddy turned to run, but Jim shot. He fell to the ground shaking. Lee walked up to the barrier and looked at the woman. She had stopped moving. Her eyes wide open. Lee looked at his dad. 
 “Those things are getting closer.” His father looked at the small group. The guy was starting to stir. Lee watched as his father raised his rifle and shot him. The guy twitched. “Come on!” They walked through the barrier, and met the things. They shot them one after the other. 
“I don’t know why we did this for them.” Jim turned and looked at men laying on the ground. He looked towards the house. Lucy was coming. She walked through the barrier. Lee watched her flipped over the men. She stood up. 
“They are from the farm. I recognize the woman too.” She looked up at lee. “What are you going to do with them?” Lee looked at Lucy. “I don’t know. What do you think?” Lucy looked at the men. “Leave them, they deserve what they get. They just murdered a woman.” With that she turned and headed towards the cellar. 
“She told me they would come. I asked her to release them. Now we have them to deal with.” Lee followed her. The guys started to move. Jim bent down and grabbed one by the shirt, and pulled him up to his face. 
“I won’t save you again.  Get out of here.”  Jim let him go. He turned and walked back to the farm. Jim sat on the porch watching the men as they got on their feet and climbed the hill, not looking back. He knew they would be back. He looked around. Who wouldn’t want this place? He stood and went into the house.
Lee got up and pulled on his pants. He looked at Lucy. Just a few more days she would be his wife. He quietly put on his shoes and shirt and walked to the front door. 
“Leaving already?” He turned to see her eyes open. 
“I was going to let you sleep!” She stood up totally naked and walked over to him. She leaned in and kissed him. 
 “I’m so glad we found each other.” She walked back to where the blanket was and picked up her clothes. 
“Your mom will be pounding on the door soon. I’m sure it’s time for dinner.” Lucy reached into her pants pocket and pulled out the remote. She unlocked all the cellar doors. Lee watched as she got dressed. Lucy caught his stare. 
“You like what you see? Maybe I’ll let you see it again in a while?” Lee smiled. “I’d like that very much.” Lucy got dressed. 
“I’ve been working on new barrier boxes. Come I’ll show you.” Lee followed her back to the control room. 
“I thought you were updating the drones?” 
“I did, and I remembered we blew up the last few barrier boxes we had, so I started making new ones. I’ve updated them a little.” She picked up a smaller box and handed it to Lee. She did the same. She held it in her hand and pressed the top button. She immediately disappeared. “Nice!” Lucy pushed the button and she became visible. 
“I thought it might come in handy. They also automatically connect to the main power for a more sustained grid.  We need to test them to see how far we can push them, but I’m certain they are just a little better than dad’s.” Lee leaned in and kissed her. 
“He would be so proud of what you’ve accomplished.” She looked him in the eyes. 
“It’s all him, I’m just following his plans.” She pointed at the screen. There on the screen were plans, not for the boxes, but what looked like spiders. 
“What are those?” She opened the top drawer and pulled one of the things out. 
“These are the answer to your daily, stinky routine. Come on.” She reached into the drawer and pulled out a few more. She grabbed her tablet. Lee followed her outside to the barrier. He could see the things they had killed earlier. Lucy put the spider looking objects down, and stepped back. Lee watched as the robot spiders began to twitch. All of a sudden they came to life. Lucy punched the buttons on her pad. 
 “Watch!” The spiders took off. They went through the barrier and headed towards the hill. Lee lost view, all that was visible was a shiny glare. The dead things started to twitch. 
“What’s happening?” Lucy just grinned. Lucy looked at Lee. 
“Scavenger bots, they are cleaners. Dad never got to build them, only made the plans. One can use them to get rid of waste. They eat anything and everything, and convert it into energy that’s stored in a small cell under their bodies.” She bent down and picked one of them up. Lee saw the glowing cell. Lucy pulled the cell off. 
“Once it’s full we can use it as a power source if we ever need more power.” Lee stepped back. 
“So you’re telling me, these things will eat all the dead things in the morning, and all we have to do is watch? No lifting, no stink?” He rushed forward and kissed her. 
 “You’re truly amazing!” Lee said.
“That she is!” They both turned to see Jim standing there. He bent down and picked up one of the robots. He turned it around in his hand. 
“Neat little gadget.” He put it back on the ground. 
“Dinner is ready, and I’ll warn you. Your mom isn’t happy. She tried to get into the cellar earlier and the doors wouldn’t open.” Lee looked over at Lucy and grinned. Jim saw the look on their faces. 
 “I’m supposed to come out here and have a talk with you about sex. Your mom, and grandma think you’re having too much of it!” Lucy laughed. Lee looked over at her, and laughed too. Jim just stood watching the two of them. 
“Just take everyone into consideration, if and when you choose to….um, well, you know.” Lee could tell he was embarrassed. Lucy grabbed Lee by the hand. 
“Come on let’s go for dinner. We’re not allowed to have sex.” Lee let out a laugh.
Lee and Lucy put the robots away, and went into the house for dinner. Everyone was eating but them. Lee’s mom had already placed two plates on their spots. Everyone watched as they sat down to eat. 
“I’m sorry we’re late. We had to have a quickie before supper!” Jim almost chocked. Everyone else didn’t think it was so funny. Michael came over to Lee and crawled up on his lap. 
“That’s no talk for the supper table.” Darla hissed. Jim was still laughing. They watched as Darla smacked him. 
“It’s not funny!” Jim tried to control himself.  Lee stood up. 
“Everyone, it’s our choice when and where we choose to engage. I promise you mom we will be discrete.” Lee sat back down. Everyone ate, and didn’t say another word. Jim pushed back his chair and rubbed his belly. 
“Think I’ll walk around the barrier and see what’s up.” Lee pushed back his chair too. 
“I’ll go with you.” 
Lee and his father went out into the evening. They could hear the smacking of the lips. Lee could see them up against the barrier. There was already a huge pile of them. 
“At least we won’t have to deal with hauling the bodies off anymore!” Jim stopped and pointed to the lower end. Lee looked.  There, as far as they could see way past the barns was an endless wave of the things. 
“Do you think the barrier will hold?” 
 “I think it will, but I’ll go get Lucy.” Lee turned and ran back to the house. Lucy was still sitting at the table. Everyone turned to the door. “Lucy we might have a problem.” he rushed forward and took her by the hand. She stood up and followed him out into the evening.
Chapter Eighteen
Lee and Lucy ran across the yard and met Jim who stood staring into the evening. Lee stopped and pointed. Lucy looked, and raised her hand to her mouth. 
 “Oh, my goodness.” She turned and ran towards the cellar. Lee followed her. 
“Grab the drones!” Lee reached over and grabbed one of them. Lucy grabbed the other and her tablet. She opened the top drawer and pulled out two of the imploder bombs. 
“Let’s go.” They doubled up with Jim outside the house. 
“Where did they come from?” Lee moved beside of his father. 
“It was the same way at the mansion.” Both Jim and Lee watched her do her thing. She attached a bomb to each of the drones and stood back. They all watched as the drones lifted into the air. 
“I’ll drop the bombs right in the center. The few that survives will be taken care of by the barrier.” Lee and Jim watched. The drones flew up over the horde, and the bomb dropped.  There was a bright flash and many of the things disappeared. The second drone performed the same action. The things were thinned out drastically. Lucy pushed more buttons. The blasts destroyed the things in all directions. 
“There’re so many of them!” Lee came close to Lucy. “Will the barrier hold?” Lucy nodded. 
“It might start power cycling, to keep up with the things. If it does, weak points will form and some may get in.” Lucy stated.
 “We need to get everyone to the cellar and seal it. I’ll go and get things moving.” Lee watched as his father turned and ran towards the house. Lucy continued shooting. She saw many fall, but more joined the group. Lee took the rifle from his shoulder and began shooting. “There’s just too many of them.” Lee grabbed Lucy’s hand. 
“Let’s join the others in the house. We can control the drones from there!” As she turned to go with Lee, one of the things grabbed her arm. Lucy screeched as Lee kicked it off, he raised his gun. It hit the ground with a thud. He watched as the usual black blood oozed from its mouth and ears. 
“We have to turn the power up!” Lucy took off. Lee ran after her. He heard more jaw smacking behind them. They saw Lee’s grandparents on the porch. 
“Get back in the house, and head for the cellar, GO!” They both turned and ran back into the house. Lee watched as Lucy entered the cellar. 
“Seal the door behind you. I’m going to help others.” Lucy shoved a couple boxes into his hands. “Be safe!” She leaned in and kissed him as the door started to close. Lee turned and looked out into the yard. He got his rifle ready. He stepped close to the house and dropped one of the boxes. He followed the house walls, and dropped another at the back corner. He looked ahead and saw the barrier they had set up for the tunnel. The house would now be secure from those things. He rushed back to the door. He watched as two smacked their jaws, trying to get up on the porch. He jumped onto the porch and entered the house. 
Inside, his family was still running around. “Hurry, only take what we’ll need. The house is secured for now.” Everyone nodded and started moving into the basement. His dad stood watching him. “How bad is it?” Lee shook his head. 
“More have gotten in, but the house is secured for now.” Jim nodded and rushed down the steps. He followed his family through the tunnel securing the doors as they went. Lucy was in the control room. Lee walked up to her. 
“What’s the latest?” She turned and looked at him. She pointed at the screen. He looked up at the screen. He saw what seemed like an endless ocean of the things. 
“They are all around us now!” Lee massaged her shoulders. 
“I placed the boxes around the house. It should be safe for a while.” “Look!” She pointed to the power gauge. 
“See how it’s fluctuating? They are hitting the barrier from all sides. It will hold, but there will be weak spots.” She pointed at the screens. 
“There’s already several inside.” She picked up her tablet, and Lee saw the drones lift again into the air while she shot at the things. 
 “We’d better stay here tonight to be safe.” She turned to Lee. “I guess it’s time you guys see the rest of this place. She walked around him out of the door. She saw the rest of the family all standing with what they could carry. Michael ran up and down the rows. 
Lucy walked around the corner to a huge shelf. She pulled and it swung open revealing another door. She pulled it open. She turned and looked at everyone. 
 “It’s not as comfortable as the house, but it’s a place to sleep.” The family walked around her into the shelter. Lee followed them. They walked into a nice size living room, and kitchen. Through the next hallway were two small bathrooms.  At the very back was four more bedrooms. Everyone returned having looked at the place and sat down. Darla walked up to Lucy and hugged her. 
“Thank you! How long do you think we have to stay in here?” Lucy shook her head. “I don’t know!” Lucy turned and went back into the main cellar. Lee watched everyone carry their bags to the bedrooms. Michael ran around jumping on the couch. Lee walked over and picked him up. 
“You be a good boy. Well see if that little TV works in a while.” He wrapped his arms around Lee’s neck. 
 “Pop pop!” Lee let go of him while he ran off to the bedrooms. Lee went back to the control room. Lucy was sitting down at the work bench. 
“What are you working on?” She looked up. 
“I’m trying to enhance the imploder bombs. Just maybe we can take more of them out.” Lee kissed her on the head and looked up at the screens. He saw an endless wave of things all around them. 
“Where are they all coming from? It appears they are being drawn by something!” Lucy turned around and looked at him. 
“The other farm!” She picked up her tablet. Lee watched the screen as one of the drones raised into the air and flew off. 
Awhile later the other farm came into view. 
“Look, we are over ran, they are totally clear!” Lee looked at the screen. She was right. There were things at the barrier, but nothing like what was outside here. Lucy pushed a button, a tiny ball fell to the ground. 
“What’s that?” Lucy looked at him and smiled. 
“Something new! Watch the screen.” Lee watched as the ball expanded into a small insect looking device. It sprouted a pair of wings and flew into the farm. 
“Won’t they see it?” Lucy shook her head no. The little device flew to the house. There on a chair was her uncle. He was badly burnt, and wrapped in gauze, but there was no doubt it was him. 
 “Well, that explains a lot!” Lucy landed the spy bug by the front door. It crawled under it and into the house. Lucy maneuvered it right up to her uncle. 
“Sir, the things have surrounded the other farm. It looks like they have taken refuge in the cellar. No one has been seen for an hour now.” The guy stopped talking and waited. 
 “Good, good. Their barrier will start to fluctuate. There will be weak spots all around. It’s just a matter of time before we can sneak someone inside, and once they have we’ll set off the bomb. It will disrupt the barrier enough so our small army can attack.” Lucy stood up. 
 “If he wants war so be it!” She turned to her work bench and pushed a button. A control panel opened up. Lee saw the words “protector” written with other words across the top. Lee grabbed her by the hand. 
“Can’t we do something else?” He had stopped her right before she activated it. She looked up at him. 
“What do you suggest?” Lee walked over to the other side and pulled open the bottom drawer. He sat the spider bot on the work bench. 
 “What about these? Couldn’t we make a few more?” Lucy stood up and kissed him. 
 “I’ve thought about using them on those things, but there’s no way we can make enough to kill them all!” 
“We don’t need to kill them all? With what they could eat, wouldn’t that add more power to our supply, and to the barrier?” Lucy nodded. 
 “I should have thought about that.” 
“How many of them do you have?” Lucy pulled them out of the drawer and opened another. “We have six ready to go.” Lucy walked over to the control panel and shut it. She then picked up her tablet, and set the spiders loose. He watched them crawl through a vent on the side of the room. She turned back to Lee. She pointed to the monitor. 
 “See the red dots. That’s the spiders eating. See this here. It’s helping!” She turned back to the spy bot. Lee watched as it climbed up the chair and latched into the back of his collar. 
 “We should allow it record for a while.” He watched as the drone started its journey back. 
“There!” Lucy pointed to the screen. 
“See them!” Lee looked real hard. Finally, he saw what she was talking about. 
“He’s trying to use a cloak, but hasn’t figured out how to keep it from cycling.” He watched as the drone came closer to the pair of men, and opened fire. The two dropped dead. 
“Two down!” 
Lucy flew the drone all around and killed several other men. 
 “Smells like your mom is already cooking.” She turned to the work bench, and typed in few words. Lee saw the spider plans come on the screen. She hit one more button and the arms came to life. She turned to Lee. 
“That’s all we can do. Let’s go see what’s for supper!” She stood up and took him by the hand. They walked back to the bunker.
The family was sitting all around. They saw Darla at the stove, and Lee’s grandma was sitting at the table peeling potatoes. Lee sat down on a chair and Lucy sat on him. 
“What’s the state of things out there?” Lee turned to his father. 
“The spiders are doing their job. The power they generate will help the barrier with fluctuations. We have found, that these things have been brought to us by the other farm. Lucy’s uncle is still alive!” Everyone gasped. 
“He’s burnt pretty badly, but he’s very much alive. Lucy is making more spiders. She’s also used the drones to find and kill several of her uncle’s men.” He turned to Lucy. 
“I think the barrier will stop cycling now, but to be on a safer side I think we should stay here tonight.” Jim nodded. 
They all sat and ate dinner. There wasn’t a dining table big enough, but that was ok. They were still together, and safe. As soon as Lucy finished her dinner, she headed straight for the door. 
“I better go check on the spiders.” Lee got up and followed her. Inside the control room, they saw two more completed spiders. Lucy picked up her tablet and they became active. Out of the vent, they crawled. The arms were still busy building number three. She looked up at the screen. 
 “I just don’t know how he’s getting them to converge on us.” She changed the cameras view to infrared, and night vision. Nothing showed up on the screen. 
“Why don’t we just drop an imploding bomb on the other farm? Wouldn’t that stop whatever they are doing?” Lucy looked at him. “Who knows? If we deal with it for now, maybe sooner or later he will say something, and that could give us a clue to what he is up to.” Lee shrugged. He looked at the monitors. 
 “I think I’ll take a rifle and get rid of those things wandering around in the yard.” Lucy stood up. “I’ll come with you.” Lee shook his head. 
“I’ll be ok, you stay here and work. Maybe you can find out what’s going on.” 
“I’ll go with him.” They both turned around to see Jim standing in the doorway. Lee nodded to his father and gave Lucy a kiss. 
“We’ll be back soon.” Lee picked up the rifle and handed one to his father. She watched as they turned and walked out of the room. She heard the back door open and close. 
Lee and his father walked out into the tunnel. 
“Get your rifle ready dad. We don’t know how many of those things got in, or where they are!” He watched as his dad pulled the gun from his shoulder and pointed it at the door. Lee pushed the keypad, and the door swung open. The basement was all clear. They headed upstairs. The sound was deafening from the jaw smacking.
“There must be thousands of them out there.” Lee kept going. They checked the lower part of the house, and all was clear. Things did change as they went out on the porch. There were about ten things at the barrier Lee had made. Lee and his father raised their guns and shot one after the other until they all laid dead. Lee descended the steps and stepped into the yard. His father shot two more coming towards Lee. Lee walked over to the cellar entrance and saw several at the door. Lee shot them. 
“Do you hear that?” Lee turned to his dad. 
 “All I hear is jaws smacking.” He reached up and pulled out his hearing aide. 
“I can’t hear it now. There’s a high pitch sound emitting from outside.” Lee took the hearing aid and stuck it in his ear. He looked at his father. 
“What is that?” Jim shook his head. 
“I have no clue.” Lee listened a little while and then pulled it out and handed it back to his father. 
“That might have something to do with all these things.” Lee didn’t see the thing come. It grabbed him by the arm and he fell on the ground. He saw his father fighting with one too. The thing smacked it jaws close to his face. Lee pushed with all his might, but he couldn’t push it off. Suddenly he heard a blast and saw the drone fly in from up above. It blasted it and fell dead to the side. He looked over and saw another blast which killed the thing attacking his father. He looked up at the drone and blew a kiss. 
Back inside, Lee and his father told Lucy about the emitting sound. 
She went back to the control panel. 
“I just don’t get it. None of this equipment is picking up anything.” Jim pulled his hearing aid out again and handed it to Lucy. She picked it up and took Lee by the hand. Jim watched as they disappeared through the tunnel door. Inside he told Lucy to be ready. Once again the basement was clear. They climbed the stairs and headed out of the kitchen door. They both stopped on the porch. Lee watched as Lucy stuck the hearing aid into her ear. He saw the impression on her face. She pulled it out. 
“He’s drawing them here using a high frequency. They must have buried emitters around our barrier.” She turned and went back into the house. He followed her through the tunnel and back to the control panel. It didn’t take her but a few minutes before she had the sound on the speakers. 
“He must be studying the things. Doing tests, he’s not smart enough to create this technology on his own. Someone is helping him!” Lee watched the screen as Lucy controlled the little spy bot. It crawled off her uncle, and onto a bookcase on the other side of the room. It crawled to the top so they had a clear picture of the whole room. Lucy looked at the men. Finally, she pointed to one of the smaller guys. 
“I recognize that guy. He was with the army when they visited dad. Look, his hands are tied behind his back. My uncle is holding him, prisoner.” Lee looked closely at the screen. She was right. He saw the screen change. She once again played with the sensors. One by one he saw red dots show up on the barriers boundary. Lucy turned and looked at him. 
“There’s twelve of those emitters out there. I think I can disrupt them from here.” Lee grabbed her by the arm. 
“I have a better idea.” Lucy looked at him. 
“Change their barrier to keep them inside, and then we disrupt the emitters.” Lucy grinned. 
“You’re spiteful!” Lee smiled. 
 “My only problem is that guy. Can we get him out?” Lucy shook her head. 
“I can use the spy bot to get rid of him!” Lee shook his head. 
“We could use him?” Lucy pushed away from the desk. 
“I’m not sure if that is a good idea, but I have a plan.” He watched the screen and saw the drone flying fast to the other farm. Then stop right over it. 
“I changed the barriers frequency back. They can’t get out.” She then turned to the spy bot. “If I use just a quarter of the poison, it shouldn’t kill him. It will knock him out, and slow his heart rate enough to make them think he is dead.” 
“What if it still kills him?” Lucy shrugged. 
 “Lee this is war. We have many enemies at our door. We can’t worry about one person we don’t even know!” Lee looked up at the screen and saw the ocean of things around the barrier. Finally, Lee looked at her and nodded. He saw the spy bot climb down, to the man. It climbed up his pants, and into the guy’s collar. Then he saw the guy hit the floor. Lucy quickly got the spy bot back to the book case. Her uncle looked down at the guy. His men rushed forward to check his pulse. 
“He’s dead boss!” Her uncle looked around the room. 
“It seems were not alone!” He stood up, and pointed to the man. 
“Throw him outside.” Several of his men bent over him. 
“Looks like a heart attack!” They picked him up and took him outside. The drone hovered above the house. They watched as the man was tossed into the yard. Lee saw the second drone arrive. Lucy brought them close to one another. He watched as they converted into one big machine. She flew it down to the man. Arms extended out the sides, it latched onto the guy and picked him up. Slowly, the drone rose into the air.
Back inside, the spy bot watched what was happening. 
“Go watch the body!” One of his men turned and rushed out onto the porch. They guy stopped and immediately ran back. Everyone in the room turned and looked at him. 
“He’s gone!” Lucy snickered. Lee watched as the drone carried the man up and out of the Farm’s barrier. Lucy pressed a button and another ball dropped to the ground. He saw it unfold into another bot. It rushed onto the farm. It headed to the house and climbed up to the porch. They saw people rushing out looking around. 
“Where could he have gone? He didn’t have a pulse.” They saw her uncle looking up. 
 “Like I said, we’re not alone. It seems my niece has been spying on us.” They saw him grin. 
“I’m coming for you, dear.” He turned and went inside. He looked at his men. He reached into his pocket and took out a flash drive. He held it up so his men could see it. 
“This, my fellow men have all the doctor’s plans, and it’s safe here in my pocket.” He dropped it back into his shirt. Lee looked at Lucy. 
“I’ll get it!” He watched as the spy bot climbed back down the bookcase. It scrambled on the floor to her uncle. Slowly it climbed up his pants and into his shirt. It got dark as it climbed into his pocket. Lee saw a poof and the screen went black. Lucy directed the other bot into the house. As it entered they saw Lucy’s uncle flaring his arms trying to pat out the smoke coming from his shirt pocket. The bot climbed up the case. Her uncle pulled off his shirt and dropped it on the floor. His men all stood silent, as the shirt smoked. Lucy let out a giggle. Lee looked at the drones’ camera and saw it landing on the porch of the house. 
“I’d better go and get the doctor.” Lucy grabbed his arm. She shook her head. 
“I want you to be careful, there’s still a lot we don’t know!” Lucy turned back to the screen. “Wait stop!” Lee turned back. 
“Look, they are trying to get off the farm!” Lee watched as several men tried to get through the barrier but knocked back. 
 “Well done!” Before he left he saw Lucy’s uncle and his men all converge outside. Lucy watched her uncle. She saw the smirk on his face. Then she remembered his last plan.  She thought about how easy it was to take the doctor. She looked at the camera and saw he was still out. She quickly sat down and started the drone again. It rose into the air. She watched the camera as the guy began to blow up. His skin was starting to bulge. The drone was having problems keeping its altitude. Lucy gave it full power, and it soared back out of the barrier. Just as it crossed the boundary it exploded.
Lucy turned and waited. Finally, Lee appeared at the door. 
“What the heck?” She stood up and walked over to him. 
“It was all part of his plan. He knew we were watching him. He knew we’d try to save the doctor, and he knew we’d bring him back here. He wanted to distracted us, so we wouldn’t see his real plan. The explosion would bring down our barrier, and they would have access to us.” Lee looked at her. 
“I barely got him back across the barrier in time.” Lee hugged her. 
 “Your uncle has to be stopped. He just killed another human being.” Lucy nodded. 
“We’re going to make them all pay!” She walked over to the monitors and sat down. Lee watched the screen and saw the emitters blow. 
“We’ll use the spider bots to drop emitters along their barrier, and when they are surrounded. I’ll drop the barrier!” Lee saw the hate she had for her uncle. He took her into his arms. He heard a rustling and saw the spiders come in through the vent. Lucy opened a drawer and pulled out six boxes. One by one, she attached them to the spiders. When all six was done, they all disappeared through the vent.
Lee was seated as he watched the spiders raced towards the other farm. Finally, it came into view. He watched as they spread out around the farm, and buried the emitters. When the last one was buried Lucy programmed them to emit the same frequency as the ones she blew. They watched the cameras in awe as the things started backing off and moving towards the direction of the other farm. Lucy brought the spider bots back and programmed them to eat the massive piles of dead things around their own barrier. Lee saw the energy being transferred to their own power source. The barrier had stopped power cycling now. Lucy had already flown her last drone to the hover over the farm. Her uncle’s men had been trying their best to get out of the barrier. She saw her uncle standing on the porch. She watched as more things arrived at his door step. Lee put his hand over hers. 
 “Are you sure you want to do this?” She nodded. 
 “We have to stop him!” She turned back to the screens. Lee heard footsteps behind them. He turned to see his mother standing. 
“What’s going on?” Lee got up and took her by the hand and led her out of the room. 
 “Go back to the bunker mom, it’s almost over. We’ll be able to go back to the house in the morning.” His mom looked at him and finally turned back to the bunker. He sat back down beside Lucy and watched. 
Lee woke up with Lucy poking at him. He looked up at the clock. It was morning. He had slept through the night. Lucy pointed at the screen. He saw the huge horde of things surrounding the other farm. They pounded their barrier. The men rushed forward and killed them fast. 
“I think it’s almost time to drop the barrier.” Lee once again looked at Lucy. 
 “Are you still sure?” With that she glanced his way and pushed a button. Lee saw the things converge on the men who turned and ran back into the house. The things swarmed the farm. In no time they surrounded the house. Lee saw them up against the door, and windows. He saw the windows give and the things lurch forward. He saw men beating the things relentlessly. He saw the door smash in, and one after one the things entered the house. They watched a few more moments, until Lucy turned around. Lee stood and glanced at the screen. 
 “Look!” He pointed at the screen. He saw several blurs. Lucy sat down. 
“He’s trying to cloak himself.” She pressed some buttons and Lee saw the drone shift and fire a pulse. The people under the cloak became visible. The things immediately surrounded them. Lee turned away to avoid looking at the ugly scene. He turned to the monitor to see the things spreading out on the farm. Lucy brought up the barrier. Lee saw a huge red spot where the things got the group of cloaked men. She turned to Lee. 
“All done, those things are now trapped on the other farm!” She took Lee by the hand. 
“Let’s go home!”
Chapter Nineteen
They came down the stairs on a beautiful afternoon. As they got to the bottom, they headed towards the kitchen, everyone was there eating lunch. Lucy moved towards the table and sat in her usual spot, Lee sat down beside her. Everyone sat quietly. After a few moments, Darla stood up and spoke. 
“What happened? Where did all of those things go?” Lee and Lucy explained what had happened. 
“Are they all dead?” Lucy nodded. 
 “I believe so!” Darla looked at them. 
“So were safe now?” Lucy shrugged her shoulders. 
“Who knows what’s out there. We know we’re not the only survivors. We’ll just have to deal with them.” Lucy continued with her meal. When lunch was over, everyone went outside. Lee sighed a deep relief when he saw the spider bots eat the dead things. They walked around the boundary, which now was pretty clear of things. 
“Will those bots take care of all these?” Lucy nodded her head to reply yes. 
“I have three more being made. Should be ready this afternoon.” Everyone stood watching the spider bots eating.  
“So is everyone gone on the other farm?” Lucy looked at Earl. Ruth stood close to him. 
“It’s hard to tell. That farm has all the bells and whistles like this one. They could have made it to the cellar. I do know one thing. They are trapped now. The farm is overrun with the things.” Lucy faced Lee. 
“Let’s go check on the spider bots!” Darla stepped forward and grabbed Lucy by the arm. “Lee should check on the bots. We have some wedding arrangements to get ready before this weekend. You’re getting married in a day, and we still need to get your dress ready.” Lucy turned back and looked at Lee. 
“Guess you’re on your own!” She strolled off towards the house with Darla, while Ruth followed behind them. 
“Snap out of it!” He laughed. 
“How long has it been, twenty minutes?” He laughed again and moved towards the barrier. 
Jim shook his head. The horde of things had practically torn both barns to bits. 
“All useless now!” He kicked some debris.  
“Let’s gather as many tools as we can.” Jim walked around Lee and started pulling out the tools. Lee looked at what was left. The barn was in ruins. He took out his rifle, and walked towards the fallen upper part. He pointed it at a thing as it smacked its lips at him. With a shot from Lee, it went limp. Jim turned to him. 
“Just leave them alone. We must get everything we need in a safe place.” Lee shook his head. 
“We don’t need any of this stuff. Everything we need is in the cellar.” His father turned back and threw some boards out of the way. Jim suddenly felt something clasp onto his shoe. 
“Awe!” Lee hurried over to his father. 
“Dad!” Lee threw a few boards, and saw a thing had bit into his father’s boot!  He immediately raised his rifle and shot it. 
“Come on, it’s too dangerous. Lucy can release the spiders here when they have finished eating the piles of dead ones!” 
 Lee helped his father back to the house. He thought of nothing, but the thing that latched onto his father. They didn’t understand where those things came from, but with a bite, they soon turned into a thing from the infection. 
“What’s wrong?” Lee looked up and saw his mother.
“It bit his boot.” She let out a low moan as she reached out to help him. He was seated on a chair in the kitchen. Lee bent down and pulled off his boot and sock. 
“It didn’t penetrate the skin!” He let out a sign of relief. 
“You’ll be ok!” Lee stood up. “We have to be more careful!  Heck with those tools, we don’t need them!” Lee stormed out of the house, Lucy followed. He ran towards the cellar. 
“Lee, stop!”  He didn’t pay any attention to her. The only thing he could think of was how foolish and careless his father had been. 
Lee entered into the cellar and sat on a chair. He heard Lucy behind him. The thought of losing his father was on his mind. He reflected on the incident, the things clasp on his father’s boot. He couldn’t believe how careless he had been. Lucy wrapped her arms around him. Lee stood up and grabbed her. She saw the tears in his eyes. 
“It will be ok!” Lee looked into her eyes, leaned in and kissed her. Lucy pulled off his shirt, and Lee did the same to hers as he bent down kissing her budding belly.
Lee looked at his watch. They had been in the cellar for over an hour. He watched Lucy as she got dressed. She smiled at him. “You better get dressed before they come looking for us!” He laughed as he stood up and pulled on his pants. Lucy picked up his shirt and handed it to him. 
“Just think, one more day and you’ll be my husband.” Lee stood up. He gazed at her romantically. 
“And you will be my wife.” He kissed her deeply. They heard the back door open. “You better get your clothes on.” Lucy turned and went into the cellar. She saw Darla coming from the tunnel. 
“I’ll keep her busy!” Lucy winked at him and off she went. Lee finished getting dressed. He heard Lucy and his mother talking. He pulled on his last boot when they both appeared in the doorway. 
“Your father wants to see you.” Lee looked back at her. 
“I have nothing to say to him!” Lee stood and walked around his mother. 
“You can’t just ignore him. He doesn’t understand why you’re so angry.” Lee walked up to his mother. 
“Mom, dad put himself in a position where he was attacked. He knew those things were in there, but he just had to have those tools. Look around, there’s no reason to worry about that junk. What if that thing had gotten him by the leg, or by the arm? In a few hours we’d be shooting him.” His mom reached into her bag and pulled out the mold boxes. 
“This is what your father was worried about losing!” She handed it to Lee and turned away. He could hear her footsteps get further and further away, and finally he heard the door open and close. Lee sat on a chair holding the box. He looked up at Lucy. 
“It still wasn’t worth his life!” He laid the molds on the counter and took Lucy by the hand. “Let’s go and see him.” 
They saw several things still on the ground. Lee saw the spiders eating away. 
“How much longer do you think it will take them?” 
“It’s hard to tell. Now that we have twelve of them. Shouldn’t take too long.” Hand in hand they walked back to the house. Inside, everyone was talking in the kitchen. They all turned to them. Lee’s father sat in his usual spot.
 “I was hoping you would join us. I know I was careless out there, and I know how that made you feel. I’m sorry.” Lee walked over to his father and wrapped him in a hug. 
“Now to move on to more important things. We have a wedding to get through tomorrow. There’s a lot to do.” With that Jim got up and started to hand out pieces of paper. 
“I’ve broken down everything that needs done. Each of you have several jobs to accomplish by the end of the day.” Darla walked over to Jim and placed her head on his shoulder. 
Lee and Lucy walked outside and sat on the porch. They both looked at their sheets. They both were surprised when no chores were written, but words. Lee’s read. 
 “Our dearest son, tomorrow you will embark on a lifetime of happiness. Tomorrow you will become a man, and soon you will be a father. We are so proud of you, and love you with our whole being.” Lee handed his to Lucy, and she handed him hers. Lee read. 
“Our dearest daughter to be. We are so happy to have you in our lives. There’s no words to show our sincere appreciation, of what you have done for our family. We are so happy that Lee found you. We welcome you into our family with open arms.” Lucy let her head fall onto his shoulder. 
“We can’t just sit here all day while they do all the work.” Lucy raised her head. She took him by the hand, and led him off the porch. They walked around the barrier. Lee watched Lucy. He could see the baby bump.  He couldn’t wait to have this child. To hold it in his arms, and to love it. 
“I’ve been thinking.” Lucy stopped and looked at him. Lee took her hands. 
“Tomorrow after the wedding, why don’t we go back to the cave? To spend our honeymoon there? All alone as husband and wife?” Lucy wrapped her arms around him, and squealed with happiness. 
“So I take that as a yes?” She turned to see Jim standing there with a vehicle. 
“This was your idea?” Jim nodded. 
 “I figured it would give you two some privacy. Lee and I will go secure the cave.” Lucy ran to him and gave him a hug. 
“Thank you so much.” Jim looked at her. 
“Thank you for making Lee happy, and for adding to our small but growing family.” Lee saw tears running down Lucy’s cheeks. Lee walked around them and looked at the back of the vehicle. 
“What’s left to get?” Jim shrugged his shoulders. 
“I got everything you told me to. We just need some barrier boxes, and you should be set.” Lucy held his hands. 
 “I’ve got some things you can take!” She led Lee off into the cellar. 
“Go ahead get what you want. I’ll be in the house.” Stated Jim.
Inside the cellar Lucy took Lee around and opened drawers. She packed things Lee had never seen before. Lee didn’t say anything. He let her do her own thing. He walked back to the control room, and sat down. He watched the monitors. He could see the bodies of the things moving from the spider bots. He looked at the other farm. The horde of the things still visible. He thought about Lucy’s uncle and his men. Had they all been killed? Then Lee saw something that made his heart skip a beat. He saw some men in the house. “Lucy!” He heard her come running. 
 “What is it?” Lee pointed to the broken windows of the farmhouse. She squinted, and took a step back. 
“That’s impossible!” She watched the screen. She saw the things hit the windows and fall back. “They are using some sort of shielding. It’s not killing them. Just knocking them back.” They watched as the men walked back and forth in front of the windows. They saw rifles come out and shoot the things. 
“Will they get out?” She looked at him. 
 “Even if they try to clear off the whole farm, they can’t get out of the barrier.” She bent down and checked the frequency.  She nodded. 
“They are trapped.” Lee turned back to the screens. 
“I’d sure feel better if I knew they couldn’t get out. We have no idea what the doctor made for your uncle.” Lucy watched the screen. 
“Don’t worry about him, we are still protected here.” Lee turned away and looked at her. “We won’t be here! We’ll be away after tomorrow. What if they need us?” Lucy held his hands. 
“We’ll be just miles away. We can be back in an hours. I’ll take the drones, and a few spider bots with us.” Lee nodded. He trusted Lucy. He knew she loved his family as much as he did, and would do anything to protect them. 
Lucy went back to packing but Lee watched the screens. He couldn’t shake the feeling that something bad was going to happen. He felt Lucy’s hands on his back. He turned to see her standing there totally naked. Lee stood up, and walked to her. 
 “What’s this?” She just looked up at him. 
“What’s what?” She held up her watch. Lee looked at it. It was almost lunch time. 
 “Are we not on a schedule?” Lee let out a laugh. “Your mom said you would have stay out here tonight. You shouldn’t see the bride until the wedding.” Lee leaned in and kissed her. He picked her up, and headed for the bunker.
Lee awoke to a knock on the door. 
“Are you two in there? Your mom said to tell you lunch is ready!” Lee rolled over and looked at Lucy. “I love you!” He kissed her and started to get dressed. She rolled over and watched him. “Will that hold you until tomorrow?” Lee shook his head in a no reply. He dropped back on the bed and kissed her again. 
“I can’t get enough of you!” Lee pulled himself away. 
“But we must control ourselves. We’ll be wed tomorrow. Then a whole new beginning for us.” Lee pulled on his pants and shoes. He turned and looked at her. 
“I’ll see you in the house.” She nodded. Lee stopped and picked up the bags of items she packed. He looked around. He saw his father standing at the cellar entrance. 
“Want me to take one of those?” Lee shook his head. 
“I’ve got them!” Jim patted his son on the back as they walked towards the house.
Lee dropped the bags in the back of the vehicle. When he and his father got inside everyone was already sitting at the table. He heard footsteps coming up the basement steps. He turned to see Lucy appear. Lee walked over and took her by the hand. They took their usual seats. Michael came running up to him, with his arms reached out. Lee reached out and picked him up.  Michael bent in and kissed Lee on the cheek. 
“Love you too little man.” Michael turned to the table. Darla sat lunch on the table, and took her seat. Ruth sat across from them with Michelle. She looked as if she had grown a foot since they brought her here. Lunch was nice and calm. Everyone talked about the wedding the next day, and Lucy wore a smiling face. Lee knew her glow was from being pregnant. Michael bounced in his lap. He wrapped his arms around him. Michael wiggled relentlessly trying to get free. “Let go!” Everyone laughed at him. Lee released his hold, and let him loose. As soon as his feet hit the floor he ran off. Lee looked at Lucy and rubbed her belly.  “Well son, I think it’s about time we get going. We want to get back before dark!” Jim pushed his chair out and stood up. Darla walked over to him and gave him a kiss. “You be careful!” 
Jim kissed her back and nodded. Lucy did the same. “I’ll see you tomorrow, I’ll be dressed in a gorgeous gown. Waiting to become your wife.” Lee walked up to her and kissed her again. 
“I’ll be there!” He turned to his father. “Let’s go!” Jim patted his son on the back. He was so proud of him.
Sara came up and looked at Lee. “I’m so happy for you! Please be careful out there.” She wrapped him in a hug. Lee stood back looking at his little sister. 
“I love you too sis!” he smiled at her.
Lee and his father travelled for an hour before they stopped. They had passed several groups of things on the road. Lee bent down and looked at the dead ones. 
 “These all have been shot in the head.” He saw his father bent over the other group. “These too!” Jim looked at his son. 
“Someone else is out her. Let’s get moving.” They both got back into the vehicle and took off. They saw group after group of dead things. 
They finally pulled into the cave. Jim drove the vehicle in as far as he could. 
“Let’s check it out first. Then we’ll unpack.” Lee opened one of the bags Lucy had packed and pulled out several barrier boxes. 
“Better safe than sorry.” Jim watched his son create a barrier around the vehicle and supplies. He grabbed one of the bags Lucy had packed. 
Lee joined his father. They walked around the corner to the back entrance to the cave. Lee shuddered thinking about the place. The dark, and dreary place. Lee stepped forward and helped his father pull back the tree limbs they had used to hide the entrance. Once cleared away, he saw the so familiar door. He watched as his father pushed on it to get in. The door swung open. Lee dug in the bag and pulled out two lights. 
“Lucy said these are brighter than anything we have.” His father pushed the button, and immediately closed his eyes. 
“Told you!” Lee walked around his father and entered the cave. He put the bag on a table and took out a strip of lights. He sat the light strip on the table and sat a power box next to them. The lights started to glow very brightly. The room lit up like there was a sun roof. Lee looked around the room. He walked over to the other door and made sure it was still sealed. 
 “Everything looks good!” Lee walked through the kitchen and rolled out another light strip. It began to glow too. He looked around at the dreary cold cave. He wished there was some other place they could spend their honeymoon. Lee walked on through the cave. He put the last light strip on the bed. He looked around at the few beds they left behind. He heard footsteps behind him. 
“Everything looks the same.” Lee nodded as Jim patted him on the back. 
Lee and his father worked the next few hours mounting the lighting strips and the heating boxes Lucy had packed. 
“What’s this thing?” Jim held up a long cylinder. 
Lee shrugged. “I have no clue.” Jim put it on the table. They stood looking around at the cave. They had covered all the furniture and put up some lighting. Lee had made the big bed with the bedding they had taken from the mansion. 
“Doesn’t look bad son.” Lee nodded. He turned and looked at his father. 
“I can’t believe I’m getting married tomorrow. With Christmas next week. Things have been just a little crazy. We moved to the farm to be safe, but it seems every day brings some new threat. At least here, it was quiet!” His father pulled out a chair and sat down. 
“You are right son, but at least we’re safe there, and we’re out in the open. It was crazy here. We were scared to go out. Staying days in here without seeing the sky. It got rough towards the end.” Lee nodded in agreement. Jim stood up. 
“Well, let’s get the rest unpacked so we can head back.” Jim walked past Lee. Lee turned and followed his father. Lee stopped long enough to close the door. As soon as he was out in the open Lee saw his father standing over a dead thing. 
“It came out of now where!” Lee rushed to his father. 
“Did it bite you?” Jim shook his head. 
“No, but it was close.” Lee kicked it out of the path. 
 “I bet there’s more in the woods wondering around.” Lee walked over to the vehicle and took out the boxes of food. His father did the same. Inside, they stacked all the boxes against the side wall. 
They made two more trips. 
“I hope she packed enough!” Lee shook his head. 
 “She has more!” Jim snickered. Lee walked over to a bag and pulled out several barrier boxes. “Let’s go ahead and create a barrier.” He handed some to Jim, and took out another power supply and sat it beside the other. He hit the button as it glowed like the first. They both exited the cave. Jim went around the top end and Lee went back towards the vehicle. Both spread out the barrier boxes.
After about fifteen minutes later they both meet at the front of the cave. They had a direct look out into the huge meadow which spread out there. Jim grabbed Lee’s arm. 
“We’re not alone!” Jim pointed to the far end of the meadow. He too saw a small dot moving towards them at a high rate of speed. “The trees!” Lee and his father backed off into the darkness. Lee pushed some buttons on the barrier box they had set up in the vehicle. Almost immediately Jim watched as both Lee, and the boxes disappeared. Lee reached out and grabbed his father. 
“What the heck?” Lee held his finger to his mouth, and pointed. The person was close. They watched as he slowed down, getting closer to them. He was on a motorcycle. They watched as the he looked back and forth and into the woods and finally sped off. 
“Who was that, and where are they headed?”  
“We have to get back to the farm before dark. I’m not looking for a fight or to get attacked here. I’m getting married tomorrow.” Jim looked at his son. “Why can’t we use the drone?” Lee huffed. He ran back to the cave and got the drone. 
“If I wreck this thing, it’s all your fault!” Lee started the tablet. Soon the drone rose into the air. Lee pushed some buttons and it disappeared. Jim watched the screen as the drone flew off. After a few moments, the motorcycle came into view still running at a high speed. After several miles, they came into a little clearing, at the edge of the woods they saw a small cabin. The motorcycle suddenly came to a halt and a man with a helmet stepped down from the motorcycle. The cabin door came open and a girl came out. Lee blinked his eyes. 
“I know her!” Jim looked over at his son. The guy removed his helmet, and Jim recognized him too. “It’s the Millers.” The Millers were their closest neighbors on the other side towards town. They watched as the girl hugged the man. 
“Wonder where his wife is?” The guy took a small bag off the motorcycle and handed it to her. The girl reached into the bag and took out a jar of what they didn’t know. 
“He must have been scavenging for food.” Lee shook his head. He felt so sorry for them. He remembered the scavenging so well. Lee looked at his father. 
“He used to be a close friend of yours. Do you think we can trust them?” Jim shrugged his shoulders. “Whatever has happened, has changed people.” Jim looked at the screen and saw the drone coming back. Lee looked at his father. 
“Go, get a box of food. We’ll use the drone to drop it off.” Jim nodded. Lee watched the screen as the drone came closer and closer. Lee heard his father’s footsteps coming back. 
Lee landed the drone right beside the vehicle. Jim watched as the arms unfolded from the machine. 
“Sit the box down right there.” Jim did as he was told. Lee started the drone back up and hovered it over the box. The arms grabbed the box and lifted into the air. Lee turned the cloak on and it all disappeared. Jim got close to Lee and watched the screen. The drone flew at full speed back to the small cabin. When they got there. Lee landed the drone as close to the front door as he could. The arms let go of the box, and the drone lifted back into the sky. Lee hovered it over the front door. 
“Do you want to say something? They will be wondering who left it.” Jim nodded. Lee pointed at the small mic at the base of the tablet. 
“Hey Jack, its Jim. There’s some food at your front door.” Lee took the tablet and raised the drone out of earshot. 
The front door opened. “Jim?” The girl grabbed the box of food, and dragged it inside. Finally, the door closed. Jim looked at Lee. 
“They must be starving!” He shook his head and climbed into the vehicle. Lee looked at his father, and then his watch. 
“You know if we don’t get back before dark it’s all your fault. Lee, pushed some buttons on the tablet as the drone sat down. He picked it up and sat it at the back. He climbed up into the vehicle and backed out. Jim grabbed his son’s hand, and shook his head. 
“What if we can’t trust them? Let’s just go back to the farm.” Lee stopped the vehicle. 
“Are you sure?” Lee looked at his father. He knew his father wanted to go to the cabin. Lee whipped the vehicle around towards the cabin and floored it.
Lee looked at his watch. “Do you think we should call the farm and let them know we’re ok?” 
“No, they will be worried.” Lee kept the pedal pressed down. He had turned off the barrier box, but left the cloak on. As they came upon the cabin Jim grabbed Lee’s arm and pointed. It was about dusk now, and several things pounded on the door. Lee stopped the vehicle, and Jim jumped out with his rifle. 
“Stay in the vehicle.” Moments later the things lay on the ground dead. Lee watched as his father walked closer and closer to the door. His father stopped. 
“Jack, its Jim!” Lee watched. He knew that the Millers were the friendliest neighbors they had. He hoped with everything they were still the same kind of people. Lee watched as the door slowly opened. Jack came out and stood in front of his father. 
 “Thanks for the food Jim.” Lee picked up his gun and sighted Jack in. 
“You’re welcome my old friend. Are you two ok?” Jack sat down his rifle. The girl came up behind him. 
 “We don’t have anything other than what you gave us Jim.  You’re more than welcome to look.” Jim shook his head. 
“We’re not here to take your belongings. We came to help you.” Jim held out his hand to Jack. Jack stepped forward and shook his hand. 
“Who else is with you?” Jim turned around and nodded. Lee laid his rifle down and turned off the cloak. He drove the vehicle up to the front door. He got out and walked over to his father. 
“Liz made some of the coffee you left us. Come in and have a cup. I want to hear about your disappearing vehicle.” 
“I’m sorry Jack, but we have to get back. If you and your daughter want to come with us you’re more than welcome.” They all heard the jaw smacking coming from the side of the cabin. Lee picked up his father’s rifle and blasted it. 
“Get your belongings and lock up if you want to come. It’s a lot safer than this.” Jack turned and looked at Liz. 
“Go get your things.” Jack turned back to Jim. “Give us just a few minutes.” Lee and Jim walked to the vehicle. 
“What do you think?” Jim looked at the cabin. 
“I don’t know son, but he did put his gun down before I did.” They both waited several minutes until finally Liz came carrying a small tote. Lee took it and loaded it into the vehicle. Jack did the same a few moments later. Jim turned to Jack. 
“I’m going to be blunt with you my friend. I won’t tolerate any harm on my family. We have been fooled by many over the last few months. If you try to hurt us, I will do anything to protect them.” Jack nodded. 
“I promise you friend. We don’t want anything other than a safe place to sleep, and food.” Jim nodded. 
 “We can help with that! Climb on in.” Jack climbed in beside his daughter. Lee turned the vehicle around and turned on the barrier box with the cloak. Off they sped to the farm.
Chapter Twenty
Lee, Jim, and their new friends’ rolled into the farm after dusk. The whole family was waiting on the front porch. Lee, and Jim got out. Lucy rushed up to Lee and hugged him. Darla did the same to Jim. Michael came bouncing off the porch and grabbed Lee’s Leg. Lee swooped him up, and held him over his head. 
“Did you miss me, little man?” Michael shook his head. Lee let him down, and he ran around the group at top speed. Lucy looked at the two strangers and back to Lee. She shook her head. She turned and stormed off. Lee turned to his father.
Lee looked over and smiled at Sara. 
“Make sure our guests are fed, and bathed.” Lee turned and ran after Lucy. 
Jim turned to Jack and Liz. 
“Welcome to our home.” He introduced everyone one to them. 
“Ok, now that you’ve been introduced, let’s get you some hot food and a hot shower.” Jim turned to leave when he felt a tug on his shirt. He turned to see Liz standing there. 
 “How do you have lights and hot water?” Jim bent down. 
 “It’s a long story, but the man that owned this farm was ready for an emergency like this.” He stood back up and motioned for them to go inside. Inside he watched Jack’s and Liz’s faces. He saw the expressions of astonishment. He imagined they looked the same way when they first arrived. 
“Darla has already started supper. If you two would follow me upstairs, I’ll show you where the bathrooms are. You have clean clothes in those bags?” Both of them nodded. Jim went up the stairs. He stopped by the bathroom. 
“One of you can use this one, and there’s another in the bedroom at the end of the hall. There should be clean towels on the racks. Take your time, we’ll be downstairs when you’re finished.” Jim turned and went back downstairs. Everyone was in the kitchen talking. Darla stepped up to Jim. “Where did you find them?” Jim sat down and told how he and Lee found them. The small cabin they were living in, and how Jack just got back from scavenging for food. 
“I stopped Lee from going to get them at first, but Lee thought we should help if we could. We know how hard it is out there. Looking for food, trying to stay safe.” Darla kissed him. 
“You did the right thing honey. I know after the kids, and Lucy’s uncle it couldn’t have been easy to bring them back here?” Jim nodded his head. 
 “It wasn’t easy at all, but I couldn’t leave them out there.”
In the cellar, Lee ran, searching the rooms. Finally, he turned and went into the bunker and heard Lucy crying. Lee sat down on the edge of the bed. Lucy didn’t look up. He tried to rub her arm, but she turned away. 
“Oh, come on. You know them too. We couldn’t leave them out there.” Lucy kept crying. Finally, she looked up at Lee. 
 “You broke the promise you made to me. No one is ever to be brought back here.” She stood up and tried to leave. Lee hurried and blocked the door. Lee shook his head. 
 “We need to talk about this. If we can’t come to an agreement over those who desperately need our help, how will we survive as husband and wife?” Lucy looked into his eyes. 
“So you don’t want to get married tomorrow?” Lee grabbed her by the waist. He looked into her eyes. 
“How can you ask me such a question? I love you, and my child that you’re carrying, but we can’t run away from the problems we have. We have to sit and talk until we figure it out.” Lucy looked at him. She finally nodded and sat back down on the bed. 
“I do know them. I went to school with Elizabeth, and I use to spend the weekend at their house. Her mom was one of the nicest people I’ve ever met. I’m just worried we’ll have a repeat of those children or my uncle.” Lee held her in his arms. 
“We have to keep our humanity or we’ll always be alone. We watched Liz open a bag her father had scavenged, and pull out a rusted jar of something. Before we even got to talk to them, they had two things at their door. Who knows if they would have even lasted through the night?” Lucy picked up her head and looked at Lee. “You’re right, I can’t help but be emotional.” Lee kissed her, and stood up. He held out his hand. 
“What do you say, we go say hi, and have some supper? Tomorrow is going to be a big day! You know I won’t see you tonight!” Lucy walked up to him and kissed him again. 
“Maybe I can sneak away?” Lee shook his head. Mom told dad he had to stay with me, and keep an eye on me!” Lucy stomped her feet. Lee pulled her close. 
“There will be plenty of together time after tomorrow. The cave is set up and ready to go.” He kissed Lucy again, and led her out into the cellar. They stopped only to lock the door. The night was cold. Winter was finally coming. It was now just a week before Christmas. Lee couldn’t believe they had been here for almost two months now. He looked at the house. Walking hand in hand with his wife to be.
Back inside, everyone was sitting at the table. Lucy walked up to Jack and Liz and introduced herself. 
“I’m sorry for running off like that. Please make yourselves at home.” With that, Lee led her to her chair and he sat down beside her. Michael came running. They all sat and talked about what’s been going on. Jack told their story again to everyone else. 
“We came looking for you guys Jim. I knew from all your stories you had the hunting cave out there, but we couldn’t find it. I found the motorcycle on one of my scavenging trips a few weeks back. Food has been harder and harder to find. I came across the small cabin about a month ago, but every night many of those things come. There’s been many nights we have fought through the night.” Lucy shook her head. 
“You don’t have to worry about them getting in here. We are protected by a barrier. Nothing can get in or out without a band.” She held up her arm and showed them the band. They both nodded. 
After dinner, Lucy and Lee walked Jack and Liz to the RV. 
 “We took this from a mansion awhile back. You two can bunk down in there to have your own privacy.” Both of them nodded and climbed aboard. Lee heard something drop. He looked down and saw one of Lucy’s beads fall inside. She caught his stare, and she smiled back at him. They turned and headed back to the house. Lucy turned and looked back. She saw the lights come on. 
“Why did you do that?” Lucy shrugged. 
“If we’re going to trust them, we have to know if we can.” She walked back into the house. When Lee entered the kitchen, he saw a bag on the table. 
“What’s this?” Darla turned around. 
 “That’s some clothes for tonight, and your bath stuff. You and your father will be spending the night in the bunker.” Lee shook his head. 
“Dad, doesn’t have to babysit me.” Darla stepped forward. Jim stood up and held out a bottle of liquor. 
“Since you’re getting married tomorrow its time you had a man’s drink.” Lee saw his grandfather stand up. 
“I’ll take one too!” They all laughed. Lee grabbed his bag, and headed to the basement. He glanced back at Lucy. 
“Tomorrow then?” Lucy walked over to him and kissed him. 
“I’ll be waiting.” Lee turned back to the basement stairs and headed down them. He heard his father and grandfather following him.
Back in the bunker the three of them sat in the little living room, drinking. Lee had two shots and was done. 
“Sorry guys, but that stuff isn’t for me.” Jim went over to the kitchen and pulled out beer. “How about this? It’s your last night as a free man. Better get plastered while you can, because tomorrow after you say I do, your whole world will change!” Lee took the beer and twisted off the cap. He took a drink and shook his head. 
“That’s not any better, YUCK!” He sat the beer on the coffee table, and stood up. 
“Think I’ll go take a shower, and get some rest. You two enjoy yourselves.” Lee went through the small hallway into his bedroom. He yanked out some clothes and headed for the shower.
When he was done bathing he got dressed and went back into the living room. He looked around, but his dad and grandfather had dozed off. He walked over to the control room, and sat in the chair. He looked up at the monitors. He looked at the other farm. It was still crawling with things. He saw lights through the windows, and people walking around. He then saw the RV. He turned the volume up, and watched. “Do you think we can trust them dad?” Jack looked at his daughter. 
“I think we can Liz. We just have to listen to them, and follow any rules they give us. Isn’t this better than that cabin? Maybe we can actually get some sleep.” Lee watched as Liz chewed on some jerky his mother had given them. Lee watched for a little while longer. He knew they had made the right decision to bring them here. 
Lee turned when he heard footsteps. Lucy stood behind him. He stood up grinning. 
“You’re going to get the both of us in trouble. You better get back into the house now.” Lucy wrapped her arms around him. 
“Are you sure that’s what you want?” She kissed him, and backed off. 
“Lucy are you out here?” They both turned to see Darla coming through the door. 
“Lucy, I told you to stay in the house. Lee cover yourself.” Lee looked down and saw the excitement and turned away. He turned his head to his mother. 
“I didn’t do anything. She came on her own.” His mother gave him a dirty look, and grabbed Lucy by the arm. 
“Guess I’ll have to sleep in the basement to keep you away from her!” Lee watched as they disappeared through the basement door. He sat back down. Why did his mother always think he was the one who initiated everything? If she only knew the truth.
Lee woke the next morning to a door slamming. He got up and pulled on his pants and shoes. He stumbled through the little hallway into the living room. His father was sitting there with his suite. 
“I was told to bring this to you.” His father stood up and walked over to Lee. 
“I hope you know how proud I am of you. You have become the man I’ve always known you would be. I hope Lucy will make you happy every day of your life.” Jim reached out to shake his son’s hand. Lee rushed forward and hugged his father. 
“I love you too Dad.” Lee stepped back. His father nodded. 
“Your mother says you have two hours to get ready. She’ll come and get you in an hour and half.” With that Lee watched as his father turned and left. Lee stepped back and looked at the suite. Yuck, he had always hated wearing those things.
He stood up and went over to the control room. He sat down and looked at the RV camera. He saw both Jack and Liz dressing. On the camera outside the cellar he saw his mother standing there. He couldn’t tell what she was saying. He looked at the clock. He figured it was breakfast time. His stomach growled while thinking about food. 
 “Lee, where are you?” Lee walked out into the hall and into the bunker. His grandma, Ruth stood there by the small table. 
“Here’s your breakfast dear.” She walked over to him and hugged him. She stepped back and looked up at him. 
“Lee, I want you to know that I’m very happy for you. While sometimes I might act like I don’t. I really am. I’m glad you and Lucy found each other.” She reached out and hugged him again. 
“I love you too grandma!” She kissed him on the cheek and turned to go. Lee walked over to the table and sat down. He looked at the plate of food, and then at the clock. Then he felt like he was going to be sick. He pushed the plate away. 
“Butterflies?” He looked up at the door. His grandfather stood there looking at him. Lee stood up and walked over to him. He wrapped his grandpa in a hug. 
“I think it just hit me. I’m excited, but all these other things started popping in my head. Then I began thinking about the unborn child, and building a life with her.” Lee stepped back and looked at him. His grandfather sat down in the chair. 
 “Let me tell you this Lee. Nothing beats the love of a good woman. I do think you have a good one. She has talked about nothing, but you all morning.” Lee scooted to the edge of his seat. 
“Lucy has shown nothing but love for our whole family. She’s kept us safe and fed. That counts for something. It shows her heart is in the right place. Now I’m not saying it will be easy. There will be fights, there will be days when you don’t talk to one another. Maybe days before she even looks at you, but don’t let that moment go by without telling her you love her. It’s that simple Lee. Use the words in your head, and she’ll be by your side until it’s time for her to leave and be with the lord.” With that he stood up. Lee did the same. His grandfather turned around and gave a wink. “I think you got yourself a real wildcat!” He snickered and turned to go. Lee sat back down at the table and pulled the food back to himself. He dug in. 
“Can I come in?” he looked up and nodded to Sara. She come over and sat across from him. She smiled at him. “I just wanted you to know how happy I am. Lucy means a lot to me, and I’m glad she’s marrying you!” Lee stood up and walked over to her. He hugged her tightly. She stood up and headed for the door. She turned and smiled at him. “I love you!” with that he watched her disappear.
After he ate, Lee washed up his dishes and headed for the shower. He dried himself and looked at the suite laying on the bed. He couldn’t believe that today he would be married. Lee let his towel hit the ground and got dressed. When he was done he went back into the living room and sat down. His mother showed up finally. She walked over to him. Lee stood up. She fiddled with his tie, and then stood back. 
“I can’t believe you’re getting married today. My little boy is all grown up and getting ready to have a family himself.” She wrapped him in a hug. 
 “Oh mom” she let go. “Now let me have my say.” She smiled and stepped back. 
“I’m so glad you found Lucy. I believe she will make you so happy. Just wait until you see her!” Lee hugged his mom. 
“Thank you for always standing beside of me. I love you!” Lee let her go. 
“My makeup” she took him by the hand. 
 “Well, what do you say we get you married?” Lee nodded. He followed her back through the tunnel to the basement. He saw his father and grandpa standing at the top of the stairs. Lee could hear Michelle crying, then Michael jabbering. Darla went up the stairs into the house. Lee climbed the stairs. His father reached out and shook his hand. Darla came back and slipped a flower into his coat pocket. 
“Your grandma and I grew these in the aeroponics bay.” She kissed him on the cheek and went back out into the house. Lee heard the music start. His father motioned for him to go on. Lee stepped out into the hall and out onto the porch. He saw an archway over the steps. It was covered in twinkling lights and flowers. He joined his mom and grandma, Sara stood there in her pink dress smiling at him. His dad and grandpa joined him. Michael ran around the yard. He saw both Jack and Liz. Darla stepped back inside and walked out with Lucy. He marveled at the gown they had made, and how beautiful she was. Lucy walked her up to Lee. 
“You’re so beautiful.” Lucy smiled at him. They both turned to Earl. 
 “Both of you can now say your vows.” Lee went first and then Lucy. They each vowed to love one another in life and death. Both promised total commitment to their marriage and child. Earl took a step back and took several photos. 
“I now pronounce you husband and wife. Kiss her Lee.” Lee leaned in and kissed her. He knew he’d love her for the rest of his life.
They all moved out into the yard. They had set up a table with food on it. Michael ran up to Lee and held out his hands. 
 “I love u!” Lee looked at the little boy. 
“I love you too Michael.” Lee walked over to the table and sat him down. Darla came carrying a plate for him. Ruth sat down beside of him holding Michelle. 
They all sat and ate. Everyone was dressed up. It was so nice to have his family all sitting around the table on this very special day. He kept glancing over at Lucy. She looked so much older in that dress and makeup, but he knew which Lucy he loved the best. That was the smart, brainy Lucy that wore jeans, and long shirts. He loved her with no makeup on, and her hair drawn back in a ponytail. Lucy leaned in and kissed him. Everyone, ate until the food was mostly gone. Then Darla put on some music. 
“Well, before you two are off, let’s dance a little.” She reached out and took Jim’s hand. One by one the family joined them. Jack and Liz joined everyone too. Lucy and Lee took Michael’s and Sara’s hands so they wouldn’t be left out. 
Several hours had passed. Everyone was chatting. Jim looked at his watch. It was getting into evening hours. 
“If you two are going to make it to the cave before dark, you better get changed and be heading out soon.” Lee took Lucy by the hand and headed off into the house. Everyone clapped as they walked away hand in hand. Inside Lee and Lucy changed out of their wedding clothes. They both packed a small bag with clothes. 
“Well, I think I’m ready.” Lucy walked over to him. She held up the ring on her finger. “Did you and your dad really make these?” Lee nodded. She rocked onto her toes and kissed him. 
“I can’t wait to get you alone!” Lee grinned. 
“Oh, I’m ready for you!” Lee grabbed their bags and Lucy by the hand. Downstairs everyone was waiting for them. Michael ran up to Lee. Lee reached down and picked him up. 
 “I go?” Lee looked over at Lucy. 
“I’m sorry little man, but not this time. You have to stay here where it’s safe.” Lee handed Michael over to his father. 
 The couple went out of the door. Everyone threw rice after them. Jim had pulled the vehicle up front. Lee loaded their bags and both of them got in. They waved at the family. Everyone yelled at them. Lee backed the vehicle, and off they went. Lee drove off the farm and out of the barrier. They were on the road heading to the cave.
Lucy wiggled herself as close to Lee as she could get. She ran her hand up and down his leg. She knew she was driving him nuts. Finally, she stopped. She looked up ahead and saw several things on the road. Lee slowed the vehicle. Lucy picked up her rifle and blasted, they fell to the side dead. 
 “Good shooting!” Lee pressed the pedal down. Lucy scooted back over to Lee. Lee kept glancing over at Lucy. She kept giggling and playing with his leg. They soon arrived at the cave. Lee drove as deep into the trees as he could. He reached into the console and pulled out the barrier box. He grabbed their bags, and sat the box in the back of the vehicle. He activated it. He followed Lucy to the back of the cave. He dropped the bags and swooped her up. He opened the door and took her inside. Inside the lights still glowed. He kissed his wife and put her down. Lee went back outside and got their bags. When he came back inside he closed the door. When he turned around Lucy stood there totally naked. He walked over to her and picked her up. 
Lee woke a few hours later. He pulled on his pants and shoes. He had forgotten how cool this place was. He walked back through the cave to the kitchen. He rummaged through the bag and found a few more of the heating boxes. He walked back to the bedroom quietly to the far end of the room and stuck the box against the rock wall. He did the same on the other end. He was amazed at how much warmer the room had already felt. He walked back to the kitchen and pulled out the tablet. He looked at the cameras back at the farm. He saw his dad and Sara cleaning up after the wedding. His mom was on the porch carrying in dishes and uneaten food. Lee flipped to the other farm. As usual, the things still filled the farm. He saw the lights on in the house and people walking from side to side. He flipped to the RV camera. He didn’t see anyone at first then Liz came into view. She sat down on her bed and began eating. He heard a scuffling behind him and turned around. 
“What are you doing?” Lucy stood there with his shirt on. He scooted out his chair and took her into his arms. 
“That shirt looks much better on you than me!” He kissed her. He turned back to the tablet. “I was just checking the cameras. Looks like everyone is cleaning up. Liz is eating in the RV.” Lucy looked at the screen. She walked over to her bags and pulled out several cameras. She laid them down on the table. 
“Maybe we should put these outside, just in case.” Lee picked up the cameras. He went outside and stuck one right on the front of the cave by the front door. This gave them a view of the main entrance full of trees. He stopped before re-entering the cave and put the other on the side. He went back inside and saw Lucy sitting with the tablet. “How does it look?” She motioned for him to come and look. Lee looked at the screen. They now had clear views of both main entrances. She turned back to Lee. 
“I bet you’re cold? Close the door!” Lee turned around and closed the door. When he turned around Lucy stood holding his shirt. She handed it to him and walked around him.
“You going to join me?” She giggled and ran off to the bedroom.
Lee stretched out in the bed. “What are you thinking?” Lee looked over at Lucy. 
“I’m thinking about how lucky I am to be married to the most beautiful woman in the world. I’m thinking about the few hours we’ve been here. How we don’t have to sneak around, and watch over our shoulders. I’m thinking about that baby growing in you. I’m thinking about the years to come, and most of all I’m so happy to have you as my wife.” Lucy rolled over and kissed him. 
“So, what do you want to do now?” Lee sat up and kissed her. 
 “Well, there’s not much we can do tonight. But tomorrow I think we’ll go out for a while and explore.” She looked at him. 
“Will you take me to visit my parents?” Lee thought for a few moments. 
“I will!” She rolled back over to her side of the bed, and pulled on his shirt again. 
“What are you doing?” She laughed. “I’m hungry! Come on let’s go and fix something!” Lee got out of bed and dug through his bag and pulled out a pair of pajamas. He followed Lucy to the kitchen. “It will take forever to get this thing going.” Lucy giggled. She rummaged through the bag. She pulled out a thin device. Lee took it and flipped it over. There was a single button on the very end. He hit it, and immediately dropped it. “Crap, that thing got hot,” Lucy smiled at him. She dug out a pair of tweezers and picked up the pad. She opened where wood was usually placed. In no time Lee felt the heat coming from the stove. “Didn’t take that long.” He leaned in and kissed her. 
He went over to the living room and sat down. He flipped on the TV, but it didn’t come on. “Crap, we took the batteries when we left.” He saw Lucy walk over to the bag and pull out another power cell. She tossed it his way. Lee went back into the cave where the wiring ended. He sat the box down and put the wires on top. He heard the TV come to life. He walked back through the cave, and stopped behind Lucy. 
“Smells good!” “Thank you!” He went back to the TV. 
“What do you want to watch?” He grabbed a handful of DVDS and went back to her. She picked one and he put it in.
Soon Lucy had dinner on the table. He watched Lucy pile her plate. They had a nice quiet dinner. 
“What about the stove?” Lucy looked over at it. 
 “It should have kicked off by now.” Lee pulled open the door, and she was right. She laughed at him. 
“It only burns for thirty minutes, then kicks off.” When Lee was done cleaning up he looked at the new cameras. 
“There’re several things out there.” Lucy looked over his shoulder. She ran her hands down his back. “Well, we can either go and shoot those things, or go to bed?” Lee walked over to the TV and turned it all off. 
“What about the lights?” Lucy walked over to the light strip that laid on the table and tapped it twice. It dimmed down to a bare glow. She did the same to the strip in the kitchen. She took Lee by the hand and led him back through the cave to the bedroom.
Chapter Twenty-One
The newly married couple stayed in the cave for a few days. They only went outside to get fresh air and to check on the vehicle. They flew the drone out over the area a few times, but didn’t see anything or anyone. On the far side past the creek, they did see a farmhouse which they planned checking out before going back to the farm. They communicated with the farm several times. Jack and Liz had been fitting right in. 
 Lee rolled out of bed and pulled on his clothes. He went into the kitchen and turned on the heating device. He fried some eggs, and bacon, and toasted a few pieces of bread. He put it all on a plate and headed to the bedroom, but before he got halfway he met Lucy. 
“Smelled the food didn’t you?” She leaned in and kissed him. Lee turned around and put the food on the table. He sat on the side, and watched as she ate. 
“Do you want something else?” She shook her head in a no reply. 
“What time are we leaving?” Lee looked at his watch. 
“We’d better wait until the sun comes out. There’s been quite a few things out there the last few nights.” Lucy nodded. He watched her head back to the bedroom. He sat down at the table and looked at the cameras. He saw several things on the far end banging on the vehicle and the front entrance. He checked the cameras for the farm. There wasn’t anything moving. He yawned and stood up. He looked at his watch again. He turned and went down the hallway. When he entered the bedroom Lucy was already snoring.  He kicked off his shoes and sat on the bed. He threw back the covers and slid in. Several hours later, he woke up to find Lucy getting dressed on her side of the bed. Lee smiled at her. 
“You had better get up so we could get started.” Lee threw back the covers and pulled on his pants. He stood up, and followed Lucy to the living room. He looked around, picked up the tablet, and looked at the cameras. “Looks clear now.” Lucy placed her bag on the table. Lee watched her sort through it. She pulled out a long cylinder, and placed it on the table. She pushed some buttons on it and it lit up. 
“What’s that?” She looked up at him. “The power is getting low. It gathers the energy the spiders store.” Lee nodded. Lucy slung her rifle on her back, and zipped her bag. She stuffed three silver balls in her pocket and held a smaller tablet. She walked up to Lee. 
“I’m ready!”  He opened the door and waited for Lucy to come out before closing it behind them. “See the barrier boxes. They might have another day if not charged.” Lee saw the yellow light blink. He walked up to Lucy. 
“Stay close. If anything goes wrong, run. Don’t worry about me.” Lucy patted her bag. 
“I believe we’ll be ok.” He kissed her and started off down the path to the vehicle. There were several things banging on the barrier. He grabbed his rifle and blasted them. He saw Lucy pull one of the silver balls out of her pocket. She tossed it on the ground. She took out her tablet and pushed some buttons. The ball turned into a smaller version of the spider bot and immediately began to feed on the dead things. She walked over to the vehicle and started the drone. She took out a band, slid it on her wrist and held it up. 
“Once in the air, the drone will follow this band. No controls needed.” Lee watched as the drone raised into the air and disappeared. Lee started to walk in front of her. She grabbed his arm. “My parents first?” Lee nodded. Lee went on down the path. When they came to the meadow he looked both ways and turned to Lucy. 
“Anything?” She shook her head and replied no. He went out into the open and walked through the meadow, staying alert. He heard Lucy’s foot steps behind him and they came to the woods, he pulled his rifle from his shoulder. 
“Stay close!” He kissed her and turned around. They went into the woods.  Lee heard the creek up ahead. He stopped, and turned around. 
“Your parents are over there by that big tree. Be careful, we don’t know who or what’s been here.” Lucy nodded. Lee didn’t follow her. He wanted to give her some privacy. He saw her bend down, and heard some sniffling. Then he saw a bright light. He started walking to the grave. There he saw a soft glow and a 3d image of Lucy’s parents. She turned and looked at him. 
“A fitting memorial, don’t you think?” Lee looked at the image. He bent down and kissed her on the cheek. 
“It’s wonderful.” He stood up and walked over to the creek. Lucy did the same. Lee looked at the view. The meadow continued on the other side, and it seemed to go for miles. 
“Is it safe?” Lucy looked at her tablet. 
“I don’t see anything!” Lee looked for the shallowest part of the creek. The air was cold so he didn’t want to get wet above his boots. Lee took a step forward, then Lucy grabbed his arm. 
“Why don’t we drive around?” Lee didn’t know what to say. She saw the expression on his face. 
“I can have it here in five minutes.” Lee stood beside her and watched as the drone headed back. He saw it land on the bed of the vehicle then, saw the vehicle come to life. 
“How?” Lucy kissed him. “I’m smart!” He let out a laugh. He followed her back to the edge of the meadow. A few minutes later he saw the vehicle come out of the woods and across the meadow to them. Lucy looked at him and winked. 
“The vehicles are electronic, so I’m using the drone’s system to control it.”  The vehicle stopped right in front of them. He watched as Lucy climbed in. He walked over to the driver side and climbed in. He heard the drone, as it lifted back into the air.
Lee took his time driving towards the farmhouse they planned to visit. He had never been this far from his family’s property. They had been driving for an hour when the roofs of the barns came into view. Lee stopped on top of the ridge, and looked at Lucy. 
“Is it all clear?” Lucy looked at her tablet. Then at the back they heard the all familiar smacking sound. Lee turned to see a small group of five things approaching them. They stepped out and blasted the things. Lucy walked up to them and dropped the second ball. Lee watched as it transformed and ate the bodies. 
“That will give our energy supply a nice boost.” They climbed back into the vehicle. Lee looked over at Lucy. 
“All clear!” Lee pressed down the pedal as they lurched out into the open and down the ridge. They rolled onto the farm. They both looked around. Lucy got out and looked down at her tablet. 
“Still clear?” She nodded, as she walked towards the house. Lee stepped forward and activated the barrier. He took the rifle from his shoulder and followed her. At the house, the door creaked as it opened. Lucy stepped inside and was marveled again by the wealth. She walked over to the mantel and wiped the dust off the pictures. 
“Nice family!” She turned and handed the picture to Lee. She went into the kitchen and saw several broken windows. She saw bloodstains on the sink and floor, on the wall and the appliances were blood splatters. She walked over to the sink and turned on the knob. 
“Hey, running water. We could have a hot shower!” She turned to look at Lee who opened the cabinets. 
“Look at all the food!” The cabinets were stuffed with canned goods. Lucy walked over and pulled the pantry, and was marveled again. 
“In here too!” Lee walked over and looked. Wooden shelves lined the walls filled with jars of canned foods. 
“Someone was busy!” Lee continued to walk through the house. The living room was quaint and comfortable. Lee picked up several other pictures looking and placing them back. He heard Lucy go up the stairs. He walked around the corner, closed the door and then followed her.  He found her in a room at the end of the hall. As he walked in, he was taken aback. It was another nursery. Lucy picked some clothes. 
“We could use some of these.” She turned and held up a pair of jeans. 
“Guess we can take whatever we need.” Lucy smiled at him. She walked around the baby bed. 
They explored the rest of the house, and went outside. 
“Wonder who lived here?” Lucy saw the mailbox on the far side, and pointed at it. They both walked over to it. Lee wiped the cake on dirt away from the name. 
“Curtis.” Lee read the name aloud. 
“I don’t remember anyone named that from school or town?” Lucy shook her head. “I don’t think they were in our county.” She turned and headed for the biggest barn. They stopped and listened, the doors opened and the noise was so loud that it hurt their ears. 
“There must be fifty or more.” Lee looked over at Lucy. He let out a loud whistle and the things came rushing out after them. They shot at few while others fell over the dead ones. Lee and Lucy were able to keep a distance. Lee focused on those at the middle while Lucy attacked the ones from the sides. After a while, the things stopped coming out. 
“Fifty-five of them.” Lee watched as Lucy pulled out the last spider bot. She threw it in the center of the dead things, and took out her tablet. The bot responded as she pressed the tablet and started feeding on the dead things. They walked around the pile of bodies and looked around the barn. 
“Not much here. Looks like someone stripped it clean.” Lucy stopped and looked around. 
“Wonder who would take the tools, but not all the food?” Lee shrugged his shoulders. They went back outside, and looked around the barn. There on the left hand side was a blue ford pickup truck. The back was stuffed full of tools. On top lay a small boy half eaten. He smacked his jaws at them, and flared his arms. Lucy pointed her rifle and shot him. Inside, a thing clawed at the windows. 
“The things must have gotten the boy in the barn. Whoever is in the truck must have dragged him out and got bitten.” Lee opened the door. The thing fell out. Lucy, and Lee both immediately covered their noses, and mouths. The thing had decayed quicker since it’s been trapped. Lee took a step back and fired at it. It slumped over dead. Lucy took Lee’s hand and led him away. They walked back to the house.
They sat in the living room. Lucy put her bag on the coffee table as she rummaged through it. She pulled out a power supply. 
“If we can find the breaker box, we can have a nice hot shower before we head back.” Lee stood up and took the power supply. He walked through the kitchen opening doors and closets. He found the box upstairs in the main closet. He sat the power box on top and turned it on. He watched as the ceiling fan in the room came to life. He went back downstairs to find Lucy almost asleep on the couch. He turned and went back up to the bedroom. He rummaged through the dresser and found some clothes for them both. He went into the bathroom and took a couple towels and wash clothes. 
Downstairs, he went into the little laundry room and put all the clothes in the washer. He started the machine and went back to the living room. He picked up Lucy’s bag taking out four barrier boxes. He went outside and made a barrier around the house. He looked around the farm. He wondered where the family had gone. 
Back inside, he sat at the table. He waited for the washer to finish, and threw the clothes in the dryer. He rummaged through the cabinet and sat some jars out for dinner. Lee walked back to the living room and sat on the chair. Moments later he was asleep.
Lee was awakened by the loud smacking of jaws. He opened his eyes to see Lucy at the front door. 
“Looks like we’re staying here tonight.” Lee walked over to her. He saw that it was already dusk. “Crap, we slept through the entire day.’ She turned to him closing the door. 
 “At least we’re safe, because you put out the barrier boxes.” She leaned in and kissed him. “How about you grabbing those nice clean clothes, and we’ll take that shower!” Lee turned and almost ran. Lucy took him by the hand and they went up the stairs. 
Lee watched as Lucy’s clothes hit the floor. He grabbed his and pulled them off as fast as he could. He turned the knobs and soon steaming water gushed out of the shower. Lucy took him by the hand and led him to the stall. 
An hour later, they both emerged from the bathroom. Lee slipped on the house shoes he found in the bedroom. He watched Lucy as she gathered up their dirty clothes. He turned and headed back downstairs. She put them in the washer and turned it on. Lee went through the cabinets looking for cookware. She wrapped her arms around him. 
“What’s for dinner?” He picked up the jars and showed her. She nodded in approval. The air streaming in through the broken windows was very cold. Lee looked at Lucy shivering. He reached up and closed the blinds. 
“Go to the living room, I’ll bring the food when it’s done.” She turned and left. Lee found the cookware and dumped the jar of meat in the skillet. He did the same with some corn and green beans. Soon the smell of food filled the house. He heard the constant smacking of the things outside. Lee grabbed his riffle and went out to the porch and blasted them. He walked around the barrier killing any he came across. He went back inside and stirred the food.  He served a full plate for Lucy and took it to her who was covered up on the couch. 
“It’s about time. I’m starved!” She took the plate and dug in. Lee sat on the chair and ate. When Lucy was done, she got up and went into the kitchen. He could hear her scrapping the pots. She came back in and sat down. 
“Hope you don’t want anymore.” Lee shook his head smiling at her. Lee got up and headed back to the kitchen. He ran water and washed up the cookware. He heard Lucy approaching. 
“Why don’t you just leave them? It’s not like anyone is coming back!” Lee shrugged his shoulders. 
“We might want to come back?” Lucy looked at him. 
“Maybe, I like it way out here.” She kissed him on the cheek and went back to the living room. Lee looked out the window as he was washing.  At a distance, he saw a blinking light. He quickly turned off the lights and headed to the living room. 
“There’s someone out there!” Lucy stuffed her stuff back in her bag. She ran to the laundry room and grabbed their clothes and stuffed them in a basket. They turned off all the lights. 
“I’d say they saw the lights!” Lee turned heading outside. 
“The power box!” Lee turned to Lucy. 
“I’ll get it, go to the vehicle and activate the cloak.” Lee handed Lucy his bag. He turned and ran into the house. He ran to the closet and grabbed the small box. He rushed back downstairs and outside. He saw Lucy already waiting for him in the vehicle. He shook his head. 
“We have to get the barrier boxes too.” Lucy handed him one of the boxes. 
“They are getting closer. Take this!” Lee took the box and turned on the barrier and cloak. He ran as fast as his feet would take. He grabbed the first two boxes. He saw the lights coming down the ridge. He went around the corner and grabbed the third box. He stopped abruptly, just a few feet from the fourth. There were four things standing there. He took his rifle and shot them.  Lee swooped down and grabbed the fourth box and ran back to Lucy. He saw the truck roll onto the farm.
Lee put the vehicle in reverse, and stomped the pedal. He watched the big truck roll up to the house. Lee looked over at Lucy. 
“Army?” Lucy shook her head, and held her finger up to her mouth. They watched as five men got out of the truck and went into the house. They saw their flash lights through the windows. The group then converged on the front porch. 
“Someone was here, and it was just moments ago.” Lee watched as one of the guys handed the other a sock. “It’s warm from the dryer, but there’s no power?” The guy shook his head. 
“Spread out and search the whole farm. They couldn’t have gotten far.” They watched as some of the men went back into the house, while some went towards the barns. Lee pointed at the guy on the porch who was still looking at the sock. Lucy shrugged. They watched the guys go back to the porch. 
“Whoever was here has either gone, or hidden.” The guy held up the sock. 
“I’d like to know where the power came from to run the dryer.” The guy looked around. 
“Well, let’s go!” The guys all climbed back in the truck. They bounced off over the ridge. “We can’t stay here. They will keep an eye on this place.” Lucy nodded. 
“Let’s go back to the cave.” Lee started the vehicle. He heard the drone start up. 
“I’ll see which direction they go.” Lee bounced on the road. He didn’t dare turn on the headlights. They were moving at a crawl. Lucy was shooting any things as they approached.
After several hours, they finally reached the cave. Lee jumped out and shot several things. Lucy pushed her normal buttons and Lee saw all three spider bots come to feed. Lee looked at Lucy. “What’s wrong?” she shrugged. 
“I was hoping to pack those baby clothes and bring them with us. It’s just not safe.” She walked passed Lee and headed to the back entrance. Lee followed her. He stopped and secured the door. Lucy walked around tapping the lights. 
“Who do you think they were?” Lucy placed her bag on the table and emptied her pockets. Lee had a feeling she knew who they were. He walked over to her and looked at her. 
“Do you know something?” She shook her head no. She took the clothes from the basket. 
“I’m going to hang these up. They are still damp.” Lee sat on a chair, and watched her go off. Lee thought about the men and the truck. He knew it was military. Maybe they had finally come looking for survivors? Lucy came back in and sat opposite to Lee. She looked up at him with worry on her face. 
“I think we should go back to the farm tomorrow.” Lee was shocked. 
“Why?” She sat quietly for a few minutes, and then spoke. 
“Those weren’t Army. I believe it was the same branch my father worked for. Maybe they caught some of my uncle’s men and they told them I was out here? What if they arrive at the farm to claim it or my dad’s database? I know they have some of his tech and some plans. I don’t know how much they know, or have, but I just think it might be better if we go home.” Lee stood up, walked over to her. He bent down and kissed her. 
“Can we hold them off, if the try to evade the farm?” Lucy shrugged her shoulders. 
“I don’t know. In reality none of my dad’s tech would even exist without their money. If push comes to shove, maybe we should just give it to them?” Lee stood up. 
“No, I don’t think that’s a good idea. It might have been their money, but that tech belongs to you now. Where have they been all this time? They should have been out there keeping people safe!” Lucy looked up at Lee. 
“So, we’ll go home tomorrow?” Lee nodded 
“Whatever you want.” She stood up and kissed him. He watched as she disappeared back into the cave. Lee watched the cameras, he saw his father at the farm walking along the parameter. He sat the tablet down and tapped the lights.
In the bedroom, Lee found Lucy already in bed. He took off his shoes and pants and pulled on the covers. He reached over and kissed her on the arm. She didn’t move or say anything. He turned back to his side and pulled the covers over him.
The next morning, Lee heard Lucy rattling around. He pushed off his covers, and pulled on his pants and shoes. He stumbled through the cave to the kitchen. He saw her boxing up their supplies.  “You’re up early.” She turned and looked at him. 
“I’m worried; I want to get back.” She continued. Lee sat down in the chair, and rubbed his eyes. “Are you going to help?” He stood up and tried to kiss her, but she backed away. “I don’t think you know the severity of our situation. If those guys were who I think they are, we are in for a fight. Nothing good will happen when they show up at the farm. We don’t even know how much of my dad’s tech they have. We might not even be able to keep them out with the barrier.” She started to cry. Lee took her and wrapped his arms around her. 
“Remember you’re smarter than us. You know your dad’s work. You can make it better to protect us.” She looked up at him. 
“Maybe, but we have to get back first.” He saw the worry in her eyes. He walked around her and started stuffing boxes.
It took a few hours to get everything packed up. Lee packed the vehicle and secured the entrances. Lucy suggested they leave a couple of the spiders set on auto and barrier boxes. 
“The spiders will kill and eat the things to charge the boxes. At least if something happens to the farm we can have this place to fall back on.” Lee did as Lucy suggested. He climbed into the vehicle, as he did he heard the drone take off. Lucy took out the barrier box and turned it on, and cloaked them. Lee backed out of the woods into the meadow. He pointed the vehicle toward the farm and pushed the pedal.
Lee went as fast as he could. He didn’t waste any time. Lucy kept watch from her tablet. Everything was quiet and clear. They bumped along and finally, they came to the road. Lee stopped the vehicle, and looked at the sky. The sunrise was amazing. Lucy blasted the few things that stood in their way. 
“Soon, this road will be impassable. Unless all those bodies are cleared.” Lee pushed the pedal down, and they sped off. Lucy didn’t say anything. He knew she was scared. She could defeat these people if they showed up. She was smart enough to protect them. If she couldn’t, they would flee to the cave. At least they would be safe for a while.
They drove along as fast as they could. Lee had to go into the woods off the road to pass a small horde of things. He knew this path would take them a little past the farm, but he didn’t care. He didn’t want to waste time killing the things, and then dragging their bodies out of the way. He was anxious to see his family. They had only been gone five days, but it seemed the had been gone for years. Lee hit his brakes, as another thing appeared. He jumped out and shot it. He dragged the body off the road. He jumped back in and hit the pedal. They soon came back out onto the road. Lucy started to breathe hard. Lee stopped the vehicle. 
“What’s wrong?” She gave Lee the tablet. Lee looked at the video of the other farm. He watched as smoke rose to the sky. The house was gone, and the things laid charred. He looked over at Lucy. “Is it them?” 
“I don’t know, but if they did that, then they are close to home.” Lee shoved the pedal hard. They lurched forward. As they got closer Lee saw the dark smoke from the other farm. He saw the fire ball where the house had stood. Lee hit the road sideways. He wished the vehicle would go faster. As they came close to their own farm, they saw several trucks at the boundary. Lucy pointed to the barns. Lee drove off the road and towards the barns. As they passed through the barrier, Lucy turned off the cloak and barrier box and motioned for Lee to go on. They burst out into the open. Lucy could see guys in uniform pointing at them. Lee drove up to the porch where his family stood. Lee jumped out. 
“Is everyone ok?” Jim nodded his head. Lucy got out and walked up to him. 
“Have they said anything yet?” Jim shook his head. 
“They just got here, I’ve tried to speak to them, but they seem to be distracted by the barrier.” Lucy ran over to the cellar. She ran as fast as her feet could take her. She sat in the chair in front of the control panel. She turned the barrier to full power. She changed the frequency. She saw power spikes in the system. She knew they were trying to find a way to pass through. She grabbed her tablet and went back outside to join Lee and his family.
Chapter Twenty-Two
Lee and his family stood watching the men. Lucy came back carrying her tablet. She looked at Lee. 
“They are trying to disrupt the barrier. That’s probably how they got in on the other farm. I’ve turned up the power and have it rotating its frequency.” She turned to go towards the men. She looked at Lee. 
“You coming?” Lee ran up to her. He followed his wife up to the barrier. She watched the guys with their equipment. They all looked up at her. 
“Lucy Walker I presume?” Lucy nodded. 
“Very good guess, and who am I speaking to?” The guy just stood while Lucy stared his way. Finally, the guy walked over to the barrier. 
“I’ve heard you are almost as smart as your father. You know all this technology belongs to us, and so does all the plans on his computer.” Lucy shook her head. 
“You are wrong. Your contract with my father is over. He is dead, this farm and its contents now belong to me.” Lucy reached into her pocket and pulled out sheets of paper. She slowly reached through the barrier and let them fall. They guy swooped them up and read. He shook his head. 
“Your father can’t give you what’s not his. It was you last night at the farm wasn’t it?” Lucy stood looking at the guy. 
“I don’t know what you’re talking about.” Lucy took Lee by the hand, and turned back towards the farm. 
“You know I will get in there, and all of you will pay. I want what’s mine!” Lucy turned around. “Let me tell you something. My father was a great man. His inventions and designs belong to no one. I’ve heard those words before SIR! The man that said them was on the farm you destroyed.” Lucy pointed toward the second farm and the man smiled. 
“You mean this man?” He motioned for his men to move. One opened the back door and pulled out her uncle. Lucy backed off. 
“The man you tried to kill?” Her uncle smiled at her. The soldier stuffed him back into the vehicle. 
“Just do what’s right.” The guy pulled out a USB drive and laid it on the ground. 
“Copy your father’s database for me, and we’ll leave you, and this farm alone.” Lucy shook her head. 
“I don’t think so! If you could have gotten on this farm you would have already done so. I’m my father’s daughter, and I can take care of my family. Back off, or I’ll destroy you!” Lucy pushed some buttons and the drone fired a shot right in front of the man. 
Lucy stepped close to the man. “There’s more firepower on this farm than your whole group has. Don’t make me use it.” Lucy once again took Lee by the hand and led him off. Halfway to the house, Lucy heard a blast. She turned around to see one of the guys with a missile launcher. Lucy pushed some buttons on her tablet, and the drone fired one shot at the guy. He fell to the ground twitching. 
“Don’t underestimate me my dear.” Lucy smiled and continued to walk.
Back at the house, Lee’s entire family waited. The both of them stepped on the porch. Lucy didn’t stop. She continued into the house. 
“We need to go to the cellar.” She turned to Lee. 
“I knew this was going to happen. Maybe I should just get his drive and copy the database so they will leave us alone?” Lucy sat and started to cry. 
“I just don’t know if I can protect us.” Darla bent down, and took Lucy’s hand. 
“You have been protecting us for months. We don’t know who these men are, or where they come from. What will they do with your father’s research? How many people will suffer if they get it? We all trust you, we all will stand beside you now and forever.” Darla stood up, turned around and looked at her family. 
“Let’s vote on it. Do we stand with Lucy?” Everyone in the room raised their hands. Darla turned back to Lucy. 
“See my dear, this family loves you, and we all will stand with you until we die.” She turned back to everyone. 
“Go pack your bags. You heard Lucy, we need to get to the cellar.” Everyone scattered.  Jim and Darla stood watching Lucy. 
“I think we should let them have what they want. They will leave us alone.” Darla turned to Jack, and his daughter. 
“Jack we have given you food, and shelter. If you want to go, we’ll pack you some food and see you off.” She turned and went up the stairs. Jim followed his wife. Lee went over to his wife and took her hand. Lee turned around and looked at Jack. “I want your answer when I come back down.” Lee and Lucy went up the stairs. They packed some clothes and went back downstairs.  Jim stood at the basement door waiting on them. “Where’s Jack and Liz?” Jim shrugged his shoulders. Lee looked at Lucy. 
“Go ahead and get to the cellar. I’ll be right there.” Lucy nodded and headed down into the basement. Lee looked at his father. Jim nodded, and they both went out the door. They both walked over to the RV. Lee knocked, Liz opened the door a few moments later. 
“Where’s your father?” Jack appeared behind her. “Have you made your decision?” Jack nodded. 
“Were leaving.” Lee nodded. “Meet me in the house in few minutes, and I’ll help you pack some food.” Lee and Jim turned and headed back to the house. Lee went into the kitchen to pack some food. He heard Jacks and Liz’s footsteps. He turned and looked at them. 
“I’m sorry you’re leaving, but I know how scary this looks. We’ve been through worse.” Lee handed Jack the bag of food, and went room to room to turn off the lights. “Follow us.” Lee led them through the back of the house. He took Jack by the arm and led him through the barrier. Jim did the same with Liz. “Hurry to the trees.” Jim took the rifle from his shoulder. “Here take this.” Jack took the gun and began to climb the hill. Lee turned back to his father. “Let’s get back to the cellar.”
Before Lee and his father got to the house they heard a loud shout and then a flash of light. They turned to see Jack and Liz hit the ground. Lee shook his head. 
“They killed them!” Lee grabbed his father’s arm and started to run. Lee could see the flashes against the barrier. They ran back into the house to the basement. Lee stopped and shut the door. His father was waiting by the tunnel door. Lee punched in the code and the door swung open. Lee locked the door behind them and they continued to walk to the cellar. Inside Michael was running all over the place. He saw Darla standing at the control room entrance. Lee walked up to her. She patted him on the back. He smiled at Sara as he walked by. Lee walked in and looked at Lucy. She turned and looked at him. He saw dozens of robot spiders. 
“I’m going to send them out to feed in a while. It will help our power reserves, especially if they try to disrupt the barrier to get weak spots.” Lee looked at the monitors. “What are they doing?” Lucy shook her head. “I don’t know.”
Hours passed and all was quiet. Lee finally talked Lucy into getting some sleep. He knew it would take some time for this group to get their game plan together, and he figured they were talking to Lucy’s uncle. Lee watched the screens, and the men until morning. He could smell breakfast being cooked. He stood up and stretched. He heard someone walking towards the room. He turned to see his father appear. He handed Lee a cup of coffee. 
“Anything going on?” Lee shrugged his shoulders. “I don’t know what they are doing. It looked like they put together a big antenna.” They heard someone else coming. Lee saw Lucy at the doorway still in her pajamas. She looked at the screen and saw the big machine they had put together. She pointed at the screen. 
“They are trying to make a hole in the barrier.” Lucy watched as a blue light hit the barrier. Lee saw the gauges go crazy. Lucy snickered. “They are amateurs.” She motioned for Lee to get up. She sat and adjusted some controls. 
“Watch the screen.” Lee and Jim looked at the screen. They saw a red beam come from the barrier and hit the machine. Seconds later it exploded. She turned and looked at them. “Who’s dumb now?” She kissed Lee. 
“Good morning my husband! What do you say, we go back to the house and have a shower?” She took Lee by the hand. Before she left the room, she looked over at Jim. 
“Keep everyone in here for a while. I think we can go back to the house later.” Jim nodded.
Lucy led Lee back through the tunnel into the basement. They climbed the stairs to the house.  They turned at the top of the stairs and headed to their bedroom. Lucy slammed the door. She took Lee’s shirt off, grabbed his pants and led him into the bathroom. Lee stepped out of the shower and dried up. He watched his wife do the same. He handed her a towel. 
“You’re getting bigger.” Lee stepped forward and rubbed her belly. 
“It’s growing fast now!” Lucy smiled. “Nice save big guy!” She kissed him. They both got dressed, and headed downstairs. Everyone was already there. Darla and Ruth were back in the kitchen. Darla turned around. 
“Are we safe in the house?” Lucy shrugged. 
“I think so, they haven’t shown me they can do us any harm. We’ll go back to the bunker tonight, but I think we will be ok during the day.” Darla looked at them. 
“Where’s dad?” His mother looked at him. “He’s checking out the RV to make sure they didn’t leave any surprises behind.” Lee looked at his mom. 
“Did dad tell you what happened last night?” Darla nodded. 
“It was their choice. He should have thought about his child, but he let his fear overtake him.” Darla turned back to the sink. Lee opened the door and stepped out into the morning air.
Lee looked around. He saw the army guys walking back and forth by the barrier. He looked towards the RV. He stepped out into the yard, and climbed up into the vehicle. His father had torn the place apart. Cushions laid on the floor. Books, curtains, food, everything laid on the counter. He heard stuff being thrown in the back. Lee went through the hall. His father was in the back bedroom. 
“What are you looking for?” Jim turned and looked at his son. 
“I don’t know. I have a feeling our friends were in with that group of guys. Something just isn’t right.” Jim sat on the bed. 
“I started thinking about Jack, and how we found them. It just didn’t make sense.” They both looked toward the hall. Lucy appeared. She shook her head. 
“You know there’s an easy way to find things?” She pulled out a bar and waved it around the room. 
“Nothing here.” She stepped back out into the yard. She walked around the vehicle with the bar. At the far back, the machine beeped. She pointed at the luggage door. Lee bent down and opened the door. Lucy took a step back. 
“It’s a bomb!” Lee shut the door, and ran back into the RV, it roared alive. Lee steered the vehicle towards the barn. Before he got outside the barrier they saw the door open and Lee rolled out onto the ground. The RV bounced through all the debris and flipped onto its side. Moments later there was a huge explosion.
Lucy and Jim ran to Lee, they helped him on his feet. Lucy stepped back and smacked him on the arm. 
“Hey, what’s that for?” Lucy pointed at the RV. “Are you crazy or something? What if it blew before you jumped?” Lee grinned. 
“Oh, you’re worried about me?” Jim rolled his eyes. “For god’s sake kids. Wait until bedtime!” He turned and headed back to the house. Everyone was standing on the porch. Lee kissed Lucy and took her by the hand. They looked over at the military guys. Lee led her by the men. 
“You will have to do better than that!” Lucy snickered at them. They turned around and headed back to the house.  
“Don’t worry, we haven’t begun!” Everyone had gone back into the house. Inside, everyone was standing around in the kitchen. Lee could tell by the look on his moms face he was about to get one of her big lectures. He stood there waiting, but she didn’t lecture him. Instead, she walked over to him, and gave him a hug. She turned and went back to the sink. Jim stood up. 
“Well, I think we now know what kind of people we are dealing with. Not only did they try to use people to get in here, they also murdered them!” Lee looked at his father. 
“We just have to be careful. With Lucy on our side we can keep them out.” Jim shook his head. “Jack was one of the nicest friends I’ve ever had. If they got to him, I just wonder who else out there they would try to use against us.” Lucy stepped forward. 
“If they could get in here we’d all be dead. They don’t know how to get past the barrier from out there. My dad’s invention can only be disabled from a blast inside. Their attempt this morning showed how desperate they were, but without the doctor my uncle is useless. He knows nothing about how all this works.” She stepped back to Lee’s side. 
Everyone went on about their day. The army made a few more attempts, and Lucy scattered them with the drones. Lucy watched the men make different attempts. She saw the captain smack her uncle several times. She knew he was playing his hand to stay alive. He should know best of all, that it is impossible to penetrate the barrier. Even the time he came close, he was thwarted.  Lucy watched the cameras. She saw them putting together another gun. She smiled at the effort. She was beginning to believe they knew absolutely nothing about her father’s work. She went to the drone’s controls, and flew it closer to the new gun. She blasted it to pieces. 
The men all stood around the burning parts. She saw the look on the commander’s face, then he shook his fist up at the sky. Lucy smiled, and was happy with herself. Those men had no idea the type of tech she had. “What’s going on? I saw something blow up!” She turned around and saw Lee. 
“They were building another gun, so I took care of it before it was done.” She smiled at Lee. He looked up at the screens. He saw the machine still smoking. 
“You know, I could just blow them away!” Lee looked down at her. 
“Do you think that’s necessary? Maybe they will just leave when they figure out it’s useless making an attempt to get in?” Lucy still thought he was naive. She knew they would never give up. Lee looked down at the spider bot cameras. 
“Where are they now?” She looked at the cameras. 
“They are on the other farm feeding. Just look at all the power they are sending us.” Lee saw the huge power gain coming from them. Lucy turned around and looked at him. She stood up, and kissed him. 
“You know we’re still on our honeymoon.” Lee smiled at her and picked her up. He took her into the bunker. He sat her down and kissed her deeply. She took him by the hand, and led him into the bedroom. This time she closed the door and locked it.
Lee was awakened by large booms. He jumped out of bed and got dressed. He ran to the control room. The men had some sort of vehicle blasting the barrier over and over. Lee took the drone controls, and blasted the machine. It didn’t blow like the last time. He then checked the drone’s fire power. He saw Lucy had equipped it with an imploder bomb. Lee hit the button and dropped the bomb. He watched as it dropped on the vehicle and implode. Everything close to it was sucked into nothing. The commander threw his hat on the ground and shook his fist. He pointed to his men to shoot at the sky. Lee brought the drone inside the barrier where it would be protected. He laughed as they shot at nothing. 
“What’s going on?” He swung his chair around and looked at Lucy. 
“Our friends had created a new weapon. I used the drone’s imploder bomb to destroy it. The other weapons didn’t stop it.” Lucy stepped forward and rewound the video. She stood back to watch it. 
“They are getting smarter, maybe they do have some of my father’s tech. Guess we’ll have to upgrade a bit.” Lee moved so she could sit down. 
“We’ll just put the drones firing system on a rotating band. That way their weapons won’t be able to deter the blasts.” Lee watched her work her magic. It was so sexy knowing how smart she was. When she was finished, she pulled up some plans. 
“I found these last night. What do you think? They look to be the smaller versions of the protector.” Lee looked over the plans. 
“Can we build them?” Lucy shook her head. “No, but they can!” she pointed at the arms. 
“Then what are you waiting for?” Lucy started the production. The arms started to build the androids. She turned to Lee, and handed him another bomb. 
“The drone is out front. Take this and reload it.” She stood and kissed him. Then sat back down at the computers. 
“I’ll dig into dad’s research and see if I can find out anything about these people. Who knows maybe I’ll find something else. Lee nodded, and left.
Lee stopped to adjust his eyes as he bent over the drone. He looked at the men. He saw them trying to see what he was doing. He hit the cloak and picked up the drone. He smiled at them and stepped inside out of their view. He sat the drone down and released the cloak button. It became visible again. He put the bomb in the drone’s bay and hit the cloak button again. He sat it outside and headed to the control room. Lucy was reading through some notes. Lee looked at the pictures. 
“That looks like the guy outside.” Lucy nodded. 
“I believe it is. Dad’s notes say he’s a weapons dealer. He approached my father after finding out about his contract with the government. He’s not military he’s a monster.” Lee sat down and read through the notes. He read the things the government had on file, and what this guy was responsible for. Lee leaned back in his chair. 
“He’s a monster. He doesn’t want my father’s work to protect anyone. He wants this tech to control people, to put himself in power. We have to stop him.” Lee grabbed her hand. 
“Don’t you think this is something we all need to discuss? Print that off. We’ll let him know that we have this information. Then we will give him the option to leave.  If they continue attacking us, we will use force.” Lucy stood up, and kissed him. 
“We will do it your way, but you’re making a mistake. He’s not going to listen to us, and he’s not going anywhere. We have to take the fight to him.” Lucy took him by the hand and led him through the cellar. She locked the front door and turned to the tunnel. 
“It must be lunch time, I’m starved.” Lee followed her back to the house. They climbed the stairs and entered the kitchen. Lucy sat at the table talking to Darla and Ruth. Lee walked out onto the porch where his father was standing. Jim looked over at his son. 
“Well, for once I didn’t have to come and hunt you down for lunch, tired already?” Lee laughed. “Not quite old man. We started early today.” Jim laughed. 
 “Lucy found some startling information about that guy out there. She’s going to tell everyone at lunch.” Lee turned and went back into the house. As soon as he entered the kitchen Michael jumped him. “Go u.” he laughed. Lee picked him up. “I mized you!” 
“I missed you too, little man!” He kissed Lee on the cheek. “Down!” Lee sat him down and he ran off. Everyone was already sitting at the table. Lee sat next to Lucy. Michael came holding out his hands. Lee picked him up and sat him on his lap. Darla placed the food on the table. When she was seated Lucy told everyone what she had found. Everyone sat quietly. 
“So, do we just kill them?” Lucy looked at Darla and shrugged. 
“I told Lee he’s not going away. He’s thinking the same way my uncle did. Now he’s out there guiding this man. Who knows what they have planned next. Lee used an imploder bomb to stop one of their weapons from bombarding the barrier earlier.” Lucy reached across the table and filled her plate. They all sat and ate. When they had finished eating, Lee looked at Lucy. “I have an idea, but not here.” Lee got up and went down the steps towards the cellar. He heard others following him. 
Lee stepped into the control room and sat down. He turned around and looked at Lucy, his father, and mother. 
“I realized something. Your uncle used some sort of underground boxes to draw in the things. What if we did the same to the army guys? We can use the spider bots to plant the boxes. Then we just have to wait until dark.” Lee watched everyone. Lucy walked up to Lee and kissed him. 
“Not bad at all. Now if I can have my seat, I’ll see if I can program the smaller spider bots to emit the sound we need.” Lee stood up. His father patted him on the shoulder, and his mom kissed him on the cheek. 
“I better get back to the house. I don’t like leaving Ruth alone with the kids for long.” He watched as his mother and father disappeared down the tunnel.  Lee watched Lucy for a while. He looked over to see half of the android already done. 
“I think I can do it.” Lucy took out four of the smaller spider bots. She laid the small beads on the desk. She took out her tablet, and all four transformed into the normal bot. Lucy pressed some buttons. 
“I think that will do it. We’ll get your dad to listen, and see if it’s the same frequency.” 
Lee led Jim through the tunnel to the control room. Lucy was working on the completed android. She turned to Jim, picked up the bot and handed it to him. 
“I don’t hear anything.” Lucy got her tablet, and immediately Jim almost dropped the bot. 
“That’s it!” he handed the bot back to her. 
“Do you think it will work?” “I don’t know, but maybe just maybe it will get rid of them for a while.” Jim walked over and looked at the android. 
“What can this do?” Lucy stood up. “Not much at the moment. Dad’s programming is uploading to its memory core. I’m hoping it will be functional tonight.” He gave Lucy a kiss on the cheek and left. Lucy sat back. 
“Well, we had better get this plan started.” Lee watched as the spider bots crawled up through the pipe. He saw the cameras come alive. Lucy pointed at the four points on the screen. 
“That’s where they will bury themselves. It’s a nice big space, but not big enough to allow the men room to move. The things should fill the area in no time, and when they do, let’s hope they take off.”
Lee watched as the bots scattered. He saw the men’s feet, and watched as the cameras went dark. 
“All buried, now to wait awhile before I activate the sound.” She looked at the android. 
 “If dad’s programming actually works. These things could be a big help. Number two should be done in the morning. It could give us some extra fire power if we need it.” Lucy walked over to Lee. 
“You know we have some time to kill?” She leaned in and kissed him. Lee looked at the clock. “It’s only been a few hours?” She shrugged her shoulders. “So?” Lee grabbed her and pulled her close. He picked her up, and took her to the bunker.
Lee’s watch woke him up at exactly 5:30 p.m. He sat up and shook Lucy. 
“It’s time to get up.” She opened her eyes and sat up. She looked at the clock on the wall. She threw back the covers and got dressed. They went back to the control room. Lucy sat down and started emitting the sound. They watched the screen. Lucy tested the android while they waited. It did the basic things she expected. Lee watched her. Then on the screen he started to see gunfire. “Look!” she turned around. 
“It’s started.” She sat and watched as the things lined up at the men’s camp. Soon the things were more than they could take out. 
“I think they are leaving.” She was right. The men jumped into their vehicles and took off over the ridge. She stood up and kissed Lee. 
“Is it dinner time?” Lee laughed at her. She turned off the emitters, and took Lee by the hand. 
“Let’s go!” Lee turned off all the lights and secured the doors. Lucy held onto her tablet. 
In the house, they smelled the food before they even got to the kitchen. Lucy sat in her normal spot. Lee joined his father on the porch. 
“So it worked?” Lee nodded. “At least for now. I’m sure they will be back.” Lee followed his father inside. They closed the door and all of them laughed and enjoyed their dinner. Lee looked at Lucy. For the first time, they had no worries.
Chapter Twenty-Three
Lee woke up early. He had slept so soundly. He looked at Lucy. He marveled at her beauty. He thought about the previous day and the men, but he still couldn’t frown. Because right next to him was his wife.  He smiled wider. His wife, and above everything she was carrying his child. That made him love her even more. Lee threw back the covers, and pulled on his pants and shoes. He could smell the coffee brewing downstairs. He went into the bathroom, and washed off his face and brushed his teeth. He stopped and looked at Lucy again.  He would let her sleep as long as she wanted.
Lee went downstairs. His parents were already in the kitchen. His father was sitting in his usual place with a cup of coffee. Darla turned around and looked at him, then poured him a cup. She placed it in front of him. Lee looked at his father. He just shook his head, and held his finger to his mouth. Lee shrugged it off. 
“Have you made your rounds yet?” His father shook his head no. Lee pushed out the chair, and went outside. This morning they had a light snow on. His father walked up beside him, slipping on his coat. 
“First snow of the year. I can’t believe Christmas is in two days.” Lee looked at his father. “I’ve been so busy with everything. I’ve completely forgotten about it. What are we going to do?” Jim turned and went down the steps into the yard. Lee followed him. 
“You know son, Christmas isn’t all about the gifts, but about family. We have much to be thankful for.” They walked over where the men were camped. They saw several dead things laying there along with a couple of the army guys. 
“Your wife never seizes to amaze me.” He turned and looked at his son. “This time it wasn’t your wife that saved us. It was you.” Jim turned and hugged him. 
“I’m so proud of the man you’ve become.” They continued to walk around the barrier. They stopped and looked at the blown RV. “I still can’t believe they got to Jack.” Jim shook his head. Lee thought about Liz. 
“It must be pretty bad out there. I’m sure if the right promises were made one would do anything.” 
“Come, I want to show you what they did to the other farm.” Lee led his father into the cellar. He sat down at the control panel and brought up the other farm. Jim gasped as he looked at the still smoldering farm. 
“If they can do that there, why didn’t they do it here?” Lee turned around. “Because of Lucy. She did something to our barrier. Just as she did when her uncle tried to evade us.” He turned back to the monitors. Lee stopped and zoomed in. “Look!” Lee pointed to some spots on the screen. His father gasped. 
“They are waiting. They just backed off.” Lee pushed the chair out and stood up. Jim grabbed his son by the arm. 
“Just calm down. It will be ok.” Lee sat back. He shook his head. Lee looked at the screen. This worried him. 
“Just keep your head. We chased them away once, and we’ll do it again.” Jim turned and walked out of the control room. He heard the tunnel door open, and close. Lee leaned back on the chair, and watched the men. He couldn’t make out what they were doing, but it looked like they were building something. Lee felt hands on his back. 
“What’s wrong?” Lee pointed at the screen. Lucy looked closely. 
“They didn’t learn anything did they?” Lucy walked over and unhooked the new android. She hooked it up to the computer, and started the programming. 
“We’ll be ok. I have some ideas. We’ll be ready when they come back.” Lee stood up and kissed her. He rubbed her belly. She took a seat and started the download. 
“What can these things do?” Lucy grinned. 
“They can do everything we tell them to.” She picked up her tablet and punched some buttons. Lee watched as the droid went out into the cellar and began to run. It turned around and stood in front of him saluting. Then it disappeared. 
“It can cloak too?” Lucy nodded. Then he watched as it reappeared, and its hand became huge guns. Missile launchers popped out of its shoulders. Lee thought about the movies he had watched. This was like living in one of those shows. Lee turned to Lucy. 
“What about the Protector?” Lucy sat down. “If I activate it, we won’t be able to use it again, but if it comes to that, we will use it.” Lucy walked over and picked up several more of the spider bot balls. 
“I was thinking we could bury these around the barrier, it would give us another layer of protection, those men would have to get through. With the help of the bigger spiders the barrier will hold.” She laid the spider bots on the desk. 
“I’m going to make more bots in a while, maybe another drone. There’re many plans in here for guns too, and shielding for the house. If we have time, I think I can follow dad’s plans, and do what he set out to do.” Lee kissed her on her forehead. 
“If anyone can do it, it’s you.” He turned and went out into the cellar. He looked across the hall to the bunker. He walked over to it, and looked around. It wasn’t a big place, but it wasn’t bad either. He walked back to Lucy. 
“I’ve got an idea.” She turned and looked at him. 
“And what’s that?” He knelt down and looked into her eyes. 
“Since we lost the RV, I’ve been thinking it could be nice if we got out of the house for a while. Maybe stay in the bunker?” Lucy looked at him for a few moments, she then wrapped her arms around his neck. “I’d love that!” She kissed him. 
“What would your mom think about that?” Lee shrugged his shoulders. “You are my wife. I think they would be happy to get us out of the house now.” Lucy didn’t know what to say. “We’ll see!” She smiled. 
“Ok, I’m going back to the house for a while. If you need anything let me know.” She nodded. 
Lee saw his father on the front porch. He could hear Michael screaming from inside. 
“What’s going on?” Jim shrugged. 
“Who knows, he’s been doing that for more than twenty minutes.” Lee walked into the house, his mom was holding Michael. He yelled over and over. Lee walked over and pulled out a chair. Michael reached for him. Lee took him. 
“What’s wrong little man?” Michael curled up on Lee’s lap and covered his face. 
“He’s been crying like that for a while. I don’t know what’s going on.” Lee patted Michael on the back. Soon Michael was sucking his thumb and snoring. Lee got up and walked into the living room. He laid him on the couch and covered him up. He walked back to the kitchen. 
“That boy really likes you!” Lee sat down. “I like the little fella too.” Darla poured him another cup of coffee and slid it in front of him. He looked at his mother. 
“I’ve talked to Lucy about moving into the bunker.” His mom didn’t say anything right away. She walked over to him and put her hand on his arm. 
“That sounds good. I hope you two will be happy.” Lee looked up at his mom. “I am happy. I love Lucy very much.” She bent and kissed him on his cheek. 
“You better not go far. That little boy in there, needs a father.” Lee smiled at her. “I’d love nothing more, that to be his father.” Lee looked over at the door, as Lucy came in. 
“We have a problem.” Lee got up and followed her back to the cellar. Lucy pointed at the screens. 
“They’ve built a missile launcher. I can’t tell what kind of missiles they have, but it could mean trouble for us.” Lee looked at the screen. 
“Can you send the drone to get better pics?” She nodded and flipped through the video footage. Lee saw a drone already on the way. 
“Will those missiles disrupt the barrier?” Lucy shook her head. “No, but they could cause it to get very hot in here. The barrier will use more power, which would cause more heating. We’d have to bunker down in here.” 
Finally, the drone flew over the group. Lucy zoomed in on the missiles. Lucy shook her head. “Those are worthless, where is he getting all this old stuff?” Lee looked at the markings on the outside. 
 “Isn’t that the logo for the airstrip in the next county?” Lucy looked closer. 
“I think you’re right.” Lee watched as a small bead dropped from the drone. A new camera appeared on the screen. He watched as the bot climbed up the missile tube and down inside. Things got dark for a few minutes. Then he saw a light appear. Lucy looked back at him. 
“Pretty cool, huh?” Lee smiled at her. He watched as the bot climbed up into the engine. Then it began to chew. He saw it eat into the metal. 
“Let’s see how prepared they are to deal with a blast themselves.”  The bot chewed and chewed. Lee looked up at the other camera from the drone. 
“It looks like they are getting close to launching.” Lucy looked up at the other camera. The light went out, and he saw the bot climb out of the tube and fall to the grass. It scattered up under a vehicle and sat there. 
“Men, in a few minutes we will launch a full attack on the farm. That technology will be ours, and after we get it, nothing will stop us.” Lucy sat back in her chair and snickered. “Such, a fool!” They watched as the men all took steps away from the launch. The guy hit the button, but the missile didn’t launch. Lucy laughed as the guy pressed the button over and over. 
“Misfire, RUN for cover!” The men scattered in every direction. Moments later there was a bright light as the missile exploded. Lee saw the vehicles in ruins and exploded one after the other. Men lay on the ground covered in blood. They watched the screens and saw several men grouped together. The general shook his head. He turned to one of his guys. 
“What happened?” The soldier shook his head. “I don’t know, everything was ready to go.” The general walked up to him and punched him in the face. “Apparently, you missed something!” The guy stayed on the ground. 
Lee and Lucy watched the camera. The men tore into missile tube. The guy held up the engine. 
“Something ate into the metal, it’s sabotage.” The general took the piece of metal. He then looked around. 
“Scatter out, we’re not alone!” They watched as the men began turning over everything looking for what could have eaten into the engine. Lee saw the bot move further into the wheel. The men walked right passed it. The general stood looking out over the land. He then looked up. 
“Men, come here.” They watched as all the men huddled. The bot was too far away to hear what was being said. They watched as the men scattered, and start to fire at the sky. Before Lucy could get the drone out of the way, it was hit, and started toward the ground. The general smiled wide. She moved the bot back out so she could hear. 
“Ah, some of the tech we seek.” Lee watched as the drone hit the ground. 
“You two go and get it.” They watched as the two men bent down and picked up the drone. They carried it back and laid it at the general’s feet. 
“Hiding right under our noses. Wonder how the little girl feels now?” Lee watched Lucy’s face turn red. She bent down to the mic. 
“This little girl is just fine. There’s more where that came from.” She laughed. She watched as they all jumped back. Lucy pushed some buttons, and Lee saw lights flashing on the video stream. 
She bent over the mic and started counting down. “5, 4, 3, 2, 1…bye bye now!” She pushed a button and the drone exploded. Lee saw men blown back. Then the imploder bomb went off. The general held on tight to the vehicle. He saw his men drawn into the blast. A moment later everything within a ten-foot distance was gone. Lucy sat back in her chair. She was proud of herself. Lee looked at the hole the blast had left. She turned to Lee. 
“No one messes with me and my family, or my dad’s tech.” She stood up to unhook the droid. After a few moments, they both came to life. She stood before them. 
“Guard the boundary, and protect us.” The droids saluted her and were off. She turned to Lee. “The shielding for the house is almost done. What do you say we go to the bunker?” 
Lee woke to more blasts. It seemed these days, that was the only thing happening. He jumped up, and shook Lucy. She opened her eyes and smiled at him. 
“Something is happening!” She sat up and listened. Lee jumped up and pulled on his clothes. He ran over to the control room. He looked at the screen. The droids were firing at a tank coming their way. Lucy came up behind him. She snickered at the sight. 
“This guy is so stupid.” She sat down. Lee watched as the last two drones took off. The droid fired shot after shot. Lucy spoke into the microphone. 
“Use all fire power!” Lee watched as missiles streamed from the droids. They hit the tank with a loud bang, but the tanks kept coming. Lucy watched in amazement as the tank came closer and closer. Finally, Lucy dropped several bombs from the drone. The blast almost flattened the tank. Lucy looked at the camera. She saw more coming up the road. She brought the drones back to the barrier after one was almost shot down. Lucy started pressing buttons. Lee saw all the spider bots had stopped eating, and started on their way back.
Lucy and the androids fought for the next hour. They had destroyed three tanks, but more kept coming. Lee finally saw the spider bots come onto the farm and head for the tanks. He watched as they split up, and start to eat them. One by one the tanks stopped. Lucy sat back and watched, as the spiders ate. She turned to Lee. 
“There’s more than one way to solve a problem.” She pointed at the screen. Lee saw the massive amounts of energy that was coming from the spiders. “We will have to thank the general for the energy boost. He must be raiding that air base. What’s next?” Lee shook his head. 
 “I didn’t think they had this much equipment. Maybe they are getting it from somewhere else?” Lucy pulled up a map, and looked at the nearby army bases. Like Lee thought, there was only one base in the next county. She turned to Lee. “Maybe this stuff was brought in to help the people, and this guy attacked?” Lee shrugged. 
“I guess it’s possible.” Lucy watched as the tanks were turned to twisted metal. The spiders gorged themselves. Lucy used the drones to keep the men back. The droids fired as well. 
Soon the general backed off. He stood on top of a huge truck watching his tanks being eaten. Lucy saw him look up at the sky many times. He shook his fist at her too. She came close several times to shoot him. If only she didn’t promise to not kill them without purpose. These little attacks were getting boring. Lucy turned to the side, and removed another shield device. Two more and they would have enough to protect the house. Lucy turned to see Lee entering the room. 
“Where have you been?” Lee looked at the screens. 
“I was explaining to everyone what was going on. What’s he doing?” Lucy looked up at the general. 
“He’s been looking around shaking his fist at the sky.” 
“Well, mom said to tell you lunch is ready!” Lee watched her punch some buttons, and then stand up. 
“Can we stroll close to the barrier so I can skip along and wave at him?” Lee shook his head. “I know he’s called you names, but don’t you think we should try not to entice them?” Lucy let go of his hand. 
 “They brought war to us. It’s not like I started this. I can get rid of them in one snap of my finger, but I promised you and your family I wouldn’t. This is war Lee, and if we want to survive we need to make tough decisions. If that means KILLING, then we must be ready to make that decision. Most importantly, we must be ready to live with that!” She started walking away, but he grabbed her by the arm and pulled him to her. He kissed her. “Don’t leave mad!” She stepped back. 
“I’m not mad. I’m just trying to protect this family.” She took Lee by the hand. “Let’s go eat!”
Back in the house, Lee and Lucy joined the family for lunch. Michael sat on Lee’s lap. When they were done. Lucy began to talk. 
“I know I promised to not harm the people out there, but they are stepping up their attacks. It took massive energy reserves for the drone to take out two tanks. I had to call in the spider bots to take them out. I don’t know where this guy is getting his machines, but it might be imperative we just get kill them. He’s not going to back off. So far this morning I’ve destroyed a missile launch, and six tanks. We have to be prepared to do what’s necessary to protect ourselves. I know it’s not easy to kill someone, but if it means that it will protect you guys, and our baby.” Lucy sniffled. “I will make the decision myself.” Everyone stared. Lucy looked at them all, but they didn’t say a word. 
Lucy sat at the control panel watching the videos. The tanks were just a memory. The spider bots had made a quick meal of them. The android bots stood guard over them as they devoured the metal. The general had backed off for now, but she knew they weren’t done. She had met many men who came and offered her father a job. Most he immediately turned down. He didn’t want his tech in the hands of anyone that would do harm to the people. He wanted his tech used to protect everyone, and used for good. Lucy watched the camera from the tiny bot she had stowed away on the general’s jeep. It no longer broadcast audio, but she had a good picture. She watched as he waved his hands to his men. He was evil, and Lucy would like nothing more than to end him. She watched as his men brought in army trunks and piled them in front of the general. Lucy zoomed in and looked up the numbers in her dad’s database. She read, and read. Finally, she sat back. She buried her face in her hands and shook her head. She copied all the information and headed for the house.
As she approached the house, she heard a loud conversation. She stopped to listen. She shook her head again. She held the information up. She didn’t know if she could face them after listening to them talk. She looked up and asked her father for the courage. She stormed into the house. Everyone became quiet suddenly. Lucy went into the living room and inserted a DVD. 
“Watch closely, because I just watched the general with not one, but five boxes of these.” Everyone gathered to watch the video. The videos of actual arm tests came on. She saw Darla, and Ruth cover their mouths. When the video was over, she stood facing them. 
“That’s what’s coming for us next. I’m not sure the barrier will take a blast like that. The core of those bombs are almost exactly as what’s used to give us power. The blast could possibly disrupt the barrier making us vulnerable. We have to hit them now before they come for us.” Lucy turned and walked out of the room. She didn’t know what to do. She knew what the right thing to do was, but she wanted her families support. She knew Lee was at odds with his feeling about killing. She didn’t want to force him to do anything, but she would do whatever it took to protect her family. She rubbed her belly, and the thought of her losing it now made her even angrier. She stormed back into the cellar and went to the control room. She sat preparing for war. She grabbed the shielding for the house. She picked up the smaller drone, and went back outside. Lee met her halfway across the yard. “What are you doing?” She laid the drone down and attached the shielding device to it. Lee took her hand. “What is that?” She looked him in the eyes. 
“Are you really going to stand against me?” she rubbed her belly. 
“We have to protect our baby, and our family. If they can’t make the difficult decisions, then we have to do it.” She held out the shielding box. 
“These are the shielding devices dad created for the house. I have all of them ready to be installed. I can’t do all of this by myself. I need you to do this while I get the androids and everything else ready for war!” Lee took the boxes and drone from her. She handed him the tablet and a piece of paper. 
“Just do as the paper says.” She turned and ran back to the cellar. Lee turned around to see his father and mother standing on the porch. 
 “You both know she’s right don’t you? If we don’t stop them before they attack us with those bombs our family might not survive. Is that what you want?” They both stood there looking at him. Darla laid her head on Jims shoulder. 
“Tell her to do what’s necessary!” Darla went back into the house, Jim joined Lee. 
“What are these for?” Lee explained the plans Lucy showed him, and how they would help protect the house. Jim read the directions to help Lee start installing the boxes.
In the cellar Lucy updated the drones, androids, and spider bots to attack mode. She knew none of them would be able to stop the bomb, but she would fight with everything she had. 
“Are you ok?” Lucy didn’t turn around. She heard Darla’s footsteps come closer. 
“You don’t have to look at me, but I want you to know we are all sorry for the way we acted, and any of the things you might have heard. I want to thank you for putting us in our places and for protecting us.” She heard the scuffling of feet and turned to see Darla had left. She stood up and went after her. 
“Hey!” Darla stopped and turned around. Lucy ran up to her and hugged her 
“Thank you!” Lucy didn’t say anything else but turned and went back to the control room. Lucy sat and started programming the new drone. She had started building it earlier after the drone was destroyed. Lucy looked up at the video. She watched as the men unpacked the bombs. She had to hurry and attack while they still could. She looked around for the general, but he was nowhere to be seen. She gave the programming her full attention. She had to be precise. The new gun mode she programmed on the drones should have a better effect on the vehicles. She went ahead and added the code to the androids too. She wouldn’t spare any of them.
Outside the house, Lee and his father just finished installing the new shielding boxes. 
“I’ll see you in a while. I’m going to let Lucy know we are done.” Lee turned and walked towards the cellar. He found Lucy still at the computer typing. She turned and looked at him. 
“Are they installed?” He nodded. 
“Let’s see if they work.” She picked up her tablet, and headed for the front door. They stood back while Lucy activated the shielding. They watched as a dark shield covered the entire house. They saw everyone come to the porch trying to walk off. 
“Nothing goes in, and nothing goes out.” She deactivated it, and headed back to the cellar. Jim came over to Lee. 
“She never stops amazing me.” He turned and went back into the house. Lee went back to the cellar. Lucy sat working. He sat and watched her work. She turned around and looked at him. 
“I think we’re ready.” She turned back around. Lee watched as the drones dropped down to pick up the androids, and the spider bots crawled upon the third. They took off and raised up into the air. Their small army of machines. Lee watched as they disappeared.
An hour later the building came into view. Lucy flew close to the ground and let loose of the droids. They cloaked themselves and headed in the direction of the building. He saw the spider bots climb off the drones and sneak up to the building. He then watched as the droids opened fire. The front door blasted open. He saw men run for cover. The drones burst through the top windows and dropped bomb after bomb. He saw the imploder bombs suck everything into nothing. Lee closed his eyes, and said a small prayer for all the men. When he opened his eyes the building was totally engulfed in flames. The droids and spider bots all stood outside. Then a bright light filled the screen. All the cameras showed nothing. Lucy looked at Lee. 
“That’s the bombs exploding.” She turned back to the screen. Little by little the burning building came into view. The drones dropped down and picked up the droids. The third landed so the spider bots could climb aboard. As they rose into the air, Lucy stood up. She saw the general waving at her. 
“We missed him!” She sat back, and dropped the droids. Lee watched as they ran to the general. They fired and fired at him. The vehicle speed off. Lee saw several men fall out of the back.  The drones chased after him. She fired and fired trying to blow out one of the tires.  
Finally, she saw the truck veer off the road. She turned the drone over and dropped the spider bots. They landed on the truck, and Lee watched as they began to eat. Lucy started them, emitting the sound to attract the things. Soon, Lee saw a group converged on the truck. Then Lucy squinted as she saw the general standing outside with a launcher. He smiled up at the drone, and launched the bomb. 
“She turned around and grabbed Lee by the hand. They ran out of the door. Lucy turned and shut the cellar. She turned and ran to the house. She looked back and saw the bomb approaching and they were knocked off their feet and blown forward face down. She turned and shielded her eyes from the blast. She tried to stand up, but couldn’t. 
Then all around them, the barrier fell like melted plastic. Lee picked her up and ran to the house. They fell to the porch floor, and Lucy activated the houses shield. She looked out over the farm as piece by piece the barrier fell to the ground. She hit her knees, and used her fists to beat the floor. She screamed and screamed. Lee watched as the trucks appeared up on the ridge, and as others joined it. He grabbed Lucy and pointed. He dragged her inside, before he slammed the door he saw another bomb coming their way. He screamed for everyone to run to the cellar, he watched as his family went down the steps. He heard the other blast, and saw the bright light. It was the last thing he saw as he hit the floor covering Lucy with his body.
THE END
###
