


Born of Water
by Autumn M. Birt

Copyright 2012 Autumn M. Birt

Cover art and maps by Autumn M. Birt

Smashwords Edition


Discover other titles by Autumn M. Birt on Smashwords







Smashwords Edition, License Notes

This eBook is licensed for your personal enjoyment only. This eBook may not be re-sold or given away to other people. If you would like to share this book with another person, please purchase an additional copy for each recipient. If you’re reading this book and did not purchase it, or it was not purchased for you use only, then please visit your favorite e-book retailer and purchase your own copy. Thank you for respecting the hard work of this author.

 



Other books set in the world of Myrrah!

Other books in the Games of Fire Series
Book 1: Spark of Defiance
Book 2: Gates of Fire and Earth
Book 3: A New Goddess

Other books set in the World of Myrrah
Born of Water Novel Companion
Book 1: Born of Water
Book 2: Rule of Fire
Book 3: Spirit of Life

Learn more about the novel, access larger maps of the world, discover Untold Stories, character lists, and find out about upcoming sequels online at AutumnWriting.com and the Rise of the Fifth Order









Dedication

To my parents, whose dreams for me have always been the ladder on which I climbed.
To my husband for never finding odd the many conversations regarding characters which only existed in my head.
With thanks to Kym S. for her friendship, encouragement, and always being willing to read very rough drafts.
And finally to my Dragon. You are no longer by my side, but your light will always guide me.

 

Table of Contents

Map: The Forest of Falin to the Crossing
Map: The Crossing to the Great Desert of Ak'Ashanti
Chapter 1: Failed Duty
Chapter 2: Discoveries
Chapter 3: The Summoning
Chapter 4: Unwilling Companions
Chapter 5: Hunted
Chapter 6: Running
Chapter 7: The Bazaar of Sardinia
Chapter 8: Ty’s Return
Chapter 9: Sardinia’s Shadows
Chapter 10: Poisoned Water
Chapter 11: Delayed Homecoming
Chapter 12: The Curse
Chapter 13: Assessing the Damage
Chapter 14: The Run North
Chapter 15: The Kith
Chapter 16: Lus na Sithchaine
Chapter 17: Darag’s Promise
Chapter 18: Ty’s Island
Chapter 19: Lessons
Chapter 20: Remnants of the War
Chapter 21: Complications
Chapter 22: Choices
Chapter 23: Decisions
Chapter 24: The Dance
Chapter 25: Partings
Chapter 26: The Southern Crossing
Chapter 27: The Southern Shore
Chapter 28: After Effects
Chapter 29: The Temple of Ice
Chapter 30: The Temple of Dust
Chapter 31: Fire and Water
Chapter 32: Found
Chapter 33: Reunion
Chapter 34: Order of Life
Chapter 35: Lesson of Fire
Chapter 36: The Marsh of Isha
Chapter 37: The Bay of Tiak
Chapter 38: The River Dhazoh
Chapter 39: The Temple of Winds
Chapter 40: Fighting the Curse
Chapter 41: Afterward
Rule of Fire
About the Author



 
Map: Forest of Falin to the Crossing




Map: The Crossing to the Great Desert of Ak'Ashanti






Chapter 1
FAILED DUTY

The guards had not seen her. Yet, Niri’s back twitched under watchful eyes as she moved awkwardly through the throng-filled street. The summer solstice festival was rising to its height as the sun slowly dipped toward the Sea of Sarketh to the west. Niri was running out of time.
Frustration as much as fear stalled her already labored breathing. Sweat from the warm afternoon slid down between her breasts, soaking the white priestess robes she wore hidden underneath a plain gray traveler’s cloak. The heavy braid of her dark brown hair felt like a full sack against her damp back.
“Out of the way, girl!”
Niri dodged the team of four mammoth birds harnessed to a delicate chariot out of instinct. No one had called her merely a girl since she was nine. At her age of twenty-three, girl was a term used for disdain. Anger froze her feet. The jeweled and gilded wings of the birds brushed her face as they passed, she had stopped so close. 
As the carriage rolled by, only the clothing of the occupant kept Niri from betraying that she was a Priestess from the Church of Four Orders and demanding an apology. The golden sun mask worn by a tall youth filled her vision, its appearance a mocking telltale of her failed duty at the day’s summit. 
“May the blessings of the sun shine on you!”
Niri backed away from his innocent mockery. He didn't know, couldn't know, who she was or what she had failed to do and now must set right. But the reminder of what had led her to sneak out of the public complex brought a cold end to her heated frustration. Niri stumbled against the warm stucco wall of the nearest building. The archway of a recessed doorway offered a shadowed reprieve from the crowded street.
She could go back.
The thought offered a momentary comfort. It would be a relief to abandon her hasty search. But Niri knew that if she returned to the Temple of Solaire without the girl she’d seen at the noon ceremony, the price would be paid in her skin and blood. It was far better to sneak out into the streets of the solstice festival and hope to find the girl, or at least a name, something to take back to atone for her lack of attention and failure. No matter how impossible the task seemed.
One moment of indecision as she’d watched the golden-haired girl laugh with a dark-headed friend had been all it had taken to undo the order of Niri's life. Potential had danced like a halo around the girl. Niri had no doubt that the girl - no, young woman, for surely she was near sixteen - was an Elemental like herself. The girl was meant for a life serving the Church of Four Orders as Niri did. But the girl had laughed in carefree gaiety. Niri didn't want to be the one who took that away.
Attention lost to that fleeting wish and the ceremony had paused, waiting for her. She'd missed her cue. Panicked, Niri had jumped forward, speaking the blessing for good fishing, few storms, and rain for the orchards. It was not until halfway through that Niri had realized what she’d done. She'd forgotten the girl. The time to proclaim the young woman as having been chosen by the Goddess to serve in the Temple of Solaire had passed. As simply as that, Niri’s world unraveled. 
She had only ever heard of one other Priestess who had failed in her duty. Her screams had echoed through the Temple for days and rung now in Niri’s ears. The Priestess who had come back to the Temple defiant that the boy-child could wait another year had never left the Temple again and walked slowly ever after, bent over like the aged as she tried to hide the scars on her face. The only kindness had been deafness so that she could not hear the lessons in duty given to initiates whenever the scarred Priestess shuffled past.
Niri fidgeted with the hem of her cloak. There was no other alternative. She had to find the girl. Niri closed her eyes, seeking focus and calm as she'd learned when an initiate.
Instead, the noise of the street fair surfaced an older memory. 
“Green with gold for Odias and his House of vine keepers, and the lavender-blue is Myath, who is from a sailing House," her father once told her, pointing out the different Houses by the colors and symbols on gowns and flags. 
For a moment she was once again the young daughter of a city official, in a time before the Church had claimed her and taken her away from her family. The voice of her father faded, but not the lesson. The disorderly swirl of gowns of the fair goers represented House colors and professions. 
Niri searched her memory of the girl, finding hope at last. The girl had the pale skin common of the people along the northern Sea of Sarketh, sunshine-gold hair, and a plain olivine dress belted at a slim waist and tied at the shoulders. It told her little. This girl with potential that glowed in Niri’s eyes like an aurora was most likely from the farmland beyond the city. But the dark-haired friend who had shared a whispered laugh while the elders read the litany of the year, she had worn a satin dress of indigo blue with gold trim. She was from a sailing House, assuredly. She would live in Mirocyne.
As if the realization summoned the reality, a jolt of deepest blue flashing between fairgoers caught Niri’s eye. She dove into the crowd of people, chasing after the small page who scampered among market stalls and musicians like an air sprite. The sight of his cuff adorned with the same interlocking gold crenellations the girl’s friend had worn quickened Niri’s heart.
The pursuit took Niri further away from the heart of the city. The main piazza, the public complex housing the government buildings, and the wealthiest homes crowned a red cliff that towered over Mirocyne’s harbor. Lesser houses and businesses tumbled from the height toward the wharves, mostly along the steep main road. Red-tiled roofs mimicked the color of the arid soil, while the creamy stucco of the buildings defied the heat of the sun. The page’s path took him down a boulevard that, although stately, was not as wide as those nearest the public complex. The edge of the cliff was not so far away and the lowering sun cast slanted shadows across the street. 
There was not much time left to find the girl. The festival would end at sunset on this, the longest day. Patrons would return to their homes to sleep off excesses during the short coolness of the night. Already the muted gray of Niri's cloak blended with the shadows.
Haste had narrowed Niri’s vision to only the indigo shirt of the page weaving before her. Now, her glance found another splash of blue, then another. Niri stopped. Around her, suspended from balconies and worn on every person, were the blues and golds of a sailing House of moderate standing. Niri had found the family she was seeking. Now she just needed to find the girl.
Niri slipped along the edge of the thinning crowd scattered across the boulevard. The faces bore a familial resemblance to the girl’s friend: pale skin, blue eyes, dark hair. 
They had to be there.
It took a few tense minutes more before Niri saw golden curls amidst the dark. The two girls stood together near the opening of a private courtyard, speaking to a dark-haired young man wearing the same deep blue tunic with gold trim as the page and dark-haired girl. Both young women seemed enchanted by the story he was telling. The cream-colored sailor’s pants he wore were a shade lighter than his skin. Which didn't make sense.
The young man was of an age to have begun his profession, easily older than sixteen. Niri guessed he was closer to twenty. From the looks of the tunic and House, he was by all rights a young sailor. But his hands were smooth, not roughened from hauling ropes and hoisting sails. His skin was pale, not tanned from sun and salt. Long nimble fingers wrapped around a fine goblet, while keen eyes kept watch over his two companions. 
A puzzle lay before her: a girl whose potential shone like a star, a young man who was not what he presented himself to be, and the dark-haired girl between the two. Elemental potential, Niri was trained to handle. But while the young man stood close, Niri hesitated to approach the young women. 
The young man’s gaze scarcely left the face of the girl Niri sought. Cheeks flushed with wine below mirth-filled olive green eyes and flame-gold hair tousled by the wind, her beauty evoked summer fields brought to life. The dark-haired girl earned an occasional similarly devoted, but more protective glance, as the trio shared a private joke. 
Niri considered asking someone on the street for a name of the House or the girl, something to take back to the Church so the young woman could be located again, but the boy leaned forward and took the two goblets from the girls’ hands. As his back turned, Niri darted across the street, to finger the wares of a silk merchant. She shifted to stand as close to the two young women as she dared.
“Do you want to head in soon? We can dip our feet in the courtyard fountain.” 
The dark-haired girl’s voice resonated like a well-tuned violin. She hovered at the entrance to the courtyard like a moth caught between the light of her friend and the safety of her family.
The other girl shook her head, the motion exaggerated by her humid curls as they brushed across bare shoulders. “I’m just too excited. Grandmother Sanoo had been so sure that I would be taken today. I’m just so thrilled it is over!” She reached out and grabbed her friend’s forearm. 
“Go for a walk with me? I’ll never settle down if we go in now,” she pleaded, her voice dancing higher like a rising flute. She pulled her friend away from the security of the courtyard and into the emptying street.
“I don’t know. The festival is over. It will be true dark soon.” The House girl, obviously reluctant, was torn between her friend’s desires and the threat of darkness in the city.
Searching for something that would win her friend’s agreement, the girl with golden hair found the young man returning with freshly filled cups. “Your brother will go with us, Lavinia. Won’t you, Ty?”
Ty handed off the cups nonchalantly, nonplussed by the commotion between the two young women. “That is the last for the night, I’m afraid. Everyone is closing up. Now, what is it you are trying to get me into, Ria?” His deep alto was laced with warm amusement.
“She wants you to go for a walk with us. Ria says she is too giddy to be cooped up in the house with all the guests.” Lavinia said, no longer resisting the idea once her brother had reappeared. She calmly sipped her last goblet of wine, hardly looking like she was bothered by the idea of a night walk at all.
“Well, a bit of a walk it is, then!” Ty declared, stepping between the two women and giving them each a push forward. His hands lingered on Ria’s shoulders. Both girls giggled and skipped ahead, carefree as windblown seeds. Ty laughed as he stretched his long legs to keep up, the three looking like nothing more than childhood friends not yet ready to be adults.
Niri held back, no longer pretending to be interested in the silk. She had all she needed, really: the girl’s name, her friend’s, the House, and location. But Ria’s words stirred something within Niri. Someone knew that Ria had potential. Someone had known the Church would notice her. Such a thing was most uncommon; Niri had never heard of such foreknowledge outside the Temple's walls before.
Niri took in the emptying streets, now more filled with shadow than sun. The evening air was cooler and brought with it the smells of the orange and almond orchards outside the city. Trellised flowers encasing colonnades and railings opened their buds into the kinder air. Not a single person around her wore the robes of a Priest or Priestess. 
Niri’s heart quickened so that she could feel her pulse beating all the way to her wrists. She had not been alone, unchaperoned or without watchful eyes, since she had been nine. The idea of finding a way to speak to the girl was a thin covering for a sudden desire to walk just a little further without the Church knowing. Like a tamed demi-dragon who had slipped its leash and cuffs, Niri headed after the three youths.
Her cloak blended with the long shadows as Niri hung back in the nearly deserted streets. The three headed along the boulevard, away from the public quarter and wealthier houses. The direction suited Niri and she followed with a light step despite trying to be stealthy. Gaps between buildings opened to views of the sky and sea as the road hugged the edge of the hill before looping back to drop quickly to the lower city near the docks. A glimpse of the western sky showed just a faint smudge of light holding onto the day.
The sound of feet dancing on stairs which leapt from the main boulevard, down the cliff, and to the lower streets brought Niri over to a narrow alley between the buildings. She had lost sight of the three around the corner of the road, but had not worried that they might choose a route other than the relatively safe street. 
Voices floated up, carried on the sea air, as the sound of footsteps disappeared.
“Come on, Ty! I want to see your boat,” Ria said, her voice overflowing with laughter.
Higher on the stairs replied a reluctant Ty, “It is late, Ria. We should go back. The lower city is no place for unescorted young women.” He was only a few dozen steps below where Niri stood.
“You’d better hurry, then!” Lavinia shouted, voice faint as the fading light. They had to be near the bottom. 
Ty cursed under his breath and started down the steps at a quick pace to catch his sister and her friend.
Reality bit deeper into Niri’s earlier childish joy of freedom. She glanced along the empty street. Darkness oozed from between buildings and from the mouth of every portico, as inescapable as the Church. It wasn’t just the two young women who needed to be worried. Niri was far from the safety of the public complex and barely recognizable as a Priestess from the Order of Water. She itched to touch water, hold water. The power of her blood thrummed through her veins, spurring a need that burned beyond desire. 
Reflexively, she reached out with her mind and sensed immediately the sea beyond, its vastness a calm comfort to her nerves. Pulling in, she could feel the dampness in the air now that the sun had set. Moisture clung in a shimmering wall on the tiles of the street and the stucco of the buildings. The entire city was outlined in Niri’s mind by a thin line of water. 
A wet world was alive around her, a sensation that Niri had never experienced before. Born as a Water Elemental, the Church had taught her to purify water, to bless it, and to call it for crops. But never to see the world, to sense it, like this. Niri realized the legacy of her birthright held far more potential than what she had been told. A little dazed but far less nervous, she slipped between the buildings and started down the stone steps, following the three.





Chapter 2
DISCOVERIES

Ty’s footsteps had nearly reached the bottom of the staircase. Niri hurried down the steps as quickly as she could in the fading light. But there was no sound of the three when she reached the last step located in the depth of the lower city. Niri paused between buildings, her chest heaving as she leaned against the cool, damp stone. She tried to hear over her ragged breaths and pounding heart. 
A lighthearted laugh echoed oddly from her right, sounding like an exotic bird calling suddenly in the night. Niri moved quietly off in the same direction, hoping she would be able to find her way back to the steps and the public complex before dawn. The sense of stolen freedom was gone now, replaced by purpose underlain with worry. Her spate of disobedience needed to end soon.
Niri could sense the sea more than hear it a few blocks to her left, paralleling the street she walked along. Considering that this was the lower part of the city and of less standing than the houses located on the cliff top above, the street was broad and clean. Ahead, it widened out to a small square containing a pool of water held within a low granite wall.  
The pool had no fountains or ornamentation beyond a softening of the worn lip on its stone base, but the import was clear. Water was sacred, feared and loved, this close to the docks and the sea. Through the widened common, Niri saw a flash of darkness against the dull gray stucco of the houses. The word “back” drifted to her before being lost amid the empty sounds of the night. 
The three were heading toward the docks, the girls still wishing to see Ty’s ship. How he explained that he didn't belong to one, as Niri was certain he didn’t, would be an interesting conversation to overhear.
The alleyways leading toward the harbor were narrow and dark and full of sea smells: salt and low tide, seaweed and fish. Niri barely noticed as she shortened the distance between the trio and herself, keeping easily to the shadows now in the darkened city. With any luck, when they stopped in confusion at Ty’s nonexistent boat, she would find a way of approaching and speaking to Ria.
At the intersection of the next street, Niri could see the girls hesitate as they peered ahead trying to find the way through the deepening night. Ty caught them at last, grabbing both of their arms in a quick lunge.
“We are going back. You aren’t children anymore and this is no place for the two of you.”
He was angry, his manner rough as he pulled the girls a step backwards. It frightened them, this sudden switch from innocent adventure to adult seriousness. Ria grabbed at Ty’s arm, pulling back while Lavinia tripped against her brother. 
“You’re hurting me, Ty! Let me go!” Ria ordered. Only a lilt at the end betrayed her nervousness.
“That isn’t very nice, Tylee.” A low voice grated from the darkness. 
Niri pushed herself deeper against the wall of the house she had stopped beside, hiding in the shadows of the colonnades while craning to see from where this new voice had come.
Ty stiffened, freezing in mid-reach to steady his sister. “I want you both to run. Get out of here and don’t stop until you get home. Don’t wait for me,” Ty whispered so low and fast that Niri could barely understand him. His pulse raced so quickly that for a moment Niri could sense the water in his blood pounding through his body, willing him to action. With deliberate slowness, he turned, peering into the darkness for the speaker.
Ria clutched her friend’s hand, ready to run. Lavinia looked toward her brother, unwilling to leave him behind. Balanced on the balls of his feet and looking for danger, Ty was the first to see the glint of the knife slicing through the air. He threw himself forward. His movement sent Lavinia a step closer to her brother and directly into the path of the hurled blade. Before Niri could shout a warning, the knife froze in midair. It hung arrested in motion as if it had struck home in an invisible wall.
The whole tableau paused: Lavinia reaching for her brother and realizing her fate; Ty losing his fighting form while the knife he had pulled from his belt fell toward the cobblestones as he reached for his sister, and Ria standing tall and unmoving, staring at the knife just inches away from her best friend’s head. But it was what no one else but Niri could see that held her spellbound. Power like lightning flowed toward Ria from the ground and air, amassing around her in a halo of potential.
The power emitted by Ria was immense and, though flung instinctively to protect her friend, was held by a firm mind. The aura of energy did not waiver or dim as it swirled around Ria, a thin tendril reaching out to hold the knife aloft. With terrified awe, Niri dismissed the idea that Ria was simply an Elemental like herself. There was no combination of known skills that could do what she had done. Besides that, Niri could feel Ria’s connection to power outside of herself, unlike the internal blood skills of Elementals. 
As Ty’s knife clattered to the street and his fingertips touched the outstretched hands of his sister, four men walked into view from the shadows. They stopped and stared at the three, talking swiftly with gestures most often in Ria’s direction. Unaware that the threat was not gone, Ria gave a slight tremble as the strings of magic dissipated into the night.
Niri’s surprise wore off as the men took another eager step forward toward the three youths. Lavinia stood wrapped in her brother’s embrace, while they both anxiously glanced between Ria and the approaching men. 
Niri pulled at the water coating the buildings and stones of the road. She flung the moisture into the air creating an instant thick mist as confounding as day turned night. The sudden fog shielded the trio from the men, but the safety it brought was illusory. It would only take the men a moment to decide to wade through it and find their way across the intersection. 
If she was an Earth Elemental, Niri could have built a wall from the stones of the road. The wish flashed through Niri’s mind with an old ache. Water was a weak element to control, as she’d learned during her years in the Temple. Shoving the old shame away, she rushed forward to where the three stood still as rooted trees. 
“This way, quickly!” she instructed.
Niri tossed back her cloak and herded the three ahead with open arms, feeling like a farm girl driving wayward geese. Overcome by what had occurred, the three obeyed the authority in her voice. She swept them forward down the street, knitting the mist behind into a thickness that confounded all senses. Without thinking, Niri wove through the streets and alleys, making a random pattern of turns that led them further away from the assailants.
At the mouth of a narrow alley, Niri paused. No footfalls sounded above the wash of waves. The mist lay still, undisturbed by anything trying to move through its blinding bulk. Now that the immediate threat the unknown posed was gone, Niri worried about the greater one coming.
“You have to leave,” Niri said as she looked skyward.
“What do you mean? We need to go home.” Ria spoke first, her chin tilting up as she recovered her composure.
Ty’s eyes narrowed as he looked Niri over where she stood with cloak open over her white robes. But it was Lavinia who recognized her first.
“You’re the Priestess from the ceremony.”
Concern chased by fear filled Lavinia’s face as she stepped toward Ria. Ria paled, crossing her arms tightly as she leaned away from Niri. 
“No,” Ria moaned, tears welling in her eyes as she shied away. “I will not go with you. I’m not like you!” 
“I’m not taking you to the Church, child. You are right. You aren’t an Elemental. You are not like me, and you need to leave now or it will mean your life.”
Lavinia and Ria clasped hands, seeking comfort in one another.
“You will not harm her!” 
The anger in Ty’s voice pushed Niri back a step. Ty was ready for a new fight. But this time it was against her.
“It isn’t me she needs to fear,” Niri tried to explain.
“No, it is the Church, all of you!”
Lavinia stared at her brother in surprise.
“Yes.” 
The assertion knocked Ty’s reckless anger back a fraction. Niri paused, fretting. Time was passing. She did not know how to make them understand quickly enough.
“What do you mean, I’m not like you?” Ria asked into the tense silence.
“I heard you speak earlier of being happy not to have been chosen today. You thought the Church would want you. Do you know what you just did?”
Dying hopes filled Ria's eyes with tears. “I stopped the knife. I am an Elemental.” 
Ria's voice wavered, drawing out an ache in Niri she had thought long buried. Niri reached toward the girl. Ty stepped between them. Withdrawing her hand into her wide cuffs, Niri stared at the darkness and stones.
“There are worse things than being an Elemental. There is another gift, one of magic. It isn’t spoken of ... the Church has outlawed it.”
“I don’t understand. I’m not an Elemental?” Ria asked, confused.
“The skills I contain are in my blood. I can only control water, and my ability cannot grow beyond the strength with which I was born. Magic is different. You tapped into the life force, the power of all living things. Your abilities are beyond ... I don’t know.”
“What do you mean, you don’t know?” Ty snapped.
Niri stared him down, answering, “I don’t know because anyone who has ever used magic has been killed as soon as they were discovered.” 
Lavinia and Ria gasped. Ty’s disbelief slowed him only for a second. He stepped forward.
“You will not ...”
“Do you think I mean her any harm? With what?” Niri tossed open her cloak to show her plain priestess robes and unadorned belt holding no knife or bag. “I am not the one to fear. If I was, would I be chasing after the three of you at night, alone?” Niri slashed her hand between herself and Ty. She gestured toward Ria.
“You used magic, which isn’t allowed by the Church. You have unleashed the Curse, the Church’s way of tracking and dealing with those who use magic, and it is coming for you right now. You must leave tonight if you hope to survive until dawn.”
“I’m not leaving. I don’t want to leave. I want to go home to my family.” Ria said, leaning forward as if to be sick or faint.
“Are you certain?” Lavinia asked in desperation, glancing between Niri and Ty. “Are you sure she used magic and is not an Elemental? She could be strong Air and Earth combined, couldn’t she?” Lavinia asked, voice trailing off as she realized what she'd said. She was arguing that her friend was an Elemental, trying to convince a Priestess of this fact.
Niri looked from Lavinia to Ria. Studying the pale girl, Niri could only feel the draw to Ria like iron to a magnet. It was the same feeling she had toward anyone with Elemental skills. She'd never met anyone with magic and didn't know if the feeling would be different.
Ty saw her doubt and gave her a cold smile. “You can't and we are going home.”
“Would you risk her life?” Niri challenged.
Lavinia held Ria’s hand, her other against Ria’s back where she stayed bent over, drawing shallow breaths. “Isn’t there anything else we can do? Some way to be sure?” Lavinia asked, cutting through the stalemate between Ty and Niri.
A thought occurred to Niri.
“There is some way you can tell, isn’t there?” Lavinia asked with relief. Ty hesitated.
“There is, but I need some basalt. There must be a shop down here in the lower city that sells ... ingredients for homemade blessings?” Niri asked, trying not to cast judgment on something that she found herself in need of.
Ty replied, “Yes, I can take you to it. But I don’t think it will be open this late.”
“No, I cannot go. They will recognize me and no one must know I’ve left the public complex.” Niri spoke without thinking and then froze, wishing she could undo her words. 
The three teenagers looked at her sharply. Ty sneered at her. “You snuck out.”
“Yes.”
“But you don’t want anyone to know, so you can go back?” Ty asked, looking at her as if she was something distasteful.
“Yes,” Niri replied again, but the certainty died in her voice. She hadn’t thought of not going back.
“Then I will not trust you alone with Ria," Ty replied.
It left only one option. All eyes turned to Lavinia. “But those men,” Lavinia stammered.
“They were after me, not you,” Ty said gruffly as he unbelted his sailor’s knife and put it around her waist. The knife along with the admission drained the blood from her face. The questions in her eyes resolved into one expression. With a look, Lavinia begged her brother not to make her do this.
“You know the store, right?” he asked without meeting her gaze.
Lavinia nodded stiffly. Niri thought for a moment she would cry, but she bit her lip and seemed to rally.
“Any basalt will do. Get it and meet us back at the pool near the bottom of the stairs. Do you think you can find it again?” Niri asked as they walked with her to the mouth of the alley.
Lavinia nodded. “Yes, if I don’t get lost in this fog.”
Niri gave her half a smile. “The fog won’t bother you.”
Lavinia’s mouth formed a small 'O' as Niri pulled back the mist to form an open tunnel. Ty peeked at Niri from the corner of his eye. With a push from her brother, Lavinia silently slipped down the street. Her slim figure clothed in the dark blue dress quickly disappeared in the darkness.
Niri waited a moment before closing the mist behind Lavinia. Ty made a gesture as if to stop her as his gaze looked after his vanished sister. The anger fell from his features, leaving him looking worn and tired. 
Time passing tightened Niri's spine like a bowstring. She reached out her mind into the mist and the city. The tiny fountain pulled on Niri’s awareness like a pebble compared to the weight of the sea nearby. With a shift of will, the mist parted.
“We should go to the pool and wait for her,” Niri said.
Ty gazed uneasily at her before he stepped forward and drew Ria against his side, the side furthest from Niri.





Chapter 3
THE SUMMONING

Lavinia hesitated at the fountain’s edge. Niri, Ria, and Ty had hidden in the darkness of a colonnaded gallery, waiting. Realizing Lavinia had returned, Ria darted from Ty's arms into the swirling mist of the courtyard before Ty could stop her. Ty followed after, glancing into the darkness of fog-choked alleyways. As Niri approached, Lavinia held out her hand and dropped a small black lump into Niri’s palm.
“It is all they had. Is it big enough?”
Niri nodded, feeling the solid weight of the cool stone in her fingers. It was not the size but the rock itself that mattered.
“Wait here around the pool. You’ll be able to see and hear, but not be seen so do not worry.” Niri spoke while she slipped off her plain leather shoes and sat on the chipped granite edge.
“Wait.” Ty hissed. “What are you about to do?” Anger seethed around the words, barely restrained by Lavinia’s hand on his arm.
Niri paused. They hadn’t discussed what would happen, not during the walk to the pool or the wait for Lavinia. They had barely spoken. The unresolved issue of what Ria had done was paramount, so all else was left as unimportant. Now, Niri pondered how to explain.
“I’m going to speak to someone who will know what happened. He can tell us if Ria is in danger.”
“Do you trust him?” Ty asked, hostility reduced at the reminder of the risk to Ria's life.
Niri held his gaze without wavering. She could not give him any reason to doubt her. “Yes, with my life.”
With a short hesitation, Ty stepped back. She guessed the thought that she might be about to betray them must have gone through all their minds. For a second, she had considered it. Niri could confess everything that had occurred. A part of her wanted to.
But if everything worked out, the three would be gone running from the Curse or Niri would have a new Elemental for the Church. Either way, she would soon be back to her chambers in the public complex. Tomorrow she would begin her journey home to Solaire. It would all be over in a few hours on this, the shortest night. 
Niri swung her feet, slipping them into the pool. The comfort was immediate. The water welcomed her, soothing the turbulent doubt and sense of time slipping away in its calming embrace. She was one with the water, a part of it, and it was a part of her.
When she reached the center of the fountain, she turned to the three. They stood shoulder to shoulder at the water’s edge, no longer spirited youths on an adventure. Instead, worry and questions separated them, although they stood side by side.
All three gasped as Niri looked at them. She knew what had happened but had forgotten to warn them. Her brown eyes had changed to become the color of the sea under a bright sky, illuminated even in the darkness of night. The effect was startling. Caused by such a complete joining with her element, it was only the beginning of the strange things they were about to witness.
“Stay quiet, stay near. You won’t be seen, I promise.” Her voice now held undertones of waves, echoing as though part of Niri spoke from deep in the water. All three moved closer together and nodded as one, wide-eyed as children again.
The water surrounding her pulled at her consciousness. From where she knelt in the center, Niri focused herself, calling upon the years of training to continue with her task. With a thought, the liquid surface leapt up around her, forming a watery skin like a bubble. It began at the stone edge of the pool and rose to a few feet over her head. Within the protective sphere, Niri found it easier to concentrate.
Only a few of the Church were powerful enough to be able to use their gifts in such a way. Only a few had the control and ability to keep their thoughts steady. It was Niri’s guarantee to move up far in the Church, at least as far as she could as a Water Elemental. But what she was about to do had not been shown to her by the Church, but by someone she trusted and loved. Someone she desperately needed to talk to. He would have answers. 
From deep within her, Niri sought out warmth. The coolness of the water in her chest changed to a deep heat, slowly spreading down her arms and to her belly. She focused on a spot a few feet in front of her and above the water’s surface. Niri funneled her warmth into it, waiting for a connection with an element that was opposite of her own.
It didn’t take long. It was just a flicker of the imagination at first and then the spot Niri focused on began to glow a faint red like a candle’s last light before the wick faded into wax. The light brightened and became a sphere. All at once, a small flame hovered inches above the pool as a fire sprite accepted Niri’s invitation and came into being. It wavered and reached out, growing and twisting, sensing the safety and location. Then it grew to a tower of fire more than a foot high. It turned and seethed, coiling back on itself. Sensing Niri, it raised its head, opening its mouth in a silent roar. The tiny fire dragon stared up at Niri, claws outstretched as it looked around the small enclosure. 
Fire dragon to Fire Elemental, the sprite would create a connection that Niri could not manage. The Order of Fire could always talk to one another through flame. It was a trick no other Order could master. 
Niri offered the piece of basalt to the creature. It greedily reached out, grabbing the stone in its paws of perfectly formed fire and pulled it to its chest. Even as it admired its new possession, the rock changed. A deep red glow began to form in its center. The light spread until the entire stone shone, turning it back into the magma it had been.
Even as the rock changed, so did the shape of the dragon. The flaming image dispersed and became an incandescent haze that grew bigger until it was as large as Niri. At first the glowing form was a mirror image of her sketched in an element opposing her own. Niri held Sinika’s name centered in her mind, waiting until he noticed the summoning in the flames near him in the Temple of Solaire. 
A minute passed and nothing changed. Panic rose again in Niri’s chest. She had not considered the possibility that Sinika would not answer. Just as her thoughts wavered, the image of light altered once again, redefining itself into someone distinct. The person she sought. The anxiety dispersed as Niri gazed into Sinika’s eyes, formed in his element of fire. 
The line of his mouth was hard. Niri had the impression her summons was not well timed. But the momentary rise of doubt disappeared with Sinika’s first words.
“Nirine, I’ve been worried.” His voice had a sibilant hiss coming from the throat of flame. “The Temple is in chaos. The High Council has been called together. We are to meet in the Chapel of Hope. I only have a few minutes.”
Niri leaned forward. “It was magic then? Not a powerful Elemental?”
Sinika’s image nodded. “Yes, the Curse has been released to find whatever caused this ... manifestation.”  Sinika’s aristocratic lips tasted the bitterness of the word. 
Niri’s heart thundered in her chest. Her first guess had been right and they had wasted valuable time simply to confirm it. Ria’s life was in danger. Ria, who stood now only feet from the image of someone that Niri didn’t want to imagine would mean her harm. But Sinika was a High Priest, one of only twelve who guided the Church of Four Orders. Now Niri doubted if the information was worth the risk. Only the thin skin of water protected Ria from being seen by Sinika. She needed to be away, any way she and her friends could manage.
“Do you know what it was, Nirine? You are the closest member of the Church. What happened?” Even through the visage of fire, Sinika stared deeply into Niri’s eyes. She chafed at the delay.
“I cannot explain now, Sinika. I will be back to the Temple of Solaire in five days. I will tell you then.”
His focus shifted a bit to the side and beyond her before returning. “No, Nirine.” Sinika paused. He looked away again as if he was checking to be sure no one else was near.
“You cannot come back. Don’t you see what this appears to be? The High Council knows magic was used in Mirocyne. The House Steward is an old Fire Priest. Once the Curse woke, they sent the House Steward to find you, but your rooms were deserted. He could only assume you had left. The High Council doesn't know if you were a part of what happened, but considering the circumstances,” Sinika paused again. 
The connection wavered, Sinika's form fading. "Niri!" Sinika yelled as he would when he'd taught her the summons. Discipline cleared the fear eating her concentration and left her mind empty.
When she refocused on him, Sinika continued. “If you tell me what happened, what you know, I will speak to the Council for you. I am sure your punishment will not be so great, if you tell me now. Otherwise,” Sinika gave a tiny shake of his head. “I cannot bear to think what they will do to you, Niri.” His gaze was earnest in its worry. “They would tear you apart, feed you to the Curse instead. Nirine, you must tell me or they will kill you.”
She couldn't think. “No, no, no ...” The fiery image wavered again. Niri grasped onto the connection with violent effort. Sinika's form solidified, appearing real.
He waited. It was too late to realize she had never considered what the impact of magic being used would have on the Church, that they would look for her, or even could contact someone in Mirocyne, and find her missing. Her life for the girl's. That was what Sinka offered. 
Tears flooding her eyes, Niri met Sinika’s gaze. The slightest smile touched his lips as she opened her mouth.
“No,” she said again.“ No, I will not tell you what happened.”
Sinika stared at her. He blinked twice, his mouth moving to form a reply. Words failed before they reached his lips. Niri did not wait for him to recover.
“Do you know where the Curse is? Can you track it? How much time do we have?”
“Nirine, you cannot be serious. They will kill you. Do you understand? The Curse is coming now and will find you as assuredly as the magic user. I can do nothing to protect you.”
Anger caught her breath, surprising her with its sharpness. She had never dared retort to a higher member of the Church after her earliest lessons of the result. But Sinika was not an unknown superior and his presence was at her invitation. Mind crystal clear in her defiance, the water skin above her turned to ice.
“If you don’t want me dead this night by your hand as much as the High Council’s, then tell me where the Curse is, Sinika. I will not come back to Solaire to bring you a child to murder.”
Ria or Lavinia gasped from where the trio watched outside the icy shield. Though they could not be seen, the sound carried. Sinika’s eyes darted to the side. He rocked back on his heels, rejoining anger fading to something else as he regarded Niri. Stone-faced, he replied, “It took wing, so I would imagine it would be over Thornastal by now.”
Thornastal was only halfway. There was still time to escape.
The image of Sinika faded as Niri willed an end to the summoning. He reached out, nearly touching her with his hand of fire in an effort to keep her from breaking the fragile connection between them.
“You must hurry, Nirine, if you want to outrun the Church. There is a place I’ve heard of that may help you. Go to Karakastad and into the Temple of Dust. There is a library there where the old records were kept. You should be able to find documents on the making of the Curse. Hopefully, something to protect you. Take care of yourself, Nirine.”
“I will. Thank you, Sinika.” She paused. Saying goodbye wore away the numbness. If Sinika himself had stood there, she would have thrown herself against him and begged to return to Solaire. But he wasn't and she'd said no. Niri willed an end to the summoning. The thin layer of ice and water shattered, clattering down around her. 
Niri shoved aside the lost ache filling her. Ria had to hurry. The Curse was coming for her, the Church surely behind. Niri hurried to the edge of the pool where the three teenagers waited, expressions nervous.
Despite the drive she felt, it took Niri a moment to find her voice. “You must go,” she said to Ria. Panic filled the girl's eyes. 
“We must go,” Lavinia replied, placing a hand on Niri’s arm. Niri fought an urge to collapse against Lavinia, as Ria had done an hour earlier.
“You cannot be serious. We can’t take her ... she is a Priestess!” Ty’s anger was blacker than the night.
“No, she is not.” Lavinia said, calmly. 
“Well, you aren’t going either! You will go home and ...”
Lavinia’s expression took on some of the heat of her brother’s, but she did not need to answer. Ria yelped and reached for Lavinia before Ty could finish. He stared at the two girls and Niri. In the silence, the pressing of time closed in like the fog.
“I’ll find us a boat.” Ty hissed, turning on his heels and leaving. Without his fuming presence to tense herself against, Niri swayed on her feet. 
Lavinia caught her shoulder, and Ria took the other side. They stood together, joined by fear and a need to flee.
“We have to find Ty.” Lavinia said, gaze searching the mist-shrouded courtyard.
Lavinia's words spurred Niri to action. With gentle pressure, she pushed the girls forward. 
“How ... how do you know which way he went?” Ria asked, voice hoarse. She trembled under Niri’s hand.
“I feel where the mist has moved with his passing,” Niri answered.





Chapter 4
UNWILLING COMPANIONS

The boat Ty found was tiny compared to other ships in the harbor, barely forty feet. Narrow, with the mast near the bow, it looked to Ria’s eye completely unlike the wide, double-masted merchant ships. But it did look fast. 
Despite the darkness, Ty sure-footedly unfastened the ropes and raised the massive mainsail. Niri stayed on deck, her anxious gaze skyward. It was her presence more than anything that unnerved Ria. She just didn't want to look at the Priestess.
“Can we go below?” Ria whispered to Lavinia, who led her to the cabin door amidship as Ty caustically turned to Niri.
“Can’t you do something to help fill the sails? Or we will sit here and flounder until the tide turns in four hours.”
“I have no power over wind. I am a naiad. I only control water.” Niri’s crisp retort cut through the night.
But the exchange must have given Niri an idea. By the time Ria reached the stairs to head below, the boat began to move forward as if on an outgoing tide. Niri walked past Ria to the bow, the strange aqua and lavender light filling Niri’s eyes. Ria’s stomach clenched before she reached the cabin's depths and breathed in her first lungful of stale rot. The piled clutter of the cabin slowed their steps, but it didn't seem so bad until the small ship started riding swells. The sharp rocking motion coupled with the intense smells overwhelmed Ria.
“We must be out of the harbor,” Lavinia said, trying to gaze out a grimy porthole.
The bow of the boat heaved up with another wave. Ria gasped. Mildew and heavy spices assaulted her nose and throat, combining sickly with the rolling motion of the ship. Gagging, Ria leaned over and retched. Hurriedly, Lavinia made space on a bench for them by dumping the unknown contents onto the floor. She pulled Ria down next to her as the ship plunged down a wave.
As Ria came up for breath with a moan, a soft rag brushed her skin. Taking it from Lavinia’s hands, Ria pulled the cloth against her face. The rag smelled like dust, but it was better than the unknown and fragrant clutter filling the cabin of the boat. Lavinia sitting next to her on the hard bench gave Ria a small comfort. At least she wasn't alone with the Priestess on the way to the Temple of Solaire.
“Thanks.”
“Are you feeling any better?”
Ria wasn't sure. So much had gone wrong, her mind hadn't caught up with where her body sat in the cabin of the small sailboat.
“You think that is what happened to your cousin, Anna, and your uncle as well?” Lavinia asked when Ria didn't answer.
“And my grandmother’s sister, and their cousins ... so many in my family. The Church took them but not to become Priests or Priestesses. That is why we never heard from them again. The Church took them to kill them.”
The woeful truth of it made Ria stumble on the word kill. She twisted the rag around her hands, the fabric twining tight against her skin.
“Grandma Sanoo said it was something in our blood, a curse of our family. She was more right than she knew.”
“Ty will find a way to get us home. We’ll warn your family and tell them. You’ll see. You’ll only be away a few days.”
Ria nodded, but like the cat’s cradle of cloth loops binding her hands, she doubted it was so simple. Her family already feared the Church, an uncommon belief they kept mostly to themselves. Her entire family couldn't hide.
Ty’s presence created its own knot of anxiety. Against her will, Ria remembered him holding her while they waited for Lavinia. In all her years, Ria had never thought she would ever need a thing from Lavinia’s brother, no matter the lingering glances he gave her. But as her mother had often said, she could choose worse than Ty.
“You are taking us back to the Temple of Solaire! I knew you couldn’t be trusted.”
The vehemence of Ty’s voice carried his words into the cabin and cut through Ria’s thoughts. Both girls leapt to their feet. Ria kept a hand on Lavinia’s back as she made her way to the stairs, her footing unsure on the surging ship.
As they emerged into the salt-laden air, the boat slowed. Ty glanced once toward his sister, then reached for the ropes to turn the boom. The sail filled with the strong wind off the sea. Ty stood by the tiller post, adjusting the horizontal beam to move the rudder. The boat rode the waves, angling along the now distant dark shore. 
“I didn’t mean to ... it is habit, nothing more.” Niri said, staring at the timbers of the deck. 
Ty ignored her and turned toward his sister and Ria. “The Priestess has been guiding the boat by controlling the water it sits in. She was taking us back toward the Temple, directly toward the creature she says is coming for us.”
“I am not a Priestess any longer! Did you not hear?” Niri glared at Ty, hand balled into a fist. Moonlight caught a faint glint of dampness under her eye.
“Nirine?” Lavinia said hesitantly under the glare of her brother.
“Niri. Only the Church officials ever called me by my full name,” she said, pulling the cloak to her sides and sitting down on a bench along the side of the ship.
“Where are we heading now?” Ria asked, choosing the bench opposite Niri. Lavinia joined Ria, sitting closer to where her brother stood at the rear.
For a moment the only sounds were the creaking of wooden timbers as the ship plowed into the waves and the thrumming of the rigging holding the full triangle of sail. Around them, the moon in its lesser circuit tinted the wave caps a dull rose.
“Karakastad is south, across the Sea of Sarketh,” Ty finally offered.
Lavinia leapt to her feet, pivoting to face Ty. “You can’t be serious! We need to go home! We have to return this ship to whoever we took it from. We have to warn Ria’s family. We can’t sail this ... this mess across the Sea of Sarketh!”
“The boat belonged to the men who attacked us. All this stuff was already stolen."
Ty’s words registered on Lavinia’s face like a flower bud unfolding. Her eyes opened wider, tight muscles of her jaw loosening to part her lips, and finally shoulders dropping. With a blink, she looked away from her brother and sat down next to Ria. Ria took her hand.
“Where have you been, Ty?” The wind carried Lavinia's question away into the open sea.
“That isn’t something she needs to know.” Ty jabbed a thumb in Niri’s direction. “Look, I will tell you later, Vin. I promise.” 
“It doesn’t matter, about telling my family, I mean,” Ria said into the tense silence. Everyone looked at Ria in surprise. “I mean, they already know most of it. It won’t change anything if there is a creature who will hunt us down no matter where we go.”
“The Curse is real,” Niri said.
“Do you really think we could find some way of stopping it in the Temple of Dust?” Ria asked, youthful frame tense as she sat on the edge of the bench and looked across at the woman who had been her worst fear until a few hours ago.
“I trust Sinika ... and it is the only place we know that may hold some answers.”
No one denied the statement. Ty moved first, shaking his head from side to side.
“No, I’m not taking her. We are not taking a Priestess with us!” His anger was back.
“Are you so against the Church?” Niri asked as she stood swiftly.
“It hasn’t done me any favors. Are you so for it, former Priestess?” Ty drew out the title, the lines of Niri’s mouth tightening with every syllable. They squared off, facing each other across the back of the boat. Ria and Lavinia glanced at each other.
“No, yes ... they haven’t done me any favors either,” Niri said, sitting down. Ty blinked at her sudden retraction and watched her warily. Niri’s eyes were closed as she spoke again. “But it is all I’ve known since I was nine.” A tear slipped down her cheek.
Without anyone at which to direct his anger, Ty tried reasoning with his sister. “The Church is looking for her, knows who she is. They don’t know who Ria is or that she isn’t alone. We have a better chance of getting away without her.”
“She saved Ria’s life,” Lavinia retorted.
Ty gave his sister an annoyed glance. 
“What happens if Ria uses her power again? The Curse will come.”
Ty answered Niri without turning to face her. “She never used it before. She may not need to ever again.”
“But you won’t know. She could be using it now for all you can tell.” Now Ty swiveled to face Niri. She met the look he threw at her, tilting her chin up and firming her back. “I can protect Ria from the Church and herself. The Church might not know who she is now, but her potential is recognizable. There is no hiding her from a member of the Church. Is she is seen, she will be known.”
Ty had no argument to deny Niri’s words. He simmered for a moment. “We are to trust you then?”
“Yes.”
Ty glared at her. 
“So, we’ll go to the Temple of Dust?” Ria asked, wanting the decision to be made, the answer reached.
“Yes, but Lavinia is right. We can’t go in this boat. Not as it is now. There isn’t fresh water or food enough to make the crossing,” Ty grudgingly admitted.
“Then what will we do?” Ria felt lost with the technicalities of sailing across the sea. Ty’s ease with the idea was the first reassurance she had felt all night.
“It is a merchant vessel, even if a small one. We can go to Dion and sell anything we can find of value. It should be enough to get us across to Rah Hahsessah.”
Lavinia tensed next to Ria, but said nothing.
“Dion is a far sail for one night,” Niri said to Ty.
"If you pushed us with the tide while I man the sail, we could make it," Ty said, hesitantly. "If you swear you'll guide us to Dion!"
"I swear," Niri replied, amused by Ty's lack of trust. Her eyes filled with lavender as she added the strength of the sea to the full sail Ty controlled. The ship sped forward far faster than it ever could have under sail alone.





Chapter 5
HUNTED

Ty felt the Priestess tremble against his shoulder, her muscles as taut as a rigging line holding a full sail. By contrast, Ria melted against his side, barely a weight under his arm. Lavinia stood in front of Ria, blocking her from view. Ty’s awareness of Ria's warmth pressed against him nearly distracted him from the danger they were in. Twenty yards out, in the bright light by the dock, a group of five Priests milled impatiently, waiting for their boat to be readied.
A Priest, who wore a long cream tunic embroidered in rippling gold and red flames over robes the color of lava, paused in his conversation. He peered around as if he sensed something. In the shadows of the alcove under the colonnade, Ty held his breath. Niri shifted further away from her former compatriots, inadvertently pressing into Ty. 
The accusation that she had contrived this “accidental” meeting with a group of Priests died in his throat at the terror in Niri’s wide eyes, the paleness under her warm skin tone, and, most of all, by the tension in her body. The former Priestess seemed to be more afraid of the Priests than Ria, if that was possible. 
Niri, Ty corrected himself. She is not a Priestess any longer. He wasn’t sure he believed it.
“We should walk back before they see us,” Ty whispered in Niri’s ear.
Niri shook her head. “They may see us if we move. They’ll be gone soon. It is best to just wait.” 
From the tone of her voice, he would have thought her unaffected. But her body betrayed the fright she felt. Without meaning to, Ty unraveled his fingers from Ria’s, leaving her tucked under one arm. He placed his freed hand on Niri’s shoulder. 
Niri flinched at his touch but then relaxed, leaning further into him as they watched the Priests order their bags onto the boat. Ria grasped Lavinia’s arm to replace Ty. Silently, they waited.
The day in the market had gone well. They had arrived exhausted in Dion just as dawn lightened the sky. Ty was accustomed to sailing at night. During the brief time at his apprenticeship, he and Ryic had been assigned the night sail for the first few months. But Ty had been running for weeks, worried about not making it home before his sister was to leave on her apprenticeship. He hadn't wished ill fate to repeat itself with her. By dawn as they entered Dion's harbor, he was so overtired he was giddy.
“I’ve never used my power before for so long or in such a way,” Niri confessed as she gripped the handrail of the bench with white knuckles as if the world spun.
Exhaustion made Ty more candid. “I’ve never heard of a Water Elemental controlling a boat before.”
Niri exhaled a laugh. “Nor I.”
Ty smiled, turning toward her, and saw in the brightening light the gleam of the robe of a novice Priestess. The smile died on his lips. 
Too weary to do more than dock the boat in the merchant section, they slept until midmorning. Once awake, Ty forbade Niri to step into the open air in her Priestess robe. A Priestess would never sell goods in a merchant quarter. Niri's presence would bring the attention they were trying to avoid. Before attempting to organize the main cabin and find goods to sell, Ria cobbled together an outfit of sorts to replace Niri’s Priestess robes. In a burgundy blouse that exposed Niri’s bare shoulders and a dark skirt, the ragged hem of which revealed glimpses of her calves as she walked, Ty found it much easier to forget she was a former Priestess.
The market itself had been uneventful and profitable. Ty found the time to buy Ria and Lavinia clothes other than the dresses they had worn at the solstice ceremony. Ria danced when he handed her a heavy silk shirt the same green as her eyes, and a yellow skirt that was a poor match to the color of her golden hair. Lavinia was equally happy for the sailor’s pants, sandals, and a blue tunic that fit her perfectly. She threw her arms around Ty when she found the sailor’s knife hidden in the folds of cloth. Niri smiled at the girls’ enthusiasm, causing Ty a rush of warm guilt that he’d brought her nothing. He pushed it aside. They’d found clothes for her on the boat after all. 
It wasn’t until the weary walk back to the boat that disaster struck. Rounding the last corner to the docks, he and Lavinia walked into a group of five Priests. 
Luck had been with them. Niri and Ria had been a few paces behind. The Priests saw Ty and Lavinia rooted to the stones on which they stood, but not Ria and Niri. Ty and Lavinia's sudden halt had been enough of a warning for Niri to catch Ria’s elbow and swing her into the shadows of the colonnade. 
Ty and Lavinia’s startled pause and proximity earned them scathing glances from the Priests. Not recognizing anything more than two youths, the Priests turned away with an air of dismissal. It took a few seconds for the four to be reunited in the alcove, trapped from retreat by the bright sun.
 Still waiting, Niri leaned forward, her eyes narrowing as she watched the Priests. There was the one Fire Elemental, an Elemental from the Order of Water in violet robes and embroidered tunic set off by his dark skin, two Earth Elementals in robes of gray-blue, and a fifth Priest shorter than the others with dark hair in long braids and wearing the yellow robes of the Order of Air. Niri focused on the Water Priest, but the sight of the yellow robes made Ty’s stomach turn and he closed his eyes.
“Do you know him?” Ty hissed to Niri. 
When she didn’t answer right away, Ty opened his eyes to look at her. It was the first time he had been so close to her and really paid attention. Surprised, he realized that she was barely his senior, maybe a year or two older. With her serious air he had thought her far closer to thirty.
“No ... I thought maybe. But they are all full Priests, not novices.”
“What do you think they are doing?” Ria whispered from Ty's other side.
“Going to Mirocyne,” Niri answered.
“To look for us,” Lavinia finished. 
While they watched, the Priests formed a tighter knot. The boat was nearly ready and a sense of purpose infused the men. Their conversation became louder as their expressions hardened. Over the sounds of the busy harbor and city streets lined with carriages, donkeys pulling wagons, boats docking, and folks shouting, Ty only caught a few words from the Priests, such as “threat,” “aberration,” and “traitor.” Niri winced with the last word, but did not look away. Finally, the five boarded their boat. Wind filled its sails almost before it was untied from the dock. 
“We need to get further away from Mirocyne, I think,” Ty whispered as the Priests’ ship maneuvered into the harbor.
“Do we have enough to cross the sea yet?” Even with the threat gone, Ria had not moved from the protection of Ty’s arm. 
Ty shook his head, his lips lightly brushing Ria’s forehead. He didn’t think he intended that. “No, but we could try Kyrron. There is a bigger market there. It may take a day or two, but it should get us enough.”
Lavinia bit her lip, looking away from him. Ty felt his sister's thoughts even if she said nothing yet. Explanations tumbled through his mind in preparation as they finally made their way back to their ship. As Ty pushed the Grey Dawn away from the dock with his foot, Lavinia's thoughts spilled into words.
“Ty, we can’t keep running like this. You and Niri look exhausted. I think we need to stop for a day.”
Ty pulled his attention away from raising the sail to glance at his sister. Her sober blue eyes stared into him as she sat with her hands clasped before her. It reminded him so much of their father that he had to blink to bring her into focus.
To Ty’s surprise, Niri answered. “Not while we are only a day’s sail from Mirocyne. We need to get farther ... from the Church and the Curse.” 
Lavinia frowned and looked away. That would be our mother in her, Ty thought with a hollow tug.
“It’s okay, Vin. It has only been one day. We’re all tired, but Ty will be fine. He’s the only one who can sail us to Kyrron,” Ria said, reaching over and putting a hand on top of Lavinia’s. Ria cast a fond smile toward Ty. He was so surprised that he didn’t smile back. 
Ty had been enamored of Ria since childhood, in love with her like every boy in Mirocyne. But these last two days were the first she’d shown any acknowledgment of him. He was still struggling to catch up to the change.
“I could help, too,” Lavinia said in a muffled voice.
Ria’s vote of confidence made Ty feel all the more tired. He ached. Even when he dreamed, it was a yearning for more sleep. Despite having grown up sailing, and having sailed this same boat in the months past, he still felt the pull of the rudder from the night before in his shoulders. Even now, with the boat slicing through the busy harbor, the pitch induced by the full sail twinged the muscles of his back. His body felt far older than his years.
But Ty had grown used to odd pangs: hunger, sore muscles from unaccustomed work or uncomfortable places to sleep, guilt. He was surprised he wasn’t numb to it yet. Worry churned in his stomach so that he doubted he would rest even if he could lie down. At its best, sleep was an oblivion earned through overwhelming exhaustion.
It was the last thing he wished for his sister. They held each other’s gaze, the same blue locked together across the deck. Looking at the slight shadows under her eyes from the night before crushed his heart more than he thought possible. He could reconcile Ria being on this journey. It was saving her life. He had always wanted to be her protector in some way. But his sister did not have to be here. 
Lavinia should be home, safe, preparing for her apprenticeship. That thought reminded Ty of why he had come home in the first place. He swallowed and looked away, finding no easy answer.
“Ty, why do you know how to sell in the market?” Lavinia’s question made Ty close his eyes. Even waiting for it, he still wasn't ready.
“It isn’t important.”
“Then why not tell me?” Lavinia rose to her feet. 
“You want to know? Ask her.” Ty tossed a hand in Niri’s direction. 
“I don’t know what you’re referring to,” Niri replied in confusion.
“Don’t you? Maybe it is just Air Elementals and not every member of the Church, then,” Ty spat the words at her, his anger sudden and venomous. 
“Ty,” Lavinia began, tone apologetically embarrassed.
“Fine, if you want to help so much, Vin, then you can sail until it gets dark. Head southeast and try not to hit anything.”
Ty turned and stormed across the deck, letting the sail fly loose. He was down the stairs to the cabin before Lavinia managed to grab the line and correct their course.  





Chapter 6
RUNNING

“I’ll need your help docking,” Lavinia said by way of a warning to Ria. 
Ria nodded absently, her eyes opening wide with awe as Kyrron came into view. They were rounding the head of the harbor formed by Mount Eyrt. The size of the city only further intensified Lavinia’s fear. It extended for leagues.
The city spread out along the wide harbor from Mount Eyrt to the rolling terraced hills on the far eastern side of the bay. Buildings towered over the harbor, rising four to six stories high. They thrust from the hills like a sun-bleached coral reef, jagged and dangerous. Lavinia's doubts grew. She didn't know if she could find the merchant wharves, much less actually manage to dock.
After Ty’s unexplained outburst the day before, Lavinia had sailed alone for the day, trying to show a reluctant Ria how to steer. Seeing Lavinia managing the boat, Niri took the opportunity to rest until night as well.
When Lavinia woke Ty to take over at dusk, he looked embarrassed, mumbling about being tired. But he didn't apologize. Lavinia watched him climb the stairs to the deck as if he was a stranger. She was beginning to think he was. 
Lavinia didn’t know why she hadn’t noticed anything unusual when he had come home unexpectedly before the solstice ceremony. He seemed tired, but apprenticeships were meant to be hard. She attributed the dark lines under his eyes to too many nights sailing. 
Now she noticed he was thin, lankier beyond anything she remembered. And angry; she couldn’t remember ever having seen him so disagreeable. That night, Lavinia tossed and turned trying to imagine what had happened to her brother. Ria slept on the large bed in the aft cabin next to her, unaffected by Ty’s tantrum or too exhausted to care. Finally, Ria’s rhythmic breathing lulled Lavinia to sleep as well. 
Niri’s soft knock the next morning brought Lavinia to the door filled with a nameless fear for her brother. But it was only dawn. Niri swayed on her feet she was so tired. On deck, Ty slumped over the rudder post, the sail loose and barely catching any wind. Without a word, Ty gave over the rudder and sail to his sister and followed Niri below.
Alone, Lavinia listened to seabirds calling as they left their nests high on the cliffs to catch the fish rising with the morning light. Even this far from shore, the smell of oranges and soil was carried on the wind. Ria joined her an hour later, easing Lavinia's loneliness if not her worry. 
The only instruction Lavinia had was that their goal was Kyrron. Ty slept like the dead in the rear cabin she and Ria had vacated. Niri was in the same state in the front. Somehow, arriving and docking had fallen to Lavinia.
Her apprenticeship had been only four months away. Lavinia wished for one day, just one, on a real merchant ship. Then, she'd be able to do this. But that was a futile wish cast on desperate wings. Lavinia tightened her fingers on the rudder pole, palms sweaty and mouth dry.
Lavinia navigated the outer edges of the harbor. Ships six times the size of their sailboat bobbed at anchor in the deeper water near the sea. With the sun risen, traffic in the shipping lanes of the busy harbor kept Lavinia’s full attention. 
By contrast, Ria watched the city. Above the congested harbor, the buildings caught the morning sunlight, blazing them luminescent shades of pink, coral, and gold. Long violet and blue shadows slanted away toward Mount Eyrt. 
“I think I’ve been here before,” Ria said.
“Really?” Lavinia said, voice sharp with anxiety. Three shipping channels opened up before her heading toward different sections of the city. 
“Yes, we came to sell wine, I think, at a new market that had opened.”
“Do you remember where you docked?”
The time to decide which channel to choose quickly approached. Lavinia felt like she had eaten a stone anchor, her doubt weighed so heavily.
“Over toward those pink buildings, I think. The merchant square was over on the small hill there.”
Ria sounded certain to Lavinia, and that was enough. “Keep an eye out and let me know if you see the dock.”
Lavinia winched the boom in tight over the deck and turned the brace on the rudder pole. The boat shifted to port, squeezing between an anchored boat and one exiting the channel she'd chosen. The shipping lane cutting through the moored boats was wide, giving her hope that it was the correct direction.
If that sudden turn didn’t roll Ty out of bed, Lavinia thought with a wince. Random thoughts of both wishing for and dreading her brother’s appearance disappeared. The spaces between the anchored and moored boats became tighter as they neared the first of the docks reaching out into the bay. 
The air was filled with gulls crying and wheeling amid the boats. Men shouted as ships passed within feet of each other in the channel, some nearly colliding as winds shifted and the boats were tossed on the waves. More than once, Lavinia saw the yellow of an Air Elemental on a ship’s deck, but everyone seemed distracted in the chaos of the harbor. No one noticed their little boat or Ria. It was all Lavinia could do to keep the unfamiliar sailboat moving forward while Ria scanned for the wharf she remembered. 
“There! Just beyond the dock with the blue house. Do you see?”
Lavinia looked where Ria pointed. An inlet to an inner harbor opened to the left behind a small dock jutting from a blue house. What looked like shops full of supplies and wares for sale lined the street above the small harbor. It felt right to Lavinia. With a relieved sigh, she turned the boat to dart across the shipping lanes into the more organized, if not quieter, traders’ harbor. 
The merchant docks were well organized in their bawdy and busy chaos. A harbor master balanced on a skiff floated just inside the entrance to the inner harbor. He barely glanced up to take in the size of their ship to judge the goods they might carry before pointing them to a set of docks.
“Fourth dowk t’ the left, thi’d slip on the r’ght.” 
Even though he used the common tongue, his trade was accented heavily so that Lavinia barely caught what he said. She nodded to the instructions out of habit, as if it was her father relaying a test. It was easier for her to think of it that way. The harbormaster looked up, glaring at her as she sailed closer.
“Aye,” Lavinia said loudly, hoping it sounded confident as they sailed past.
The slip she was sent to was one of the few open. Lavinia dropped nearly all the sail to creep the boat forward far slower than necessary.
"After all that, I will not wake my brother by accidentally bumping the boat into the dock," Lavinia swore to herself. 
The boat brushed the wooden boards with a whisper as she tossed a line to a waiting attendant and dropped the last of the sail. Boat firmly fixed to the floating dock, Lavinia looked at Ria with wide-eyed relief and sat hard on a bench. Her knees would no longer support her.

—

By the time afternoon shadows from the two-story buildings were crossing the piazza, most of the goods Ty, Niri, Lavinia, and Ria had carried to the market had been sold. Fabric and rugs, silvery jewelry and ivory ornaments, boxes of dragon’s fire, and the ever-present spice whose scent filled the boat’s cabin had been bartered off for a tidy pile of coins.
Ty took the last sack of goods, a silver horn, and an ornamental kettle across the market to sell to other merchants while Lavinia, Ria, and Niri packed up. The constant assault of a hundred voices mixed with musicians resounding from the colonnaded buildings around the piazza dimmed as the market emptied. Single voices now threaded through the swell, recognizable if not understandable.
Ty appeared before they were done, tension in his frame and movements. Lavinia remembered the men who had come after her brother in Mirocyne. Her heart flipped in her chest. Those men were connected to the boat they had stolen, something Ty refused to explain.
“Ria’s family is here,” Ty said without preamble. Lavinia blinked. It was the last possibility she had been considering.
“How?” Ria asked.
“When you disappeared along with the two of us,” Ty answered in a low voice, “your family came to Mirocyne to look for you, only to find the city inundated with members of the Church.”
“That would not have been good,” Ria choked in response. Lavinia put an arm around Ria’s stiff form.
“No,” Ty agreed. “They borrowed all the boats our parents had in harbor and came to look for us.” Ty and Lavinia exchanged a quick look, full of the sober understanding of what their parents would do to find them.
Niri appeared more thoughtful than worried. “You said all the ships. So they don’t know which way we’ve gone?”
Ty shook his head. “No, but it won’t matter if they see us before we get out of the city. It won’t matter if they ask someone who saw us today. We’ve been in the open market for hours. They’ll find out we were here!” Ty’s voice rose as the words rushed out of him. 
“How did they get here so quickly?” Ria asked. “We’ve struggled to get this far in two days.”
“They haven’t stopped as we have. They get to a port, ask questions. If they hear nothing, they sail on. They’ve sailed with a crew night and day.”
“We have to get back to the ship. If they found us, they'd take us back. They don't know the danger,” Lavinia said to her friend. 
Ria bent forward, bright strands of hair sliding to hide her face. “I know.”
The trip through the market was rushed. Crowds had thinned. Niri gave Ria a scarf to drape over her head to hide her characteristic golden hair. Ty led the way back to the docks, cutting through back alleys with a familiar assurance. Lavinia watched him, once again seeing him as if he was someone she had just met with a past she didn’t know.
Ty’s face was nearly transparent he was so pale. The dark smudges under his eyes gave him a haunted look. The devilish gaiety he’d always had that attracted trouble but landed him on his feet was gone. To Lavinia, Ty looked more tired than their grandfather. He moved through the city like someone born to its streets, not its docks. Tears stung her eyes as they emerged on the road ringing the inner harbor, almost opposite where she had docked the boat.
Ty had the Grey Dawn cast off before the dock attendant made it a quarter of the way from a larger vessel he was helping depart. As the attendant opened his mouth to shout, Ty tossed a small purse of money at his feet. He grinned, gave a two-fingered sailor’s salute, and scooped up the coins. Lavinia looked away, wondering how many times Ty had slipped out of a harbor like a smuggler in a rush.
In the harbor, late afternoon sun shimmered off the waves, reflecting lines up against the hulls of the boats. Every ship appeared to float on liquid light. Out of the merchant harbor and into the main shipping lane, they were close to being free. Looking at the last of the anchored ships, Lavinia drew in a sharp breath. 
A tall and sleek ship, its hull dark from years of use plying the oceans, sat at anchor near the edge of the mooring field. It was large enough that it could not enter the shipping channels or the inner harbor. Vibrant dark-blue pennants flew from the rigging above the tightly folded and secured sails. 
Filled with a sudden longing, Lavinia scanned the decks for any sign of her family. Ty glanced at it once, then turned his face away. He opened their sail fully and swung the boom to catch the wind. The fleet boat pulled quickly away from Kyrron and the familiar ship.
“Where are we going to go?” Ria asked, sounding forlorn.
“We never bought supplies today. We still need to stop somewhere before we cross to the southern shore,” Niri answered.
Ty frowned, gaze fixed on the waves before them. “We don’t have enough money to buy everything we need yet. I was hoping to spend a few days in Kyrron.”
The wind whistled through the rigging, fluttering the edge of the sail. Behind them, Kyrron and Mount Eyrt were etched in russet light against the darkening sky. Her parents’ ship no longer visible, Lavinia pulled her gaze away to find Ria’s thoughtful eyes were on her.
“We could go back to Kyrron. Lavinia could go home and tell them we are fine.”
“What?” Lavinia asked, staring open-mouthed at her best friend.
“You don’t need to be here, Vin. Niri is running just like me. We need Ty to sail us to Karakastad, but you could go home.”
“I don’t want to,” Lavinia floundered. 
“Yes, you do. I saw it in your face when you saw your parents’ ship. Your apprenticeship is in a few months. I know how much that means to you. It is all you’ve talked about for years.”
Lavinia struggled to think of a reply while Ty's thoughtful expression darkened. He cast a sideways glance toward Niri.
“No,” Ty said into Lavinia’s strained silence. “I need Lavinia’s help sailing. She did fine this morning getting us to Kyrron.”
Niri didn't seem to have noticed Ty's quick, hostile stare. “I think that would be wise. We could work in shifts, you and I at night, Ria and Lavinia during the day,” she said to Ty.
“I can’t sail!” Ria exclaimed.
“I’ll teach you, don’t worry. We’ll get the day so it won’t be so bad.” Lavinia said, trying to encourage Ria. Ria crossed her arms and looked away.
“If we still need money, where are we going to go then?” Niri asked as the argument to drop off Lavinia died.
“Sardinia,” Ty answered, catching sharp looks from all three women. 
“You’ve ... you’ve been there before?” Ria stuttered.
Ty focused on the sail before finally answering, “Yes."
Lavinia felt queasy again. No honest merchant boat would ever sail to Sardinia. The men in Mirocyne, the stolen goods on the boat, and Ty’s familiarity with markets were adding up to something that couldn't be true. 
“Ty, where have you been? What ...” Lavinia wasn’t really sure what to ask.
Ty hesitated before he looked at her. The last of the sun’s light brushed the sail marine lavender, almost the same color as his eyes.
“The merchant vessel I was on wasn’t what I thought it would be. The apprenticeship ... it didn’t go like I expected, not like you’d think, Vin.” Ty flexed his jaw as he looked away again as if holding back other words.
“But Sardinia? No one decent would set foot there! There has to be somewhere else,” Ria said, worry and fear in her voice.
Ty’s expression hardened. Eyes narrow, he tossed Ria a fraction of a glance. Ria stiffened next to Lavinia as if Ty had slapped her.
“Don’t worry Ria, I know my way around,” he said.





Chapter 7
THE BAZAAR OF SARDINIA

No one entered Sardinia unnoticed. The town sat perched on an exposed, slim finger of land which jutted out into the Sea of Sarketh. High hills dropped quickly to the ocean, leaving no deep, sheltering harbor for vessels. Instead, a natural breakwater, formed by a line of rocks sweeping out from the point, offered ships meager shelter from the current and incoming storms.
A small town had been built by those skillful or desperate enough to seek refuge behind the submerged rocks of the breakwater. Despite the convenient location of the town between the Archipelago and the cities lining the Sea of Sarketh, the lack of a harbor had kept the settlement from becoming a thriving commercial town. Over time, the breakwater had been enlarged with boulders and the town had turned to catering to those whose needs were not met in the traditional markets. Sardinia was avoided by conventional merchants and honest professionals, or so Ria had heard. It was the best of the things she'd heard about Sardinia.
As Lavinia steered them toward a ramshackle wharf, Ty stood watch leaning over the edge of the boat.
“Rocks awash fifteen feet to port.”
Lavinia nudged the rudder post to turn them a degree to the right.
“No, keep the course steady,” Ty snapped, his harsh tone causing Lavinia to flush as she froze her hand.
“Then say ‘stay on course,’ not ‘rocks to port,’” Lavinia retorted.
Ty ran his hand through his already rumpled hair. Ria and Niri glanced at each other in silence. They glided past the half-submerged remains of a ship. The cracked boards of its hull offered an ominous welcome to the dangerous town and harbor. It left Ria lightheaded.
“You are doing fine. Just keep it slow and follow the channel,” Ty said a little more kindly.
Lavinia took a deep breath and glared at the back of her brother’s head, before refocusing on the quickly approaching wharves. The mass of wooden planks and pilings sprawled along the shore without order. In places, small rope-and-board bridges spanned sections that had fallen into the waves.
“Where do I go?” Lavinia asked, admitting she needed help.
“Stay to the starboard side. Head there, just off the channel. You see?” Ty said, pointing to a doubtful-looking mass of planks nailed haphazardly between old pilings.
“That’s where the merchant vessels tie up?” Lavinia asked, voice breaking with nervousness.
Ty looked at her grimly. “No, but it’s the closest to the channel and will be the fastest to leave from.”
The edges of Ria’s vision faded, the colors blending to white. She inhaled short gasps of sea-laden air while her stomach tumbled. Only the fear that she'd be ill if she opened her mouth kept Ria from asking Lavinia to sail them away.
Three men walked down the wharf as Lavinia stalled the sailboat off the dock. They confidently stepped across the missing planks with an easy swagger. His gaze not leaving the approaching men, Ty casually looped a rope around a nearly upright piling, not so much securing them as making certain the boat did not drift. 
“Do exactly as I say while we are here,” he said quietly.
Wide-eyed, Lavinia watched her brother over the dropped sail as she lashed it to the boom. Niri was pale, but her serene face did not betray any fears. Ria stared at Ty, as frightened of him as she was of the men walking down the dock. 
“Aye, what business do you have?”
The lead man stood over their small ship, coolly appraising it from the height of the dock. He hooked one thumb into the waist of his faded red, rough-woven pants, while his weight rested on his right leg in a casual pose. Muted brown hair fell to his cheeks, which showed two days’ worth of scruff.
“We have goods for the bazaar,” Ty answered calmly.
There was a slight glimmer to the man’s hazel eyes as he looked over Ty, then the air of nonchalance returned to his face. His eyes drifted between Ria and Lavinia. “Is that so? Anything good?”
“Odds and ends mostly; we need to clean out the boat.”
“Not selling her, are you?” the second man asked from where he stood a pace behind the first. Sandy blond hair trailed over one eager brown eye. His tan tunic had a slash of dirt across the front, while his pants were neither gray nor brown. They were the color of mud. 
Ty paused, his gaze shifting as he tried to judge what the man was referring to. The man’s eyes rested on the girls as much as on the ship.
 “No, the boat isn’t for sale.”
“Too bad. She is a slick little vessel,” the man replied, eyes laughing at some private joke.
The third man was hard to gauge. He stood well back from the other two. Built lithely with fine muscles that rippled under his deep black skin, his eyes took in everything. But his expression gave little in return. His clothes were dark, a sleeveless violet tunic with embroidery at the keyhole collar over black pants and boots. The fabric of his shirt was crisp as if still new. His eyes were the only ones that did not stare at the two girls. He met Niri’s gaze steadily.
“You’ll need to pay the normal dock fee, then,” said the first man, who looked to be the oldest, or at least the one in charge.
Ty did not hesitate. “I’ll pay you to watch the ship, too. We won’t be past sunset.”
The offer erased the dour look from the man’s face. “That would be all right. I’m Gaff. Causis and Hahri can help you take items up to the bazaar as well. You can pay me.” His grin was easy and gap-toothed, more troubling in the boyishness of it compared to the nefarious look the moment before.
Ty passed Gaff a handful of coins without even counting them. Ria watched the money they had spent the last two days earning disappear into Gaff’s shirt. Her lip quivered. Ria looked away, refusing to acknowledge the men or the town, wishing that would be enough to make both disappear.
Gaff vanished down the haphazard wharf. Sandy-haired Causis stood leering at the two girls while Hahri waited silently behind him. Ty tossed the bags they had sorted the night before and brought on deck at dawn at Causis’s and Hahri’s feet. Causis scowled but picked up his share. 
Ria picked up a small sack of fine cloth, walking down the rickety wharf as close to Lavinia as possible. Hahri and Causis neared the end of the dock and Ty moved quickly to stay with them. Ria’s stiff, stilt-like legs and the weight of the bundle twined in her arms caused her to overbalance at every missing plank. The water swirling over the rocks below snagged Ria's attention more than the haphazard boards. Niri’s hand on her shoulder kept Ria moving, giving her enough focus to keep from walking off the edge.
The relief of finding the muddy road under her feet fell away the instant the wind shifted. The smell of strong spirits and stale urine hit her with a sudden onslaught. She gagged this time for a reason other than nerves. Lavinia moved her bundle to her left hip, putting an arm around Ria. They sought comfort in each other's closeness amid the squalid harbor front. 
Hahri and Causis stopped long enough to adjust bundles before walking up the hill into town. Ty followed behind, catching up to their burdened pace. After a hesitation, Lavinia hurried after her brother, her arm pushing Ria ahead as well. Ria had a quick glance of Niri trailing behind before her attention fell on the town.
Dilapidated buildings with broken boards and missing, narrow windows lined the dirt road winding up the hill. Bottles were smashed into the muddy track. A rat dove under the corner of a building, something moldy in its mouth. Movement in an upper window caught Ria's attention. She found herself meeting the dull eyes of a girl about her age. Bruises marked her naked shoulder while lank hair fell to cover her breast. Rough hands covered the welt and pulled the girl out of sight.
Trembling so hard that she thought her bones would unravel, Ria pulled her eyes to Ty’s back and trudged ahead in a nightmare. Next to her, Lavinia shivered as well.
The abused wooden buildings gave way to low stucco structures and then larger ones of worn stone. Still far from elegant, these building at least gave a sense of purpose and organization. 
Ahead, Hahri opened a tall arched door set in a high wall. Causis and Ty slipped through without pausing. Ria raced through on Lavinia’s heels, who stopped so quickly Ria bumped into her. The bazaar of Sardinia swirled around them on the other side of the old stone wall. The winding narrow streets of chipped stone and stucco buildings echoed the shouts, music, laughter, and sales chatter of hundreds of vendors. Shop doors stood open, giving glances into the dark interiors of rug merchants and dimly lit cafés. Smoke from small cook fires along the street floated in the warming air. The smells of roasted coffee mixed with spices and cooked marinated meats mingled in the still morning. It was the largest and most vibrant market Ria had ever seen or heard of. She blinked in surprise.
“Where do you want to start?” 
It was the first time Hahri had spoken, his voice a low base that rumbled deep in his chest. After walking through the doorway to the market, Hahri stood behind Niri. Causis waited next to Ty, his gaze on Ria. Her cheeks flamed as she glanced away.
“I know someone. You will be able to leave us there. This way.” 
Ty led, moving along the bazaar with the ease of someone familiar with their surroundings. Lavinia stared at her brother, the bundle she carried scraping the ground. Ria felt more confused than reassured to find the market appeared to be simply a market.
But it was easy to be drawn in. An elongated red and orange demi-dragon twisted around the arms of a tattooed man, the rich colors of his skin blending with that of the chained beast. Birds in cages or with feet tied to sticks screamed and sang from one stall. In another, fire sylphs danced above their brass cages waiting to be sold. A man ran up to Ria holding out lengths of gleaming silver silk. His words were incomprehensible as he described the material in a language other than trade. Ria shook her head and looked away, seeing a young boy acrobat, wearing little more than paint, lithely tumbling forward from a handstand. It was marvelous and lurid, fantastical and deceptive. 
In the midst of it all, Ria felt like every eye turned toward her. Silk and jewelry, delicate shoes and fine dresses were whisked in front of her. She shied, wishing away the novelty of her delicate beauty. She didn't want to be noticed. Not here. Eyes from the shadows of stores assessed her potential. She could feel the stares pushing against her.
Assaulted by a new wave of merchandise thrust at her, Ria floundered, gesturing them away with her hands. The bag she was holding dropped and was scooped up before she could bend over. Tears of frustration filled her eyes as she stepped after it, only to be stopped by the surrounding wall of merchant men. Lavinia was not next to her, Ty nowhere to be seen.
Ria scrambled to step back, not knowing how she had become separated from them so quickly. But the men would not let her pass. A hand like a shackle closed over her wrist and pulled her sideways through the throng. Ty, noticing her absence, had come to collect her, she was sure. The relief that Ty had found her shattered as Ria found herself staring into Causis’s greedy brown eyes. His other hand cut off her scream as he dragged her forward toward the edge of the street. 
His grip was brutal. His hand crushed her wrist, bruising her flesh while the arm of the hand across her mouth felt like a steel band caging her chest. As he pulled her down an alley barely a doorway wide, Ria stumbled against him, feeling the length of his body against hers. She began to struggle, writhing and kicking. 
The hand over her mouth let go. Ria sucked in air before it was knocked out of her again by the hand across her face. 
“Stop it. You are worth more to me unblemished, but not by much,” Causis hissed into her ear. Spittle from his breath full of staleness and rot sprayed her cheek. He put his hand back over her mouth. Ria peered at him, so close to her face, from the corner of her eye. Her heart was a double beat without pause so that her whole chest ached. 
Something like acid rose below the fear, eating it away from the bottom up. Causis pulled her further forward. She bit his hand. Ria felt like she stood over a bonfire, flames of power rose up her legs, easing the pressure on her chest. She did not care what it would bring, she would crush this man who was assaulting her. 
Causis’s hand pulled back to strike her again. She pushed the power at him with her desire to see him die at her feet. Nothing happened. The power winked out, leaving her cold and alone. Terror throttled her throat as Causis’s hand fell toward her. 
Then he stopped. His face drained of blood, even his lips turning blue-white. Weakly, he clutched at his chest and staggered backwards into the wall behind him. Before Ria could react, Ty stood with a knife held to Causis’s throat. Trembling so hard she couldn’t stand, Ria slid down the wall, wrapping her arms around her knees. 
Above her, Ty’s knife bit a red line into Causis’s neck. “If I see you again, I will kill you,” he said.  
Eye to eye and inches from Causis’s face, Ty didn’t look like he wanted to wait. Every line on him was barely restrained fury. Ria did not recognize him. Ty turned and thrust Causis down the alleyway. Causis tripped, caught himself against the narrow wall, staggered once, and then took off running. 
Above Ria, Lavinia stood watching the knife in her brother’s hand. To Ria’s surprise, it wasn’t fear on Lavinia’s face, but envy. Lavinia’s empty hand curled closed before she shook herself and dropped to Ria’s side, wrapping Ria in her arms. Any desire Ria had felt to unwind in her friend’s arms dissolved. Stiffly, she let herself be held in her best friend’s embrace, her nervous gaze finding Niri a few steps away from the group. 
Niri’s face was downcast, but from where Ria sat on the ground, she could see lavender fading from Niri’s eyes. Ria wasn’t the only one who noticed. Hahri stared at Niri with blind hatred. He raised a balled fist. Ria struggled to pull out of Lavinia’s arms.
Ty turned, stopping with eyes narrowed as he took in Niri and Hahri. A bland calmness washed over Hahri’s face as he opened his fist.
“I never trusted him,” Hahri said, nodding in the direction Causis had gone. 
Ty ignored Hahri. Instead, Ty looked down at Ria, worry deepening his blue eyes. He reached to help her up. Ria shrank from his hand.
“We should go back, Ty. We shouldn’t have come,” Lavinia said, pulling Ria to her feet as Ty stepped back, face turned away. 
Ty didn’t answer. He watched both girls with his features set in a cold mask. Lavinia glared at her brother.
“It is too late for that,” Ty said, then to Hahri, “We’ll go on to the store.” Hahri bent, picking up the scatter of sacks without comment. Ty lifted one bag, then froze, his gaze on Niri.
Niri was a pale ghost of herself. She slumped against the wall of the alleyway, face toward the wall. Cautiously, Ty placed a hand on Niri’s arm. She flinched at his touch, but he did not take his hand away. She looked at him with murky brown eyes lined with tears. 
Ty paused as if uncertain what to do. Niri took the sack from his hand, holding it against her chest as she shuffled after Hahri. Ty watched her, his gaze leaping to where Hahri waited. Hurriedly, Ty picked up the last two sacks and gave one to Lavinia. With long strides, Ty darted after Niri and Hahri. 
Lavinia nudged Ria after Ty. "We have to go, Ria," Lavinia said, gently. 
At Lavinia's urging, Ria walked forward. Her gaze locked on bright color and movement. Beyond the mouth of the alley, the market swirled with people. Ria started to shake, feeling all the more exposed with nothing to carry.
“This time, stay together,” Ty said gruffly to them as he stepped into the main street of the bazaar.





Chapter 8
TY’S RETURN

Ty drew a ragged breath.
Slow down.
He shifted the sack of silver utensils to his other shoulder and tried to amble along. Ty could force himself to act calm, take steady breaths, but he could do little to soothe his racing pulse. Blood hammered in his ears.
The relief of knowing that Finneous would help them was a poor balm for what had happened in the bazaar. The red bruises on Ria’s face and arm and the loathing in her green eyes as she looked at him had wounded his soul more than he thought still possible. She had walked to the shop as if in a dream, guided more by Lavinia’s touch on her arm than conscious effort. Inside the cool dimness of the store, Ria looked through Ty as if he wasn’t there. It was all he could do to keep his voice steady when he spoke to Hahri.
“You can leave us here. Go back and keep an eye on our ship. We’ll be back before dusk.” Hahri’s eyes brushed over Niri as he turned and left.
The shop was empty, but Ty found Jistin in the back. The jaw-dropped, wide-eyed pause before Jistin hugged Ty with all he was worth was enough to make Ty smile again. He and Jistin were the same age and they had become fast friends on Ty’s visits to Sardinia. 
“I need your father,” Ty said to Jistin’s questioning stare. Worry replaced Jistin's joy. He nodded, leaving to retrieve Finneous.
Finneous must not have been far. He came into the shop with arms flung wide, smelling of spices and sweat. Finneous was unchanged. Heavyset, he wore what looked like the same cream tunic belted with a blue sash over his rotund stomach as the last time Ty had seen him. His maroon pants were nearly obscured under the shirt’s long hem and the knee-high leather boots. The sable-brown eyes set beneath his balding pate crinkled in the corners when he saw Ty, and he embraced him as if he was a second son.
“I did not believe Jistin when he wrote you were here, boy. You should not have come.”
Ty shook his head, glancing briefly toward Lavinia.
“We need your help, Finneous, or I wouldn’t have come.”
“Of course, boy. I’ll do what I can, of course.” 
“This is my sister, Lavinia, our family friend, Ria, and Niri. Finneous, we need to sell these goods. For your help, you can have twenty percent of what we get ... and Finneous,” Ty said, pausing with a look that was a cross between entreaty and apology. “We need to have it all done before the sun sets. You know I ... we can’t be here past sunset.”
Finneous blinked in the silence following Ty’s words, placing a hand on Ty’s shoulder. The grim light in his eyes contrasted with the unaffected smile on his lips. “You know you can count on me.”
Before they left, Finneous took the women up to his chambers above the store. It was the safest place Ty could think for them to be while they were in Sardinia. 
“You will be safe here for the day. I will send up my son, Jistin, to check on you in a few hours. He cannot speak but can hear and read, so let him know if you need anything. There is food, fruit, dates, and water through the other door. Use the beds; sleep, eat, and relax, please. You are welcome here.” Finneous hesitated a moment, hand resting on the handle to the door. “I do not think I need to tell you not to leave?”
Lavinia, his brave sister, shook her head silently. Through the closing door, Ty glimpsed Ria sink to her knees, hands covering her face. Framed by the trio of arched windows, Niri had been a shadow, impossible to gauge. 
Ty pulled himself out of his memories. His heart was still beating a staccato rhythm. The streets of Sardinia surrounded him and he was having a difficult time staying focused. He had nearly passed his turn. Now he paused. 
Two narrow streets opened before him. One to his right and the other diagonally ahead, both led into shadows despite the midmorning sun. The one angling away was the faster route to the merchant where he was heading, but he turned right. He had once seen blood spilled in the shorter path. It had been on his third visit to Sardinia when he was just learning that the life he had fallen into was worse than he had imagined.
They could have gone to Portoreayl.
Ty pushed his second-guessing aside. It was too late for that. The markets in Portoreayl sprawled along the city streets. If they had gone there, they might have sold most things in a few days. But Portoreayl was deep in the Archipelago of Bellaia, closer to the Temple of Solaire and often full of Priests and Priestesses. It would not only have added days to their journey, but would have been a risk at least as great as Sardinia. At least here he knew the places to avoid, areas where dark tastes were catered to and no one was safe.
The longer route Ty walked ran between the backs of several three-story buildings. No doors opened to the street and few windows. There was no good place for an ambush, unlike the twists and side paths of the other way. Ty moved quickly as a high wall replaced a building. His eyes slid to the narrow tip of it.
He had walked that wall on his first visit to Sardinia. What was a high wall to a boy accustomed to walking the rigging of sailing ships? What were heights scaled with only a rope? Nothing. The buildings did not move like a ship in the wind and waves. The feats he had been asked to do had been easy.
It had been simple to walk the wall and climb a rope tossed over the balcony a story above. Easy to slip into the upper levels and sneak downstairs to unlock the door. He knew that the men he was with, the men who had found him in Portoreayl when he had left his apprenticeship, were going to rob the place. Now, Ty wondered if that was all they did. He wasn’t sure. They had told him to wait outside as a lookout. He had been innocent then. It had only been his first visit to Sardinia.
The alleyway ended in a deserted street of the medina. Ty darted a glance in both directions before he ducked through an arched entry across the way. It led to another narrow passage. He swallowed as tension knifed down his back. So far, no one had recognized him. It was one of the benefits of Sardinia. Few of those who did business in the markets stayed or lasted long. Very few were established or trustworthy like Finneous.
The thought of Finneous reminded him of Ria and what had happened in the market. The sick feeling of when he realized Ria was missing filled him again. It had been instinct that turned him to dive into the thicket of the crowd as he realized Causis was gone as well. Ty would have chosen the alleyway if he was trying to smuggle someone away. When he saw Causis and Ria at last, he had felt powerless to stop the hand aimed toward her face. They stood too close together in the narrow street for Ty to throw the knife he’d pulled from his belt.
But Causis had stopped and fallen back as if struck. It gave Ty the time he needed to grab him. But something didn’t make sense in his memory. Linked to it was the threatening image of Hahri with a hand raised to strike as he glared at Niri, who stood staring at the pavers. 
Ty tripped on a loose cobblestone. He fell against a house, hitting his shoulder. He wrenched his thoughts from Niri and how strangely weak she had been. Almost in the same state as Ria or like her condition the morning they sailed into Dion.
Niri didn't need his help or protection. She was a Priestess. 
Ty pushed the memory away, forcing himself to believe what felt false. He needed all of his concentration for the day ahead.
The passageway ended off a main street to the bazaar in a quarter mile, far from Finneous’s shop. To his left, a battered dark-blue door stood propped open from the dingy stucco building. The interior was dark, but Ty knew the proprietor would be there. Ty had never met Ennis, but he had heard of him. Finneous had not argued against the visit. Still, fear was like ice sliding into his chest. Taking a deep breath, Ty pushed his way through the door. A knife stopped him just beyond the threshold. He froze at the feel of the blade against his neck.
“Your business?” The voice was matter of fact, almost bored.
“I have silver to sell. I want to see Ennis.”
The knife stayed a moment. The sack Ty carried was prodded once, the silver inside clinking.
“All right then, he is out back. Walk straight ahead.”
Ty did as he was told, not turning to glance at the man guarding the door. The skin between his shoulders itched as if the blade would strike him at any second. Sardinia had rules, but not everyone abided by them. No one did all the time. You just never knew in these streets when the random order of things would conspire against you.
The door ahead lay open. Through it, Ty found Ennis. He was a broad-shouldered man, strongly built, although aging. His skin was black but his eyes were milky white. It took Ty a moment to realize Ennis was blind. 
Ennis put down a silver goblet he studied, running his hands along the intricate design on the stem. His bald head turned toward where Ty stood.
“Yes?”
“I have silver. I was told you were the best man in the market to take it to.”
“Perhaps. Bring it here.”
Ty placed the sack in front of Ennis, pulling open the string. Ennis pulled out the pieces, setting them on the table before him with deliberate precision. Serving spoons, an ornate fork, three small plates, a full set of cordial glasses, everything was studied, weighed, and measured by careful fingers.
“Yes, I can take these. All real, very good. I’ll give you four hundred.”
Some of the tension left Ty. It was a good price. A fair price, even. He nodded, throat dry. The sudden smile on Ennis’ face made Ty realize his mistake.
“I ... of course.”
“It’s okay. I heard your shirt rustle. Didn’t think you’d refuse, not if you were in Sardinia selling silver.” The warmth of Ennis’s smile faded slightly. He sighed and pulled out a handful of coins.
As Ty left the shop, the guard was not visible at his post, although Ty did not doubt he waited nearby. The weight of the coin against his hip where it was hidden inside of his shirt was a comfort. One sale done. One step closer to leaving. Ty allowed himself a moment to hope before he took a deep breath and began the journey back to Finneous’s shop to pick up another bundle. 
Finneous had returned and left again before Ty came back for a second run. Jistin managed his father’s shop alone like the first time Ty had seen him.
“Finneous doing well?”
Jistin smiled with a nod toward a small bag on the desk. Ty picked it up, appreciating the clang of the coin. Finneous always managed better than Ty could ever hope. Luck found Finneous where it ignored Ty completely. He added his earnings to Finneous’s.
“Have you checked on my sister and Ria?”
Jistin shook his head. “Lunchtime,” he wrote. “They are still upstairs. Don’t worry.”
Ty blushed. He bent and picked up another bundle, this time of cloth and golden thread. Jistin grabbed his arm before he could leave.
The note Jistin pushed into Ty’s hand read, “Be careful. You shouldn’t be here.”
“I know.”
Ty turned and slipped out of the store.





Chapter 9
SARDINIA’S SHADOWS

Ria collapsed to the floor as Finneous shut the door. His warning about not leaving cut through Ria's insulating shock. She fell sobbing to her knees. As the door clicked closed, Lavinia sank to the floor to comfort her friend. Niri stood watching, feeling detached from them, her own body, this town, and what she had done to Causis.
“I don’t want to be here. I want to go home.”
“It’s okay, Ria. I’m here, I’ll protect you.” 
Ria pulled her hands from her face enough to give her friend a scathing look of disbelief. Lavinia’s face infused with color. She hesitated a moment before placing her arm back around Ria's shoulders.
“Ty,” Lavinia started, clearing her throat. “Ty will protect you. You know how much he cares about you.”
“Hah,” Ria choked. “Your brother is nothing more than a thief and a liar. What has he told you about where he has been? He certainly didn’t learn to put knives to people’s throats in Mirocyne or his apprenticeship, Vin. He isn’t who you think he is.”
Niri’s breath came quicker, pumping her chest as if the air was too thin. She stumbled backwards until she felt the blinds of the arched windows under her hands. She held on to the wooden slats with all her strength.
Lavinia’s expression was crushed. She shook her head as if to knock out Ria’s words. “How could you say that? He saved your life today!”
“If this gift was anything useful, he wouldn’t have to! I would have killed Causis myself.” Ria stood with the explosion of her words, rocketing into the depths of the house. With tear-stained cheeks, Lavinia followed at her heels.
Niri’s gut wrenched. Each word added to the spinning in her head. She stumbled blindly toward the sound of falling water, seeking the comfort of her element. Tripping, Niri found herself on a stone bench in the inner garden of Finneous’s house. Water fell in sheets from the roof of the arcade to narrow pools lining the inner courtyard. Sunlight glimmered on the protecting enchantment created by an Air Elemental which spanned the open roof like a glass ceiling, intensifying the fragrant smell of garden flowers. One thought filled Niri’s mind, cutting off the beauty around her: What monstrous thing was she?
When Ty came upstairs as evening’s shadows swallowed the inner garden, Niri’s thoughts had not improved. 
Ria and Lavinia, exhausted and then satiated after Jistin’s arrival with plates of spiced meat and rice, had fallen asleep on settees in the front room. Ty stood watching them a moment before glancing around and spotting Niri alone in the garden. He walked out and slouched onto the bench on the other side of the path, leaning against a jasmine tree. The scent of evening flowers showered on both of them as the tree took his weight.
Ty's silence roused Niri from her thoughts. She looked up to see Ty’s half-closed eyes on her. He appeared spent with his hair lank and the angry fire absent from this eyes. 
“How did it go?” Niri asked, her throat burning so that she had to whisper. She swallowed, trying to moisten it.
“All right; most is gone.” The weariness drained even Ty’s usual scathing temperament toward her, although he watched her closely. “And here?”
“Ria is doing better. She was upset but sleep and food helped. Lavinia is good at keeping her calm.”
Ty waited a moment. “And you?”
Niri met his gaze. He wasn’t mocking her. Unexpected tears flooded her eyes. She looked away. Ty moved swiftly to the bench next to her, placing one hand on her forearm as he had in the bazaar after ...
Niri’s mind shied away from the thought and then rushed back. The words started tumbling from her lips before she could catch them.
“I don’t know what I am. I can’t take it. I’m glad, so glad to have saved Ria. But what she said today, after what I did. But I didn’t mean to! And I stopped. Perhaps the Church is right. The best place for us is there. My skills need rules. They kept me from using them. I didn’t harm anyone ... just the children I took from their parents the way I was taken. Taken back to the Church to have rules beaten into them. But don’t you see? That is the only reason I didn’t take Ria today or at the ceremony in Mirocyne. I can’t take this, not being a Priestess, not being able to stop myself. But I can’t go back without Ria, and I can’t take her back to die. She had a right to be that angry at Causis.”
Niri finally paused, her eyes still held in Ty’s blue. He wiped the tears from her cheeks. 
“I really don’t understand what you just said,” he said, trying to be serious but laughter hovered on his lips. It choked off her sobs, welling up from her lungs so that they both coughed a laugh. Sober again, Ty stared at her, although not unkindly. “Other than saying you thought of taking Ria and didn’t ... you won’t, I hope.”
Niri shook her head. “No, I won’t consider it again. I realize now that I truly can’t see harm come to her, not by my hand. I know what I did to protect her today ... but that is what frightens me. If I have this ability and I’m not a Priestess ... what am I? I’m afraid I’m far more dangerous now than I ever was under the Church.”
The line between Ty’s brows deepened. “I don’t know what you mean. What did you do?”
Niri’s heart throbbed in her chest. She looked away, saying, “Tell me something first.”
“All right.”
“Jistin gave me this today at lunch when I asked him how he knew you.” 
Niri handed Ty the crumpled paper. He smoothed it open. On it in Jistin’s scrawl were the words, “He saved my life.”
Ty closed his eyes briefly, as if the words invoked a painful memory. Instead of answering, Ty glanced into the front salon, toward his sleeping sister.
“She doesn’t know. I didn’t show it to her,” Niri said.
“But you want to know?” Ty asked.“ Then you’ll tell me what you did?”
Niri’s eyes filled with tears again as she nodded.
Ty took a deep breath as he stared at the stones of the path. “I left the ship I had been apprenticed on.” He paused, shoulders squared to hold off the forthcoming criticism.
“I rather guessed that much.” Niri said, her sarcasm surprising even to her. Ty snorted, some of his tension fading.
Ty looked around the garden as if searching for words to continue. “I ended up with those men you saw in Mirocyne for a time. Small-time thieves, so I thought. I didn’t know what I was doing ... Jistin and Finneous were kind to me when we came to Sardinia. The men, they saw that as an opportunity." He peered toward the salon one more time, only continuing when he saw his sister still slept.
"Since Jistin knew me, I was to get him to let me in and then,” Ty's words choked off. He cleared his throat, the muscles of his neck tightening to cords as he struggled to continue. “He couldn’t call for help, you know?”
Niri offered her hand in sympathy. He took it, a smile flitting across his lips before being overrun by internal shadows.
“I couldn’t do it.”
“You warned them?”
Ty nodded. “I couldn’t be a part of it, not that. It meant I couldn’t go back. I had to run again.”
Ty had appeared tired before. After the short confession, he looked like he'd fought in a battle. He dropped Niri's hand as he leaned forward, resting his elbows on his thighs, wrists dangling toward the ground. Niri watched him, feeling like she was beginning to understand a small portion of Ty. It wasn’t what she had expected.
“You did something to Causis, didn’t you?” Niri felt the blood run out of her. “And Ria wanted to do something?”
“I don’t blame her. She felt her power. I think she nearly used it,” Niri sputtered. “I could see it all around her and then ... it was gone. I don’t know what she did. I don’t think she knows what she did. But suddenly she was just a very frightened girl trapped by Causis and there was nothing she could do.”
"But you could?"
“I,” Niri swallowed as her voice wavered. “I wanted to protect her ... and I felt the water in Causis’s blood." She paused, afraid to continue and admit what she had done, could do. "I stopped his pulse.”
Shock froze Ty’s face. He pulled away from her, eyes hardening. “Is that what they teach you in the Church? Your method of killing criminals?”
“No! Don’t you see? That is what I mean. All I could do in the Church was purify water, call rain, move water for irrigation. I had no idea, Ty,” She pleaded, feeling lost and confused. “All I ever did as a Priestess was water crops and steal children from their families. I’m lethal now, more than I ever was as a Priestess.”
Ty stared at her, the distance remaining in his expression. It spawned a desire to run. Niri did not need to stay. Not if she was just as dangerous as the Curse. Niri bolted to her feet. Ty caught her hand.
“No, Niri.” She struggled against him so that he had to wrap her in his arms, pinning her against his chest. She sobbed into his shoulder. “Don’t you see? You did stop yourself. You didn’t kill him, and neither did I.”
Niri quieted as Ty’s reason pushed through her internal fog. He relaxed his hold and exhaled a sad laugh. “I’m starting to think neither of us is as bad as we think,” he confessed.
“Hah. What, your return to the streets of Sardinia didn’t make you want to come back for good?”
Ty grimaced, then laughed again. “No, I think I’ve realized how much this doesn’t suit me, actually. I feel older than Finneous.”
A knock sounded at the archway to the courtyard garden. Ty and Niri jumped away from each other, both blushing. At the door, Jistin stood grinning. He motioned for them to follow, laughing silently at the embarrassment on Ty’s face.
Finneous was walking through the door when Ty and Niri entered the salon, while Ria and Lavinia stretched themselves awake, glancing out the windows at the dimming light. Realizing the hour and that her brother was back, Lavinia sat up quickly.
“That is the best we can do for today,” Finneous said to Ty by way of greeting. Finneous’s eyes swept over the two girls, whose cheeks were rosy from sleep. “Such beauty and youth! I wish I could have spent the day in your company.” There was a hint of sadness in his eyes, changing the flattering tone into something more poignant. 
“I will buy the rest off of you for a reasonable price,” Finneous went on. Ty opened his mouth to protest, but Finneous continued with a chuckle, “Minus my commission, I assure you.”
Ty shook his head. “I cannot thank you enough, Finneous.”
“It is a good deed returned, boy. You should go now, before it gets late.” He handed Ty a bag clinking with coin. It was more than they had earned in Dion and Kyrron combined. Ty slipped it around his neck.
They were downstairs in a hurry after quick hugs for the women from both Jistin and Finneous. Jistin winked at Niri, so that she blushed again. Then they were standing in the nearly deserted road of the bazaar outside Finneous’s store. Ria’s face paled as she looked down the shadowed streets. She leaned toward Lavinia. 
“This way,” Ty said, setting off at a fast pace. Lavinia nudged Ria ahead. Niri followed as they wove quickly through the darkening bazaar. Merchants cast furtive glances at them, and late patrons became less and less innocent-looking, hidden in hoods or turning their faces away as they stayed to the deeper shadows. Most barely glanced at them. Those who did let their eyes linger speculatively.
Ty turned down a narrower side alley. He was halfway along it, the girls on his heels, when an arm reached from the darkness of a doorway and grabbed Niri roughly. 
“Don’t!” Niri twisted, wrenching the person accosting her into the alley. She stared as she recognized Hahri while her shout resonated through the empty street, halting Ty. 
Hahri’s face no longer held the passive distance it had contained during the morning. Twisted with hatred, he glared down at Niri, ignoring Ty and the girls. Ria muffled a scream as she pushed herself into Lavinia. Lavinia stepped closer to Ty, blocking his way to Niri and Hahri. He swore under his breath.
Niri glared at Hahri, not squirming despite his bruising grip. She met his eyes coldly. His look changed to one of disgust.
“Priestess,” he spat.
“I’m rogue,” she answered without hesitation.
Hahri paused, considering her again. “You trained with them. You are one of them,” his voice condemned her.
Niri barked a laugh. “A Priestess of the Church of Four Orders would not have allowed you to touch her, much less be slinking about at dusk with three youths and no escort.” 
Doubt passed like a shadow across Hahri’s face. His eyes flicked to Ty and the girls and back again. “You are not here to poison the rest of the wells?”
Niri took a step back in surprise, Hahri releasing her. “What? No! How ... Why?” 
Hahri remained silent as Niri’s surprise diminished. He watched her, expression a mixture of amusement and disdain. “Yes, didn’t you know that your compatriots did such things? Poison wells if they did not get the tithes they required? Or burn down houses in the middle of the night? So many things your kind can do.” Hahri stepped forward, his anger tingeing the air around him.
But Niri wasn't looking at Hahri. Pieces of memories stitched together; things she hadn’t understood until that moment and hadn't wanted to. Even she had always returned to Solaire after a ceremony with claimed, gifted children and the ship's cargo full. She'd never questioned why or how. She refocused on Hahri with sick certainty. If he wanted to strangle her, she wouldn't fight.
The warmth of Ty’s hand against her back brought a spark to life in her again. His presence reminded her that she could choose differently, no matter the choices before.
“No, I did not know that,” she replied, voice unsteady.
“My family has had to evaporate seawater to drink for five months,” Hahri growled. With Ty behind her, she held her ground. Hahri’s glare switched to Ty.
“And you! Do you know they are looking for you? That you are a wanted man with a price on your head? They are waiting to overtake you on the way back to your boat. Gaff told some associates of your former friends that you were here today for a cut of the money promised for you. Tell me why I should not call them now and give you to them?”
Ty's warmth disappeared. Niri turned to him, but his downcast eyes slid toward his sister. Niri’s heart pounded as she recognized the plan forming in his eyes.
“Because then I cannot purify your well,” Niri said quickly before Ty could speak. Both men stared at her in surprise. “I am a naiad. I can purify water. I can help, but only if you do not let them harm any of us.”
Hahri opened his mouth and closed it again. He gazed over his shoulder down the alley toward the barely visible gate to the bazaar and the docks.
“You would do this?” he asked quietly. His eyes, a deeper brown than his skin, bored into her.
“Yes, if you see us safely to our boat afterwards and help us leave. I will purify any well you show me.”
The change in emotion revealed the lines of suffering Hahri had masked with his withdrawn disdain. Wrinkles etched themselves at the corners of his eyes and pulled down his mouth.
“Yes, if you do this, I will get you to your ship safely. But we must hurry.” Hahri peered over his shoulder again. The alley had fallen into deep shadows. “They will come looking for you soon. Follow me.”





Chapter 10
POISONED WATER

Hahri led them back through the bazaar to a different gate, one that opened not to the docks but to a small community of one-story wooden buildings. All had small windows and strong doors. In the early dusk, few people travelled the streets here, far from the commercial area of the bazaar. Lights dimly glowed from the windows of what Lavinia realized were homes. They stopped before one, Hahri glancing back along the street before he opened the door.
“Sahrai?” he called softly. 
His wife emerged from the back of the house wearing a flowing indigo robe belted at her slim waist with a saffron sash. The joy in her face changed to worry at the sight of Ty and the three women behind him. Curious about the lives of people who lived and worked in Sardinia, Lavinia didn’t realize the bundle of fabric in Sahrai’s arms contained a baby until Hahri pulled back the cloth and touched his son’s face. 
The baby stayed silent. That was what struck Lavinia first. He was a slight boy, only about five or six months old, but Lavinia couldn’t understand the silence. All of her nieces and nephews had gurgled and grabbed for their parents, but not the boy Hahri introduced as Kabutu. 
Niri turned ashen when she saw the baby. Lavinia did the math in her head as well. Kabutu must have been born just before the well had been contaminated, before life became so much more difficult. In quiet tones, Hahri told his wife about Niri. Sahrai’s eyes changed from fear to worry and finally to hope.
“You are a Priestess?”
“I was, yes.” Niri paused. “I’m sorry for what happened. I had no idea such things were done.”
Hahri stood protectively next to his family. “How do you think the Church pays for their ships, their clothes? Where do you think the food they eat comes from? What do you think happens when someone cannot pay, or refuses?” His voice was accusing, not granting her innocence due to her ignorance.
In the silence that followed as Niri stared chastised at the floor, Sahrai spoke, “You can really do this?”
“Yes, but if they come back, you should hide what I’ve done to protect yourselves. They will be angrier to learn the well was purified.”
“We can take care of it. Do not worry about us.” A resourceful independence filled Hahri’s face. It was a confidence that Lavinia yearned for and had not realized that she did until she saw it worn by Hahri. Ty carried it as well when he sailed, Niri when she used her skills to call water. Lavinia could not imagine what it felt like to have that certainty.
“It will be easier if I am near the well.”
Hahri nodded and, along with his wife and child, led them from the house and through the night-shrouded streets. Ty let them walk a dozen steps ahead before he whispered to Niri, “Are you sure about this?”
“Do you have any ideas that don’t involve telling us to leave you here to your fate while we keep going?” Niri shot back, casting Ty, who walked next to her, a glance from the corner of her eye.
“No,” he chuckled.
“Ty, I can do this.” Niri paused the space of a breath. “I need to do this,” she said to him, gaze sober. Ty nodded. His hand brushed her shoulder. 
Lavinia felt the road drop out from under her feet. She reached for Ria’s hand, surprised not to stumble. But it wasn’t really the dark road that felt suddenly unreal.
When Lavinia had woken in the front salon of Finneous’s house, it had been obvious to her that something had changed with Niri. The aloofness with which Niri normally held herself was gone, replaced with bright eyes and a perceptive wit. Lavinia was only beginning to see that something in Ty had altered as well. There was tension in him, but not anger. Lavinia wondered what had happened while she and Ria slept.
“How far is it?” Ria asked, her voice tremulous.
“Not far. I can feel the vein of water just ahead. It goes deep into the rocks of the peninsula.” 
A flash of yearning clouded Ria’s face. Lavinia looked away. The ocean glimmered on her left, barely visible tonight with only a sliver of the moon hanging in the sky. They were a few hundred feet above a stretch of beach the tide swirled against, sounding gentle and soothing as it swept across the sand. Against the whiteness of the beach, dark lines of narrow fishing boats rested above the high-tide line. It reminded Lavinia of Mirocyne and the fishmongers there. This part of Sardinia was no different from home.
Lavinia tasted the tainted water before she saw the well. A metallic tint coated her lips, the air smelling of rotten eggs mixed with bitter almonds. Hahri and Sahrai stopped before an opening between two houses. In the deeper night between the two buildings, Lavinia saw the low stone wall of the well. Buckets were scattered across the ground, tipped over and abandoned. 
Niri walked forward first, placing her hands on the worn, waist-high lip and leaning over to peer into the water. Sahrai shifted uncomfortably and glanced at her husband. Ty joined Niri, standing by her side. Hesitantly, Ria walked to Niri’s other side, as if to learn by watching. Lavinia waited a moment before joining Ria. She looked across at her brother. His attention was on Niri.
Lavender and aqua blue suffused Niri’s eyes. All of her attention lay on the water before her. The sick smell was so strong that Lavinia held her breath, struggling to take in the vile air only when her lungs cried with need. Niri reached a hand over the water.
“It is poisonous. Do you need to touch it?” Sahrai asked, dark eyes wide as she held Kabutu closer to her chest.
“Do not worry. It will not harm me.” 
Niri’s voice murmured and flowed, transformed by her skills. Despite her reassurance, Ty shifted uncomfortably when she skimmed her hand over the surface and winced as if the water stabbed her. Niri shook off her hand, opening and squeezing it closed the way Lavinia had seen her grandfather do when poor weather troubled his joints.
“Whatever it is, it is strong,” Niri said to Ty.
“Can you find the source?”
Niri’s voice was fainter when she answered. “It is not in the well but somewhere deeper in the bedrock, I think.”
Her eyes focused not on the water but somewhere else that only she could see. Ria stared at the water too, a cross look marring her face. Niri straightened in surprise, blinking her eyes to focus, although the strange pale light did not fade.
“The Priest who came, he was from the Order of Earth?” Niri asked Hahri, voice bubbling the question.
“Yes, the ground trembled at his word.”
Niri frowned at the water before her. 
“What’s wrong?” Ty whispered to Niri.
“I hadn’t thought the poison would be caused by a different element. I assumed,” Niri shook her head. “I found a fault deep in the veins of water that form the well, a rent in the rocks that has not been worn smooth. It is jagged and the impurities are strongest there.”
At her explanation, Ty looked beyond Hahri to the beach further down the hill as if to judge the distance. Tension laced up his arms. Hahri shifted uncomfortably.
Niri’s eyes unfocused again, her attention returning to the source of the problem. “The pocket isn’t big, but I can’t close it. It will take years to dispel, maybe longer since the well isn’t being used.”
Hahri wrapped an arm around Sahrai, turning his face into the darkness. But Niri smiled as she leaned over the water.
“I can dissolve all the impurities and flush the well,” Niri exclaimed to Ty.
“Are you sure?” Ty asked at the same time Ria barked, “How?”
“You'll see.”
Niri closed her eyes and bent over the polluted water. On the well's surface nothing changed, but the hairs on Lavinia’s arms rose. Her skin tingled as though an invisible storm swirled around her. 
A bubble burst on the surface of the well, then a second. Within moments, the water began to spin lethargically. Ty and Lavinia stepped back in surprise. Only Niri and Ria remained next to the well as the water spun faster. Ria watched Niri with transparent awe. 
The well swirled into a maelstrom of turgid water, a funnel forming in the center of the whirlpool. The odors of almonds and sulfur flooded the air so that Lavinia gagged and coughed. Ty covered his mouth with his shirt. Lavinia could not imagine how Niri and Ria could stay so close when the heavy air suffocated her every breath.
Niri opened her eyes, the color in them so intense they were like twin lavender stars. “All of the poison is in the well now,” she said, voice rippling like the pounding tide.
“Flood it and send it to the sea,” Hahri said from behind her.
“No, it is too much. It will poison the bay and kill the fish. What good returned would that do you? It must go deep, somewhere where it will take years to slowly leak toward the surface,” Niri whispered, closing her eyes again.
The spinning stopped. Not a drop of water splashed toward the rim. It was as if the whole well had frozen in an instant or had never spun in the first place. Then the water level dropped a foot.
“How?” Ty asked, stepping forward to stare into the well.
“I’m pushing it into the bedrock,” Niri replied, but her voice was pained.
“If it is too much?” Ty asked, glancing at Hahri, who had a similar worry in his eyes.
Niri shook her head. “Illusion, not physical. I feel the poison like a knife, but a blade cannot harm water.” Niri answered as if trying to convince herself. “The impurities want to precipitate out as I push down, and they are so sharp.”
A tear glinted on Niri's lashes. She took a deep breath as the water bubbled as if it boiled. Niri leaned forward as though she would push the fluid down with her body. The water in the well dropped twenty feet at once, exposing the rough rocks that lined the well below the surface. The force of the water Niri pushed into the bedrock caused the ground to shudder like a small earthquake. The echoing sound of dripping water reverberated up from the well’s depths. The spring that had fed it fell into the emptiness as an underground waterfall, washing the sides clean. 
Niri was tired. Even in the darkness, Lavinia could tell. She no longer leaned over the empty well so much as slumped. The sound of falling water increased in intensity as Niri pushed herself upright on quivering arms. The sound echoed off the walls and into the night like a small stream at flood. Some of the weariness left Niri’s face, replaced by a satisfied calm.
Lavinia watched the dark water lap the stones as it rushed toward the top of the well. She didn’t know when it had changed, but she realized the metallic taste was gone from the air along with the potent smell. The space between the buildings now held the scent of spring rain.
The rising water brushed the rim of the well and spilled over, tumbling onto Lavinia’s feet. She jumped back. Sahrai, though, tossed back her head and laughed as water soaked the hem of her robe as it rushed past her ankles. She pulled Kabutu from her shawl and set him in the cascade. The little boy giggled as he reached to grab the sheet of water and found it slid through his fingers. 
The permeating smells, rumbling, and running water had brought out other villagers as well. They crowded forward as the water ceased to flow over the rim. In the shuffle, Ria and Lavinia were cut off from Ty and Niri. Lavinia beat down a fledgling sense of panic.
She turned to grasp Ria’s hand and found her frozen in place. In the darkness, Ria’s face was as pale as her hair, her features tight and eyes wide. 
“We need to get to Niri,” Ria gasped.
“Everything’s fine, Ria. No one will hurt you here. This isn’t the market.”
Ria shook her head with a jerky motion. “Only she can protect me. She did something to Causis. I know she did. I saw her eyes.” Ria grabbed onto Lavinia’s forearm with a bruising force.
It was the second time that day that Lavinia felt helpless to aid her friend. She swallowed a bitter mixture of wounded pride and helplessness, covering Ria’s hand on her arm with her own. Lavinia pushed through the crowd that was now drinking and splashing in the water as if it was a celebration. When Lavinia made her way to the other side with Ria in tow, she found Hahri talking to Ty and Niri. 
“I cannot thank you enough,” Hahri said to Niri. 
Niri shook her head wearily. She had one hand on Ty’s shoulder as she leaned slightly into him, his arm around her for support.
Lavinia blinked rapidly. Ria let go of her hand and a small sense of relief flooded Lavinia as she anticipated Ria hurrying to Ty. He would hold her closer than he held Niri. Lavinia was sure of it. She didn’t know what to think when Ria grabbed onto Niri’s free hand with the enthusiasm of a child for her favorite aunt. Lavinia stared at Ria in confusion
“We will get you to your boat now, as I promised,” Hahri said.
Sahrai swept Kabutu up from where he played in the puddles around the well. Her robe was damp to her waist, and the sopping wet Kabutu looked ready to soak her top and shawl, but she didn't appear to mind. Sahrai pushed back her midnight-dark hair, the strands sticking to her wet hand.
“Thank you,” she said to Niri, giving her a half hug, both nonplussed by the moisture. “Be careful, my husband,” Sahrai said to Hahri as she kissed his cheek. 
Hahri found three other men to join them as they headed toward the beach. Two of the long and narrow fishing boats were flipped over and hauled to the surf. Lavinia’s feet felt heavy on the pebbly sand. Seeing her hesitation, one of the men misunderstood.
“We know our way, even at night. We often leave before dawn. Don’t worry.” 
Lavinia nodded, not sure she could explain the strange doubts filling her. One boat was ready and Ty steadied Niri as she stepped in. Ria hopped in on Niri’s heels, leaving Ty blinking. He helped push the first boat into the waves before splashing through the water to join Lavinia where she sat in the other boat.
Ty, soaked to the skin between the well and the waves, couldn’t help spraying water with his every move. Lavinia shied away from him and he shook his damp hair at her with a grin. 
“I’m surprised you didn’t want to go in Niri’s boat as well," Lavinia snipped.
Ty looked at her from the corner of his eye, no longer playful. The boat rose as the bow cut through the crest of a wave. With one man on each end of the boat, they were quickly moving past the breakers into the smoother water of the bay.
“Vin, are you all right?”
It wasn’t the defensive response she expected. 
“I…” Lavinia lost what she was about to say as the boat took the brunt of another wave. She fell into her brother. Ty caught her, keeping her close as he had done when they were children and she had tipped her small sailboat and swamped it along the shore. Lavinia held onto her brother, who didn’t seem all that different in the dark, while the small boat floated into an unfamiliar bay full of rocks and night-shrouded narrow passages.





Chapter 11
DELAYED HOMECOMING

“ ... not in the bazaar, I’m sure of it.”
“Gaff said they didn’t leave by the main gate ...”
The voices floated over the sound of the waves slapping stones amid the rickety pilings of Sardinia’s harbor.
The two boats navigated between rocks that rose out of the darkness with little warning. They slipped along the ramshackle wharves, passing under the wharves between large gaps in the pilings. Niri glimpsed stars through the haphazard boards that stitched a path down the docks.
Everything appeared empty and silent with just the occasional shout or refrain of music heard from the businesses near the docks. But as they neared the last set of wharves, the sound of voices became more consistent over the waves.
Niri ached from head to toe as if whipped. Exhaustion overtook the deep sense of right which had come from undoing the sadistic poisoning of the well. She had never done anything like that before. At times while she was fighting to keep the impurities in suspension as they stabbed at her power, she thought she would not succeed. The pain as she struggled with the polluted water while it warped and twisted the humming that liquid caused in her blood had nearly drowned her. It seemed no small feat that she sat in the narrow boat, knee to knee with Ria. 
Figures, barely seen in the dark night, moved quietly along the dock. The largest group was gathered near shore. Two left the milling group and walked up the hill into town. Niri’s heart beat quicker. 
The two fishing boats drew side by side under the tenuous shelter of the next-to-last wharf. For the moment, the hull of another boat hid them from shore. But over a hundred feet of open water separated them from the last dock and the Grey Dawn. Even with the almost moonless night, the distance was too far. They would be seen.
“There they are, running down the beach!”
Niri’s heart double beat before she realized that the directions did not point to where they bobbed on the waves. Figures peeled off down the shore path after a few shadowy figures racing over the dim sand. The fishing boats lunged forward in the opposite direction, as paddles dug in and propelled them toward their ship.
Ty was first up the side of the Grey Dawn, clambering up the wooden hull with familiar ease despite the dark and the distance.
“They were from your village?” Ty asked Hahri.
“Yes, don’t worry. They will be quick, blending into the night and the pursuit. But you should leave now.”
“We will, thank you,” Ty replied, reaching for his sister’s wrists. With a well-practiced motion, Ty pulled her up as she pivoted with one foot on the boat’s hull.
Hahri’s boat drifted away, bringing Niri’s alongside. Niri steadied Ria as she stood uncertainly on the seat of the narrow boat, reaching up toward Ty. He caught her just as the boat dropped under her feet in the trough of a swell. She struggled with feet dangling in air and only Ty to keep her from falling. When she was finally on deck, she angrily pulled away from Ty’s hold. 
Niri sensed the sea around her as if it was her soul. The bobbing boat could not trip her. She felt every wave, was part of every drop of water. With the lift of an incoming crest, Niri added to it. The gap between fishing boat and deck closed and Niri made a leap. She caught the rigging to the mast in her left hand while her feet found the ship’s rail. Waiting for her but not quite ready, Ty instinctively reached out, his hands encircling her waist. Standing on the rail of the ship, she was equal in height to him. They found themselves with only a breath of wind between them for the second time that day. Too surprised to say anything, Niri froze.
Ty hesitated a moment before stumbling back to let her step over the rail. 
“Thank you, Hahri. Blessings to you and your village.”
“Blessings to you and your journey, Niri. Stay well,” Hahri replied. His voice floated in the dark, Niri uncertain which of the four men was him. The narrow fishing boats drifted further away, blending into the dark night and the waves.
“Cast off the ropes, quietly,” Ty whispered to his sister. Lavinia was a not-quite-so-deft shadow of her brother as she moved silently around the boat, dropping the dock lines and freeing the sail. The rigging to the boom creaked like a banshee. Niri winced. 
Niri put her hand on Ty's arm to capture his attention. "I will take us out," she whispered as she called her power. The boat stopped drifting and moved along the harbor channel as if under a ghostly sail. 
Lavinia and Ria sat on the cockpit benches. Ty stayed next to Niri, one hand on the ropes for the rigging as if ready to pull them if needed. The boat picked up speed, slipping past boulders and debris. Twice Niri held a swell at its height to give them enough water to pass over rocks. The immensity of the ocean mingled with her power and held her exhaustion at bay. 
When Niri released her hold on the ocean, the town was only a faint speck of light on the hill above the peninsula. Beyond the point of land, the wind was strong, blowing to the south. Weariness swamped her. She sat, unable to imagine changing the tide to pull the boat forward during the long night ahead.
“Where do we sail?” she asked.
“Tiero, I think. We can resupply there,” Ty answered.
Niri straightened her slouch. “Tiero? That ... that is where I was born.”
“Your home?” Ria asked.
“I guess. I haven’t seen it since the Church came for me when I was nine. I haven’t thought of it in all this time. Even in all the years I sailed by it on my way to the Sea of Sarketh,” Niri said, thoughts cutting off her words. The blindness forced into her by years of training with the Church chilled her. 
“You haven’t seen your family since then? They must miss you!” 
Ria’s innocent voice pricked open a longing in Niri she hadn’t known she contained. A flood of old memories washed over her. Returning home had once been her greatest wish, years ago. She'd forgotten.
Glancing from Niri to her brother’s exhausted face, Lavinia said, “Very well, Tiero it is. I can take it tonight then.”
Ty blinked at Lavinia as she snatched the rope out of his hand. Niri roused from her thoughts. She hadn’t sailed with Lavinia before and wondered how it would go. Especially considering how tired she felt. As Niri gathered her power, Lavinia spoke again.
“Actually, both of you can go below. Tiero isn’t that far. We can make it in this wind without any aid. Ria and I slept half the day. Ty, did you even eat?”
Ty continued to stare at his sister until he laughed. He shook his head and kissed Lavinia on her forehead. “I'm too tired to argue. Do you need anything?”
Lavinia grinned into the wind. “I have Ria. We’ll be fine.”

—

Sunlight filled the portholes in Niri’s front cabin when she opened her eyes. Her exhaustion was diminished, although something stung in her blood. She would not complain if she did not have to use her power for a day or two. 
The Grey Dawn sliced through the waves, rising and falling beneath her as she lay in her bunk. It was similar to the connection she felt with the ocean when she used her powers, but was separate and less personal. Niri’s mind floated in the brightening light until voices on deck made her realize it was later than she thought and reminded her what the day would bring. 
“Where do you plan on docking?” Ty asked, his question rolling Niri out of bed. She did not hear Lavinia’s answer as she wrestled with her clothing, feeling the shock of the cool silk anew after years of wearing the rough-woven robes of a Priestess. Hurriedly dressed, she stumbled on deck at last.
Lavinia looked tired after her night’s sail. Still in command of the ship, she sat with her face to the rising sun. The wind whipped her hair over her shoulder in dark rivulets. Behind her, the early light illuminated the finger of the Archipelago that stretched out into this piece of water between the Sea of Sarketh and the Ocean of Ilaiya. The lushly forested green hills and red headlands were tinted gold and scarlet in the brightening day. Ahead across a stretch of lavender sea was the rising mound of an island. Niri’s childhood home of Tiero lay before them.
Captivated by the sight, Niri watched the tropical foliage and off-white stone buildings with their lofty open walls come into view as they sailed closer. She had never sailed the harbor as a child except for the time she left, so she recognized no buildings. But already the smell of soil and flowers carried across the water was more familiar to her than even the Temple of Solaire. Niri's heart soared. 
Lavinia brought the ship in to the dock without any correction from Ty. She returned his easy grin tenfold as she stalled the boat a hand’s breadth from the creamy white, stone wharf. Like the city, the docks were ancient. Arched columns plunging into the harbor’s depths supported the weight of the wharf. They tied the Grey Dawn to a ring held in the mouth of a stone lion; the stone bust so old that tawny brown paint was barely visible in the waves of its mane. Birds and animals called from the dense jungle that skirted the old stone city, the sound competing with the wash of waves.
“I’ll go to the market with Niri, if that’s all right,” Ria said, reading the list of needed items Ty had given her.
Niri hesitated. “My list will take me to the far side of the city, I think. You were helping Lavinia all night. Why don’t you just get your supplies and come back and rest? You don’t need to follow me around all day.”
Ria nodded without enthusiasm. “We can go together, Ria,” Lavinia said cheerfully with a nudge of shoulders. Ria flickered a half-smile. Ty watched Niri a moment before returning his attention to his list.
Despite what she had told Ria, the errands did not take Niri more than two hours. Her recollections of the town grew with each passing street as she trod paths dimly remembered. Finally, Niri directed the last item to be wrapped and waiting for her. She turned her steps up the hill toward the oldest part of the city. Here the streets were so ancient and worn that the spaces between pavers, made of the same shell-colored marble as the buildings, were invisible. The street appeared as one solid piece of stone carved flat by thousands of feet and myriads of storms.
Stylistically more frugal than those near the docks, the buildings on the hill rose to towering heights as if mimicking the mountainside on which they were built. Any remnants of paint hid in shadowed and protected corners, leaving the natural soft hues of the stone alone to embellish carved accents. Roofs of the same chiseled marble fed into elaborate gutters to channel away the frequent misty rain. Niri remembered dodging streams of water jetting from them as a little girl.
But her memories were old and from the perspective of a young child. She could not tell if the city had changed much in the fifteen years she had been away. But she began to recognize what once was familiar: a glimpse of a garden behind a metal gate where she had played with a childhood friend and the stately fountain at the crossroads of two wide boulevards. 
Niri’s family had been of high standing in the city government. Her grandfather had been the town elder when she was taken away. The house where she grew up sat near the large public piazza, high on a hill overlooking the sea and the Archipelago. She took a turn by instinct to walk down an alley and along the side of her family’s house and property. As a child, she had rarely used the front door and barely recalled the colonnaded facade.
But the garden she recognized. Her hand trailed along the brightly flowered and fine-leafed hedge growing over the low stone wall which lined the alley. Niri remembered when the leaves had been beyond her youthful reach. So many memories of a childhood nearly forgotten elicited a constricting ache across her chest. She slowed on the infrequently used path. 
“Dearest, hurry, please.”
The voice startled Niri out of her revere. She recognized it. It was her mother. Niri raced down the alley, her eyes straining to see over the top of the hedge.
The narrow garden alongside the house opened up to a large lawn bordered by trees on three sides. The back of the three-story house with its walls of open arches made the fourth. A small pool shimmered in the sun at its foot. Nestled in a wide patio, the stone tiles around the water petered off in the grass just beyond the house’s shadow.  Close to the trees, a pergola covered in flowering vines stood. Arms crossed over her gauzy coral dress belted in an X from bosom to waist, Niri’s mother stood in the sunlit grass. She looked toward the house with a mother’s patience near its end.
Niri’s heart soared to see her mother. She was older and her hair straighter and grayer. She was not the perfect, un-aging woman of Niri’s memory. But she was real and only a dozen yards away. Then with sudden force, Niri’s spirits crashed. Her mother wasn’t calling for her to come. She waited for someone else.
Her mother didn't know Niri was there, couldn't know. Despite the logic of it, tears stung Niri’s eyes at the realization.
Her mother sighed, dropping her hands in exasperation. She turned and walked under the pergola into the thick shade. No longer fixated on her mother, Niri could see the table decorated with white linen, flowers, and fruit in the flickering shadows. In the moving dark, her eyes found a man sitting at the table. He looked so much like her memories of her grandfather that Niri was confused for a moment. The eyes were her father’s, though. Her father sat only a dozen yards away. Heart hammering, she wondered for the first time if her grandfather was still alive.
Unsteady, Niri reached a hand to the high wall on the far side of the alley. Her vision blurred. Through the tears in her eyes, she watched a young woman walk from the house. Her pace was hurried but careful due to an oversized bowl she carried. She smiled gaily despite the caution in her walk, her summer-blue dress swirling with each step. Long hair ruffled out around her face, lighter and redder than Niri’s, but the dark brown eyes framed by long lashes were the same. Niri’s heart skipped a beat at the beautiful young woman her little sister had become.
A young man walked from the pergola to meet her, taking the dish from her arms as he leaned down to kiss her lips lightly. She beamed when she looked at him. Dark-haired and with the same warm skin tone typical of the islands, he was athletically built, standing a hand taller than her sister. The deep green tunic he wore was richly embroidered at the wide oval neck and the hem at mid-thigh. His sandals’ straps laced up to his calves below the knee-length pants common to the often muddy and rain-swept island. Niri sighed as his features softened into something greater than physical beauty as he gazed at her sister. 
“You are late,” he teased her as they turned to finish the last of the distance together. 
“I know something that will appease her,” Niri’s sister answered, taking his arm now that he carried the bowl. He chuckled in response, the sound drifting across the lawn. Niri’s father stood and took his youngest daughter in his arms. Still tall, his shoulders under the deep lavender tunic were not as straight as Niri remembered. He cupped his daughter’s cheek affectionately before letting her go. 
Niri’s heart hurt so much she didn’t think it could withstand more pain. The rushing of her pulse and the inability to breathe kept her feet frozen and voice silent. She felt like a ghost come back to see her loved ones a last time.
“There she is!” Her father’s voice boomed across the lawn just as Niri remembered it.
“Nirisine, come! It is time to eat, not play.”
Her sister’s voice was full of laughter. Niri watched a little girl with raven-dark hair run through the grass after a ball. She was only a few feet on the other side of the hedge, but her attention stayed on retrieving her toy. She didn't notice Niri in the shadows. Not more than four and still a little chubby, the girl was slimming out to an active youth.
“Coming, Mama!” the little girl chirped in a high soprano.
She grabbed the ball and ran barefoot across the lawn, her light-green dress streaming behind her. Niri’s mother stepped into the sunlight, her face radiant with joy as she bent down and opened up her arms for the little girl.
“Come to me, my little Nirisi.”
Niri sobbed into her hand. She turned away and stumbled blindly down the alley. Her only thought was to get beyond the yard before tears overwhelmed her. Tear-blinded, she tripped on the stone pavers and threw her hand forward to catch herself. Instead of falling and finding hard stone, her hand found warm fabric over a solid chest. Strong arms caught her and pulled her close, cradling her gently.
“Shh, Niri, I’ve got you.” Ty said, his voice a soft murmur. Held by him, Niri sobbed until she didn’t think any water was left in her.
“I couldn’t ... I can’t bring this to them,” Niri said to Ty through her tears. “If the Church found I had been here ... what they would come and do. My family is all I have left.”
Ty brushed strands of hair clinging to her moist face behind her ear. “I understand, believe me.”
“How did you find me?” she asked, leaning her cheek against his shoulder, grateful and curious that he had.
He hesitated and when she peeked at him, a faint blush colored his cheeks. He shrugged. “I saw your face as we sailed into Tiero. I know what I would want to do ... so I followed you.”
“I’m glad you did.”
Ty walked with her back to town, helping to pick up the packages she had bought. The slow pace gave her a chance to regain composure. As they arrived back at the boat faint wisps of clouds were forming in the late-afternoon sky. Ria and Lavinia stood on deck, eyes on the weather.
“It looks like rain,” Lavinia said as she reached for their bundles.
“It wouldn’t be surprising. It often rains here except when the wind is out of the north from the headlands.” Niri said, finding her throat felt raw as she answered.
“The wind has shifted, coming from due west now. We should get going,” Ty said as he stowed the new rope.
“We’re going to cross?” Ria asked, excitement and nervousness waring on her face.
“Yes, we are going to cross to the southern shore.”
Niri watched the lines of Tiero blur as their boat sailed out of the harbor. It was a sight she had once begged for as she screamed in the hold of the ship taking her back to the Temple of Solaire. This parting ached as well, but like a wound healing instead of being cut.
Out of the harbor, Ty swung the boom and raised a foresail to give them added speed. The boat heeled over as it turned to race along Tiero’s western edge, the heights of the mountains now lost to the building clouds. Ahead of them, murky fog hovered over tossing waves. 
Lavinia’s voice shattered the silence as she stood to point behind them. “That is our parents’ ship!”





Chapter 12
THE CURSE

Ria followed Lavinia’s pointed finger. Just approaching Tiero was the same two-masted ship they had seen in Kyrron, blue banners flying against the white sails. The dark wooden hull gleamed with spray above the waves.
“Do you think they saw us? They can’t know which ship they are looking for, can they?” Ria asked, worried. 
Ty glanced at the large forward sail unique to the Grey Dawn, then back at the two-masted schooner steadily sailing closer. “From the sails and wind, it looks like they are sailing for the harbor.”
They were skimming around the island’s western side, heading nearly due south toward the Steppes of Umbrel. Misty clouds and dark waves lay before them, but the afternoon sun blazed above in a clear portion of sky. The white sail of their boat gleamed in afternoon light.
“They have to see us, but that doesn’t mean ...” Lavinia said, doubtful words cut off as the sails of her parents’ ship turned. The ship lurched as the wind caught the sails again. The boat pivoted, the long bowsprit swinging around to aim directly at them.
“Damn the wind!” Ty cursed. “They must have learned which ship was ours in Kyrron.”
“They’ll be able to catch us in an hour with all their sails flying. Ty, what are we going to do?” Lavinia asked, blue eyes wide.
“We were only just heading to the Southern Shore. We could have answers in a few days. Why did they have to catch up now?” Ria moaned. 
Niri watched her. “If we get around the island so that we are out of sight, I can help outrun them. But the last thing we want to do is attract the attention of any Priests if they see a small boat speeding under Elemental control.”
Ty nodded and swung the boom. “Yes, but not by heading south. We aren’t catching enough wind. We’ll have to run east along the Archipelago and turn south later.”
Despite Niri’s protestations that she couldn’t help, a faint aqua-blue suffused her eyes. The Grey Dawn sped east, riding crests as it leaned into its full sail. The ship behind them slammed into endless waves, the heavy bow rising again and again in explosions of spray. 
“What are you doing?” Lavinia’s voice rose with the tension coursing through her. “That is our parents!”
Niri’s glance crossed Ty’s anxious gaze as she turned to where Lavinia and Ria sat hand in hand watching the boat behind them. “I’m slowing it by pushing the current back. I’m not trying to sink it.”
Lavinia blushed as she looked away. They were behind and a little east of Tiero now, and no towns were visible along the coast. Niri’s eyes inundated with her power. Their boat picked up speed as the seas pushed them ahead.
Ty looked back once more, and then adjusted the rudder pole. The boat veered across the waves, angling toward the northeast. Ria leapt to her feet. 
“Where are you going?” she barked.
“We have a shallower draft. We may be able to lose them amid the islands once night falls. We can’t have them following us into the crossing, Ria.”
Crestfallen, Ria sat down, staring at her shoes. She could feel the trek to the Southern Shore slipping away from her once again. Lavinia stood, seeking a better view of the boat behind them. Every sail strained under the afternoon wind. It was heavier and fighting an onslaught from the sea, but the larger ship was gaining.
“We’ll be overtaken before dusk at this rate,” Lavinia said, one hand on the rail as she leaned over the side. 
They were passing the outer islands of the Archipelago now, uninhabited storm-swept rocks with scant trees offering few places to hide. The populated towns were mostly deep in the peninsulas or on the sheltered side of the inner islands. Ty scanned the sea around them. Ria followed his gaze. No sails but those of the chasing boat were visible along the horizon. 
“Isn’t there anything else you can do?” Ty asked Niri.
Ria could feel a vibration in the air. Her skin itched as if her blood was humming beneath it. It was similar to what she had felt standing next to Niri at the well. It was power, and she knew it. She longed to be able to release hers as well, but hesitated. She had no idea how to help.
Niri’s gaze slid from Ty to the sky. She slowly smiled. 
“I think I can feed the clouds.”
“What will that do?” Ria asked doubtfully.
“Create a bigger storm. If you do it between us, the wind should drive them back while it pushes us forward. They’ll have to lower their sails and tack. It could work.”
“A small storm, right?” Lavinia asked.
 Niri nodded as the air began to buzz above the boat, making the hair on Ria’s arms stand. She looked at Lavinia, wondering how she could sit still, watching the ship behind. 
She doesn’t feel it, Ria realized.
It was the first time that Ria could think of that she and Lavinia couldn’t share something. This was a part of her that Niri could understand, but never Lavinia. She felt as though a tiny rip opened in her chest. Despite the pain, Ria felt freer. She looked up at Niri where she stood, head tilted to the sky and eyes glowing lavender-blue.
Ria would follow Niri anywhere to learn to be this and do what she could do. Maybe even to Solaire.
In Ria’s vision, Niri stood surrounded by a haze of aqua-blue and lavender. The sensation of rising amid a thousand other drops filled Ria, before she sank again into her body. The clouds above and behind them thickened, changing from misty gray to a dark roiling mass. Ria’s hair fluttered across her face as the wind shifted direction. Lightning flickered on the edges of the spreading thunderheads. Rain began to pelt the sea a few feet from their boat.
As the rain spread in earnest and drummed the sea around them, Lavinia peered up in confusion. No raindrops fell onto their boat or sail.
“Niri is controlling the water so that it doesn’t fall on us,” Ria said to Lavinia. 
“You can tell?” Lavinia asked.
“Yes,” Ria said. “I can see it.”
Lavinia watched Ria for a moment before turning to check on her parents’ ship. The evening sky overspread with clouds, the sunset obliterated by the growing storm. Lightning flashed frequently above them, arcing between thunderheads. The wind slammed against their ship. Ty reefed their sail, shortening it against the strengthening gale. 
It was eerie for Ria to watch the pouring rain on the storm-tossed sea, feel the ship heave on the waves, yet the wind whipping over the boat held no dampness. Ria could see the water shield around them if she looked for it, appearing as a clear line like a bubble. The buzz of the air and the hum in her blood were more audible than the storm or thunder, more immediate than the wind or boat. She wondered what it was like to be Niri, building a storm while protecting them at the same time.
“I think that is enough,” Lavinia said as she strained to see her parents’ ship in the pelting rain and lowering skies. It was not faring well. Lightning exposed the larger ship, still with all sails flying and fighting the wind to reach them.
“I haven’t been feeding the storm for a few minutes now,” Niri said. Despite her calm voice, Niri looked nervous.
The lightning flashed again, revealing the other ship heeled over against the onslaught of wind. A second flash silhouetted the mound of a rock island behind it.
“You have to stop it!” Lavinia yelled, voice piercing and rising higher than the wind that screamed through the rigging of the ship.
“I can’t control the storm. It is beyond me now. They are too close to the rocks. I’m trying to keep the boat away.” Niri said, voice thick with desperation. Her eyes were closed as she struggled with the sea. 
“Pull them away! Why can’t you pull them away?” Lavinia clutched the rail as she leaned over the edge of their ship above the storm-tossed sea. There was no sign of her parents’ ship.
“I can’t match the wind with the current. They need to drop some sails!” Panic echoed in Niri’s voice along with confusion. Any other captain would have dropped or reefed the ship’s sails in such a storm. Even as a novice sailor, Ria knew that.
Another flash showed the boat slammed by a gust of wind. It tipped under the force, rolling onto its side. A large mainsail tore, the sound exploding through the storm.
“No!” Lavinia screamed, nearly throwing herself over the rail.
Ty grabbed onto her before she fell into the tossing sea.
Niri staggered, falling to her knees. The itch of her power disappeared from around the boat. The desire to act that the power had created in Ria lifted as well. Instead, she felt a shift as Niri’s power wrapped around Lavinia’s parents’ ship. The wind-driven hull slid closer to the rocks of the island. Ria stood, one hand against the cabin’s door, while she looked back toward the other boat. All the while, part of her mingled with Niri’s power around the larger ship.
With Niri’s concentration on saving the larger ship, she no longer eased the strength of the waves around them or stopped the rain. Raindrops hammered the deck of the boat and left dark rings on their clothes. The small boat rocked with a sickening motion, riding the crests and troughs of the building waves.
“No ...,” Niri whispered in desperation. The flashes of light showed the ship beaten by the wind and nearly flattened onto its side.
The force of emotions welling from Lavinia and Ty slammed into Ria as they watched their parents’ boat seconds from floundering on storm-lashed rocks. Their pain opened a floodgate of emotion in Ria as well. Her own family was assuredly on the other ship with theirs.
Power buzzed in the air around the Grey Dawn once more. Ria straightened, standing without support despite the surging sea as energy flowed from her, feeding on emotions and her desire to use what sang in her blood. The air tasted purified for a moment, no longer carrying the heavy saltiness of the sea, and then Ria released the power that had built around her. For a moment the other ship was illuminated with its gunwales nearly underwater and its torn sail shredding further in the wind. Then it was gone.
Everyone froze on the tossing, rain-slicked deck of the Grey Dawn.
“What did you do?” Niri asked, voice trembling.
Ria shivered the way she had when she'd stopped the knife. As she came back to herself, her sureness faded. She stumbled, reaching for the support of the cabin. Ty caught her.
“They are safe. I ... I sent them home. They are just outside the harbor of Mirocyne. It was all I could think to do, to move them somewhere away from the rocks but where they could repair the boat. It is where our families first met.” Ria said, gazing into Ty’s amazed eyes. 
“You saved them!” Lavinia exclaimed, throwing her arms around Ria and her brother.
Niri stared at Ria, her face draining of color. “Don’t you understand what you did, Ria? You used your power. We are in worse danger than the other boat ever faced!” Niri shouted. 
“But we got away last time. There is plenty of time,” Ria replied, holding on to Ty.
Niri went to answer, then stopped. Her head snapped upwards, eyes widening as lavender infused them again. 
“There is something large cutting through the clouds.” 
It was all she had a chance to say before a massive creature plummeted from the sky and slammed into the water two hundred yards south of their boat. A spray of water rocketed into the air. 
Ty let go of Ria so fast that Lavinia barely managed to keep both of them upright. He raced to the edge of the boat, leaning over the rail as he stared in the direction of the watery collision.
“What is it?”
Niri's eyes were closed, her concentration fully on her power. “It is the Curse. It changed to a water serpent so that it could stay under.” 
“Can’t you track it?” Lavinia asked, trembling against Ria.
“It is fast ... it moves like water.”
Suddenly, Niri lunged. Her fingers caught Ty’s shirt. She pulled him away from the edge as the ship lifted on a wave. A monstrous head reared out of the sea where the Grey Dawn had been a moment before. They were still too close.
The scaled head smacked against the side of the ship, timbers giving in under the force. It snapped jagged teeth inches from Ty. The smell of something rotten washed over the boat as it exhaled.
The golden eyes of the Curse looked down on them as it rose from the waves, its long neck tangling with the rigging of the sails and mast. The boom wrenched in the snagged ropes, nearly sweeping Lavinia and Ria off the deck as they dove out of the way. Ria gasped for a breath as her lungs emptied fully from her scream. 
The monster roared, the sound more deafening than the thunder. Writhing, it crashed against the mast. A sick tearing sound came from its base, but the mast stayed upright as the monster freed itself in the snapping of heavy ropes. The boat rolled onto its side, pulled toward the Curse by the last of the ropes. The Curse slid back into the water, Ria only stopping herself from joining it by catching her foot on the rail of the ship.
The boat rocked violently upright rolling onto its other side. Ria grabbed onto Lavinia, who had managed to snag the rudder post, to slow her own descent toward the open water beyond the edge of the boat. Ty held onto one of the cockpit benches, while Niri knelt with one hand on the deck to stabilize herself, her back against the other bench. They were all soaked to the skin by the pelting rain.
“I didn’t know, I didn’t know, I didn’t know!” Ria cried, voice rising like a whirlwind. “I didn’t really think it was real. Lavinia, I didn’t know!”
Lavinia held onto Ria with one arm, pulling her against her chest. The sea west of them began to roil. Waves drove the boat with deliberate force, pushing them further east. The hum of Niri’s power encircled the boat and glowed in the sea to their west. This time the sensation made Ria nauseous. She bent over, her stomach in knots as she choked and sobbed.
The Curse reared again out of the ocean. Both girls screamed as its neck danced above the waves like a snake. It bellowed into the air a few hundred feet away, as the boat rode the waves to the east. Bands of water reached up and pulled at the Curse’s limbs. It snapped at the liquid, the bands breaking and reforming under its claws and teeth. Changed to a denser fluid like honey, the sea wrapped itself around the monster and dragged it under. It fought to the surface again. Wings whipped the air as it changed into a dragon, trying to free itself from the prison of water.
Niri broke her concentration from the struggle against the Curse enough to slit open her eyes. They glowed like violet stars.
“I can’t ... this is all I can do. You have to sail ...”
Ty surveyed the mess of rope and sail. The boom was high above the deck wrapped in rope and the remaining rigging, which was the only reason it hadn’t gone over the side. The mast was cracked, tilting off to the starboard. Most of the supporting lines were shredded. He swallowed and looked at his sister.
“We have to raise the jib.”
Lavinia nodded and brushed back her rain-soaked hair. She joined her brother at the bow, leaving Ria limp on the deck with her arms barely supportive enough to keep her from falling prone. Together, Ty and Lavinia hoisted the jib. Ty paced as the wind caught it and pulled the boat northeastward faster. His eyes flicked from the broken mast, to the jib, and back.
A furious roar sounded again and fire filled the night sky. It was too far away to reach them. Niri whimpered, a shudder racking her form. From where she lay supine on the deck a few feet away, Ria watched Niri in horror.





Chapter 13
ASSESSING THE DAMAGE

“Ria, what’s wrong?” The numbness of sleep left Ty.
Ria stood in the pale morning light that filtered through the cabin portholes. She hesitated between the door to the aft cabin she shared with Lavinia and the bench at the table.
“I didn’t mean to wake you. I couldn’t sleep and didn’t want to wake Vin.” Ria’s lip trembled. Ty shifted on the Captain’s bench where he slept near the foot of the stairs to the deck, pulling his blankets aside to make room for her. 
“It’s all right. Tell me what’s wrong.”
Ria’s eyes welled with tears. “It’s just ... I didn’t know. I didn’t really believe the Curse was real,” she said, voice thick with distress.
“It’s all right. I don’t think any of us really believed it.”
“But I nearly got you killed!”
“Niri pulled me out of the way. Look Ria, I’m fine.” Ty wrapped an arm and his blanket around her, now that she had flopped down by his side. 
“Yah, Niri,” Ria said sullenly.
Ty was silent a moment. “You are the one who saved my parents’ ship from the storm. A storm that Niri caused. No matter what came after, you saved many lives.”
Tears overran Ria’s cheeks as she rested her head against Ty’s shoulders. There were no sobs, which surprised him. Only a few moments of silent tears. With his words of comfort to Ria, the nameless unease that had hatched to life the night before began to writhe and grow in his brain.
They had sailed the damaged boat, heading further northeast, as the flames the Curse sent skyward became more and more distant. Niri’s concentration was on fighting the Curse until the darkest hours of the night. 
“Is it dead?” Ria asked. She still trembled, although the fight had been an hour before. If he hadn't needed to sail, Ty would have held her.
“No.” Niri answered, voice hoarse from hours of disuse. “I don’t think I could kill it. But it is tired and has stopped fighting for now. It sleeps held by water at the bottom of the channel.”
Niri ran a slow hand through her snarled hair, watching the shaking in her fingers as if they belonged to another person. Ty’s gaze fought between Ria and Niri, not winning for long with either.
With dawn and a sheltered anchorage, sleep made more sense than assessing the damage to the Grey Dawn. The undefined unease crawling across Ty’s back faded as his mind blanked to unconsciousness. Now it was awake again and growing.
Ria spoke angrily through her tears. “I don’t understand this cursed ‘gift’! In Sardinia, at the market, I wanted to rip Causis to pieces for hurting me. I could feel it, the same power I felt when I moved the ship last night, but ... it just evaporated when I tried to use it. Why can’t I protect myself?”
Ty brushed the golden hair away from Ria’s face. The silken curls were as delicate as a spider’s web.
“Maybe it is intent? You saved our parents but you wanted to hurt Causis.”
“Great, so it would have worked if I’d just wished him to the middle of the sea?”
“Maybe ... or you could have tried changing him into a rat,” Ty teased.
“I’m serious, Ty.”
Ria’s momentary fury died, tension fading into new tears as she relaxed against him. He held her as she whispered how much she hated this power she had, how she had feared it and the Church all her life, and how she just wanted to go home.
“We could sail in the bay around Mirocyne. Remember when you used to take Lavinia and me out fishing, only we’d throw back everything you caught when you weren’t looking?”
Ty chuckled, “I could never get the two of you to fish. All you did was drive me crazy.”
“So you flipped the skiff and made us swim to shore.”
There was the ghost of a smile on Ria’s face as she finally fell asleep in his arms. Ty drifted off moments later, his gaze still on her.

—

Ty thought he was the first awake. Next to him, Ria slept still curled in his blankets. He heard a splash while on the stairs and came up into the afternoon air just as Niri surfaced, like she was kin to a dolphin.
“How’s the water?”
Niri paused, hair spiraling out around her in the water. The afternoon sun glinted on the shallow waves lapping the boat. Beyond the small island and a half-submerged circle of boulders that Ty had found to shelter their little boat at dawn, the Archipelago spread out to the west, now only silhouettes of islands in the bright afternoon sun. To the north and east the waters of the Ocean of Ilaiya stretched in empty flatness. No other ship or town was in sight. 
“Warm, nice. You should try it sometime.” Niri said, tone teasing. “You know, for a sailor, water seems to make you nervous.”
His unintentional smile froze. For a second he was back in the dim cabin and could feel Ria trembling under his fingers as she cried. “I have good reason,” he snipped.
Niri frowned at his short answer. “Let me guess, you are a sailor who hates sailing?”
He snorted. “It is often nothing but work ... except for a few times recently.” 
Their gazes locked, Ty inadvertently remembering the night Niri had pushed the waves and current just so. The boat had glided through the water much as Niri swam now. They both looked away, Ty’s cheeks warming. Niri’s color was high as well.
“So, you like sailing at night in gale force winds while trying to escape angry sea creatures?”
Ty barked a laugh. “You forgot the broken mast and shredded sail.”
“Right, but were we technically sailing then? I mean, it seemed more like guided drifting.”
Ty laughed. He kicked water at Niri from where he sat, his foot dangling over the edge of the boat. It showered her in a warm spray.
Niri laughed. “You can’t upset naiads by splashing them, you know.”
Ty rolled his eyes. “Right. Next time I’ll throw a handful of dirt.”
Niri stuck out her tongue and dove under. She came up next to the boat a few feet down from where he sat. Her hands caressed the cracked wood.
“I don’t think we can do much about this for now.”
Ty shook his head. “No, but we can work on the mast and get the boom down at least.”
Niri accepted his outstretched arm. With one foot against the hull of the boat, Ty levered her up onto the deck. Just as after the escape from Sardinia, Niri and Ty stood eye to eye. His laughter died and he stepped back, letting her go.
Ty turned away as she stepped down to the deck, but the water sliding from her hair, dress, and skin as she used her power caught his attention. A moment later Niri was completely dry, the wind toying with her hair.
“Can you do that in reverse?” Ty asked. “I should have soaked some leather for the mast before we went to sleep. I wasn’t thinking. Can you do it?”
She held out her hand without a word, amusement in her glance. Ty gave her the stiff leather he had brought on deck. Niri leaned over the side of the boat, trailing the leather in the water for less than a minute. But when she pulled it up, the softened mass dribbled water like an oversaturated sponge. 
Ty shook his head as he took the sodden mess from her and carried it over to the mast, wrapping the shredded break with the leather. Fortunately, the crack had not been all the way through. Fibers still knit the sections of the mast together, but it leaned to starboard at a steep angle. When he was done, Ty asked Niri, “Can you dry it now?”
Niri reversed the process, the water wringing from the leather by invisible force. It ran down the mast in a sheet. The leather tightened as it dried, shrinking until it encased the break. Ty felt the binding.
“That should have taken days, not minutes.”
Niri shrugged. “Obviously you weren’t doing it right before.”
Ty choked on his laugh. “Obviously! So what can you do about the boom, then?” he challenged.
Niri looked up at the dangling wood wrapped firmly out of reach in the rigging. She let out a breath. “I think you need a dryad for that, I’m afraid.”
“You admit defeat?”
“Why is Niri defeated? The Curse isn’t loose again, is it?” Ria asked from where she'd stopped at the cabin door. Her confused voice rose with panic.
“No, Ria, I was just teasing her,” Ty said as Ria slipped against his side.
Niri reassured her, “The Curse is asleep in the crossing. It can’t harm you. It doesn’t know where you are.”
Ria trembled against his side despite Niri’s comforting words.
“How do you know?” Lavinia asked as she came up from the cabin as well.
“I have a water spirit watching it. I called it into being before we slept last night ... this morning, I mean.”
“So you would know if it came after us again?” Ty asked, Ria remaining tucked under his arm.
“Yes.” Niri’s tone tinged with impatience. “I still have it wrapped in dense water bonds. It isn’t even struggling.”
Ty realized he hadn’t noticed that Niri’s eyes were overcast with a lavender-blue tint. In the daylight it was harder to see the one physical sign of an Elemental using their skills. Plus, she'd been helping him with the mast. He hadn't thought about it. He hadn't asked.
“So what are we going to do to get the boom?” Lavinia asked with her chin craned skyward, one hand shielding her eyes.
“I think there is enough rope left that I could haul you up to free it,” Ty suggested, pushing aside his thoughts.
“Like when we were children and used to play in the rigging?” Lavinia replied with a grin.
“Exactly.”
It took the siblings a few minutes to find rope enough to make a harness for Lavinia. Ty attached the jib line to it and hauled his sister into the air over the boat. She walked up the mast as he pulled the rope, pushing herself nimbly away to catch the rigging near the tangled boom.
“Don’t get yourself caught,” Ty shouted up at her.
“You worry too much. I know what I’m doing.”
Ty sighed at his sister’s answer. “She used to be so obedient.”
Niri chuckled. Ria flashed Niri, then Ty, a glance.
“Watch out below!” Lavinia called before dropping a bundle of rope onto the deck. Ria jumped. “Sorry, Ria.” Ria sat down on the back bench, pale and nervous. Not that Ty could blame her. But with his sister in the air, there was little he could do for Ria.
Lavinia sent down more rope before she managed to free the main line from the shredded sail. She attached one end to the boom while Ty secured the rope to a cleat. Carefully, Lavinia untied the last of the rigging wrapped around the boom. As she held onto the free end, Ty slowly lowered his sister and half the boom to the deck, one foot against the mast to give himself support from the weight on the rope. Back on deck, Lavinia helped her brother lower the other end. 
Everyone stared at it. Tangled in what remained of the sail, the boom stretched the length of the boat.
“Should we reattach it? The hardware still looks solid,” Lavinia asked, tone doubtful despite her optimistic wording. She attempted to sort out the damaged sail, eyeing the pieces and stitching. “The sail isn’t too bad. I think I can mend it.”
Niri choked.
“No really,” Lavinia said, breathing a laugh. “I’ve seen worse.”
“I’m starting to wonder exactly what sort of upbringing the two of you had.” 
A ghost of a smile passed over Ty’s lips as Lavinia chirped, “The best sort!”
“Ignore her, she has always been the more natural of the two of us at sailing. She doesn’t seem to realize it is work for everyone else.” Lavinia blushed at the unexpected compliment from her brother.
Serious again, Ty ran his hand through his hair, evaluating the boat. The mast was secured but damaged as it canted slightly off-center and without the support of any rigging. Bits of shredded sail flapped in the afternoon breeze. The deck was a mess of broken lines.
“Well, we can’t cross to the Southern Shore with the ship like this.” He was the first to say what he was sure everyone already knew. Ria looked away.
“We won’t reattach the boom. Even with what we just bought, we don’t have enough rope to run new rigging. I don’t want to use the mainsail, even if there is enough left, unless we have full rigging. The mast can't take it. We’ll sail by the jib. We can lash the boom to the deck until we can get the ship fixed.”
“Where do we go, then?” Lavinia asked.
“We can head back to the Archipelago. There are boat builders on the docks of the larger towns. It will take some time, but we can have it fixed there.”
Lavinia sat next to the boom with a thud. “And spend the last of the money we made in Sardinia.”
Niri shook her head. “No," she said forcefully. “One day in a city like Tiero was fine. But we can’t stay for a week or more in the Archipelago. The towns are controlled by the Church. Most of the members of the High Council have houses there. We’ll be found.”
Niri's statement met silence. Lavinia stared at the piece of rigging she was twirling in her fingers. 
“We could steal a new boat,” Ria suggested.
Lavinia's attention jerked to Ria as she glared at her best friend. Ty spread his hands, breaking Lavinia’s gaze. She looked away across the sea and hissed, “No, we aren’t stealing another boat.”
“Then where do we go?” Ria asked, a hostile tone to her voice. "We don't seem to have many options."
The wind sighed across the deck.
“I ... I might know of a place,” Niri said.
“Where?” Lavinia asked, hopeful.
“There is a place that the Church doesn’t go - is actually afraid to go. We can run north along the shore.”
Ty hesitated, thinking of the route. It wasn't one he'd sailed during his apprenticeship, for good reason. “There isn’t much to the north. Rough towns, not friendly to outsiders. I don’t see how they would help.”
“We need to go to the Forest of Falin, to Drufforth. The Kith live there. They are dryads and could fix the boat.”
“You think they’ll help us? You being a member of the Church and all,” Ria said with a sidelong glance at Niri.
“Ria, she saved your life, twice,” Lavinia shot back.
“What other choice do we have? We’ll be safe from the Church. The Kith have the skills to help. We just need to convince them.”
Ty ran his hand through his hair again in frustration. “It is the wrong way.”
“You’d rather spend the last of our money and days hiding from Priests in the Archipelago?” Lavinia exclaimed.
“How can we trust her?” Ria said, jumping to her feet. “She is a Priestess! How do we know the Kith aren’t something worse? If the Church keeps the Curse secret and uses it to kill people, what else is Niri not telling us?”
“Ria, she warned us about the Curse in Mirocyne,” Lavinia answered. “It isn’t her fault we didn’t understand.” 
Ria and Lavinia glared at each other. Ria looked away first.
“You want to know what the Church can do, Vin?” Ty asked, voice quivering with anger. The threads of anxiety and doubt itching at him since the night before burst into full bloom, Ria’s words and fear feeding his anger. “You want to know why I left my apprenticeship? Why I don’t like swimming anymore? It was because of one of her kind.” Ty slashed his hand in Niri’s direction. 
Niri took a step away from him. He ignored her. Ty’s hostility knocked out Ria’s, and she sat down again.
Really, his attention was on his sister. The anger left her face, leaving it pale. Some of Ty’s acid anger faded. He spoke to her forgetting anyone else was on the boat.
“It is why I came back to Mirocyne, Vin. I wanted to warn you before you left so you didn’t make the same mistake. I wanted you to know.
I was on the Gypsy Empress. She is a larger ship than anything our parents have. Big enough that a Wind Elemental stayed on the boat.”
Ty looked away from his sister’s heartfelt stare. He cleared his throat. “Arkira was stunning, with short dark hair and light amber eyes. She knew everything about the ship, although she used her knowledge to order everyone around.” A faint smile warmed him, but quickly faded. “Even the captain did whatever she requested.
There was another apprentice on the ship, too. Ryic was nearly finished with his two years. He was her favorite and he worked hard for it. He brought her anything she wanted: the best food, jewelry, anything that caught her eye. She ... Arkira began to make the gifts a competition between us. I don’t even know how it happened. She would bring us wine when we were left to sail at night, flirting with us and laughing when Ryic got jealous. Then next day we would try to outdo each other with something to please her.”
Ty stared at the deck, his cheeks hot. “When Ryic left to be assistant captain on a smaller ship ... she would come on deck and give me wine until my head spun. Every night she would come and laugh, then slip away. I don’t think it took even two weeks until I was willing to steal things to win her attention.”
“She used you, but that doesn’t mean ...”
Sharp-voiced, Ty cut Lavinia off. “That isn’t the worst of it. If that was all, I could say I had a lesson learned, and move on.” Anger coursed through him again. Lavinia sat back, sullen.
“We were in Portoreayl. It is a big port city in the Archipelago. I stole some choice wine from the captain’s stores for her. I took it to her room and only heard a second voice just before I knocked. I waited outside and listened, jealously trying to find out who was with her.
It was Fistus, another Wind Elemental from a sister ship. I had seen him before - heavyset, older, balding. I knew he wasn’t there ... for the reason I thought. I stayed to hear them talk, hoping he would leave soon.
Arkira was saying she was bored. Bored with ‘inexperienced boys’ was how she put it. Fistus laughed at her, asked how she had turned Ryic and what he had sent her. I could hear her haughty pride as she listed things Ryic had taken from his new ship’s stores or had stolen and taken as undocumented cargo for her. Fistus was impressed. Said something like ‘another ship’s captain who belongs to the Church.’ I think I realized then what she was doing.”
Now Ty remembered Niri. He looked at her coldly. “She would win an apprentice over, infatuate him until he would do anything for her. Then she would use him for whatever she wanted. Steal goods, carry secret shipments, all for her use or for the Church.” Ty spat the word at Niri. He looked away from her.
“I was standing outside Arkira’s chambers with a bottle of stolen wine in my hand and realizing how well she had played me.”
“So you left. One bad Priestess ...”
Ty cut Lavinia off again. “Stop making excuses for her. It is not one bad Priestess! I didn’t just leave then or ignore her like I should have from the beginning. I turned to go and then I heard Fistus say my name.”
Ty trembled. He closed his hands to fists. “Fistus had asked how I was doing. Arkira sighed and said, ‘Fine.’ She expected I would ‘come around’ any day and then she would have to sleep with me, pretend to enjoy it. I wanted to hurl that bottle through the door at her. Do anything to stop that disgusted tone.
Fistus laughed and offered to ‘take care of it’ for her, that night, in fact. Promised if I didn’t at least enjoy it, he’d make it something I could be blackmailed with. She could threaten to transfer me to his ship if I didn’t do what she wanted.”
Ty’s face felt tight. He closed his eyes. “She agreed.”
Lavinia was speechless, staring at her brother with tears in her eyes. Ty knelt in front of her and took her hand.
“I left then, when I heard her agree, when I heard the excitement in Fistus’s voice as he asked where my chambers were below. I heard the scrape of his chair as he stood up. It made me move. I turned and went over the side of the ship with nothing. We were anchored ... far out.” Ty’s voice choked at the harrowing memory of the night swim.
“I went between anchored boats, holding onto their anchor chains to rest. It was hard to find the shore between the ships in the dark. I couldn’t see the lights of the city. It felt ... like an eternity. It was dawn when I washed ashore nearly drowned. Those men you saw in Mirocyne found me in the market half dead and trying to filch something for breakfast. They took me in, gave me food and a place to stay. Stealing for them didn’t seem so bad at first, until they decided to rob Finneous and kill Jistin. I couldn’t do it so I left again, running from them as well as the Church.”
“Ty, why didn’t you tell me? Why didn’t you tell me the day you came home?” Lavinia asked, heart in her eyes.
He shook his head. “I just couldn’t. I wanted to, but I couldn’t.”
Lavinia stared at the deck. Ty stood stiffly, aware again of Ria and Niri. He walked to stand next to Ria, who sat wide-eyed on the far bench. She took his hand.
Ty said, “You see why we can’t trust her? It is better to risk the Church and the Archipelago than to go with her.” Niri looked away.
“No!” Lavinia said, jumping to her feet. Ty looked at his sister in surprise. “Don’t you see? That is exactly why we can’t run to a place beholden to the Church! Niri is not Arkira. She saved our lives. We have to trust her. I say we go north.”
Ty was stunned. After waiting so long to tell her, of not wanting to face what he'd done and only doing so to protect his sister and Ria, Ty had never expected his sister would reject him.
"Vin," Ty whispered through a tight throat. "You can't mean that."
Lavinia stood her ground. “We are going north, away from the Church, otherwise we might as well sail Ria and Niri to the Temple of Solaire ourselves.”
The standoff between Ty and his sister was broken by a gull’s cry. Ty looked away first. He stared hard at the deck, black anger growing.
“Fine, but when we reach Drufforth, Ria and I are leaving.”





Chapter 14
THE RUN NORTH

The deck canted under Niri’s feet. A wave of exhaustion washed over her. For one moment, she thought of giving up. Instead, she turned her face into the evening breeze, hoping it would revive her. 
The sun hovered over the western hills of the grassy and rocky shore of this isolated stretch of coast as if it was the only inhabitant of the barren landscape. Settlements had appeared along the shore the night before, dimly seen in the blue light of the greater moon. Nothing large enough to have been called a town, only a few stone houses with sod roofs and moss stuck between the boulders to protect the occupants from the wind. There were few lights in the villages and no wharves. What boats Niri and Lavinia saw were narrow and long with deep drafts, resting above the tide on the rough pebble beaches. The smell of peat smoke drifted from the land.
Now it was early evening again and that was the only reason Niri was on deck at the same time as Ria and Ty. It had been a long four days since they had lashed the heavy boom to the deck, put away the broken rigging lines, and raised the jib to head north. Lavinia was heartsick, but would not admit it. The knowledge of what her brother had gone through, along with his intent to abandon her in Drufforth, left her eyes dark and hollow.
Ria ignored Niri’s appearance on deck. For the last few days, Ria would not look in Niri’s direction, as if she did not exist. Ty's reaction was little better. After four days of it, Niri was tired of such a petty game, especially to be blamed as the cause. Really, she was tired of everything.
Sailing with only the jib, the boat hardly moved unless she pushed the tide. Between the continual binding of the Curse, its occasional struggles, keeping out the water seeping from the crushed timbers of the hull, and pushing the boat, Niri’s power was in constant use. There was never truly a moment to rest. 
Adding to that was the growing dislike for hard bread, old cheese, and dry meats. Ria’s childishness was a small bother amid the rest, but Ty’s icy distance elicited an ache whenever she thought of it. His kindness had comforted her twice now.
Lavinia sat on deck already, her arms resting on the rail and legs dangling toward the sea. She watched the shore as its shadow stretched toward the boat. Lavinia saw Niri and stood. It was time for them to take over the boat while Ria and Ty disappeared below.
Niri stepped forward, but it felt like her foot sank through the deck. The world tilted, rocking under her feet so that she fell to her knees.
“Niri!” 
Lavinia’s tone was panicked. But Niri couldn't see her. Instead she saw a world of azure blue. Arms supported her and she leaned into them, resting against a solid chest. Ty held her. Contradictory sensations of the boat and Ty's arms competed against flowing blue and liquid coolness. Then she understood.
“It’s the Curse. It wants free,” Niri whispered.
“It’s fighting you?” Ty asked with concern.
“Yes ... no, it’s not struggling. It’s sort of talking to me.”
The hazy image in Niri’s mind cleared. She looked into the golden eyes of the Curse. Niri wanted to fight it, to get away from however it had brought part of her to it. But she found herself struggling with Ty. He held her tighter.
The Curse’s power reached out to her. Niri reeled as images and emotions flooded her mind. 
The Curse was tired and hungry. The need for food filled her body. Her lungs burned. Breathing water was weakening the beast. Magical or not, it was a living creature that was born to breathe air and to eat. It needed to stretch its wings and muscles. Every inch of it was cramped and bound by heavy water. The need to move blocked all else in Niri’s mind for a moment. 
Her resolve wavered. The Curse streamed images, flipping them through her mind. She found herself in a cave, dark and mildewed. Chains that bit with more than iron shackled her to the depths. Silhouettes of Priests and Priestesses rose out of the blackness, bringing pain. But those were rare. Mostly there was solitary, soul-crushing darkness.
 The cave swept away to a view of the sky and sun, clouds rolling below with flashes of distant fields, trees, and water. For a moment, Niri flew as the dragon, exalting in the freedom of days for the first time in memory, even while the compulsion to hunt magic drew it onward.
“Niri, NIRI!”
Ty shook her back to herself. She sobbed as the tension and images left her. Only Ty’s arms kept her from collapsing to the deck. 
“It is in pain, suffering so much,” she gasped. “Has suffered so much under the Church.”
Ria leapt to her feet. “You can’t let it go! Kill it! If you can hurt it, you can kill it. Free me from it!”
Tears streaming down her cheeks, Niri looked at Ria. “I cannot wish it dead. It would die slowly, hungry and bound over years. I cannot do that to anything!” Niri retorted. “Besides, it is too late.”
“You let it go?” Lavinia asked in shock.
“Yes,” Niri said, straightening in Ty’s arms. He relaxed his hold but stayed next to her.
“It is hunting for me again?” Ria’s pitch whirled higher.
“No,” Niri replied. “It doesn’t know where we are and it is too weak. It won’t find you again unless you use your power. For now, its muscles are too cramped to fly. It is just floating on the surface of the sea enjoying the sun.”
“Enjoying the ...” Ty paused, uncertain. “How do you know it is enjoying it?”
“I can feel it humming.”
Ria glared at Niri, every line of her vibrating anger. Ria slammed the apple she had been eating onto the deck and hurtled down into the cabin.
Ty rubbed Niri’s shoulder, staring at the deck. When Ria’s steps faded, he looked at Niri. “Are you all right?” he asked. Niri nodded. “Are you using your power anymore at all? Are you using it right now?”
Niri sat back in surprise so they faced each other from an easy distance. “No, not at all. Why?”
“Your eyes have flecks of lavender in them.”
The sound of a crash resonated from the cabin. Niri and Lavinia jumped, Ty stared at the deck again.
“Ty ... I couldn’t let it suffer, not to die like that. I’m not a Priestess.”
“I know,” he said as he stood up, eyes dark with regret. “I realize that now.” Ty walked down into the darkness to join Ria.
Niri stayed sitting on the deck a moment longer. A hollow ache filled her pushing aside the irritation of Ria's outburst. Lavinia offered her hand, helping Niri find her feet. 
“I’m sorry,” Niri said, needing to apologize to someone. 
Lavinia hesitated, then leaned forward and gave Niri a hug. “I’m sorry, too.” 
It took another minute to compose themselves for their night’s sail. The power to propel the boat through the sea came easier to Niri without the drain caused by binding the Curse. For a space of time, everything was quiet. No lights or noise came from the cabin. Stars filled the sky, demarcating the black sea by their absence. 
Lavinia twitched the jib line in her hand. “My first memory is of Ty,” she said without warning. Her gaze lay in the distance, past the sea to the strange rocky coast.
“What was he doing?”
Lavinia smiled fondly. “I was crying because I couldn’t get this little paper boat I'd made to sail. He fixed it for me.”
“So, he started fixing boats at a young age?”
“Yes, I’ve given him plenty of experience.” She laughed. 
Niri smiled at the sound. “You are very close to your brother,” she said. 
“I thought I was.” Lavinia reflexively clenched her fist, which pulled on the jib line. The sail tightened, straining the mast. It creaked in the empty air. She let the line go and tied it off, glancing at Niri. “You are really the one sailing the boat, anyway. The sail is more for show if anyone sees us.”
Lavinia paused and sighed. “I can’t believe he didn’t tell me sooner about what happened on his apprenticeship! Did he think I wouldn’t understand?”
“I don’t think that is it. I think as much as he wanted to protect you, he also didn’t want to disappoint you.”
Lavinia was silent. “I’m not a child anymore. I was ... before all this started. I thought it was some grand adventure that would be over in a few days and then life would return to the way it had been, the way it was supposed to go. It isn’t ever really going to be the same again, is it?”
With Niri controlling the sea, not even waves lapped the hull. The night was quiet but for the occasional rustle of the useless sail.
“No, probably not," Niri finally answered.
Lavinia nodded curtly. She exhaled a snort. “Of course, life wasn’t really how I thought it was, anyway. I just didn’t know it then.” She sat up a little straighter. After a moment, she turned to Niri. “Did you know I found a sword on the boat?”
Niri glanced at her. “No, when?”
“After Sardinia, on the way to Tiero. It was in my cabin in this compartment under a bench. I hadn’t looked there before. I was going to tell Ty, but then ... after what happened in Sardinia ...”
Niri tried to sort out what Lavinia meant. “You thought he would sell it?”
Lavinia laughed softly. “No ... well yes, I thought we probably should. But when Causis took Ria, I saw Ty hold the knife to his neck and I had nothing. Nothing at all I could do to protect Ria. And I found this sword that we hadn’t known was there right after that. It is so beautiful, with carvings on the blade, and it fits my hand. It just feels right. I didn’t want to tell Ty because I knew he’d want to sell it and I ... I didn’t want to.”
“But it is funny. Now it isn’t about wanting to protect Ria. I just want to be able to use it. I never thought about sword fighting before. Only about my apprenticeship, about sailing, marrying some boy, and my children being friends with Ria’s. She and Ty ...” Lavinia bit her lip and looked quickly away. “Well, it seems so silly now. Something a child wishes for without understanding that it could never possibly work. But I do think I should learn to protect myself if we’re going to be crossing oceans and fighting off magical beasts.
Even if they leave in Drufforth, I’m not going back. I don’t think it would be the same if I went home. Leaving to go to my apprenticeship seems ... unnecessary now. If you don’t mind, I’ll stay with you. I can help sail once the Grey Dawn is fixed, and we can go to Karakastad to see what we find there.”
Niri smiled at the young woman. “Well, we may be in Drufforth for a while. Maybe you can find a way to learn to use a sword while we’re there.”
“I think I would like that.”





Chapter 15
THE KITH

The sword was an awkward weight in Lavinia’s hand. Sweat from the humidity and the run dampened her palm. She had to hold the grip tight.
Ferns whipped her legs as she raced through the forest of massive trees, strange creatures yelling at her from the canopy. Startled birds and winged lizards scattered before her. Gasping for breath, she realized she could no longer taste salt in the air. The sea was far behind her, but from the sounds of it, Ty was catching up. Lavinia burst forward again, running deeper into the forest.
The forests had risen along the shoreline on the sixth day of the journey north. Lavinia first saw the trees in the light of the moon, thinking that the land had become hilly. Then one of the last outlets on the delta of the river Turcot opened along the shore, the sound of the rushing water audible in the quiet night. Then she realized the rolling mounds were the beginnings of the Forest of Falin. Those trees were tall, larger than anything Lavinia had seen in her life. They were nothing compared to the behemoths that rose from the land here, around Drufforth. 
Lavinia stayed on deck when Ty came up that the morning. She knew they were close. The forest grew larger, the trees rising to over five hundred feet. Mist clung to the leaves in the midmorning sun. Flashes of animals and colored birds darted among the green. Finally, the shore pulled back in the swoop of a harbor and the strangest town Lavinia could have imagined came into view.
“Is that it?” Ria asked, her voice thin as if she was ill.
“I don’t know. What else could it be?”
Niri must have been expecting to arrive today as well. She came on deck within moments of their conversation and let out a slow breath at the sight of Drufforth. 
Massive roots flowed out from shore forming living wharves while runners plunged into the sea formed support pilings. Along the shoreline, knots of trees had been bent and grown together to create the supports and trusses of houses. Above everything, the enormous trees rose to lofty heights.
“Drop the sail. I’ll take us in,” Niri said to Lavinia.
They met Skree and his wife Gaylin as they tied the Grey Dawn to the largest wharf. Only three other boats were in the harbor. Innocently, Lavinia thought Gaylin and Skree were Kith.
“Nah, we aren’t the Kith. We are just like you.” Skree’s gaze rested mostly on Ty’s dark-eyed face. The faint scar on Skree’s cheek was visible beneath laugh lines. But he rubbed the white marks over his knuckles as though they still bothered him. “We found some peace and decided to stay.”
Gaylin smiled fondly at her husband. Her hair was more gray than russet, but that was the only age on her face. “You’ll know the Kith when you see them, dear.”
“We’ll go ahead and move ya off the boat and into the inn. Get ready for work on her.” Skree said, leading them to a table at the inn located at the foot of the wharfs. The trees that made the structure were so old that they had almost grown together. Narrow windows filled the gaps, letting in light. 
“You think it will be that simple?” Niri asked.
“You being a Water Elemental and all?” Skree asked. Niri blushed but did not deny his comment. “I don’t see any harm in ya. They’ll see the truth of the matter and make their decision. We’ll send a runner tomarrah to let them know yer here.”
After so many days of sailing with the group divided as night and day, Lavinia had wanted to believe it was going to be that easy. They would stay in this quiet place made of living trees along the sea. Then as they gathered their belongings from the boat, Ty found Lavinia pulling the sword out of its hiding place.
“Where did you get that?” Ty asked, angry.
“On the boat, after Sardinia.”
“That isn’t yours to keep.”
“It isn’t yours either,” Lavinia snapped back hotly. She clutched the sword to her chest as Ty looked at her in surprise.
“What do you think you are going to do with it? You can’t use it sailing. When we get home, you’ll have your apprenticeship.”
“Why?” Lavinia clipped his words short. “Do you think there is anything new I can learn about sailing? And apprentice when? When this is done? I’m not leaving with you and Ria, if you go. I’m staying to finish this with Niri. You aren’t my father, Ty.”
“You don’t know what you’re saying, Vin. You aren’t going to learn to sword fight, for goodness sake. Why would you?”
“Because I want to.”
“Don’t be such a child.”
Lavinia’s anger coiled inside of her like a snake. “I turned seventeen two days ago, Ty. I’m not a child. I would have left for my blasted apprenticeship in just over three months. Like it or not, Ty, I am an adult.”
Ty’s face blanked, his gaze shifting far off for a second. Then he lunged at Lavinia. “No, you will listen!”
Lavinia jumped back, whirling and sprinting for the door. She was closer to the cabin stairs than Ty, and made the wharf before he was on deck. With Ty in pursuit, Lavinia ran headlong past the inn and straight into the forest.
She'd been running since. Her lungs ached so that she thought they would split. Stopping again, Lavinia listened for the sound of her brother, holding her breath to hear over her gasps. She could not even hear the sound of breaking waves. The forest rustled leaves high overhead, an animal grated a call, but there was nothing else. Lavinia panted, the sweat on her cooling in the slight breeze. Her pants, damp from the mist drenched ferns whipping her legs, stuck to her as she bent over. She breathed in the smell of earth and broken plants.
It was the slightest noise behind her, the rustle of fabric rather than leaves, that sent Lavinia spinning around. She pulled the sword from its leather sheath as she turned, holding it before her ready to fight. There was nothing.
She waited, knowing someone was nearby. Slowly, she scanned the small woodland opening. Then he became clear to her.
A man who looked about her age stood in front of a wide tree trunk twenty feet from her. His skin was patterned and striped like bark. His hair, a russet brown, blended into the forest around them along with the browns and greens of his clothes. She blinked, finding his green eyes staring back into hers. Lavinia let the sword point waiver. She had finally found the Kith.
He moved like the wind, smacking the sword with a long stick she had not even noticed he held. The sword jarred her hand so that she released it. She glared at him angrily, lunging for the sword. He flicked it out of her reach with the staff, and it disappeared into a clump of ferns. His green eyes laughed at her.
The sound of something crashing through the forest rose behind her. Lavinia gasped, whirling quickly. She couldn’t see her brother, but he had to be close to make that much noise. Desperate, she looked around the clearing for somewhere to hide. 
Her frantic gaze came back to the Kith. His expression was concerned now, hesitant as he looked beyond her into the forest and back to her face. With a look, she pleaded for his help, not knowing if he spoke trade or not.
“Come,” he said, voice a low alto, soft and warm. 
He held out a hand. Lavinia stepped forward, reaching toward him as he moved toward her. Their hands joined and he pulled her closer, spinning both of them together as if in a dance. The world spun around her, a quick flash of wood grain, then sunlight and leaves. Lavinia stood in the Kith’s arms on a high branch above the clearing.
She leaned into him as she looked down. He chuckled deep in his chest. Inexplicably, Lavinia smiled as well. 
Below her, Ty crashed into the clearing. His hair was tangled and eyes dark. He didn’t look angry like she thought he would. He looked lost, as if everything was rushing out of control. He scanned the forest for her, never glancing down to see the fallen sword nearly at his feet or up to see his sister. Ty stumbled out of the clearing, tripping on a fern that grabbed his calf.
Lavinia sighed. “He’ll never find his way out.”
“You know him?”
“He’s my brother.”
“Oh, that does explain things.”
Lavinia smiled up into his green eyes. “You have a sister?”
The Kith smiled back. “Yes, a younger one, as a matter of fact.” He paused, gaze curious. “I am Darag.”
“Lavinia.”
A second noise below caught their attention. Niri walked more carefully into the clearing, parting the feathery blanket of ferns as if it was a green sea. She paused, scanning the forest. With a startled gesture, she gazed up at Lavinia. Her eyes shifted sideways to the Kith at Lavinia’s side, widening when she focused on him.
“Naiad, why are you here?” Darag asked, tone cool.
“We seek help. Our boat is damaged and we need assistance to fix it.” 
“You know her as well?” Lavinia nodded at Darag’s question. “You associate with an interesting sort,” he said to her, his voice rich with laughter.
“You can state your case before the council tonight. I will send someone to show you and your ... party the way. They will decide if we should help you.”
Niri nodded, gaze moving to Lavinia. Before she could speak, Darag continued. “Oh no, I saw the other one. I don’t trust him. Lavinia is welcome to come with me now. You can follow later.”
Lavinia smiled at the unexpected invitation. “I’ll be fine Niri. It will give Ty a chance to cool off.”
“Yes, I’m sure thrashing about in the forest for a few hours to find out you went with someone you just met will make your brother feel much better.” Niri smiled as she said it, giving Lavinia the impression Niri thought Ty was getting exactly what he deserved. “Send him back if you see him. I’ll see you tonight, Lavinia.”
Niri turned and disappeared back into the forest. Lavinia glanced at Darag. “How exactly do we get down?” She was surprised to notice, now that she looked, that his skin was smooth. The mottling that mimicked bark was a color pattern only and not a texture. 
His green eyes laughed as he answered her. “The same way we came up.”
He still held her loosely, but now he pulled her closer. He stepped toward the tree, twirling them together. Lavinia was ready for it this time and she felt the strange sensation of joining with the tree, flowing along it, through it, and then they were standing again in the clearing.
“Oh.”
“Pick up your sword; you shouldn’t leave it here. Just be careful with the blade.”
Lavinia glanced at him as she leaned over. “Why?”
“I cannot touch the metal.”
“That doesn’t make sense. Niri said you were like dryads. I thought you’d be able to shape metal.”
Darag looked at her in surprise. “Niri is the naiad you are with? She is right in a way. We are not Elementals like those in the Church.” Darag spat the word much the way Ty had. “We are bound to a tree at birth. We live and die by our tree in the forest. And yes, we can shape wood, stone even, and impure metal. But pure metal would poison our trees and so it would poison us.”
Lavinia paused beside him. “The sword would have poisoned you? Even if I just nicked you?” Her hand trembled as she slid the sword into its sheath.
“Well, maybe not a nick. But it isn’t really worth finding out.”
Lavinia shifted the sword to the side away from Darag as they began to walk through the woods, heading deeper into the forest.
“We will find Laith Lus and tell him about your troubles. He will send someone to fetch your brother and friend.”
“Friends: there is Ria, too.”
“Another one? Your brother, a naiad, and what else, I wonder?” Darag said it teasingly, but Lavinia blushed. “Ah, something indeed, then. Come, it will be up to Laith Lus what is to be done with all of you.”
They walked together through the forest in silence. Lavinia’s worry over meeting Laith Lus was overcome by the towering forest around her. The underbrush grew thicker. Bird calls echoed through the mist and moss, high in the forest canopy. Only flickering light reached the ferns and shrubs scattered between the enormous trunks. Lavinia saw few young trees that she thought she could stretch her arms around and be able to touch her fingers. 
 “Why was your brother chasing you anyway?” Darag asked.
Lavinia blushed again. “We were fighting over the sword. I want to learn to use it and he just wants me to be a sailor.”
He looked at her in surprise. “You don’t know how to? You turned as if you did. I thought you knew how to fight.”
The heat across Lavinia’s cheeks intensified. “No, not at all.”
Darag considered her. “You should learn, then. I think you could be quite good.”
“That would be wonderful. I just need to find someone to teach me well enough so that Ty can’t stop me from learning!”
Darag laughed. “I think I could manage that before your boat is fixed.”
“Really?”
“If you like.”
Lavinia grinned.





Chapter 16
LUS NA SITHCHAINE

The early darkness of the forest lightened ahead. Ria’s heartbeat jumped in tempo. She tripped over her feet, wobbling unsteadily for a moment. 
Ty did not notice, his narrowed eyes blazed in one direction only, seeking one thing. It was Niri who placed a gentle hand on the small of Ria’s back. The warmth from Niri’s touch lingered despite the damp chill in the air. 
Ria forced a deep breath as they stepped into the clearing marking the center of Lus na Sithchaine. Dusk’s blue light filled the open sky, saturating a place that was already unbelievable in its mythic glow. Two matching trees of towering height stood like sentinels at the far side of the opening. Their highest branches caught the last of the sun’s rays. Within the darkness of the surrounding trees, knots of golden light twirled and scattered, reforming a distance away like glowing birds or butterflies. It took Ria a moment to realize the lights that did not move were from houses.
The two Kith guides paused at the edge of the clearing, their faces indifferent, although they gave the trio a moment to catch their breath and take in the sight of the city. As Ria’s eyes adjusted, she could make out the aerial houses that looked like massive thickets of mistletoe lit from within. Between them, branches arched as living pathways, swooping slowly downward. Houses made from limbs and vines grew at all levels, even a few along the ground visible by their lights in the evening shadows between the tree trunks.
Niri let out a slow breath. Ty drummed his fingers against his thighs. His eyes strained through the growing darkness to the people who milled at the far side of the clearing. Nervousness flickered through Ria again. She chewed at her lip, hearing her mother’s voice admonishing her. A rush of homesickness flowed through her, but it was no longer the sharp pain it had been. If she wanted to see home again, it depended a great deal on the next few moments. She squared her shoulders and stepped next to Niri.
Ria had found herself alone on the boat after Lavinia’s flight with the sword, Ty’s mad dash after her, and then Niri’s decision to pursue them both. She sat down, alone for the first time since before the solstice festival and completely unsure what to do with herself. 
The minutes stretched on until she became aware of the liquid sound of gentle waves lapping the hull of the boat and the creak of the ropes tying it to the strange wharf. Her arms were locked at her sides, fingers curled around the edge of the bench as she leaned forward as if she was expecting someone back at any moment. Someone who would tell her what to do. She had been sitting that way for a long time. 
It had been the realization that she was waiting not for company but for instructions that made her stir. She had flexed her hands and found they listened to her commands. She could choose to do anything she wished.
All my life, I’ve been waiting. What I’ve always feared has happened, but not as I imagined it would. And I’m still here waiting. It was a sick realization.
In the gentle rocking of the ship, Ria began to laugh. The sound startled her, which made her laugh harder until she sobbed with such force her sides ached. It didn't take long until all the frozen moments of not being in control of her life fell out of her. Alone, she rubbed the tears off her cheeks, gathered up her bag of belongings, and walked down the wharf to find her room in Drufforth’s inn.
Niri came back first. She found Ria sitting downstairs talking to Gaylin and Kara, who was the innkeeper, and drinking fermented cider with honey. Niri was disheveled. Her dress, which had always looked too boisterous on her, was muddy and fern whipped. Strands of her thick brown hair fell in loose waves around her face. Niri looked no more frightening than Ria’s aunt had appeared after chasing three troublemaking lads through her family’s orchard. Ria giggled and pushed a tankard toward Niri. 
Gaylin and Kara made themselves busy while Niri sat and caught her breath, eyes flicking sideways at Ria. 
“Did he catch her?”
Niri shook her head. “No. Lavinia found a Kith lad, man, before Ty found her. She is going to Lus na Sithchaine and we’ll join her tonight to go before the council and ask for help.” Niri paused, taking a sip of the cold brew. “You and Ty should be able to get their help to find a different boat south. Assuming Ty makes it back in time to go.” Niri wouldn't look directly at Ria. “I’m sorry to have left you alone today.”
“That’s all right. Really, it was ... nice, actually. I haven’t had a chance to think since we left Mirocyne. Sardinia doesn’t count.” Ria felt a frown slide across her face, but it didn’t stick. She spoke again as the thoughts came to her. “I don’t want to leave.”
Niri’s head swung around as she finally looked Ria in the eye. “You want to stay?” Niri asked.
Ria shook her head, her vision out of time with the motion. She pushed her tankard away. “I’m not sure what I want, but I want the time to figure that out. That might as well be here, since this is where we are.”
A smile grew on Niri’s face. She sat back in her chair. “That seems very fair.”
“I do think that if they agree to help, we should get the boat fixed.”
Ty came back minutes before two Kith teenagers arrived to lead them to Lus na Sithchaine. He was out of breath, his shirt stiff with sweat, and a hollow look had eaten the spark, angry or teasing, that commonly filled his face. Hearing that Lavinia was already ahead of them slumped his shoulders. With no time to change, Ty walked back into the forest as he was, tired, sore, dirty, and lost.
Now, despite her resolve not to shrink from the journey of what happened after her worst fears were realized, Ria’s heart hammered a staccato. The Kith teenagers were distant and strange, with patterned skin and simple clothes of natural colors. The strange Kith city unnerved her further. All Ria really wanted to do was hide.
“Ria, Niri!” Lavinia’s dark hair, unique among lighter heads of the Kith, was the first sight Ria had of her friend. Lavinia embraced her as though she had come to visit after a long absence, releasing her to greet Niri likewise. 
Lavinia gazed over Niri’s shoulder at her brother. Ty glowered at her. Lavinia spun and linked arms with her friends. 
“You won’t believe what I’ve seen!” she said. “But first we have the council. Then you have to meet Darag, if I can find him again ...” Lavinia strained forward, pulling them along. “He’ll turn up. He is the one who showed me around today and he promised to teach me to use my sword if we get to stay. Niri, did you know the Kith can’t touch metal?”
Ria giggled. At Lavinia's surprised glance, Ria said, “I haven’t heard you talk so much since we were eight and you came to my family’s estate for the first time.”
Lavinia grinned at the memory. 
“But they are dryads,” Niri answered.
“That’s what I said, but they’re not - well, not exactly. It has to do with the trees. You’ll see. I hope.” Lavinia glanced at her brother. 
Lavinia led them forward through the Kith until they were between the sentinel trees. Ahead an empty space lay before three Kith, who faced the crowd and them. Swarms of light danced around the three, painting them in a flickering glow of ethereal power. 
“That’s Darag,” Lavinia whispered, nodding toward a figure on the left. Ria could see little in the faint light. Darag’s eyes were lost to shadows, the markings of his skin blending with the night. “Laith Lus is in the center.”
“He is the Kith elder?” Niri asked.
“Yes, I met him earlier. He moves so slowly that you only notice it when you look away and then look back. But plants grow when he talks to them.” Lavinia’s face was a mixture of awe and fascination. She looked at Ria, squeezing her hand. “He was very nice, though. You don’t need to worry.”
Ria’s smile felt tight on her face. 
“Who is the woman?” Niri asked as the crowd behind quieted. Ria’s heart hammered faster.
“Shai Bannan, the second elder.”
“Did you meet her, too?” Ria asked in a throaty whisper.
Lavinia shook her head. “No, but Darag told me about her.”
The one Lavinia said was Laith Lus stepped forward. In the brighter light of torches, Ria could make out the shocking white-gray of his hair and the ancient stone-blue pools of his eyes against mottled skin the color of an ash tree wet from a storm. His appearance did not ease her trepidation.
Ria wasn’t sure if they stepped forward or the Kith stepped back, but suddenly it was only the four of them standing between the gathering of Kith and the three council members. Ty stood with shadowed eyes gazing up at Laith Lus in defiance. Niri held her ground, breathing purposeful breaths. Despite Lavinia’s assurances, Lavinia looked nervous. Ria took her hand.
“You are the naiad?” Laith Lus’s voice was the roar of the wind in the branches of trees.
“I am.” 
“You are not a Priestess with the Church?”
Niri did not hesitate. “I was.” A hissing murmur ran through the assembled Kith. “I was taken by the Church when I was nine and taught there to be a Priestess. But I was cast out and have since realized how wrong the Church is, how cruel. I am a Water Elemental only and not a Priestess, not any longer.”
Ria could sense the disapproval from the Kith like a black pit opening behind them. The expressions of the three judging them echoed their displeasure. 
Niri waited. Laith Lus drew a slow breath.
“She saved my life.” Ria's voice trembled a little and she could barely hear above the pounding of her heart. But she released Lavinia’s hand and stepped next to Niri. “That is why she was cast out. She saved my life from the Church and the Curse.”
“She has saved all of us from the Curse, twice now,” Lavinia added, moving to stand on Niri’s other side. There was a shifting sound in the crowd behind them.
“What are you, child, that the Church and the Curse seek you?”
“I don’t know. I have magic ... it runs in my family. But I don’t know what good it is or what I can do. Every time I use it ... the Curse comes," Ria stammered.
“What do you seek here?” Laith Lus demanded.
Ria tried to speak, but nothing came when she opened her mouth. 
Niri spoke instead. “Our boat was damaged by the Curse. We need to get it repaired so we can sail to the Temple of Dust, where we hope to learn something in the remains of the library to protect Ria or hide her from the Curse. We could not seek shelter in the towns of the Archipelago without risk of being found.”
“You do not seek to go to the Temple of Ice?”
“No.” Niri said, voice uncertain.
Laith Lus stared into the empty space before him. “Do you have proof of what you say?” he asked, returning his gaze to Ria. 
She shook her head. “No,” the word came out as a plea. She closed her eyes and tried again. “No, please, if I use my power the Curse will come. The Church will come. They do not know we are here.” Laith Lus waited, watching her. “Please do not ask me to do that,” Ria whispered against a closed throat.
Laith Lus' thoughtful gaze changed focus. He stared beyond Ria. She turned and saw Ty, silent as an angry ghost.
“What have you to say regarding this?”
Ty stiffened, fists clenched for a fight. “It happened as they say.”
“But not how you liked?”
“No, I have not liked anything about this since we met Niri in Mirocyne.” 
“Then why are you here?”
“To protect my sister and Ria from the Church, from Niri, and from you if I must.” Ty took a step forward. A hiss ran around the clearing. Laith Lus and Darag exchanged a glance.
“Bahl fait’haf teyhl tonwhah.”
Darag’s expression turned grim with Laith Lus’s words.
“Ty, stop it!” Lavinia turned and stood in front of her brother, one hand on his chest.
“They took you today,” Ty said tightly.
“I wanted to go with them.”
Ty looked at his sister coldly.
“Your sister is a woman grown and a guest here, not a prisoner,” said the elder.
“We’ll talk about it back at the inn,” Ty hissed to his sister. 
Lavinia whirled away from her brother, crossing her arms and staring into the grassy shadows. 
When Ria returned her attention to Laith Lus, she was surprised to find a bemused smile on his face. 
“I have seen all I need to understand the truth. We will fix your boat as you ask. It will take two weeks. Until then, you may visit us during the day and stay in Drufforth at night. Tonight, have dinner with us and then we will see you back.”
Lavinia grabbed Ria in a hug. Niri let out a long breath. Only Ty remained unmoving, gaze locked on the three council members. 
The Kith dispersed, the rustle of their fabric and feet sounding like a breeze through a field of saplings. But Laith Lus had not moved and his silent form halted the crowd. The old man’s eyes slid from Ty to Lavinia. “Except Lavinia. We have opened our homes to her. She may stay here in Lus na Sithchaine if she chooses.”
Lavinia's excited glance included Ria as well as Niri. Ria couldn't return the smile. Anxiousness filled her to think Lavinia wouldn't be in Drufforth with her.
Ria turned away, catching a look of hatred as it crossed Ty’s face. He was staring at Darag.





Chapter 17
DARAG’S PROMISE

Morning light flickered and moved through Lavinia’s borrowed bedroom like a living thing. A faint breeze fluttered the leaves in the interwoven branch walls of Beite’s home, sending light shimmering. Crystals hanging amidst the vines and branches flashed dancing colors in the swinging light. Watching the random patterns, Lavinia lay abed a few moments while she recovered from her dream.
In it, Ty had left her again. She still saw her brother’s face from the night before. He had spoken to her only once after Laith Lus’s invitation to stay, and that had been to ask if she was coming back to Drufforth. 
“No, I want to stay here,” Lavinia had answered, wishing her brother would understand.
He'd looked at her as if she was a stranger. “We may leave while you are here with your new friends.” He turned and stalked into the night.
Niri touched her shoulder, distracting Lavinia from the chokehold her throat had on her lungs. “Do not let him change your mind. We don’t have much time here. You should enjoy it.” Lavinia huddled in Niri’s arms.
“Why can’t he be happy?”
“I don’t know,” Niri answered. “But it isn’t your job to make him happy. You are responsible for yourself.” Niri touched her cheek and let her go. “I will see you tomorrow,” she said before walking off.
“Don’t worry, I don’t want to leave, not without you and Niri. Ty will stay, too, you’ll see.”
Lavinia nodded at Ria’s words, her chest loosening again. For one moment as she watched her brother and friends walk away, Lavinia had been alone among strangers. Then Darag had found her.
That memory gave her heart a quick beat. At the same instant Beite, Darag’s younger sister, stuck her head around the door frame. She smiled shyly, finding Lavinia’s focus instantly on her as she bounced into the room. Beite hopped onto the foot of the fragile-looking wooden bed with more force than Lavinia thought reasonable.
“I didn’t want to wake you.”
“I’ve been awake, just watching the sunshine. I like the crystals in the branches.”
Beite smiled, ducking her head to hide the blush that rose across her nearly white cheeks. Unlike Darag, Beite was white with faint gray mottling on her skin. Occasionally, slashes of black broke the pale pattern, including one across her cheek, which gave her a fierce look. Her hair was reddish-blond, even lighter than Ria’s golden locks. With all her pale coloring, Beite’s eyes were the most surprising. They were a deep brown, almost the color of black earth.
“The house, it is still growing. That’s why it's so small. You should see my brother’s,” Beite said with a mixture of awe and sisterly disgust. She glanced down, embarrassed again. “I’ve never had guests before. I’m glad you like it. I’m also not much of a cook, so my mother invited us up for breakfast.”
Lavinia guessed that Beite meant up literally. She swung her legs out of bed and hurried to dress.
Beite led them along the clearing and up the branch paths where Darag had played tour guide for Lavinia the day before. She had seen little of Darag since he’d introduced her to his sister, who had offered to host Lavinia. This morning, mist hung amidst the trees around the clearing. Houses vanished in the grayness while brightly colored creatures chittered from branches overhead.
“Is it common to give your guests so much attention?” Lavinia asked, her attention more on memories than on the aerial city. The council and dinner the night before were still on Lavinia’s mind, slowing her pace despite the crisp morning.
Beite’s pace matched Lavinia’s as she walked on the balls of her feet, appearing to need a reminder with each step not to run ahead. She looked over at Lavinia and grinned. A strange flush spread through Lavinia’s chest.
“No, not really. But we get few guests, at least right in Lus na Sithchaine.” 
Beite's merriment caused Lavinia to wonder if Beite was teasing her. “Well, we seemed to have been the exception, then!”
“Not ‘we’ - you.”
Lavinia’s cheeks flamed hotter. “I ... I don’t know what you mean. There were people bringing us food ... and that berry drink, oh, and that bread, all night. I don’t think I ever ate so much. There wasn’t any meat, though. You don’t eat any, do you?”
Conversation was easy with this Kith girl, who moved like a sapling in a playful wind. She was the opposite of Darag’s intense green eyes and slow movements. He had always seemed to pause before he spoke, a faint smile on his lips. 
“No, sometimes fish, and who was it who brought you the food?” 
“Um,” Lavinia thought back, pushing aside the memory of Ty’s sullen face and Ria’s pale nervousness. Of the four, only she and Niri had seemed to be excited. “There was this boy with reddish hair who brought me the drink, and another, with brown hair like soil, who brought the bread.”
Beite giggled. “You still don’t see.”
“See what?”
Worry crossed Beite’s face. “Where you are from, you are old enough to kahta ... um, to choose a man?”
“Yes, why? Oh.” Lavinia stopped in her tracks. “But everyone always prefers Ria,” Lavinia blurted out.
“Ria, she was the sallow one, yes? What an odd place you come from if they prefer her.” Beite watched Lavinia for a moment as they started to walk again, her head tilted to the side. “You really didn’t know they were trying to get your attention? You have someone back home?”
Lavinia shook her head, looking down and blushing madly. “No,” she forced out through a tight throat. “I’m just not used to such attention.”
Beite stopped in front of a house that grew where tree branches parted over three hundred feet above the ground. Nestled into the nook of limbs, the beams of the house made with living branches of the tree were straight and stout. It was completely unlike the delicate structure of Beite’s lace-like home.
Beite entered without knocking and led Lavinia into the rear of the house. A tall woman with hair a deep auburn fed small dark rocks into a tall stone stove box. When the woman straightened, Lavinia realized she was taller than Darag. Her skin was a deep mahogany mottled with russets but her eyes were the same green as Darag’s.
“Mom, this is Lavinia. Lavinia, this is my mother, Suileag.”
Suileag opened her arms and embraced Lavinia, kissing her on the top of the head. Lavinia felt the same comfort as her own mother’s hug and found herself holding Suileag tightly. Stepping back, she blinked away a few tears.
“I’m so pleased to meet you,” Lavinia said hoarsely.
Suileag smiled. “I am so pleased you have come to us. Darag has spoken quite a bit about you.” Her words made Lavinia smile.
“He says your brother has quite a temper.” Suileag said, expression worried.
Lavinia flushed. “He just wants to protect me, keep me from making the choices he thinks are wrong.” A little of the anger held over from the day before fell out of Lavinia as she realized what she had said.
Suileag nodded. “You are young, then, to be so far from home?”
Lavinia shook her head. “No, I would have left home in a few months anyway. But he has been away for a while. He forgets I’m not a child any longer.” 
The concern left Suileag’s face. Lavinia took a breath without feeling the tight bands around her heart.
“I don’t think Darag sees it that way. He was quite upset at your brother and he is not usually distraught. Now go, go and sit in the front room. I will have breakfast for you in a few minutes, go.” Suileag waved both of them away.
Beite wove her way back to the main room and sat on a curving chair made of interconnected branches that hung from the ceiling. Lavinia cautiously tried the one next to it.
“I’m confused,” Lavinia said after a moment of testing the strength of her legless chair.
Beite glanced at her from where she gently swung. “About what?”
“Where is your father? You don’t mind I ask?”
Beite blinked and shook her head. She looked toward the kitchen before speaking. “I forget that you aren’t from here. I suppose we are different to you. My father died while I was quite young.”
“I’m sorry,” Lavinia said softly. “How?”
Beite spun her chair. “His tree got a disease. There are some things that not even Laith Lus can cure.” She peeked toward the kitchen again. “It has been hard on my mother. It is a long time to be alone.”
“Alone? She won’t remarry?”
Beite sat forward, startled, and then laughed. “No, the Kith only kahta once for life. Is that how it is where you are from? You can choose more than once? It does not seem so special that way.” Lavinia blushed under Beite’s amused gaze.
“It isn’t unheard of, if you are young and have lost your spouse.”
Beite shook her head. “How strange. We take a long time to decide, some longer than others.” Her lips twisted with annoyance, but before Lavinia could ask, Suileag came into the room bearing two bowls. The smell of roasted nuts, honey, and apples filled the air. As her belly rumbled, Lavinia forgot Beite’s comment.
Before she finished eating, the door pushed open. Darag walked in, giving Lavinia a warm smile before hugging his mother.
“My sister has taken care of you, then? Not left you to sleep on the floor?”
Beite stuck her tongue out at her brother.
Lavinia laughed. “Yes, she has done a very good job. I should think you would congratulate her rather than tease.”
“Hah! You aren’t going to steal her all day, are you?” Beite asked.
Lavinia’s heart flipped at Beite’s petulant question.
Darag’s green eyes danced. “Perhaps. I have a promise to keep with your guest. I will have her back before your curfew.” Beite blushed and crossed her arms with a huff. “If you would like to join me?” 
Lavinia blinked under Darag’s gaze. “Of course. Thank you, Suileag. I will see you later, Beite.”
Lavinia walked out the door, stopping as she saw the edge of the branch pathway with only moving green leaves below.
“I forgot we were in the trees,” she stammered.
Darag laughed under his breath. “You seemed so content inside, I would have thought you had been here a month.” He gestured toward the path leading down. “Your friend, Whef’aylpah, the naiad is here.”
“Niri? Why do you call her Whef’aylpah?”
“It is our word for ... water purifier. It is how I remember her after what you told me yesterday.”
Darag led Lavinia down to the clearing. Across the grassy expanse, Niri sat talking to Laith Lus. Ria and Ty were not to be seen.
“Did my brother or Ria come as well?”
“I have not heard that they did,” Darag answered.
Lavinia was quiet, her heart skipping a beat while it ached at the same time. She could not sort out the thoughts tumbling through her head. One thing caught and she grasped hold.
“You told Beite you had a promise to keep with me?” No such obligation came to Lavinia’s mind.
Darag glanced at her, his eyes bright. “I promised to teach you to sword fight while you are here.”
Lavinia’s thoughts fell out of order again. She couldn’t find a reply before Niri’s voice reached them.
“How can you be sure you haven’t the other skills of a dryad?”
“I am not sure. It could be possible.” 
Laith Lus’s answer brought Darag up short. It also reminded Lavinia that Darag could not touch metal. Which made his promise of learning to use a sword seem dangerous. Nothing was making sense today, not in the way it should. 
Lavinia greeted Niri, asking the first question that popped into her head. “How is my brother?”
“Eating, drinking, you don’t need to worry about anything else. I brought some of your things. I thought if you were here for the two weeks, you’d need more than the clothes you were wearing.”
While Niri spoke, Darag remained frozen, eyes locked in Laith Lus’s steady gaze. “Nohle tonwhah erh,” Laith Lus said to Darag. With the gentleness of a breeze, he took Lavinia's hand. “I’ve sent your things to Beite’s house. Now go, both of you. Enjoy this opportunity that has come.”
Darag nodded slowly, his eyes remaining unfocused. But his expression became animated again as he turned to Lavinia. “I know just the place.”
Darag led Lavinia along the clearing and then into the forest. The trees opened by a narrow and fast-moving stream. Moss covered the boulders along it, but a wide portion of the ground nearby was flat and soft in its covering of leaves.
“How will we practice if you can’t touch metal?”
“I’ll make two practice swords from wood - see?” Darag searched the ground, picking up several sticks and discarding them. Finally choosing one, he ran his hand along its length. It straightened and tapered under his touch, two branches sprouting outward to form a hilt and guard. The casual use of such skill rocked Lavinia back on her heels. 
“This should be about the same weight as your sword.”
Lavinia took the wooden sword gingerly as Darag continued to search for another stick to craft into his own practice blade. “What did Laith Lus say to you?” she asked.
Darag glanced up, his green eyes flickering bright in the dim light of the small clearing. “That we would talk later.”
“Do you think you really could have more powers than you realized?” she asked as Darag walked back to her, a newly formed practice stick in his hand.
Humor raced across his face with a roguish smile. “Nothing is for certain. Now come, I will show you how to hold the sword and how to stand.”





Chapter 18
TY’S ISLAND

“I won’t go with you!”
Ria’s shout echoed in Ty’s ears as he stormed down the inn’s stairs and hurtled toward the exit. As he took the ten paces from the bottom step to the door, he saw heads turn and a few people rise from their seats. His dash burst into a run. 
He hit the small skiff Skree had lent him with both feet, his momentum surfing it away from the end of the short dock. The slipknot pulled out with one practiced tug and he was fifteen feet from the dock before he even sat down to grab the oars. No one pursuing him would have any chance of catching up.
The dock extended back to the small town of Drufforth without a soul along its length. A great seabird spread its black-tipped, alabaster wings and took off to skim toward the far end of the bay. Ty bit the oars in deep and hauled back with all his might. 
He was halfway around the point of the bay, fighting the tide and wind, when his fury finally left him. His cheeks were damp but he would have denied to the world that it was anything other than sea spray. In futile disgust, Ty slammed the oars into the skiff. The tide caught the boat and it bobbed along on the swells, finding a direction dictated by forces greater than him. 
Today, the waves tossed him up on a small island north of Drufforth’s bay. Ty waded through brisk water to drag the skiff onto pale, crystalline sand. He flopped onto the ground next to the boat to stare across a stretch of deep-blue water to the mountainous forest towering over the shore. 
“My sister is in there somewhere,” he said to the tiny sand lizard that poked its head into the sunlight next to him. It blinked as disturbed sand grains rained down around its head. Ty gritted his teeth and lay back, feeling the sun-warmed sand through his shirt. Arm across his eyes, he couldn't see the dark forest or its stunted twin on the island. There were only the sounds of wind and waves against the beach. He could have been anywhere.
The dreams rose the instant he relaxed into the blackness. This time it was the night of the council meeting in Lus na Sithchaine. Before him stood Niri, Ria, and Lavinia, silhouettes barely discernible in the dark. His stomach clenched as first Ria and then Lavinia supported Niri’s actions. Lavinia placed a hand on Niri’s shoulder as she stepped forward and spoke. 
In the swarms of living light, three Kith stood watch, weighing the words spoken. Their eyes were on Lavinia, one set concerned, one heavy with thoughts, and the last with a look that boiled fury in Ty’s chest. The Kith that his sister had whispered to Ria was Darag gazed at Lavinia with a proud fondness. It was a look too unmasked and far too intimate for Ty’s liking. Lavinia did not belong in Lus na Sithchaine. She certainly did not belong with a Kith boy.
His sister’s words echoed from the forest, growing louder with each reflection. "She saved our lives, twice."
Ty bolted awake. Sand scattered from the folds of his clothing as he sat up, sending three lizards diving for protection. He held his head for a moment, rubbing his eyes while the knots in his stomach unwound. The daylight was too bright for his eyes. The faces in his dream haunted his mind, but they were better than the nightmare version of his failed apprenticeship. Or the dream from the night before where he battled the Curse alone while Niri taunted and called it to destroy him. 
“It wasn’t just him,” Ty said to the nervous lizards on the beach, offering them some of the bread he found in his pocket. The thin, tan creature with scales that glinted like tiny crystals froze, cocking its head to look at the food with one eye. It flashed a deep violet color, lunging forward to grab the morsel before squirming into the sand. Ty chuckled and then sighed at the empty beach.
“Everyone looked at Lavinia that night,” he muttered. 
Ty lay back down, this time watching the clouds overhead. A freshening breeze rustled the shrubby trees on the island behind him. His thoughts left him uncomfortable. The Kith had looked at his sister the way everyone in Mirocyne had watched Ria. He had once gazed at Ria with the same yearning and rapture himself. That was why he recognized the desire in the strange faces of the Kith.
If Lavinia had grown up with such attention he would have put a stop to it. Ty shifted his shoulders against the sand. Of course, Ria was an only child. She had no one other than very nervous parents to protect her. 
No wonder the girl is afraid all the time.
His angry words at her that morning rang in his ears. Ty sat up quickly again, putting one hand to the skiff. But it was already too late. Chop roiled the sea between him and the mainland. The tide out of the harbor was fast and opposite the direction he needed to go. While he had watched unseeing, the clouds above him had thickened to a woolen gray. 
If he’d brought the skiff’s sail, he could have risked the waves before they became any larger. But with only oars, there was no beating the sea’s intent. Ty was stuck on the island until the storm wore down to calm again. 
With an eye to the lowering sky, Ty dragged the small boat further above the waves. He placed the upended prow on a rock, tying down the bow line to keep the wind from catching it. He dug the stern into the soft sand. By the time the rain started to drizzle against the overturned hull, Ty was in the small shelter beneath the boat with a fire dancing light across the beach. He happily fed it broken sticks.

—

Drufforth appeared unchanged in the morning, mist still thick in the harbor. It wasn’t until he was nearly to the small wharf that he saw three Kith men standing on the now beached Grey Dawn. The desire to yell at them fell with a heavy weight onto his innards as he realized what they were doing. Darag, Ty recognized him with a cold sweat, stood shirtless with his hands on the mast. He worked with his eyes closed, humming low. The fibers of the mast knit themselves together while Ty watched. 
Ty blinked back his awe. His gaze grew cold as Darag opened his eyes to stare directly at him. Darag’s mouth pulled tight. Ty looked away with disdain, to see the merchant boat heading south was already gone. But he had suspected that. His ride to the Archipelago was gone. 
Despite that, the weight stifling him lifted as his eyes found his sister and Ria sitting on the sand between the two rooted wharves. For a moment, Ty thought they were waiting for him and had been worried about his night away. Then his spirits crashed again with enough force that they threatened to bury his hopes forever. 
Ria and Lavinia sat side by side, feet buried in the sand as they had done as girls in Mirocyne. Neither of them gazed down the wharf to where he stood. Lavinia rocked sideways, nudging Ria with her shoulder. Ria smiled bashfully. Quickly sober, Ria picked up a pebble and threw it at the water. 
“They pulled the boat yesterday morning. You should have seen it. Niri floated it on a tide she created while the Kith rolled the logs forward. It was really impressive.”
Ria’s voice floated across the water. Lavinia’s soft laugh was barely louder than the breeze.
“I’m starting to think you wouldn’t mind being an Elemental.”
Ria tossed a pebble with a bit more force. “Huh, it would have been easier.”
Lavinia was silent for a second. “You should have seen Niri’s face when you saved my parents’ boat.”
Ria stared at Lavinia. “Really? She was impressed?”
“Very.”
Ria stared across the harbor with a smile pulling her lips wide. Ty couldn’t remember the last time he had seen that expression on her face. He blinked rapidly, the rope tying the skiff to the dock forgotten in his hand. 
Ria’s smile changed to a smirk. She nudged Lavinia with her shoulder.
“He’s looking at you again.”
Lavinia blushed a rosy pink. She peeked up through her lashes toward the boat where the Kith worked. Darag’s eyes caught Lavinia’s and a smile flashed across both their faces.
Ty cinched the knot with force. His momentary idea of joining Ria and Lavinia evaporated. He leapt onto the wharf without another glance toward the Kith or Ria and his sister.  As his feet left the wooden dock, he turned his steps away from the inn and the wharves to head along the ramshackle wandering paths of Drufforth toward where its edges were lost to rocks and forest.
Ria’s voice followed him.
“You like him?”
“Yes, a lot.”
“I think he likes you, too.”
Ty wished with all his heart for the noise and bustle of an archipelagic city.





Chapter 19
LESSONS

Darag repositioned Lavinia’s hand. 
“For this defense you need to have your hand lower, here. That way you can take the force better and not lose your grip.”
Lavinia nodded, her eyes narrowed with concentration. Sweat stuck a strand of her dark hair to her brow. Darag resisted the urge to brush it away. 
“Like this?”
Lavinia moved forward, dancing through the series of moves with a fluidity that usually came only after years of practice. Darag grinned.
“Yes, only now try it against me.”
“I never win against you.” Lavinia’s voice was a bit petulant, reminding him of Beite. But she moved back to the first position, holding the sword in perfect form.
“That’s because I already know what you are going to do.”
Lavinia went rigid, her eyes widening. Then a wicked twinkle lit her sky-blue eyes.
“Really?” She drew out word.
Darag’s chest constricted with warmth, a laugh escaping with his exhale. He smiled down at Lavinia with a reckless grin while his heart beat as if they’d been practicing for hours. 
This time he had to be quick to counter her blade as defense slid to offense. She knew it, too, surprising him with a quick thrust. His block overextended her reach and he gently knocked the blade from her hand. Despite the loss, she was grinning. Darag shook his head, a smile remaining on his lips, as well. She was always surprising him.
Turning to walk back to the center of the small clearing, he realized that they were not alone. Cuileann had approached without his notice. A cold wave swept through Darag with sudden self-consciousness, displacing the heat from the moment before. He stood stiffly as Cuileann swaggered toward them.
Lavinia had picked up her sword. She glanced at Darag, a line forming between her brows when she saw his expression. Her gaze followed his, widening when she saw the new arrival. 
Beite rarely went a day without mentioning Cuileann. He wasn’t old enough to choose, nor was Beite anywhere close to being old enough herself, but it didn’t keep Beite from dreaming or Cuileann from flirting. Tall, with light-brown patterns across his skin, red-brown hair, and golden eyes, Cuileann received a lot of attention. In Darag’s opinion, it showed. 
But he was a skilled fighter. As he walked across the clearing to join them, he casually shaped a practice sword from a stick. Lavinia’s expression remained far from impressed. Darag had to suppress his smile. Lavinia was not Beite.
“Lavinia, I don’t know if you’ve met Cuileann.”
Lavinia took Cuileann’s measure. “I’m not sure…”
“Well, I’ve seen you.” Cuileann brushed off the lack of recognition.
“You fight as well?” Lavinia asked, taking more interest as she nodded toward his sword. 
Cuileann gave her a winning smile. “Of course.”
“So, how am I doing then?” she asked, crossing her arms. Darag sensed the doubt hidden under the tough front Lavinia presented to Cuileann.
“Not bad, but it should be more like this.”
Cuileann spun through the moves Lavinia had just executed. She watched carefully, her initial reserve falling away.
“See, your hands move here. Grip the sword so.” Cuileann placed his hand on Lavinia’s. He pushed her arm forward and slid the other hand down. “You see?” Cuileann asked, face close to hers.
Darag swallowed and looked away.
“Yes, I think so. Let me try it against you.” 
Cuileann poised forward on the balls of his feet, his wooden sword held at the ready. Lavinia did not hesitate. She strung together the skills Darag had shown her over the last few days and mixed them with some ideas of her own. She moved smooth and fast.
Cuileann blocked one thrust, startled. It was not the offense he was expecting. Cuileann countered the next two, but as Lavinia changed her tactics, he stepped back. From the look of it, Cuileann was too surprised to try an offense. It gave Lavinia the advantage. 
Lavinia hooked her sword around his, sliding the wooden blade along the top of his while twisting the point underneath. With one movement, Cuileann’s sword went flying from his hand before he could react. Lavinia smiled brightly. There was an edge to her look. 
“I think I’ve got it.” Lavinia said in a dry tone.
For a moment, Cuileann looked miffed. Then he started to smile. “Yes, I think things have worked themselves out pretty well here," Cuileann said, a twinkle in his eye as he peered at Darag. Without elaboration, Cuileann meandered from the clearing, picking up his lost sword on the way. 
Darag stared at the leaves on the forest floor. His heart hammered in his chest while something tight strangled his throat. There was a thought that he did not want to acknowledge on the periphery of his mind.
“Are you okay?” Lavinia asked with concern.
Darag shook himself. He smiled down at her, the automatic response warming to something more personal without his intention. She stood a mere foot away. The top of her head reached just to his shoulder, he noticed.
“Yes, a break?”
Lavinia nodded, joining him when he sat on a rock next to the stream. 
“Did I do something wrong?” Lavinia asked timidly after a short silence.
Darag barked a laugh. “No, not at all! I’ve rarely seen Cuileann so surprised.” Darag chuckled, pushing aside the implication that Cuileann had left behind. 
Lavinia smiled and relaxed with a sigh. “That’s good. Sometimes I don’t know what I’m supposed to do here.” She paused and looked over at him. “Why do you know how to fight? It seems so peaceful.”
“We only fight to protect our trees and our homes. If we need to, we can fight very well.”
“Beite said your father died years ago. I’m sorry,” Lavinia said, quietly.
Darag looked down at the stream. The pain was old, but still present. “Yes, his tree caught an illness. One that Laith Lus had not seen before. We could not cure it, and when the tree died, my father died.”
Lavinia blinked rapidly. “Niri said that you were bound to a tree at birth. You fight to protect your trees ... your life is bound to them.” Lavinia’s voice filled with new understanding.
Darag returned her gaze steadily. It took a second to overcome the resistance in him. But Lavinia had to hear this even if it changed what she thought or felt ... what she shouldn’t feel, he reminded himself. If she did.
“Yes, Kith are bound to a tree that sprouts at his or her birth. The parents plant it, and only they and the child know which tree the child belongs to. We age as the tree ages. We die when our tree dies.”
Lavinia looked around at the massive forest. “You live as long as your trees ...” Her wide blue eyes returned to his. “How old are you?” The question was barely a whisper.
Darag looked swiftly away, his skin flushing. He did not look at her as he mumbled, “Sixty-two.”
“You’re sixty-two?” Lavinia’s voice was incredulous, rising over the tumbling stream.
Darag blushed again. “Comparatively, it is not so very old. The trees can live to be over six hundred years. Laith Lus is nine hundred and eighty-six.”
There was no comment from Lavinia. Darag felt frozen, waiting for her to move away and go back to her friends in Drufforth.
“So, comparatively, I’m actually older than you.”
Gaze jumping back to her, Darag found laughter in her eyes. “You are enjoying that, aren’t you?” Caught so completely off guard, Darag started to chuckle as well. Something loosened inside of him, a part that he had always thought solid and impenetrable. 
Laughter bubbled out of Lavinia, a growing cascade rising in release. In tears, she leaned against Darag, gasping for breath. He found himself holding her loosely, laughing as tension left him. Her shoulders shook with mirth against his chest. 
“I thought that would bother you more. That our ways would bother you more.”
Lavinia shook her head, occasional giggles still escaping. “I’ve been chased by a magical dragon Curse that wants to eat my friend, who, it turns out, has powers the Church wants to destroy. And I found out that my brother hasn’t been where he said he was or doing what he was supposed to be doing while actually doing a few things that were far from honest. Really,” Lavinia said, looking merrily at Darag, “this is the most peace and fun I’ve had in weeks - in years, maybe.”
Seriousness calmed the giddy fluttering in Darag's heart. He reached out and brushed a lock of hair behind her ear, his hand lingering on her cheek. 
“I want to know everything. What you’ve been doing. Where you grew up. How you ended up here.”
“Perhaps during lunch?” Lavinia’s bright smile was hopeful.
Darag pulled her to her feet. He led her high along the paths of Lus na Sithchaine, slowing as they approached a house nestled in the upper branches of a great tree.
“This is yours,” Lavinia said as she stepped around where he hesitated.
For the first time, he saw his house with an outsider’s perspective combined his own familiarity. Every line was purposeful yet graceful. It blended into the branches of the tree not as a batch of mistletoe like so many of the aerial houses, but more like it was part of the tree’s choosing to have changed its shape. Darag had always been proud of that. 
But it was not a house from the Sea of Sarketh where Lavinia surely was from. It was not white marble with tiered windows or stucco warm from the sun. Lus na Sithchaine with its far-flung and varied living houses was vastly different from the cities of her people, with their large dwellings built next to each other above sparkling seas. The thought struck him with a moment of vertigo.
Lavinia entered before him, pausing a pace into the room. She pivoted on the ball of her foot, as if in a sword lesson, looking around. With easy grace, she walked to a branch thrusting out below a window. She sat, pulling her knees to her chest as she leaned back against the wall, instantly at home in the treetop abode.
“I see why your sister is jealous.”
Lavinia gazed about the room. Light dancing in the leaves overhead glinted on the inlaid glass that comprised the ceiling and sent patterns across her skin. Her neck curved as she gazed upward in a line matched by the branches behind her while she sat in a room that was full of moving light, yet eternally still.
Darag left her there with the image of her curled on the bench captured in his mind. He found food through familiarity rather than sight.
When he returned, Lavinia had not moved. She took his offering of bread and vegetables, eating without comment. He sat on the other end of the bench where he usually perched when he needed to think. This time, though, not a thought could form fully in his head. 
“I cannot believe you do not find us odd.”
“Am I odd for not finding you odd?”
Darag laughed softly. “Perhaps. You promised to tell me where you came from.”
She nodded. “Do you know anything of the cities along the Sea of Sarketh?”
“Yes, I’ve been there.”
Lavinia’s eyes focused on him. “Really? You can leave? I mean, you’ve left?” Her cheeks stained a faint rose.
Darag chuckled, glancing away. “Yes, we can leave. It is unusual to desire such because it is uncomfortable to be away from our trees, like we are missing part of our souls.” He paused. “Only Suileag and I know which tree is mine, so who is to watch it for me? But yes, I’ve left twice. The first time to the cities along the Archipelago and the second to those along the Sea of Sarketh. I will understand what you tell me.”
Lavinia’s eyes took in his face and ran across his cheeks. It was a close look, intimate enough that Darag could almost feel the light touch of it on his skin. She leaned back against the frame of the window and started to tell him of Mirocyne.
He watched the expressions that crossed her face, reading the story as much as hearing it. The sun had shifted by the time she was done. For a moment, the room was silent save for the rustle of the wind in the leaves.
Darag sat with his back to the window, both elbows propped on its bottom ledge. “This magic your friend has ... I wonder if Laith Lus knows of it? If that is what Whef’aylpah, Niri,” he corrected. “I wonder if that is what she has been speaking to Laith Lus about.”
Lavinia hopped to her feet in the same instant as Darag, the air buzzing with energy between them. They sped down the paths to the clearing, but it was later than they had realized. By the time they made the clearing, shadows had overspread it. The bench where Laith Lus and Niri had so often talked during the last few days was empty. In the growing dimness, lights were waking while a few Kith began to gather for the evening meal.
Lavinia bent over, struggling to catch her breath. She kept one hand on Darag’s arm and he cupped her elbow in the palm of his hand. Passing by, his friends Nuin and Cran Laoibhreil watched them. They exchanged a glance with a smile. Cuileann’s look when he had ceded the clearing flooded Darag’s mind. He swallowed hard before he spoke.
“We can find Niri tomorrow. You should get ready for dinner. It will be cool tonight.” He stepped back, dropping her arm.
She stood up, glancing at him in surprise. “Will you be there tonight?”
He didn’t look at her. “No, I will find you tomorrow.” 
Darag blended into the darkness between the trees without a backward glance. There was no order to his thoughts or the tangle of emotions in him. He knew of only one place to find the peace and time to sort them out. The path up to the aerie was deep in the forest or required him to cross the clearing into the gathering crowd. He would have to walk past Lavinia. He headed into the woods.
“Why?” The voice halted him. He sighed.
“It isn’t your concern, Beite.” Only his sister would know where he was going and be able to find him so easily.
“You like her. It is obvious. She likes you. I don’t see why you are running away.” 
He turned to face Beite’s pale form on the path behind him, arms crossed as she leaned on her left leg. Though slightly built, her expression was powerful and stormy.
“What do you expect? Me to choose her?”
Beite’s arms uncrossed and she stepped closer to her brother. Darag gritted his teeth against the sudden yearning that welled up in him, bringing with it the memory of Lavinia laughing in his arms. His eyes stung. 
“It isn’t that easy. Don’t you understand? She doesn’t know our ways or what it means. It doesn’t always work out. You wouldn’t want that for me, would you?”
Beite cast her eyes downward and kicked at the moss with her toe. Her expression was enough to make Darag feel guilty for the reminder of their mother’s loneliness.
“This isn’t some game, Beite,” he said more gently.
“She won’t know if no one tells her.” Beite said, sounding sullen. Darag sighed again as his sister continued. “You could at least stay and have dinner with her. She likes it when you are around, I can tell. The other boys don’t bother her half as much then. You don’t want her to choose one of them, do you?”
“She won’t.” He said it with sureness, but a hollow opened in his chest. 
Beite watched him. “You won’t even stay and go to the dance with her in two nights, will you? It only comes when the greater moon is full. The next time it happens she won’t be here! She’ll only be in Lus na Sithchaine another ten days.”
Beite’s last statement had the opposite of her intended effect. The tiny opening that had come with his inability to deny his feelings snapped shut. He stood straighter and glared down at his sister. 
“Then I only have another ten days until this nonsense is over.”
Darag turned and disappeared into the forest. 





Chapter 20
REMNANTS OF THE WAR

Niri closed Laith Lus’s journal, a finger marking the page. She placed her other hand across her eyes. Her fingers trembled against her forehead. When she looked up it was into the stone-blue pools of the elder’s eyes.
“I told you what you found would not be to your best hopes,” he said.
“Yes, but you are the only person I know who actually saw the war. I need to learn what happened.”
Laith Lus shook his head. “I was a boy, younger than Beite, when war came. I did not understand everything then, and when we closed our borders, I never had a chance to learn more. There is much I still do not know.”
“But you saw the Temple of Mist fall.”
Laith Lus held Niri’s gaze. “Yes, that much I saw. The Temple’s lands border the Forest of Falin. I went and watched to be sure the battle did not cross into Kith lands. That fight came later.”
Laith Lus’s face was tired and held old pain. Niri reached over and squeezed his forearm. He smiled sadly at her.
“I do not think this gives you more information than you had. Just more questions.”
Niri’s lips twisted with unhappy agreement. She opened her mouth to ask another question, but a soft knock sounded on the door to the elder’s house where it sat nestled beneath a sentinel tree of the great clearing.
Laith Lus stood and left her at his desk amid a pile of books. To her surprise, she heard Lavinia’s voice
“I don’t mean to interrupt, but I think I’m missing something.”
Laith Lus chuckled as he led Lavinia to another seat. “You’ve misplaced something?” His tone was serious, but Niri heard a teasing undercurrent in his voice.
Lavinia looked fretful, but it wasn’t the same worry that clouded her eyes when she asked about Ty. She sat on the edge of her seat, leaning forward as if ready to take flight. “No, there is something I don’t understa ... oh.” She paused when she realized Laith Lus was laughing silently.
Lavinia sat back with a sigh and took in Niri with her hand still in a book. “We were looking for you and Laith Lus yesterday, Darag and I.” Lavinia’s voice hitched on Darag’s name and she blinked quickly. “We were supposed to look for you today, but I haven’t seen Darag all morning.”
“Harrumph.” Laith Lus stood up with a frown. He scuttled over to his firebox, messing about with pots for a moment. “Tea, children?” he asked kindly, but his eyes remained disappointed.
“Yes, please,” Niri answered for both of them. “Why were you looking for us?”
Lavinia tapped the armrest with her index finger. “We were talking. I was telling Darag about how we came here, and about Ria. He wondered if Laith Lus had heard of powers like Ria’s.”
“I have,” Laith Lus answered, handing Lavinia and Niri steaming cups. “They are what started the war.”
Lavinia sat up. “How? Is that why the Church hunts them down?”
“Yes, that is the short of it,” Niri said, sadly.
Laith Lus spoke in a low voice. “There were always Elementals and there has always been, that I know of, four Orders. Each Order had its own temple and tended its own business. Then over nine hundred years ago, one Order thought about the strength they would have if the Orders came together and created a Church of the Four Orders. Not everyone agreed. There was arguing, stalling. The Orders were very proud. But then, something happened to begin to unite them.”
Lavinia sat wide-eyed, her cup forgotten in her hand. “What happened?”
“The Temple of Stone was destroyed,” Niri said for Laith Lus.
Lavinia swallowed. “I’ve never head of the Temple of Stone.”
“It is called the Temple of Dust now, child, for it is lost to the Great Desert of Ak’Ashanti.”
“Where we are headed.” Lavinia’s voice faded in dawning awe. “Who attacked it? People with magic?”
Niri shifted uncomfortably. “Supposedly. It isn’t clear.”
Laith Lus sighed. “It is so very far away. I was young and traveling along the Archipelago when it happened. The Elementals, calling themselves Priests by then, said it was attacked and felled by those with magic, mages who were not Elementals but some sort of unnatural deviation. They called for the remaining Orders to join them as one Church to stand and fight.
But there were rumors that the very Priests who asked for unity were the ones that caused the Temple to fall.”
Lavinia’s face was pale, her lip curled as though she might be ill. “Which Order was it?” she asked.
“The Order of Fire,” Niri said without inflection.
Lavinia trembled slightly. “Your friend, wasn't he?”
“I know.” Niri said, staring into the depths of the floor.
Laith Lus leaned forward and touched Niri's shoulder. “Drink your tea, child.” Both Lavinia and Niri took automatic sips.
“The next Temple to fall was the Temple of Mist, now the frozen Temple of Ice to the northwest of Lus na Sithchaine. I saw that happen, but even then was not sure who attacked. There was fire and shaking, strange events inside and out of the Temple. I have only known a few who held magic. I do not know what they are capable of, in truth. I only know that the Temple fell, freezing overnight to eternal winter. That left only two Temples standing: Fire and Wind.”
“The Order of Fire wanted them to join, so it was the Temple of Wind against the other three?” 
“Yes,” Laith Lus answered Lavinia’s question. “It was destroyed as well, but I never heard the how of it. I had come back to Lus na Sithchaine by then. After the last Temple fell, the Church came here demanding we join as part of the Order of Earth. We refused.” His expression was grim. “The battle lasted for months, but now the Church does not come here.”
The fire contained in Laith Lus’s stone box crackled and hissed. He raised an eyebrow at it, breaking the grim tension in the room.
Niri sighed. “You asked if I was going to the Temple of Ice when we came. I almost would, to see where it was that my Order once lived.” A wistful pain twined around her breast.
Laith Lus spoke gently but firmly. “I have heard of the library once held in the Temple of Stone. The records there predate the war. Before the war, I had never heard of this Curse. Your best chance to help Ria is to go there. It was why you came and so you must continue on.”
Niri nodded, leaning back in her chair. She chewed the inside of her mouth absently, wondering about Ria and Sinika, the Church, and the ancient war.
“You said you were looking for something, child?” Laith Lus asked Lavinia.
She blushed, pressing her palms together between her thighs and not meeting his gaze. He chuckled at her sudden discomfort. Niri had never seen Lavinia so flustered for words.
“If you don’t mind,” Niri said, “I would borrow this book a while longer and take it out to read under the trees.”
Laith Lus barely glanced at her as he nodded permission.
Niri gathered the yellowed journal. All but the beginning was written in the language of trade that Laith Lus had learned while traveling as a youth when the borders of the Forest were more open. He had forced himself to write in it to master the language, and so he had. Niri admired him more and more with every page she read.
Book carefully bundled under her arm, she showed herself out. Lavinia had gone to Laith Lus for advice, not her. Niri liked the young woman, but appreciated the difference. Though curiosity pulled her to stay. Laith Lus had told her that Darag was teaching Lavinia to use a sword. She wondered what nights were like in Lus na Sithchaine. So many questions arose that Niri could have kept Lavinia talking until nightfall. Which, by the look on Lavinia’s face, was not what she was after at the moment.
I’ll have the boat and crossing to the Southern Shore. This is Lavinia’s time now, Niri assured herself. As she walked the stone path away from Laith Lus’s house, she heard Lavinia’s voice distantly.
“I have some questions about the ways of the Kith.”





Chapter 21
COMPLICATIONS

It was something in the way Beite spoke about the coming dance, her fingers weaving strands of Lavinia’s hair into braids. Lavinia didn't wanted her hair braided, but after Darag left so abruptly, she wasn’t sure what to do with herself. When Beite came back to her house, she insisted on helping Lavinia get ready for the nightly community dinner.
Beite talked about Cuileann. 
“I just hope he asks me to dance, just once. But all the girls flirt with him. I’ll never stand a chance! You know he can choose next year? He’ll never wait for me.” 
Beite said the words lightly, but the word choose sent a quiver of turmoil through Lavinia’s stomach.
“How old are you then, Beite?”
“Only forty-five. I cannot choose for another ten years.”
Lavinia’s heart hammered. “So Cuileann must be fifty-four?”
Beite finished braiding and flopped on the bed next to Lavinia. She drew her knees up to her chest, face unusually troubled without her normal lighthearted smile. Up until that moment, the idea of choosing had seemed from Beite’s enthusiastic talk not so serious. An uncomfortable idea started to take root in Lavinia’s mind.
“Your brother could have chosen by now,” she said.
Beite sighed and picked at the coverlet on her bed. Loose strands rewove themselves under her fingers. “Oh, there is no reasoning with him. It isn’t even like he enjoys the attention. Half the girls moon over him, but he rarely dances and never flirts. Mother tells me to leave him alone, but I know she worries, too. He isn’t like Cuileann or Laireag. I know they will choose soon.”
“Well, we can at least see if they will dance with you tomorrow night.” The suggestion returned a smile to Beite’s face.
Darag wasn't at the dinner. For a few minutes, no one showed Lavinia any deference, as if they were waiting for something. Beite bit her lip and looked into the darkness. Then Laireag had invited Lavinia to sit with him. After that, the night had gone on as it had the last three. 
Cuileann brought her mulled cider with a charming smile, but his eyes slid sideways as if he, too, was looking for someone. Lavinia spoke to the same Kith lads she did every night, Beite by her side. Suileag stopped by, her expression kind as she chatted with her daughter. Even she glanced toward Lavinia several times. Lavinia felt like everyone was holding their breath, waiting. She was aware of every look, every breeze, every laugh, the feel of grass beneath her feet, the solid wood of the table, and Darag’s absence most of all.
Laith Lus’s answers given the next day only helped to a small degree. Yes, Kith chose one love for life. And when life was measured in centuries, it was advisable to make that a careful choice. Yes, foreigners had been chosen before and had lived with the Kith in Lus na Sithchaine. It wasn’t unheard of, was even welcomed, but did not always work out. Without a tree, both partners relied on the health and longevity of just one. A troubled marriage could cause a tree to sicken. The sudden addition of years, outliving relatives and siblings, caused strain and sadness that had no cure. But it had also worked out enough times that such a match wasn’t forbidden. 
Laith Lus had smiled at her warmly, taking her hand. 
“There is no pressure, child. I did not invite you here to choose or to be chosen, but to spend time with us and take a break from the journey you have taken up. You are young yet, even if old enough for such things as love. It is not always necessary that we Kith be only serious. Laugh, flirt, bring us your joy, and we will be glad of it.”
The elder’s words helped soothe Lavinia’s growing unease, but he could not answer the questions that really troubled her. Why was Darag avoiding her? Because he didn’t want to choose her, or because he did? Only Darag could tell her, and he had disappeared.
Now it was early afternoon and Lavinia felt at a loss. Every day had been spent with Darag, and she was uncertain what to do with her time now that he was gone. Niri was under a tree reading about the war, reminding Lavinia of another worry and of what awaited at the end of another week. But it gave Lavinia an idea.
She found Beite encouraging her house to grow. She raised her hands slowly, spreading her arms wide with fingers outstretched. The tree in front of her obliged, stretching upward and wrapping a branch around the edge of the roof.
“Do you want to go to Drufforth to see the work on the boat?” Lavinia asked.
“Really?” 
Beite’s excitement made the long walk to Drufforth feel much shorter. They emerged from the forest into sunlight and sea. Beite stopped at the edge of the forest, gazing at the harbor with wide eyes. 
“I don’t leave Lus na Sithchaine that often,” she whispered.
Lavinia reached for her hand. “Come on, I’ll show you around.”
Ria ended up showing both of them around. Ty was off for the day along the shore. His absence left a hollow ache in Lavinia now, like after he had left for his apprenticeship. Only then she had dreamed great adventures for him. Now she hoped he simply came back in one piece. She had heard of his outbursts all the way in Lus na Sithchaine.
Ria had virtually been adopted by Kara, the innkeeper, and her older sister Tatla. They were trying to grow a small vineyard on the south side of a hill. The forest had been pushed back by the Kith to make way for a scattering of straggly vines. As the days passed, Ria had made herself useful by tending the young plants and helping in the inn.
“I’ve meant to come to Lus na Sithchaine,” Ria said in answer to a question from Lavinia. “But I got so busy here ...”
Beite flexed a grape vine in her fingers. “You’ve done a good job, as good as a Kith.”
Ria grinned.
“You should come tomorrow night at least, for the dance,” Lavinia said.
Beite rolled forward onto the balls of her feet. “Oh yes, you have to come!” It did not take any further convincing.
They walked to the boat after that, Lavinia straining her eyes to see if Darag was among the Kith working on it. Ria and Beite exchanged a glance, causing Lavinia to blush. Her hopes fell to her feet as she saw only Nuin and Cran Laoibhreil. She sighed, scuffing the sand for a moment.
“Say, Beite, have you ever been sailing?”
“You mean on water?” Beite’s dark eyes filled her face so that Lavinia laughed. She and Ria raced Beite to Skree’s skiff, and the three took the small boat out to the harbor for lessons for both Ria and Beite.

—

The light remained bright but shadows were lengthening as Lavinia and Beite walked back to Lus na Sithchaine. Lavinia’s contentment dissipated the closer they got to the city in the trees. 
“Darag said he left twice,” Lavinia said.
“He told you that?” Beite asked. “Yes, he has always followed his own path. Restless.” She paused, frowning as she shook her head. “He said what he was looking for wasn’t here. But he came back without anything, so I don’t know if he found what he was looking for out there.”
Lavinia smiled at the tangled logic. “Well, maybe it is why he seems different.”
“Or he just is!” Beite said, laughing merrily. “He is the most skilled in Lus na Sithchaine. It is why Laith Lus includes him in council although he isn’t even a hundred, and why Nuin asked him to help on your boat. He won’t admit it, but I know he can even outmatch Laith Lus. He just says, ‘Laith Lus has more experience.’” Beite sighed.
Lavinia heard the words not as Beite said them with a mocking bite, but in Darag’s calm tone and timber. It gave her heart an ache, not a feeling she was used to.
“Well, there is no reasoning with brothers. I should know!” 
Beite giggled. 
Sunlight glinted ahead with the promise of the central clearing. Next to her, Beite stopped like she'd grown roots. Peering through the shafts of light, Lavinia found Darag in the broken shadows, arms folded across his chest as he leaned against the trunk of a tree. Her heart skipped a beat. He waited as they approached.
When she looked up at him, Darag’s eyes were shaded. His expression flickered between an apology and something akin to sorrow. “I thought you would have asked Cuileann to practice with you,” Darag said, a rasp in his voice.
“No,” Lavinia answered. “I was waiting for you.” She couldn’t bring herself to be annoyed that he hadn’t shown up to practice with her. He appeared more bothered than she'd felt since he'd disappeared.
Darag closed his eyes for a breath. When he opened them, warmth was there again. Lavinia’s heart leapt toward her throat, drumming away with a pulse that made breathing difficult.
“We went to Drufforth,” Lavinia said, feeling detached from her words.
“She taught me to sail,” Beite chimed in, rocking forward on her feet. “You should have come!”
“Yes, then I could have taught you to swim.” Beite stuck her tongue out at her brother while Lavinia giggled. “I half wondered if you would come back," Darag said to Lavinia, tone light, although his words were serious.
“I think I need to protect Beite from you for a while longer.” Beite pursed her lips and raised her eyebrows at her brother, underscoring Lavinia’s words. Darag chuckled. “Besides, I thought you would still teach me while I’m here. It was your promise.” 
Darag pushed himself away from the tree. “Come then.” He offered his hand.
Shadows scattered across the streamside clearing more than sun when they reached it, neither talking during the walk. Lavinia forgot to worry about her brother, about the journey, Ria’s gift, or Darag as she moved with the sword in her hand. Darag hardly had to correct her stance, but she found her heart fluttering each time his light touch adjusted her hand. Otherwise, she was fluid grace moving with a deadly certainty she had never felt before in her life. 
The light was fading as she and Darag circled around the clearing, swords held at the ready. This was no longer instruction, but full-out testing. Darag waited until she moved, defending first and then moving smoothly to offense. She knew that and baited him, acting to strike fast and retracting when his sword moved to block. He found only air and overextended himself. 
He gathered himself quickly, but was caught off guard. Lavinia’s volley kept him defensive. She left an opening, hoping he would take it. Again she wasn’t there when he moved to strike. Instead, she slid beneath his blade and lightly rapped hers across his stomach. She had won. Lavinia stood panting lightly in the cooling evening air. When Darag looked up at her in surprise, she was grinning.
He tossed back his head and laughed, scooping her up in a dancing hug. Lavinia laughed as well, full of the flush of having beaten her teacher. Until she became aware of his solid chest and strong arms against her back. They stopped moving, the laughter caught in both their throats. 
Darag made as if to release her, then brushed the hair out of her eyes instead. They stood together for the space of five heartbeats, caught between letting go and holding on. 
“Are we friends again?”
He blinked, startled. “I hadn’t realized we were not.”
Frustration made her frown. “I did not mean ... it is just that we should not ...” He couldn’t seem to finish either sentence. “The Kith rarely have action without intention. It is our way.” He paused again.
“I know.”
Darag raised an eyebrow.
Lavinia said quickly, “I spoke to Laith Lus this morning.”
Worry swept across his face. She held onto his upper arms as he moved to step back. “He said not to worry about everyone’s expectations.” Darag halted, watching her intently. 
She exhaled a laugh. “Actually, I think he just said not to worry and try to bring some fun because the Kith tend to be too serious.”
“That is entirely true.” Darag breathed again, a slow expansion of his chest. “So, we are to be friends, then? Is that what you want, and not to worry what else is thought or ... expected?”
Lavinia smiled, her heart buzzing in her chest where she stood caught in the cage of his arms. “Yes, I think that is a fine place to start.”
Darag’s slow smile started from a wry twist but evolved to enfold his mouth and warm his eyes. “All right, then, we shall try that.”
He looked around the clearing now cast more in evening than afternoon. “It is late. Dinner will have started. We should go back.”
“Will you stay for the meal tonight?” Neither of them had moved yet. 
Darag held her gaze, a glowing brightness in his eyes. “Yes, I will.”





Chapter 22
CHOICES

“I thought you liked my brother.”
Until now, Beite had been silent on the walk to her gently swaying home. Deep evening filled the forest, hiding the massive trunks so that only portions were visible like misplaced tower walls. The darkness was alive with flickering light and rustling leaves. 
Lavinia’s gait approached a dance despite the late hour. Her soul was alive, lit up as if it held all the luminescent creatures within Lus na Sithchaine. Beite was, by contrast, quiet. Her thoughtful gaze lay on the ground ahead.
Lavinia looked over at her young hostess. “I do.”
“But then why ... Laireag?” Beite asked, delicate brow furrowed.
Lavinia smiled warmly at the girl. “I don’t have to choose anyone.”
The words made Lavinia want to twirl. She crossed her arms over her chest to hold herself back. Beite looked at her as though she had announced she wanted to marry a dragon.
“Don’t you see? That is what Laith Lus meant, I think. I’m only here for a week more, Beite. I don’t have to choose anyone. It isn’t just about being the right age, but it has to be the right time, too.”
Beite’s lower lip trembled as she looked away. “Yes, I suppose. I forgot you were leaving, or maybe it just didn’t seem so real.” She paused, glancing over at Lavinia. “You’ll come back, won’t you?”
“Oh yes, I’ll come back. I promise.”
Beite smirked. “It was funny watching Darag flirt. I don’t think I’ve ever seen him do so before.”
When Lavinia and Darag had appeared side by side sweaty and laughing, the evening gathering had grown quiet. Knowing looks were exchanged. Then Lavinia chose to sit across from Cuileann and next to Beite at dinner. After a brief moment, Darag asked if he could join her. Lavinia barely flicked him a glance as she nodded. The whispering started and stopped throughout the evening meal.
Cuileann graced both of his new dinner companions with an easy smile of greeting, his look lingering slightly longer on Lavinia. “How go the lessons?”
“Good. She beat me today, too."
Cuileann grinned. “Good! I think it is time someone bested you.”
Darag returned Cuileann's smile. Lavinia raised an eyebrow, pretending to lord the victory over him. The look and Darag’s blush won a few more laughs. Passing nearby, Laith Lus winked at her. The night spun off quickly from there.
Lavinia didn't ignore Darag, but she didn't give him preference, either. When Cuileann gave her a choice of fruits, she smiled happily at him, taking her time in the choosing. Someone else gave her steaming cider and was given warm thanks.
Darag watched, finally leaning close to whisper, “I see you’ve become quite popular.”
She meant to glance at him, but when she found his laughing green eyes so close, the rest of the table and Kith faded into the night. He made it hard to remember to look away. 
“It’s easier than hunting down everything I want at the other end of the table.” 
Despite Lavinia's efforts, Darag never had a problem getting her attention during the meal. Even when Laireag managed to steal Cuileann’s seat when he was off looking for a plate of bread, she felt Darag’s presence next to her. She did her best to ignore it.

—

In the morning, Laireag found her at Beite’s as they were getting ready to leave for Suileag’s. He carried hot rolls as well as a long bow slung over his shoulder. Unusual for a Kith, Laireag’s coloring was all grays and blacks: jet black hair, dark gray eyes, and patterned skin darker than an ash tree. He held himself with power and his gaze was intense like a building storm. Beite let out a long sigh, seeing him standing at her door.
“I thought you might like to do something different today.” He nodded to the bow he carried as he handed them both the sweetbread.
“Archery?” Lavinia blinked. “I don’t see why not.”
Cuileann found them after an hour, just as Lavinia was getting fairly good at hitting a close target. The bow was strong and hard to pull, but the years of hauling rope and sailing had kept Lavinia stronger than she appeared. She didn’t take to the archery as easily as sword fighting, but Laireag was pleased. 
Laireag seemed to be able to hit anything he wished. Cuileann spread his open hands when Laireag offered the bow to him. “I know better. There is no outmatching you in this.”
Laireag gave him a feral smile which was returned with easy humor. Cuileann seemed to have no doubts that his best skills lay in other directions. Lavinia chuckled.
She liked Laireag. After the morning spent with him, she could see herself becoming fast friends if they had more time together. The air crackled around him and he stood in its center with complete ease. It made her wonder how much power Darag wielded, since he was considered more skilled.
Cuileann she liked as one liked a close cousin or younger brother. His antics made her smile. He was unafraid to rile Laireag, despite the sudden feeling of impending lightning that Laireag’s gaze could throw. It was an entirely unexpected and pleasant morning.
She had the bow drawn for a long shot when Darag joined them. She felt his presence before she saw him, aware of him standing quietly a pace to her right as if he was a stone in her consciousness. She flicked a glance at him before looking back to the target. Lavinia let the arrow fly. It barely struck the wooden plank. She sighed.
“You are a distraction.” She wasn’t looking at Darag when she spoke, but his chuckle told her he knew who she meant.
"Well, if you are going to cause problems, I think you should join in," Laireag said, a challenge in his eye as he held out the bow.
Darag grinned when he took it, notching an arrow and drawing the bow in one movement. Even the breeze stilled as he narrowed his eyes, focusing on the last target. The string twanged when he let the arrow fly. The shaft sank halfway into the center of the furthest piece of marked wood, sending it off its perch with a forward flip.
“I see that I don’t distract you, though,” Lavinia said with a twinge of disappointment.
“Actually, I usually miss.” The same smile crossed both of their faces. 
“Are you going to practice sword fighting today?” Cuileann interrupted, hungry for a different sport.
“Why?” Lavinia asked, “Are you going to help?”
Fighting more than one opponent ended up being a fantastic lesson. The four of them made a good afternoon out of crossing swords, fighting two against two or with one watching and acting as a trainer while one faced off with the remaining two. 
Lavinia stalked Darag again with a keen eye to making a strike when Beite stepped between them, hands on her hips. “You are going to be too tired for the dance,” she said.
Darag looked like he had a mind to teach his sister a lesson about using a sword, but Beite danced away before he could move.
Cuileann and Laireag laughed. As her surprise faded, Lavinia laughed too, realizing that Niri and Ria were there as well. She had been oblivious to everything but Darag and her sword. 
“You really know how to use that thing now,” Ria said as she gave Lavinia a hug.
“I’m getting there.” Lavinia’s glance slid to Niri.
“Don’t worry about your brother,” Niri told her before Lavinia asked. 
“Yes, Skree is taking him fishing,” Ria said.
“Fishing?”
“Yes. Apparently the full moon, when it is great, is when the largest fish rise from the depths and so it is the best time to catch them.”
Lavinia greeted Niri’s words with a disbelieving look.
“Really, he looked fairly ... content to be going,” Ria reassured her.
Beite insisted on the need to prepare for the evening, not letting Lavinia linger. She left the practice area with the sudden worry that Darag would not go to the evening festivities. She turned back to see if she could read his mood where he stood flanked by Laireag and Cuileann, but could not determine anything with her quick glance.
“It doesn’t mean we have to stop practicing,” Laireag said, his voice almost too faint to hear.
Lavinia brooded as the four women gathered in Beite’s house, filling the small rooms and overwhelming the sounds of the leaves. Niri had brought a simple dress of deep blue that darkened to violet at its hem. The cloth was soft but it wasn’t silk or satin. Ria gave Niri's choice a dubious look.
“I’m not comfortable in anything fancy. Too many years in the Church, I suppose,” Niri argued, appearing frightened of Ria’s shimmering yellow dress.
“It is a change from that shirt and skirt you wore in Dion!” Ria giggled.
Lavinia tried to smile at her friend's teasing as Beite showed her one dress after another, pointing out embroidery or color that would match her eyes. None caught Lavinia's interest. The idea of a dance felt less appealing to her than it had been the day before.
“You shouldn’t worry about your brother. I think he’ll like fishing more than dancing anyway.”
“What? Oh,” Lavinia said, attention returning to the room and its occupants.
As her three friends realized that Lavinia's distraction wasn't over Ty, they began to smile. Lavinia blushed until her cheeks felt like they would catch Beite’s house afire.
“Cuileann?” Beite guessed.
“Laireag, I think.” Ria said.
“Oh no, it has been Darag from the first.” Lavinia felt the fire in her face grow even hotter at Niri’s quiet but teasing tone.
Beite and Ria exchanged a look. Hope lit Beite’s eyes while Ria’s eyebrows rose.
Lavinia threw herself on the bed, picking up a dress and twisting the fabric in her hands. “Do you think your brother will even come tonight?”
Beite sat next to her, putting her hands over Lavinia’s. Her expression was sweet, but tinged with sadness. “I don’t know. He rarely dances. If he comes, it will be to see you.”
Lavinia felt the sting of tears in her eyes. 
“I thought you said you weren't serious ... that you don’t need to choose," Beite said.
Lavinia shook her head, unable to answer. She wiped a tear from her eyelashes. “I didn’t mean to ... I don’t intend to. I just ...” Lavinia looked hopelessly from Beite to Niri to Ria.
“Choose?” Ria asked, perching on the edge of the bed.
“This sounds serious,” Niri agreed as she pulled over a chair.





Chapter 23
DECISIONS

The wooden sword cracked against his with force but Darag held his ground. Laireag was quiet when he sparred, his concentration a turbulent cloud difficult to predict. Darag had not often fought with Cuileann or Laireag. They were younger than him and had grown into their own while he had traveled to the Sea of Sarketh. He was finding himself enjoying the afternoon far more than he had expected.
“You know you have to go tonight?”
Darag was so startled that he paused. He ducked a thrust just before it would have connected with his head. He glared at Cuileann. The second moment of inattention lost him the match. Laireag didn’t look pleased about it though.
“Damn it, Cuileann. I wanted to beat him for once.”
“You did,” Darag said as he pulled himself upright from where he'd fallen to the forest floor. Laireag had downed him with a sweep to the legs that had sent him sprawling.
“Fairly,” Laireag growled. The air around Laireag threatened a scorching. He sighed as he swung the tension of the match out of his arms. “He’s right though, you have to go tonight.”
Darag decided to stay where he was sitting. “I don’t know what I’m doing,” he said, rubbing his fingers across his eyes. He only just caught the look Laireag and Cuileann gave each other. Laireag offered Darag his hand and pulled him to his feet.
“I don’t think that is a phrase I ever thought I’d hear from you.”
“Though I’m not surprised it would be due to a woman,” Cuileann added with a grin. “They make your head spin.”
“Don’t worry, I intend to go,” Darag said irritably. “I’m even considering having fun, but haven’t decided on that yet.” He gave Laireag and Cuilean a wry smile.
Laireag chuckled deeply, giving Darag a sideways jab to the shoulder. Darag's gaze dropped downward, serious again.
“You know she’ll be gone in a week? There is no point to this. We’ve agreed to just be friends.”
“That may be what you’ve said in words,” Laireag said. 
Darag sighed. "You are both too young to choose. This is a serious thing."
"True," Laireag agreed, his teasing fading. 
"It is easy to forget you are older," Cuileann added.
As they walked back to Lus na Sithchaine, Darag broke the silence. “You are wrong,” he said to Laireag. “I’ve never known what I was doing. I’ve just known what direction to go in.”
“What direction should you take now?”
Darag frowned, looking into the gathering shadows. “I don’t know. Day is night to me when I’m around her.”
Cuileann gave a snort. “Then, my friend, do the opposite of what you think you should.”  
As the evening thickened, Darag paced. He found himself walking to the door of his house nestled high in the trees, turning on his heels, and walking back in. Indecision was not like him, nor anxiousness. He felt both now. He wanted to see Lavinia. He didn’t think he should. 
There was no one to ask counsel of. His father had been gone for the last thirty years. Laith Lus had taken him in and understood the restlessness he felt while everyone else seemed content in the Forest of Falin. But he sensed this was not a time where Laith Lus would give him advice even if he asked it. This was something he had to work out on his own. 
He stopped in his door, gazing out as he leaned against the door jamb. “Why did you have to come?” he whispered to the night wind. 
The breeze died, leaving silence in the trees. Emptiness contracted his chest. He remembered before, the feeling of restlessness rising again. For the last week it had been pushed aside by the warmth Lavinia's laughter brought. 
Darag pushed himself away from the door, running his hand through his hair. He could hear his sister’s voice ringing in his head. He was late.
The evening meal had been pushed aside to become an open banquet. The grassy expanse of the clearing stretched in the light of the greater moon. It thronged with people. Dancers twirled in the center, spiraling in a vortex of motion marked by motes of light. Along the outskirts, he found Cuileann.
The camaraderie of the afternoon was gone. Cuileann glanced up, eyes connecting with Darag’s. Cuilean shifted, causing Lavinia, who stood before him, to turn her back on Darag. She had not seen him. Cuileann flashed Darag a grin and wink. Darag returned a feral smile. Friendly rivalry promised to add to the night.
Darag slipped into the crowd. He saw that Laireag was dancing with Ria. She was laughing as he spun her around, a small orbit within the galactic swirl of movement. To the side now, Darag saw Lavinia better. Her cheeks were flushed and breath quick. She had been dancing and, by the smile, enjoying herself. Niri was nearby talking to Beite. Lavinia’s eyes left Cuileann’s to search the crowd, but did not travel toward Ria. Darag's smile was gentler this time.
The game of it went out of him. He did not want to compete with Cuileann or Laireag. He just wanted to spend the evening with Lavinia. Preferably every day and evening until she left. He did not even notice who else was around him as he walked to join the small knot of four friends. 
Laireag and Ria returned before he was close enough to be noticed. Flushed and excited, Ria looked almost an older sister to Beite. Before he'd even joined them, Laireag’s eyes fell on Lavinia. Cuileann braced his shoulders, glaring at Laireag over Lavinia’s head. Beite sighed.
Lavinia shifted, maneuvering Beite next to Cuileann with the skill of a swordswoman. Beite faced Cuileann and asked breathlessly, “Would you dance with me?”
The move had been obvious. Cuileann opted to be gracious. “Gladly.”
Cuileann and Beite turned to go as Laireag gave his attention to Lavinia. Before he could speak, Lavinia shifted, her gaze finding Darag.
The warm smile that bloomed across her face was answer enough for Darag. 
“You’re late,” Beite piped, nearly identically to how he'd imagined it earlier.
“Not very,” he said, never looking away from Lavinia. 
“I think we are about to be ignored,” Laireag said to Ria and Niri with a sigh. “Perhaps we should see what they are serving?”
Darag hardly noticed when the others left them. His vision was caught in sky blue despite the night skies. 
“You have been having fun?”
Lavinia nodded. “Yes, I almost forgot to wonder if you were going to come.”
“I didn’t want to claim all of your time,” Darag said with a laugh.
“Are you so sure I will give it all to you?” Her sarcastic tone was ruined by the flash of happiness his words sent across her face.
“Well, I know you are the only reason I am here,” he paused for the space of a heartbeat. “I see you were dancing earlier. Will you dance with me?”
The only answer Lavinia gave was to put her hand in his.





Chapter 24
THE DANCE

They moved together with the same ease they had when circling each other with swords. Lavinia knew how Darag would move. She could read his intentions in the muscles of his chest and arms. They spun in the whirlwind of Kith dancers until she was out of breath. As the music dwindled he double stepped, spinning her around once faster. Lavinia stayed close against him to keep her balance, laughing as the world flashed by.
They did not dance every round, but found themselves with Laireag, Cuileann, Beite, Niri, and Ria when they weren’t off twirling in the grass as well. But Darag was right, she never gave much notice to anyone else. Laireag, Cuileann, nor any other Kith asked her to dance the rest of the night. Instead, her hand stayed in Darag’s.
 She could feel the crowd thinning, the music fading. The greater moon had nearly crossed the expanse of the clearing. The leaves of the forest reached out to hide the lavender disk of the full moon, its craters and plains clearly visible as it travelled on its closest circuit to the planet. She could not deny the gathering was near its end.
“Do you want to walk?”
Lavinia nodded. Her heart was too happy to settle for sleep. They headed along the aerial paths into the false stars of twinkling insects and milky glowing plants. Every time they brushed each other, Lavinia tingled.
“I heard a phrase tonight and the night before. I think a few people used it in reference to me. What does Pluryh Ahk’Goaithe mean?”
Darag flushed. “You caught that? It means ‘flower of the wind.’”
“I’m still not used to that. Ria has always been considered the prettier of the two of us,” Lavinia said, her cheeks flaming.
“What have you seen of the Kith? Ria has light hair and green eyes. This is not unusual to us. I think Beite’s skin is even paler than hers. But you have hair that is like a river at night.” Darag traced his hand through her heavy locks. “And eyes the color of the sky. The Kith rarely have such traits. It is exotic. You are very beautiful.”
“Oh, and is that what you like about me? That I’m beautiful?”
Darag gave a soft snort, but a flash of sadness crossed his eyes. He dropped her hand to lean over the railing. He glanced at her, his expression fond again, although he kept his distance.
“No, that isn’t it at all.”
There was pain in his eyes. There was more of an ache than she had expected in her chest as well. She stood by his side not sure what to do. Every time she felt close to him, he pulled away. Confused, she leaned her forehead against his shoulder. He hesitated before putting his arm around her. They stood together, watching the lights move through the trees. Far below the last of the dancers swirled together like a living whirlwind. 
“What do they call Ria?”
“Fhograidh, it means pursued.”
“And my brother?”
Darag compressed his lips. “Feanntag, it means ... nettle, one who hurts and hurts others.” 
She laughed. Darag looked over at her.
“That is a good name for him. I will have to suggest it to our parents.”
Darag chuckled. He pulled her forward with sure steps as if he now had a destination in mind.
“Where are we going?”
“A place I want to show you.”
Darag did not say more. They reached a juncture where a small branch angled deliberately away into the tree tops. He led her forward, steadying her as the path narrowed. Beneath her feet, Lavinia felt the movement of the thick branch. There was no railing here. Below her stretched depthless darkness. She sought out Darag’s hand for reasons other than budding emotion.
With a hop aided by his hands, he moved her to a different branch. It led to a notch where the upper limbs of the main tree separated. A wide hollow had been shaped in the nook, forming what looked like a massive wooden nest. Lavinia had no doubt whose skills had sculpted the tree. Leaves rustled around them with a wide view of stars hanging overhead. The hour was late enough that the greater moon had slipped fully into the depths of the forest. Starlight and lantern bugs filled the darkness. Mesmerized, Lavinia stood in Darag’s arms, paused in the act of stepping down with his help.
“What is this place?”
“I call it the aery. I come here whenever I feel out of sorts and need to think.”
“I can’t imagine you out of sorts.”
Darag lifted one eyebrow with doubtful humor. “I stayed here most of the last few nights.”
Darag traced the line of her cheek, making her conscious of how close they stood. 
“Do you really know why the others kept their distance tonight when most nights they fought for your attention? Do you know what they think?”
“Yes.” Lavinia’s cheeks warmed again under his searching gaze. “Beite told me and ... and I spoke to Laith Lus. I do know.” Lavinia finished the last in a rush, looking away from Darag in embarrassment.
“You realize then how serious this is to the Kith, to me? There is flirting and then there is this,” he said hoarsely, taking her hand and holding it between them.
Lavinia nodded, unable to speak. She was too nervous to see what she would read in his expression. She stared instead at their joined hands. Rustling leaves filled the air around them.
“I cannot choose you,” Darag said, voice gruff as if he forced the words out. Now Lavinia's gaze snapped back to him. His expression was resolute but he held her tighter. She swallowed hard, choking on tears.
“You mean you don’t want to.”
“It isn’t that, my dearest love. Please, you can’t believe it is that.” With the words finally spoken, it seemed the last restraint to keep his distance fell. He cradled her against his chest. Lavinia pressed against him, his whispered words threatening to buckle her knees.
“Then why?”
“If we choose each other, they would expect you to stay and give up your quest. There are so many ways it would limit what you have set out to do.”
“Expect, but not force.” She felt the need to argue as if she was a small child again, when her brother was given privileges that she had not been allowed.
Darag released her so that he could put both hands on her shoulders and look her in the eye. “Are you really so sure? Knowing how much would change? You would be drawn to come back here so that your very bones ached for it. You would outlive your brother, your mother and father, Ria, and Niri. Are you so sure?”
Lavinia trembled. “No.”
She collapsed back in his arms, the desire to fight what he was saying flooding out of her. It left behind a dull emptiness.
“Then we will wait,” he whispered into her ear. Her breath caught in her throat. A slender thread of hope sprouted in the lost landscape inside of her. “We will wait until you come back, if you want to come back. You can have that time to think, to be certain.”
His eyes held her steady. The wild fluttering of her heart fell away under his gaze and the love in it. Her hope budded into insight and all the turmoil that had ensnared her spirit fell away.
Earlier, she had told Ria, Niri, and Beite her worries that Darag wouldn’t come to the dance. She had admitted meekly to them what she had been refusing to contemplate all week, how much she liked Darag. Niri had been the one to convince her to stop fretting. She had simply said, "There is no changing what you already feel."
Lavinia already loved him. He loved her.
Tentatively, Lavinia touched his face. Darag leaned into her palm, an ache in his eyes as he waited for her to speak. 
“If we are willing to choose each other,” she began. Darag closed his eyes. She paused, allowing the realization that she loved him to spring tears under his lashes.
“Even if we are going to wait,” Lavinia added, brushing aside a caught tear as he opened his eyes. A glint of hope fought with the vulnerability in his gaze.
“Doesn’t that mean we’ve already chosen?”
Her breath lodged in her throat, afraid that he'd say no and back away again. That frightened her more than leaving to face the Curse or outliving her family and friends. She just didn't want him to say no.
“Yes,” he answered, laughter and love filling his face. She pressed into him as his lips found hers. The kiss seared her soul with warmth, leaving her once again breathless and trembling.





Chapter 25
PARTINGS

Ria smiled to see Lavinia arrive hand in hand with Darag. Drufforth was just waking, the mist not having burned off the harbor yet. Ria had been working to load the boat the last two days, ever since the Kith had returned it to the water and double checked their work when the hull was submerged. It sat loosely tied to the wharf and ready for the journey south.
It hadn’t been the packing that had kept Ria from seeing her best friend. She had barely seen Lavinia since the night of the dance, except for when Darag came to help work on the boat. Then Lavinia had come along too, sitting on the beach next to Ria and glowing with overflowing happiness. It had sharpened her eyes to the twinkling blue of a summer’s day as well as honed her wit. It made Ria miss Lavinia all the more when she walked back to Lus na Sithchaine, but Ria could not begrudge Lavinia her time there. Ria would have Lavinia with her for weeks, maybe months, surely not a year. Darag was to stay behind.
The first time Lavinia had arrived in Drufforth after the dance, Ty had looked from Lavinia’s hand held in Darag’s to his sister. Lavinia rocked onto her tiptoes and kissed Darag lightly before letting him go. Her gaze stayed on his back as he walked down the wharf with Nuin. Ty’s eyes narrowed further.
“So, you are dating him now?” Ty asked, angrily.
“Yes, something like that.”
Ty had stalked off, anger radiating from him. Lavinia was completely unaffected. She smiled and took Ria’s hand, pulling her along to the beach. The story of the dance and after tumbled from Lavinia’s lips. Ria could not say everything sat well with her. The idea of what Lavinia had chosen twisted in her stomach. But Lavinia was happier than Ria had ever seen her. Even when she was serious, her face glowed.
“I’m still going to come with you. You are my best friend. When you are safe from the Church and the Curse, then I’ll come back. Darag understands. It will be hard,” Lavinia’s voice faltered briefly. “But I want to see this through.”
“Darag could come with us.”
“Can you imagine Ty and Darag on the same boat? We thought the run to Drufforth was bad!” Ria giggled. Lavinia sighed. “No, he agrees. The Kith have to understand that even though we chose each other, we will still be who we are. I love him, but we will have plenty of time together.”
Ria’s heart throbbed at that thought. Darag and Lavinia would have centuries together. Both teary eyed over the same idea, Ria and Lavinia clung to each other until happier inspiration flooded in. 
Now, it was time to go. Ty paced on deck, his restless steps only stopping when he saw his sister emerge from the woods. He scowled when he saw her at Darag’s side. Lavinia held Darag’s hand so tightly Ria could see her knuckles were white. If the grip was painful, Darag didn’t show it. 
Niri greeted Darag, giving him a gentle hug before reaching for the small bundle containing the last of Lavinia’s things from Lus na Sithchaine.
“Laith Lus sent a book for you as well,” Darag told her.
“Thank him for me. I hope to come back with Lavinia and stay awhile longer.”
“Then I hope to see you very soon,” Darag said with a smile.
Ria opted for a handshake, her feet never leaving the boat. Ria knew Lavinia loved Darag, but she felt awkward around him. Tall and with broad shoulders, Darag was lithely built and moved with the self-assured grace of hunters Ria had seen passing through her parents’ estate. With Lavinia by his side, the thrumming power he shed was more rounded and encompassing. But strong nonetheless. Not even Laith Lus unnerved Ria as much. 
Darag flicked one cool glance toward Ty and then returned his attention firmly to Lavinia.
Though this morning, Ria felt uncertain around her best friend as well. Lavinia wore a sword. The sailing dagger she'd grown up with was tucked on her left side. Lavinia radiated a strength that Ria had never seen in her friend before. But Lavinia's attention remained on Darag. Lavinia hadn't said anything to her, Niri, or even Ty. Ria glanced away to see Ty glaring with hostile impatience. Ria had no doubt Ty would cast off the lines as soon as his sister’s feet touched the boat’s deck.
Lavinia threw her arms around Darag’s neck, her calm resolve cracking now that it was time to leave. Tears raced down her cheeks as Darag held her, his muscles strung tight across his body. He brushed her hair back from her face with both hands, cupping her face. Their final kiss was slow and oblivious to any eyes on them. Ria looked away, her heart pounding warmth to her face while her stomach flipped to her feet. 
Lavinia had told her what the acknowledgement of the relationship meant to the Kith. Ria had only heard words. Now she was beginning to understand and it left her feeling a bit emptier for never having felt something close despite a lifetime of admirers.
“My thoughts will always be with you,” Lavinia whispered to Darag as he loosened his arms.
His eyes never left hers, although he said nothing in reply. Instead he lightly touched a necklace Lavinia wore. Ria had not noticed it before, a simple chain with a smooth wooden pendant. It was unadorned except for the glint of a green stone set to one side. 
Lavinia kept hold of the necklace as she stepped to the deck of the boat, her eyes on Darag. Niri untied the last of the ropes while Ty raised the sail. Lavinia did not move, her blue eyes bright with tears as she watched the lone figure on the dock until the boat rounded the edge of the small harbor of Drufforth. She swallowed hard as the forest closed off her view. With a quick swipe of her eyes, Lavinia bent to pick up the bundle Niri had placed on deck.
“I see you have a new necklace from your boyfriend.” Ty said, voice caustic.
Lavinia stiffened, glancing toward her brother from the corner of a narrowed eye. 
“He isn’t my boyfriend. He is my husband.”
Lavinia walked down into the cabin without looking back. Ty stood dumbly, rooted to the deck like a misplaced figurehead. Ria watched him warily, as the tiller pole pivoted freely. Niri barely hid a smile, her eyes flaring to lavender as she summoned her power. The boat turned true, no longer floundering in the confused water and wind. 
Ty sat slowly onto a bench, unseeing of the world around them. Niri stood with one foot on the ship’s rail, her gaze south as if she was trying to see all the way to the Temple of Dust. Ria shivered and followed Lavinia below, remembering the Curse and the journey north.
Lavinia stood in the center of the main cabin staring around in confusion. Her bundle of clothes dangled from her limp arm, nearly scraping the floor. Ria giggled.
“Darag didn’t tell you? It was his idea. The Kith grew the ship bigger. Darag didn’t think such a small boat would be safe for the southern crossing. Look, we each have our own cabin now!”
Ria gave Lavinia the tour. Four doors opened off the main cabin instead of two as well as larger windows, a skylight where the mast and listlessly swinging sail were framed, and a more organized galley. Ty no longer had to sleep on the Captain’s bench in the main cabin, but had a small room next to Niri’s in the bow. Two identical cabins with small beds, wider portholes, and a skylight to the boat’s deck filled the new cabins in the rear. A door connected them, so that Ria and Lavinia could access each other’s rooms without going into the main one. 
Lavinia sat on her bed, shaking her head. A bemused smile lingered on her lips. “I can’t believe Darag didn’t tell me.” 
Ria bit her lip as Lavinia finally unbelted her sword, placing it on a shelf. Lavinia glanced at her and then up through the skylight. The boom swung erratically across the view of the sky.
“I suppose I’ve overwhelmed my brother enough for one day. Why don’t we sail?”
When they climbed the steps to the deck, Ria and Lavinia found Ty still sitting numbly on the rear bench. The boom creaked as the wind caught the sail and then spilled with a sputter of fabric.
Lavinia stepped in front of her brother, hands on hips. “Ria and I will sail today. You and Niri can take over tonight. That seemed to work before.”
Ty’s expression was unreadable. His eyes slowly focused on his sister without any recognition.
“Go rest or something,” Lavinia nudged his shoulder, not unkindly.
He stood but stopped after a pace. Without turning to face her, Ty said to Lavinia, “You didn’t need to come then, as you so obviously prefer him to us. I can take care of Ria on my own.”
Lavinia pursed her lips to respond. Ria’s anger outpaced Lavinia’s annoyance.
“I don’t need you to take care of me, Ty. You make me sound like a pet, a chore! Stop using me as an excuse if you don’t want to be here. You just make everyone miserable.”
Ty rounded on Ria, his fists clenched but held stiffly at his side. His gaze slid across his sister’s face and something there arrested his boiling anger. He never fully faced Ria. He simply froze. A look full of pain washed across him. Without a word, Ty walked below. 
Ria took a breath, pointing her chin airily in the direction of Ty’s departure. She sat on the port bench, across from where Niri sat, gaze lost to a point above the deck. Niri focused on Ria. Niri looked away quickly, expression suddenly troubled. Ria sighed, thinking Niri should know not to mind Ty’s anger by this point. It no longer embarrassed her. 
Lavinia jumped as a gust pushed the boom across the boat. The boat heeled onto its side before Lavinia could grab the rope and spill some wind. For a few minutes Lavinia fixed the lines to the sail, changing the setting on the tiller pole. She eyed the horizon as the boat began to slice through the rolling waves, the bow pointed firmly south.
Niri stood as the boat settled down, sailing along smoothly. She put one hand gently on Lavinia’s upper arm and spoke quietly into her ear. Lavinia shook her head, answering in a hushed tone. Niri nodded. She turned, gaze encompassing both Ria and Lavinia.
“Well if I am to sail all night, I had best get some sleep,” Niri said before disappearing below.
“Hold the tiller for a moment, would you Ria? I want to raise the jib.”
Ria was startled into helping, finding the large boat much different from Skree’s skiff and her lesson with Beite in Drufforth’s harbor. With the jib raised and set, the boat flew through the waves. Ria could feel the pull of the sail through the whole boat. 
For the time it took the sun to move a finger’s span, the only sound on the ship was the waves against the hull, the creak of the boom, and the thrumming of the rigging lines. Lavinia’s face was troubled. She bit absently at her lower lip. Ria sat and watched the waves without thought.
There was silence in Ria, an emptiness like the vast ocean around them. Something troubled her, but it was a speck over the horizon. She could forget about it if she didn’t look for it. So she didn’t look or think, avoiding the parts of her mind that caused her chest to constrict and her breath to feel short. She sat instead, wishing Lavinia didn’t worry so much about her brother. She tried to think of a way to distract Lavinia or ease her mind, but nothing nice to say about Ty surfaced.
“You know,” Lavinia said her gaze still focused at the sea ahead of them. “Ty risked just as much as Niri to come and help you.”
Ria’s mouth dropped open. Frigid water slid down her back. “I ... I don’t know what you mean.”
Lavinia stared at her with the same expression she held when she looked at the horizon: distant and thoughtful. Lavinia had never looked at her that way before. Tears stung Ria’s eyes. She stared at the boards below her feet.
“I heard about the fights you and Ty had in Drufforth.”
“I didn’t fight with him! He was impossible. He would yell about every little thing. Nothing made him happy. He kept storming off every time I tried to talk to him. You saw him.”
Ria flung her arm to emphasize Ty’s abrupt disappearance. Her chest hurt as if she was suffocating. “I didn’t do anything to him.”
Lavinia looked away and frowned. She ran a hand through her hair just as Ty did when he was frustrated. Only Ria could not imagine why Lavinia was frustrated with her. 
“It takes two to fight, Ria. I’m not saying he isn’t impossible,” Lavinia said with slight humor. “But if you talked to him the same way you just did on the boat, well I’m guessing he didn’t take to it too well.”
Ria opened her mouth to defend herself, but choked. No words came. She leapt to her feet, ready to walk away, but stopped. There was nowhere to go on the ship. This wasn’t Drufforth where she could walk to the young grapevines or along the shore. All she could do was pace the deck or go to her small cabin. Ria began to cry.
The sobs dropped her to her knees. Instantly, Lavinia’s arms were around her. Lavinia held her until the well of emotions Ria had done all she could to ignore flooded out of her in spasms of tears. 
“We are all here for you Ria. It is going to be okay. You aren’t alone,” Lavinia said, brushing Ria’s hair from her face.
“I don’t want this. I just want to be normal. I want to have a future I can decide on. I’m so tired of being afraid, so tired.” Ria rested her head on Lavinia’s shoulder.
Lavinia kept an arm around Ria, holding her snug. 
“I know, but it isn’t Ty’s fault, or Niri’s, or even yours. No one is to blame. Either you are going to have to be mad at everyone, even your parents, or you are going to have to let it go and trust us to help you.”
Ria snorted. “I’ll be mad at everyone then. Take after Ty.”
Lavinia chuckled. Ria gave a shaky smile, taking what felt like the first breath in days. Without the ignored ball of emotions lurking inside of her, she felt lighter. 
“I’m sorry. I just don’t know what to do. I have nothing I know how to do. This is all beyond me. The whole focus of my life was just that one stupid solstice ceremony.”
Ria sat on the deck and stared unseeing at the distant shoreline. Lavinia stood and pulled Ria to her feet. The wind that had been blocked by the cabin, engulfed her, drying her face.
“Well the good news is that I don’t think it can get much worse.”
“Don’t be so sure. Maybe my best skill is messing everything up.”
Surprisingly, Lavinia hugged her tightly. Laughter bubbled out of Lavinia so that she couldn’t speak, but her eyes danced with joy. Ria thought Lavinia had lost her senses.
Lavinia shook her head, finally finding her voice. “Don’t you see? This has been the best thing that ever happened to me, coming to Drufforth. I never would have dreamed ...” Lavinia sighed. “Actually all of my old dreams seem so shallow now, so much less than this. I know we don’t know what is going to happen, but I’m so glad you have magic and we had to leave Mirocyne.”
Ria stared at her. “You are absolutely crazy.”
Lavinia grinned at her. A breath of laughter escaped Ria. She smiled back at her best friend.





Chapter 26
THE SOUTHERN CROSSING

Niri woke before dusk. Slanting light flooded her room through the skylight, moving as the ship rode the waves. There was no sound other than water surrounding her. Niri had forgotten during her time in Drufforth and Lus na Sithchaine the joys of being on a boat. All she had remembered was the tension of the run north. Now her spirit rose as the bow plummeted down a trough.
The wind wrapped around Niri as soon as she cleared the cabin stairs, her dark brown hair buffeting around her in a sudden torrent. As she cleared her vision, Niri saw to her surprise Thornastal hovering on the horizon. The setting sun illuminated the crags and vertical rock cliffs of the rugged island. It looked painted or like mirage, especially as it was in sight at the end of the first day.
“This boat sails like a dream. We’ve had good wind all day.” Lavinia’s voice rose over the noise of the sea and breeze.
“I think it will be tough to outdistance the two of you tonight.”
Lavinia grinned. Ria smiled with a meager lift to the corner of her mouth. Niri glanced at Lavinia, who offered a bashful look. Niri and Lavinia had spoken briefly about Ria’s outburst and Ty’s anger. Lavinia had volunteered to talk to Ria, but Niri hadn’t thought she’d depress the girl. Niri slid onto the bench next to Ria.
“Are you alright?”
Ria sighed. “No, not really, but I’m trying not to let that get to me too much.” There was a brief spark in Ria’s eyes. Niri patted Ria’s hand and left it. If anything, Ria looked tired. A rehash of the morning was probably not the best use of their time. Plus, Niri had to save her strength. She still the long night ahead with Ty.
Ty came on deck as the sun plunged below the horizon, his appearance heralding the night. Ria bit her lip but Ty’s gaze swept by her. He took in their location and heading without comment, then stepped in front of his sister to adjust the sail. He nudged the ship’s course to skirt the eastern side of Thornastal.
Lavinia glared at Ty’s back before shaking her head. She cast Niri a mournful look as she headed below without saying a word.
Ria hesitated a moment. Her eyes lingered on Ty. With a sigh, Ria stood and followed Lavinia below. Ty remained next to the tiller post alone, abandoned by both his sister and Ria. He didn’t appear to have noticed.
Niri stretched out her mind, finding the tide and currents of the ocean. Power flooded through her. The seas before the ship changed, smoothing in the lavender light of the greater moon. The ship raced ahead on a following sea.
Ty’s form was silhouetted by the last of the fading light to the west. He stayed by the tiller post, one hand resting on the cross brace. He could have been alone he was so walled off in his thoughts. A solitary mood settled on the ship. Niri tucked her knees to her chest and wrapped her arms around her legs. 
She and Ty had not really spoken to each other since he had told them of his apprenticeship - since he had accused her of being something untrustworthy and manipulative as well. She could not find words to break the barrier between them. Niri had made a promise to Lavinia to speak to Ty, but it seemed impossible to fulfill. 
Ria and Ty could barely be in the same room it seemed without an argument. Ty made it clear he was not going to speak to his sister. He'd accused Niri of vile intentions. It wasn’t true, but Ty believed it. Or she thought he still did. Their brief words when she had let the Curse free left things uncertain in her mind. No matter how she looked at it there was no one else to help them. Niri took a deep breath.
Niri talked about what she knew of the Kith. Ty never moved so she wasn’t sure if he was listening, but she spoke anyway. She doubted any mention of the Church or her role would be well received. But Niri hoped that at least some of her words would settle in Ty. Maybe he would understand a little of what his sister had chosen. It was all Niri could hope and the best she could do for Lavinia.
The greater moon set while she spoke, the smallest sliver less to its round face than had been visible the week before and its color a tad more rosy as it slid away from their sky. Only starlight dimly illuminated the sails when she fell silent. To their west, Niri could feel the Archipelago slipping by. By the morning, they would have begun the crossing to the southern shore.
Ty shifted in the quiet, stubbornly still on his feet. The wind and waves filled the stretching silence between them.
“Did you know she married him?” His voice was flat, unreadable as the night.
“I know the Kith only choose once, one love, for all their life. I knew Darag cared for your sister from that first day. I didn’t know she would fall in love as well and accept their ways.” Niri paused thinking of Lavinia’s angst before the dance followed by the pleasure on her face when Darag arrived. “But she still came with us. She left that behind to see this through.”
“I didn’t ask her to leave.” Ty repeated what he had said that morning, a brush of anger in his voice.
Niri exhaled disapproval before she could stop herself. She froze, afraid to say anything lest she unleash Ty’s anger. Then her own sense of injustice boiled up, overwhelming caution.
“Oh no, you only looked ready to kidnap her every time you saw her. I’m amazed she came as you made it perfectly clear you would make her returning to Lus na Sithchaine difficult at best.”
Ty spun at her. She could hear his feet against the boards of the deck although she could not see him before her. 
“Why do you do that? Be nice one minute and so cruel the next.”
Niri stared at where she thought he stood. “Me? Do you know how impossible you’ve been? How much you’ve upset your sister? She asked about you every day in Lus na Sithchaine. She worried about where you were and what you were doing. Do you even care?”
It was like there was empty air before her. Ty was so still and silent, she doubted he even breathed. This sudden absence of him frightened her, erasing her momentary anger. If he had jumped in the water, Niri would have felt him. If the air was more humid, she could have sensed where he stood. Instead, it was like his existence had suddenly ceased to be.
Panic filled her. Niri reached out blindly and brushed his hand, twisting her fingers to grasp his. She heard him exhale at her touch as if it caused him pain. She held on.
He sat heavily next to her, a choked sob escaping from his lips. Like he had held her in Tiero, Niri wrapped her arms around him. Silent sobs shook his frame. She rested her forehead against his back, feeling the force of his emotions contort his body. After a time, his breathing slowed. His shoulders no longer strained to hold back racking sobs.
Niri loosened her arms, sitting back. Ty shifted slightly, but did not pull away. She felt him turn his head toward her.
It took him a few tries to find a steady breath, but eventually he asked, “What do you know of Darag?”
Niri softly chuckled over a few tears. She leaned her head against his shoulder again, afraid to tell him what she really wanted to say - to tell him to ask Lavinia. He kept himself so closed that the fragile link she held seemed likely to dissolve at a moment’s notice.
She looked up, brushing the tears from her face. To her surprise, Ty wrapped an arm around her. Niri took a deep breath, chasing away the tightness gripping her. 
“Laith Lus said he is the most skilled of the Kith. He is very proud of him.”
A few tears lingered on her eyes. Niri wiped them away or let the salt wind dry them on her cheeks as she spoke of Darag’s family, the death of his father, and Darag’s trips south. The words came easier, the worries and sadness fading with the night. 
Dawn found Ty standing quietly at the bow of the boat before the mast. Lavinia came on deck as the first fiery edge of the sun rose above the waves. Seeing only Niri in the cockpit, Lavinia peered anxiously around. As Lavinia’s wide eyes settled on Niri, Niri nodded toward the bow. Lavinia let out a soft sigh, seeing her brother standing with arms folded across his chest, eyes gazing at the breaking waves below the bowsprit. 
It had been weeks since Niri had used her power all night. She wasn’t exhausted, but there was a tiredness in her veins that only a deep sleep could cure. Niri rose as Lavinia settled onto the bench closest to the tiller post, releasing her hold on the ocean tides with relief.
“Good luck today. Call me if there are any problems with waves or storms during the crossing.”
“I will.” Lavinia hesitated, her eyes darting to the front of the boat. “My brother?”
Niri glanced toward Ty. They had never talked during the night, not about problems or why either of them was in tears. Instead, Niri had spoken of other things and Ty had listened, neither questioning the other’s soft sobs. When silence had come again before dawn, Ty had risen to correct the sail and simply not come back. 
“I don’t know. We talked some. We will have to see.”
Lavinia nodded. Niri went below and was asleep before the blankets had settled over her.

—

A change in the roll of the waves brought Niri out of her sleep. The light was bright through her window. She guessed it was early afternoon and near the height of the worst possibility for storms. 
When she made it to deck, it was to bright sunlight and large, rolling waves. No land was visible in any direction. They were in the middle of the crossing. Dark clouds danced to the west and mare’s tails raked the sky above them. Storms were not far off, but for now the fair weather held sway.
Niri settled next to Lavinia in the rear of the boat. Ty sat near the front, not far from where Niri had last seen him. Though now Ria sat next to him. Ty’s barefoot legs dangled over the rail, the spray from the waves hitting his calves. Ria hung well back from the edge, her knees pulled loosely to her chest and arms wrapped around them. Absently, Ria chewed her lower lip, her eyes watching beads of water race along the ship’s rail. Ty’s gaze was toward the east where the sun sent beams of light across the rippling waves of the ocean. From what Niri could see, neither was speaking. At least they aren’t yelling, Niri thought with a sigh.
“Ty had me keep well east of the regular shipping channel for the crossing. I think we are going to miss the worst of the storms.”
“Has he slept at all?”
Lavinia frowned. “Dozed.” She hesitated, watching the silent figures. “Can you sail alone tonight if he is too tired?”
“I can manage, I think.” Niri glanced over at Lavinia quickly as she realized what Lavinia had said. “He’s talking to you again?”
“A bit,” Lavinia replied with a smile.
Lightning flashed overhead. Everyone looked up at the rolling clouds that were flooding the milky sky. Lavinia leapt to her feet, reefing the main sail while Ty took down the jib. Ria helped keep the sail from flying overboard, bundling the fabric in her arms as Ty unclipped it. He kept a light hand on Ria’s back as they negotiated their way aft, the heavy sail carried securely between them. Niri felt a sense of relief despite the thickening clouds.
“Vin, you are taking in too much sail.” Lavinia opened her mouth to argue, her eyes on the darkening sky. “You don’t know what Niri can do. We can use the wind.”
Lavinia had no response. Ty let out some of the main sail while Lavinia settled next to Ria. As Ty swung the boom in over the hull, the boat’s heel angle deepened. The heavy keel the Kith had shaped rose in the waves to offset the weight of the wind in the sail.
Niri felt the power thrum through her, intensified by the approaching storm and water filled air. She smoothed the worst of the building waves, easing the course of the boat so that it no longer slammed into each rising crest. She added water over the keel, reducing the boat’s angle slightly. The first raindrops slanted around them, missing the boat seemingly by a strange accident. 
“I think they’ve got it under control. Let’s take a break," Lavinia said to a pale Ria.
Both girls made a dash across the slanted deck, racing down into the safety of the cabin. Ty adjusted the sail another degree, offsetting the fitful gusts of the storm’s front. The boat sliced through the waves, sleek and fast. 
Niri’s hair blew about her in dark streams. She pushed it aside, grinning even while she lodged a foot against the edge of the bench to keep her seat. Ty’s sailing challenged her to keep the boat riding the waves just so, using them to push the ship forward while weighting the keel with water to balance the full sail. It was exhilarating. 
Ty knew it too. He looked over at her, grinning. He tossed back his head and laughed when he saw the glee in her expression. Ty stood by the tiller post, keeping the rudder angled to offset the push of the wind toward the east. Together, they skirted the edge of the storm. The sky to their west was black and laced with lightning. As the sun dropped toward the horizon and below the cloud deck, it set the sky afire.
As the waves softened without Niri’s intervention, Lavinia came on deck alone. “Ria isn’t feeling well. She’s fine. Asleep now,” she said in response to Niri’s concerned look.
“It’s okay, Vin. We’ve got it for tonight. You’ll probably be bringing us into Rah Hahsessah tomorrow night,” Ty told Lavinia.
Lavinia paused as she turned to go back below. She pivoted, turning back to give her brother a quick hug. Whispering something in his ear, she let him go with a kiss on his cheek. Alone again, Ty met Niri’s eyes. He blushed at her expression.
“I only have one sister.”
“Yes. Probably a good thing too. She is quite the handful as it is.”
Ty barked a laugh. “Yes, I could imagine the plotting if there was another.”
Chuckling, Niri watched the sun set. Absently, she bit the inside of her cheek. She jumped when Ty touched her arm.
“I couldn’t get you to shut up last night, now you won’t tell me what is bothering you.”
Niri blushed, glancing away. “You seem to be doing a little better is all.”
“You were wondering why?”
Niri looked to the boards on the deck. Faintly, she replied, “I was wondering for how long.”
That sobered Ty. He fell quiet. Finally, he said, “I’m trying. Ria said something today that ... helped.” He let out a slow breath. “The rest I’ll just have to figure out.”
“Do you think you’ll figure it out?”
A light touched his eyes. “Well, my sister can manage. I’ll certainly try.”
Niri returned his wry smile. As the clouds cleared above them to reveal a sky full of stars, Niri told Ty what she had learned of the Temple of Dust. Quietly, she spoke of Laith Lus’ journal and the war between the Orders of the Church.
“Your friend, Sinika, he is a Fire Priest, isn’t he?” Ty asked her just before dawn.
“Yes.”
“You said before you trusted him.”
“I did ... before.”
“You don’t now?”
Niri shook her head, a weight compressing her chest. “What you’ve thought about the Church is not so very wrong. I used to believe it was good, but I was blind and foolish. I didn’t see.” Niri paused. Ty took her hand. “I am sorry if I did something to hurt you, Ty.”
“No, not you. You never ... I’m embarrassed for what I said after ... after Tiero and the Curse. You did try to warn us. I can’t blame you for everything, for Arkira.” Ty swallowed hard. “It is so easy to be angry at everyone else.”
When he paused, Niri squeezed his hand. Her throat was too tight to speak. After a moment, Ty looked up, his eyes widening at the fear she knew was on her face. 
“What is it?”
“I don’t trust anyone in the Church, Ty. I’m afraid Sinika may have used me as much as Arkira wanted to use you. Only I never had the foresight to realize it.”
Ty’s face paled. He looked toward the south.
“What do you think is waiting for us in Karakastad?”
Niri could feel her pulse pounding in her wrists. “Laith Lus says the library is real. Besides that, I’m afraid to guess.”





Chapter 27
THE SOUTHERN SHORE

The coast of the southern shore emerged out of the sea to their starboard side in late morning. Ty dozed fitfully in the shade of the sail, unwilling to go below while they sailed in reach of the Crossing with its strong tides and sudden storms. He eyed the distant shoreline. The midsummer grasses of the Steppes of Umbrel tinted the gently rolling land a dark ochre-green. Satisfied that they were beyond the worst of the current, he headed below for true sleep.
When he woke, it was to twilight and without the memory of having reached his cabin. Ty rubbed his eyes, blinking up at the dusky light. The Crossing, and everything before, felt like a dream, as if he was waking up in his father’s boat before he was to leave for his apprenticeship. The feeling left him queasy. Ty swung his feet out of bed, double checking the room to be sure he was on the Grey Dawn. It was a sense of relief to know the last few weeks were real, even his apprenticeship. He didn’t want to have to go through it again.
Lavinia guided the ship, her eyes bright as she watched the nearby shoreline slip past. A sense of pride for his sister’s skill at navigating and sailing fluttered in him before it was buffeted by the memory of Drufforth and Darag. The pinch of pain was the first real connection he felt to recent days. A weight settled on him, but it wasn’t overwhelming. Not like it had been. Ty sighed.
“Do you want to take over?” 
“No, you’ve done well. If you are up to it, why don’t you take us in?” 
Ty settled on a seat next to Niri. Their conversation that morning, despite the worries she had shared, stirred something lighter in him. He felt like he could laugh, or at least manage a smile, when he was near her. Ria sat opposite, her eyes on the shore.
The dying sun set behind bleached grassland, gilding the sandy tops of small dunes. They heralded the beginning of the Great Desert. Before the dim light of evening faded completely, the swaying palms above Rah Hahsessah came into view. Lavinia turned the bow of their boat to head toward a wide canal entrance.
The city had been constructed where there was no natural harbor. Instead, the sand between buildings had been excavated and the edges shored with stone blocks. The deep canals were filled with seawater and now ships could navigate to the city center on roads of water. At dusk, lights along the edges of the canal were lit to aid navigation. Rah Hahsessah plied commerce night and day, although it was at night when the city streets awoke, as Ty had found on his first visit. During Ty’s short time at his apprenticeship, the Gypsy Empress had made the crossing to the southern shore six times. The largest city along the southern coast, Rah Hahsessah had always been the first stop.
Lavinia coasted the ship into the city, the wind off the water pushing them directly along the canal. Figures moved beyond the lamplight, barely seen between the cargo piled on the canal’s edge and secured boats. Ty strained his eyes for an empty section where they could dock the Grey Dawn. 
Hundreds of boats were tied up along the canal's edge. Even though the sun had set, the evening was early. It was still the transition time as the stones and desert released heat absorbed during the day. The air was humid and sticky. Merchants and sailors moved slowly, wearing long loose robes and headscarves to protect from the sun and wind-blown sand. The town would not really awaken for a couple of hours.
“Stall the boat here,” Ty said to his sister. There was a space between ships tied to the canal wall only a few feet longer than the Grey Dawn.
Lavinia did as she was told, spilling the wind from the boat’s sails. She looked from the stone edge across the watery gap to their ship. 
“How?”
Ty smiled. “Just hold her steady,” he said.
Darkness and lantern light broken by wavelets hid small balls floating between the other two ships. Ty grabbed a pole from the Grey Dawn and fished a mooring ball out of the water. Attached was a line that ran to the stones of the canal’s edge. Lavinia understood instantly. She held the wet line at the stern, giving Niri a glance. Niri’s eyes glowed faintly. Even with a bit of a breeze, the boat was not going to move. He had no doubt. Ty walked to the bowsprit and pulled up the other line. 
“Ready? We have to pull together.”
“Waiting for you!” 
Ty chuckled as he and Lavinia pulled the Grey Dawn sideways to nestle between the other two boats. It moved without resistance despite her draft and, when in, did not scrape the edge of the canal. He suspected Niri was the cause of both, but when he glanced at her she was looking away. 
“Now what do we do?” Ria asked as Ty and Lavinia finished cleating the boat to the iron rungs along the canal.
“There was an old road that led from Rah Hahsessah to Karakastad back when the Temple of Dust was the Temple of Stone,” Niri said.
“All roads north and south lead to and from Rah Hahsessah. We will ask in the market to see if anyone is going that way," Ty said.
Rah Hahsessah was a world very different from the cities along the northern shore of the Sea of Sarketh. The wind off the desert held a mineral smell. It pushed the sea air before it, leaving behind the scent of sand mixed with food cooking in the market. The buildings were tall blocks in the night, nondescript and with darker alleys between. Thick walled and light colored to withstand the desert sun, the houses in the city were not elegant like those in the Archipelago.
Compared to Dion and Kyrron, the sounds of the nighttime market were muted. Burbles of laughter mixed with the low murmur of merchant voices. There were no shouts or chants to hock wares. Instead, a bass flute vibrated in the night air, weaving above and below the chattering hush.
By the time they made the streets of the main market deep within the city, the night had cooled to a moderate warmth. Faint breezes drifted across exposed skin with a frosty kiss that awakened senses. Rah Hahsessah could be intoxicating, as Ryic had happily shown Ty on his first visit. He only had dim memories of that initial night in the city. 
The citizens of Rah Hahsessah spilled from the houses that had been their refuge during the baking day. Now they shopped, visited, gambled, and ate in the cooling breeze. Headscarves were unwound to reveal black or well-tanned faces. Women walked through the market in brightly patterned jewel-toned dresses. Simple music escorted their dancing steps from jangling jewelry and bells sewn on the long trailing hems and tunics.
Ria cast glances into the shadows and avoided the mouths of alleyways. Lavinia walked by her side with nary a care in the world from her look. She wore her sword at her side. It was not an unusual sight in Rah Hahsessah, but it made Ty look twice. He could not picture his sister wielding such a thing. Niri was on alert too. She floated more than walked, her concentration internal. Ty assessed his companions.
“It will be quickest if I make a few inquiries alone. I know where the traders are. Stay here and rest. You sailed all day. Order some food, I’ll be back within an hour.”
Alone, Ty found himself walking on the balls of his feet, fingering the three throwing knives he kept on his belt. In the city, learned habits were hard to break it seemed. Silently, he slipped into the darkness.

—

Ty found Niri, Ria, and Lavinia sitting at a table littered with dishes of rice, spiced meat, and vegetables a little less than an hour later. His stomach growled. Ty picked up a plate before he updated them on his search.
“Well?” Lavinia asked, expression poised between impatience and amusement at Ty’s obvious hunger.
Ty shook his head, frowning. “The merchant trains who don’t think I’m crazy said the roads to Karakastad from Rah Hahsessah do not exist anymore. If we want to reach Karakastad, we’ll have to hire camels in Tabook.”
Ria sighed. Lavinia squeezed her hand. “Not to worry. We can make Tabook tomorrow.”
“Tomorrow it is. We’ve made it to the southern shore finally, after all!” Ria replied.
Lavinia grinned, a smile flashing across Niri’s face as well. The lavender highlights scattered across her irises made it look like her eyes were shot through with moonlight. Ty’s gaze slipped off Niri as she turned toward him. He found himself looking at three teenage girls across the wide street. A girl with dark skin that shaded to soft brown around the curve of her cheeks and bare shoulders watched Ty from under her lashes. Her friend nudged the third girl. The first girl blushed. Ty’s cheeks flooded with warmth. He looked away. Giggling, the three girls disappeared around the corner of a stall in a flash of violet and scarlet silk. The scent of jasmine and sage wafted across to their table. 
Lavinia started to laugh. Ty looked up in consternation at his sister, which only made her laugh harder. Ria stifled a giggle. Niri coughed on her drink, unable to keep herself from chuckling. Despite the growing fire on his cheeks, Ty started to laugh as well. 
It was the first time he could remember really laughing in months. Tears rolled down his cheeks until he ran out of breath. Lavinia grinned at her brother, Ria’s eyes were closed as her shoulders shook, and Niri wiped a tear from her eye. It was the first time Ty felt happy to have come.
“So now what?” Lavinia asked. “Just go back to the boat?”
“Can’t we look around?” The request coming from Ria surprised Ty. But the tense lines around her mouth were gone.
“I’m game,” Lavinia said, scooting to her feet.
“I don’t see why not," Ty said.
Ria and Lavinia shot away from the table like released hawks, weaving across the boulevard toward a silk merchant. Niri waited for Ty, her gaze roaming the quiet market. Walking by his side, Niri glanced over to see Ty's attention on her.
“I haven’t seen my sister so spirited since she was a girl,” Ty said before Niri could ask anything.
“Hah, you should've seen her in Drufforth then. It wasn’t just Darag that she was driving crazy.” Realizing what she had said, Niri paused.
Ty stared at the sandy stones of the street, shoving his hands in his pockets. “I probably should have. It would have been something to see.”
Ty caught a flash of surprise on her face. Niri blinked it away. “We better catch up,” she said.
Ty followed. Ahead, Ria and Lavinia fingered piles of silk cloth. Ty picked up the gaudiest scarf he could find and wrapped it around his sister. Lavinia stuck her tongue out at him. Ria giggled over the mauve silk she was holding. As Ty moved toward her, Ria’s chin came up and she gave him a look suitable to the face of a disdaining princess. Ty grinned.
Lavinia held up a piece of teal fabric that shimmered lavender in the shadows. She eyed Niri tentatively.
“Please, I’m not good with silk.” Niri waved it away.
Ty held the soft fabric toward her, tilting his head for a broader view. “It does suit you.”
Niri blushed. “I couldn’t.”
“Oh, no. You aren’t getting out of this one.” 
Ria grabbed Niri’s hand and headed toward the back of the stall to pay. Ria was not satisfied until a hem of silver bells graced one end of the scarf and she had wrapped it around Niri just so. Outside the stall, Ria had Niri spin around in the alleyway for Ty and Lavinia’s approval, Niri blushing all the while. Lavinia grinned. Ty found his gaze lingering. A few market goers applauded in good humor.
“Enough! I think you are giving attention to the wrong person. Shouldn’t we get betrothal gifts for Lavinia?” Niri pleaded.
Ria looked uncertainly at Ty, but his smile never faltered. “That is a very good point.”
Lavinia’s eyes widened a fraction as Ty put a hand on her shoulder and pushed her ahead, deeper into the market. 
An hour later, it was nearly midnight, but the market was far from its end. Despite having sailed all day, Lavinia and Ria outpaced Niri and Ty.
“I don’t think they ever tire,” Niri said with a yawn.
“We should head back soon in any case. Tabook will be a full day sail. Someone has to be awake enough to get us there.”
Niri chuckled.
“Vin," Ty called to his sister.
“Just once around the plaza.” 
Lavinia didn’t turn when she answered him. Ria giggled as together they darted by the last market stand and into an open square. Stalls ringed the periphery of the moonlit park, while a tall fountain bubbled precious water in its center. In haste to get ahead, Lavinia dodged around a large man in a deep red tunic. He stepped back in surprise, directly into Ria’s path. She skidded into him, nearly falling if not for his quick grab for her shoulders.
Next to Ty, Niri froze. The man laughed, his extended stomach bouncing. A round face, double chin, and complexion nearly as brown as his hair left the impression of nothing remarkable. But something had frightened Niri. 
“Careful child, you could knock over someone less well built.”
Ria gave her savior a bashful smile. Focusing on her, his eyes narrowed as his fingers gripped Ria tighter. She started to squirm. Then Ty saw what Niri had sensed: the white trim of the man’s tunic rippled with embroidered red and gold flames. The man was a Fire Priest. Panic ripped through Ty.
Ria tried to pull away as a faint glow enveloped her and her captor. 
“Well, what have I caught here?”
With golden-red flooding his small eyes, a sinister look replaced the Priest's humor. Ria whimpered. Niri stepped around Ty, movements tense. 
“Let her go.”
The man turned to face Lavinia where she stood with her sword drawn. 
“I said let her go," Lavinia repeated.
“Run away, child.” 
Freeing one hand from Ria, the Priest sent a spout of flames toward Lavinia. Lavinia dodged it, jumping to the left. Ria struggled against the cage of his other arm, prying her fingers against his locked hands. Tears streamed down her cheeks.
“Stop that, girl.” 
The Priest hit Ria across the face. Her head reeled back. She would have lost her footing if not for the man’s grip. Niri hissed as Ty pulled out a knife.
“I said let her go!”
Lavinia whacked him with her sword. The point caught his tunic and ripped it from the small of his back to collar. He whirled in a fury. Fire erupted from his fingers, flying at Lavinia. She dropped and rolled toward him, whipping her sword up at the last moment. This time the sword strike shed blood as she nicked his thigh.
His sister was too close for Ty to throw his dagger and Ria blocked the Priest on the other side. Lavinia dodged fireballs, trying to get close enough to strike the man again. Unable to help, Ty glanced at Niri to see her eyes blazing swirls of aqua and lavender light. The water from the fountain sprayed toward the Priest. 
“Ria can’t use her power.” Niri’s voice wavered between fear and relief.
Ty took a breath and lunged forward.
He caught Ria’s arm. His force combined with her struggle pulled the Priest sideways, distracting him from Lavinia for the moment. Ty pulled Ria against his chest as pulsing red filled his eyes and heat fanned his face.
“No!” Lavinia shouted, voice ringing through the courtyard.
Everything fell still. Water misted the air around him. Ty looked up into the Priest’s frozen face. The point of his sister’s sword pierced the Priest's throat. Ria pulled herself from his lifeless grip, but staggered against Ty. As Lavinia pulled out her sword, the Priest collapsed downward onto his knees before falling to the ground.
Ria swooned against him. “I feel that. I felt his death. Why? How can I feel that?” Ty looked desperately at Niri, unable to understand what Ria was asking. 
Niri gathered Ria against her. “I don’t know. I don’t know.” 
Niri smoothed Ria’s hair as Ria trembled and held onto her tightly. Around them, the merchants and market goers were beginning to stir. Lavinia joined Ty and Niri, wide-eyed and pale. Her gaze jumped from Ria to the darkness around them.
“I don’t think they are happy with us," Lavinia whispered.
Ty shook his head, the shock beginning to wear off. “They don’t like trouble in Rah Hahsessah, especially the type that brings the eyes of the Church.”
“This will bring more than eyes,” Niri said with a hitch to her voice.
“We have to go. Get back to the boat and leave now," Ty said as he put an arm around Ria. He pushed Niri and Ria forward toward the nearest alleyway, Lavinia on his heels. The growing crowd closed in behind.





Chapter 28
AFTER EFFECTS

Ria leaned over the edge of the boat and threw up. Lavinia watched as Ria heaved drily, fingers gripping the gunwale. Niri kept a hand on her, rubbing Ria’s back between her shoulder blades. Finally, Ria stopped and curled up on the deck, her head against Niri’s side. The predawn darkness of the empty ocean was broken by the waning moon against the clear sky.
“Did Lavinia really kill that Priest?”
“Yes,” Niri answered without inflection. Lavinia gnawed on her lip and looked away.
“Good.”
Tears welled in Niri’s eyes. Looking away, Niri’s gaze found Ty. Without a word between them, Ty sat behind her, placing a hand on her shoulder. Lavinia swallowed and kept her eyes on her feet, watching her three companions from the periphery of her vision. They were a few feet away, wedged between a bench seat and the ship's rail. Lavinia sat on the rear seat, near the tiller post and lines to the sail. Being in charge of the ship gave Lavinia the excuse she needed for distance.
As Niri leaned against Ty, he wrapped his arms around her. Niri pressed her cheek against his and closed her eyes. She kept a hand on Ria’s head, absently smoothing her golden curls. Watching them, Lavinia ached for Darag so much she thought she would cry. A shudder went through her. 
“Where are we?”
“About a quarter of the way to Tabook,” Ty answered Ria.
Ria sat up, glancing at Lavinia. Lavinia kept her expression fixed, hoping no one noticed that she sat because her knees would tremble if she stood. Ria offered a tired smile before turning to look around the boat. Ria’s gaze took in Niri, still held against Ty without a flicker of emotion.
“Are you feeling better?” Lavinia asked. At least her voice didn’t shake.
“A bit. I ... I don’t know what overcame me. I was so scared. I wanted to use my power, but couldn’t. I kept grabbing for it but it kept slipping away. Then ... then when you killed him it all just went out of me.”
“I know,” Niri whispered. “I saw.” 
Niri took an unsteady breath. “I could see you try to call it. It rose up around you without staying attached to the ground or you, not like in Mirocyne or Sardinia when you tried there. It just rose like flames leaping from a fire, burning themselves out without fuel. But there was a glow under you, like you stood on ... on a beam of moonlight only it was soft green. Like your power. It is nearly the color of your eyes. I hadn’t thought of that before.” Niri’s attention wandered off for a moment. She gave a shake of her head.
“Then when Lavinia killed the Priest, the glow disappeared. More like exploded outward, dissipating so fast I could barely see it.”
“Why?” Ria asked.
“I don’t know. I wish I understood. I’ve never seen anything like it before.”
Ria’s hopeful look dimmed. She bowed her head, resting her forehead against Niri’s forearm.
“Maybe when we get to the Temple of Dust. I just don’t know.”
“Can we still go?” Lavinia asked. “The Church will know where we are even if Ria didn’t call the Curse.” They would know because of what she had done, although Lavinia couldn’t bring herself to say it.
“I’m not sure,” Ty said. “Rah Hahsessah doesn’t like to attract attention. People tend to disappear there without any stir.”
“But a Priest?” Niri asked. 
Ty's expression was calm, although tired. “From what I heard from Ryic, even Priests. Arkira was careful to obey the city’s rules when we were there and she didn’t listen to much other than herself.”
The four friends looked at each other. Lavinia’s heart pounded. No one had said a word of recrimination for what she had done to save Ria. Her hand still felt the resistance on the sword’s blade as she pushed it into the Priest’s throat. She knew she had to do it. The Priest had known what Ria was. It was why she had learned to use the sword in the first place. But to have actually killed someone was too much for Lavinia to comprehend. She wanted Darag to know and to tell her it was acceptable more than she wanted to breathe.
“I say we still go. At the very least we are ahead of them,” Ria said, her voice breaking into Lavinia’s thoughts.
“I agree. We’ve come this far.” Lavinia answered, trying to find the same courage as her friend. There really was no turning back. Lavinia knew that.
Niri bit the inside of her cheek. Ty traced a finger against her jaw, an affectionate look in his eyes. Niri exhaled a small laugh. Lavinia’s heart throbbed.
“Okay, let’s go then,” Niri said. 
“Good, then let’s get this boat moving. We have to make up some time.” Ty stood. From where she sat on the deck next to Ria, Niri summoned her power. The boat leapt forward toward Tabook.

—

Warm wind on her face spurred Lavinia to open her eyes where she dozed on one of the benches.  A golden dawn was creeping above the ocean and gilding the dunes of the desert to their west. On the other side of the ship, Ria was asleep with her head on Niri’s lap. Both were still wedged between the edge of the bench and the rail. 
Niri was blinking herself awake. Ty steered the ship, his gaze on shore. Even though the night had been cool, the ship’s interior had been stifling the two times Lavinia had walked below for a drink.
“How much longer?” Niri asked.
Ty compressed his lips. “We’re about half way. We should arrive midday.” His voice was heavy with dislike.
Lavinia could understand why. From what Ty had said, Tabook was a true desert town. Already the early sun sent waves of heat shimmering off the sand. Niri was silent, gazing across the ocean for a moment. Then she shivered, closing her eyes as a nauseous look passed over her face.  
Ria stirred half an hour later as the sun’s rays slanted across the deck. There was nowhere to hide until the sun moved higher and the sail would give them some shade. Ria groaned as she sat up blinking. 
“How can it be this hot already?” she asked groggily. No one answered.
The morning slipped by. Lavinia took a turn at the tiller to give her brother a break. They were too hot to eat and sipped the stored water, savoring its slight coolness despite a musty taste. 
Sitting in the shade of the cabin with legs over the starboard side of the boat, Ria watched the shoreline. Occasional winds from land blew across the sea to the boat. They were hot enough to blossom sweat. To Lavinia, Niri’s pale face looked more nervous with each passing hour.
“Have you been to the desert before?” Ria asked Niri, sensing her nervousness as well.
Niri shook her head. “No, I really haven’t been beyond the Temple and the smaller cities on the Sea of Sarketh. Mostly I went to towns along the Archipelago.”
Ty, who laid full length along the rail in the shade of the ship’s cabin, lifted his head. “It won’t be so bad, you’ll see. We’ll buy desert clothes in Tabook.”
Niri nodded. Ty closed his eyes and laid back down. Lavinia watched Niri chew on her inner cheek. The journey felt heavier now. Someone had died. She had killed a Priest. It was easier to sort through now that she had slept. Lavinia no longer waited for her brother to yell at her, appalled at what she had done. 
As they sailed, Niri watched the desert as if she was afraid it would reach out to burn her. Ria was pale as an oyster shell. Ty, for once, seemed the least affected. It sent a ray of respect for her brother across Lavinia’s soul, eliciting a fraction of confidence in her. 
Tabook was a small town with a sheltered spot for a harbor. Sand bars dotted the bay making progress slow, although Niri felt where the water was shallow ahead of them. But in the bright daylight and in full view of the rambling village, there was little more Niri could do other than to warn Ty and Lavinia.
A few scraggly palm trees and shrubby mangroves lined the shore. The remainder of the town baked in the desert sun with its squat white buildings set with narrow windows in thick walls. When they finally reached the bleached wood of the docks, it was to find the boards splintered into ribs by the heat and dry air. Ty took down the main sail and strung it across the deck, suspending it from the massive boom. It filtered the sunlight but did nothing to reduce the warmth. Not a breath of air stirred in the sweltering harbor. Braving the heat, Ty and Lavinia made their way into town. 

—

Ty and Lavinia returned after the heat of the day as the sun’s angle began to cast longer shadows. They carried bundles of cloth as well as flatbread and spiced rice dotted with raisins. While they had been gone, Niri and Ria had braved the sticky interior of the boat, looking for spare blankets and packing food to be ready to leave. Bundles for the journey lay next to the cabin door.
“We couldn’t find a guide or anyone to take us.” Lavinia said as she passed out the food. The smell of cinnamon and curry filled the space under the sail-turned-awning.
“But,” she said in response to the worry on Ria’s face. “We, uhm, bought six camels.”
Niri looked questioningly at Ty. “Do you think you can get us there?”
He shrugged. “They showed us the old route on a map that we bought as well. Ocean of water or sand, navigation is the same.”
They spent a quiet evening on the boat, knowing it would be their last for some time. Lethargic from the late night and its stresses, they lingered on deck as the setting sun erupted in shades of scarlet and gold. Ty peeled back and then stowed the main sail to let the slight wind drift across the boat. 
Finally, stars filled in the violet-black sky. The desert released its stored heat. The breezes from shore held a refreshing tinge in the evening air. With every porthole, hatch and skylight open, the cabin finally cooled off. Along the shoreline, small communal cook fires burnt. Ty saw Niri’s gaze on them.
“Nomads, from the desert. They don’t like to sleep within the city.”
Camels and sleek desert horses called hauntingly from the shadows beyond the flames. The hollow sounds echoed from the buildings of the town and across the water.
Lavinia sat with her back against her brother. Ria stretched across the other long bench in the cockpit while Niri sat with her back to the mast, watching the sky and the desert with a worried stare that grew more anxious with the night. 
Nearly falling from the bench, Lavinia caught herself. Ty chuckled at her sleepy surprise.
“I think it is time for bed.”
Ria glanced over groggily, stumbling to her feet. Ria headed below while Lavinia paused, waiting for Ty to follow her down. Instead, Ty walked to where Niri sat near the bow of the boat. He dropped gracefully down next to her, one leg sliding to dangle over the gunwale.
“You should sleep too,” Ty said quietly to Niri after a moment of silence. Lavinia watched, unexpected tears stinging her eyes. She envied them their closeness, even if it leaned more toward friendship than what she shared with Darag. Lavinia hadn’t expected to miss him so much. 
He had warned her. Darag had told Lavinia that she would be drawn to come back to Lus na Sithchaine so strongly that even her bones would ache from it. There was such a pull north that she felt even if blind she would find her way back. But it was more than that, which Lavinia was beginning to realize as she watched Niri and Ty. It wasn’t just a connection through Darag to his tree, their tree now. She missed his arms, his smile, and the light in his green eyes. She missed how much she laughed when she was near him. Lavinia’s lip trembled and a tear slipped over her cheek.
Niri glanced over at Ty, blinking slowly as she focused on him.
“I’ve never been more than a day’s journey from the sea. I was born on an island. Even the Temple of Solaire is between the ocean and the Lake of Tears.”
“Even in the desert there is water. You’ll see.”
Niri held his gaze for a moment before nodding. Ty stood and pulled Niri lightly to her feet.
“But I can’t do anything about exhaustion.”
Niri chuckled at him. A devilish smile chased concern from Ty’s face. Before Niri could react, Ty pushed her over the edge. Lavinia gasped, but she heard Niri laugh as she came up for air. Joining her, Ty gave Lavinia a roguish grin and pushed her ahead of him into the cabin.
“She’ll swim awhile. I’m willing to bet on it.”
Lavinia smiled, a bit of the longing easing for the moment.

—

They did their best to secure the boat in the morning. Ty took it out alone and tossed the anchor at a lonely spot sheltered from the wind and current. Surprise filled Niri’s face when Ty dove into the water and swam to shore.
“I thought you hated water?” she asked as he waded through the surf.
He shook his wet hair at her. “It has its uses. Hopefully, it will be enough to keep the boat safe.”
Niri nodded, her gaze no longer focused. “I’ll have a water spirit watch it. Everyone will think it is cursed.”
The camels were waiting on the edge of town, food and water strapped to the extra two camels. Lavinia glanced once more to where Ty had anchored the boat, her hand going to the wooden pendant that hung at her throat.
“You miss him,” Ty said to her. Lavinia’s eyes filled with moisture as she nodded. Ty put an arm around her. “Soon, you’ll be heading north again.”
The ache in her was almost too much to bear. If Darag felt half of what she did, Lavinia couldn't imagine what had driven him to leave Lus na Sithchaine twice. The promised tears slipped from Lavinia’s eyes as she hugged her brother. For a moment, the two siblings were one dark silhouette against the blazing desert. Then, Ty released her and helped Lavinia onto her camel. Getting onto his, Ty took a heading. With a nudge to his mount, he led the way into the desert.





Chapter 29
THE TEMPLE OF ICE

Darag pulled the hood of his cloak over his head, his face falling into the shadows of the deep cowl. The air had turned noticeably cooler and the heavy fabric made a warm refuge. He paddled his small canoe to the side of the River of Turcot. Ice clung to the rocks along the shore even though it was just past mid-summer. Above leafless branches, towers were visible in the distance. Their stone sides shimmered with frost in the morning light.
He could no sooner have stayed waiting in Lus na Sithchaine as he could have asked Lavinia to remain behind while her brother and friends sailed south. It was Laith Lus asking Niri if she was going to the Temple of Ice that had given Darag the idea. That and the story of the war that Lavinia had related, heard when she had visited Laith Lus and Niri. The hope was tenuous, that he could find an answer to what had happened during the war, but it was action rather than waiting. 
Unease had risen in him from the moment the small sailboat with Lavinia onboard had slipped from view around the bend of Drufforth’s harbor. If restlessness had once vibrated in him so that he had left the Forest of Falin, Darag had been unsure to what lengths this growing anxiety would push him toward. 
He knew Lavinia loved her friend, but Ria’s gifts troubled him. The Kith did not trust the Church, but it did not mean he would welcome a power that had possibly started a war. 
If it hadn’t been those with magic trying to gain power, if it had been the Order of Fire - the same Order that had encouraged Niri to go to the Temple of Dust? The thought twisted like a growing thing in Darag’s gut. What if Lavinia, Niri, Ria, and even Ty were walking into a trap?
One or the other thought was true. He was not sure which outcome he hoped for.
Darag pulled the canoe out of the frost-rimmed river and tied it off to a small tree. His breath was visible in the still air. Not a sound echoed through the forest. There was nothing to calm the thoughts racing through his mind. In all his years and travels, Darag had never before felt out of his element. He faced the ancient turrets of the Temple of Ice and wondered if Laith Lus or Niri would have felt the same unease.
Time was passing. Lavinia was most likely across the straight by now. Maybe even already on the Southern Shore on her way to the Temple of Dust. With a deep breath to steady himself, he plunged through the ice encrusted brambles.
The scant foliage at the edge of the river gave out to a world eternally held in winter. The trees were bare frames. A dusting of snow swept across the ground between the frozen trunks. Pockets of ice filled the hollows.
Darag walked silently, scanning the ground while straining to hear any sound, any warning. He had never seen such a place. The outer wall of the Temple rose before him. It wove through the forest around trees, rising and falling like a frozen wave of stone. Darag looked along its length in both directions. There was no opening in sight.
He placed a hand on the icy stones and paused. He could shape a doorway easily or lower the wall, but his instincts were shouting against it. He did not know if magic knew time. Old spells could catch him. He paused, wondering if he had walked into a magical ambush set in a war nine hundred years earlier.
“What am I doing here?”
Darag’s voice was the only sound. He pulled back his hand, fingers numb from the cold. His resolve wavered. He hadn’t considered not being able to use his skills. All Kith were born with power. It was a part of who they were. Already unnerved, Darag wasn’t certain if he could face the Temple of Ice as an ordinary man. He rubbed his eyes.
“There is nothing here and has not been for nine hundred years. Am I afraid of nothing?”
It was the notion that he still had power, and could summon it any time, that led to his decision. He was simply choosing not to use his skills unless there was a need. With a sigh, Darag picked left and walked along the wall. 
After fifteen minutes of walking, he came to the first gate. It might once have been a small recessed door through the wall. Now, the opening was stretched and warped out of shape to a size twice Darag’s height. Melted stones flowed over the deformed wood. Ice filled the gaps where the door no longer fit.
Darag stared at the nightmarish image a moment. Then he turned and walked on without trying to see if the door would open. If he wasn’t using his powers, he was not going to walk through a portal deformed by another’s. It was over an hour later and going on afternoon when he found the main gate. 
A canal cut through the forest and crossed under what was once an elaborate arch. Intricate carvings covered the broken remnants of stone scattered across the frozen field. The canal was encased in ice. Sections of decorated stone larger than a six-person canoe jutted from the frozen water. The cracks caused by their impact hundreds of years ago still stretched as white scars.
There was nothing left of the gate beyond melted metal brackets which twisted like skeletal arms into the frigid air. The entrance to the Temple grounds stood open across the debris studded ice. From the destroyed main gate, Darag could see an inner yard where the frozen water of the canal turned to skirt the inner wall and flow into the embrace of an ice-covered lake. Where the canal curved, a dock stood before a wide gate in the high stone wall.
As Darag surveyed the scene, an image of Lavinia, laughter shining in her bright blue eyes, flashed in his mind. A tender smile pulled at the corners of his mouth. For the first time in his memory, Darag wished he wasn’t alone. He wanted Lavinia by his side. The quiet of the place created a crushing loneliness, deepened by the endless cold.
Without her, I am lonely.
He chuckled at the thought. The memory of Lavinia in his arms warmed him, spirit and flesh. She had upset the balance of his life and finally set it right.
With Lavinia close in his thoughts, Darag stepped onto the ice of the canal. He gave the blasted stone a wide berth even though the ice felt solid. Water was not his element and he had no desire to have the ice crack under his feet. Beyond the gate and past the ruined arch, Darag’s cautious steps led him back to frozen ground. He kept his eyes on the wooden dock and the dark entrance looming over it. As he walked closer, scorch marks became visible. Darag gritted his teeth.
When Darag stood before the inner gate, he saw the full amount of damage. The remaining wood of the gate hung in charred splinters from the stout metal ribs between the stone walls. The fire had been so intense that the rocks on either side crumbled at Darag’s touch. It was almost enough to turn him around.
“The use of fire does not mean the Order of Fire is responsible,” Darag hissed under his breath. Rationally, he knew it was true. But in his soul, he was certain. The wind blew snow in his face. It felt like it lodged in him.
Doubt kept him from leaving. A part of him needed proof beyond fire twisted metal. For Lavinia’s sake, he had to stop the war within himself so that he knew what to do. Cautiously, Darag walked through the seared ruins.
Through the recessed inner gate, snowflakes swept from ramparts four stories above fell in hazy bands. Darag crossed the narrow stone courtyard into a world that was all the more unnerving for its quiet. Five frosted steps led to arched doors which stretched up another half of Darag’s height. Shards of blue and green glass clung to the remains of ribboned metal and framework. For all the exterior gates and walls, the door to the inner Temple had been nothing more than ornamental. Darag shook his head and stepped over the splinters of glass.

—

Hours later, fading sunlight glinted through ice encrusted windows high within the Temple. Shallow pinks frosted the sky above the sinking pale disk of the sun. It was a winter sunset. Darag shivered. He found it hard to believe that summer was half a day's walk away. The sun had dropped nearly to the horizon as he had searched the empty Temple. Now, there was no way to escape the circle of ice before dark. With sinking resolve, Darag realized he would have to spend the night in the frozen Temple.
The afternoon had brought only more questions. He had explored a majority of the silent Temple, finding kitchens, dormitories, work, and study rooms. Tables had been overturned, a chair in one room shattered against a wall, but mostly everything sat eerily undisturbed. There was no sign of any fight after Darag had stepped through the shattered doorway. The lack of violence and deadly cold lent the silent ruin a haunted feel.
The evening wind howled against the stones of the building. The solitary sound echoed down the hallway. He walked along what must have once been an ornate passageway with broad views of the canal and forest along one side, the lake and gardens on the other. The hallway connected the two parallel wings of the Temple, swooping between them in a graceful arch of stone. 
Before him, the hallway split to skirt an opening in the floor demarcated by a delicate railing. With a start, Darag realized he stood in the central tower directly over the entrance hall. He looked down icicle columns that plunged into the now frozen pool that constituted the floor of the room. Above him, a glass dome let in the last of the day’s light.
When Darag had crossed the entrance room earlier, he had been caught between the biting cold seeping up from the floor and the sudden flash of what the room had been before, when this had been the Temple of Mist. The frost on the blue and lavender ornamental tiles could have been fog that rose from the tumbling waterfalls to the dome overhead. The air would have been warm and humid, his feet in shallow water. A breath in of air so cold it had made him cough dispersed the image. The Temple now held only ice and death.
Now, the floor of the entrance hall fell into shadows as the sun touched the horizon. Darag shivered, remembering the dark hallway directly across from the broken doorway below him. From the windows where he stood above, he realized there was no building behind the central tower. The arched opening across from the ornamental doors of the entrance hall led to a room under the gardens. Unease writhed in him like a growing snake. 
The darkness beyond the arch had been the only time he had sensed another presence that day. It had felt alive with unseen eyes, shifting in depth and darkness. His gaze had not been able to penetrate the dimness as if the entrance looked into night itself. Now he would be sleeping somewhere above whatever lurked in that room. All because he could not stand to wait in Lus na Sithchaine for Lavinia. Because he worried about her but could find no excuse to join her. Finally, Darag pondered the danger he had put himself in.
The last glow of the sun tinted the glass dome above him. The temperature dropped further. The wind was a constant mournful howl. Wet snow hit the panes of the windows with the dull thuds of soft feet shaking the glass. It was far too late to leave. 
Darag hurried down the last sweep of the arch to where it connected again with the western mass of the Temple. The rooms opening from the central hallway were stately chambers, much nicer than the dormitories far below. These rooms contained neatly made beds, desks, and, most importantly, fireplaces. 
It took half an hour to gather extra wood from rooms along the hallway and cart it back to the chamber on the southwest corner which Darag had chosen. It looked out over the blasted main gate and felt strategic, if not safe. By the time he pulled out flint to strike a fire, his hands were shaking with the cold despite having pulled blankets around himself. 
Another try and the flint sparked, igniting a pile of shavings. The smoke hung suspended for a moment before drifting slowly up the chimney. He blew on the fitful flames, which caught on the dry wood. The smoke raced up to join the wind overhead. Darag closed his eyes as worry oozed out of him. He had truly thought the flue would be blocked and that he faced freezing to death before dawn. Lavinia would never forgive him. Darag smiled.
It was a fitful night's sleep at best. Darag spread the blankets he had scavenged next to the fire as well as under the door to the room in an effort to dampen the draft. Still, he needed to wake often to keep the fire going. The cold seeped through the stones, even close to the flames. Not enough to make him shiver, but the chill constantly reminded him of where he was. It was a disquieting night. 

—

He was awake to watch dawn’s pink chase blue shadows across the snow. A weight rested inside of him, displacing restlessness or anxiety. In his troubled dreams, he had seen again the lower portion of the eastern block of the Temple. The straight corridor there had run along a smooth wall. No doorways had led off. He had been halfway down its length when he saw the subtle change to the stone. The stonework of the wall had been melted to flow across where doors had been. 
One touch of the cold surface and Darag had known it hadn’t been fire that had transformed the rock. It had been an Earth Elemental. Now in the growing light of day, Darag thought of Niri.
“What would a Water Elemental do to fight stone?”
He didn’t know. The thought of Niri fighting against earth sent a wave of futility over him, leaving him nauseous. Whatever had been in that room had been sealed off from the outside. Lavinia’s relation of the war was that the Temple of Stone had fallen first. From what Darag could see, the Order of Earth had fought against Water here. 
If it was the Earth Elementals fighting Water, then the Order of Fire had been here as well. It was not magic against the Orders, but Elementals against Elementals.
He did not really need further proof. But there were only two levels left unexplored. Darag opened the door, letting out a breath when he saw that the hallway was unchanged. It would have been easier to have found a sign that something prowled the Temple at night. It would have been a relief to be able to name the dread that seethed in the cold from the stones and had sunk into his soul. But there was only ice and pale light. His footsteps alone broke the frost on the stone floor. 
Darag took the stairs at the end of the hallway. The chambers on the upper floors were large, encompassing several rooms with separate areas for offices, bedrooms, and even simple kitchens. Like every level below, nothing was disturbed. The beds were made and chairs slid under desks. A battle had obviously raged outside, but the Temple had been either partially deserted or prepared in a way Darag did not comprehend. The strangeness of it befuddled his mind so that he could not think clearly. 
Or it could be the cold freezing him slowly. He exhaled a rueful chuckle on a warm breath at the thought. 
The sight of a massive desk caught Darag's attention. So far he had scanned rooms, but not really entered as if he was afraid of offending the dead. A night within the cold walls had hardened him to absent spirits. He entered the room and opened up wooden drawers. Blank writing paper, quill pens, strikers for the lanterns, all were neatly tucked away, but there was nothing personal: no books, no journals. Darag moved to the next room.
He found a letter in the third. It had fallen behind the dresser. The folds were well worn as if it had been kept close. Darag opened it and read “I will always be with you, Y.” He refolded it and left it on the bed.
He found the journal two rooms later in one of the last rooms near the end of the hallway. It had been left sitting in the drawer of the desk. Over half the pages of the small leather bound book had been ripped out, but for the entry on the last page which was partially torn from the binding. Folded over, the writing was hidden until Darag smoothed it out, his fingers trembling. What was written was short, but held the answer Darag had been afraid, as much as he was desperate, to find.

“Why do they seek to destroy us? The four Orders have stood in equality since the dawn of time. There is nothing they can gain with control over all. But they don’t believe us. The end has already come.
We heard three weeks ago that the Temple of Stone had fallen. They call it now the Temple of Dust in mockery. Seeka and Byol came back to tell of the fight. They warn that since they helped the Order of Earth, we are next. Seeka said that any Elemental who did not join this new Church of Four Orders, faced death. We face not only the Order of Fire, but of Earth now as well. Their gifts have been captured and turned by the loss of the heart in their Temple.
Our only hope is in the letter of help we sent to the Temple of Wind and to Khodan. If they do not come before the Fire Elementals, there will be only one thing left for us to do. We will not submit to the Order of Fire without a fight. But first we need to protect what is important. They cannot have the essence of us.”

Darag’s heart was pounding. He shut the journal and put it back in the desk, only distantly aware of what he was doing. The cold of the room was overpowering. He remembered the warped wall and the sealed room. The Orders of both Earth and Fire had stood against Water here. He pushed the thought aside. What mattered was Lavinia. She and Niri were walking into a trap in the Temple of Dust.
Darag pivoted on the ball of his foot and ran out the door.





Chapter 30
THE TEMPLE OF DUST

Niri pulled the scarf around her face, wrapping the loose fabric to block out the penetrating sun. The day wore to infinity in her mind. The empty expanse of the desert was an optical illusion of identical dunes. The only way she knew they made progress was that the draw of the ocean was a distant and fading pull behind her.
Lavinia and Ria were wrapped similarly to Niri as they rode their camels side by side. Ahead of them, Ty swayed slightly in his saddle. Weary herself, Niri eyed the sun that hung low to the horizon now, promising at long last an end to the day.
There was supposed to be an oasis. An old spring that was the mid-point between Tabook and Karakastad. It had supported a small town once when the Temple of Dust had been the residence of the Order of Earth Elementals. When it had been the Temple of Stone. Now, no one traveled this road and they had been given no assurance the spring and oasis still existed.
Niri tossed her senses ahead as she had so many times during the day. It seemed nothing existed but sand. Then almost too faint to feel and nearly masked by the weight of the sea behind her, she felt the slightest pull. It was along the course they were traveling, a slight degree south. With the dying day, they might have walked by it separated by a sand dune and never have known.
Niri urged her camel beyond Ria and Lavinia’s to pull up next to Ty. Only his dark blue eyes showed through the scarf around his head.
“We are almost there. The spring is ahead.”
Relief washed across his eyes in a flood of moisture. Side by side, they rode the last hour to the oasis. As the setting sun’s glow faded in the western sky, a half dozen fragile palm trees came into view. Beyond them, a scattering of timbers rose through the sand. That was all that was left of the desert town.
Niri sat on her camel and stared at the spring. The still pool of water below her was mesmerizing. It mirrored the golden streaks of the violet sunset as if she could see through the world to another sky. Ty’s hands grasping her around her waist brought Niri back to herself. 
“I can get down.” 
It was too late. Ty lifted her from the camel’s saddle and gently set her on her feet. Niri blushed. Aware of the world again, Niri watched Lavinia pull bedding down from the pack camels. Nearby, Ria smoothed out a place in the sand with palm fronds. 
“Are you okay?” Ty asked, his gaze remaining on her face. 
“Yes, of course. I’m just tired. The heat ...”
Ty nodded. He left to scavenge timbers for a fire. The air was cooling quickly. Alone, Niri sighed and dropped to her knees next to the small pool. Its closeness was a balm to her scorched senses. Being so far from her element was not a feeling she had ever endured. 
Exhausted by the heat, which made the quickly cooling night all the more chilly, Ria and Lavinia fell asleep almost as soon as they had eaten some bread and had their fill of water. They curled into blankets next to the fire. Ty watched his sister a moment, before coming and sitting next to Niri where she had stayed near the ephemeral basin of water. Without saying anything, he scooped a handful of water and splashed it at her. She smiled.
“I’m sorry I ever said I’d throw dirt at you. I didn’t know it would bother you so much.”
Niri smirked at him, the sense of dislocation dissolving with the water sliding down her skin. 
“If I’d known you could swim so well, I would have rocked the boat and tossed you in,” Niri replied, thinking back to the afternoon when they had worked together to undo the Curse’s damage to the Grey Dawn.
“You should sleep.” Ty said, taking her hand and pulling Niri to her feet. He held onto her, their hands joined between them. “Your eyes still have flecks of lavender,” Ty said, looking down at her. 
A different sensation rushed to fill where the sense of being out of place had sat in her chest. It wasn’t entirely comfortable either, prickling at her nerves so that she wanted to twitch and pull away. Niri looked toward the small fire dancing in the sand.
“You should sleep too.”
“Do something good for myself? That would be a change.”
A soft laugh burst from Niri. She peeked at Ty through her lashes. His gaze remained on her. The charge of energy drained out of her, leaving only exhaustion. Niri pulled a hand away and ran her fingers across her eyes.
“What is wrong?” Unconsciously, he pulled her closer.
“I feel powerless out here. I’m really out of my element,” she said with a wry smile.
Ty put his hands on her shoulders, but then slid them up to lightly touch her neck. He cradled her face between his fingers and stared earnestly down at her.
“Don’t you say that. Don’t you ever say that.”
Niri held her breath as a tremble ran through her. Her wide eyes were held in Ty’s. She couldn't have looked away, even without his fingers so gentle against her cheeks. Shaking, Niri nodded slightly.
The moment lasted a second longer. A flash of emotion like pain flickered across Ty’s face. He pursed his lips to speak, but the words died. He closed his eyes and let her go.
“You should sleep. We don’t know what we’ll find in Karakastad.”
Niri walked to the fire, unrolling her bedding. As she lay down under stars the brilliancy of lit gems laid across an ebony sky, Niri wondered what thought had gone through Ty. She shifted to watch him over the flames, sitting alone with his bedding still rolled tightly beside him. She fell asleep without any clear thoughts or deeper understanding.

—

They were up before dawn, hoping to beat the rising temperature. But they found them soon enough. This deep in the desert, the land simmered with warmth and light. Wind blew sand from the tops of dunes so that the air sparkled. The barest breeze stung exposed skin. Even the camels groaned. 
Ty checked their direction frequently, sighting on the blazing sun. Niri’s sense of the ocean was a faint memory, even though it was only a day’s ride behind. She had no sense of where they headed. The world was fire and scorched sand. As the sun finally touched the horizon, it became apparent that they would not make Karakastad that day.
Wearily, Niri felt longingly for water. There was nothing. The sky glowed with the last of the day's light when a few sparse ruins appeared as they crested a low dune. Ty halted his camel.
“It will do. We have stored water.”
Only essentials were unpacked with little conversation. Everyone was spent from a second day of heat and fell asleep as if already in a dream.

—

Ty climbed the closest dune as the sun began to creep above the rim of the sky. Niri, Lavinia and Ria were a few moments behind. At first, the only thing Niri saw was the desert stretching endlessly in all directions.
“There is nothing.” Ria said, voice plaintive with exhaustion.
“No, we are in the city.”
Ty pointed to the base of the next dune. A fragment of stone was exposed in the shallow between dunes, a remnant of the old road. Finally, Niri’s eyes picked out the lines of timbers, which were bleached the color of the desert by the sun and wind. Niri let out a slow breath.
“We’re there?” Ria asked, brow wrinkled.
Niri shook her head. “Karakastad is the town that grew around the outskirts of the Temple. We have to go through it.”
“I don’t see any large structures. No Temple. Could it be buried in this desert?” Lavinia’s distaste for the shifting sands carried in her voice. A smile tugged at Niri’s lips. They cracked from sunburn and lack of water.
“It is a Temple for Earth Elementals, so it is built ...”
“In the earth,” Ty said with an awed sigh. “At least we will get out of the sun.” 
They led the camels through the remains of Karakastad. Beyond the first dunes more of the city was exposed: timbers and partial buildings half buried in the desert sand. The wind echoed and twisted through the abandoned town. The morning sun cast odd shadows through the collapsed adobe buildings. The quiet and desolation bred unnamable unease. All four were on edge before they were half-way through the ruins.
Finally, they could see that the partial buildings with their empty windows and bleached timbers dwindled ahead. Niri walked forward and finally saw the Temple of Dust. The ground fell away one hundred yards beyond the last building. A vast sinkhole, over eight hundred yards across and almost perfectly circular, plummeted into the shadows in the heart of the city. Niri’s heart hammered so quickly that, as she looked down, for a moment she felt faint. She backed up a step.
On the wall opposite, Niri could see windows carved into the rock. Exposed staircases occasionally jumped between levels from one yawning dark opening to another. In the recess below an overhang, several multi-story houses clung impossibly to a rock ledge.
“How do we get down?” Ria asked in hushed amazement.
“There has to be stairs.” Lavinia spoke in a whisper as well.
“We’ll walk around the edge. Check the nearby buildings.”
Ty turned as he finished speaking, leading his camel back to the closest structure. They spread out, but it took nearly an hour to find an entrance to the underground Temple. Ty finally found a partially collapsed building with stairs leading down into the darkness. Timbers nearly blocked the way. The old adobe wall canted over the steps, arching up into the blue sky.
They hid the camels in the shade of a nearby building and gathered around the opening to the stairs. Cool air seeped up, at once inviting and eerily out of place in the mid-morning desert heat. It wrapped around Niri’s ankles as if to pull her down to whatever lay in the desolate Temple. Niri looked over at Ria. She was pale, green eyes wide and vivid in the golds and browns of the desert. She looked entirely too young.
“Maybe,” Niri began.
“You aren’t going alone.” Ty interrupted. He stared her down, his gaze more steely than she had imagined was in him. Niri glanced away first. “Are you ready to use that thing again?” Ty nodded at the sword on his sister's hip.
Lavinia stood straighter, the terse answer on her lips fading as she realized what her brother meant. The blue in her eyes vibrated as the thin bravado faded. Lavinia swallowed thickly, but did not look away.
“If I need to, yes. I’m ready.”
“Do you think the Curse is selective?” Ria asked as Ty helped Niri over a fallen timber. “If we run into trouble, I could always summon it and see what happens.”
Lavinia snickered nervously, but flashed Ria a grin. As they descended, the steps curved into darkness before passing the first window. Stairs and open doors led off into the dimness, but Niri kept straight with the main staircase.
“How do you know where to go?” Lavinia whispered. Even so, her voice echoed through the passageway. Everyone winced. 
“I don’t. I just thought if I was an Earth Elemental, I’d keep the records and books at the bottom of this thing.”
Ty shrugged. “It is as good a place as any. We can always search from the bottom up.”
Ahead, the stairs bridged a crevice in the rock walls. The dizzying height gave a glimpse to the bottom of the sinkhole, still over two hundred yards below them. A few buildings stood along the sinkhole’s floor. Each was constructed from, and chiseled into, the rock walls. The largest building had four columns of differently colored stone: deep red, violet blue, creamy yellow, and blue gray. They rose to hold a massive stone lintel that shone with veins of silver and gold in the dim sunlight that bathed the bottom of the sinkhole. Ty gazed upwards. Niri followed his movement. The sun was almost directly overhead.
“That looks like the place to start,” Lavinia said, voice hushed. Her gaze remained on the buildings along the bottom.
“No, too obvious. It is probably a dormitory.” Lavinia rolled her eyes at her brother’s comment.
“Do you think the bottom was mostly water?” Ria asked, pointing to the dusty floor far below.
The structures were built on cut stone ledges similar to those that lined Rah Hahsessah's canals. A few raised pathways traversed across the heart of the sinkhole and from building to building. The rest of the bottom was of varying depths and rough. Niri could imagine the sinkhole floor once filled with water, reflecting the sun in rippling waves up the stone walls. Now the empty pools only held fine sand blown from the desert above.
Their staircase ended catty-corner to the colonnaded building. From the floor of the sinkhole, they could see how large it was. What had seemed small from halfway down was an imposing structure over six stories tall. It rose from the smooth floor like a leviathan’s stone head, the back of it merging with the rock face of the sinkhole. A wave of weariness washed over Niri as she wondered how deep into the ground the building went. Dark openings, like the one they exited from, were scattered around the base of the towering walls. 
“There are so many places to look.” Ria said, overwhelmed.
“We’ll try the large building first. From what you’ve said, Niri, it isn’t like the library was hidden.”
Niri nodded at Ty’s statement. “No, it was well known before the war. Scholars came to the Temple to study.”
Together, they walked across the flat pathway toward what was the largest structure along the floor. The very bulk of it drew the eye. The faint hiss of sand pattering against the rock resonated an empty sound across the wide sinkhole. Their footfalls were lost to the massive surroundings.
The path they traversed sliced through the shadow of the western rim wall. Ty glanced up for the second time, a frown on his face. Niri followed his gaze with a sigh. The sun was no longer overhead, but still high. It had taken over an hour to walk down. Her leg muscles ached with the constant strain of stepping. Walking up was not going to be much better.
“All of our food and extra water is up there,” Lavinia said, following Ty’s gaze as well. 
Ria shivered. “I don’t want to sleep down here.”
“No, neither do I,” Niri said, quietly. The place might have been inspiring once, but now the silent awe it invoked was of vast emptiness and the unknown.
“We don’t have much time then. If this is the place, we might have to split up after all. If not and we have to search the whole Temple, we only have water for a few more days. Then we’ll have to go back to the oasis. Unless Niri finds something closer.”
Niri did not answer other than a shake of her head. Ty’s question made her reach out to her senses. As far as she could tell, there was nothing but rock and dust.
“First, we need to see if it is the library. If it is, why hasn’t anyone walked down here and carted off the books?” Lavinia crossed her arms, as she stared at the building.
“Maybe they have,” Ria said, despairing. 
Niri placed a hand on Ria’s shoulder and let her power go. Where it had been a comfort to summon a connection to her element when they traveled on the boat, to seek and find nothing made her feel adrift as if she was the only speck of her kind in the world. It gave her a sudden, shuddering perspective of how Ria must feel.
Finally in the shadow of the building, Niri walked cautiously up the trio of steps pausing next to a column. It was the deep red one and had rippling veins of gold marbled throughout. To Niri, it felt like a bad omen. Ahead of her, the towering stone door, three times Ty’s height, stood open. 
Ty walked around Niri where she hesitated. He entered first, pausing when he reached the polished stone floor a few feet beyond the pale light of the door. It took Niri’s eyes a moment to adjust to the dimness when she stopped beside him. Then she saw the papers lying scattered across the floor. Old shelves, once solid and heavy, were splintered and overturned. Their broken angles disappeared into the gloom. 
Lavinia walked to the nearest set of shelves and picked up the remains of a book. The binding was split, loose pages falling. Half the book was charred and a corner was completely burnt off. She dropped it as her hand began to tremble.
“No one has been here,” she whispered. Her voice sent echoes through the room. 
Ty let out his breath. “These are ordinary books. Where do you think the records of the Order will be kept?”
Niri walked into the gloomy hall. The ceiling vaulted over her head to dark heights. From the outside, she knew there were floors overhead. Her gaze dropped to the tattered pages scattered across the stone floor. 
“Deep,” Niri replied. “And down.”
Whatever system had been used to light the library no longer functioned. They saw no evidence of torches and no oil lamps. So, they were left to pick their way through the debris in the perennial dimness.
Ria found a set of stairs in a shadowed alcove partially concealed by a tipped bookcase. Blackness yawned behind the opening, swallowing the curving steps. Ty moved to enter the narrow doorway first. But Niri touched his arm, halting him.
“If there is anything here to fear, it will be an Elemental or leftover magic from the war. I’ll go first. Ria should take the rear.” 
Ria started in surprise. Niri held onto her arm for a moment. “If something happens, use your magic. We’ll deal with the Curse when it comes. Hopefully, it is still over the Archipelago or the Sea of Sarketh. We may have time.”
Ria nodded crisply even though her breath came faster, rising her chest in short puffs. Niri stepped into the darkness. She had to use her hand to feel along the smooth, cool wall as she started down. Dust came off on her fingers from the accumulation of years. Not a trace of moisture resided in the Temple, not even clinging to the stone walls.
Then, Niri’s hand caught an opening and she paused. Ty walked into her. Her balance toppled and Niri took a step forward, her foot coming down on air. She gasped as she reached blindly forward, trying to find the wall to grab onto.
Ty yanked her back. She leaned into his chest, feeling his heart pounding as hard as hers.
“You okay?”
“Great. I found an opening, but I think the stairs keep going down, too.”
Her statement was met with silence.
“We should check out every floor,” Ty said after a moment. His hand was still threaded in her hair from where he pressed her against him. Niri straightened, disentangling herself. The sense of aloneness that fell on her in the dark staircase was oppressive. She shifted so that her arm brushed against Ty. He put his hand on her shoulder.
“We don’t have a lot of time. I think we can split into two groups to search each floor and keep going," Niri said.
Ty’s fingers tightened, pushing into her skin. 
“I’ll take this floor.” Lavinia edged around her brother. Niri guided Lavinia’s hands to the lintel. Ty remained frozen behind her. 
“I’ll go with her,” Ria said into Ty’s silence. “Who knows, with her sword, I might not have to use magic at all. If it will even work.” Ria’s voice was rueful, far lighter than Niri would have imagined for the girl, being so deep underground in a dark warren. Ria slipped around Ty and Niri as well.
“The records we need will be handwritten accounts of the war. If you don’t see anything, skip the next floor down. We’ll take that one and meet you at the bottom.”
“I guess we’ll hear each other if ... if we find anything. There hasn’t been another sound in this whole place,” Lavinia replied to Niri. In the poor light, Niri could not see Lavinia or Ria. 
“Be careful, both of you,” Ty said, voice hoarse.
“You too, both of you,” Lavinia whispered back. From the sound of her voice, Niri guessed Lavinia had already turned to feel her way forward. Niri wondered how they would find anything in the dark. They had come so far for this, surely they would find a way.
Niri took Ty’s hand and started forward into the blackness. He came along slowly at first, then placed his hand back on Niri’s shoulder so that he could follow steadily behind. Niri found the next opening fifty steps down. She felt blindly forward, shuffling her feet to avoid tripping. 
“We are going to need a light,” Ty whispered behind her. “I don’t suppose you can make water glow?”
Niri laughed softly. “I never learned that trick. Besides, there is no water down here. If there was, I could at least find the walls.”
Ty paused. “None?” His voice was incredulous.
“Not that I can feel. It is as if it has all been blocked somehow ...”
“Or evaporated?”
Niri didn’t reply for a moment. “That wouldn’t have stopped it from coming back.” Her throat was tight.
“After the Order of Earth lost, they could have been forced to seal off the underground springs.”
“Or those with magic could have done both. We won’t know what happened if we don’t find the records,” Niri retorted, angry at herself for the worry that rose in her. What Ty said made sense, more sense than what Niri had seen of Ria’s abilities. It meant that Lavinia and Ria above them could be facing something worse than darkness. Niri sighed. “Let’s just keep looking,” she said.
Niri slipped ahead, Ty following her. Away from the alcove the darkness thinned. Skylights linked to overhead windows directed filtered sunlight between floors. The shelves were intact here. A quick glance through the rows of books revealed a few handwritten scrolls, but nothing from the war. Philosophy, botany, and discussions on Elemental abilities filled different shelves. 
“This isn’t it.”
“I know,” Niri sighed. 
“I guess we get to see how far down this thing goes,” Ty said, gesturing for Niri to walk ahead of him. 
“I shall complain to Darag the next time I see him. Only Earth Elementals would build a library out of catacombs.”
“Odd, the Kith don’t seem anything like the Elementals that built this place.” Ty replied, voice muffled by the rows of books. 
Niri counted down fifty more steps and found the next entrance. She walked down another set. The stairs plunged into the darkness ahead of her. 
“Can you hear Lavinia and Ria?” Niri asked as they stepped onto the fourth subterranean floor.
“No, I haven’t heard anything. They must be on the third level by now.” Ty said, sounding worried.
The fourth level was similar to the second. The only difference was the topics: history, wars, ancient societies. In the dimness, Niri thought at times she could see movement. No sound followed. One glimpse she had faded or merged into a stone wall. 
“Did you see something?” Ty sounded on edge.
“Yes, earth spirits, I think. They probably once were part of the Temple, summoned by Elementals for tasks. Now they just wander.” She sounded confident, which surprised her. “Down again?”
“After you,” Ty said chivalrously. Niri rolled her eyes. She and Ty walked to the stairwell.
The stairs ended at the sixth level down. Her eyes had adjusted, but the light was fainter here. Niri felt carvings on the lintel of the door: heavy lines broken by what felt like crystals jutting from the stone. This had to be the place. 
This room was unlike the others above. There were no bound books. Instead, lightly framed open shelves filled the space. Scrolls bound by ribbons and wax were stacked ten high in the wooden frames. 
“This is it.”
“Where do we start?” Ty said, looking around. The shelves led off in all directions.
“What we need will be among the last scrolls written. It may be best if we split up.” Ty frowned. Even in the dimness, Niri could see the downturn of his mouth. “We’ll be on the same level - the same room.”
Niri didn’t acknowledge that they had never walked all the way to the sides yet, nor the back wall, which seemed to loom beyond imagination in the darkness. They were on the right level. There had to be an end to the library’s tunnels and rooms somewhere.
Ty sighed. “Fine, but call me if you find anything.”
Niri walked into the gloom alone, picking up random scrolls. Breaking their seal, she found they were ancient records going back thousands of years. The dates between those on the same shelf seemed arbitrary. The cases were organized by subject rather than linearly through time. Niri leaned against a shelf and looked around. She could feel the unseen day slipping by.
Niri realized suddenly what was out of place. Compared to the destruction on the main floor, this room was organized and neat. 
She imagined the underground Temple under unexpected attack, and for once did not focus on who was the cause. She thought instead of the Elementals down in the rooms of books. They wouldn’t have had time to seal and file scrolls when the fighting came to them, Niri realized with a hitch in her breath.
She pushed herself away from the bookcase and began her search anew, looking now for disorder and signs of haste or work unfinished. Her search took her further into the depths of the warren of rooms. 
Finally, she found a place where the bookcases ended. Light shone from a wide circle, refracted by what appeared to be thousands of interconnected crystals. In the dimness below sat a circle of desks. Fine metal scribe’s pens were still resting in dry ink wells. Scrolls lay partially finished on the tables.
Niri hurried through the rows of tables, scanning the incomplete documents. There were copies of letters to the Temple of Mist and the Temple of Winds asking for help. They pleaded for the other Orders to not join with the Order of Fire or believe their words. Niri’s heart caught in her throat. 
On a high table written in mature, flowing script and not the careful copy of scribes, one letter caught her eye. It was addressed to a Mage, someone she guessed to be skilled in the use of magic.

“Mage Khodan,
It is our belief at the Temple of Stone that the abilities of mages are not alien to the Elementals, as the Order of Fire proclaims. Rather, we view the gift as akin to our own - a Fifth Order that taps into the essence of life: a Spirit Elemental.
Please accept our hand of brotherhood. We would ask for your help before the Order of Fire consumes us all into one Church under their control.  Already, we fear what step the Order of Fire will next take, as no other Order will agree to join them.
Please, if you will not aid us, at least take caution for yourself. Bind together, or the Order of Fire will hunt you down one by one. 
I have heard reports from our sister Order of Water that the Order of Fire has gone against their decrees and are working with mages, who seek power and status. They are endeavoring to create a creature of magic that will do their bidding. A creature of magic so that it will hunt and kill magic. If they are successful, none of your kind will be safe. They call it their curse to you.
I do not know what words will win your belief. I will only say that I know it is true that magic is the same as the other Elements. An Elemental is born with natural skill in one ability. But skill in one reflects latent talent in another that can be learned. I tell you, I know use of the life force is a Fifth Order, an Order of Life and Spirit.
I beseech you,”

The letter ended there. Dizzy, Niri remembered to breathe. The letter confirmed the worst of her fears about the war and the Church. Her heart pounding, she wanted to believe she could trust Sinika. Trust that he had sent her here with the best of intentions. She read the letter again. In her heart, Niri knew she could not chance the possibility that Sinika would protect her.
With heavy certainty, Niri knew they had to leave. The risk was too great to stay and seek further answers. Niri wasn’t sure how much time had passed as the realization sunk in. But when she looked up, Sinika was watching her from across the circle of tables.





Chapter 31
FIRE AND WATER

Sinika leaned his hip against a wooden desk, arms crossed in front of him. The slight gray at his temples was more pronounced than she remembered. But otherwise, though it felt like years since Niri had seen him, he was unchanged. It had really only been a few weeks. 
Niri’s heart did not even skip a beat. A seed of certainty that Sinika would be waiting for her in the Temple of Dust had lodged in her ever since she had read Laith Lus’s journal and heard him speak of the war. Now, it had been fulfilled. With her finger tips on the letter condemning the Order of Fire, she felt balanced on a pinhead of time. With the next breath or the first words, Niri would know Sinika’s intentions. That he was there waiting did not bode well. She could only be thankful for the twist of luck that she stood facing him alone.
The faint smile on Sinika’s full lips died. His brow creased as Niri stayed where she stood, each watching the other.
“I thought you knew I would come here to wait for you. To help you.” His voice was warm and deep, laced with affection. Above his refined cheekbones and thin nose, his hazel eyes were warm and soft.
“By the light’s goodness, Nirine, I’ve been waiting here for weeks. I was beginning to think you’d never come.”
Sinika’s tone tinged with distaste for the ruined Temple and impatience. The pace of Niri’s heart picked up, bringing a bloom of warmth to her chest. 
“I had some trouble. I’m surprised you waited down here, Sinika, and not on the road from Rah Hahsessah or in Karakastad. I never expected to see you lurking in the bowels of the earth.”
Sinika waved a hand. “It was too long of a wait to stay in the desert. There is nothing up there.” He slid a hand through his hair. “This ... this pit is the only shelter for days and this room, it gave me something to do while I waited.”
Sinika looked over at her, a smile flowing across his lips. When he spoke her name, he said it slowly as if he savored it. “Nirine, I’ve been worried about you. It has been weeks. Longer than I thought it would take you to bring the girl. Why don’t you come to me? What is wrong?”
Niri vibrated with emotion. One word had dropped like a stone into a pool, breaking the stillness with waves radiating and reflecting. She looked away from Sinika.
“Why don’t you come to me, Sinika? Have you been waiting for me or for the girl? You know it is a girl, so you’ve been a part of the search. What do you want with her?”
Sinika took a step closer, coming further into the circle of light. It softened his red-brown hair, but cast his eyes into deeper shadow. “Is she here?”
“I could tell you I came alone. Did you?”
Anger flashed across Sinika’s face, his high forehead wrinkling in irritation. Then, he smoothed his features once more.
“We don’t intend to hurt her. Is that what you are afraid of? The Church could use her ... and protect her from herself. How better to keep her from the Curse? We want to understand why this trait runs so deeply in her family. If her gifts could be combined with an Elemental’s ...” There was a hint of greed under his consoling tone.
Niri’s stomach twisted. She wished for nothing more than a way to warn Ria and Lavinia, berating herself for having brought them. But if she yelled, there was as much of a chance that they would come running rather than leave. 
Niri bowed her head, closing her eyes. She could feel her hands shaking. In her most chastised tone, she confessed to Sinika. 
“It has been so difficult. I could not bear to be cast out of the Church. How can I come to you, Sinika, when I am no longer a Priestess? I am unworthy to ever enter the Temple of Solaire again. Is there no hope for me? I ... I only want to return somehow.”
She heard Sinika walk toward her a few steps and stop. A tear slid down her cheek.
“Hush, child.” He came the rest of the distance. “You only ever needed to give us the girl. Of course we will take you back.”
He took her into his arms to demonstrate the Church’s willingness to receive her. She hid her head against his shoulder, her body tense as ice. She hoped Sinika would take it for anxiety.
“I didn’t know what to do. All she wanted was to go home. She was so lonely and afraid.”
The tension coursing through Niri caused her to tremble. It was all she could do not to gasp and give herself away. She needed just a few more minutes. She turned the catch in her throat to a sob instead.
“Where is she?” Sinika murmured softly into her ear, brushing the hair from Niri’s shoulder with a familiar gesture. “Just tell me where she is and we will get her together, you and I. Then we will go back to Solaire.”
Niri grabbed the fabric of his shirt, pulling as if she struggled to find words. Sinika’s fingers spread against her back, supporting the shift in her weight, but not letting her go. The moment hung suspended between them for a breath.
“Fool!”
A woman’s sharp voice cut through the lower level. Sinika stiffened. His embrace became confining. 
“There is water flowing. Can’t you hear it? She is summoning water from some forsaken place.”
“No.” 
Sinika grabbed Niri’s chin roughly and forced her head up. She opened her eyes. Sinika’s grip loosened slightly when he saw the lavender and blue of her power. Niri glared at him. The tears of her effort slid down her cheeks.
Sinika stumbled away, too shocked to react immediately. Whoever was with him was less easily distracted. A burst of fire exploded from deeper in the rows of bookcases, flashing across the scribe’s desks. Heart rising to her throat, Niri threw herself aside. 
She landed hard on her shoulder. It was cool and damp now. Niri smiled. Sinika was scrambling after her, pushing aside the table she had ducked behind. Niri rolled and launched herself to her feet, running toward the staircase.
As she ran, she pulled at any thread of water she could find in desperation. Ty had been right, the stone was sealed shut for yards into the ground. The retort of rock splitting resounded through the room followed by the sound of water cascading onto the floor. 
Sinika paused, looking back over his shoulder. “How? How can she be doing it? The water was sealed off when the Temple was defeated.”
The only forthcoming answer was another burst of fire. It hit the wall of a narrow tunnel a few feet from where Niri paused in the room beyond it as she tried to catch her breath. She darted through the dark expanse, dodging bookcases as the room was lit again by wavering flames. A fireball exploded into a bookcase behind her.
Niri ducked but didn’t slow. She pulled a layer of water, now an inch deep on the floor, onto her skin. It hissed as sparks and a splinter of shelf fell against her. Niri dove into the alcove as light erupted behind her. She felt heat and a brief searing, then she was around the first twist of the staircase.
She took the steps two at a time. All the while she pulled and called water toward her. She balled the desire for water tighter and tighter, winding her will around the need until it was her only reason for existing. It was her only thought besides running up the stairs. 
Niri ran headlong into Ty. He caught her but went backwards, sitting sharply against the stairs behind. Ty sucked in a breath as he hit. Niri’s heart lurched at the thought he could be hurt, just when they needed to run.
“Are you?”
“Fine,” Ty rasped.
“Where?”
“Above, they hadn’t made it down this far. I told them to go up to the main level.”
“Good. Go, it won’t take Sinika long to follow us.”
There was a brightening glow in the staircase below them. Ty grabbed Niri’s hand, turned, and ran. Pain lanced into Niri’s side from her effort and lack of breath. Ty pulled her forward faster than she thought she could go. Niri hurled the pain into her demand for water, feeding it until she ached. She was the desert calling out to become the sea floor. Above her breath, the sound of rushing echoed in the empty rooms of the library. A rivulet began to splash down the stairs.
There was enough water now that Niri could sense where it touched Sinika and the woman. She could ‘see’ as she had once in Mirocyne, finding the outline to the rooms by the moisture clinging to walls. Below them at the lower level, the water was already mid-thigh deep. But Sinika was wading to the stairs, the water proving a small hamper to his progress.
With the moisture flooding the Temple, Niri felt the fireball sent up the stairwell before it neared them. She grabbed Ty, halting his racing steps, and pushed him against the wall. She channeled the water from the stairs above to change course. It gushed over them as the staircase illuminated angry red. The fireball, already diminished by moisture and distance, swept past them in a waft of heat, fizzling further in size.
“How?” He asked her, spitting out a mouthful of water. “I thought you said there was no water.”
“There wasn’t any close. But I learned with the well in Sardinia there is always water underground somewhere. You just have to find it. We only have a few moments before they make it up the stairs. We have to keep going,” Niri said, pushing Ty ahead again.
Ty burst onto the main level of the library, stumbling from the alcove. Lavinia caught her brother, keeping him upright. The water across the polished floor of the library was ankle deep. A weak burst of flames licked the entrance to the staircase and faded. Niri glanced back and then to Ria’s wide eyes.
“You have to leave.”
“No, I can help,” Ria’s voice was high and thin, but she stood tall and ready to hold her ground.
Niri shook her head. “No, we can’t fight the Curse and both of them. The Curse could be near if they are here. And I can’t fight Sinika and protect you.” Niri looked despairingly at Ria. “I never should have brought you here.”
Ria’s eyes filled with tears. She hugged Niri quickly, unable to speak. Niri held her, but then pushed her away. 
“You have to go. Lavinia, protect her.” 
Lavinia paused, her expression caught between arguing to stay and accepting what Niri said. A stronger burst of flames shot from the stairwell. Lavinia grabbed Ria’s hand as she spun and bolted for the door.
With a twist of her will, Niri sent more water raining down the staircase. A current tugged at her ankles as the water hurried to do her bidding.
“Niri ...” 
“Ty, go help your sister and Ria. I’ll ... I’ll be right behind you.”
Under his gaze, Niri could not pretend she was not worried about what she faced. As her confidence wavered, Ty’s expression changed from battle ready to heartfelt anxiety. He swallowed hard. Niri trembled. He reached for her the same moment she collapsed in his arms, his fingers tangling in her hair as he cradled her head against his shoulder. She clung to him, heart pounding.
“Ty, you have to go. Your sister and Ria need you to get through the desert and back to Tabook.” Niri couldn’t stop shaking.
He pulled back to look her in the eye, brushing wet hair from her face. “I won’t leave without you. We’ll be waiting.”
Niri nodded, knowing her eyes were wide and frightened. Ty leaned his forehead against hers, closing his eyes for a second. As he let her go, his lips brushed across her cheek. The moment he released her, Niri pushed him after Ria and Lavinia. She pulled back the water before him so that his path was clear. 
Ty raced to the front door, not slowing as he burst through the colonnaded entrance. Niri felt both where Ria, Lavinia, and Ty ran across the damp ground toward the staircase, while Sinika and his companion waded upwards through the falling onslaught of water to reach the main level. Niri stood alone. 
She walked slowly to the library door, the water allowing her to pass like it was air. Lavinia was just making the entrance to the staircase, Ria behind her. Niri kept the water, three feet deep now across the sinkhole’s floor, pulled back to bare ground. Water cascaded down from open windows and breaks in the rock walls above her. The tumbling patter and spray of water against stone filled the sinkhole with a ceaseless, growling hiss.
Ty made the stairs, pausing to glance back before he plunged into the opening. The path through the water closed behind Ty as he began to climb, no longer in the water’s reach. Water was her element and it was filling the Temple of Dust. She found comfort in that.
Without needing to worry about Ty, Lavinia, and Ria, Niri turned her attention back to the water. She called it again with all of her will, fueling a basic need to simply bring water to her. Liquid burst from the walls, cascading into the air to fall hundreds of feet to the floor below. She could feel the lower rooms of the library submerge. 
Niri walked away from the library. It seemed wise to be away from the building when Sinika and his companion reached the main level. But she also wanted to be somewhere visible so that they would not look for Ria. When Sinika and the woman emerged from the library, Niri stood in waist deep water in the center of the sinkhole.
It was Niri’s first chance to see the woman clearly. She had short, spiky blond hair and a strong jaw line. Her eyes narrowed when she saw Niri. The air before her rippled like the air above the desert. She formed fire out of nothing and launched it at Niri.
Niri reacted instinctively. But instead of throwing up an arm to protect herself, she threw up waves. The fireball sank into a sudden tower of liquid and disappeared with a hiss. Hope began to unfurl within Niri. 
“Ci’erra!”
Sinika pulled on the woman’s arm as she began to form another fireball. It sparked in front of her before dissipating. Sinika pointed to the rim of the sinkhole. Water was beginning to pour over the edge in a sheet. It careened off rocks along the wall. The roar of it reverberated from every ledge until the sound of it made Niri’s eardrums ache. When it finally reached the bottom, the force of the pounding water dropping from such a height caused the stone under Niri’s feet to shake.
The onslaught thickened. The water was stained dark from the amount of sand it carried. At the base of the sinkhole, the water was now up to Niri’s chest. The stream of falling water widened and began to brush the library building. The colonnades shook and the massive lintel wobbled. Sinika and Ci’erra jumped from their perch into the embrace of roiling water and sand. Niri cautiously began to move toward the stairs, feeling where Sinika and Ci’erra struggled to find their footing on the veranda of a nearby building. The water level in the bottom of the sinkhole was quickly rising.
“How?” Ci’erra demanded of Sinika. “It’s sea water, for the Maker’s sake. I can taste the salt!”
From where she had swam to a ledge across the floor of the sinkhole, Niri could see the anger on Sinika’s face. Drenched and petite, Ci’erra’s wide eyes reminded Niri for a brief moment of Beite. Sinika turned toward her. The air rippled as he hurled heat and flame at her before the fireball was even formed. Niri extinguished it in a wall of water. 
Sinika’s look simmered. The air around Niri changed, humidifying as water evaporated from her skin. With a yelp, she pulled water onto herself. Sinika continued, vaporizing the water on her almost as fast as she could build it. Then he tried to ignite her hair.
Niri ducked under, the flames dying as he created them. Without surfacing, Niri felt for where Sinika perched partially in the water. Hands of fluid grabbed his legs. Sinika fell into the water. She thickened the liquid around him. He managed to come up, gasping and fighting with the watery bonds just as the Curse had. Ci’erra grabbed his hand. Niri pulled Sinika under with such force that Ci’erra tumbled in as well.
Ci’erra surfaced, looking truly terrified. She clung to a rock lintel, dividing her gaze between Sinika's struggle and a nearby window in the sinkhole wall. Ci’erra pushed off and headed for the way out. Niri was at a loss.
The lower levels of the Temple were completely filled. The salty waterfall born of the sea pounded into the sinkhole. The water swirled and roiled as it filled the main shaft. Niri could not feel Ty or the girls and hoped that meant they were on the surface. She had no idea how much time had passed. Even with her skill, it was all she could do to split her attention between keeping herself from being smashed into the cavern wall by the current and fighting Sinika. Now Ci’erra was only a few hundred feet away, nearly to the window. 
Niri released Sinika. He came up gasping for air, barely able to keep his head above water. She bit her cheek and eyed Ci’erra, uncertain what to do with the Fire Elemental. Flames that felt like they had the intensity of the sun formed behind Niri. She was about to dive under, knowing the anger that had formed this fire would not be so easy to drown. But to Niri’s surprise, they froze.
The flames towered, their heat intense but not moving forward. Instead, they shot skyward, reaching halfway to the top of the sinkhole. Niri looked over at Ci’erra in wary surprise. 
Ci’erra perched on the windowsill. Her hand was held out in front of her and eyes slit as she concentrated on controlling Sinika’s outburst of flame. The coiling wall of heat and light slid back a foot. Niri’s heart hammered. Ci’erra was the more powerful of the two.
Ci’erra knew it, too. She pushed back Sinika’s flames with an arrogant flip of her wrist, her smile cold. Ci’erra turned her attention to Niri.
“How are you doing this?” Ci’erra demanded, her voice harsh over the thudding of water. “No Water Elemental can defeat fire. The Church would never allow it. Such skills are not taught!”
 “There is more than just the Church and what it teaches," Niri replied, glaring at Ci’erra. She waited for Ci’erra to attack.
Doubt flickered across Ci’erra’s face. She looked at the writhing flames that danced upwards above the water. 
“I do not want any part of this. Sinika can deal with his own acolytes.”
“I can’t let you just go.”
“Fine.” 
A wind of fire swept at Niri, forming so close that she barely had time to duck under the surface. When she came up for air, Sinika’s wall of flame was dissipating in coiling ribbons toward the sinkhole’s upper edge. Ci’erra was nowhere to be seen. Sinika was livid.
Sinika tried another fireball. But Niri pulled him under as he formed it, snuffing it before it began. Sinika kicked at the water holding him as if he could fight her directly by injuring it.
Niri let him bob to the surface as she slipped into a window. The turbid waterfall was doing more than stirring the water in the sinkhole. Hydraulic suction pulled at Niri so that she needed to constantly steady herself. It was time to follow Ci’erra’s action and make it to the staircase. Water lapped at her heels as she began to run up the steps.
A fireball burst through the window in front of her. Niri threw up an arm automatically. Though the flames mostly ricocheted off the wet well, their warm tongues lapped at her. She slowed on the other side of the opening, cautiously glancing out. Sinika had managed to gain a foothold on the rock wall opposite the seawater flow. He scanned the windows looking for her, one hand raised to call fire. Sinika was not going to give up, Niri realized with dread.
Ahead of her, Niri could see a space where the stairs crossed an open expanse without an outside wall to protect her. She paused, biting her lip in indecision. The water on the steps rose to her ankle as she hesitated. It spurred her on. There was no other way but a race to the surface for any of them.
Moving again, Niri threw up a curtain of water in front of each window she raced past. By the time she had reached the open set of stairs, Sinika had found his way through a window, and stood a quarter of the way around and a level below her. On a steady perch, he could concentrate on her fully again. Water around her hissed as it evaporated.
The sound of falling water was deafening in the cavern. If she’d wanted to speak to him, it would have been impossible to hear. The distorted rage on his face left her little doubt of his intent. Niri walked forward slowly, her pulse louder to her ears than the waterfall. The air around her shimmered as if she stood in the very center of the desert on the hottest day. 
Niri pulled water up over herself, becoming a core of liquid as flames ignited around her. Sinika meant to burn her alive. Niri exploded water outward. Steam thickened the air as water met fire. There was simply too much liquid in the sinkhole for the fire to find purchase. Despite Sinika’s anger feeding it, the flames sputtered and faded.
Above her a new sun formed in the sky, hovering over the sinkhole where the air remained dry. It began to descend as Niri made the choice she had been dreading. She reached out and slowed the water in Sinika’s veins.
The falling fireball snuffed out as Sinika staggered. His hand reached out to catch the wall and missed. He fell onto the stone floor. 
Tears streaked Niri’s face as she hesitated, holding the flow of his blood to a slow and steady pulse. He was not dead, but he was not able to react. The water on the platform where he lay rose an inch. Niri trembled at the choice before her. She and Sinika had been lovers for three months before her journey to Mirocyne. Though now, she wondered if lover was the right word. 
He had taught her new ways to use her power: the summoning spell and how to better focus. His attention could be cruel and impatient, but he had given her time, if not kindness. Even after facing him here, she could not imagine killing him. He had been the one Priest who had given her something to look forward to within the confines of Solaire. She had once thought she loved him before she had seen Lavinia and Darag’s joy. 
The water rose to cover his nose. Sinika couldn’t breathe. Niri could feel liquid entering his throat. With a sob, she pushed the water out of his lungs. She fell to her knees crying. Forcing herself to concentrate, Niri floated Sinika into the small room behind him. His pulse throbbed in a slow rhythm which resonated in her chest and palms.
Once he was in the room, Niri pushed the water out. She slid onto a step, shaking with physical and emotional exhaustion. The water rose along the doorway to the chamber where Sinika lay, but did not enter the room itself. Niri waited and watched the water cover the doorway completely, sealing the air and Sinika within it. 
The chamber was over halfway below the top of the sinkhole and not on the main stairs. She doubted very much that it would hold him for long, but it would keep him trapped for a time. Anger like his would find a way to burn through even that much water. She would have to deal with him again, but not anymore today.
Niri leaned against the rock wall, feeling Sinika’s pulse and keeping it slow and steady. It was the last connection that existed between them. But the water was rising quickly. It touched her legs where she sat. She willed herself to move, but couldn’t find the energy to stand. She could not face the miles of stairs left to climb. Before she realized what was happening, the water rushed overhead.
The feeling of being submerged brought her quickly to her wits. Niri was knocked off the steps by the force and tumbled through the swirling water. She pushed herself toward the surface, but it was climbing upwards faster than she could swim. The currents buffeted her sideways and down, even as she tried to steady them. Acute panic filled Niri as she began to lose to her own element.
Her lungs ached. She could control water, usually, but not breathe it. Unlike the Curse, she could not grow gills. Niri funneled all her strength into pushing herself upwards, fighting the sucking downward pull of the massive hydraulic. Her body and mind called for air, a desire greater than twisting the water currents to her will. Whiteness rimmed her vision. Niri could not stand it any longer. She gasped.
To her surprise, she drew in a breath. Niri’s eyes flew open, focusing once more as she drew in another lungful. A tiny bubble had formed around her, called into existence by her need. It was then she remembered the letter: talent in one Element meant latent skills in others. Niri shivered with understanding of how important that sentence was. 
Her skill was not strong. She fumbled with the bubble. It nearly broke apart, and it was a desperate twist of will that reformed it around her. It was an odd sensation, not like her ability to control liquid. Instead, it was a sense of dryness: a lack of fluid.
Niri concentrated on that: an area of no water. The bubble enlarged. There was plenty of air in the water mixed with the tumbling mass. She built the bubble while pushing herself toward the surface. Without panic, she could move in her element again and found the upward current to ride.
The entire sinkhole was filled when she managed to push herself above its embrace. Niri clung to the sandy rim, too tired to pull herself out. She was happy to simply breathe and feel wind on her face. She laughed as she sobbed with relief.
She felt the footfalls through the sand under her, but could not summon the will to turn her head. Hands pulled her from the water, although she didn't open her eyes to see whose. A second set helped to support her weight. 
“Niri, are you okay?”
The voice was Ty’s. Niri choked on her reply. He cupped her face gently, cradling her to his chest. Niri opened her eyes and saw his widen in shock. Ria gasped behind him.
“Your eyes ... they’re lavender,” she whispered.
Niri began to tremble as she pushed herself upright. Finally, her voice came back to her.
“We have to leave. Ci’erra escaped and Sinika is alive ... down there. I couldn’t kill him.”
Ty hugged her. Behind him, her eyes fell onto what had been the Temple of Dust. A lake stretched out amid the desert, the sand in the water settling. Streaks of the setting sun were reflected in the motionless water. 
Niri was so tired she was numb. Ty relaxed his hold, pulling Niri to her feet as he regained his. He turned to his sister and Ria. 
“Get the camels.”





Chapter 32
FOUND

Ty swayed in his saddle. The heat washing over him was hotter than a forge and sent pinpricks across his skin in its wake. Heat rash, sunburn, both, Ty didn’t really think there were names for the agonies the desert sun and sand brought. 
Probably because no one survived, he thought miserably.
It had been two days since the Temple of Dust. It should be called Temple Lake now, he thought. A new home for Water Elementals like Niri, who had left the Church behind. His thoughts spiraled on waves of heat.
The ground shimmered and moved sickeningly. Ty barely righted himself before he fell from his camel. It took him two tries to speak.
“Let’s stop here.”
Blinking his eyes ground the sand in deeper. There were only more dunes to see anyway and the sun, which was almost overhead. It was late to stop. Ty felt sorry for that. He was asking a lot, pushing all of them. Stopping cost them time and slowed their pace. Only movement would get them through the desert.
Ria and Lavinia dismounted as their camels sank onto the sand. Without a word, and with motions slower than the sun’s incremental journey of a day, they pulled out a cloth to erect a sunshade. Feeling no better himself, Ty fell more than dismounted before walking to where Niri’s camel was tied behind his.
She was oblivious to the world. He actually envied Niri that. After what she had done in the Temple, to the Temple, she had barely roused enough to eat or drink. She was light as feathers shaped into a woman when he lifted her down. He knew it was delirium born of the heat, but he dreamed often that Niri would evaporate like water under the desert sun. She was light enough that he half believed it.
The four of them sat in the meager shade as the brightest part of the day passed overhead. They baked like the strange twisted formations of glass that dotted the rolling dunes. The glass spirals had amazed him at first, until the day before. That was when he had seen the sun scorch the sand so intensely it had burst into flames. An inferno erupted yards from him, twirling and twisting skyward in a rising updraft. When it had burnt itself out, a tower of glass stood as a sentinel to the desert’s heat. 
No doubt it froze solid last night. 
Ty sighed. He wasn’t sure which was worse. The heat of the day that burned the skin and lungs or the cold of the night that threatened to freeze him to death before morning, so that he welcomed the sight of the sun as it rose. Until he felt its heat.
Lavinia handed him the canteen. Under her gaze, he tipped it up and let a dribble wash over his parched tongue. He pretended to swallow several times. Satisfied, Lavinia looked away. Ty savored the moisture in his mouth and then swallowed for real. He stashed the canteen, satisfied with its weight. 
He knew Lavinia suspected he wasn’t drinking his share, but she hadn’t said anything directly. She didn’t understand. Ty had seen Niri at the oasis. He guessed that Niri’s comatose state was from more than exhaustion. A naiad lost in the desert. It worried him. 
Next to him, Niri stirred, but did not fully waken. He dropped a hand onto her shoulder where she lay in the sand. She sighed and fell back asleep.

—

They stopped again for a brief break as the sand released the day’s heat, changing into the heavier clothing the approaching night required. Crossing the desert had become more important than sleep. They rarely stopped for long.
“You can sleep. You don’t need to get up.”
Lavinia was by Niri’s side when Ty turned, startled as he realized who his sister was speaking to. Awake to the world once more, Niri struggled upright, her arms barely supporting her weight. She shook her head weakly.
“No, really, I am feeling better ... comparatively.”
Lavinia handed the leather canteen to Niri, who sipped from it gingerly. Niri glanced around, her lavender eyes taking in the desert, the camels, and her companions.
“Where are we?”
“I’m not sure. Ty says west of Karakastad.” Lavinia said, voice rough.
“West?”
“Yes,” Ty said as he walked over, camel hair blankets in his arms. He knelt in front of Niri so that she would not have to turn to see him. “I thought if Sinika and the other Elemental knew we were in the Temple of Dust, then the Church must know we were in Tabook. We can’t go back.”
Niri closed her eyes as she took in what he said. “So you took us west.”
“I thought we would swing north toward Bakk, eventually. Our tracks will lead into the desert and hopefully be erased by the wind and sand.”
Niri let out a breath. It was visible in the chilling desert air.
“How long has it been since ...?”
“Two days,” Ria replied, taking Niri’s hand. 
Niri did not respond, blinking a few times. She looked from Ria to Lavinia, finally resting her somber gaze on Ty’s face. He realized that she understood what he had not told Ria or his sister: how very far the distance to Bakk would be.
“Then we should keep going. We are still too close to Karakastad.”
They rode all night, drowsing in their saddles. The camels’ great breaths bellowed in the moonlight while they huddled in blankets, heading finally north. Dawn streaked the eastern sky and still they did not stop. Only the sun’s heat brought them to a standstill as they spread blankets to block out the searing light.
Even to Ty the days were beginning to blur. All thought was burned from him except to travel north, conserve water, and avoid the sun. Days were measured in hot and cold more than light and dark. Only times in-between had he witnessed life. At dusk and dawn, strange slender lizards the color of the desert rose from the sand. Ty wondered what else lived unseen deep within the vast dryness. Everything felt distant. The heat and thirst belonged to another version of himself, while he moved in a dreamlike state. The last canteen, nearly empty, chilled him awake.
It was another morning. The sun was only a faint promise of rose streaks on the eastern horizon. He guided his camel next to Niri where she rode behind Lavinia and Ria. Both girls were asleep in the saddle. Reaching out, he touched Niri on the shoulder. She sat upright abruptly.
“Niri?”
Roused, she shifted the blanket wrapped about her so that she could see him. Her lips were cracked, he saw as she moved them to form words. No sound came.
“Do you sense any water?” Worry deepened his tone, pulling his lungs so that they ached.
Niri’s eyes flicked wider. She looked at his face for a moment. Then Niri closed her eyes and bowed her head as if in prayer. Ty rode beside her, feeling the cool bite to the wind, listening to the now familiar hiss of sand moving. His chest was pulsing. 
Ty hated to ask Niri to use her power, afraid the feat of calling the sea into the desert had been too much. He had feared Niri would try to use her power and either it wouldn’t be there or it would pain her. But she rode silently beside him. He swallowed, now simply worried about her answer. 
He had been so afraid since he had chosen this route from Karakastad - that it was too far and he led them to their deaths. But he had seen the flashes of fire deep within the sinkhole and watched in awe as a flood of water swept between dunes, washing away dry desert buildings before hurtling down into the Temple. Niri had faced two Fire Elementals. What would be waiting for them back in Tabook? What if Ria used her power with Niri beyond reason after the strain on hers? What if they faced the Curse? The pulsing in Ty turned to a pounding in his chest that echoed in his temples. He rubbed the headache wearily, wishing he was beyond worrying.
Niri looked across the desert before she turned to answer him. There was an apology in the line between her brows. Ty bowed his head, aching with his effort not to break down. He had not realized how much he had hoped she would find something.
“How much water do we have left?” Niri asked, her voice a whisper. 
Ty doubted he really needed to answer her. Niri would know, if anyone did, how much was left on the camels. He swallowed down his fear so that he could answer her in a steady voice.
“Not much. Not enough to make it to Bakk.”
They rode side by side in silence as the sun rose. It highlighted distant buildings with fragile gold and violet spiraled turrets. Green palm tree fronds were visible above the glistening white city walls. Ty sighed.
The first morning Ty had seen the desert city, hope had burned in him hotter than the sun. They had traveled all day only to see the image at sunset, still the same distance away. Morning had brought the same vision. He watched it without hope now. It could have been Bakk or the Church of Solaire. They would never reach it. Anything that gave hope in the desert was a mirage. 

—

They made it two more days before the camels refused to walk. The night sky was mesmerizing above them, the stars so clear that they hung like jewels in an indigo, velvet sky. Even over the ocean, Ty had never seen them so bright or colored like a fractured rainbow scattered across the night. Lost in beauty, it took him a second to understand what the noise was behind him.
Ty turned as Lavinia’s camel groaned and sank onto its front knees. It stopped half down, the motion unsettling Lavinia. She tumbled from her saddle into the sand. Ty was first off his camel to reach his sister, Ria tripping in her stirrup as she stumbled off her camel’s back.
Lavinia struggled upright, unhurt but rubbing her shoulder. Her camel dropped the rest of the way in a great moan. Then Niri’s did the same, followed by Ria’s and Ty’s as well as the two spare. There was no going further unless they walked, which ensured death. 
Niri sank next to Lavinia in the sand. Ria put her arms around Lavinia and sat down as well. Ty remained standing, unable to give up. Finally his knees decided what his will would not accept. He collapsed into the sand. 
Morning dawned with the promise of blistering heat to come. The need to protect his sister, Ria, and Niri pricked at Ty. He stacked the saddles and spread blankets over them to create a shelter. He knew it was futile though. The one thing they really needed he could not provide. 
Ria and Lavinia slept side by side on a blanket spread over the sand. Lavinia sobbed dryly once. Her hand reached for her necklace, fingers gently encircling the wooden pendant. Ty ached so that he trembled as he watched his sister. Her restless motions slowed and she drifted off into a deeper sleep. 
Niri was sitting, her chin against her chest as she leaned against the saddles. Ty knew she wasn’t asleep no matter the appearance. He slipped next to her, taking her hand. She sighed and leaned her head against his shoulder without opening her eyes. He sat beside her, wishing he could help her search. 

—

The riders came two days later after the hottest part of the afternoon. Their mounts were horses with fine, long legs and wide nostrils flared to breathe the desert air. Seeming to have risen out of the sand, five riders suddenly rode around the group in opposing circles. Dark eyes, barely seen through the cloth wound around their faces, looked down at them. Their flowing robes rippled in the breeze created at their passing. 
Ty watched, unable to tell if they were from the Church or were desert riders that had stumbled upon them. For the first time in days, Ty’s pulse picked up its tempo. He had his knives and his sister her sword, but there was no way they could fight. The desert had won the battle against physical exertion days before.
One of the men pulled his horse from the circling. The horse’s haunches kicked up a plume of sand as it stopped abruptly, tossing its head and rearing. He cupped a hand to his mouth.
“Nohl takrat.” 
The voice rolled on the ‘r’ with a guttural growl Ty had never heard before. Ria grabbed Niri’s hand, her olive eyes frightened. Three more riders came over the dune. The middle one pulled up his horse and looked down at the group in silence. Unlike the rest, he wore a cowled hood which cast his face in shadow.
 His horse picked its way down the dune, sinking to its fetlocks in the soft sand. As he dismounted, the other riders stopped circling and stood to the side. Lavinia stirred next to Ty. She leaned forward into the sun beyond the shelter, her eyes widening. She leapt to her feet and met the cowled man halfway, throwing her arms around him as he caught her.
“Darag!”





Chapter 33
REUNION

The force of Lavinia’s embrace knocked back Darag’s hood. Sunlight flooded his vision, but that didn't matter. Most of his awareness was on Lavinia, the physical feel of her in his arms.
“Behdwah soka nohle,” Darag said, barely aware of his robed companions. 
He wanted only to feel Lavinia’s heart beating against his chest. She was so light in his arms, her body lost in the folds of loose fabric she used to hide from the sun. But there was power in her arms. She held him like she would never let him go. A tremble raced through Darag, choking his throat closed.
Lavinia squirmed against him. She pulled up his hood to block out the sun, her hands staying cupped against his cheeks. What Darag saw on her face did not help the worry in him. Her skin was tanned and wind burnt, lips cracked. Her blue eyes were luminous though, brighter than the sun-filled sky.
Lavinia led Darag to their shelter, hand entwined with his. At the threshold of the tent door, the sand was damp. Surprised, Darag watched the smallest trickle of water bubble up. He had to force his gaze away from the fixation water caused in the desert. Niri smiled at him over the canteen he had asked the riders to give them. He had no doubt whose gift had brought water out of the dry land.
Ty stood slowly at Darag's approach. They eyed each other in silence, memories of Lus na Sithchaine heavy in the burning air. Then Ty stuck out his hand.
“We have yet to really meet properly. I’m Lavinia’s brother.”
A wry smile formed on Darag’s lips. “I’m Darag, Lavinia’s husband.”
Ty started to chuckle as he clasped Darag’s hand. “Gods, we are glad to see you.” Ty leaned forward and gave Darag a one-handed embrace. “Brother.”
Darag closed his eyes a moment, not sure he could take much more joy or heartache. As soon as he and Ty released each other, Lavinia threw herself into her brother’s arms. He was in worse shape and her weight collapsed him to his knees. Darag smiled as he sat next to them on the shaded blanket.
“How?” Lavinia asked as she returned to his side.
Darag ran his hand through her river of midnight-dark hair. “Later, tonight I will tell you. Rest now. Though, I will say one thing.” Darag said turning to Niri. “You were right. The Kith are true Earth Elementals.”
Darag placed one hand on the ground next to the sandy puddle of water. A moment after his touch, the sand compacted around the flow. The water in the depression cleared, forming a growing pool. Niri let out a slow breath. The desert riders next to the camels glanced at each other. 
“It will be an oasis in time, preserving what you did.”

—

As the dying sun streaked the sky, the two smallest desert riders pulled dried meat, fruit, rice, and pots from the packs of their horses. Darag, Lavinia, Ty, Ria and Niri joined them in the flat between the dunes near the tiny pool of water, Darag introducing the desert riders. 
Rah’kana, the group leader, was slightly stooped and often quiet. A thin white band with woven red trim secured the wrapped cloth covering his head. Keifa’shoo was the most animated in his movements. Tef’han was the easiest to differentiate, being the shortest of the robed riders and with wide shoulders. He carried himself with a swagger like he was ready for a fight. Jeif’taku was Tef’han’s opposite. Slender and tall, he moved like the desert wind. Behk’sah kept to himself with head lowered as he looked out at the small group. His dark eyes remained hidden in shadows. 
Leifa’den and Kefa’bey were the smallest and youngest of the group, Darag had learned. Leifa’den, he had been surprised to find, was a young girl. The robes and coverings of the riders did not make the gender difference easy to see. But her voice when she spoke was soft and high. Kefa’bey was the youngest, just a boy, and was likely to rattle on if you could get him alone. Each nodded as Darag said their names, except Behk’sah, who narrowed his eyes and growled deep in his chest. Darag introduced Lavinia, Ria, Niri, and Ty, Rah’kana and Keifa’shoo listening attentively.
 In the coolness of the night, the desert riders had loosened their headscarves to reveal smooth, tanned skin and dark eyes with thin lips below high cheekbones. Darag had grown used to the riders the last few days. But next to Ty and the others, there was an odd smoothness to their faces. It was a similarity that made Darag wonder what others must think the first time they saw the patterned skin of the Kith. 
Ria watched the riders with a wrinkle on her forehead. “How do they intend ...”
Her words were cut off as one rider extended a gloved hand. Fire sprouted from the desert sand. Niri, Ty, Ria and Lavinia jumped. Jeif’taku’s eyes crinkled at the corner and he laughed a few breaths.
“Fire Elementals?” Niri asked. She looked pale and nervous. 
“Not of the Church, if that is what you mean. They are Ashanti, the Desert Tribe. I met them in Bakk and they offered to ride with me to find you.” Darag turned toward the tribesmen, who were placing pots filled with water from Niri’s spring over the woodless fire.
“Shaarh sylfah?” Darag asked. 
Jeif’taku and Behk’sah exchanged a glance. Keifa’shoo laughed. “Kha,” he answered. “Khat ba selfah, sahl.” The words hissed, rising and falling in a staccato rhythm.
Darag raised his eyebrows. “He says not just one Elemental, but all.” 
Niri’s hand fell to the sand as she stared at the tribesmen. “I’ve never heard of such a thing,” she whispered.
“You can speak their language?” Lavinia asked.
“It is similar to Kith.”
“Beitah,” Keifa’shoo said, the sound dying away to the hiss of the sand moving in the wind.
“Of the same source,” Darag said, brow furrowed. His eyes stayed on the tribesmen for a moment. It was more information than they had given him as they rode to find his wife and friends. But then, he had not been too concerned with other worries at the time as to wonder why he and the Ashanti could understand each other.
“How did you find us?” Ria asked, pulling Darag’s attention back to the group.
“Ti fesh selfah efti whaf shaar tek?”
“Jeif’taku wants to know how Niri summoned the ocean into the desert.” 
Niri blushed softly. “Story for story then, you first.”
“Dih,” Keifa’shoo agreed, accepting a bowl of rice and fruit from Leifa’den. She and Khefa’bey passed out the food to everyone and then sat behind the other Ashanti, remaining close enough to hear what was said.
“After you left, Drufforth, I could not stay. I headed up the River of Turcot to the Temple of Ice.”
Niri and the tribesmen sat up straighter. “You were there?” Niri asked, voice wistful.
Darag nodded, a forgotten unease stirring with the memory. “I’ve never seen anything like it. The ground, the water, everything is frozen as if it was the deepest winter. The destruction outside ...” Darag shook his head. “But inside there was hardly anything out of place. A room,” Darag thought of the dark room that hovered with a presence. “Maybe two that showed signs of something amiss, otherwise it was like it had left ... or the Water Elementals knew they would not be needing their rooms any longer. They left them clean and empty as if waiting for new residents.”
“It doesn’t make any sense. The Temple of Dust, what we saw of it, showed obvious signs of a battle. The library was partially destroyed,” Niri said.
“We didn’t go into the rooms though. There wasn’t destruction on the steps down,” Ria pointed out.
“Why did you go?” Lavinia asked.
“Because of what you told me and what Laith Lus asked Niri. I wanted to know why he asked if you were going to go to the Temple of Ice,” Darag said to Niri. “I wanted to know what had caused the war: those with magic or the Order of Fire.” He glanced apologetically over at Ria.
“It was the Order of Fire,” Niri said flatly.
“Dih, shaar selfah.”
“How do you know?” Ria asked, turning toward Keifa’shoo.
“Ashanti oohket tohnwa.”
“Their history speaks of it.”
“It would have been useful to have met them about a week ago,” Ty said dryly. Keifa’shoo chuckled.
“Did you find anything?” Lavinia asked.
“A journal, it said the Temple of Stone had already fallen. They knew the Order of Fire was coming to the Temple of Mist next because Water Elementals had been at the Temple of Stone during the fighting and helped the Order of Earth. They were asking for help from the Temple of Winds and another name I had not seen before. That is where it ended.
I realized the danger you were in going to the Temple of Dust at the urging of a Fire Priest, so I went back to Drufforth and hired one of the ships to take me to the Archipelago. From there I went to Rah Hahsessah. I had just found news in the market that you had been there and gone to Tabook when word came that the sea had left its banks and flooded Karakastad. I knew that had to be Niri.” Niri blushed.
“That doesn’t explain how you knew where to find us in the desert,” Lavinia said from where she sat against him.
“I was rather desperate once I heard that the Temple of Dust was flooded. I knew something had happened and you were ahead of me. I ... I spoke to the earth, to the sand. Or maybe listened.” Darag shook his head, gaze unfocused.
“I felt you or at least the footsteps of the camels leading away from Karakastad toward Bakk. I knew it had to be you, so I went to Bakk and waited a day, then two. I could barely sense where you were in the desert, and then you stopped walking. I met the Ashanti when I tried to find a horse or camel to go and search for you. I was so afraid I would be too late.”
Darag’s gaze was only for Lavinia, imagined grief filling his heart. She touched his face tenderly. “You were not.”
“No, I must learn to not underestimate naiads.”
Ty snorted. “If you haven’t learned that yet, I’m surprised.” Darag peeked sidelong at Ty, but said nothing in reply. “You were in Rah Hahsessah? You only heard we were there ... nothing about what happened?” Ty asked.
Lavinia stiffened against him. Darag looked down at her and then across to Ria’s pale face. She did not meet his eyes, nor did Niri. Darag’s gaze narrowed. He looked at Ty.
“No, what happened?”
Lavinia compressed her lips before releasing a puff of air. She glared quickly at her brother before saying, “I killed a Priest.”
Darag was only vaguely aware of the stir that caused in the Ashanti. He looked down into Lavinia’s sky blue eyes, forgetting to breathe. “Why?”
“I ran into him. He realized what I was ... am,” Ria said, eyes fearful. “I couldn’t get away. He was holding on so tight. He kept throwing fire at Lavinia, but then Ty pulled me so that he stopped ... and Lavinia killed him.”
“You killed a Fire Priest?” Darag asked. She nodded, swallowing hard. Darag wrapped his arms around her, his cheek resting against her forehead. His heart was beating so forcefully he wondered if she did not feel it where she pressed into his chest. 
“I’m sorry I didn’t come sooner,” he whispered hoarsely.
Lavinia shook her head, pulling back. “It is why you taught me to use a sword. So I could fight when I needed to.”
Darag wanted to argue. He had never envisioned her fighting a Fire Priest. But what she said was true. He nodded, loving Lavinia all the more. As he let her go, Tef’han approached with a canteen in hand. He held it out to Lavinia.
“Teyl rhy’lef kahba shaar selfah kil beykeh?”
“Dyh,” Darag replied with a tinge of pride, drawing out the sound almost the same as the Ashanti. One arm stayed around Lavinia’s waist.
Tef’han grinned. “Sah’zoh, whitey!”
Lavinia took the open canteen uncertainly. “What is in it?”
“Yelfesh ak’shaar tek.”
Darag raised both his eyebrows. “It is potent.”
Lavinia hesitated, taking a deep breath. She managed a swallow, but coughed after. Tef’han grinned, swallowing a gulp as he walked to the other side of the flickering fire.
“I hope they don’t feel that way about all Priests or Elementals,” Ria said, cautiously.
“Kha, bata shaar Priests,” Jeif’taku answered, his voice strange on the word foreign to his language.
Niri leaned forward. “Why only the Order of Fire?”
A frown pulled at Keifa’shoo’s mouth. “Shaar Priests fetyi nohl bwahka Ak’Ashanti.”
“They think they rule this desert.” Jeif’taku snorted at Darag’s translation. Darag looked from Lavinia, to Ria, Ty and then Niri. “What else happened since you left Drufforth?”
Niri filled in the story, Ty, Ria and Lavinia hearing about the fight in the Temple for the first time. Jeif’taku leaned forward, watching Niri intently as did Keifa’shoo. Rah’kana watched her with hooded eyes while Behk’sah sat back, looking down at Niri. Darag watched Behk’sah. They crossed gazes once, Behk’sah’s lips rippling in an unvoiced growl. 
Darag sensed Behk’sah’s power as a swirling cloak around him, darker than the night. Only half listening to Niri, Darag centered himself as he reached out and felt the desert’s vastness. It was a new sensation, this enormous potential within his reach. The Kith were taught to shape wood and stone, but not to call forth the ground itself. Unfamiliar as it was, Darag held his power in an easy grip despite the enormity of it. Behk’sah tossed a hostile sneer toward Darag, Behk’sah’s power lancing at him. The sand between them moved. Darag did not budge. For a moment, the air hummed. 
Niri paused as if she sensed the friction filling the night. Jeif’taku elbowed Behk’sah. The thrumming of power dropped, but did not dissipate entirely. 
“The water had been sealed off from the Temple. I called it with enough force that it broke through the stone ... I didn’t even realize I had called the sea until it came, enough to fill the sinkhole. That was what tipped the scale. Ci’erra fought her way out rather than help Sinika. Sinika I managed to trap underwater.” Niri finished, glancing away. 
Unease crept up Darag’s spine. He guessed there was more, but Darag was dry mouthed himself after Behk'sah's testing. Whatever else there was could wait until they were no longer with the Ashanti.
Ria stared at the sand, flicking grains with her finger. “It is just a shame we never learned anything about the Curse.”
Niri sat up, startled. “But I did, before Sinika found me. There was a letter.” Niri reached over and took Ria’s hand. “I was so dazed. I forgot to tell you or maybe I thought I had. It is so mixed together.”
Ria's eyes shone with hope. “You learned how to defeat it?”
“No,” Niri held up a hand as Ria wilted. The conversation among the Ashanti, too quiet for Darag to hear, ceased. “Listen, whatever it is, it is a creature of magic. It was captured by mages that helped the Order of Fire during the war and forced to do their bidding. But that isn’t the most important thing. Ria, you are an Elemental.” Ria looked doubtful. “Truly, you are a Spirit Elemental. You can control the essence of life.”
“Is that true?” Ria asked in a hushed voice.
“Dih,” Keifa’shoo said with a smile. “Kay selfah.”
“Five elements,” Darag whispered. 
Jeif’taku swept to his feet. He held out a hand. An orb of fiery light formed above it. With a flick of his wrist, the small fireball flew forward, breaking apart into pinpoints by the wind Jeif’taku summoned. The breeze twisted back on itself to form a vortex. Water and earth swirled up the spinning column of air. Jeif’taku shaped the mass into a ball of soil and water, spinning in a whirlwind outlined by sparks. That alone was enough to awe Darag. He had never seen such a combination of power or such casual control of it. 
Jeif’taku turned his hand, sweeping it palm down toward the ground. The ball fell, sinking into the sand. Drawing his fingers together, he pulled his hand upwards. A tiny sprout grew out of the dirt, unfurling its first leaf. 
Darag met Jeif’taku’s amused gaze, wondering if the Ashanti were as friendly as they seemed and afraid of what he and Niri stood against if they were not.
“Kay,” Jeif’taku said again, showing canines with his smile.





Chapter 34
ORDER OF LIFE

Ria’s jaw fell open at Jeif’taku’s display. She snapped it shut and scuffled back in the sand. “He used magic ... spirit,” Ria said, starting to shake. “The Curse!”
Niri’s lavender eyes widened before the laughter of the Ashanti cut in. 
“Kha, Khat bek Ak’Ashanti.”
“Not here in Ak’Ashanti,” Darag translated, doubt on his face. He met Jeif’taku’s gaze steadily, neither looking away. Tension hung on the air.
Jeif’taku gave Darag a casual smile, moving his right hand out with an open palm. “Ef’katah.” 
Darag hesitated a second longer, before nodding slowly. Ria relaxed, relieved. Jeif’taku looked over at her, amusement dancing on his lips. 
“Rahknuhn,” he said to Ria.
“He wants you to try,” Darag said to her. 
Jeif’taku motioned her forward. Ria flinched, shaking her head as she bit her lip. Jeif’taku laughed, looking away as he smiled. Keifa'shoo chuckled deep in his chest while Behk’sah’s hissing laugh sounded cruel to Ria’s ears. She blushed and tucked her legs against her chest, staring at the sand. Nothing could make her risk summoning the Curse again. There was breathy laughter all around her.
“Life, living plants ... that is also Kith,” Darag’s voice was heavy with the realization.
“Tek ti yel selfah? Fetyiat.” Jeif’taku said, leaning back on his heels.
Lavinia’s eyes were round with the impact of the news. “You mean the Kith are Earth and Spirit Elementals and no one knew? I bet the Forest of Falin is safe then for Ria as well.”
The attention mostly off of her, Ria scooted forward to sit next to Niri again. “If that is true, I would never have bothered leaving,” she sighed. “I bet Laireag is an Air Elemental, too, and doesn’t even know it.”
“That makes sense.” There was a stir of movement as attention focused on Niri. “That was the second part of the letter. It said that talent in one element comes with birth, but it can mean latent and learnable skills in other elements.”
Ria perked up. “I could learn one of the other elements, and the Curse wouldn’t come?”
Behk’sah’s laughter rolled across the night. Jeif’taku and Keifa’shoo snickered as well, though they tried to hide it. Rah’kana was silent and still. Tef’han, sitting near Leifa’den and Khefa'bey smirked, while the youngest two Ashanti shifted uncomfortably, glancing at each other and toward Rah’kana furtively. 
“Kha,” Behk’sah said with a hissing chuckle. “Khat roke.”
“Why isn’t it simple?” Darag asked. His eyes were veiled with held back anger as he glared at Behk’sah. Ria had never seen Darag other than peaceful. She swallowed and shifted closer to Niri. On her other side, Ty’s quiet presence took on a hostile note. He clenched a fist, the muscles of his forearm tightening visibly. 
Jeif’taku gestured toward Darag. “Bal Darag fetyi feitah.”
Behk’sah snorted. Niri waited for Darag's translation. 
“He says he thinks I could learn.” 
Niri gave a cool smile. “I don’t see what is so difficult about it. I’ve already summoned air. It is how I managed to swim out of the Temple.”
Niri’s statement brought silence. Ty chuckled. Rah’kana gaze settled on Niri as if reconsidering her potential.
“Whaf selfah ketkah teyl fetyi,” Jeif’shoo said to Behk’sah with a laugh.
“Kha,” Behk’sah stood up and spat into the sand. He turned in a swirl of robes and stalked off between the dunes.
“Tef’han ehteck Behk’sah,” Rah’kana said, his voice quiet, but heavy with authority.
Tef’han rolled to his feet and whispered off into the darkness after Behk'sah. 
“Whaf selfah efti zyf, alypuh. Jah, whaf selfah khat rahth shaar, shaar selfah khat rahth whaf.” Rah’kana paused, his patient gaze resting on Darag.
“Water can summon air, but cannot touch fire. Fire cannot touch water.”
“Dih,” Rah’kana gestured toward Darag. “Tek selfah khat rahth zyf ti zyf selfah khat rahth tek.” 
“Earth cannot touch air and air cannot touch earth.”
Rah’kana rolled his hands toward Ria. She looked up into his eyes, finding more kindness than hostility in them. “Ti yel selfah khat rahth kahk.”
Darag drew in a sharp breath. “Life cannot touch death.”
Breath rushed from Ria's lungs.
“That’s why you felt it when I killed the priest,” Lavinia said, sitting forward.
“And why you could not hurt Causis,” Niri added.
“I can’t kill anything,” Ria said with a mix of fear and awe. “Not even the Curse.” Her throat spasmed shut.
“Kha,” Rah’kana agreed.
“But you can call all five,” Niri said to Rah’kana.
“Dih, rikeht yelfa’teh.”
“Yes, by birth.”
Niri pressed on. “So you can be born with more than one skill. There are exceptions.”
“Dih.” A slow smile fell across Rah’kana’s face. 
“Your powers are amazing,” Niri said with heartfelt honesty.
Rah’kana closed his eyes, his shoulders drooping slightly. When he looked up, there was a tiredness about him. “Nohl rashah wheytu zhezt.”
“Their power has a price.”
“Dih,” Rah’kana breathed out slowly. The other Ashanti were silent a moment, even Behk’sah where he stood outside the circle of firelight with Tef’han behind him. Keifa’shoo bowed his head.
Ria swallowed the lump in her throat. Into the silence of the night, her voice wavered. “Can you teach us?”
Rah’kana held her gaze a moment. Ria doubted she could measure up to whatever scale he weighed her against. 
“Kha, nohl befka kif’teh.”
“They must go home,” Darag said kindly to Ria. She bit her lip and looked away so that Rah’kana could not see the tears in her eyes.
“Nohl r’tohnwa ak’phesh’fah tek Karakastad, ti shaar selfah, ti whaf selfah,” Rah’kana gestured toward Niri. Then, he turned contemplative eyes on Darag, “Ti Kith.”
Darag looked uneasy as he translated, “They have to tell of the drowning of the Temple in Karakastad, and the Fire Elementals, and you, Niri, as well as the Kith.” 
Niri shifted. Across the woodless fire, Lavinia paled. Ria huddled in on herself.
“Nohl befka rhaz’yel.”
“They are going to leave in the morning.”
“Dih,” Rah’kana said with some force, looking sidelong at the other Ashanti. Jeif’taku stared at the ground. Keifa’shoo nodded, rising to his feet after Rah’kana slowly pulled himself upright with a hiss. Rah’kana followed by Keifa’shoo, Behk’sah, and Tef’han walked away into the darkness. Jeif’taku did not move. Khefa’bay stayed with his eyes on Jeif’taku. Leifa’den shifted, but did not leave either. Her gaze remained on Ria and Niri.
“Where do you live?” Lavinia asked after the desert silence had sat undisturbed a few moments.
“Teyl ahyee nohl kif’teh.”
“He says you’ve seen their home,” Darag said, glancing at Ty and Niri with a question in his eyes.
“The city in the desert? I thought it was an illusion,” Ty replied, tension gone now that most of the Ashanti had left.
“Kha,” Jeif’taku said with a faint smile. “Teyl feitah efti nohl kif’noh.”
“He says you have to know how to summon their city.”
“That would be a trick, I bet,” Ty said flatly.
“Bal tetkah kil teyl, jah r’befka kil Rah’kana,” Jeif’taku said to Darag, standing.
“Bahl feit’haf,” Darag replied, standing as well.
“Alypuh befka, sel’ha.”
“Aylpah beyf’kah ah’teyhl, sehl’hah.”
Darag and Jeif’taku clasped right forearms, stepping close to touch each other’s shoulder with free hands.
Jeif’taku followed after Rah’kana, the two youngest Ashanti walking behind. The flames in the sand flickered before dying. The cold desert night wrapped around the five friends.
“What did he say,” Ria asked as her eyes adjusted to the rose light of the lesser moon.
“That he would stay, but has to go with Rah’kana,” Darag said, putting an arm around Lavinia when she leaned against him. “He called us friend.” 
No one said anything to that.

—

In the morning, there was only Darag’s horse and the six camels remaining outside of the shelter. It was like the Ashanti had been a desert dream except that Darag was there, his arms around Lavinia, and a small palm tree grew next to Niri’s spring. But the ground where the Ashanti’s fire had burnt was not even scorched and the sand did not show their boot prints.
“Do you trust them?” Niri asked Darag.
“Not entirely. Certainly not Behk’sah and not their curiosity about the Kith. But in general, I do not think they mean harm.”
Ty paced a moment, bristling energy radiating from him. It made Ria feel glum and tired.
“I wish I could call fire. It’s still cold,” Ria said, sitting down in the sand. 
Niri dropped a hand on her shoulder. “I don’t see why we can’t try to teach you.”
Ria stared at Niri. Darag froze as well, watching Niri thoughtfully.
“But ... but you are a Water Elemental and Rah’kana said that you can’t summon fire.” The words rushed out of Ria.
Niri knelt next to Ria. “Yes, according to the Ashanti’s rules, but I’m not so sure. I could summon Sinika, call forth a fire spirit ... I never thought about it before, how I shouldn’t be able to do that. I thought it was because of Sinika. Now that I know there are ways to call the other elements, who is to say?
Besides,” Niri continued. “Darag is an Earth and Spirit Elemental as well, if not more. He should be able to summon fire. I have already called air. I think we will be able to figure it out on our own.” 
Unexpected tears filled Ria’s eyes. So much hope swelled in her that she found it hard to breathe, much less answer.
“What do you mean ‘if not more?’” Lavinia asked.
“Didn’t you see it?” Ty answered to Lavinia’s surprise. “They watched Darag like he was ... a lost brother. What was the word they used when they spoke of the language?”
“Of the same source,” Darag said, sinking down into the sand. Lavinia sat next to him and took his hand.
“Do you think?” Ria asked.
Darag shook his head. “It is hard to say. I know so little about the Ashanti.”
“I really got the impression that you were opposites. They were so aggressive, while the Kith are peaceful. You are different ... except for the language and maybe the skills. We won’t know until we try.” Niri lifted an eyebrow at Darag. His answering smile held a hint of competitiveness.
“That is all well and good, but we are not going to sit in the desert while you learn the other elements.”
Lavinia laughed at Ty’s teasing tone. “Agreed!”
“So where do we go now, then?” Ria asked, impatient.
“I would think that is obvious.” All eyes turned toward Darag. “There is only one Temple we have not seen. The place where the last free Elementals made their stand: the Temple of the Winds.”

—

It took a day and a half to reach Bakk. Ria could not believe how close they had been and how great that distance was in the desert. She was nervous the first night away from the spring, sipping sparingly from the canteen despite reassurances that Bakk was close. A little after mid-morning of the next day, Ria realized the desert sand was spotted with tiny grasses and stubby, round-leafed plants. As the dunes shrank, scrublands dominated the landscape outside the windswept town of Bakk.
Ria didn’t see the town until they had wandered into it. She had taken the conical grassy mounds as strange dunes until she saw the steps leading down to narrow doorways. Darag led them to the largest of the odd, partially underground buildings with familiar ease. Beyond it were rolling hills of grass, undulating in the wind. Ria had never seen anything so enticing.
“This is the inn,” Darag said as he helped Lavinia from her camel.
"We can stay a few days until we are rested, then head north to Ashi’Shinai,” Ty said.
Ria sighed. 





Chapter 35
LESSON OF FIRE

“So I suggest the first element you work on is fire.” Ty said as he dropped a poor assortment of twigs and branches next to the fire ring Darag had called from the ground. Niri cocked an eyebrow at him, humor bubbling to her lips. 
“Why?” Ria asked with bright innocence.
“Niri can put out anything that gets out of control.”
Ria giggled while Lavinia rolled her eyes. “Yah, no kidding,” Lavinia drawled.
“Lazy,” Niri accused Ty. He shrugged, unthreatened. “Well first, the ‘kindling’ needs to be dry.”
Niri focused on the first piece she picked up, narrowing her eyes. Water and sap leaked out from the split ends. Darag let out a slow breath.
“Yah, she is a showoff sometimes.” Niri glared at Ty, wishing she had something to throw at him, something akin to a fireball. The idea of calling a storm to drench him crossed her mind.
Ty grinned at her. “Hey sis, why don’t we take a walk and look for some more ‘kindling’ for them to play with.” Lavinia laughed, hooking her arm through her brother’s. They disappeared down the rise together.
They had stayed in Bakk three days. All of them were exhausted, although Ria spent the time impatiently pacing, wanting to learn to use the gift that sang in her blood. 
“When?” Ria had asked each dawn. 
“Not here, not in town. On the way to Ashi’Shinai.”
“In case I call the Curse,” Ria had said in response to Ty’s order, arms crossed.
“No, Ria, because no one else must know it is possible,” Niri had consoled. 
Ria’s impertinence actually made Niri laugh, especially after she had bathed and let the water soak into her skin until she felt full with it. The girl had sulked for a large portion of the journey. This had been the first time Niri had seen Ria as the one most anxious to continue as she embraced, rather than forswore, the gift she had been born with.
It had taken Niri nearly the entire three days in Bakk to feel the effects of the desert dryness fade from her mind. Ty had seemed to know. He took his time selling the camels for stocky legged horses common to the Steppes to the north and making arrangements for food and provisions. All the while the sunburn across his nose and eyes, places where the desert headscarf had not covered, healed to leave only a deep worry line between his brows. 
Darag and Lavinia had been inseparable in their happiness. Though Darag had left her to sleep and recover while he helped Ty prepare for the journey north, there was always a smile on his lips and a weightlessness in his step. If possible, Niri had thought Lavinia looked even happier than she had in Lus na Sithchaine.
Now on their first day riding north from Bakk, they camped in a waving sea of grasses and sedge that rolled along the low hills. Higher mountains rose to the northeast, holding mostly scrub and rock. No trees were visible anywhere along the wide sweep of the horizon. 
The ground had become softer during the day. Dampness formed veins of water in the depression and soon they had been riding along grass choked streams, insects humming in the humid air. Niri felt alive with the change. 
Now she sat facing Ria’s olive eyes set in her lightly tanned face. Worry lines traced across Ria’s forehead.
“How do you know I won’t use magic and summon the Curse?”
“You won’t. We will watch you and tell you to stop before you do. Trust yourself.” Darag’s eyes were as kind and patient as his words. Ria swallowed and nodded nervously. “Are you sure you want to try?” Darag asked Niri.
Niri nodded. The fluttering in her stomach was less visible than Ria’s anxious face, but existed nonetheless. “Yes, there is no harm in trying.” Darag’s lips compressed into a thin line, but he did not argue with her. “I’m sure you’ll try air when the time for it comes.” Niri caught his amused sidelong glance as she held up her stick.
She had done this before, or something similar. She had summoned heat to create a tiny opening for a fire spirit to come through, enabling the connection to Sinika. Now instead of picturing Sinika, Niri thought simply of fire and flame. Warmth welled in her and she foisted it toward the end of the twig. She pushed all of her will into it. 
Pain lanced down her arms like her veins were afire. Niri gasped as the lightning quick agony shot from her fingers. Her concentration broken, no further discomfort followed. She looked to where Darag had leapt to his feet, a few tears wrung by the sudden torment scattering from her lashes. Darag wasn't looking at her though. His eyes focused on the stick she held in a trembling hand.
“You did it,” Ria said breathlessly, her rapt gaze held by the tiny flame.
“Yes, but I don’t want to do that too many times unless I really need to.” Niri’s hand was shaking visibly. Darag opened his lips, brows pulled close as he looked from the flickering flame to Niri’s face. 
“You’re next,” she cut in before Darag could ask anything, concern evident in his drawn brows. Niri glanced quickly toward Ria’s wide-eyed and lip-biting nervous amazement. Darag understood the gesture. He said nothing as he reached forward for a twig.
“Any suggestions?”
Niri explained what she had done, Ria keeping careful attention to every word. Darag closed his eyes when she finished, sitting cross-legged before the fire. Niri felt the air change around him. To her, it was like the building heat of a small campfire. When Darag opened his eyes, there was a faint golden glow to his normal green.
Darag focused on the stick in front of him. Nothing happened. The buildup of power in the air was intense, but Darag struggled with trying to find a way to throw the seed of fire away from himself. Ria’s shoulders bowed. Her hand holding the twig she had been toying with tightened to a fist.
Suddenly the air changed. The stick Darag held burst into flames followed by the stack of twigs and branches in the fire pit. A column of fire shot ten feet into the air. Darag, Niri, and Ria all jumped backwards out of the way of sparks and flames.
Niri couldn’t help it. She rolled onto her back and laughed. Lifting her head slightly, she tossed her tiny twig with its bit of flame into the settling fire. “I’m the showoff?” she teased, looking through the campfire at Darag where he sat with arms splayed behind. 
“I hope Ty and Lavinia come back soon. This isn’t going to last long and Ria still has her turn,” Darag said with humor. Ria expelled a breath.
Under the fading sunburn, Ria could not turn paler. Her hand holding the twig shook, so that she steadied her wrist with her free hand. Without a word, she closed her eyes.
“You can do this, Ria. From what Rath’kana said, Spirit Elementals can summon all the elements. You were born to this as well.”
Niri’s words of encouragement did not reflect on Ria's face. Darag looked at Niri. She shook her head slightly. She didn’t feel any change around Ria either.
Niri thought back to how she had been taught at Solaire, and then shied from the memory. Such techniques would not work on Ria. Not to mention, Ria had only summoned her power and used it twice before. The other two times it had failed her. Untrained, Ria was being asked to call a power that was not her primary gift. Niri bit the inside of her cheek.
Ria’s brows knitted together. A pulse of energy pulled toward Ria. Niri leaned forward, but before she could say anything, Ria let it go. It happened twice more, each ending with Ria pushing her primary power away. Finally, a buildup of heat began to form around Ria, growing in strength with a slow but steady rise.
With an intense gaze, Ria focused on the twig in her hand. The air crackled, but like with Darag, nothing happened. After a moment, the strength in Ria’s face faded. Her hand dropped slightly, lips softening. Then with whatever frustration she combined her will, a spark flashed on the twig’s end. A tiny flame burst to life.
“Oh!” Ria’s concentration shattered with surprised delight. With not enough strength to burn on its own, the flame fluttered out.
“Don’t worry, you’ll ...”
Before Niri could finish, Ria pushed a new spark to ignite on the tip of the twig. Stronger this time, it stayed burning when Ria stopped feeding it with her energy. Ria grinned.
“That wasn’t as hard as I thought.”
“Speak for yourself,” Niri said drolly.
“But she is right in a way. You managed it. Why do only the Ashanti know this is possible?” Darag asked.
Niri frowned. “I don’t know. Because no one realizes it is? Maybe it is easy because we know it can be done. Calling air the first time for me was ... difficult. I nearly lost the bubble so many times. And it took Sinika weeks to teach me the beginning of the summoning spell.” 
Darag turned his focus to the dying fire. He held out a hand and the flames intensified, rising up at his calling. With a quick jerk, flames detached from the fire. Roiling, the fireball rose into the air. With the tiniest stretch of his fingers, it dissipated. Ria sighed wonderingly. Darag turned to Niri.
She shifted, holding up a hand and then stopped. Shaking her head, she sat back. “No, I think not.” Her face felt stiff.
“Maybe with practice it will be less painful?” Darag suggested.
“Practice!” Ria said, giddy. She slid forward until her knees touched the stone of the ring. The fire rose up without her moving her hand, a fireball cutting off and expanding slowly like a bird’s wings opening. Instantly, she sent up another one, this time swirling it in on itself until it winked out as a tiny spark.
Laughter on his lips, Darag shook his head. “Now who is the showoff?”
Ria grinned.
Ty and Lavinia returned a few minutes later. Lavinia dropped her pile of sticks next to the fire and put her arms around Darag, holding him from behind while she nestled her cheek against his neck. 
“Having fun?”
Ria answered Lavinia’s question. “Yes.”
Ria formed another ball of flame from the dying fire. She collapsed it into itself quickly so that it shone brightly in the late afternoon light like a star. Lavinia blinked rapidly a few times while Ty chuckled. He tossed a few more sticks into the fire.
“Wow, can you do that?” Lavinia asked Darag.
As Darag held out his hand, the air changed, feeling thick like before a storm. The flames flattened back to black coals specked with glowing embers. With the slightest lift of his finger, a jet of flame shot into the air like dragon’s breath. Darag spread it out above their heads so that it glistened into a luminescent mist before it faded. 
“I should have guessed. Things are always easy for you," Lavinia teased.
Darag shifted suddenly so that Lavinia lost her balance where she knelt behind him. He caught her, pulling her around so that she ended up lying across his lap.
“Oh yes,” he said dryly. “Things are always effortless for me.” Then he kissed her.
“And you?” Ty asked Niri.
Niri shook her head. “It is possible, but not pleasant.”
Lavinia had completely broken Darag’s concentration. After a moment, they rose together and walked hand-in-hand down the hill from the camp. Jumping a small stream at its base, they headed up the next mound, talking and laughing.
Ria was totally absorbed in the fire before her as if she could make up for the lost years when she didn’t know she had the skill. Her brow was furrowed and hand held out as the flames danced and writhed to her calling.
Niri watched a minute, then stood. Ria had called a spark out of the air and was seeing how long she could keep it in existence before lack of fuel snuffed it out. She was getting quite good. Niri headed down the hill to where Ty was scavenging a few meager branches in the hopes of having the fire last more than an hour. The evening already promised to be cool, although not bone chilling like the desert nights.
There were scant pickings of the tiny shrubs. Niri meandered along the trickling rivulets, her mind wandering. The flowing water and damp underfoot was a comfort. The agony of calling fire had scorched her senses similar to the days in the desert. At least here, there was water around her for relief. Ty’s voice nearby nudged her from her empty thoughts.
“Ria seems quite happy.”
Niri smiled. “Yes, I think she is likely to keep at it until she falls over from exhaustion.” She shook her head, thinking again of what it must have been like leaving home and running so far for a gift Ria neither wanted nor could use. It made Niri’s time in Solaire seem a little less harsh.
The light at her feet changed. Niri glanced up to see what looked like a star hanging above the camp, neither fading nor strengthening. Ria could only hold it for so long before it winked out, leaving the shadows darker than before. With its disappearance, Niri’s eyes found the silhouette of Darag and Lavinia. Lavinia stood in front of her husband, leaning back against him. Arms loose around her waist, Darag bent his head to speak to Lavinia quietly or brush her shoulder with his lips.
Joy filled Niri at seeing their happiness together. She pulled her gaze away to search for more wood, full of contentment beyond what water granted. Her eyes crossed Ty’s as he looked away from Lavinia and Darag as well.
“Your sister is very happy.”
Ty half snorted, half chuckled. “She has always gotten things right the first time. I can’t believe we are related.”
Niri peered at Ty. He was still scanning the fast growing shadows for wood, his search bringing him closer to where she stood. The hardship from the desert was fading from his face with skin tanned but lips no longer chapped. A warmth stirred in her, rising unexpectedly. 
She shifted away before their paths crossed, her breath a little quicker. Ty had become a good friend since the desert, before that even, maybe since Rah Hahsessah. Something had changed in him after they had sailed from Drufforth, or maybe something had left. Niri’s thoughts snagged on their talk in Sardinia, which had been the first time he had held her to give her comfort, and then drifted to when she had cried in Tiero.
“Are you alright?”
Niri realized she was standing motionless across the weedy stream from Ty. She blushed, happy the darkness hid the color. 
“Yes ... thoughts getting the better of me.” Ty was still looking at her, his eyes narrowed to see through the dimness. Niri found herself asking a question she did not even know she wanted an answer for. “You never did say what Ria had told you during the southern crossing that you said helped.”
Ty looked away, Niri certain she saw him blushing. He gazed toward the barely seen glow of the campfire and then down at his feet.
“She said several things really,” Ty said, looking up at Niri through his lashes. “She said she appreciated that I had come along, but that she wasn’t my responsibility. She was sorry for the arguments in Drufforth. And.. and that she was happy to know me as more than Lavinia’s brother. That I was a friend, but she didn’t love me.”
Niri opened her mouth to say something, then closed it again. Ty chuckled at her befuddlement. A flash of humor crossed her lips.
“I didn’t realize that having a woman say they didn’t love you would cheer you up.”
Ty grinned. He glanced up toward the fire again. “It would depend on the woman, I suppose.” He hesitated a moment, his eyes finding Niri’s once more. “Like if you said it, I think I would be very upset.”
Niri’s breath caught in her throat as she met Ty’s gaze. He tried to keep the humor alive on his face, but his expression turned more serious by the second. 
“Ty, I ...” Nothing came into Niri’s mind.
Ty tossed down his armload of sticks and walked across the sodden gully between them. He took her hand before she could react.
“Look, I know you must hate me for what I said after the Curse. I had no reason to accuse you. Damn it,” Ty looked away, pain on his face. “I should have apologized before and not been such an ass, wishing you’d just forget that day.” 
“You had every reason to hate the Church. I don’t blame you for that.”
Ty touched her cheek with a hand that trembled slightly against her skin. His gaze was far more tender, but still filled with pain. “But I had no reason to doubt you.”
Niri’s heart was pounding in her chest. A tremor went down to her knees, making them weak. “You didn’t know me well then.”
“I know you well now. Will you forgive me at least?”
“At least?”
“So that we can be friends.”
A smile fluttered on her lips. “I don’t want to be friends with you.”
Ty’s hand twitched against her skin as he stiffened in shock. Niri almost felt guilty for the wince that flashed across his face. But when he looked at the partially lifted eyebrow and her smile, he relaxed. It took another heartbeat for him to put together what she meant.
Ty pulled her close, holding her tightly but as if she was something fragile as well. She found herself pressing into him.
“I never expected ... you can’t mean that.”
His breath was a warm whisper against her cheek. “Is it so hard to imagine I love you?” Niri’s voice trembled.
“Yes,” he laughed, pulling back to gaze at her face. “Yes it is. I thought you had better sense.”
“Sometimes things just don’t make sense,” Niri whispered, lightly touching his face. “Like after everything you would end up caring for a rogue Priestess.”
Ty leaned his forehead against hers, closing his eyes briefly. “Elemental, Priestess, that doesn’t matter to me. I love you, Nirine.”
His lips were soft against hers, tentative for a moment. Then the fire of sudden passion got the better of them. They were both shaking when the kiss ended a few minutes later, Ty brushing her closed eyes with his lips while her heart pounded like a drum. 
“Just promise me one thing?”
“What would that be?” Niri murmured.
“If I ever act such the fool again, you will toss me overboard.”
“With pleasure.” Niri gave him such a wicked grin that Ty laughed and kissed her again.





Chapter 36
THE MARSH OF ISHA

After Darag learned to control the wind, the air around him changed. It reminded Lavinia of the charged atmosphere surrounding Laireag, but more controlled, more Darag. 
Lavinia looked at where he rode next to her, her lips curving into a smile. With him beside her, the ache to return to Lus na Sithchaine was less acute. Darag said it was the same for him, and could not explain it. Other than that maybe since she was not of the Forest originally, and since they were together, the need was less. It was a satisfying thought, but paled next to simply being near him again.
As an Earth Elemental, he was not supposed to be able to control air. That fact did not escape her. But having been born a Spirit Elemental, it seemed to buffer him from the initial feeling of too much space he had said he felt the first time he called the wind. 
“It was like finding yourself on a mountaintop with a view of all the world, but not enough air to breathe. I thought I would suffocate or expand suddenly to break apart into nothing. Then it flooded back in and I could feel every particle - what makes the force of wind. After that, I could control it.”
Darag’s description did not sit well with Lavinia. She had never thought of a risk to him. He was always so skilled. To think that there was a danger in just trying to touch an element made her mouth go dry. 
As they rode north the day before, the rolling mounds had fallen away. Throughout the journey, the three Elementals tested themselves and each other. After fire, mastering water was next with Niri leading the way early that morning. Ria had fumbled, Darag told Lavinia, grabbing the essence of fluid too tightly so that it slipped from her fingers. It barely moved for her. Impatient, Ria only made small successes before wanting to move on.
“And you?” Lavinia asked.
Darag gave her a half smile and shrug. “Water is not a challenge for Earth Elementals.”
Ria had suggested they try to control the wind as it rippled the tall stalks of grass, creating waterless waves. Unlike water, air was not an element all three were guaranteed to share. Niri, having called it before, went first. Lavinia watched as Niri closed her eyes. Her small horse tossed its head as wind blossomed before it, racing out in a sweeping wave of blowing grass. 
Ria had floundered for a moment. Then a natural strong gust of wind had struck the group. Ria frowned and, in a flick of concentration, the wind parted to flow around them. Ria laughed, tossing back her head with a carefree mirth Lavinia had never seen in her. Niri smiled, but her eyes had been sober as they landed on Darag. Niri had called the element forbidden to her. Lavinia had never seen Niri cowed, but she would not talk about calling fire.
Lavinia had seen no change on Darag’s face as he closed his eyes and bowed his head. Whatever struggle occurred in him had been hidden from her. One moment he was as before, the next he was surrounded by the spark of a storm as the air in front of him shimmered and danced. He only told her later of the time that hung frozen in his mind, when he could not breathe and threatened to break apart. 
Now he held all five elements and the air around him was thick with power. She wondered what Laith Lus would say when they returned. Or for that matter, what the Ashanti would say now. They would be equals, Darag and Jeif’taku. 

—

Ahead the last hillock stood before the setting sun. From here, the trail turned west. They would reach Ashi'Shinai tomorrow, once they crossed through the marsh. Ty reigned in his horse on the last rise. The path ahead disappeared into muck through the soggy grassland. 
“This is our best chance for a dry night, short of keeping the Elementals busy holding back the water, of course.”
Niri lifted an eyebrow at him, looking like she may very well accept his challenge. Ty grinned.
“I’d be careful, Ty. Niri might swamp you just as well as keep you dry,” Lavinia told her brother. 
He chuckled ruefully. He had been in a good mood for days. But there was something different about him today, a little more joyfulness. 
The need to set up camp put the puzzle of her brother’s changed spirit out of her mind. Dragging out food while Darag summoned stones for the campfire, an odd sound caught Lavinia’s attention. Niri, Lavinia realized, was humming. 
Lavinia swiftly stood upright, a pot dropping from her fingers. The glances between Ty and Niri that morning fell into place. 
“Vin, you okay?”
Ria was looking at her like she had just about walked off of Mirocyne’s cliff. Lavinia snapped her jaw shut.
“Fine,” she answered unable to stop the laughter that welled up inside her. Ria gave Lavinia a look she would normally have reserved for the daft and turned her attention back to what she had been saying to Niri. 
Ria is going to have to figure this one out on her own, Lavinia thought.
Over Ria’s head, Lavinia caught Niri’s gaze. Lavinia grinned. Niri’s eyes widened a fraction, then she blushed. A sweet smile painted itself across her face. Lavinia nearly danced as she pulled out the bedrolls.
“Since there is no wood, should we try what the Ashanti did and make fire without fuel?” Ria asked. Controlling the elements was her focus in the world now.
Darag’s gaze was steady, a faint smile on his lips. “There is fuel here. I think it is time you learn to control earth.”
Ria rocked forward in anticipation. Niri joined them as well, earth being an element that should be within her range of skills. Lavinia cast her husband a smile before turning to her brother and lacing her arm through his.
“I think things are about to get very boring around here for non-Elementals. Why don’t we check out the trail for tomorrow?”
As she and Ty walked down the hill, Lavinia saw Darag take a handful of dead grass. In his hand, the strands wove together into a tight, log-sized braid. Lavinia had a feeling that by the time she and Ty were back, there would be plenty of fuel on hand for the night’s fire.
Once they were out of earshot, Lavinia turned toward her brother. He was picking his way along the muddy track, kicking at the slick dirt as he frowned.
“You know, Darag and Niri can make the trail perfectly safe.”
Ty glanced up at her, his face clearing as he chuckled. “True. I guess there are some advantages to traveling with Elementals.”
“Just some? So when did you and Niri realize you were in love?” 
Ty swung around to stare at her, his glance darting once to gauge the distance to their companions.
“Don’t worry, I don’t think Ria has figured it out yet. If it doesn’t involve earth, air, wind, fire, or spirit, it isn’t on Ria’s mind at the moment.”
Ty sighed, the tension in his shoulders releasing. When he looked at his sister, there was a deep warmth to his look that made her smile. She knew the feeling, but had never seen it cross her brother’s face before. 
“Yesterday, we ... talked while we were getting the last of the twigs and such.”
“Oh, that’s why it took so long,” Lavinia teased, happy to make her brother blush.
Ty sobered quickly. “Ria will realize it eventually though. How do you think she will take it? Even she said she realized what happened before ... on the boat between us, had been a mistake.”
A dry lump formed deep in Lavinia’s stomach. The argument between her and her brother, as well as Ty and Niri, must have blinded her. For all her hopes and imagination, Lavinia hadn’t realized things had taken a serious turn between Ty and Ria. Ty’s gaze lingered on her face. He frowned and looked down the trail. 
“That well, huh?”
“I don’t know Ty. I hadn’t realized that ... you and Ria,” Lavinia bit her lip. “It might be best to just tell her, rather than wait.”
Ty nodded, kicking at the mud again. It squelched against his boot. There was a flash of violet and mauve as something small and scaled flashed through the grass and into the water. Ty kept his eyes on where it disappeared.
“You know, I trust your sword and all, but maybe we should go back.”
“Wait.”
Ty turned and looked at her, concern on his face.
“There is something Niri didn’t tell you about the Kith. She said she'd left it to me.”
Ty’s look settled on her, waiting. Lavinia’s heart pounded, her brain unable to find the words she wanted while her lips refused to form any that came to mind. She hadn’t thought this was going to be hard, even though she had put it off almost two weeks. Lavinia took a deep breath.
“She told you they are bound to their trees?”
Ty nodded slowly. 
“They live and die by their trees. They live as long as their trees.” Lavinia paused there.
It took a moment, but Ty’s eyes widened as they refocused on her instead of memory. “But then Darag ... you?”
Tears streamed down Lavinia’s cheeks. She shook her head, struggling to speak around the constriction in her throat. “No, it isn’t that way. Just the opposite. I am bound to Darag and to his tree through him. I’m ...” Lavinia couldn’t finish her sentence. 
Ty closed his eyes. Several emotions crossed her brother’s face: relief followed by a pallor which brought out his dark lashes and hair. Ty reached out and pulled her into his arms.
“You will have a long and very happy life with him, little sis,” he said huskily.
Lavinia hiccupped a sob against his chest. “I know.”
The incongruity made both of them laugh in breathy quiet. Ty wiped Lavinia’s tears away and kissed her on her forehead like he had when they were kids. 
They began the return walk in silence, Ty’s brow furrowed. He peered toward the camp as their three companions became visible. Ria was biting her lower lip, staring intently on a haphazard braid of grass she held in her hand. 
“Have you noticed Ria’s skill doesn’t seem that strong?” Ty said softly to Lavinia.
“She moved our parents’ boat back to Mirocyne. That doesn’t seem so little.” As Lavinia watched, Ria sighed and lowered her hand holding the grass while she rubbed her forehead with the other. “Maybe there is something the Ashanti didn’t tell us about Spirit Elementals using the other elements?”
“Maybe there is a lot the Ashanti didn’t tell us.”

—

They left at daybreak, heading into the flat sea of grass. The dirt path was wet, but not impassable. Lavinia never asked if Darag or Niri kept the way clear. Strange birds with haunting calls flew over the marsh and more of the colored lizards crossed their paths. When the wind was still, hordes of insects flocked about them. After the first assault, the Elementals made sure the air was never stagnant. 
At times the grass fell away to bogs of peat or mud. The horses would roll their eyes and shy away from deep pools near the flat, mossy expanse. Lavinia could feel the alertness in Darag and Niri, as if they sensed something else in the marsh. It unnerved her, which didn’t help her horse.
Finally as the sun neared the western horizon, the trail became an elevated pathway on supports of thick bamboo driven deep into the muck. The walkway of woven rushes with scant planking strained under the weight of the horses, swaying and sagging as the ponies passed one on each section at a time. Darag looked at the ropes and boards with unintentional dismay.
“They need an Earth Elemental.”
Niri laughed quietly. “I’ll ask if they are hiring for you.”
Darag sent a gust of wind into her face, blowing her hair across her eyes.
The bamboo platforms of Ashi’Shinai were outlined by the setting sun, the beginnings of the Bay of Tiak glowing behind. The tide was nearly out and the thin layer of liquid was broken by tall grasses and mud flats. The house platforms were over twenty feet in the air above the marsh’s surface. Narrow boats strained on reed ropes, wanting to join the rushing water as it raced to the bay. 
The fibrous swinging bridges stretched between platforms, linking the square houses into a community. The evening provided barely enough light to see the woven half walls of the houses and wide glassless windows set beneath the deep roof overhang. Lavinia ducked under the trailing leaves of a plant dangling from the roof. It hit her harder than she expected. Glancing up, she realized there was a baby squash hanging amidst the vine. 
In silent awe, Lavinia looked with new eyes around the marsh village where gardens that grew on the edges of roofs and pathways were either bridges or forged by canoe. Beyond the village, tiny fires flared and flickered through the marsh, brighter than foxfire and moving like the lights in Lus na Sithchaine. She could not imagine what caused the strange flames in this world of water. To the east toward the center of the marsh, a roiling glow lit the sky.
“Darag, do you know what that is?”
Lavinia wasn’t sure why the marsh unnerved her other than it wasn’t water nor farmland, forest nor desert. It was a land in-between filled with sucking mud, dangerous tides, and scaled creatures that watched her with intelligent eyes.
Ty answered her question, “It is the dragon, Isha.”





Chapter 37
THE BAY OF TIAK

Tam’s boat rolled under him. Ty resisted the urge to get up and look to see what the weather and seas were like. With Niri curled next to him, it was not a hard notion to fight off. She sighed and leaned against him, content to be on a ship again and at sea. Ty smiled, slipped his arm around her and lay back down.
He had always wanted to sail the Fjords of Karii. It had been one of the last things he had said to his sister before leaving for his apprenticeship. But the Gypsy Empress was not the sort of boat that could navigate the tides and winds of the Bay of Tiak, with or without an Air Elemental. Still, he had learned what he could of the bay and the marsh, hoping to see it when his dreams had been only about sailing. Before Arkira had tormented his soul and promised him off like an unwanted dog. Which despite everything, he had to admit, had worked out for the better.
Tam’s boat was designed for this sea and these tides. Ty had known that when he had seen the hull silhouetted in the moonlight off the waters of the bay where it was anchored beyond the mud flats of low tide. Sleek with two masts to respond to the shifting winds, the rippling line of the long rudder had extended far behind. Ty had smiled at the sight of the ship as they approached in the narrow marsh canoes. She was beautiful.
It had taken some time in Ashi’Shinai to determine where to find an inn. There was no way to judge one house from another. The few villagers they saw looked at them without expression. Even a boy, standing with legs splayed on either side of a canoe as he folded a net into the bottom, barely glanced up as they passed. Dark tattoos swirled across his cheeks, black against his olive skin, blacker than his brown hair and eyes. A thin necklace of stones, glinting scales, and what looked like lizard claws hung around his neck over a bare chest. 
Ty had been at a loss until his eyes settled on the canoe. If there was an inn, there would be more than the one or two boats tied near the house. After that, things moved swiftly. 
Tam and four of his crew had sat at a table near the door, their dress unmistakable to Ty: pants with hems high enough not to be drenched by waves washing decks, loose short-sleeved shirts fastened by fine leather straps or braids of rope, and a sailor’s knife tucked in the belt. With tanned wiry muscles, a white scar across his right arm, and russet brown hair nearly long enough for a pony tail, the only difference Tam had from his men was his measured stare as he brushed his fingers along his mustache to scratch absently at the short beard over his chin. 
“What business can we offer you?” Tam had spoken directly to Ty with little need for civilities.
“We’re looking for a boat to take us down the Fjords of Karii," Ty had answered.
Tam had sat up straighter, his glance taking in the table where Niri, Lavinia, Ria, and Darag, dark beneath the cowl of his robe, sat. 
“We sail on the next high tide. Where do you want to go?”
“As far as Xiazhing.”
Tam’s eyes had dulled a little at that point. It had been their decision to choose Xiazhing as it was at the base of the river Dhazoh, which provided the best route to the Temple of Winds as far as Niri and Darag could guess. It was also a small town along the Fjords, not known for anything in particular.
“I don’t have room for the horses.”
“They aren’t going.”
This had brought a muffled burst of conversation from a group of men with the brown skin and wide faces of the people of the Steppes. As they leaned in toward each other, their long, intricately woven dark braids slid over their thick woven, cream wrap-around shirts. When they shifted, the belts attached to their leather pants were visible with their assortments of small pouches and throwing knives of the same type that Ty preferred. 
Tam had scratched his beard again. “I can take you to Xiazhing. We are heading down the bay further than that. I should be able to get you there within two days. We’ll stop twice on the way, but not for long. We leave before dawn when the tide is high. Get rooms and I’ll knock when its time. I’m Tam.” 
Ty had sold the horses to the Steppe riders before he got back to his companions, guessing that the undiscussed price with Tam would be about the same he’d made on the horses. That was the way business was dealt from what he had seen.
The hardest part of the night had been when he’d pulled Ria aside. Ria blinked at him when he’d told her about him and Niri, her expression not registering any emotion. 
“I knew you’d liked her for awhile.” Ria had said finally. “I’m going to get some sleep, if you don’t mind.” She turned and went to her room without another word. As soon as he was alone with Niri, he forgot to worry about how Ria took the news. 
Now, the ship took a large wave broadside, rolling it uncomfortably across the beam. Ty’s eyes shot open and he sat up in bed. Niri started chuckling. 
“We are turning into one of the fjords. We must be near the first stop.”
Ty laughed and leaned down to kiss her. “I’m not even going to ask how you know.” He traced the line of her brow down to her cheek. “I don’t like your lavender eyes. I can never tell when you are summoning your power.” 
Niri tried to keep from smiling, aiming for a poor imitation of a Priestess’s haughtiness. “For such a small task as that, I barely need to summon anything other than time on a boat.”
Both of Ty’s eyebrows raised. Then he decided to see how ticklish she was. It took them another fifteen minutes to finally make their way on deck. 
Tam yelled orders to his crew in a clear voice. As Ty and Niri made their way to an out-of-the-way corner along the stern, sails pivoted or fell, while the rudder swept behind them like a dragon’s tail as Tam ordered the boat hard to starboard. It was an efficient operation, necessary to sail on tides that rose and fell tens of feet amid dangerous winds sweeping down the fjords. 
They were coming in near full tide when the incoming water slackened before reversing. They tied up to a wooden float dock attached with ropes to the solid pilings of the main wharf so that it could slide up and down with the rising and falling water. A well-worn ladder connected the two, barnacles and seaweed encrusting the nooks. 
Beyond the dock, a small village trailed down a notch in the high rock wall of the fjord. Cut steps connected perches where thick beamed wooden houses nestled like the nests of some great bird. Steeply sloped roofs with edges that flared gently upward over the drip edge were roofed in tiles the same color as the stones making up the fjord. The blue black roofs blended into the shadows, while the cream colored beams glowed in the afternoon light.
Darag, Lavinia, and Ria came to watch the offloading of merchandise. Ty couldn’t tell what goods Tam was selling. They were held in a handful of oak barrels and two wooden trunks. Two men from the village met Tam on the dock, exchanging money with few words. 
Within an hour as the tide began its reversal, the ropes attaching them to the wharf were untied. Tam ordered the jib unfurled. It caught the wind and the bow of the boat swung away from the dock, catching in the outgoing water to pull the boat smoothly around. They slipped out of the fjord, with all its dangers, without a fuss. Ty smiled. Tam was exactly the sort of captain Ty would have liked to have apprenticed under.
They arrived at the second stop as the sun was setting. The western wall of the fjord-draped shadows across the narrow inlet. The village was a scattering of lights along a section of the eastern wall where it fell close to the sea and rose inland with a gentle sweep. From the number of lights, Ty guessed it was a large town, bigger than Ashi’Shinai and their first stop along the fjords.
Water fell from a stream in a notch along the far back of the inlet. The sound echoed from the vertical walls until it was lost to the drum of waves breaking against rocks. This time, the tide was near low, making the smell of salt and seaweed strong between the high walls where the evening breeze was light. The large pilings of the town’s docks were almost as high as the main mast of Tam’s ship. Tam tied them to the floating section, which was only a man’s width. He unloaded his cargo, lashing it to the braces of the floating dock while doing business with the men, who had climbed down the slick ladders from the main dock above.
Before the tide turned, Tam ordered his boat untied. They slipped out from the narrow fjord to the moonlit bay. Ty sighed with contentment. For once he did not need to keep watch or take a turn steering a ship. It promised to be a pleasant night.

—

It was barely mid-morning when Tam gave the order to turn the ship into a wide fjord. At the back edge of the inlet, imposing cliffs fell to odd spires of rock sculpted by the torrent of the river Dhazoh that flowed at their base. Where the river could spread out, it was wide and tumbled over boulders, cascading down short drops to the waters of the bay. Where it was narrowed by the rock spires or had channeled through the cliffs, it was deep, swift, and dark.
The outgoing tide was not favorable for their arrival. It was mid-point between high and low, the water pushed out to sea all the faster by the river water falling into the fjord. Ty frowned, leaning forward onto his forearms where they rested on the ship's rail as he stared at the racing current. Tam was pacing.
Xiazhing was not visible from the sea, having been built above the fjord rim. Only a dock rested at water level with a narrow path leading up the cliff to the village. Below the steps, broken timbers of pilings lodged between boulders stood as a testament to the power of the river at flood or the tides during a storm. 
Between the walls of the fjord, the breeze seemed either absent or a plague. The wind had shifted since the day before and swept in from the bay along the length of the fjord, slamming into the rock walls and funneling upwards in sharp drafts. The gusts pushed them forward while the tide tried to haul them back. It was a difficult line for the ship to sail. Tam’s eyes narrowed as he walked the length of his ship again, his gaze jumping from the swiftly moving current to the full sails. 
“Are you sure you would not prefer another town?” Tam asked Ty. 
“It must be Xiazhing,” Ty replied with a tinge of empathy. He would not like to risk his boat in such a place.
Tam’s jaw tightened. He paused, eyes lifting as he weighed if more or less sails would help. A shift in the wind brought a sudden gust. It caught the mizzen sail in the aft of the ship more than the front. The rear of the ship pushed abruptly to starboard. Two things happened at once.
With the ship no longer setting straight in the outgoing tide, the bow started to swing around, bringing its broad beam to rushing water. The boat tipped slightly. The shallow hull bucked roughly in the waves. As the boat turned, the rear of the ship edged closer to the walls of the fjord. The sail of the rear mizzen mast caught the wind of the updrafts and billowed taught, propelling the ship backwards even as it slipped sideways.
Tam’s voice was tense as he ordered the sails to be dropped, and the rudder turned hard to starboard to offset the wind. The boat did not seem willing to comply. With the ship broadside to the waves and the sails at the wrong angle to counter the wind and tide, they were at the mercy of the sea.
The rear mast groaned under the strength of the gale. The rigging thrummed. The boat was tipped seaward by the waves, yet was rocked toward shore by a stronger gust. The opposing forces caused the hull to twist. The wooden timbers moaned with stress. An outgoing wave washed the deck as the wind tipped the boat’s rail into the tide.
Tam’s knuckles were white as he held onto the rail amidship. Ty could read the choices slipping away from them. If they could drop the sail, they could float out with the tide. But they only had moments, not nearly enough time to take care of all the sails flying. Ty’s hand against Niri’s hip tightened.
Then it was over. The waves smoothed, no longer slamming into the boat. The wind shrieked around them, but did not strike the sails. Niri looked over at Darag. He gave her a half smile.
“I figured you would take water,” he said to her unasked question.
Niri’s lips flickered with a smile. Everyone else on the ship remained frozen, uncertain as to what had happened. Tam stared at Niri and Darag as the realization of what they were and had done swept away the tension of the moment before. A look of nausea raced across his face before he collected himself.  He took a step toward where Niri and Darag stood.
Ty stepped in front of Niri. As irrelevant as that gesture was, in truth, he could not help himself. Niri could protect herself. Lavinia loosened her sword. Ria rose slowly to her feet from where she had sat on a bench, a warmth enveloping her. Tam blinked once and stood his ground.
“Thank you for saving my ship, Priest, Priestess.” Tam eyed Ria, but did not include her in his address.
“We are not with the Church,” Niri replied, chin lifting slightly. She and Tam eyed each other. His posture relaxed a fraction. A bit of color returned to his face while the forced smile took on a more genuine cast. He inclined his head, but did not speak.
“If you don’t mind, we’ll take the ship in," Ty said.
Tam waved control of his ship away to Ty with an open gesture of his hand. Niri glanced at Ty. He could read the faint worry in her brow. The ship sat high in the water, not like the Grey Dawn. Darag, for all his skill with wind, had never used it to sail a boat. Ty nodded to his sister, who relaxed her grip on the hilt of her sword and headed toward the mizzen mast, ordering the sails to be dropped. Ty took the tiller.
It took a few minutes to turn the ship around, Darag giving them a small amount of wind to help move the ship up the fjord. Niri redirected the tide. Tam watched quietly from where he waited at the bow. His crewmen listened to Lavinia’s orders when she asked for sails to be reefed or dropped. Ria sat and watched Tam, their gaze crossing several times.
They had the boat sidled against the dock within half an hour. Niri kept the ladder leading up to the deck an easy step from amidship. Ria climbed first followed by Darag and Lavinia. Niri waited while Ty approached Tam.
“I would still pay you. Say how much.”
Tam shook his head, his gaze following Niri. Ty narrowed his eyes.
“You brought us here at risk to your crew and boat. We owe you for that.”
Tam met Ty’s look. “Not as great a risk as I thought, I see now. You also saved the ship and crew, we are even.”
They stared each other down for a moment. A faint smile played across Tam’s lips as he idly scratched his beard. “Don’t worry, if anyone asks I’ve never seen or heard of you. I prefer not to attract attention myself.”
Ty didn’t know enough of Tam, but he respected how he ran his ship. Ty held out his hand and Tam took it.
“Safe journeys.”
“To you and your friends as well.”





Chapter 38
THE RIVER DHAZOH

“The Temple is forbidden,” Yihn said, voice firm. Zhao expected nothing different from his sister, or really anyone who lived in any of the villages along the fjords of Karii. The rules were driven into them from a young age.
When Zhao didn’t say anything, the natural slant to Yihn’s eyes rounded. She stared at him. “The Elders have said so. It is forbidden for anyone to go there.”
Zhao’s gaze never wavered. “The Temple belongs to Air Elementals not to the Elders. It is up to me to say who goes there.” Zhao didn’t realize he was the one speaking until the final word fell from his tongue. 
Yihn was quiet. “They won’t give you permission to let them go,” she responded in their musical language so that only he would understand.
“I wasn’t going to ask.”
Yihn stood up and walked to the back room where her kitchen and pantry were housed. Zhao looked at the mat made of dried and woven seaweed under him.
“Why is it forbidden?” Niri asked after a moment.
Zhao looked up into her strange lavender eyes. The sudden arrival of three Elementals continued to astonish him.
Zhao had frozen mid-step when he had seen five strangers approaching the door to his sister’s house, three of them Elementals. How the Elders had not known Priests were coming worried him. They had always known before. He had been safe. The thought of what the Church would do with him now, far older than a typical acolyte, froze his mind. 
His initial reaction to turn and walk back up the path quickly left. One of the Elementals, a woman with long brown hair and lavender eyes had stopped and was watching him. The others turned as well. Zhao swallowed his anxiety and smoothed the yellow and cream trim on the sleeves of his burgundy tunic, a design that his sister had woven for him. He stood straighter and walked down the path past the stone pagoda, its basin of water reflecting the cloudy sky.
Niri met him on the path and introduced herself first, ridding him of his first worries that the group was with the Church. His sister, Yihn, invited everyone into her home for a greeting of tea and sweet rice before asking their business, which was how things were done with the Tiak. That they wanted to go to the abandoned Temple intrigued Zhao. His world was turning upside down this day.
Yihn came back carrying a new pot of tea as if that was the reason for her quick departure. She peeked at him through her lashes, her mouth a pert line. It was up to him to answer even though it was her house.
“It simply is forbidden. The Elders give us rules passed down from generations. It has never been up to us to question.”
Zhao’s gaze stayed on his sister as he finished speaking. She sank slowly to her woven mat on knees that did not seem to want to support her. The anger was gone from her eyes as well as the fear. She looked at her brother with a sorrowful face softened by love. 
“Why is it you want to go to the Temple?” Yihn asked her guests as she folded her thigh-length violet tunic under the knees of her cream pants.
Darag answered. “We have been to the Temple of Ice and the Temple of Dust. The Temple of the Winds was the last destroyed during the war. We hope to find some answers there, some way of finding out how to hide Ria’s gifts from the Curse.”
“By the Curse you mean the Church?” Yihn asked.
The group of strangers exchanged glances. Ria took a breath, holding it for a second as if to organize her thoughts or brace her courage.
“No, not exactly. You see, I’m a Spirit Elemental.”
Ria did not wait for Zhao to say he had never heard of such an Elemental. She did her best to explain what they had learned on their journey from Mirocyne and the summer solstice ceremony. Details swirled in Zhao’s mind. He had never been further than the villages of the fjords. He had never seen the Sea of Sarketh or magical beasts. 
“Nirine is from the Archipelago, a Water Elemental and former Priestess?” Zhao waited for a nod that he had gotten this correct. “Darag is Kith and so an Earth Elemental and Ria is Sarkethian and is a Spirit Elemental. But if this thing that hunts Ria was created from the same power she wields, it is a Spirit Elemental as well?”
Darag rocked back on his heels where he knelt. His jaw tensed as his eyes found Niri’s. Ria paled. 
“The letter said it was magic so as to hunt magic,” Niri answered. “It may be. I don’t know.”
“You can see,” Ty cut in. “There is quite a bit we need to learn. The Temple holds our best chance of finding answers.”
“The villagers showed you here because they said my husband navigates the Dhazoh? You told them you needed to go upriver to the Temple?” Yihn asked, her voice warm with concern.
Lavinia leaned forward. “Yes, why?”
Yihn looked over at her brother. “They will go to the Elders and tell them. They’ll come and prevent this.”
Zhao felt a flush swell across his skin and sicken his stomach. Yihn was right. The Elders ruled the fjords. He knew what he was in their eyes. Under the dark hair and unwrinkled skin, nearly the same creamy tan as the Yisha trees, he was an Elemental. He deserved respect, even from the Elders. Despite silver eyes unlike the normal night-black, or that he followed the traditions and kept his temple locks cut chin length and tipped in white, no matter those things, what concerned them was that he was not yet twenty. He was young before he was an Elemental. 
“The tide was wrong for anyone to leave. The Elders are in Himil for the summer. By the time someone leaves and comes back, we can be gone. Gagee will be home before dark. We can head out by dawn.”
Darag, Niri and Ty exchanged looks. “We don’t wish to cause you trouble,” Niri answered.
Yihn snorted delicately, shaking her head and casting Zhao a sidelong glance. “Zhao does not mind challenging the Elders.”
Zhao’s heart panged at the story Yihn referred to. “What my sister means, is that I am an Air Elemental and the oldest Elemental of my people. By rights, I should have a seat with the Elders, but they deny it to me. It was the Temple of the Winds. It should be my decision to say who is allowed.” 
Ria’s forehead was scrunched. “You are the oldest Elemental here?”
Zhao’s mouth was dry. Yihn glanced at him before answering. “In our traditions, Elementals are not allowed to marry or have children. It was thought the trait was gone from our people. It has been many generations since the last Elemental was born here. The Elders were ...  surprised when Zhao showed abilities.”
“Are you the only Elemental?” Lavinia asked.
“No, there have been three more since I was born, two boys and a girl.”
“How did you learn?” Niri had a line between her brows. “I know it was not with the Church.”
“No, the Elders have always hidden the gifted children from the Church. There were books and some scrolls on calling air. I try to teach the younger ones what I have managed to learn.”
“They are all Air Elementals?” Ty waited for Zhao’s nod. “The Temple of Winds was here. It might not be a coincidence.”
“I don’t understand.”
Darag answered in a measured voice. “It could be like the Kith. We are all Earth Elementals. The Temple might have been built here not because of the mountains, but because of a grouping of Air Elementals.”
Zhao leaned back, staring up to the wooden timbers of the ceiling. “It could be. None of the writings I have say such a thing.” He said the words, but in his heart he knew it was true. The Temple of Winds was his by right and legacy.
“Do they say anything about the war?” Niri asked.
“No. There is very little about the Temple either. I always thought the Elders had removed passages before they gave the pages to me.”
“Zhao!” Yihn’s face was pale as she stared at her brother. “It is one thing to stand against the Elders and give permission to go to the Temple, and another to accuse them.”
“Accuse them of what? Keeping me in a shrine where I know nothing and am forbidden to learn? Where I cannot do any of the things it is in my heart to do?” Yihn looked away from Zhao’s angry stare. “I wasn’t going to give them permission to go, Yihn. I am going to take them.”
Talk stopped soon after. Yihn was more afraid than angry, Zhao knew that. But the Elders would not dare harm her or Gagee. They would know it was his fault, as it had often been. If there was time, Zhao felt he could make the Elders see reason. But like the argument to allow his sister to marry when they had feared she would pass on her brother’s gifts, it would take months. From the story Ria had told, they did not have the time to wait. After years of following the role laid out for him by others before his birth, Zhao’s step was light as he walked the path to the Dhazoh to prepare two boats for the journey upriver.
Gagee was back before nightfall, a question in his eyes to see two of his boats upright and half-packed. The cuffs of his emerald shirt were still rolled to protect them from dampness as he worked in the river and his long, dark hair pulled into a pony tail, its length nearly touching his shoulder blades. He held a catch of fish, which he handed to a quiet Yihn. Then, Gagee turned to his brother-by-marriage.
Gagee said nothing as Zhao told him of the five strangers and their journey. His face did not alter when Zhao said he had given them permission to go the Temple. Gagee only looked up to meet Zhao’s eyes when Zhao told Gagee he was going along. When everything was said, Gagee did not argue. He merely agreed they needed to leave before dawn. Yihn sighed and continued packing with the help of Niri, Lavinia, and Ria. 
Zhao was not surprised. Gagee had stood for his sister when no one else would. He had been a friend to Zhao, someone who listened and helped plan arguments to the Elders, before he had become a brother. 
The mist clung to the river in the morning as Gagee said a quiet goodbye to his wife. He cupped Yihn’s cheek gently, brushing away the few loose strands of escaped hair from her tight bun. Zhao waited until Gagee had given his assurances and turned to finish loading the boats before he approached Yihn.
“You will see me again, sister.”
Yihn nodded, but did not look at him. Her downcast face was doubtful and her dark eyes were full of tears. She turned away, eyes only for her husband. Zhao left her to the morning shadows.
Unacknowledged doubts left Zhao as he watched the first two adult Elementals he had ever met use their power. With a touch, Darag lightened the wood of the boats so that they slid effortlessly into the water. Niri created an eddy, keeping the boats close to shore and pointed upstream. They were not Air Elementals, but for the first time Zhao did not feel alone.
Darag and Lavinia took the second boat with Zhao while Ria, Ty and Niri rode with Gagee. Even with the four Elementals, the way upriver was hard. In the long flat stretches, the two boats were easy enough to propel upstream under Niri’s skill alone. Zhao had little difficulty believing she had called the sea into the heart of the desert. But when they reached the many rocky sections of fast tumbling water, the work became more difficult.
Gagee knew where the old iron rungs were driven into the rocks at the head of the rapids. A rope could be tied to a ring in the stout prow of the heavy, twenty foot boat and taken upriver to be fed through the rung. Then the boat, with Darag’s and Niri’s help, could be pulled through the torrent. Only one person could ride in the boat, keeping it steady and upright, as it was hauled upriver. The rest walked over the slick boulders, Darag occasionally creating steps to surmount impassible sections and saving them miles of hiking.
By dusk, everyone was tired. Camp was set up on a wide sandbar upstream from a set of rapids. In the evening air, click beetles snapped their songs in the darkening, damp woods. Darag formed a fire ring by calling rocks out of the sand while Zhao watched, his arms full of forgotten sticks. 
“Too bad we are missing a Fire Elemental,” Zhao joked as he dropped kindling into the newly formed circle.
Ria, Darag, and Niri exchanged fleeting glances. Zhao stiffened. He knew when information was being kept from him. He had seen it often enough growing up. Eyes narrowing, he drew in a slow breath. 
Before he could speak Ria sighed, “Oh well.” 
Ria flicked a fireball into the mass of bark and sticks, holding it in existence until the tinder caught on its own. Ria giggled at the look on Zhao’s face.
“But you are a Spirit Elemental. You said you could manipulate living things, not create fire.”
Niri leaned forward from where she sat next to Ty. “Have you ever heard of the Ashanti?”
Zhao had heard of the mysterious desert tribe, which helped him believe the story that unfolded. When it was done, he was shaking his head.
“It isn’t possible.”
“It is,” Darag said. Without any warning, he created a tiny fireball and tossed it at Niri. Niri didn’t even flinch. A sudden, damp wind struck the ball so that it winked out. Zhao didn’t know what to think. Ria intruded into his gasping silence.
“That is what I need to learn! You both can react so quickly. I’m never sure what to do.”
“We’ve had years of lessons and practice. Darag has even trained to fight.”
“Yes, well, then I need practice.” Ria crossed her arms and tilted her chin.
Niri eyed Darag, who smiled with a hint of challenge in his gaze. “There is some light left. It would be only fair to show Zhao how to summon the other two elements.”
“Two?” Zhao asked.
“Water and fire, you don’t want to try to summon earth. Trust me,” Niri shivered. 
“And spirit is off limits until we deal with the Curse,” Ria said, rising to her feet. “Where shall we go?”
“Over by the river and away from camp. No accidents that way,” Niri replied.
Darag cast a sidelong glance toward Ty and Lavinia as he stood. “So you have the advantage?”
Niri’s eyes flickered. “We will be standing on rocks, if that will make you happy.”
Ria bounced in Darag and Niri’s wake the short distance to the river, Zhao following with a little less certainty. Next to the older two Elementals, he felt unskilled. Learning to call new elements seemed far more then he needed when he barely knew what he could do with air.
But as Darag showed him how to summon fire and water, he found the thrill of touching new forces far outweighed his worry. It was even fun. Zhao found himself grinning with much the same anticipation as Ria. 
Darag and Niri squared off first, Ty, Lavinia, and Gagee watching from the sandbar. Without any formalities, Niri sent a wave skimming at Darag. He parted it before it touched him and made the stone under Niri’s feet rock. She fell backwards, but softened her fall by thickening the air and making the sand absorb her impact. Despite how quickly it was over, Zhao was impressed. Which had become a new state-of-being since he'd met the five friends.
Niri laughed as she stood, wiping sand from her skirt. “Well, you knocked me over first. So I guess it is Ria and Zhao’s turn.”
 Nervousness flooded Zhao so that his hand shook when he took a position facing Ria. She was pale as well, smoothing her tunic over her hips. Then, Zhao grinned. This was the first time he actually had a chance to practice under the eyes of trained Elementals. 
Zhao pulled a mist around Ria, blinding her. She used the wind and blew it back into him. He rose the level of water in the sand under her feet, so that she began to sink. Ria yipped in surprise and jumped sideways. 
“I don’t know. It just isn’t natural for me to fight.” Ria said, laughing at her reaction.
The sparring went on another twenty minutes as the shadows crossed the stream, spreading to engulf the camp. For the last match, Ria managed a cunning feint against Darag, tossing a fireball at him while swamping him with a wave from behind. She grinned and danced in the sand. As they walked back to the campfire, Zhao played with fire, sparking it over the river's silt.
“Is it really so bad to call your opposite element?” Zhao asked Darag and Niri.
“Yes,” Darag said. “It is very unpleasant.”
“I agree. But it isn’t impossible. If you need to do it, you can. Just be ready for it,” Niri cautioned.
Zhao nodded. “This is more than enough.”
“This is something the Church can never learn,” Niri said soberly. Zhao swallowed, the smile pulling out of his lips as he sat.
Joining his wife, Darag shook wet hair at Lavinia. She blocked herself with her hands the best she could, giggling.
“I heard you laugh when Ria soaked me.”
Lavinia rolled to her feet, tossing a handful of sand at Darag before running down the beach. He chased after her, catching her in his arms when she had to stop or jump in the river. Lavinia’s laughter rang back, bubbling over the stream.
Gagee gave Zhao a sad smile. “Our ways are not the only options in this world. It is good for you that they came.”
Disconcertion swept over Zhao, brought on by the sudden changes and new thoughts. He watched Darag and Lavinia walk back hand in hand. 
“Yes, this is good. Hopefully Yihn will understand.” 
Gagee put a hand on Zhao’s shoulder as he stood up. “I’ll make sure she understands.” Gagee walked to the forest to hunt for more wood.
Niri eyed Zhao a moment. “You do not intend to go back at all, do you? Even after the Temple.”
Zhao flicked a glance up at her face, then looked back down to the fire. “No, I left the books the Elders gave me for the others. Gagee is to see they are given to them. I know your way does not lead back to Xiazhing and I would go with you. There is nothing for me back there.”
“There was once,” Darag said from where he sat, Lavinia held in his arms.
Zhao nodded, swallowing with difficulty. “Yes,” he said poking the fire with a stick. “There was a girl I loved for a long time. But the Elders would not change the law. I convinced them to allow Yihn to marry, but they forbade me.”
“What became of her?” Lavinia asked.
Zhao sighed, the ache duller than it had been. “When I realized we could never be together, I told her to marry someone else.”
“She did?” Ria asked, eyebrows raised in disbelief. 
“Not at first, but a year later she did. After I stopped seeing or talking to her. She married a boy from another village down the coast. I don’t go there anymore.”
“I didn’t mean ...” Ria said, voice contrite.
“It is okay. It is not a choice everyone would understand.”
“We are glad to have you,” Darag told Zhao after a quiet moment filled with the sound of the river and the fire.

—

Morning brought rain and slate gray skies. It wasn’t an effort for any of the Elementals to keep the rain from soaking the gear, but Zhao and Gagee eyed the river cautiously.
“If it rains hard enough, it will rise quickly.”
“We’ll watch it,” Niri replied. 
The rain eased up, but the day remained choked in mist. The rapids became steeper. The short sections of flat water ran between high cliffs. Gagee kept them going until he found a pool where a large stream hurtled down a cliff to join the waters of the Dhazoh. Opposite the waterfall, a sandy bank stretched before a low escarpment of bedrock with the forest above. It was where they made camp for the second night.
“It is the other branch of the Dhazoh,” Gagee said, nodding toward the waterfall. “I can take you another day.”
It was a quieter night than the first, the darkness thick with dampness.

—

The third day was a series of portages one after the other until Ria wondered aloud why they bothered with the boats. But finally before noon, the narrow river leveled out. They floated on flat water for hours before the stream churned to froth again over boulders.
They were in the mountains now. Their heights towered in the distance, snowcapped monsters visible far to the north. The air felt cooler and thinner, carrying the smell of pines and damp ground. They managed a few more portages before the light faded. The Dhazoh was smaller this far into the mountains, more a large stream than a river. The boats, even with the aid of Niri and Darag, scraped the bottom of the channel. 
They beached on a fine pebble bank as the sun set. Ahead the stream fell in thin sheets from a series of rock ledges. They had gone as far as they could by the boats. The mountains rose around them. Somewhere on the tallest to their west was the Temple of Winds.





Chapter 39
THE TEMPLE OF THE WINDS

“Please tell me this is an illusion,” Ria whispered to Zhao as she sank to her knees. 
Zhao looked down at her, his jaw slack and silver eyes wide. Ria did not need him to say anything to know that what she saw was the same for him. The wide rocky flatness of the mountaintop held only a stone wall with the remains of one lofty, arched window. All else was empty. 
Anger and frustration flooded through Ria, filling her eyes with hot tears. “This can’t be everything!” she shouted to the cool evening air. “Everything!” echoed off the lower peaks beneath them, filling the voids with sound. “No!” 
Ria leapt to her feet and raced by Zhao as he grabbed for her. She was in the center of what should have been the Temple before she thought to care if the ground around her was real. Rising sobs cut off her breath. Ria fell to her knees, body and spirit spent.
The hike inland had taken four days, all of it climbing upwards. Forested slopes led up foothills until they ascended from a ravine to meet the wind-blasted heights of a ridge. Under their feet, the soft litter of needles had become rock. The humid, pine scented air changed to cold, thin breezes. It took two days of wandering to find the first steps carved into the mountain and two more to climb up them.
It could have taken only one. But early on the first day of the old path to the Temple, Zhao had grabbed Ria roughly. She had led the way, impatient to see this last Temple where her hope to find answers to free herself lay. 
“What are you doing? The path is this way.”
Ria wrenched out of Zhao’s grip. “Very funny, Zhao. That is just a rock wall.”
He darted forward and grabbed her again as she took another step. Ria struggled against his grasp. 
“Stop it. Are you crazy? There is a cliff there! Can’t you see it? Nothing but ... air.” Zhao let out his breath with the word, falling motionless at the same moment as Ria. Both looked at the other, faces pale.
“What do you see, Zhao?” Niri asked, one hand against the mountain as she caught her breath from the climb. 
“There is a cliff to the right, where Ria was about to step. The path goes to the left through a narrow gap in the rocks.”
Ty ran a hand through sweaty damp hair. “I see the path hugging the mountain to the right. It is just a rock wall to the left.”
“Illusion, a trick of air ... did you know of such things, Zhao?” Darag asked, quietly. 
Zhao shook his head, Ria holding on to him rather than struggling. “Which way do you think is right?” he asked. 
“It is the Temple of the Winds made by Air Elementals. I’ve never heard of them using illusions when I was at Solaire, but ... there seems to be as much the Church knows as it doesn’t. What you see is real, Zhao. We will follow you.”
“But you can control air,” Zhao argued.
“It doesn’t make up for having it as a birthright.” 
Zhao waited another moment before pulling away from Ria. He kept her hand as he walked to the left, disappearing from view when he met the rock wall. Ria followed, closing her eyes as she stepped through. But when she opened them, the trail was in front of her again and behind her she could see the sober and tired faces of Lavinia, Darag, Ty, and Niri. 
Relief filled her, but once they were beyond the illusion, doubts rose. She no longer believed what she saw. Zhao led the way. But she worried that if he walked too far ahead, he would step across another illusion and be lost from view. It left her nervous and added to the strain of hiking and climbing in the cold air. As the fourth day since leaving the Dhazoh dawned, conversation died and the only sound was footfalls and the wind.
Until they had rounded a corner and the mountaintop came into view. 
Niri came and put a warm hand against Ria’s back, Lavinia wrapping her arms around her as well. Sobs shook Ria, wrenching her so that she trembled. Dimly, she couldn’t understand why she was crying. As the tears dwindled, Ria felt hollow as if she might blow away in the winds sweeping off the mountain and be lost forever. 
Ria dried her eyes with the heel of her hand. As her vision cleared, Ria saw Zhao slumped with his head in his hands, elbows resting on his knees where he leaned against the lee side of the solitary, remaining wall. Ty sat next to him, gathering bits of moss, twigs, anything he could find that would burn. The sun set an hour later this high but it was close to dusk now. As she breathed out, Ria could see her breath. 
Darag walked alone across the mountain top, scanning the ground. Lavinia stood and joined Darag, a frown on her face. He glanced up at the last second to catch the slap that Lavinia sent at his chest. There were tears in Lavinia’s eyes as he caught her and pulled her against him.
“You don’t know what is an illusion. You shouldn’t walk around like that.” Lavinia said, voice high and strained.
“I can feel the ground, Heart of Mine. I know when it is real.”
Darag held Lavinia, who looked as if it was only his arms that kept her upright. 
“You should have said,” Lavinia said, pressing her cheek against Darag's chest. Ria felt a few last tears slide down her cheeks.
“What are we going to do?” Ria asked. 
“We are going to eat and we are going to sleep. Tomorrow we will decide what to do," Niri said. She helped Ria to her feet, keeping an arm around her as they walked back toward the tiny fire and the shelter of the wall.
The fire and some soup helped. Niri could find or conjure water anywhere, or so it seemed to Ria. Ria was contemplating her bedroll, wondering how close she could get to the fire and how long the scant flames would last when Darag broke the silence.
“I don’t think this was done in a battle.” 
Darag leaned against the wall, Lavinia against his chest with a blanket around both of them. If it was anyone else, Ria would have worried about the wall collapsing, but she guessed Darag would have fused it solid and anchored it to the mountain itself before he allowed Lavinia to sit in its shadow.
“It isn’t like what I saw at the Temple of Ice. The stones don’t show fire or water damage on them. There is no sign of an earthquake. It is like the Temple was blown apart and the pieces scattered.”
“They knew they were going to lose. The Air Elementals destroyed the Temple rather than let it fall.” Zhao’s face was downcast as he looked into the flames. “I don’t know why the Elders forbid us to come to this place. There is nothing here.”
“We don’t know what came to pass,” Niri said. “There are Air Elementals in the Church now, and there is you and three others who are free. Who knows what else there may be?”
Zhao met Niri’s gaze. He sat up a little straighter when he looked away. Ria sighed and pulled open her blankets. She lay and listened to the wind howling along the ridge top and scraping the stones over the wall. Sparks from the fire drifted into the air slowly to be whisked upwards by the higher drafts, their light joining the stars. Ria thought about reaching out to touch the bits of fire, changing them in the way she had learned. She wished it would feel natural. The stars wavered in her vision. Ria fell asleep with cold tears on her cheeks.

—

When Ria opened her eyes, Niri, Ty, and Darag were already awake. The fire burned hot even though there was little fuel. Warmth radiated from the stones of the wall. Ria guessed that was due to Darag.
But there was something else that picked at her senses. The look on her friends’ faces was somber, even a little strained. Niri frowned, a line between her brows. Ty sat near her, but leaned back on his arms, his body tense. Darag’s expression was hard to read. He sat with Lavinia’s head in his lap, his hands brushing her hair as she slept. But the air around him was thick with the potential of a brewing storm. It was as if they had already made a decision. One that was not popular. Ria sat up.
Nothing was said until Zhao and Lavinia woke a few minutes later. Zhao looked forlornly around the scant remains of the Temple, his Temple. He didn’t seem to feel the weight of the silence, but Lavinia did. As soon as she sat up, her eyes darted from Darag to Niri then to her brother. Darag put his arm around her.
“I think there is only one thing we can do,” Niri said as they sat around the fire, which blazed on moss and twigs. “We will call the Curse and fight it here.”
Ria started to tremble. Lavinia stiffened, pulling away from Darag.
“No!” Lavinia exclaimed. She turned to face Darag, putting a hand on his chest. “You don’t know what it can do. You haven’t seen it.”
“Dear Heart, I saw the boat. I know.” 
Lavinia rested her forehead against Darag’s shoulder, hair sliding forward to hide her face. Ria looked away to find Niri’s eyes on her.
“I ... I don’t know. I’m not sure I could fight it. My power won’t let me kill anything. I don’t know what I could do.”
Niri’s gaze didn’t waiver. “It is used to hunting down Spirit Elementals when they first use their abilities as children. Not an Elemental who can fight back, must less one that can use the other four elements.You are not alone. I was able to bind it for days the last time I fought it. Together, we can find a way to defeat the Curse and free you.”
Ria felt like she was going to throw up. She looked away from Niri, breath coming fast and shallow so that the world spun and she couldn’t think. 
Darag’s voice cut through her frantic thoughts, “You will have me, as well.”
Lavinia gave a muffled noise, pushing herself upright. There were tears in her eyes which flashed with anger. “If you are going to stand and fight, I will as well,” she said to Darag. “I will help you, Ria.”
Darag gathered his wife back in his arms. “I never expected anything less.”
“You have me,” Zhao said. “It is my fight now, too.”
There was no one but her who looked afraid. Not one other person voiced an opposition to a plan that would surely lead to their deaths. Ria looked at her friends for some sign they were joking. Her gaze landed on Ty.
“Ty?” Ria croaked.
His downcast gaze flicked upwards, tracing across Ria to land on Niri. 
“Not here.”
Niri blinked in surprise, her steady resolve melting. A fond smile flitted across Ty's face. He brushed a lock of Niri's hair away from her cheek.
“There is no water here. What will you do, make it rain?” Ty teased her halfheartedly. “Ria uses the essence of life. What will she draw on, rocks? We will go down to a place near the stream, someplace where we will have the advantage.”
Ria’s last hope faded, tasting ashes in her mouth and cold mud in the pit of her stomach. Ria knew she was going to die.





Chapter 40
FIGHTING THE CURSE

High above, a dark speck circled in the light of the midday sun.
“It’s coming,” Zhao warned them, sensing the arrival first by the Curse's wingbeats.
Ria looked up, trembling in fear, in anticipation, in hope.
The climb down from the Temple of Winds had gone quickly. The illusions only worked in one direction, so had not hampered their descent. But it had taken two long days to reach the river and another to choose a spot. In the end, Darag, Ty, and Niri decided on a wide pool below a small waterfall. The forest pulled back enough to give them room to move, but was close enough to provide shelter. 
Every time Ria had looked as they set up camp, Niri was watching her. It got so that Ria’s skin tingled. It had felt like Niri was waiting for Ria to go ahead and summon the Curse. Her hands shook. 
“Let’s wait two days so that we have a chance to recover,” Niri had said that night to Ria’s surprise. Relief flooded through her, replacing the dread. 
For the next two days, Niri and Darag had drilled Ria and Zhao on using their skills and calling the other elements. Darag had showed Zhao how to call Earth, so that he would know what it was like. Zhao only managed to make a stone roll a few inches before he fell over, feeling ill for several hours. Ria empathized. She remembered what it had felt like to touch death.
They had also fought each other. Ria tried harder than ever fighting against Zhao. In their final standoff, she threw a fireball at him that blazed like a star. It was bright enough to blind. Instead of defending himself, Zhao caught it and tugged the power to form it out of Ria’s control. Ria gasped as Zhao made the flames swirl with heat as they reached back for her. She doused it with mist from the river, then looked for Zhao to launch another attack. He wasn't there.
Ria had searched the stream bank, jumping with one foot sliding into the river when Zhao tapped her arm. He appeared beside her, wearing a grin.
“I figured out how the illusions work!”
Ria had rocked the boulder under his feet, sending Zhao tumbling into the stream. It hadn't diminished his delight in the least. 
Then on the morning of the third day, Ria had walked alone to the center of the clearing surrounding the stream. Her heart fluttered in her chest as she stood watching the water a moment and tasting the air with its pine scent. Carefree clouds danced across the blue sky. With barely restrained tears, she reached out her spirit and touched a group of flame-colored flowers that edged the shallow pool. The plants bowed as if caught in a breeze. Then the flowers burst from the dangling stems, rising on updrafts. Ria had changed them into crimson butterflies. After that, her knees gave out.

Now the black dot overhead hovered so that it was lost to the sky. Out of the sun blindness, it dropped like a stone, coming so fast Ria could not see what form it took. The Curse plunged to the ground, striking where Ria stood. Or where it thought Ria stood.
The illusion Zhao had created disappeared the instant the Curse’s open claws found air and then water. The Curse landed haphazardly in the deep pool Niri had held back all morning. Trumpeting in confusion, it changed from a giant eagle to a dragon as it reared out of the stream.
Niri was quick to thicken the water, pulling at the Curse’s struggling bulk. It shot fire at the watery bonds. Then, sensing more than seeing, it spat fire at Niri where she waited under the trees. Ria dashed them away from Niri and Ty, sparing Niri the pain of touching fire.
The Curse’s wings beat the air to help it gain ground against the sticky water. Zhao thinned the air. The Curse’s form slumped back to earth, its wings finding no purchase to rise against. Angry now, it thrashed out a tail striking anything in reach. Rocks exploded. The debris fell back on the Curse as if the ground itself fought it as well. Darag would not waste such an easy opportunity to inflict damage.
Seeing Zhao, it lashed out its tail again and hit air. The illusion vaporized only to appear elsewhere. The fire borne of the Curse’s anger engulfed the clearing by the stream. Darag pulled Lavinia behind him, the flames parting and flowing around them harmlessly.
Twisting, the Curse struggled upright. Its head pivoted on its long neck as it took in the clearing and the Elementals fighting. Ria’s heart hammered. Power pulsed in her hands, but she didn’t know what to do with it. The serpent head angled toward her. The slit, gold eyes narrowed as it looked through the trees. It blasted Ria with fire, as if wanting to burn her from the planet and incinerate this girl that had escaped it time and time again. The rocks she stood on melted. When it had to take breath again, the Curse paused and stared at where Ria stood unharmed.
It moved again, as fast as a striking snake. This time, it reached out to attack with something it controlled: its teeth. Ria reacted without thinking. She launched herself upward, becoming a sparrow. The whoosh of the bite snapping below her sent her higher faster as she changed herself into something with more strength in its wings. She became a hawk. 
The changes came naturally, but the feeling of becoming a new form was unnerving. Ria beat her wings into the sky, hurtling herself out of range of the Curse’s fire and teeth. Her heart beat so fast in the bird body that she felt she would explode.
Struggling with her new wings, Ria called updrafts to help her climb. Her vision was no longer in front of her. She panicked again as she tried to focus and could not find the Curse below. Her flight dived erratically as she tried to turn her head and lost altitude. With desperation, Ria launched herself upward once more.
The Curse’s struggle redoubled as it tried to break free from the water bonds to chase after Ria’s quickly diminishing form. A foot landed on rock and then sank through. Surprised, the Curse arched its neck to see its claws trapped. It roared and slammed its body down, snapping its head toward Darag at the last second. Darag spun backwards barely out of reach of its teeth. Lavinia’s sword slashed across its nose as it flashed past. The Curse reared back in pain as blood trickled down its scales.
It sucked in air to ignite the place where Lavinia stood only to breathe in a mixture of dense air, dust, and water. The fire died before it was formed. The Curse hesitated, surveying the clearing again. Its eyes paused where each Elemental stood.
 A low rumble formed in its chest as it stopped struggling. It lowered its front legs to the ground, its chest so low it scraped the surface of the water as its long neck tensed, lips pulled back in a snarl. Darag pulled Lavinia behind him as the ground under their feet started trembling.
“This isn’t me,” he warned her. He held out a hand as he tried to still the shaking earth.
The motion rose into the trees around them. They splintered in explosions from their bases. Darag pulled Lavinia into his arms, protecting both of them as the forest disintegrated. Niri protected herself and Ty. Zhao did the best he could to deflect the onslaught with wind while diving behind a boulder.
The Curse lashed out again. It was quickly redeveloping battle skills unused since the war. Swiveling despite a trapped leg, it turned to quickly strike Zhao. It hit an illusion again, this time finding rock hidden beneath it. The boulder shattered, cutting a deep gouge above the Curse’s left eye. It screamed, pulling power around itself. The air around it shimmered as it hunted the ground for Zhao.
Niri gathered her power, the pull of it noticeable even where Ria circled above the fight. Niri had promised Ria to try to stop its heart. From where Ria rode the updrafts, she knew this was what Niri was going to do. Ria held her breath. Niri had cautioned that she didn’t know if it would work.
“Who knows the amount of water in a dragon’s blood?”
But Ria knew it would. Niri’s eyes closed, her hand reached out. The Curse screamed. Its head reared up, eyes flashing with hate. The Curse dove toward Niri as fast as it could in one motion, opening its massive jaws.
Ty pulled Niri backward, breaking her concentration. Her eyes snapped open as the Curse pulled in a breath. She flinched from the flames that were about to come. The Curse choked on the intake, no longer finding air. It lunged its head back to escape the combined effort of Zhao and Darag, lashing its tail out abruptly. Without turning to aim, it struck Zhao, finally finding him at last.
Zhao was knocked fifty feet back. Darag softened Zhao’s impact as he hit the ground, the dirt giving away beneath Zhao’s unmoving form. The distraction was enough. The Curse could breathe again. It turned and opened its jaws, drawing in a massive lungful of air. Its head tilted toward Lavinia and Darag.
Then Ria slammed into it. She changed at the last moment into a form to match. Dragon to dragon, she raked the Curse, talons extended and mouth aiming for its neck. Dragon blood seared in her veins, powerful muscles responded to her mind. There was no room for fear in a dragon.
The Curse swiveled around to fight her, their claws scratching against the scales of the other. The breath of flame meant for Lavinia was blown into her face and wafted harmlessly past. It tried again, and Ria redirected the flames back into its face. She could control the other elements, Ria thought with triumph. It could not. 
It stumbled, trying to break free its foot encased in rock. The Curse’s wings beat at the air again. Zhao lay unmoving. Niri thinned the air instead. Its wings lashed into the sky without effect. Rearing, its other foot sank into stone as Darag pinned it down.
So near the Curse and using the same Elemental skill it controlled, Ria sensed its mind as Niri once had been forced to. It wanted nothing more than escape, to reach the blue sky. At the same instant, Ria could feel a compulsion placed on it to fight, to shred her into oblivion. It fought to ignore it, but could not. It turned a golden eye to her, opening its jaws wide to snap her neck and destroy the thing most like itself: another Spirit Elemental.
Ria dodged the bite. The Curse’s teeth raked the scales of her neck. She flinched but did not back away. It was very hard to hurt a dragon. Power surged through Ria. With it, she could feel the magic bindings that held the Curse tighter than Niri’s watery hold had in the Sea of Sarketh.
“Stop,” Ria yelled with a mental will to the Curse. Ria flashed her thoughts to the binding spell. “Help me. I’ll free you.”
The Curse did not hesitate. Seeing a chance, it summoned all the power it commanded and joined the force with Ria’s will. The air through the clearing hummed and snapped with the combined magic. Untrained, the power writhed in Ria’s grasp, threatening to break free from her hold. Panic surged through her. Ria pulled at the ancient spell surrounding the Curse with the finesse of a bull. The old binding splintered in an implosion of light.
The breaking of the magic knocked her away from the Curse. She fell, cushioned by Niri and Darag’s skills. Ria landed as a young woman once again. Niri hurried to her side, helping Ria as she rose shakily to her feet. Ria looked around the clearing. Ty knelt by Zhao, who had come around. He sat up, clutching one arm to his side. Darag and Lavinia walked slowly to the stream. The dragon that had been the Curse was gone.
In the water, a man lay. His skin was red-brown and his long hair was so dark it blended into the shadows of the stream. A cut slashed across the bridge of his nose and a gash bled above his left eye. He opened his eyes once, the gold in them fading as the spell holding him to do the bidding of the Church died. The color left behind was dark, the same black-violet of the night sky above the desert. He looked from Ria to the sword Lavinia held to his neck. He closed his eyes and lay still. 
“Don’t, Vin,” Ria said. “He has suffered enough.” 
Lavinia was covered in fine scratches from when the Curse had exploded the trees. Darag had managed to block most of the debris, but not everything at all times. Darag looked mildly injured compared to Zhao, whose face was pale and eyes tight. But everyone was alive, including the stranger at Lavinia's feet.
The anger in Lavinia’s expression faded. Her hand shook slightly as Darag placed his over hers, as he had done when he had taught Lavinia to fight. He enfolded her against him with his other arm. Lavinia closed her eyes and moved the sword from the man’s neck.
“He doesn’t look much older than Ty,” Lavinia whispered.
Niri parted the water so that it flowed around the man’s unconscious form. “We’d better move him.”
Darag and Ty helped drag the man out of the water. Ty looked around at the remains of the forest near them.
“At least there is plenty of firewood. I think we might be here for a few days.”
Ria laughed.





Chapter 41
AFTERWARD

The deepening night beyond the light of the campfire hid signs of the battle. But the day's events were visible in other ways. The fear was gone from Ria’s face. She watched the man, who had been the Curse, in fascination. Niri understood. He was the first Spirit Elemental other than Ria any of them had seen. He was perhaps the only Spirit Elemental who knew the limits of the power, and who could sort out what for the Kith were two gifts: Earth and Life.
Zhao dozed, his broken arm wrapped loosely at his side. Darag had skill at mending bones, but preferred to work in stages, while letting the body heal as well. Zhao handled the pain well, admitting, with a look toward the unconscious man, that they were in no hurry. Everyone was bruised, scratched, and cut from the fight. But for once, they were not running.
Yet an unease was already growing in Niri. The Church would eventually know the Curse was no longer out searching. They would realize that it was gone from their control. Sinika and Ci’erra would eventually make their way to Solaire. There were still things to be wary of.
Interrupting her silent musings, the stranger stirred at last. His long lashes flickered open. Wide-eyed, he glanced around. Moving slowly as if he expected either broken bones or to be beat, he pushed himself upright. Niri remembered the memories he had shared with her of the times of not knowing what he was. She doubted he had been human for a very long time. Silently, his dark eyes flickered around the faces lit by the fire.
“You didn’t kill me,” he said in the common language of trade, although his accent was strange to Niri’s ears.
Ria shook her head. “The magic that was binding you is broken. Why should we?”
He didn’t answer that.
“Who are you?” Ty asked, his voice tinged with harshness. 
A look of pain passed over the man’s face. It deepened to panic.
“I don’t know.” His voice was soft and low, throbbing with fear. “I remember snatches. The war and the Priests coming. They tried so many spells ... so many died before they came to me. Goodness, what they made me do.”
The agony of the memories made him double over. He rested his forehead against his knees, hands shaking as he dug them into the sand.
Ria bit her lip. “Where are you from? Do you at least remember that?”
He was silent a moment before answering, “Que Ka.”
Niri looked at Ty and Darag. Ty moved his head just a fraction to the right. Darag frowned. Like her, neither had heard of such a place. The man saw their confusion.
“Near the Moors of Erowok.”
Niri’s heart gave a leap. “There are no towns there. Just the Temple of Solaire.”
He looked at her, disbelieving. “There is no Temple ... where did they build a Temple?” His voice was hoarse. His hands shook. “The war is over? How long ago did it end?”
“Almost nine hundred years,” Darag answered.
The man’s eyes widened with true fear. He looked away from those watching him, letting out a shaking breath.
“And the Order of Fire won?”
“Yes,” Niri answered. She thought she could see moisture reflecting the fire in his eyes. “It is called the Church of Four Orders now. But the Order of Fire controls the running of it.”
“There are no towns on the moors?”
“No, not that I know of. Just the Temple of Solaire on the southern shore by the Lake of Tears. It is the home of the Church. I thought it had been there since before the war.”
“There is no lake on the southern shore.”
“It is a saltwater lake. The Temple is between it and the sea,” Niri’s voice trailed off. She forgot to breathe as everything she thought she’d known dropped into disarray. In her mind she saw the Temple of Dust. “Your people ... magic was common to them? The Order of Fire hunted them?”
He nodded slowly.
Tears spilled onto Niri's cheeks as she reached for Ty’s hand. “Your village is under the Lake of Tears. It was drowned in seawater and the Temple built to watch over its ruins.”
His reddish skin paled, dark eyes holding bottomless depths of pain. Muscles rigid, he doubled over as if fighting to contain a tempest of loss within. Just as suddenly, the fighting in him ceased. Quietly, he unclenched his fist, straightening to meet Niri’s gaze again. His eyes blazed.
“I will not believe they are gone until I see it for myself. I must go home.”
The crack of the fire between them broke the tense silence. A look passed between Lavinia and Darag. Darag nodded in answer to whatever question Lavinia had asked without words.
“Darag and I, we should go back to Lus na Sithchaine. We need to go back.”
Darag took Lavinia’s hand. “It is difficult for us to be away. There is a danger in it.”
"Then we go to Drufforth," Ty said.
The stranger sat forward. Argument drew his dark brows together. Ty held out a hand, stalling his words.
“You don’t even remember your name and are not certain of your home. Niri knows what awaits you on the moors. We will have a safe refuge with the Kith to decide how to go on so that you can find your people.”
“Heading back to Lus na Sithchaine would be a wise place to start," Niri agreed.
The man who had been the Curse crossed his arms over his chest, sitting back from the fire so that he was lost to shadow. The flames glinting in his eyes were the only sign Niri had that he watched them. 
“You saved my life, I know that. I don’t know who I am or this world anymore, it seems. If you will agree to help me find my home, I will come with you.”
Ria let out a breath. Her bright eyes fixated on the man who had been the Curse. She leaned forward, as if she was drawn to him. Ria's reaction left Niri uneasy.
“We shouldn’t go back through Xiazhing,” Zhao said, casting a twig into the fire with an irritated flick of his wrist. He shifted his shoulders, seeking a comfortable position to support his injured arm.
“The Tiak Elders know we came this way. They will wait there for us to return. I don’t want to fight them,” Zhao continued after a pause. His silver eyes filled with entreaty. Niri saw him once more as merely a young man caught between the freedom he desired and the way of life he was born to.
“There must be another way, other than back down the Dhazoh? Is there a path through the mountains, Zhao?” Ty asked, voice tight. 
With a start, Niri realized she could see his breath. Even this far below the summit, the air was turning colder. Fall came early to the mountains, Niri thought. So would winter. If they went north, they would be in a different sort of running than when the Curse had stalked them. Niri shivered. Next to her, Ty wrapped the blanket draped over their shoulders tighter. She leaned into his warmth, wishing she didn't dread the cold to come. 
Zhao remained silent, his eyes on the flames. Finally he met Ty’s gaze with a quick glance to Darag that slid over their newest member. 
“There is a legend of a path used by the Air Elementals in times of need. I think I could find it.”
Ty nodded. “I know you are healing, but we should leave in the morning.” 
Energy stirred through the group. Darag looked north. “We've faced worse than the mountains. We will find a way through,” he said, voice deep with its usual humor. 
Niri breathed a shade easier. She looked toward where the mountains rose above the dark forest, their jagged peaks raking the stars. She had survived the desert. At least in the mountains water would not be so very far away.
“Tomorrow then, we will start again tomorrow.”





Rule of Fire

Of course, the story doesn’t end there. Rule of Fire, the sequel to Born of Water, is available for sale now. You can find it at most ebook retailers or check out how to get it FREE below!
Plus, check out my website to access my website at www.AutumnWriting.com to find larger maps, learn and translate the language of the Kith and Ashanti (called Kay Selfah), access a character list, information about the people and places, and more.
The first three chapters of Rule of Fire follow so you can get started reading it now!



Rule of Fire

Chapter 1
THE DROWNED TEMPLE

Sinika’s tomb was as dark as it was wet. The small amount of air encased with him was so thin his head spun. Fingers raw from sliding along the rock walls, he knew every inch of the room where he was trapped. Even the wall that was not a wall. It was water.
The fear of it rose in his throat again, choking him until he coughed. The spasm racked his frame until he bent over, snot overflowing his nostrils and his eyes watering. If someone were to have designed a prison for Fire Elementals, they could have done no better than what Niri had accomplished. 
His memories of the battle were tinged in red and unclear. But he was certain he was nowhere near the surface of what had been the Temple of Dust. He could tell that the same way he knew day from night, when a soft glow filtered down to his wall that was not a wall. It gave him the faintest light to see his prison, pulled him closer to the edge of the abyss, and taunted him with the hope of seeing how far freedom was above him or how far the bottom was below him in the dark. After four days, he still could not tell. And he still could not call fire.
He’d tried ever since he’d woken, chest in pain and veins throbbing. He wasn’t sure how Niri had defeated him. They had been fighting, he was trying to ignite her and burn her to oblivion. And then the world went dark. It still was. But this was a waking nightmare, or at least a semi-conscious one. Trapped there with little air, no food, but plenty of water. So much of it that it made him want to scream. So he did. The result had been a headache and swirling vision. Too little air, Sinika knew that. A cavern such as this was a death trap.
Sinika pulled his thoughts back. They wandered, skittering up and down the cage of his mind, looking for the light he should be able to call but could not. There was too much water, too little air, and too much rock. His hands trembled before him. He could not remember a time in his life when flames did not dance to his whim. His first memory was of a candle flame wavering.
Calmly, Sinika sat and turned his thoughts inward, clearing his mind. He sat on the damp floor, hearing the instructions he had given to hundreds of young initiates over the years. The realization enraged him.
“I am not some apprentice!”
Sinika’s voice echoed against the stone and caused the fragile membrane of air and water to tremble. A precious bubble broke off and raced toward the surface he could not reach. It was just too achingly much. 
In desperation, he groped in the dimness for anything on which to vent his anger. There hadn’t been much in the beginning. There was even less now. He kicked at the wooden bed, hauling it toward the center of the room. His fist slammed the walls until the rage that ate at him burned itself out. Sinika fell to his knees before the curtain of water, the blood on his hands flowing to the damp floor. 
He could throw himself out, just as he had thrown the drawers to a dresser, a chair, and a small table. Throw himself into the weightless wetness beyond his cell, knowing he could never reach the surface. Even if it got him nowhere, it would feel so good to try. So much better than sitting defeated in the dark, entombed by water and rock. 
“Ci’erra.” 
Sinika’s voice spat the name, even while it lingered on the syllables reverently. She had deserted him while he fought Niri. Had she escaped? Could she be above seeking help for him? Or was she trapped somewhere below in a cell like his? 
“If she is alive and free, she would think I’ve drowned.”
The realization settled in him with the cold weight of stone. Niri had left him below to die. Ci’erra, if she weren’t dead herself, would never expect he had survived the sea filling up the Temple of Dust. No one was going to come for him. Sinika drew a shaking hand across his eyes. He settled back on the floor, sitting with far less grace than a youthful acolyte. Sinika closed his eyes and tried again.
A deep breath in. He wasn’t drowning. He could breathe. And out, like he wanted so badly. Even the desert, for all its emptiness, would be a beautiful sight to behold. Sinika opened his eyes and held out a steady hand. He kept the desert in his mind, its heat and brightness. It burned inside of him, a part of what he was.
Wavering red light, just the faintest splotch, hovered above the floor. Sinika almost took it for desperate illusion. Then, with desire fueling his need for it to be real, the faint light congealed. A tiny flame hissed against the wet stone floor. A weak moment of relief nearly extinguished it. Sinika fed energy to it and was surprised at how little he had in him to give. It was almost painful to pull the flames back and let the fire before him fall to a fragile light. He wanted the warmth and brightness so badly, but the manifestation ate his strength too quickly. He needed time more than he needed fire.
Quickly, he reached into the flames with his mind. Now that he was master of his element again, it was not so difficult to remember his training and power. He had spent days planning what he would do as soon as he managed to create a flame. 
Within the High Council chambers of the Temple of Solaire, a fire was always kept burning. An apprentice would be there, keeping watch. Sinika felt the connection with a surge of energy. The flame before him burned hotter. The flames in Solaire would be dancing, he knew. 
His small fire changed before him, diffusing and elongating into a form. To Sinika’s surprise, it wasn’t that of an initiate. Instead, a woman, old but with sharp eyes, stared at him.
“High Priestess Timpada. I did not expect you.”
“High Priest Sinika. Where are you? We’ve been trying to speak to you for days. There are rumors of the sea leaving its banks near Tabook and Priest Rannell is missing in Rah Hahsessah. Then, we did not hear from you or High Priestess Ci’erra. What has happened?"
Sinika leaned forward, a thin smile on his lips. “You need to call the High Council and then you need to send a Water and Air Elemental to Karakastad as fast as possible.”





Chapter 2
THE ALIN MOUNTAINS

“I can do it myself.” 
Ria’s voice pitched up an octave. It sounded childish to her ears, but did result in Niri leaving her alone. 
Ria tucked her long, blonde hair behind her ears and focused her concentration again. The tiny briar before her grew new leaves, all a healthy green. Snow around it melted slowly, feeding the roots as the plant grew. Ria exhaled a shaky breath.
The trick was in combining all the elements at once. At first, Ria had thought she could force plants to grow using just spirit, an ability the Church called magic. When Kailal had seen what she was doing, he’d looked at her with expressionless, dark violet eyes. When the small strawberry plant had grown, withered, and died without producing a single fruit, he snorted and turned away. 
She’d wanted to throw something at him, like a good fireball, as she had when he’d been the Curse. It had been two weeks since the fight in the clearing where she'd freed him, but he still could not remember his name or much of his life before the Church changed him into a creature of magic, bound to hunt and kill those like it. They needed something to call him though. Darag had suggested Kailal, the name of the island he claimed was his home, or had been almost 900 years ago. 
Since the day Ria had broken the bond holding Kailal to the Church of Four Orders, he had not used his power. Not for himself and not to teach her. He had met her early requests for help, explanations, and lessons with angry silence at best. The first days after he woke, he just turned and walked away from her. It drove her to near madness, until Niri pointed out that Ria could try on her own.
“The Curse is gone. Nothing will chase you anymore if you use your gift. Just go and try.”
So, she had. Ria had been working on growing food as they traveled. Zhao, born in the foothills of the mountains, recognized the first, withered patch of alpine berries and wished fervently that it was spring. Zhao’s hungry yearning had given Ria the idea. Unaided, she learned to warm the air with fire as well as create light. Ria melted the snow or called water to the tiny plants. She pushed them to grow with her true gift of spirit until they produced fruit. It wasn’t much, but it was food and it was useful.
It helped that she’d grown up among olive trees and vineyards. Still, it had taken Darag to show her how to ensure pollination. Ria hadn’t been bright enough to figure that out on her own. Without any help from Kailal, the most practiced Spirit Elemental within the known world, it was still hit or miss. Sometimes everything came together right and Ria could convince a small plant to provide some berries. Sometimes it would shrivel and die, becoming a withered twig, surrounded by snow and mountains.
Niri often offered to help, but there were so few plants and Ria barely knew what she was doing. Niri and Zhao completely floundered with calling forth life from something. Niri was a Water Elemental, but had learned to control earth and air. Zhao was an Air Elemental, the first gifted child born to the Tiak in generations. He could control fire and water, but like Ria, he was still young and learning. It wasn’t worth risking their limited food supply just to have them try as well. Darag, being Kith, was really the only other Elemental with skill in spirit. Darag and Kailal, but unfortunately, Kailal only walked silently with them. He was more of a ghost than a Spirit Elemental.
Ria kept thinking of summer, warmth, and life. The briar burst into tiny white blossoms. Ria smiled and pushed it a little further. They really needed the food. She didn’t want to fail. A worm of doubt grew in her. She should let Darag do this, or even Niri. They were so much more skilled. It was too important to fail. A few blossoms died and Ria could feel the balance slipping from her. 
Instead of reaching out to grab the pieces before they collapsed, Ria held still. Calm like the mountains, isn’t that what Zhao had told her? Calm and sure, as if she were Darag. 
“You were born to this too,” she whispered. 
With a twist of will, the blossoms were fertilized, just like Darag had shown her. Berries grew and ripened as she sat watching as still as the rock beneath her. Shadows lengthened and light grew dim everywhere but the small patch of thorny weeds before her. The raspberries were still warm as she reached out to pick them.
“I have nearly a handful for each of us this time,” Ria said as she walked back to camp, stretching the stiffness out of her legs. She must have been sitting for over four hours. A long time to wait for food when days were already short. She needed to learn to be faster.
Niri beamed at her. “You are really getting good at this. We’d starve without you.”
Ria smiled and turned away, handing out berries to everyone. She didn’t look at Kailal when she gave him his. If she wasn’t wasting so much time learning, Darag would have figured out how to grow food. If Kailal would simply show her, she could do it better. Ria sighed as she sat near the fire. Lavinia glanced at her, her sky blue eyes startling against her pale skin and black hair. Lavinia looked so much like her brother, Ty, that they could have been twins instead of him a few years her senior.
“I always feel bad when I stop keeping the plant warm. I hate watching it freeze again,” Ria said as she savored a berry, sucking on the light red stain marring her fingertips. 
Lavinia laughed. “We can’t take them with us.”
“Too bad,” Zhao sighed. “It would make finding food easier.”
The journey through the mountains had grown steadily harder. The frost rimmed clearing where they had fought the Curse seemed a warm memory now, not even two weeks later. The river Dhazoh had changed from a small water course, to a stream, and finally to an alpine trickle as they climbed higher. 
They never found the hoped-for path. Even Zhao no longer mentioned looking for markers to indicate that Air Elementals had come this way, traveling down from Finndale and through the mountains to reach the Temple of the Winds. Ty lead them now as he had in the desert, reckoning by stars and sun. 
Zhao seemed confident that somewhere ahead of them they would connect with the headwaters to the great river Torfel. If so, they would descend from the mountains into the forests along the river. Ria had seen a few maps, looking over her parents’ shoulders as they laid out shipments to foreign ports. She didn’t remember much of the southern shores of the Sea of Sarketh, but both the river Dhazoh and Torfel looked to have many branches. It would have been so easy to take the wrong fork.
It snowed for the first time six days ago. Ahead of them, mountains rose above the clouds into icy heights. Passes between them were hard won as they scrambled up through snowfields that never melted, beyond the reach of even stunted trees. It was cold and windy. There was almost no food and winter was coming fast in the mountains. And they were lost. 
Ria knew it from the line between Ty’s brows when he looked at the sky and then scanned the mountains before them. Yes, they were heading north but the mountains were a wall not easily scaled. Ty sat in silence, often with Darag, most mornings and nights, looking for a way forward. 
After Ty's initial dislike of Darag and poor reaction to Lavinia having married him, it seemed an unlikely friendship. But since Darag had come to their rescue in the desert, it was one that had grown. The two men conversed quietly, Ty proposing a route and Darag speaking softly to the stones of the mountain to see if it was passable. Darag’s power was unfathomable to Ria, like being able to comprehend the entire sea from shore to shore. Something she was certain Niri could do, if she wanted. 
Snow swirled through the evening air. Dusk lingered on the horizon, the tallest of the peaks reflecting golden light on their snowy summits. Ria breathed out and huddled closer to the fire, hoping for enough warmth to at least not see her breath. 
Lavinia handed Ria a cup of soup before she slid next to Darag where he draped a blanket across both their shoulders. They sat further back from the beating flames, their breaths twin puffs in the deepening twilight. Ria had grown used to Darag's patterned skin, so similar to the tree he said his spirit, and now his wife's as well, was joined to. Like all Kith, that bond granted Darag a lifetime measured in centuries. It was hard for Ria to imagine that Lavinia would still be much as she was now when Ria was an old woman. It didn't seem to bother Lavinia. She looked up into her husband's bright green eyes while brushing his russet hair back from his face. Darag took her hand and kissed it, pulling Lavinia closer under the blankets.
Ria sipped the broth without even examining it. She had helped find or grow most of the ingredients: wild onion, bay leaves, and shelf mushrooms. A few grains of rice floated in her mouth. Most likely it was the last of the rice they’d brought from Xiazhing. It made her heart flutter to think of it as she looked north at the wall of mountains. Ria’s eyes slid toward Niri.
Niri sat resting against Ty, her long, brown hair sweeping over his shoulder. Two layers of blankets swaddled them. Still, Niri's cheeks were pink with cold beneath her olive skin tone. Niri could not call fire like Darag or Ria. Zhao had more control than Niri over what was a very precious element when the temperatures dropped below freezing most nights. Yet, Niri did not look worried, not about the cold, shortage of food, or lack of a path. Niri’s calm puzzled Ria even as it gave her confidence. Surely, Niri had a plan or had faith in Ty’s to be so unflustered. 
Next to her, Zhao shifted uncomfortably.
“How is your arm?” Ria asked Zhao.
Like Ria, Zhao sat as close to the fire as he could. He had taken on the responsibility of finding firewood and keeping the flames dancing as his contribution to their nomadic camps. Scouring the mountaintops for fuel gave him the chance to help identify plants for Ria. He was far more used to the mountainous land of frost and snow than she. Nothing looked like olives, oranges, or grapes here.
“Healing. It itches, but that is better than the pain.” 
Zhao’s gray eyes slid toward Kailal as he rubbed the arm that the Curse had broken during battle. Kailal did not remember much of the fight, or much of his centuries as the Curse, but he had apologized sincerely to Zhao and Lavinia for their injuries while waving away Lavinia’s regret for the slash across his nose. He had been trying to eat her at the time he received the blow, Kailal had pointed out. 
Still, it was easy to feel uncomfortable around Kailal. He rarely spoke and his dark eyes were always haunted as he gazed across a world and time he did not know. Nine hundred years or thereabout, he had been a creature controlled by the Church of Four Orders. When the magic broke, Kailal returned to the young man he had been, at least physically. 
He was nearly as tall as Darag, with straight, long, black hair and reddish skin. Ria had not travelled much before the discovery of her gift of magic. The ability, forbidden by the Church, had driven her from her home. So the fact that she had never met anyone who looked like Kailal didn't mean his people were gone like he feared. Ria had never met Tiak either with their dark hair and eyes contrasted by golden skin. Zhao was unique as a Tiak to have gray eyes, but then he was the first Air Elemental in generations as well. As for Darag, few people had ever met a Kith because they so rarely left their forest. Ria could be forgiven for never having heard of them.
Gazing at Kailal from under her lashes, she wondered what memories he did have. Her few experiences with him when he was the Curse gave her nightmares. She didn’t want to imagine what it was like to be him. Ria had come upon him twice when he’d walked away from camp by himself. Unnoticed, she watched him rock in silent sobs. She could no further understand him than she did Lavinia’s love for Darag. It was a reasoning apart from her. 
Ria snuggled into her few blankets feeling more contrite toward Kailal. Perhaps it was reasonable that he did not want to use his gifts after what he had done. Who he had been. But still she wished fervently that he would teach her. All she wanted was to learn what she could do.

—

Darag was shaking his head the next morning. The tiny camp was packed and everyone was ready to go, but Darag and Ty could not agree on a direction. 
“It doesn’t feel right. The ground feels steep and loose. We should go further east.”
Ty’s mouth tightened as he looked eastward. His gaze swung back to the north. “I think we are too far east as it is. We need to go north or northwest for the quickest way to reach the Torfel. East will lead us deeper into the mountains.”
“Until we reach another branch of the Torfel to follow north,” Darag argued.
“Niri, can’t you feel the river at all?” Lavinia asked. Her hand held her blanket closed around her shoulders. This morning, Lavinia had belted the blanket around her waist like it was some great coat. Ria thought it looked like a good idea.
Niri closed her eyes. Wind played with her dark brown hair as they waited. It took too long for her to answer. Worry chewed at Ria’s stomach again. Niri sighed as she opened her lavender eyes. Always lavender, whether she used her power or not. They had been ever since Niri called the sea to drown the Temple of Dust. 
“There is water all around us, slowly trickling down. So many streams, all flowing, winding paths. Some go south, some north. I cannot say where the headwaters to the Dhazoh or the Torfel might be.”
Ty's brows drew closer together. He stood with one foot on a rock as he leaned an elbow on his knee and looked down the mountainside. His fingers drummed against his chin. 
“Is it that steep, do you think?” Darag nodded apologetically. Ty sighed. “I just wish I could see. We are above the clouds here like blind birds.”
Ria blinked. Birds, she had been a bird once in an effort to escape the Curse. She had even been a dragon. As a Spirit Elemental, Ria could change the form of other things, cause plants to grow, and she could become something else as well.
“I can do it,” Ria stuttered as everyone turned to look at her. “I mean I could change into a bird and scout out the path. I did it before,” she added when no one said anything.
“I think you’ve been doing quite enough,” Darag said, an unaccustomed crease running across his brow. “I am a Spirit Elemental too. I’m sure I could manage to transform.”
“You could, I’m sure of it. But I don’t think jumping off a mountain is the best way to have to learn. I don’t mind, really. It’ll be fun to do something other than trip over boulders all day.”
“Yes, learning to transform to escape from being eaten was a much better way to learn,” Niri said with a wry glance. “If you are tired...?”
“I’ll be fine, really.”
Ty described the path he hoped to follow while Ria listened, balancing on her toes as she gazed down the sloping terrain. She couldn’t help it. Ria could not wait to launch herself into the air. It promised a sense of freedom, a time away from the worry of the mountains. Maybe she could fly all the way to the Torfel.
With Ty finished, Ria walked to where the terrain dropped away. “I’ll be back soon, maybe an hour. Don’t go too far,” she teased.
Lavinia, her best friend since childhood, stuck out her tongue. It made her laugh. As Ria turned back to the open sky, her eyes slid past Kailal. It was not the usual haunted look on his face. He opened his mouth to say something, but hesitated. Ria did not wait. She bounded forward and then leapt into the air. She did not come back down.
She wasn’t sure how she knew what to do. Maybe it was like Niri had once said to her, that using your birth element was as easy as knowing how to smile. One moment she was a soil bound girl, the next she was a hawk on the wing. 
Updrafts hit her stretched feathers. Ria let instinct tell her how to correct the flight, how to soar along the ground, and then into the abyss of air between the peaks. The world fell away below her. For a moment, Ria simply soared, circling out over the nothingness. Then she wheeled back and down.
With a bird’s eye, she could pick out her friends. How small they were, standing on such a huge peak. Seeing Lavinia wrapped in a blanket made her realize she was no longer cold. The feathers insulated her against the chill air. 
I wonder if I can sprout feathers as a girl to wear while we are in the mountain?
Ria smiled, if hawks can smile. She screeched into the wind. Niri waved a hand as Ria plummeted along the mountain flank, looking for a path. 

—

It had been less than an hour before she came back to join her friends. She dove from the clouds, spreading her wings to stall her descent at the last moment. As her legs came forward to land, she became a girl again, stepping lithely from the air. 
“The only way down is east. North has an ice field that ends at a cliff, that is why Darag couldn’t feel it.”
Ty rubbed his temple. “When we get down and cross the valley, can we head back west?” 
Ria smiled despite herself. “I didn’t go that far. I wanted to come back before it had been too long. I’ll go and see. Be back soon!” 
This time, she bent forward as if to hurl herself from the mountain. Before she could fall, Ria became a hawk, shooting down the steep slope like an airborne rock. Flying was that much fun.
Hours later, near the lingering dusk of alpine evenings, Ria realized she wasn’t alone on the wing. Far off down the valley, another creature zipped from shadows to sunlight to shade again. Her hawk eyes recognized another flier, light colored like the alpine snow. Curiosity caught her. Whatever it was looked large and fast. 
Ria had been back to her friends several times, telling of a good camping site in the valley tucked amid a copse of pines. She was to meet them there after scouting a route for the following day. So far, the way back west had been blocked by impassable heights and steep terrain. Ria was now gliding east. It was the wrong direction, but it was passable.
Now Ria pumped her wings to fuel her speed. Staying to the shadows along the valley’s edge, she craned her senses for other aerial beings. It was a shadow passing over her that told Ria she had missed something, but it hadn’t missed her. Ria banked and dove out of instinct, landing deftly on a rocky ledge. When she turned, her pounding bird heart gave a double beat.
It wasn’t the sudden fear of capture, but born by what was watching her that startled Ria. A massive bird with white and gray feathers, a dark gray, curved beak, and bright black eyes approached the ledge at a gentle glide. The creature was easily twice Ria’s size as a girl. Looking at it from the perspective of a small hawk, it was gargantuan. 
The giant bird eyed Ria with a cocked head, as curious as Ria had been earlier. The familiar gesture eased Ria’s nerves enough for her to realize what she’d been too surprised to notice before. The large bird was a Spirit Elemental as well.
Niri had taught Ria to see other Elementals after Niri had recognized Zhao. It was an easy gift. Elementals, even when not using their power, were surrounded by a soft aura of colored light. The animal before her had a green tinge in Ria’s vision, a sure sign of a Spirit Elemental.
Calm now, Ria watched the massive bird fan wings over forty feet from tip to tip. A gust of wind swept over Ria as her larger companion settled on the rocks to her left. Roosted, with dark, pointed wings tucked, the bird tilted its head down toward Ria.
Words, carried on thoughts as lively as she imagined Beite’s would be, sang in Ria’s head. “What are you?” 





Chapter 3
THE BIRD TRIBE

“We shouldn’t have let her go alone. Not all day," Darag said, scanning the quickly darkening sky. Ria had been gone for hours. 
Darag stretched for his power again. He’d used his gift of a Spirit Elemental since birth, though unknowingly. Kith thought themselves different, not spirit or earth. In truth, they were not either, but both, albeit with strange rules stemming from their connection with their tree. Darag felt more akin to plants than he did with creatures. He had never transformed into anything. But holding his connection to life, feeling the vast ebb and flow of all living things in the mountain valley, he thought he could. 
"Maybe she didn't realize how far west she'd flown?" Lavinia said.
"Or maybe she flew east or over a pass to the north," Darag replied, pausing his pacing. He held his power, the desire to search for Ria pulling him to act. He let it go. "We really don't know where she might have gone." Frustration colored his voice, not a usual thing for him.
Walking to the forest edge, Darag returned to the task he had assigned himself. The tiny mushrooms he'd encouraged to sprout from the dense soil under the pines elongated and grew thicker. It was a feat that made him appreciate Ria’s skill in growing food on their journey all the more. The girl was quite gifted for someone untrained and new to their power. His focus wavered. From the corner of his eye, Darag saw Kailal shift away from him. 
"What if she is injured?" Zhao asked. He kicked at the dirt near the fire pit with his heel. With his arm still healing in a sling, Zhao was very limited both in mobility and as an Elemental.
"I'm sure she is fine," Niri said into the silence, though she spoke through stiff lips. "But maybe we should think about how we'll look for her if she isn't back soon."
Darag’s eyes strayed to Kailal before coming back to meet Niri's gaze. She looked as torn as he felt.
Kailal kept to himself, never using Elemental skills. Darag had noticed Kailal disappeared when any of the other Elementals used theirs, as if the proximity to power bothered him. When Darag had called stones to make a fire ring that night, Kailal had been absent. The healer in Darag told him that Kailal may appear whole, but there was deep trouble in his soul.
That didn’t surprise Darag. He could not imagine what Kailal had been through. Niri told him some of the visions she’d once shared with the Curse and of her time as a Priestess in the Church of Four Orders. Torture did not begin to define what he guessed Kailal had lived through.
Yet he was another Spirit Elemental. One that was very skilled. If he and Kailal split up the valley, each going a different direction...
Darag did not need to finish the thought. Out of the night sky, a hawk’s screech echoed off the mountains. 
“Oh, thank Mhyrah,” Niri whispered. She hurried to her feet and headed toward the edge of the trees where Ria would have a clear spot to land. Lavinia, having bolted the instant she heard the cry, was ahead of Niri. 
Ria was just straightening up, transformed once again to a girl. In the dim light, all Darag could see was Ria’s slim outline. She was taller than his sister, Beite, by a good head. Still, the slight frame of a young woman evoked his older brother tendencies. Words to scold her were on his lips as he stopped behind Lavinia.
“Sorry I’m late. You’ll never guess what I found!” 
Ria’s enthusiasm bubbled over Darag’s concern. She turned away from the group, looking back over her shoulder into the dark. There was a sudden draft of air and then a form landed behind Ria. Darag forgot to breathe as he took in the towering raptor. 
Dark eyes like polished boulders looked down a hooked gray beak, the bird’s head tilting in inquisitiveness. It was that look, more than anything else, that gave Darag the sense it meant no immediate harm. His first instinct to protect dissipated. That’s when he noticed the bird shimmered with power. Darag hesitated again.
“This is Keira,” Ria said, turning back toward her companions. “She’s a...”
“Girl,” Niri finished for her. 
Ria spun back to Keira. “Oh! I didn’t know you could change. Of course, you can change form, you are a Spirit Elemental too. I just didn’t think you’d become a person.”
Keira smiled at Ria. She appeared about the same age as Ria and Lavinia. A slight, white haired girl, despite just having been a massive white and gray bird of prey.
“I am Torek,” the voice whispered in Darag’s mind, understandable and recognizable without the ears needing to hear it. He was amazed.
“Yes, that is right. She is from the bird tribe.”
Ria explained how she met Keira as they walked back to the fire. Keira’s dark eyes took in everything, jumping from individuals to bed rolls to the fire and to the cooking gear with quick intensity as she observed all the things new to her. 
“We live in the mountains, in hoves above the tree line.”
‘Hove’ appeared in Darag’s mind as a cross between a cave and a nest. Something built into the mountain that was warm and safe.
“So you know the mountains? Could you help guide us through?” Ty asked. 
Against Darag’s side, Lavinia’s form relaxed. Darag smiled at the warmth that spread across his chest, brushing the crown of Lavinia’s head with his lips. Everyone had been worried about their wandering path, the cold and the snow. Ria’s new friend brought hope.
“I suppose I could. I’ve never thought of walking somewhere though.” Keira looked at the faces around her in the sudden silence. “Where do you plan on going?”
“We are looking for the Torfel River. We want to follow that to Finndale,” Ty said as he sat, stretching his legs out before him. 
Keira frowned. “The closest branch is westward, a few days flight. But there are high mountains between with strong drafts and gusts, and sudden snows. The Torek do not usually fly that way this time of year.”
“There is no other path?” Darag asked.
“To the Torfel? No, you’d be trapped by snows in the mountains far before you reached the eastern branches.” Keira’s mind-speech zipped with images of distances and dangers as seen on the wing. It was too fast to grasp individual scenes, but the intent was clear. They were trapped in the mountains.
Ty’s gaze focused angrily on the ground near the fire. Niri compressed her lips. 
“Another way to Finndale, perhaps?” Niri asked, one hand touching Ty’s arm. 
“My kind do not go to Finndale or the north. They...eat Torek.” Keira shuddered. “And the storms on the coast are dangerous for fliers. The furthest we venture from the mountains is when the adults go to raise young on the grass plains.”
“You go to the Steppes?” Ty asked, sitting up and blinking. “Can you show us a way there?”
“It is further than the other branch of the Torfel. If you could fly, it would not be so difficult. But if you walk as slow as Ria has told me, you will not make it before winter.”
Ty’s shoulders sagged once again. He leaned back against a tree, casting his face in shadow. The fire crackled in the clearing, sending sparks rising aloft.
“Could you or your tribe, carry us?”
Everyone jumped at Kailal’s soft voice. Keira turned her bright eyes to him, a wrinkle growing and fading on her forehead in an instant.
“Maybe, yes. I think I could convince a few of the others to help. You don’t look any heavier than...well, other things we carry. I will ask my sister and the others tomorrow.”
It was a good idea. Darag looked over at Kailal, giving him a slight nod in thanks. The corner of Kailal’s mouth twitched upwards.

—

"Not alone, not today at least."
Ria greeted Darag's statement with a sigh.
"You don't trust her," Ria said as she crossed her arms, reminding him again of Beite.
Darag pushed aside the sudden wish for the aerie and the forests of his home. He brought his concentration back to the young woman testing her independence who stood before him. Keira had flown off to find her version of breakfast, leaving the small group alone for a brief time. It was the opportunity Darag had been waiting for.
"It isn't that, sweetie. Do you really want to be alone when you meet an entire tribe of Torek?" Niri responded. 
Ria swallowed, her eyes widening slightly. "No, I suppose not."
With that, the small disagreement was over. Tension drained from Darag's shoulders, followed abruptly by a light stomach. He'd never considered becoming something other than what he was. He'd confessed as much to Lavinia the night before when he told her that Ria could not go to the Torek hoves alone. Lavinia agreed. Morning brought the support of Niri, Ty, and Zhao with the plan. The thought still left Darag nauseous. 
They waited for Keira's return, slowly eating a handful of nuts that Zhao found while scavenging for wood. Anxiety heightened the draw Darag felt toward Lus na Sithchaine. It itched through him so that he could not stay still. When he stood, Lavinia's bright blue eyes were on him. Her concern made him smile. It was enough to break the knot of worry. With Lavinia in his arms, there was not much that could trouble him.
Keira returned in a backdraft of air. Her natural hawk form rose to over half the height of the alpine trees when she stood on the ground. If not for her movements, he would have found it easier to imagine her as a strange statue rather than a flesh and blood bird. When Darag walked forward with Ria, Keira tilted her head, her dark eyes jumping from him back to Ria.
"Darag is coming too," Ria said. 
Keira bobbed her head. "I hadn't considered that. How many of you can become flyers - three? You will not need as much help as I thought."
Kailal stood up. "Two," he choked out.
Keira tilted her head to the other side, gazing at Kailal sideways. "But you..."
"No!" he interrupted. Kailal turned and fled from the clearing, his hands curled into fists at his sides. Darag heard one more faint "No" from Kailal's retreating form, but it sounded more like a sob than a denial. 
Darag, Ty, Niri, and Lavinia crossed gazes. Zhao stared at the ground. Ria blushed, her lips compressed into a tight line. Keira scratched the ground with her talons, leaving three inch deep gouges in the dirt.
Niri spread her hands, fingers splayed wide. "I'll go. It is long past time someone talked with him. Be safe, Ria, Darag. Thank you, Keira." 
Keira bobbed her head as Niri faded into the forest shadows after Kailal.
"He is a flyer, but he is injured. Not like Zhao with a broken wing...arm," Darag corrected. "But sick in ways that cannot be seen."
"He is soul sick," Keira's mind voice said. She shook her beak. "Not good, a flyer that will not fly will not survive long." 
Her words gave Darag a throb of foreboding. He hoped it wasn't true, or wouldn't be. It was obvious though, Kailal was not well and Darag doubted even Laith Lus had the means to mend him.
Keira looked skyward. "It will take a few hours to reach the hoves. If the other Torek agree quickly, I should be able to show you the way back before dusk."
"We would leave tomorrow?" Ria asked.
"Yes, hopefully. The snows are coming and it will take at least two days to fly to the Steppes. We must go soon." Keira ruffled her feathers, changing the shiver of coming snows into an adjustment of her wings. It was time to go. Darag took a deep breath.
Keira launched herself skyward, the downbeats of her enormous wings sending leaves and dust into the air of the clearing. Ty and Zhao backed to the safety of the trees. Lavinia's hand brushed his and then she joined her brother. Ria took two hopping steps and launched herself skyward. Gracefully, she became the same bronze hawk she flew as the day before. 
What if Kith are only Spirit Elementals in relation to plants?
Darag pushed aside the idea as it formed. Then he didn't think. He let the power in his blood swell, rising and growing from the ground below him. Darag stepped a pace forward and then he was treading air with beats of outstretched wings. His longing for Lus na Sithchaine drew him into the air, the desire to return so strong that he could almost see the silvery pull northeastward. His love of Lavinia turned his course. He circled the clearing with the tip of his left wing pointed at his wife below. Lavinia waved once, her face turned skyward.
Keira and Ria were soaring on updrafts along the valley's edge. Once Darag’s attention was directed their way, Keira swooped, diving until she caught the lower winds moving along the valley. Ria followed, a small, golden-brown mimic of Keira. 
Darag felt the wind flow along his flight feathers, the force bending the edges upwards. Adjusting muscles to control the angles of feathers happened instinctually, as if he had been born to soar. He pulled in his wings and dove after Ria and Keira, testing out his new ability to fly.
 




About the Author

 


Autumn (also known as Weifarer) is a travel and fiction writer currently based in Maine where she lives in a small cottage lost in the woods, which she built with her husband with the supervision (and approval) of two Cairn terriers.
With a Bachelor of Arts degree from Bucknell University in Studio Arts and English, Autumn once considered a career in illustration. However, an ecology course at Virginia Tech led to a Master of Science degree in Ecology and Environmental Sciences from the University of Maine in Orono. Since graduating with her M.S., Autumn has worked for the USDA Natural Resources Conservation Service. But all of that changed in 2016, when she left her day job to become full time writer. Expect a lot of great adventures, both real and fictional, coming soon!
You can learn more about Autumn’s book online at her website http://www.AutumnWriting.com including her latest work-in-progress. If you want to get an automatic email when Autumn’s next book is released, sign up here. Your email address will never be shard and you can unsubscribe at any time. 

Word of mouth is crucial for any author to succeed. If you enjoyed the book, please consider leaving a review where you purchased it even if it’s only a line or two; it would make all the difference and would be very much appreciated.







Connect with Autumn Online:

Twitter: http://twitter.com/weifarer
Facebook: https://www.facebook.com/Author.Autumn.Birt
Smashwords: https://www.smashwords.com/profile/view/weifarer
Blogs: http://www.AutumnWriting.com
https://www.AmWritingFantasy.com
http://www.EscapeWithTheDog.com


