




BOUND

Book One in THE CRYSTOR Series



By C. K. Bryant


Smashwords Edition

Copyright© 2011 by C.K. Bryant

Visit the author's website
http://www.ckbryant.com


This is a work of fiction. The characters, names, places, incidents and dialogue are products of the author’s imagination and are not to be construed as real.

No part of this book may be reproduced in any form whatsoever without prior written permission of the publisher except in the case of brief passages embodied in critical reviews and articles.

Smashwords Edition, License Notes

This ebook is licensed for your personal enjoyment only. This ebook may not be re-sold or given away to other people. If you would like to share this book with another person, please purchase an additional copy for each recipient. If you’re reading this book and did not purchase it, or it was not purchased for your use only, then please return to Smashwords.com and purchase your own copy. Thank you for respecting the hard work of this author.
Dedication

Dedicated to my husband, Ed, for his love and sacrifice, and for believing in me enough to let me chase my dreams.

And to our two wonderful sons, Steven and Joshua. I love you both very much.




Chapter One

Kira glanced up at the silver eyehook screwed into the gym ceiling. Threaded through the two-inch hole was the other end of the rope she held in her trembling hands. She gave it a solid yank to test its strength. She could do this. It wasn’t like she was afraid of heights—she’d dance along the edge of a four-story building if it meant not having to climb this stupid rope. It had to be a mental thing, some unreasonable fear of—something—that kept her feet glued to the floor. 
Coach Andrews stood a few feet away with her arms folded over her flat chest. “Today, Edwards!” She shifted her weight and tapped the toe of one worn out Sketcher on the wooden floor. “Before I lose my patience.” 
“You can totally do this,” Lydia whispered from behind Kira. 
Kira glanced over her shoulder to glare at her friend. “Easy for you to say. You can shimmy up this thing like a freakin’ monkey.”
“So can you, if you just try. Now go, before we both have to do laps.” Lydia flipped her long blonde braid behind her back and gave Kira a gentle shove. “Up.”
Kira wiped her sweaty hands on her shorts and gripped the rope with purpose. The entire class watched. Some girls sat on bleachers a few feet away, snickering, while others stood nearby, offering what seemed like genuine support, but was more than likely a morbid desire to see her colossal failure up close. Either way, she didn’t like the attention. She closed her eyes and pulled her body upward before clamping the rope’s slack between her feet, and pushed off with her leg muscles. 
“Good job,” Lydia said. “Now reach.”
Kira still had her eyes closed, so felt above her head for her next hold. The rope pressed into her palm as she gripped it in her hand. Maybe she could do this. She pulled herself up and adjusted her feet again. 
“You’re gonna fall!” Kira didn’t recognize the voice, but knew it came from one of the girls on the bleachers by the way it echoed off the gym walls. 
“Shut up, Carla!” Lydia yelled.
“Girls!” Coach Andrews’s voice bellowed. “One more word and it’ll be laps for the lot of you! Now get up that rope, Edwards. You’ve got three weeks until graduation and I’m not passing you until you do.”
Silence filled the gym as Kira reached again, pulling herself up one more section. This time the rope tangled around her feet causing her hands to take her full weight. Her fingers burned as they slid a few inches and fumbled to find a sturdy grip. Taking a deep breath, she opened her eyes to see how to fix the problem. 
Big mistake.
It wasn’t the distance between her and the floor that sent a bone chilling surge of fear through her, but what she saw after she untangled her clumsy feet and looked up. She was somewhere else—the rope, now tattered and thin, hung over the rotting beam in an old barn. The wood groaned and sagged with her weight, and a trickle of blood seeped from between her bound hands and dripped down the length of her arm. 
Kira screamed, yanking her hands free from their restraint—and the rope hanging from the ceiling. Lydia broke her fall and both of them collapsed into a heap on the gym floor. 
The bleacher girls erupted in laughter, while the others froze in place, their faces a mixture of shock and humor. 
“Pipe down! Everyone to the showers! Now!” Coach Andrews crouched by Kira and Lydia. “What were you thinking? You can’t let go like that. You could have been seriously injured.” 
Kira examined her hands for any sign of blood. Nothing. “I . . . um . . .” She glanced at Lydia who was rubbing a spot on the back of her head. “I slipped. Are you okay?”
“Yeah. Might have a headache later, but nothing’s broken.”
Coach Andrews stood and motioned toward the door that led to the hall. “Come on. Let’s get you two to the nurse’s office.”
“No!” Lydia said a little too loud. She jumped to her feet, pulling Kira with her. “We’re fine. We don’t need a nurse.” 
“Lydia, what about your head?” Kira tried to take her hand back, but Lydia tightened her grip and dragged her to the locker room door. 
“Girls, it’s policy. I need to fill out an incident report.” 
Lydia stopped and turned back to Coach Andrews. “What incident? We were just messing around. No harm done. Right, Kira?” Lydia jabbed an elbow in Kira’s ribs. “Right, Kira?”
“Um . . . right. Messing around. No incident.” Kira flashed a half-hearted grin before Lydia pulled her the rest of the way through the door and into the locker room—a maze of chattering, half-naked girls waiting to mock and tease. At least that’s what she expected. To her surprise, only one spoke—Carla—wearing nothing but a flimsy white towel.
“Nice fall, Edwards. Maybe next time you can make it more than three feet off the ground.” She laughed, starting a chain reaction through the locker room.
Lydia stepped between them. “You’re one to talk. I seem to remember it took you half the semester to make it up that rope and a whole herd of your friends to coax you down. At least Kira won’t whine for a week about how her sensitive hands were damaged by ‘hanging on for dear life’ as you put it.” A few distant giggles escaped from the other side of the room. 
Carla’s sarcastic smirk faded into a scowl. She let out a huff of air and spun on her heels, disappearing into one of the shower stalls. 
“You didn’t have to do that, ya know. She’s all talk and she doesn’t bother me.” Kira walked past Lydia, found her locker and dialed the combination.
Lydia let out a deep sigh, so Kira turned back to face her. “What?”
“Why do you let her say things like that to you? She’s such a—” 
“Don’t say it.” Kira wasn’t sure how to explain how she felt about Carla. She didn’t hate her and she certainly didn’t want to fight with her. It was something Kira saw in Carla’s eyes. Something vulnerable and broken—despite the attitude. “Maybe she just needs a friend.” She sat with her foot propped up on the bench and untied her shoe.
Lydia joined her, prying her shoes off with her toes. “Are you nuts? Carla has more friends than anyone else in the whole school.”
“She has followers, girls who use her for popularity. Parasites. Leaches. Not friends.” Kira stood and peeled her shirt over her head. 
“Maybe. But she still doesn’t need to pick on you so much.”
“Well, I figure if she’s picking on me, she’ll leave everyone else alone. I can take it.”
“Tough chick, eh?” Lydia flicked her on the leg with a twisted gym towel.
Kira jumped out of range. “Got that right. Now stop distracting me. Mr. Hall’s gonna kick my butt if I’m late for English again.”
“You can always skip class.”
“Ha! Not funny.”

* * * * *

As grateful as Kira was for school to be over, she couldn’t help lingering in the school parking lot until Lydia finished in the photo lab. After school was the only time Lydia had access to the developing equipment without someone looking over her shoulder—and she liked the privacy. 
Kira didn’t mind waiting. The longer it took her to get home, the less time she’d have to spend avoiding her mother’s boy-toy, Paul. With any luck, they’d already be gone on their weekend jaunt to Vegas. Saving money was against Paul’s religion. At least that’s what her mom said. 
Kira climbed up to sit on the hood of Lydia’s multi-colored, rust-bucket of a car and pressed the ear-buds connected to her iPod into her ears. A little Colbie Caillat would help relax her nerves, especially after the day she’d had. She leaned back on her elbows, closed her eyes and let the afternoon sun splash across her face.
But as much as she tried, she just couldn’t get the image of her hands, bound and bleeding, out of her head. It wasn’t like it was the first time she’d had brain wave interference—blips, as she called them. For her it was normal. Except this blip was different. She could feel the rope cutting into her wrists and smell the pungent odor of damp decaying wood. 
The hair on Kira’s arms pricked against her skin and she suddenly felt as though someone was watching her. She sat up and looked around the lot, then at the park across the street. Most of the kids from school had already left, but the few that remained certainly weren’t paying attention to her. She rubbed her jacket sleeves with her hands to settle the goose bumps, but a minute or so later, the feeling returned. 
This time she pulled the buds from her ears before looking. She scanned the park again, searching further off in the distance. If she squinted, she could barely make out a dark silhouette leaning against a tree. She blinked once and he was gone. Just like that. Vanished.
 “Okay, then. I think that makes it official. I’m nuts.”
“You’re just now figuring that out?” Lydia asked from behind her.
Kira would have jumped, but she’d heard Lydia’s keys jangle a few seconds before she spoke. “I’m serious. I swear I just saw a guy . . . aw, never mind. Why are you out so early?”
“Because Mr. Photography himself gave me a special assignment. He said I have a unique eye for detail and wants to see what I can do with color.”
“Color? I thought all your pictures were in color?”
“We’ve been studying black and white, so I’ve been using one of his older cameras on stills in the room and developing them the old fashioned way. Next week we start color, and if I can get some good shots with my digital this weekend, he’ll use them to teach the class and I’ll get extra credit.”
“Nice!” Kira ran her fingers through her long red hair and struck a seductive pose. “You can start with this gorgeous face.” She puckered her lips like a fish and winked.
“Ha! You wish. He wants nature, like flowers or trees or clouds or . . .” Lydia snapped her fingers. “I’ve got it. Black Creek. The wild flowers are in full bloom up there and—”
“Black Creek? Now you’re the one who’s nuts. You can’t go up there alone.”
Lydia leaned closer and flashed a mischievous grin. “I wouldn’t have to if you went with me.”
Kira slid off the hood and stuffed her iPod in the front pocket of her jacket. “No way! You wouldn’t catch me within ten miles of that place. You’ve heard the rumors.” Traipsing around Black Creek Mountain wasn’t exactly on Kira’s list of fun things to do, not with its newly acquired reputation. The newest theory—and by far Kira’s favorite—was that hikers had seen Sasquatch or some other mythical creature. 
Lydia laughed. “Don’t tell me you believe all that crap. What was the last story? Aliens? Or was it Big Foot?” Lydia raised her arms above her head, leaned toward Kira and growled. “Maybe it’s the Boogie Man.”
Kira slapped Lydia’s arm away. “Tease all you want. I still won’t go.”
“Yes, you will.” Lydia opened the driver’s side door and threw her backpack onto the seat.
“What are you gonna do, tie me up and throw me in the trunk of your car?”
“Nope. Just remind you how much you love me.” Lydia winked. 
There it was again—a hint of something different in Lydia’s green eyes. A subtle flicker of ice behind their warmth. Something hidden deep inside that Kira couldn’t quite grasp. 
Then it was gone. 
It wasn’t the first time Kira had seen the change and it drove her crazy not being able to figure out what it meant. Whenever she asked Lydia about it, she just shrugged it off and acted like it was nothing, but it bothered Kira. Not because she didn’t trust Lydia, but because she was the only person Kira couldn’t read.
For Kira, eyes were everything. Not just the variation of color, but what she saw in them—or didn’t see. 
Long, dark lashes widening with excitement. The subtle spark of happiness. A flirtatious wink that meant far more than a hint of attraction. Even the steady gaze of curiosity held no mystery for her. It was a game she played to take her mind off the constant barrage of feelings that twisted in her gut or sent tingling threads of uneasiness scurrying through her veins whenever something seemed out of place. The kind of feelings she’d had off and on all day.
 “Hel-lo?” Lydia said, waving her hand in front of Kira’s face.
“Oh, sorry. Just weighing my options. The whole ‘love you’ thing isn’t working for me. I think I’d rather stay home and drive bamboo shoots under my fingernails.” 
Lydia placed a hand over her heart. “Ouch!”
Kira laughed. “That doesn’t mean I don’t love you. I’d do almost anything for you, you know that.”
“Just not Black Creek.” 
Kira shook her head. “Sorry. Big chicken here, remember?”
“Fine. I guess I’ll have to go alone, then.” Lydia slid into the car, closed the door and cranked the window down. “Don’t worry, I’ll be okay. Big Foot and I will get along just fine.”
“Ahh, I hate when you do that. You know I can’t take guilt.”
Lydia propped her arm on the window frame and leaned her head out. “Just think how guilty you’ll feel if something horrible happens and you’re not there to save me.” She jutted out her bottom lip like a two-year-old set on getting her way. “Pretty please?”
But before Kira could answer, Lydia’s focus shifted to something behind Kira and her smile faded. “I gotta go. I’ll pick you up tomorrow. Noon-ish. Okay?” The engine started and before Kira could say anything else, Lydia had backed out of her parking place, her bald tires squealing on the blacktop. 
Kira looked around to see what could have set her off, but nothing had changed. The uneasy feeling was back, though. And so was the tingling sensation. She pulled the sides of her jacket together and wrapped her arms around her torso.

Maybe it was time she went home.



Chapter Two

Octavion watched through the trees as Lydia slammed her car door and marched up the three rickety steps that led to the single-wide trailer she’d rented from a local farmer. She flung open the door and tossed her backpack across the room where it probably landed on the couch like usual. Without bothering to step inside, she spun around to meet his eyes. Even at a distance, she found him easily. He shouldn’t have bothered hiding behind the old shed. 
She saw you, ya know. You’re getting careless. Lydia’s thoughts struck his brain with a vengeance. If he didn’t calm her down soon, he’d be listening to her rant all night long. 
Less than a second passed and he stood on the top step, looking down at her. “I only came to see if she was all right. You said she fell.”
“I said we fell. And I’m fine, thanks for asking.” She turned and walked into the trailer, leaving the door open. 
Octavion stepped inside and gave the door a gentle shove to close it. “Why are you angry with me? I am concerned for both of you, but you said nothing about you being hurt.”
Lydia plopped down on the couch and leaned back against the cushion. “It’s not that. I’m tired of lying to her. She’s the only friend I have here and she deserves to know the truth—all of it—even about you.”
This wasn’t the first time they’d had this conversation and he was pretty sure it wouldn’t be the last. As long as Kira was part of his sister’s life, he’d have to listen to Lydia’s tender heart try to convince his stubborn head to reveal their secrets. Fortunately, using his head was the only way he’d allow himself to think these days. If he thought with his heart, it would surely betray him—again.
“You know that is not an option.” 
Lydia sat up and scooted to the edge of the cushion. “Why not? She’s not like the others. She has gifts. She’d accept who we are. I know she would.”
Octavion understood her feelings. Watching Kira from a distance hadn’t just been because he was keeping a close eye on his sister. He’d become more than a little protective of Kira as well. “Why must you always ask? You know I cannot allow this. It is forbidden.”
“Yeah? Like, who’s gonna know?” 
“I would know.” 
He watched as she pulled her long braid over her shoulder, unfastened the band and ran her fingers through the waves of blonde hair. She looked so much like her mother, it was eerie. And when had she become so beautiful? His mind wandered to when they were forced from their home and he’d brought her here, promising their father he’d protect her. She was so young and naïve about this world, but now she fit in better than he did. 
“Ouch.”
Octavion’s focus shifted to the present where Lydia rubbed the back of her head. “Blessed Zi’ah! You said you weren’t hurt.” 
“Octavion, if father heard you talk like that, he’d have you beheaded.”
“Ha! I am the only male heir. I rather doubt my punishment would be so severe.” He pulled her hand away from her head and explored the area with the gentle touch of his fingers. “You have a lump. What exactly were you two doing?”
Lydia pushed him aside and stood. As she passed through the kitchen doorway and opened the freezer, she mumbled something he couldn’t understand.
“What?” 
She stepped back into the room with a small towel pressed against the knot on her head. “I said, ‘she was trying to climb that stupid rope again.’” She returned to her place on the couch. Using her backpack for a pillow, she stretched out with her feet propped up on the arm. “I was spotting her when she let go. We both went down pretty hard.”
“And you are certain she is not injured . . . as you are?” He added the last part for good measure. That’s all he needed—Lydia sensing he might have feelings for Kira. 
“Ya know, if you let me tell her everything, you could find out for yourself. Maybe she’d even let you examine her to make sure she doesn’t have any . . . lumps.”
Octavion pulled the towel out of Lydia’s hand, dumping ice on the couch and down her shirt. She jumped to her feet and pulled her shirt away from her body to let the cubes slip through to the floor. “Picking on the injured. Some protector you are.”
He laughed genuinely. There was a time when their teasing felt natural and a big part of their daily lives. Not so much anymore. He’d had to grow up fast with the responsibility that had been put on his shoulders—letting his guard down for even a second could cost them both their lives. “I’m your guardian, not your nursemaid.” He threw the towel at her face, but she caught it before it hit.
Her eyes flickered from emerald green to icy blue and back. “Testing my reflexes again?” A hint of their heritage seeped through her sweet voice, a familiar tone, not unlike his own. 
“Do you need testing?”
“In your dreams.” Lydia tossed the towel back at him. “I might be up for a little sparring match, though. We haven’t done that for a while.”
“I think you are right. Is tomorrow soon enough? I would hate to take advantage of the . . . injured.”
Lydia’s eyes widened. “Oh, crap! I almost forgot to tell you. Kira and I will be on the mountain tomorrow, so you’ll have to keep Toran on the north side by the canyon.”
“Why would Kira want to go up on Black Creek? Even you do not like it there.” Octavion crossed his arms over his chest, a little suspicious of her motives.
“She doesn’t. I have a photo assignment and Kira agreed to go with me. Well, sort of. We’ll be on the south side where the sun brings out the wild flowers, so you better keep your distance.”
“And how am I to protect you if I am so far away?”
“Oh, please. It’s not like we’re in any danger. We’ve been in Oregon for more than two years now with no hint of Shandira on our tail. I think a few hours enjoying nature isn’t going to kill us. You need to lighten up. I can take care of myself, ya know? And Kira, too, just in case you were wondering.”
He shifted his weight to one foot. “That knot on your head is evidence to the contrary. She could have hurt you.”
Lydia laughed. “What? Now you’re saying I have to be afraid of Kira? Be serious, Octavion. She’s my friend. And this knot was an accident.”
“We both know how friends can betray us.”
Lydia propped her fists on her hips. “Now you’re just being stupid. Kira would never hurt me. She’s more like a sister than a friend. I’d trust her with my life.”
“Sister? And that fact gives you comfort? Perhaps it should give you more cause to question her loyalty.” The minute the words left his mouth, he knew he’d said the wrong thing. Their older sister, Shandira, was the reason they were on the run in the first place.
Lydia’s whole body sagged as she dropped her hands to her side. “That’s mean. You’re just jealous because I have someone besides you to talk to. Sometimes I think you want Kira to mess up, so I have to rely on you again for my every need.”
“That is not true. I merely want you to be cautious. Learn from our past, Lydia. Do not repeat it. That is what Father taught us.”
“He also taught us to never back down, to stand tall and fight our enemies. A lot of good that did us. I feel like a scared little rabbit hiding in its hole.”
Octavion stepped closer and touched her cheek with the back of his hand. He could tell she was fighting back tears by the way she blinked. So brave, this one. He lowered his voice so his sincerity would be clear. “Do you think I enjoy holding back like this? I lay awake dreaming of the vengeance that is mine—of the debt I have to settle. But now is not the time. There is a season for everything in our lives and now is the season to wait—to be patient. The time to fight back will come soon enough. You have my word on that.”
Lydia leaned into him and relaxed against his chest. He had a feeling it was to hide the tears that streamed down her cheeks. “I miss Xantara. I miss our home.”
Octavion pulled her into an embrace and tried not to think about what she’d said. He missed home, too. “I know.” 
Maybe giving his sister a little space tomorrow wasn’t such a bad idea. Besides, how much trouble could she possibly get into? 


Chapter Three

“I can’t believe I let you talk me into this.” A cool breeze blew a lock of hair over Kira’s eyes. She tucked it behind her ear then watched as Lydia set her tripod beside the rustic footbridge that spanned the creek they’d followed for over an hour. The contrast of the wild daisies against the weather-beaten planks had obviously caught Lydia’s eye.
“I can’t believe you came,” Lydia said.
“Well, it’s not like you gave me much of a choice.” Kira leaned her back against a nearby tree before pulling the two sides of her jacket together to ward off the evening chill. “You do realize there’s no outlet for my laptop up here?” 
Lydia shook her head. “There are other things in this world besides the Internet, you know.”
“You only say that because you’re computer illiterate. What you have against modern technology, I’ll never know. Honestly, I’m surprised you don’t use one of those antique cameras, where a person has to hold perfectly still while you slide that big doohickey in and out.”
Lydia laughed as she stepped away from the camera to take her shot. Holding the tiny remote in the palm of her hand, she gave it a squeeze. She leaned forward to take a peek at the image on the LCD screen. “The light isn’t right.”
Lydia’s frustration didn’t surprise Kira. They’d spent most of the day taking photos of wild flowers and Lydia’s eye for detail had made the day drag on and on. Kira pushed away from the tree to get a closer look. As Lydia stepped back from the camera and motioned Kira to take a peek, goose bumps rose on Kira’s arms. 
“Maybe we should go,” Kira said. “I feel weird.” 
“I think you’re right. It’ll be dark soon anyway.” Lydia released the camera from the tripod and handed it to Kira to place in the backpack, but as Kira opened the bag, she heard a strange noise in the distance. 
“Lydia?” Kira whispered, shoving the camera in the bag and pulling the zipper shut.
“It’s okay, probably just a squirrel or something.” Lydia’s actions said something entirely different. After taking another quick glance through the trees, she tossed her bag over her shoulder, handed Kira the tripod, and motioned for her to walk toward the car. 
More than once Kira caught Lydia looking behind her, but it wasn’t until they were almost to the road that she heard heavy footsteps. She spun around just as a man stepped out from behind a tree. 
From his shoes to the hood pulled over his head he wore solid black, a stark contrast to his pale blue eyes and albino skin. He flashed a sinister grin. 
The tripod slipped from Kira’s hands and fell to the ground with a loud clank. 
“Run!” Lydia yelled as she pushed Kira toward the road, the white roof of the car barely visible through the underbrush. 
Kira spun around and took off toward the car, skidding to a stop a second later when she noticed another man standing a few feet in front of her. He casually picked his fingernails with the tip of a very large switchblade. The wicked grin on his face made the skin on Kira’s arms grow cold and a chill rise up the length of her spine. 
“Going somewhere?” he mocked. His long, stringy blonde hair set him off from his cohort—as did the deep scar that ran from the corner of his mouth to his ear.
Lydia ran full force into Kira’s back, sending them both scrambling for their balance. They clumsily regained their footing and tried to avoid the men by going a different direction, but their pursuers cut them off like a pack of wolves cornering their prey. Kira’s stomach twisted into a massive ball. She should have listened to her instincts. 
“What do you want?” Lydia asked, her voice hard and angry. 
The blonde casually tossed his knife from one hand to the other, as if terrorizing them brought him some kind of satisfaction. His hollow gray eyes held no mercy. Kira was close enough that she could see that now. Whatever the men meant to do was decided.
“Princess Shandira would like a word with you,” the albino said. 
“She’s no princess,” Lydia said, as a tiny click released the plastic buckle on the strap of her pack. The weight of it brushed against Kira’s leg as Lydia lowered it to the ground between their feet. 
“What are you doing?” Kira asked between gritted teeth, her voice barely audible. 
But Lydia didn’t answer. Her next words were meant for the albino. “I’m not going anywhere with you.” 
“What’s he talking about?” Kira asked over her shoulder while keeping the blonde’s movements in her view. Her question mingled with the sudden wail of Lydia’s attacker and the popping and cracking of what she imagined to be breaking bones. Kira turned to see Lydia forcing the man to his knees, his fist grasped tightly in her right hand. Blood oozed from between her fingers. 
The blonde pushed Kira to the ground as he hurried to his partner’s aid. It happened so fast, Kira didn’t think how to react. She simply twisted around and dove for his legs. The knife flew from his grasp and landed a few feet away in the dirt. Unable to reach her with his hands, he kicked Kira loose with a firm thrust of his boot to her ribs. She cried out, grabbed her side and scooted away until her back rested against a stump. 
The man narrowed his eyes at her. The evil she saw in them sent a surge of fear clean through her. She couldn’t move—could barely breathe with the throbbing pain in her side. 
A grunt of frustration rumbled through his chest as he jumped to his feet to retrieve his weapon. When his fingers brushed the handle of the knife, Lydia released a throaty growl. He jerked his head to the side and froze. It was then that Kira noticed the change in Lydia as well.
At first Kira only saw her from behind, but as Lydia’s assailant rolled to the ground, holding his mangled and bloody hand against his body, Lydia turned toward the blonde, giving Kira a side view of her face. The girl standing in front of her was not her friend, but a morphed version of her. 
Lydia had a round face with a little nose, thin lips, and green eyes. This girl’s face was lean and tan, with a slender nose perfectly positioned above full lips. It was as if a sculptor had remolded her features. And her eyes—the color of blue ice—with the same frigid speck of attitude Kira had so often seen hidden behind Lydia’s. 
The girl threw back her shoulders, leaned toward the blonde and extended her hands to coax him closer. “You are next,” she said in a strange accent. The way she rolled her “r” reminded Kira of a cat purring. 
The man snatched the knife from the ground and swung his blade, barely missing the girl’s cheek. 
“Take her down,” the injured albino said as he rolled to his knees and clumsily pushed to his feet. “I’ll get the runt.”
It only took Kira a second to figure out he meant her, but she couldn’t get out of the way fast enough. She ducked her head and waited for him to grab her with his good hand. When he didn’t, she looked up to see the girl shove the blonde to the side and leap into the air, thrusting her right foot into the wounded man’s stomach just a few feet from where Kira cowered. 
Yes! Kira nearly said aloud. She didn’t know who this girl was, but she liked her kick-butt attitude and wished she was more like her. If only she had the courage to join in the fight. The thought made her shrink closer to the ground and brace against the stump. 
 Lydia’s keys landed in Kira’s lap with a thunk. “Kira, get out of here,” the girl yelled, delivering another blow to the crippled man’s hand. He cried out, cradled the bloody mass against his gut, then pushed up with his good arm. 
Before Kira had time to react, the blonde had regained his footing and started toward her. 
“Kira! Go!” the girl yelled as she jumped between them, deflecting another blow with her arm and sweeping his feet out from under him with her leg. He landed flat on his back, a whoosh of air bursting from his lungs. 
The injured man took another quick look at the scene in front of him, mumbled something under his breath, and took off in the direction of the bridge. The blonde stumbled to his feet and brought his knife up, swinging the blade.
Kira screamed.
But not the girl. She took a step toward him, showing no fear. “Only a fool would take me on . . . alone.” 
The man straightened and smiled. “Perhaps you would rather fight Shandira? The odds would be quite different in that battle.” Then he turned and ran after his fleeing partner.
Kira still held the keys in her hand, unable to move and completely mesmerized by the strength of the girl who’d fought two large men on her own. She had to be Lydia—the proof was in her clothes and the thick blonde braid that hung down the length of her back. What threw her was the accent and transformation to the girl’s face—to her eyes. 
“Lydia?” Kira said cautiously. 
The girl’s back was to her when she spoke. “They cannot escape. If word gets back to Shandira . . .” She paused for a moment, as if trying to catch her breath. “Wait for me in the car.” Then she took off after them.
“No!” Kira yelled, then jumped to her feet. She held the keys so tight, they pinched the inside of her hand. She wanted to get as far away as she could, but how could she leave Lydia? How could she just abandon her with those men running around out there? Then Kira remembered the girl’s face and doubt returned. What had she seen? Was it her crazy imagination playing tricks on her mind again? It had to be. She knew the girl was Lydia. Every ounce of her being knew it.
Kira took one more look at the hood of the car through the bushes. Lydia could obviously take care of herself, she’d just seen her fight like a freakin’ ninja. What could Kira possibly do to help? But then she heard a blood-curdling scream that sent chills up the length of her spine. At first she thought it was Lydia, but when it came again it sounded more like the cry of a wild animal.
“Crap!” Kira tucked the keys in her pocket and started toward the bridge. She followed their earlier path, praying one of the men hadn’t circled around to catch her alone. When she entered the small clearing near the creek, she heard a man’s voice cursing and yelling in the distance. Kira swallowed hard, forcing herself to go against that voice in her head that told her to escape, to get as far away from danger as she could. 
Still trembling, Kira managed to make her feet move forward, trying desperately not to think about what she would find or what had made that hideous sound. 


Chapter Four

“Lydia!” 
“Kira, get out of here! Go back!” Lydia’s voice cried out, and relief flooded Kira’s heart. She ignored the warning, crossed the bridge and wound through the overgrown bushes crowding the narrow path. 
“Lydia, where are you?” A long moment passed before Kira caught a glimpse of Lydia’s beige sweater. She pushed a few branches aside to let her through, only to be horrified by the sight. Lydia held her left arm pressed against her blood-soaked side—a bloody knife trembling in her hand. 
“You can’t be here. You have to go back,” Lydia said with a shaky voice. “Take my car to your house and I’ll get it later.”
“Don’t be stupid—I’m not leaving you. You’re hurt.”
“I never should’ve brought you here,” she continued as if Kira hadn’t spoken. “It’s too dangerous. I don’t know what I was thinking. You have to go.” She looked into Kira’s eyes. “You can’t help me. Please, go home.”
When Kira still refused to leave, Lydia finally gave in. She leaned heavily on Kira’s arm for support as they made their way back across the bridge and found a tree stump for Lydia to rest on. Lydia peeled her hand away enough to expose her blood-soaked sweater. 
“Oh, Lydia. We need to get you to the hospital. Do you think you can make it to the car?” Kira stepped closer to help her stand, but Lydia refused.
“No, I can’t go to the hospital.” Tears filled Lydia’s eyes. “You’re gonna be so . . . mad at me. I wanted to tell you. I swear I did.” 
“Mad at you? What are you talking about? This wasn’t your fault.” Kira leaned over and tried to pull Lydia’s arm away to get a better look. “Let go so I can see.” 
Lydia shoved Kira back so hard she almost lost her footing. Lydia’s eyes surged from green to icy-blue and back again. 
“Do not touch me,” Lydia said with that voice that was far from her own. Still holding the knife in her hand, she threw it so the blade stuck in the dirt next to Kira’s foot. The handle wobbled back and forth, vibrating against the rubber sole of her shoe. 
Kira stepped back and sat on a small boulder across from Lydia. Her stomach twisted into knots. Nothing made sense. “What just happened? You’re eyes . . . and back by the car you looked . . . different.”
“I’m sorry,” Lydia said. “You weren’t supposed to see that.” 
“See what?”
Lydia took in a quivering breath before sliding off the stump and onto the ground, resting her back against the weathered bark. She rubbed her forehead with the tips of her fingers. “I don’t have time to explain.” 
Kira’s stomach crept into her throat and the spine chilling sensation she’d felt before returned. “What the hell’s going on, Lydia?”
Lydia reached down the front of her shirt and pulled out her ruby pendant—a family heirloom Kira knew she cherished more than anything else. Lydia closed her eyes and rubbed the stone with her thumb. 
The air around them grew heavy and breathing it in felt like sucking mud through a straw. The skin on Kira’s arms tingled, and thick silence settled around them. Nothing moved, not even the leaves that only seconds before seemed alive in the slight breeze. It was as if she’d been frozen in time—feeling nothing—except for the foreboding sensation that an unfamiliar force had completely consumed her. 
Lydia’s pain-filled expression melted away, leaving relief in its place. She reached out with her free hand and sighed. “Octavion, I should have listened to you. I’m so sorry.” 
A large figure brushed past Kira creating a blast of warm air that knocked her off her rock and onto the ground. The sudden movement lifted the heaviness that surrounded her and returned her senses, but it didn’t erase her fears. She pulled herself up to sit on the rock, cringing when the muscles in her side tensed.
Next to Lydia, a young man knelt on one knee, examining her wound. From the back, he was a vast expanse of lean muscle. He wore dark brown leather pants tucked into a brown pair of boots that went almost to his knees. Thin strips of leather wound around them, cinching them to his calves. His shirt was . . . well, he really wasn’t wearing a shirt, but rather a leather vest that fit snug against his bronzed skin. He didn’t look much older than her, maybe nineteen or twenty.
Kira froze when he rounded on her, the rage in his eyes frightening. She glanced down at the knife sticking out of the ground at her feet and without thinking, plucked it from the dirt, and thrust the trembling blade in his direction. No way was she cowering this time, not with Lydia injured. It was up to her to protect them now.
“Stop!” Lydia screamed. 
Her plea went unanswered as his focus shifted to the bloody weapon, then back to Kira. “You did this?” With one fluid motion, he turned, picked her up by the front of her jacket and slammed her back against a tree, knocking the breath out of her. He took her knife by the blade and pitched it into a nearby stump. With one hand knotted in the folds of her jacket, holding her up, he tightened the other around her throat. 
“Why?” he roared as a rumbling growl escaped his chest. “She trusted you!” The pupils of his deep blue eyes widened to large, round orbs of black surrounded by tiny threads of yellow—like a wild cat. 
Kira opened her mouth to speak, but only a strained gasp came out. Lowering his chin, Octavion brought his cat-like eyes even closer. His warm breath washed over her as she tried to inhale, but the only air she drew in was his scent—a woodsy musk that seemed strangely familiar. 
“Octavion!” Lydia cried. “Put Kira down—it wasn’t her.”
He growled again, only this time it seemed more out of frustration than anger. A lock of chestnut hair fell over his face as he loosened his grip and lowered Kira to the ground. “Do not move.” His voice held the same accent Lydia’s had when she changed.
Kira held her hand to her throat as she tried to catch her breath and make sense of what she’d seen. Too terrified to decipher the confusing thoughts that were bouncing around in her head, the change in his eyes flashed in her mind and she couldn’t shake it. Who was this guy and why wasn’t Lydia afraid of him? She pulled the sides of her jacket together with trembling hands. 
“Who did this to you?” he asked, crouching before Lydia.
“I didn’t recognize them, but they were Shandira’s men—scouts, I think. They came out of nowhere.” Tears trickled down her face. “I lost it. I couldn’t control myself and now she knows where we are.” Her fragile voice changed to a whisper. “Kira saw me . . . transform.”
“If Shandira had our location, she wouldn’t be dispatching scouts—you know this. Which way did they go?” The muscles in his back seemed to swell as he waited for her answer.
“They didn’t go anywhere.” Lydia motioned to the area on the other side of the creek. “But you might want to tie them up.”
He shook his head, his long hair barely brushing the tops of his shoulders. “You are not making my life any easier by fighting them. I am your guardian, remember?” Then he grabbed the huge knife strapped to his side, bolted across the bridge, and behind a thick stand of trees. 
Kira had never seen anyone move so quickly. Before she turned her head to follow his movement, he’d gone. “Lydia. What’s going on, and . . . who was that?” 
“Octavion’s my brother.” 
“Brother? But you told me you’re an only child. And who’s Shandira?”
Lydia hesitated for a moment before answering. “My sister.” 
“Great.” Psycho siblings. Kira’s stomach twisted into a knot. And Kira thought her family life sucked. 
Lydia’s hands no longer pressed against the wound in her side, but lay at rest in her lap. The bloodstain had spread to her jeans and there was no sign of it stopping. If Kira couldn’t take her to the hospital, she’d have to do the next best thing. 
Kira walked to where Octavion threw the knife, and wiggled the blade from the bark. Her fingers slipped around the bloody handle until they found a firm grip. She fought back the bile that rose in her throat and went to Lydia’s side.
“We need to stop the bleeding,” Kira said. “Get mad if you want, but I’m doing this.”
Lydia nodded. 
Kira cut the clean sleeve from Lydia’s sweater, turned it inside out to reveal the smoother fibers, and lifted the shirt just enough to expose the gash in her side. It wasn’t just a small puncture like she’d hoped, but a jagged four-inch gouge that ran just under Lydia’s rib cage. Kira swallowed hard. She wadded the piece of sweater and pressed it firmly against the wound. Lydia cried out, pushing Kira’s arm away. 
“I’m sorry, but we have to stop the bleeding,” Kira said. 
Lydia’s fingers dug into Kira’s skin as she tried to apply more pressure to the makeshift bandage. “Kira, stop,” Lydia begged, just as Octavion came back into view. 
“Do not touch her,” he yelled as he swung his arm in Kira’s direction, brushing her aside. 
The force behind his blow wasn’t heavy, but it caught Kira off guard and she stumbled back, tripped over a tree root and landed against the rock she’d been sitting on. As if stuck in the metal jaws of a vise, her arm caught between it and the forward momentum of her body. She slumped to the ground. The last time she’d been hurt like that was when Paul came home drunk after losing big in a poker game. She couldn’t imagine Lydia being mixed up with a guy like that—brother or not. 
She clenched her fist and bent her arm at the elbow. She didn’t think it was broken, though the pain was almost unbearable. Her instincts told her to run, but how could she leave Lydia? Instead, she scooted closer to the tree to stay out of the way, and cradled her arm against her tender ribs. 
“Jerk,” she mumbled under her breath.
Octavion showed no sign that he’d heard her. He was too busy examining Lydia’s wound again. This time Kira had a better view of his face. His strong chiseled jaw tightened as the crease between his eyes furrowed. “This is deep.” He ran his fingers through his wavy brown hair. “How am I to protect you if you do such foolish things?”
Lydia’s bottom lip quivered. “I’m sorry. You know how she gets. I . . . I’ll be fine, you’ll see.” She gave him a half smile.
Their eyes locked for a long moment before he slipped one arm behind her back and the other under her knees, lifting her from the ground. Lydia relaxed against his chest, then turned her head to look at Kira. 
“He won’t hurt you. Trust him—it’ll be okay.” 
Kira nodded, but inside she questioned everything, especially whether or not Octavion would hurt her. Her throbbing arm already testified to his inability to control his temper. 
Octavion adjusted his hold on Lydia, making her cringe and moan in pain. “Forgive me,” he said. “Are you ready?” 
“Yeah. You’re coming back for her, right?” It was more a request than a question.
“Yes, I am.” His next words were directed to Kira. “You will not move. Do you understand?”
Kira was too afraid to speak, so she just nodded, again. 
Octavion carried Lydia a few feet into the forest then disappeared, leaving a thin white mist in their place. It hung in the air for a few seconds before melting into the cold forest floor. Kira blinked hard, thinking she’d imagined it, but when she heard no footsteps leading away, she pulled herself up from the ground and ordered her legs to move. Regardless of his warning, there was no way she was waiting around for another dose of his temper. 
She turned down the narrow path that led to the car and quickened her step, taking Lydia’s keys from her pocket. The car was in sight. A few more steps and Kira would be on her way home. With the door handle mere inches from her fingers, she heard Octavion swear and the heavy weight of his hand clamped over her shoulder, pulling her back. He spun her around, grabbed her arms, and lifted her to sit on the hood. 
“I told you not to move,” he scolded. 
“Let go of me.” Kira tightened her fingers around the keys and took a swing at him. He caught her fist before it made contact with his face. The keys pinched her hand as his strong grip pressed them into her palm.
“Stop! You’re hurting me.”
He loosened his grip, but didn’t let go. “Calm down and I will release you.”
But Kira wasn’t about to give in. Instead, she started kicking her feet until one connected with his knee. He simply pushed her legs to one side, shoved them against his solid thigh, and held them with the spread of his fingers across her knees. Both of his hands were occupied, but she still had one loose—she doubled her fist and swung at his face again. He ducked and twisted his body just before she hit, sending her knuckles into his rock-hard shoulder. 
“Ouch!” Kira pulled her hand back and tried to shake away the pain. “Why did you do that?”
He raised one brow and grinned. Two deep impressions appeared—one on each cheek—dimples. “You hit me,” he said. “Are you finished?” 
“No!” Kira tried to squirm loose. 
He let go and took a step back, folding his arms in front of his chest. “When you stop acting like a child, I will take you to Lydia.” 
“Just leave me alone.” Kira pushed herself half way across the hood of the car, only to have his strong hand wrap around her arm from behind, pulling her back across the hood and onto the ground. Her feet slid on the gravel and she almost lost her footing, but his hold kept her upright. He leaned forward, pressed her body between his and the side of the car, then brought both her hands in front and held them with one of his.
“Let go. You’re hurting me.” The strength of his grip made her fingers ache. She tried to wiggle free from between the cold metal and glass of the car, and the heat of Octavion’s body, but he just leaned more of his weight on her, making it harder for her to take in air. “Stop!” 
“Kira, I am not trying to hurt you. Be still.” He took the keys out of her hand, slid them into his vest pocket, and readjusted his grip. 
With his free hand, he reached into a pouch that hung from his belt and retrieved a small, brown bottle no bigger than his thumb. He bit down on the cork, pulled it out, and spat it onto the ground, then took in a deep breath. As he brought the bottle up between them, a fine white powder spilled out, distorting her view. He blew the substance into her face, then stepped back. 
Free from the pressure of his body pushing against hers, Kira drew the white powder into her lungs with her first breath. The trees began to sway and her focus blurred right before her knees collapsed out from under her.
Octavion scooped her into his arms. “Close your eyes.” 
“Why? What are you . . . doing?” Kira’s eyes drooped to thin slits as every muscle in her body went limp. She was paralyzed. She felt the warmth of his touch and his strong arms around her, but she couldn’t move. How can that be? She tried to speak again, but now her lips wouldn’t move either. She groaned.
“You are safe with me. Do not fight it, Kira. Close your eyes.” His smooth, deep voice hung in the air like a thick fog as the other sounds around her faded away. She wasn’t sure if it was the warmth of his breath rushing over her or the effects of the powder that made her melt into his arms, but his embrace felt . . . comforting. His natural musk mixed perfectly with the earth and pine of the mountain. The combination engulfed her senses. She closed her eyes and took it in.
Octavion’s arms stiffened and a horrible roaring sound filled her ears. It felt as though they were sucked through a tunnel, racing between its cold stone wall and a speeding train. It only lasted a few seconds, but the effect left her gasping and fighting for her next breath. A strange, floating feeling came over her as the stale air she tried to bring into her lungs turned fresh and clean. She inhaled deeply. 
“You can open your eyes now,” Octavion said. 
Kira forced her eyelids to part, blinking several times until her eyes focused. He stood in the center of a thick grove of trees, their branches so dense the area was almost completely enclosed. In the middle, a fire crackled, surrounded by several large rocks. The tiny flames licked at the night air, sending sparks into the sky. 
Octavion lowered her to rest on something soft. “You must stay here.” 
Kira still felt a little dizzy—her eyes moving in and out of focus—but the movement in her fingers and hands had returned, so she tried her voice. “What did you . . . do to me?” 
“The effects of the V’Larian will wear off soon. Can I trust you to stay here or shall I bind you to that rotten log?” He motioned behind her, but she didn’t look. She couldn’t have moved anyway.
“I’ll stay, but . . . you said I could see Lydia.”
“It will be easier on both of you if you stay here for now. You are safe here. I will come for you soon.” Then he walked across the clearing and into the shadows of the forest.




Chapter Five

Octavion discarded Lydia’s bloody clothes near the cave entrance and helped her slip into one of his long, white tunics. He rolled up the sleeves so she had more freedom to move her hands. 
“Is that better?” he asked, while dabbing her forehead with a damp cloth.
“Yeah.” She moaned as she tried to adjust her position under the wool blanket. “What are you gonna do?”
He sat back on his heels and ran his fingers through his hair. “I do not think we have a choice. I know of only one way to heal this wound.”
“What do you mean? You know if I go to the hospital, they’ll find me.”
He looked into his sister’s eyes and tried not to show the emotion that was seeping from his heart. There was only one way to save his sister’s life without putting her in more danger. And she wasn’t going to like it. He didn’t like it. 
Lydia’s eyes widened with sudden realization. “No! You can’t!” She grasped Octavion’s wrist and pushed the cloth away from her face. “Promise me you won’t involve Kira. Give me your word.” The outburst seemed to draw all the energy from her at once. She let her hand fall to her side. Tears welled up in her swollen eyes. “I would rather die than live with the guilt—”
“I took an oath to protect you, even if that means another’s death.” His words sounded harsh, even to him. But he had no choice. If he was to save his sister, he’d have to use every means necessary, even if that meant the death of her friend. The very thought made his heart twist and his stomach wretch. He’d have to keep his feelings for Kira in check or he’d never be able to do this. 
Octavion dropped the cloth into the washbasin and used the flame from one candle to light two more. He stood and went to the table across from where Lydia lay. He’d retrieved clean linens from a trunk in the back of the cave and used a combination of herbs to make a poultice to help stop the bleeding. So far it hadn’t helped much. 
He scanned the shelves of multi-colored bottles before him, but nothing would help heal a gaping knife wound. He’d never felt more helpless. He glanced back at his sister with her pale features and dark eyes. She was running out of time. If he didn’t do something soon, she would surely die.





Chapter Six

Octavion was right about the paralysis. It only took a few minutes for Kira to regain the full movement of her limbs and push to a sitting position. Covering the ground beneath her was a large animal skin she guessed to be bear. She ran her fingers through the long, dark fur, finding comfort in the way the warmth of the fire soaked to its depths and took away the chill. She rubbed her eyes, then gathered her hair to one side and swept her fingers through several strands, littering her jeans with the tiny pieces of leaves and pine needles that had caught in her tangled hair.
The slight evening breeze shifted, sending a puff of smoke into her face. She pulled the neck of her T-shirt over her nose, then let the fabric fall away when the air cleared. She blinked hard to keep the remaining haze from burning her eyes. Unfortunately, it did nothing to snuff out the questions that smoldered inside her head. 
How could she have known Lydia for two years and not known about her family? Not only did Lydia have a brother with the temperament of a pit bull, but a sister who obviously meant to do her harm. And then there was her face, the change in her voice, and her strength. No wonder she could climb that stupid rope. 
As the questions continued to plague her, a log shifted in the fire pit, sending sparks in her direction. She jumped to her feet, shook out her hair, and brushed her hands down the front of her clothes to make sure stray embers hadn’t burrowed through to singe her skin. Her sudden movement triggered something in the trees to stir as well. 
Kira stepped to the other side of the fire, leaving the flames between her and whatever had made the noise. Reaching down, she took a large branch in her hand to use as a weapon. Nothing came. Instead, there was silence and an uneasy feeling she was being watched.
She looked over her shoulder in the direction Octavion had gone and seriously considered following, but the uncertainty of what she would find kept her feet in place—at least for the moment. She changed her mind when she heard Lydia’s eerie scream. It sounded as though she yelled into a wooden barrel or bucket—a chilling cry that sent Kira searching for the source. By the time she reached the edge of the clearing, she’d dismissed any thoughts of who or what may be watching her. 
Another muffled scream drew her deeper into the forest, squinting to find her way. She hadn’t gone far when she came to a large outcropping of boulders jutting from the side of the mountain. She ran her hand along its smooth surface as she made her way around the formation—each jagged crevice marking her progress like notches carved into a stick. Her pulse quickened with each step. 
And then she heard it. A low rumbling growl came from behind her. She turned, pressing her back against the solid stone wall. 
Another growl. She tightened her grip around her primitive weapon, grateful she hadn’t left the hefty branch by the fire. 
Ten feet in front of her, a white Bengal tiger strode out of the forest—its long fur shone bright white against the black night. The beast let out a ferocious roar, bearing a giant maw filled with razor-sharp teeth. Kira tried to scream, but fear seized her throat, letting only a high-pitched squeal escape. 
The wild cat stepped closer as another long, deep growl vibrated through the ground and into Kira’s chest. Its piercing blue eyes locked on hers. Another step brought it within arms’ reach. Gripping her branch with both hands, she held it between her and the beast. The tiger reacted by jerking its head to the side and letting out another roar. Her branch gave it no fear; only increased its anger. She lowered the useless chunk of wood, but she couldn’t make herself drop it and to admit defeat so easily. 
One more step and Kira felt the warmth of the tiger’s breath on her face. When the giant cat peeled back its upper lip in a snarl, she leaned her head against the rock and turned away. She knew it sensed her fear, but she couldn’t run. She couldn’t move. All she could do was pray she’d pass out before its powerful jaws ripped her in two. 
“Down, Toran!” Octavion commanded as he came into view. Kira brought her weapon back up for protection—this time from Octavion. 
Toran gave her a look she could only translate as a warning before he casually rambled toward the sound of Lydia’s pain-filled moans. 
Now safe from the tiger, Kira feared Octavion’s wrath. She moved away from the rocks and took a swing at him with her branch. “Get away from me,” she yelled, still trying to steady her trembling hands. 
“You said you would stay by the fire. Toran should have kept you there.”
“Kept me there? That monster is your pet?”
“Toran is no monster and he is certainly not my pet.” He took one leap, grabbed her stick, and tossed it against a rock—splintering it into kindling. Kira cowered to the ground and pushed her back against the boulders, drawing her knees under her chin. She was no match for his temper. She knew that all too well.
Octavion paced in front of her. The constant slap of his boots on the dirt sent little puffs of dust into the air until she felt the grit of it on her lips. She brushed it away with the back of her hand. Her heart had just begun regaining its normal rhythm when Octavion let out a thunderous roar—striking the boulder at her side with so much force it sent bits of dirt and gravel raining down. 
Kira screamed. 
Fearing she would be next, she threw her arms over her head. When the blow didn’t come and the forest grew silent, she opened her eyes to find Octavion crouched in front of her.
“Forgive me.” His deep blue eyes fixed on hers. “My concern for my sister has tarnished my . . . behavior. I would never hurt you, Kira. I am angry at myself, not you.” 
Kira had barely held her emotions together until that moment, but his sudden kindness lowered her restraint and she couldn’t hold them back anymore. Her eyes burned as tears trickled down her cheeks. 
Octavion’s expression softened. He leaned closer, softly brushing the moisture from her face with the back of his hand. 
“I heard her . . . screaming.” Kira stifled a sob. 
As if on cue, Lydia’s painful whimper gripped Kira’s heart. She tried to stand, but Octavion pressed a hand to her shoulder, guiding her back to the ground. 
“Not yet,” he said. “We need to talk first.”
“Talk? She needs a doctor. Why can’t you see that? You have to help—“ 
“There are things you do not understand.” He cut her off. 
“You’re right, there is. Like, who were those guys, and why didn’t you come to our rescue? Didn’t you hear Lydia scream?”
“No, I was too far away.”
“That’s not true. You showed up not two minutes after it happened.” Kira flipped her long auburn hair behind her shoulder. “It’s your fault Lydia was injured and it will be your fault when she dies if you don’t take her to the hospital.”
“Perhaps you are right about this being my fault, but you must trust my decision to keep her here—to tend to her wounds in my own way.” 
“Trust you? I don’t even know you and from what I’ve seen, you’re an ani. . .” 
His sudden scowl stopped Kira’s words. “Animal?” he asked, finishing her sentence. The muscles in his jaw tightened as his fingers clenched into fists. 
“Look, I didn’t mean it like that . . . it’s just . . . she needs help.”
Octavion stood and took a step back. “Do you think I would let her suffer intentionally? She is my sister and I have taken an oath to protect her at all costs. I have tried all I know to lessen her pain, but it is not enough.”
“What do you mean . . . not enough?”
“Come with me.” He extended his hand to help her stand.
Kira tucked her fingers into her palms and buried them in her jacket pockets. No way was she going with him. And there was no way in hell she’d trust him. But then there was something in his eyes that caught her attention—a flicker of truth and sincerity. She thought for a moment about what Lydia would want her to do. He was Lydia’s brother, after all. And Lydia obviously trusted him. 
“Please, Kira. I will not hurt you.” 
Kira hesitated for a few more seconds before pulling her hand out of her pocket. As she laid her hand in his, she was finally able to grasp the enormous difference of its size compared to hers. Even though he was gentle, she still felt the strength of his fingers as he helped her from the ground and pressed his hand on the small of her back to guide her toward the fire. Another series of moans coming from behind them caused Kira to stop and look over her shoulder.
“I want to see Lydia,” she said. 
The pressure he placed on her back increased, urging her to continue in the direction of the clearing and away from Lydia. She pulled her hand free and stepped off to one side. 
“I said I want to see Lydia.” They’d gone far enough that the glow of the fire was more prominent, silhouetting the trees and causing a faint spark to highlight Octavion’s eyes. She gazed into them, trying to read his intentions like she’d done with a thousand other eyes, but all she saw this time was her own reflection.
“She is not the Lydia you know,” he said. “There are many things about us you will not understand and I need to explain them first.”
“She’s my friend. I don’t care about the rest. Just let me see her—maybe there’s something I can do to help. Please,” Kira added for good measure. Then she stepped closer and did something that took all her courage. She placed her hand back in his. She wanted to show him that she trusted him, even if she still wasn’t sure herself. “I need to see her.”
His focus shifted to the simple embrace of her hand, then back to her eyes. He gently tightened his fingers around her palm and sighed in surrender. “Then I shall allow it.” He turned back the way they’d come and led Kira deeper into the forest and around the massive boulders.
As Kira’s eyes adjusted to the increased darkness, a sliver of light appeared. Its subtle glow seeped through a large crevice in the rocks and created an eerie streak across the earthen floor. Octavion dropped her hand and motioned for her to follow him through an opening in the boulder barely large enough for one person. They’d only taken a few steps when the mountainside opened into a large cave. Most of it was lost in the darkness, but a few candles burned off to one side, lighting an area where Lydia lay next to the white tiger, whose eyes followed Kira’s every move. 
Octavion nodded for her to go closer. “Toran will not hurt you. He is gentle—like a house cat.”
Yeah, right, Kira thought while visualizing the oversized house cat eating a mouse—which was exactly what she felt like. Toran lay between Lydia and the wall of the cave, so Kira took the other side, and knelt next to her. 
Lydia lay on a pile of animal pelts. A thick, wool blanket drawn up under her arms revealed the top of an unusual looking white blouse, her sparkling ruby necklace barely visible between the unlaced pieces of fabric. Her hair lay askew around her head on an embroidered pillowcase like waves of honey being poured out of a bottle. But her face was far from healthy, taking on a ghost-like pallor that bordered on death. 
“Lydia,” Kira whispered, taking her hand.
Lydia moaned, then opened her eyes just enough to reveal their dull gleam. Even the glow of the candles gave them no life. But then she looked at Kira and the corners of her mouth twitched in to a brief smile.
Kira leaned closer and made a frail attempt to smile back. “Hey, you.” 
Lydia swallowed hard and licked her dry lips. She opened her mouth as if trying to speak, but nothing came out. Instead, she pressed her hand against her side and cried out. Toran adjusted his position and laid his head across her thighs, which seemed to calm her a bit.
“What’s he doing?” Kira asked. 
Octavion circled around to the other side and knelt next to Toran, burying his left hand in the tiger’s fur. “Toran has a gift. He can take pain, actually feel it for her. He is making it easier.” 
“Take her pain?” The hairs on the back of Kira’s neck pricked her skin. For the first time in her life, she didn’t think she was the craziest person in the room—or cave. There had to be a logical explanation. But before she could ask, Lydia’s eyes fluttered open and she began to move around.
“Octavion,” Lydia whispered. “Don’t . . . do this.” 
A small wooden crate sat near Lydia’s head where three flat rocks served as a pedestal for a metal washbasin. In the middle, just an inch or so under the basin, sat a single candle, the flame warming the water. Octavion rung the excess liquid from a cloth and washed the beads of sweat from Lydia’s forehead. 
“Be still,” he said, his voice soft and comforting.
“Please,” she said. Her request was barely audible, but the intensity of her emotion tugged at Kira’s heart. Lydia grabbed Octavion’s hand, pulling it away from her face. “Promise.”
Octavion’s brow furrowed as if he were the one in pain. “I made a vow to protect you. You cannot ask me to go against that.” He pried her fingers loose from his hand and lay them at her side. 
“What’s she talking about?” 
Octavion didn’t answer at first. He watched as his sister closed her eyes and drifted back to sleep. With his voice full of emotion, he whispered, “She is dying.” He dabbed the moisture from Lydia’s face and neck. “Her body is already beginning to warm with fever, and with the swelling in her abdomen . . . I believe she is bleeding within. Even if I had the power to heal the flesh wound, it would do nothing for that which will take her life.” He took in a deep breath and let it out slow. “She knows this and has asked me to take you home, to help you forget.”
“What do you mean, help me forget? I’m not going anywhere. We have to do something. If we take her to the hospital, they can stop the bleeding and fix it. You can’t just let her suffer like this.” She grabbed his arm, forcing him to look at her. “If you think I’m just gonna sit here and let her die, you’re out of your freakin’ mind.” 
Octavion jerked his arm out of her grasp. “You do not understand. We are of royal blood, and it is different than yours. There would be questions. I cannot risk putting us in more danger.”
“Danger? How much more danger can she be in? You just said she’s gonna die. To hell with your stupid blood! If you’re not willing to go for help, I am.” 
He tossed the cloth into the washbasin, making the water splash over the edge, dousing one of the candles and spilling wax on the box. “There are things you do not know about us.” He stood and paced the cavernous room. “We have enemies who seek our lives. If word of her injury has trickled back to them, they will be watching the hospitals. I have not yet questioned the men who did this, nor found out what information they have. Until then, we must be cautious.”
“You mean they’re still out there? I thought you took care of them.” 
“I merely bound them. My priority is with my sister. I will deal with them later.”
“You mean kill them.” The second the words escaped her mouth, Kira finally realized the magnitude of the situation she was in. Was he capable of killing someone? Could he kill her? 
“No!” he shouted. He stopped pacing just long enough to let out a huff of air, then continued pounding his feet onto the dirt. “I do not have time to explain this. She will stay here, and we will not speak of this again.”
Kira didn’t bother to answer. She glared at Octavion, then turned her full attention to Lydia by pulling the blanket back to examine the wound for herself. The piece of cloth that covered it held pieces of crushed herbs and stains from a yellow liquid—an herbal poultice, Octavion explained between his constant mumbling, most of which she couldn’t make out. 
The poultice stopped the bleeding, but the gash was deep and a larger area just below it was distended, further proof of her internal bleeding. She replaced the poultice and turned to Octavion again. 
“We have to get help.” 
“I agree, but there is only one way I know and she has forbidden it. She has told me she would rather die.” He reached into the leather pouch fastened to his belt and pulled out a small vial and two white stones, holding them up for Kira to see. “I will use these on your attackers to erase their memories. She wants me to do the same to you, to erase every memory of her. It will be as if you never met.” 
Kira instinctively brought the fingertips of her left hand to her temple. Was she dreaming? Was any of this real? “How is that possible?”
“I told you, there are things you do not understand about us. Things you will not think possible.” 
“That’s what she asked you to promise?” No way was she letting him touch her with those things. Her memory was hers to keep, not his to take away. Not even Lydia had that right.
Lydia’s painful moan interrupted them. 
Octavion went to her side, pulled the blanket up under her chin, then brushed a tear from her face. “If I do as she wishes, she will surely die.”
“Octavion . . . please . . . take her home.” Lydia thrashed about, then grabbed her side. Her facial features suddenly changed to those of the girl Kira saw earlier, then back to Lydia’s. In the middle of the transformation, Lydia let out another blood-curdling scream, then collapsed against the pillow and blacked out.
Kira stood and stepped back, shaking her head in disbelief. This was not her imagination. She was sure this time. “What’s happening to her?” The sudden movement from standing so quickly made her head spin and the blood to rush from her face. She tried to steady herself, but found nothing to grab. How did I get here?
Octavion jumped to his feet and caught her by the arm just as her knees buckled. He guided her to a small wooden bench on the other side of the cave. “Do not be frightened. Lydia is fighting with her kindred spirit and it can be painful.”
Kira pinched the bridge of her nose. “What? What do you mean ‘kindred spirit’?” 
A look of frustration crossed his face as if he’d said more than he intended. “It is not my place to say.” He retrieved one of the candles near Lydia to ignite three more on a table beside them. The light illuminated more of the cave, revealing a set of large shelves. On one side were old books and papers, all dusty, with tattered edges. A collection of tiny colored bottles and wooden boxes were neatly arranged on the others. These shelves were well kempt as was the table in front of them, where several ingredients lay next to a small stack of clean linens—makings for Lydia’s poultice, Kira guessed.
“What are those?” she asked, pointing to the colorful display.
“I am an alchemist.” 
“A what?”
Octavion growled. “An alchemist.” He drew the syllables out as if he were pronouncing it to a two year old. Clearly frustrated by her naivety, he turned away and continued with his explanation as he sorted through a few of the bottles. “I have many gifts afforded me by my heritage, one of which allows me the skill of knowing the healing qualities of many plants, herbs, and metals. I have studied with the masters in my homeland and read many books. Some of these containers are filled with very powerful tinctures and remedies, while others are dangerous poisons.”
Kira glanced over at Lydia’s frail body. Dark circles had formed under her eyes and her breathing seemed labored. “So, one of these can cure her, then?”
“No. It will take more than that.” Octavion took a small box from one of the shelves. Inside was a black satin bag. He carefully loosened the string at one end and poured something into the palm of his hand.
“This is a healing charm,” he said, opening his hand for Kira to see. 
She blinked hard and leaned closer. He’d already placed his hand inches from her face, so now she was practically nose to palm. His hand was empty. She straightened and gave an over-exaggerated sigh. “There’s nothing there.” 
His eyes shifted to his palm before refocusing on her face. He looked at her curiously. “You cannot see it?” 
“See what?” 
His brow creased with frustration as he took her hand and pressed her fingertips to the center of his palm. When he let go, she kept her fingers there, rubbing them across what felt like a tiny metal snake coiled in his hand. It was icy to the touch. She pulled her hand back.
“But how can that be?” she asked. “Why can’t I see it?”
“I am not certain. Let me try something.” He drew his fingers through a small section of her hair, letting it all fall away except for a single strand. The brush of his skin against her face made her shudder. 
“May I?” he asked. 
She nodded.
He plucked the hair from her scalp, then picked up the invisible healing charm and twisted her hair around it. At first, she saw nothing, but when he held it in the candlelight, it slowly came into view. It looked like a silver bracelet, but when Kira looked closer she realized it had no clasp. Instead the ends were frayed like the end of a rope. The chain wasn’t really a chain, either—it was more like a solid stream of liquid silver—and the strand of her hair had disappeared. He laid the bracelet back in his palm and held it out again. It seemed to move on its own, settling into the creases of his hand.
She wanted to touch it, but seeing it move like that made her think her imagination had taken over again. She quickly drew back when he brought it closer to her face. 
“It will not hurt you,” Octavion said.
Kira took a deep breath and pinched the silver material between two fingers. This time it warmed to her touch. 
“It’s beautiful, but how does it work?” she asked, letting it fall back into his hand.
“My mother was a visionary and a healer. When she died, my father kept a lock of her hair. This bracelet was made from several of those strands, along with one of my sister’s. It was meant to serve as a divining tool to locate Lydia if she got in trouble, but we later found it had healing qualities. It must be worn by someone not of royal blood—a commoner.” He motioned toward Kira. 
Again with the stupid blood. “You mean me, don’t you?” 
“That was my hope.”
“But that still doesn’t tell me how it works or how something like this even exists. Where did you get it? Who was your mother, and why do you keep talking about your blood?”
“Octavion,” Lydia’s frail voice barely carried across the small space. She’d been stirring slightly, and now her eyes opened to thin slits. She blinked hard, as if trying to focus. Octavion laid the healing charm on the black bag and went to her side. He adjusted her blanket and stroked the side of her face, trying to comfort her. 
“I won’t lose . . . another . . . friend,” she managed between each breath.
“Tell me what else to do, Lydia. I cannot watch you die like this. I cannot face our father and tell him I failed to keep you safe.” 
“Please. I would . . . rather die than—” 
“You don’t mean that.” He sat back on his heels and ran his fingers through his hair. 
“I don’t understand,” Kira said. “If this charm will somehow save her life, and it will work on me, why won’t she let me help?” 
“This is not the first time my sister has been severely injured . . . and you are not the first friend asked to be the Crystor’s keeper.”
Kira glanced over to the tiny strand of silver, now lying motionless. The Crystor. She had so many questions, so many doubts about everything she’d seen and heard, but all she could think about was getting help for Lydia. “What happened to her other friend?” A lump swelled in her throat as she waited for him to answer, but deep inside, she already knew. 
“It happened before we came here. Serena . . .” He paused and looked away for a moment. “When she healed Lydia . . . her life ended.”





Chapter Seven

Kira pressed her fingertips to her forehead and tried to rub away the dizziness that had returned. That’s why Lydia wanted her to go home. Lydia knew exactly what Octavion had in mind—that he’d convince Kira to help save his sister’s life and die in the process. Instead, Lydia was willing to sacrifice her life to prevent Kira from risking death.
“If I do this, will she live?” Kira asked. 
“Yes.”
The next question was harder and she wasn’t sure she wanted to ask it. She took in a quivering breath. “And I will die?” 
Octavion lowered his eyes to where he held Lydia’s hand, tenderly running his thumb across her knuckles. “I am not certain. I was with Serena when she healed Lydia and she felt great pain, but then I had to leave her. My place was with my sister and seeing to her safety. Later, my father brought me the news of Serena’s death, saying she had a weak heart.” He paused for a long moment, as if reliving the scene in his mind. “It will be dangerous, that I do know.”
Great pain. Death. 
Kira looked at the Crystor again. If this was Lydia’s only chance, could she tell her no? Could she sit here and watch her friend die. “I don’t have a weak heart, so I should be okay, right?” She swallowed hard, trying not to think about what could actually happen if she decided to do this. It didn’t help. This could mean the end of her plans for her future—her dreams. Her life. This one decision could end all that, not to mention the pain it would bring her mother if she died in the process. A sinking feeling crept into her heart. This wasn’t a dream, but a nightmare.
Before he answered, Lydia began thrashing around again. This time, her screaming sent Toran scrambling to the other side of the cave. He collapsed in the dirt, obviously spent from taking most of her pain. The full force of Lydia’s injury came crashing down as she grabbed her side and let out another pain-filled moan. 
Octavion drew her into his arms. “Altaria, please. Stop fighting her. You might be able to help.” 
When Lydia pushed Octavion away and lay back on the animal pelts, her face was no longer her own. Once again her eyes were the color of blue ice, piercing the subtle glow from the candlelight with their beauty and fury. There was no weakness in her facial expression as she scowled at her brother with the same hostility she’d shown her attackers.
She took a fistful of his vest in her hand and pulled him closer. “Don’t let me die, Octavion.” 
Lydia’s kindred spirit—Altaria, he’d called her. The stark difference in the person Kira saw now and the Lydia she knew was startling. It wasn’t just the change in her appearance, but her attitude was different as well. Kira tried not to think about how all this was possible, how one person could really be two. 
“I won’t,” Octavion said. “But what you are asking . . . are you willing to live with the consequences? You know how much Lydia values this friendship.” 
“I care nothing for this . . . commoner,” she said. “But I would rather spend eternity locked in this body than . . . join the gods of Lor.” She tried to sit up, but Octavion held her in place by putting gentle pressure to her shoulders.
“So she holds your freedom over your head. She is a smart one.” Octavion let go and pulled the blanket back to check her wound. He removed the poultice to find it soaked with blood. 
“Altaria, you have reopened the wound. Stop moving about.” He growled.
The entire altercation had mingled with Kira’s thoughts about Lydia and their friendship. Kira didn’t know this strange girl who obviously hated her, and she certainly didn’t know Octavion. But somewhere in their exchange, Lydia struggled to live, despite her willingness to sacrifice her life.
Kira didn’t want this decision to be anyone’s but hers. If she risked her life to save the only true friend she’d ever known, then it wouldn’t be forced on her—not even at the point of Octavion’s knife. Not that she thought it would come to that, but then . . . she still wasn’t sure how much she could trust him.
Trembling, Kira picked up the Crystor and held it in her hand. The chill it brought while coiled in her palm sent a shiver up her arm, as if its powers already seeped into her skin. When Octavion held it, the charm simply settled into the creases of his hand, then stopped, perfectly satisfied with being still, its silver remaining vibrant and cool. But in Kira’s hand, it seemed restless—as if it searched for something to cling to, changing from silver to red, then to a shimmering light blue. She closed her fingers around it in hopes it would relax, but instead, it warmed, sending a spark up the length of her arm and into her head. She cried out when the pain met the base of her skull.
“Kira, no!” Octavion yelled, his gaze locked on the tiny strand of silver that crept out from under Kira’s fingertips and found its place around her wrist. Both ends unraveled into several fine silver threads that came to life, seeking out the other until the bracelet intertwined the two ends together and tightened, leaving barely a finger’s width between it and her skin. 
An instant later, Octavion cradled her against his chest—more gently than she would have ever thought possible. But it gave little comfort and no relief to the pain.
Kira felt as though ice raced through her veins as the skin around her wrist burned cold. The tiny sparks she’d felt before exploded like bolts of lightning, shooting up her arm and radiating throughout her entire body. Her muscles ached and her head felt as though her skull had been crushed. 
As Kira’s body began to shake uncontrollably, a second surge of pain rippled through her, this time radiating out through the tips of her fingers. She pushed Octavion away, thinking his embrace was what had caused it. She clenched her fists and drew them into her stomach, hoping the pressure of her body would help ease the pain. Instead, it only worsened. She gasped a ragged breath, then fell forward onto her knees.
“Help me. I . . . can’t make it . . . stop.”
Octavion lifted her chin with his fingers. “Kira, I need to see your eyes.”
She tried to obey, but even the tiny bit of light from the candles caused searing pain. “I can’t.”
He took her face in his hands. “Yes, you can. Try taking deep breaths. Focus on the pain and will it away.”
At first, she fought him, trying to pull his hands away from her face, but then she felt their warmth easing the pain in her head. She took in a deep breath and let it out slowly. He was right. With each breath, the intensity seemed to lessen.
“Again,” he ordered.
She gripped his massive shoulders to steady herself and tried again. This time, the warmth coming from his hands not only took the pain, but replaced it with a strange feeling of euphoria. It was as though she floated on a cloud. She tried opening her eyes again, surprised at what she saw. The look of concern on Octavion’s face mirrored the one he’d given his sister. And for the first time since meeting him, she could read his eyes. He cared for her—a lot. It didn’t make sense. If he was so eager to sacrifice her life to save Lydia’s, why the concern?
Octavion searched Kira’s eyes for a moment, then sighed deeply. “Are you well now?” 
“I think so. You didn’t say that part would hurt, only when I healed.”
He shook his head. “I did not know. When I bound Serena to my sister, she did not feel pain, and the Crystor did not change color or move on its own.”
Octavion stood and helped Kira to sit on the bench. He took her right hand, pushed up the sleeve of her jacket, and examined her wrist. It still held a faint red mark where she’d first felt it burn. He brushed it with the tip of his finger. “Perhaps its powers are stronger than before.”
Amidst the commotion, Altaria had switched back to Lydia and managed to push herself to her knees, using the crate for support. She clumsily stood, knocking the water basin onto the ground and splashing both Octavion and Kira. 
Octavion jumped back. “Blessed Zi’ah, Lydia! What are you doing?”
She leaned over, holding her side. Fresh blood soaked her oversized shirt. She glanced at the cave opening before turning back to find her brother’s questioning eyes. 
“Releasing you from your obligation,” she whispered. Then she simply faded away, leaving a fine white mist in her place.





Chapter Eight

Octavion dove at Altaria as she disappeared, splitting the glowing mist of her wake. He plowed into the crate, shattering it before extinguishing the one remaining candle with the weight of his body. He landed hard in the rubble, let out a fierce roar, then knocked the splintered pieces of wood out of the way and jumped to his feet.
Kira stared at the place where Lydia once stood, trying to figure out what happened. “How did she do that?” When they’d disappeared in the forest, she thought it was her imagination, but this time she knew what she saw was real. Lydia had simply vanished. “Where did she go? W . . . why did she leave?” Kira asked, her voice cracking on the last word.
Octavion took Kira’s arm and yanked her to her feet. “To save your life,” he said as he pulled her toward the opening. The instant they were free from the cave, he tightened his grip on her arm and broke out into a run—taking one step to her three.
“Where are you taking me?” she yelled, digging the soles of her shoes in the dirt. She pulled back on her arm, trying to get free. “Octavion, stop!” 
“We must find her. She cannot be far. She had little strength left.” He increased his speed, almost dragging her behind him.
“Stop!” she pleaded. “I can’t go this fast. You’re hurting my arm.”
Without missing a step, he pulled her to his side, swung her around in front of him and hoisted her up over his shoulder, clamping a strong arm around the back of her thighs. As Kira struggled to hang on, he increased his speed, darting between trees and over obstacles that stood in his way. The only thing keeping her from bouncing off his shoulder was the death grip she had on the back of his leather vest.
Kira. 
Lydia’s voice seeped into Kira’s mind, invading her thoughts. A memory? But it was so clear, as if Lydia had whispered it in her ear. Kira tried to concentrate on where it came from, but the pounding of Octavion’s footsteps vibrating through her head made it impossible. 
Kira, please go back! 
The voice seemed more urgent this time and now Kira was sure—it was in her head. She really was crazy. 
“Octavion! Please, put me down. Something’s wrong,” Kira begged, but he only increased his speed, this time making their surroundings appear as a solid wall of pine bark and vegetation. 
“Stop!” she yelled, but he still paid no attention. 
Pulling up the back of his vest, Kira exposed his rippling muscles and skin. With all her strength, she dug her nails into his flesh and drew them upward. “Put. Me. Down!” 
Octavion cursed in his foreign tongue as he arched his back and slowed. Kira straightened her torso, pushed away from his shoulder, and forced her knee into his ribs. He released his grip on her legs and tossed her through the air. She nearly hit a tree, landing in the dirt, square on her butt.
His eyes were on fire—yellow taking over the darkness of the blue. Kira jumped to her feet just in time to get out of his way. When he turned toward her again, she spun around to run, but he grabbed her arm and twisted her to face him instead.
“Stop it!” she begged. “This stupid bracelet did something to my head. I can hear her.” 
Kira’s words froze him in place. “You hear her?” He brought his face down to meet hers and tightened his grip on her arm. “Where is she?”
“I don’t know. But she’s calling my name.” 
He scanned the forest. “I hear nothing. I have no time for games.” His jaw tightened as he let out a rumbling noise that seemed to come from his gut. 
“Idiot!” she yelled, trying to break loose. “I can hear her voice in here.” She tapped the side of her head with her index finger.
He released her and took a step back, understanding making his eyes widen. “You can hear her thoughts?” He rubbed his forehead with the tips of his fingers. “If you can hear her, perhaps you can sense her presence as well.”
Kira, no. The voice was barely a whisper.
Octavion stepped closer and this time took her gently by the arms. “You need to concentrate. We must find her before it is too late.” 
Kira pushed him away. She felt nauseated and a bit disoriented as images of Lydia flashed through her mind. Lydia lay on the ground, her eyes staring at the star-filled sky—she wasn’t moving. She saw herself standing over Lydia—then she became her, feeling part of Lydia’s pain, hearing the sounds Lydia heard and sensing Kira’s own presence just through the trees. Kira followed her instincts, memorizing each minute detail of the pathway between them until she stood next to herself, Octavion in front of her. She took in a deep, quivering breath and shook off the vision. 
“I know where she is.” Kira followed the path she’d memorized only seconds before, Octavion’s heavy footsteps trailing behind her. She had only the glow of the crescent moon and stars to light her path, but she sensed every rock and twig in her way, stepping over and around each obstacle that stood between her and Lydia. When Lydia came into view, Kira stopped and collapsed to the ground. She was as Kira had seen her in her mind—motionless—except her eyes were closed. 
Octavion flew past Kira, falling to his knees by Lydia’s side. “No!” His voice echoed through the trees, causing an explosion of tiny birds to take to the sky. He pulled her listless body into his arms and held her close. 
They were too late. 
Octavion’s body shook with each gut wrenching sob. Kira envied the love he had for his sister. She’d never seen anyone love like that, to be willing to sacrifice everything for one person and spend their life protecting them as though nothing else in the world mattered. She’d never allowed herself to hope for that in her own life, not even from her mother. 
She was so numb with grief that for a brief moment, she let herself wonder what it would be like to have Octavion love her like that—willing to protect her and risk everything to keep her safe. 
She was suddenly drawn into her own fantasy—his warm embrace, seeing herself in the reflection of his deep blue eyes—and his smile, the way he raised one brow while the tiniest smirk bore dimples into the hollow of his cheeks. The tenderness of his touch as he brushed her tears away. She longed to be seen through the eyes of someone who was capable of loving like that. 
When Octavion called out Lydia’s name and pledged his revenge to the heavens, Kira clamped her hands over her ears and closed her tear-filled eyes. She’d seen things she could never explain, felt things she’d never comprehend—but now in the cold darkness of this place, it was all for nothing. Kira’s stomach twisted into a knot as images flooded her mind again—memories of Lydia and the times they’d spent together—each marking significant milestones in their friendship. The thought of a life without Lydia tore at Kira’s heart. 
Lydia, I’m so sorry. Kira had barely thought the words when Lydia’s voice echoed through her mind again.
Kira.
Resisting the memory of Lydia’s voice, Kira pulled her legs up and begged it to go away, to give her some peace from her sorrow. A few seconds passed before a voice came again, only this time it wasn’t Lydia. It held the accent of her kindred spirit—Altaria.
Save her! 
Kira searched the tree line, but the scene before her hadn’t changed. No mysterious girl. No magical beast to take away the pain. She forced the thoughts from her mind and wiped her tears. What if she was wrong? What if there was still hope? 
“Go now!” 
Altaria’s words rocked Kira to the core. She pushed forward onto her knees and struggled to gain her balance and stand. “Octavion!” she yelled as she ran to his side. Her call went unanswered. As she grabbed his arm to get his attention, he turned on her, grabbed the front of her jacket, and held her a few inches away in his shaking fist.
“Leave us.” His voice shook with grief for his sister. 
Kira placed a trembling hand on his shoulder. “I still hear her.” 
His brow furrowed in confusion as he released Kira and turned his attention back to Lydia. “But her heart . . . it no longer beats.”
“Then how is she calling my name? Octavion, please help me. Tell me what to do.” 
Octavion jumped to his feet and disappeared through the trees, leaving Kira alone with Lydia. It was as if the magical charm around her wrist guided her hands, whispering to her mind what to do next. She shrugged out of her jacket, rolled it into a ball, and carefully placed it under Lydia’s head. Kira pressed her ear to Lydia’s chest to listen for any sign of life. She heard the faint whisper of a heartbeat. Lydia was still alive.
Before Kira could check for a breath, Octavion returned with a small satin pouch. He opened it and removed the contents. On the end of a long silver chain hung a blue glass bottle with a silver cap in the shape of a heart. It reminded Kira of a perfume bottle she’d seen once in an antique store. He glanced at Lydia’s lifeless body, then met Kira’s eyes. 
“Take this,” he said. “You must move quickly.” 
As Kira grasped the container, he continued his instructions. “Open it carefully. Place one drop on her lips—no more.” 
Kira’s heart raced. As she struggled to calm her shaking hands, she unscrewed the cap and lifted it from the container. She arched back, trying to avoid the fumes that escaped, burning her eyes and nose. The effort was futile.
She slowly lowered the container and watched as a single drop fell to Lydia’s lips. Kira replaced the cap to reduce the burning in her throat and handed the bottle back to Octavion. They watched as the clear liquid seeped between Lydia’s lips and ran into her mouth, gradually returning the color to her face. It’s working. Kira turned to share her relief, but met with Octavion’s grave expression. 
“You are not finished,” he said. “The Gyllrue will help strengthen her heart, but it will take more to save her life. Only your blood will heal a wound this deep.” He grabbed Kira’s hand and slid his knife from its sheath. 
“Wait! What are you doing?” She tried to yank her hand free. His grip tightened as he pulled her hand closer to the blade. When she continued resisting, he fixed his eyes on hers. 
“It will only be a small cut. There is no other way.”
Kira’s racing heart fell into her stomach. “But she’s getting better,” she reasoned. “Her color is coming back.”
He shook his head. “She has lost too much blood; the liquid you gave her will not heal the wound or stop the bleeding. If you refuse, she will die.” He softened his expression. “Please, Kira. She would do this for you.”
“But you didn’t say anything about cutting me.”
“You made this choice, knowing you could die, and now you’re afraid of a little cut?” He pulled her hand closer to him. “It is the only way, Kira.”
The same instinct that guided Kira only moments before still pulsed through her veins and she knew he spoke the truth. Her life was no longer hers—she had made that choice. She reluctantly surrendered, relaxing her arm and giving her hand freely. As the point of his blade pierced her palm, she pulled away, causing the blade to go deeper into her flesh and pain to shoot up her arm and into her shoulder. Her fingers began to tingle as the adrenaline rushed through her veins to numb the cut. Blood filled her palm and dripped onto Lydia’s shirt. 
Kira expected to hear Octavion’s words instructing her next move, but instead he turned away and dropped her hand. 
“What is it?” she asked. “What’s wrong?”
He took in a deep breath and pushed to his feet. The muscles in his shoulders seemed to heave and expand as he backed away from her. His eyes were glowing like wildfire as he stepped into the shadows of the pine trees. He clenched his fists beside his trembling body. 
His voice was deep and almost inaudible as he struggled to speak. “I won’t be able to help you. You must do this alone.” He backed further away, bracing himself on the trunk of a small pine tree. “Press your bloodied hand against the wound. Push firmly and hold it there. Do not release it.” He closed his eyes, grabbed a branch from the tree and broke it off in his hand, sending splinters scattering to the ground. 
“What’s happening to you?”
“Nothing.” A frightening growl rumbled through his throat. “You need to hurry, Kira. See it heal in your mind. It must be . . . firm.” 
Kira leaned forward, placed her bleeding hand over Lydia’s wound and covered it with the other, pressing as hard as she dared. At first she felt nothing, but when the Crystor began glowing red and burning her wrist, the bolts of pain she’d felt in the cave returned. This time they shot up both arms and into her shoulders. The sensation grew, moving quickly into her chest. By the time it reached her back, tears flowed freely down her face. She closed her eyes and tried to visualize the torn pieces of Lydia’s body mending themselves and sealing the wound. 
At some point, the pain settled into Kira’s heart and her body went numb, but only for an instant. As she tried taking a deep breath, her heart leapt in her chest, bringing her senses back to life with a burst of chilling torture she could only describe as hell. It was as though someone had forced acid through her veins. It rushed down her arms and through the tips of her fingers, taking the warmth from her body and all her energy with it. Lydia’s chest heaved and she arched her back, sending a shock straight up Kira’s arms and into her heart. The force was so strong it threw Kira to the side, leaving her unable to move. 
As Kira lay shivering from the chilling effects of healing, Lydia took in a deep life-giving breath. Kira scanned the area where she’d seen Octavion last, but he was gone. She closed her eyes, willing to give in to her fate as she struggled to hear her own faint heartbeat. 
Kira’s next memories came in flashes—Octavion’s arms holding her close as he lifted her from the ground, the morning sun streaming through the trees, the silent whisperings of a friend, her fight to survive. The images kept coming, filling her mind with expectation. Maybe she wouldn’t die after all. 





Chapter Nine

When Kira finally woke, it took her a few moments to remember what had happened and where she was. Octavion stood a few feet away, tending a fire. He placed two large logs atop an already roaring display of flames. Small streams of light filtered through the trees and touched the forest floor, making his image a bit hazy. She barely recognized this place as the clearing she’d first been brought to. The sun made it seem a lot less scary and mysterious. 
To her right, a small structure came into view, a lean-to covered with branches and pine boughs, and decorated with feathers, glass beads, and small swatches of colored fabric. Just inside, Lydia lay on a pile of what appeared to be animal pelts, her covers made up of several layers of fabric and tapestries, their pattern and texture unlike anything Kira had ever seen. Lydia’s face had a healthy glow. Her eyes were closed—her face at peace. 
Kira tried to pull herself up to get a better look at her surroundings, but her aching muscles betrayed her. Every joint in her body felt stiff and sore and she had one whopper of a headache. She rolled onto her back, expecting to see the blue sky through the branches above her, but instead discovered she also lay in a lean-to. It was slightly larger than the other, but without decoration. Like Lydia, she rested on a bed of animal pelts, but Kira’s covering was different—a plain tan weave intertwined with a white, satin-like thread. This must be his, she thought. 
Kira tried to swallow, finding no moisture to quench her dry mouth. She peeled her lips apart to speak, but nothing came. She pushed back the covers in an attempt to get Octavion’s attention.
“Kira, be still.” His voice was heavy, yet gentle. Within seconds, he knelt at her side, his brow furrowed with genuine concern. “You need to rest.”
She opened her mouth, trying to force her words again, but they came out as a whisper. “I’m thirsty,” she managed to squeak. She tried to clear her throat.
He nodded, then lifted her to sit against the sturdy log wall of the lean-to. She cringed as the muscles on her right side tensed, pressing against her tender ribs. 
“Did I hurt you?” he asked.
Kira lifted her shirt just enough to expose a dark bruise the size of a man’s boot. “No, they’re just a little sore.”
A low grumbling sound escaped his chest. He touched the tender flesh with the tip of his fingers, putting gentle pressure on several of her ribs. “Does that hurt?” 
She tensed. “A little,” she confessed, lowering her shirt. “I don’t think they’re broken, just bruised.” 
His focus was still on her side, even though the fabric covered the evidence of her attack. “Did I do that?”
“No, that stupid blonde guy kicked me.”
Octavion turned his head to one side, as if looking for something through the trees. “Perhaps I should teach those boys a lesson before I release them.” 
“They’re still here?” she squeaked out again, her throat still begging for water.
He nodded. “It is a slow process, and I must be careful not to miss anything. Our lives depend on it.”
“Process? What are you doing to them?”
“They have seen too much. I am merely helping them forget.”
He adjusted her blanket and reached behind him to pull a large leather bag from one of the shelter’s supporting branches. At the smaller end of the bag was a plug. He pulled it loose with his teeth and pressed the opening to her lips. At first, the water trickled onto her tongue, barely satisfying her thirst. She grabbed his hands and brought it closer, pouring water into her mouth and spilling it over her face and onto the blanket.
“Easy,” he said, pulling it back. “Too much will make you sick.”
Leaving her hands on his, she looked into his eyes. The last thing she should have been thinking was how strikingly handsome he was, but for an instant, she allowed herself the luxury. In addition to his hypnotic eyes, he had strong, masculine facial features—from his thick brow to his sultry lips, he was gorgeous. Even the fine stubble along the chiseled contour of his jaw and chin was alluring. His hair fell in light brown waves, barely touching his shoulders. She tightened her grip to avoid a sudden urge to run her fingers through it.
Octavion raised one brow and grinned—exposing his dimples. “Are you well, Kira?” he asked, as if he knew exactly what she thought of his looks. She could see it in his eyes—that he too saw more in hers than anyone else ever had. 
Kira’s face warmed with embarrassment as she released his hands and lowered hers to her lap. “Yeah, much better, thanks.” 
“I owe you my life for saving my sister.” He returned the water bag to its branch. “I will forever be indebted.”
Kira looked past him at Lydia, lying so still. “Is she okay?”
He didn’t answer, but took Kira’s arm and examined the bandages around her hand and wrist. His touch was gentle, but his grip held her where she’d rolled against the rock and it hurt. She pulled away and rubbed it. 
He looked at her curiously. “I am sorry if I hurt your hand. I barely touched it.”
Kira pushed up the sleeve of her jacket to expose a nasty purple and black bruise, still swollen. “This one’s yours,” she whispered.
The color paled in his face. “You have every right to fear me, Kira. I have treated you no better than your attackers.” 
Kira wasn’t sure what to say. She didn’t want him to feel bad, but he needed to know how much harm his temper could cause. When she didn’t respond, he covered his handiwork and unwound the bandage around her palm and wrist, this time being careful not to touch her arm. She looked at the swollen cut and tried to stretch her fingers. The skin pulled against the scab, sending a twinge of pain through her hand.
“Be careful not to reopen the wound,” he said.
Kira pulled her hand away. “Will you stop worrying about me and answer my question? Is Lydia okay?”
He sat back on his heels and sighed. “Yes.” But his troubled expression said something entirely different. 
“What’s wrong?” she asked.
“It’s been three days and she still sleeps.”
“Three days?” Had she been asleep that long? “My mom’s gonna freak.”
“I think they are still away. I went down this morning and saw no sign of your mother or her . . . friend.”
Kira sighed. “Paul’s a jerk. He won’t care if I’m gone, but mom will worry. Are you sure they’re not back yet?” 
“I am sure.”
Kira turned her attention back to Lydia. “What about her dad . . . umm . . . I mean your dad?”
Octavion smiled. “Not a problem.”
“Oh. Well then, I don’t understand why you’re so worried about her. I barely woke, right? I’m sure she’ll be fine.” 
 “You have stirred. I have been able to give you nourishment. She has not moved, and I am concerned.” 
He’d said she could die saving Lydia’s life, yet here Kira was, still breathing, but Lydia showed little sign of recovery. “What did I do wrong?” 
“Do not blame yourself. You saved her.”
“Not if she isn’t waking up. What if I put her in a coma or something? Maybe I should have let you make a deeper cut or not fought you.” She threw back her blanket and tried to get up. “Let me try again.” 
“Kira. No.” 
At first, Octavion merely kept her from getting up, but she was so weak, his restraint quickly turned into an embrace. Feeling his warm body against hers, she gave in and relaxed. She lay in his arms, drawing what she could from his strength. Kira wanted this nightmare to be over. “She can’t . . . die.” Exhausted, she gave in to sleep. 





Chapter Ten

When Kira woke again, darkness had engulfed the clearing. The flicker of the fire cast shadows that resembled movement in the trees, playing tricks on her eyes. Toran lay near Lydia, licking his paws, but there was no sign of Octavion. Kira clumsily pulled herself up to sit. The big cat lifted his head and let out a long, deep growl. She had no idea how much time had passed, but as she started to move, she realized that some of her strength had returned. She still felt sore, but strong enough to stand if she used the lean-to for support. 
Toran also stood, lazily blinking his eyes as if he’d just woken from a long nap and hadn’t a care in the world. Kira smiled, remembering Octavion’s words in the cave—that the cat was gentle—then realized a feeling of peace had come over her. The closer he got, the more she felt it. Maybe Octavion was right. 
“Come here, boy,” she called, patting her thigh with her hand.
As he came closer, she buried her hands in his thick fur and rubbed him behind both ears. “Take me to Lydia,” she urged. “Can you do that, buddy?”
He turned toward Lydia as if he understood, so she lay one hand on his back for balance and made her way the few feet to Lydia’s shelter. 
“Good boy.” She gave him another rub. 
Toran returned to his grooming.
Kira lowered herself to the ground, pulled down a small section of Lydia’s blanket and took her hand. She brushed a strand of blonde hair away from her friend’s face. “Lydia?”
Nothing.
Kira thought back to the day this all began and tried to remember everything she’d been told. As she recalled the events, an idea came to her. If she heard Lydia’s thoughts, maybe Lydia could hear hers as well. She closed her eyes and tried to clear her head. 
Lydia. You need to wake up. 
Again, nothing. 
Well, that was pretty stupid, she thought to herself. Not wanting to give up—but feeling extremely foolish—she tried again. She took both Lydia’s hands this time, closed her eyes, and tried to imagine herself actually being Lydia, as she’d done when she found her in the forest.
Lydia! If you don’t wake up right now, I’m gonna pour the whole jar of that horrible concoction down your throat. Now wake up! 
Kira expected her to wake slowly, like she had. Instead, Lydia came up yelling and screaming—fighting mad.
“Octavion! How dare you give me that vile poison,” Lydia screamed. She grabbed at her blankets and swung her arms in the air. It was all Kira could do to keep her from hurting herself—and Kira. She took Lydia by the shoulders and held on, trying to get her to calm down. “Lydia, stop!” she pleaded.
“Release her!” Octavion yelled. He dropped the firewood he’d been carrying and stepped closer, glaring at Kira like she’d really been trying to hurt Lydia.
Kira let go of Lydia’s shoulders and leaned away to avoid being hit in the face by her friend’s flailing arms. Octavion wasn’t so lucky. When he knelt beside her, she took a swing and punched him right in the jaw. Making contact with something solid must have brought her to her senses, because she froze with her fists clenched in front of her, ready for a fight.
The shock that registered on Octavion’s face, tickled Kira’s funny bone. She covered her mouth, trying to control her reaction, but it was no use. She burst out in laughter, only managing to get out three words. “Good shot, Lydia!” 
Octavion put his hand to his face and massaged his jaw. When Lydia giggled and dropped her hands to her lap, he threw his arms up and stood. “You take care of her.” Then he walked back to where the wood had landed and started picking it up.
“I was trying to,” Kira snapped back at him—sarcasm and attitude behind her words. 
Lydia licked her lips and wrinkled her nose. “Ugh, that stuff is nasty.”
“It smells bad, too,” Kira said. 
Lydia pointed to the corner of the shelter where a bag, like the one Octavion had offered her earlier, hung. Kira gave Lydia the water and watched as she drank, spilling it much like she had. Kira echoed Octavion’s instructions to take it slow, but when she tried to take the bag away, Lydia raised her hand, blocking her. 
“You’re gonna get me in trouble,” Kira said.
Lydia jerked the bag away from her mouth, choking back her laughter. “I really don’t think you need my help getting into trouble. Besides, he’s just worried about me. He gets that way whenever I’m hurt. It scares him.”
“Good,” Kira said. “He should be scared. You almost died. Did you know that?”
Lydia grew silent. The sudden burst of energy she’d exhibited when she woke had caught up with her, and she tried to lie back. Kira took one of the skins, bundled it into a ball, and placed it behind Lydia’s head to prop her up.
“I’m sorry, Lydia, but what you did was stupid. We both could have been killed.”
“Do not blame her. It was not her fault.” Octavion walked up beside them. 
“How would you know? You weren’t even there. And that’s another thing.” Kira turned back to Lydia. “If you could just grab onto that ruby necklace of yours, why—” 
“Kira.” Octavion cut her off. “Let her rest.” He stepped to Lydia’s side and lowered himself to the ground.
“It’s okay,” Lydia said. “She’s right. I should have called you. I was foolish to let my kindred spirit take over. It just happened so fast, there wasn’t time to do anything else.”
“Your kindred spirit?” Kira asked. “Would someone please explain that to me? The change in your eyes and face when you got angry, and then . . . who’s Altaria?” 
Lydia lowered her eyes. “I have a gift . . . or a curse, depending on how you look at it.” She glanced at Octavion.
He nodded, as if agreeing to her silent request for help. “Kira, this will not sit well with you,” Octavion said. “Our ways are not like anything else you know.”
“I already know about the Crystor, and it didn’t take a genius to figure out she can rub that little ruby and you come running. I’m not stupid, ya know. I’m sure there’s tons of stuff you haven’t told me. I want to know what happened.” Now that the urgency of the situation had passed, her curiosity had taken over. Plus, she didn’t want any more secrets between them. That part bothered her the most. She didn’t like being lied to.
Lydia smiled, searching Octavion’s eyes again. “How do I explain this?” 
He seemed reluctant at first, but after a long moment of silence, he began. “My sister has two spirits. One appears as you know her—as Lydia. She is very strong spiritually, but her physical strength is limited. The other—Altaria—appears as you saw her in the cave. She’s a fierce warrior and Lydia allowed her to control their body during the battle so your lives could be saved.”
“Two spirits?” Kira asked. “You mean, like a split personality?” 
“No,” he said. “She has two separate spirits, both with different strengths, talents and physical traits.”
“But how is that possible?” Kira asked. “And where is your other spirit now—Altaria?” She caught herself searching the clearing, half expecting Lydia’s kindred spirit to magically appear. Just thinking about the way she’d taken on the scouts made the skin on Kira’s arms tingle.
“She is here,” Lydia said, placing her hand over her heart. “But only one of us can be in control of our body at a time.” 
Kira looked at her injured hand and the place on her wrist where the Crystor had burned her skin. If what they said was true, anything was possible. “Go on. I want to hear more.”
“You sure?” Lydia asked.
Kira nodded. “Where are you from? When you change, or whatever—you both have an accent and your speech is so proper. And then there’s all this magic, and potions, and a huge tiger that should be wild, and this stupid bracelet that burns—which really hurt, by the way—not to mention the fact that I have somehow gone from being a normal human to some witch with powers to bring back the dead. Does any of this seem strange to you guys?” Kira took in a deep breath, letting it out with a sigh. She knew she was rambling, but all the questions she’d held back bounced around in her head and she had to get them out. 
Lydia spoke first. “You’re not a witch.” Then she touched her finger to Kira’s palm. “And I’m really sorry about this.”
Kira pulled her hand back. “It’s just . . . I don’t understand why you didn’t tell me before. I would have kept your secrets.”
“I know,” Lydia said. “Octavion didn’t think it was safe.” 
“So, is that why you wouldn’t let me come to your house? Not because your dad wouldn’t allow it, but because you live here?”
“Sort of. I have a small place in town, but I live there alone—except sometimes in the winter when it’s too cold for Octavion to stay on the mountain. Our father didn’t come with us.”
“Where is he?” Kira asked. “The truth this time.”
“He’s in our homeland. We are from a place called Ophira—another world, actually. Our home there is called Xantara, where our father is king.”
“Another world?” Kira had expected them to give her the name of some tiny foreign country in the middle of nowhere, or maybe a hidden civilization that time forgot. She’d even considered the possibility of some sci-fi time traveling scenario, but the phrase “another world” left her with visions of aliens and space ships landing in wheat fields. As much as she wanted to know everything about them, she suddenly felt anxiety prick at her nerve-endings like a million little spiders scurrying up her arms. What she wanted was to go home. 
Octavion drew his dagger and mapped Earth’s solar system in the dirt. He pointed out the sun and each planet that orbited around it. The whole thing was only the size of a cantaloupe, but seemed in proportion from what Kira remembered. Astronomy was not her best subject.
Kira pointed to the tiny circle that represented Earth. “So if we’re here, where is Ophira?” 
Octavion picked up a small pebble, rolled it around in his hand for a second, then chucked it across the clearing. It ricocheted off one of the trees and landed somewhere in the bushes. “Over there.” 
Kira’s eyes widened. “That far? But how did you get here? How did you know to come to Earth, and . . .” Kira’s mind was so full of questions, she wasn’t sure which one to ask first. “Where’s your spaceship?”
Lydia laughed. “The little green men took it home with them.”
“Very funny.” Kira curled her legs up to sit cross-legged, then leaned forward to listen intently. “I’m serious. I want to know how you got here.” 
Octavion slid his knife into its sheath and settled back on his heels. “Remember I told you I am an alchemist?”
“Yeah.”
“Part of what I do involves the study of the universe. In our world, we have rare gems and stones that possess what you would call ‘magical powers’. But to us, it is as normal as electricity or communicating with cell phones is to you. Your world seemed magical to us when we first came here.” 
He hesitated for a moment, as if considering his words carefully. “I inherited part of my mother’s gift as a visionary. I cannot tell the future, but I can see things others are not able to see. There is a blue crystal that we call Soleryne and when I concentrate on it, I can see other planets with my mind. There are other mind travelers on Ophira, but their gifts are not as strong as mine. They do not venture as far as I have—at least not that I am aware of.” 
“You mean others from your planet have been here?” Kira asked.
“I do not believe so. Such things are not discussed between kingdoms, but a journey to such a spectacular world as Earth would have filtered through the kingdoms somehow. Someone would have boasted of their journey. I do know we are the first from Xantara.”
“So with this stone, you can see people walking around on Earth? Is that how you knew you could live here?” Kira was surprised at how accepting she was at the knowledge of other worlds. She’d never given it much thought, but now found it fascinating. 
Octavion smiled. “Not exactly. I can only observe from a distance.” He glanced at Lydia, then back to Kira again. “I came here once when I was younger. I had been studying your planet for quite some time and found it very similar to ours—lush soil and plant life, raging rivers and a moon that draws the tide. I couldn’t stand not knowing what it was like.”
“And he got in trouble,” Lydia said. “Father forbad him to travel like that again. It was too dangerous.” 
“Only because Shandira followed me and could not keep her mouth shut.”
“She was your older sister. She was supposed to keep an eye on you that day, remember?”
Octavion waved a hand to dismiss the subject and turned his attention back to Kira. “Back to your question. Yes, your atmosphere has sustained our lives quite nicely. At first, it was difficult to get used to some of your vegetation and living creatures. We do not have as many insects on our planet. Nor do we have snakes.”
Lydia wiggled into a full body quiver. “That’s the worst. I hate those things. And the spiders. Ugh!”
“So . . . that explains how you found Earth, but not how you got here. All joking aside, is there some kind of spaceship you traveled on or something?” Kira hated to ask. Even as the words crossed her lips, she knew they sounded ridiculous.
This time Lydia spoke. “We have a journey stone. It opens a doorway to our world and we just jump through to the other side.” 
Octavion’s brow furrowed as he brushed his fingers through his hair. He was clearly uneasy with Lydia’s explanation. “Perhaps Kira has heard enough for one day. It is a lot to take in.”
“But wait—you never told me why you’re here.” 
Octavion hesitated before answering. “There were some in our kingdom who wanted to take Lydia’s life. I am her guardian and took an oath to protect her, even if that means my death.” He turned to Lydia and grimaced. “She has not made it an easy task.”
“But if your father was the king, couldn’t he just call for guards or soldiers to protect her?”
Lydia’s mood seemed to change suddenly. She adjusted her blankets and squirmed under the covers. “That would’ve worked if it wasn’t Shandira who tried to kill me. Her gifts are stronger than mine and she’s sneaky and impossible to predict. Our father thought if he sent us away—hid us in a foreign land—we’d be safe.” Lydia raised her eyes to meet Kira’s. “I was only fifteen when we left.”
Kira’s heart ached for her. “You were so young. That must have been hard on your mother.” 
She watched as Lydia’s eyes filled with tears. “My mother died trying to save my life.” 
Kira didn’t know what to say. She’d lost her father when she was four, too young to remember him, and she and her absentee mother’s relationship was hit and miss. “I’m so sorry, Lydia.”
“Enough questions. She needs to rest.” Octavion reached for the water bag and helped his sister sit to take another drink. When she lay back, he tenderly brushed a tear from her cheek. 
“I am glad you are well,” he said.
She flashed her uneven smile. “Well, don’t think you’re off the hook for pouring that poison down my throat.” Then her expression turned more serious. She glanced at Kira, then back to him. “Thank you for not listening to me. I just didn’t want—” The words caught in her throat. She clearly held back more tears. “After Serena . . . I just couldn’t do that to you—to us.”
“Shh, be still. It is over now.” He pulled the covers up around her shoulders. 
Kira felt as though she eavesdropped. Using the lean-to for support, she clumsily stood and turned to walk away. With tired and trembling limbs, she grabbed the corner of the shelter for balance and paused there with her back to them.
“I will protect her. You have my word,” he whispered. 
A knot formed in Kira’s throat. What kinds of things would she need protecting from? She let go and worked her way back to Octavion’s shelter. When she stumbled, Octavion was there, guiding her back. He helped her down and covered her much like he had Lydia. When Kira opened her mouth to thank him, he placed a finger to her lips. 
“Shh . . . I reacted badly. I am sorry.” His expression, weary with regret, met hers. Still searching her face, he drew back his hand. “You have another question. I can see it in your eyes.”
Actually, she had a lot of questions, but one in particular wouldn’t let go. She nodded, then looked over at Lydia, who was getting another drink. “Why was Altaria so bitter?”
“As we told you, Lydia’s spirit is very strong, but physically she can only take so much. As Altaria, she can endure more and has the ability to alter her form slightly, as you saw in her face. I thought perhaps she could change the wound and fuse it back together enough to stop the bleeding, but each time Lydia tried to force Altaria to be in control, the wound deteriorated more quickly, the opposite of what I’d hoped. It was very painful to have her kindred spirit take over when she was wounded so badly. It did not help that Altaria fought the transformation.”
“That’s why she screamed?”
“Yes. In a way, her spirits were fighting. Lydia is usually strong enough to make her kindred spirit take over, but in her weakened state, Altaria had a choice and refused. It is not often they have a conflict, but when they do, it does not end well.” He paused for a moment. “I’ve never seen her in so much pain.”
“So, does everyone in your world have a . . . a kindred spirit?” she asked. 
“No, it is rare. We have heard stories and rumors of such gifts from ancient history, but as far as we know, Lydia is the only one in many, many generations. Now, I have a question for you.” 
“Okay, I guess that’s fair.”
“Are you hungry?” He smiled. 
“Starving.”
Octavion brought Kira and Lydia an assortment of fruit, bread and small chunks of cheese. At some point, Lydia gave into sleep. Kira was about to do the same when Octavion brought her a small cup. Rolling to one elbow, she pressed the rim to her lips and drained the liquid, a sweet fruit juice that was unfamiliar to her. 
He nodded his approval. “Sleep well, Kira.” 





Chapter Eleven

Kira opened her eyes expecting to see the clearing. It took a moment for her to focus, but when she finally saw well enough to recognize her surroundings, she lay on her bed, staring up at the two kitten posters tacked to her ceiling. 
Kira blinked hard. 
It can’t be. It was so real. Did I dream it all? She threw her legs over the side of the bed and sat up, catching her reflection in the full-length mirror in the corner of the room. She was a wreck. Not only was her hair a tangled mass, but her clothes looked as though she’d been dragged through a marsh. She glanced to the left of the door where her jacket hung on a hook; below that sat her white sneakers. Bits of grass and dried leaves covered the shoes. 
She closed her eyes and tried not to think about what the physical evidence meant. She didn’t want to know how much of it was real and how much may have been her overactive imagination. She was home. Safe. 
Kira brought her right hand out in front of her and turned it over, exposing the jagged scab that trailed across her palm and the tiny thread of silver that wound around her wrist, more solid proof that what she’d been through was real.
A sudden surge of bile rose in her throat. She jumped to her feet and ran to her bathroom just in time to flip up the toilet seat and heave the contents of her stomach into the bowl. She fell to her knees and placed both arms on the rim, waiting for another rush of vomit to swell in her throat. When it didn’t come, she turned to sit on the floor, leaning her back against the wall. 
The house was eerily quiet. She listened for any signs of her mom or Paul, but heard nothing. A cold shiver ran up her spine. She pulled her legs up and wrapped her arms around them. She couldn’t think. She didn’t want to think. When she began to shiver, she stood and turned on the shower, then stepped in, clothes and all. She stood under the spray until the water began to cool, then adjusted the tap. One by one, she peeled off each piece of clothing, letting them fall to the shower floor in a heap. Streams of mud flowed away like blood seeping from a wound. 
When she’d used up all the hot water, Kira turned off the valves and opened the shower door. Across from her hung a full-length mirror—a stupid place to put it, really. Who wants to look at themselves, naked and dripping wet? Kira swiped the mirror with her hand, only to see that the blurred image before her seemed different somehow. The subtle change wasn’t in her face—it was in her eyes, the way the small stream of light coming from the window made them glimmer and shine. Okay, Kira, snap out of it. She wrapped an oversized towel around her body and walked back to her bedroom.





Chapter Twelve

Octavion tossed the memory stones into the hot coals to cleanse them of the scouts’ memories, then turned to check on his sister. She’d thrashed around for most of the night, mumbling Shandira’s name and asking for their father. Octavion had hoped her nightmares would cease over time. For the most part they had, but the encounter with Shandira’s scouts had brought them back tenfold. He’d never seen her like this. He swore under his breath and stood to get another log for the fire.
“Kira?” Lydia whispered.
The sound of Kira’s name made his heart clench. It was his fault she’d endured so much pain healing Lydia. As grateful as he was to have his sister alive and well, he wasn’t sure he could make that choice again. Not if it meant Kira dying in the process. Without her knowing it, she’d managed to soften a little piece of his calloused heart.
Octavion looked over his shoulder to see if Lydia had woken, but found her eyes closed and her body still. He hesitated for a moment, then continued to the pile of neatly stacked firewood and selected two logs off the top. He paused as the memories he’d plucked from the scouts came flooding back. The image of his older sister, Shandira, had haunted his dreams as well. 
Shandira was the oldest of the three royal children—in her nineteenth year when he’d last seen her—but was by far the strongest and most beautiful of his two sisters. There’d been a time in their youth when she’d been Octavion’s favorite. While Lydia preferred wearing fancy dresses and attending to her studies, Shandira was more like Octavion. She looked forward to days when most of the castle staff was dismissed from their duties so she could wear boy’s attire and have Octavion teach her to fight. She was a strong opponent and knew how to use her weapons like a seasoned warrior. It had never crossed his mind that she might use those skills against him.
“No!” Lydia’s arms flew up to protect her face—yet she still slept.
Octavion tossed the logs on the fire and went to her. Perhaps hearing her native tongue would help calm her. He knelt by her side and gently stroked her forehead as she relaxed. “Moorishta, nara sei,” he said. “Young one, be still.”
Lydia drew in a deep breath and slowly opened her eyes. “Father?”
“No, it is me.”
She rubbed her face with her hands and looked around the clearing. “Wow, for a minute I thought I was home. That was weird . . . but good,” she added.
Octavion smiled. “How are you feeling this morning?” He helped her sit and handed her the leather bag filled with water.
“Not sure. My head is still fuzzy, but I seem to be a little stronger.” She pulled out the cork and took a long draw from the bag. “I think I should get up and walk around today. I need to get my strength back.”
“I agree. Perhaps Altaria can help with that.”
Lydia grinned. “Exactly what I was thinking. She got me into this mess. She can get me out, right?” Her cheerful disposition faded when she glanced over at Octavion’s empty shelter. “Kira’s gonna be mad.”
“She has a kind heart and will forgive you. We both know she needed time to let things settle, and it is not safe for her to be here right now. With a dark moon approaching . . . we had no choice.” He’d already gone against his heart and risked her life once. No way would he risk it again, especially at his own hand.
“I know you’re right—it just won’t make it any easier for me to explain. Did she wake at all?”
Octavion stood and offered Lydia his hand. “She stirred when I placed her in your car, but I am not sure she will remember.”
Lydia was halfway up when she stopped and sank back to the ground. “Car? You drove my car?”
Octavion smirked. “How else was I supposed to get her home? Taking the scouts to the other side of the county completely drained me. I had to wait half the night just to take her as far as the bridge.”
“But . . . you can’t drive.”
“I taught you how to drive, did I not?”
Lydia stood, this time with a little help from her brother. 
“No, you taught me how not to drive, remember? You said cars were too slow for you.”
Octavion gave a wave of his hand, dismissing the subject. “Kira arrived safely, and your vehicle is tucked away where no one will bother it.” 
“Good.” Lydia turned and warmed her hands near the fire. The memory stones glowed bright white with the heat of the coals. “And the scouts—did they give you any trouble?”
“Just the blonde. His mind is like the jaws of a lion. He would not let go of seeing your face change to Altaria’s. I finally had to rid him of some of his childhood memories. He will be lucky if he remembers his name. And I am sure the physicians will poke and prod the albino for days. He was not a Royal, so his blood shouldn’t be too different, but I am sure they will find some abnormality in it. Whatever her scouts get, it won’t be near what they deserved.”
“Do you think they are far enough away? What if she finds us?”
Octavion picked up a long, thin branch and stirred the fire, knocking the memory stones into the cooler gray ash. He poked at them for a moment, then picked them up with his bare hands. They felt cool to the touch. “I couldn’t find any memories of them reporting their position, so we are safe for now. I’ve already begun gathering our things as a precaution. By the time she figures it out, we will be gone.”
Lydia spun around to face him and grabbed the stick from his hand, throwing it to the ground. “I’m not leaving.”
“Lydia, it is no longer safe . . .”
“No, Octavion. I’m not moving again. If we leave, it will be to go back to Xantara. Let her come—we will fight.” The sudden burst of adrenaline sapped most of her energy, and she grabbed his arm to steady herself. 
Octavion took her around the waist and guided her back to her shelter. “Perhaps you need to rest more. We will discuss this when you are stronger.”
Lydia pushed him away, using the shelter for support. “There’s nothing to discuss.”
A low rumbling growl settled in his chest, but he didn’t dare argue with her. He’d done that too many times to count. Truth was, he didn’t want to leave either. It meant leaving Kira behind. Something he wasn’t ready to do, not after dreaming to be near her for so long. 





Chapter Thirteen


After getting dressed, Kira wandered down the hallway and peeked into her mother’s open bedroom door to see if she was home. The room was a mess as usual, but there was no sign of her or Paul. She continued through the house and into the kitchen. Still nothing. Kira glanced at the kitchen clock and sighed. As much as she didn’t want to go to school, she knew she had to. It was Wednesday and she’d already missed two days. 
By the time she walked to school, it was after ten and her English class had already started. She decided to go to the office and make sure they knew she was there and then hang out in the library until Phys. Ed. She shared that class with Lydia—maybe she would be there.
No such luck. Lydia was absent.
Not a big surprise. She was probably still on the mountain gaining her strength back. And it wasn’t like Kira could go by her house—she didn’t even know exactly where she lived, only that it was on the south side of town. 
“Holy crap!” Carla said as she walked past Kira. “Looks like someone’s been taking steroids.” She gave Kira’s bicep a not-so-friendly squeeze before moving to her locker and peeling off her sweater.
“What are you talking about?” Kira had already stripped down to her bra and panties and put on her gym shorts, but still held her baggy T-shirt in her hand.
Carla flipped her straight black hair over her shoulder and motioned toward Kira’s arm. “You grew muscles like, overnight.”
“What?” Kira closed her locker and walked to the end of the row to where the mirrors hung. She raised her fist in the air and flexed her arm muscles. “Whoa.” She was buff. 
Actually, now that she stood in full view of the mirror, there were a lot of changes she’d missed that morning. Her hair had always been a little on the dry side, and the color a dark, lifeless red. Now it was a beautiful auburn, with a hint of honey blonde highlighting it in just the right places. Her complexion was perfect. Even her teeth seemed whiter. 
Kira put on her shirt to hide her new muscles and joined the other girls on the football field to run sprints. Too bad it wasn’t raining out. She would have liked another go at that rope.

* * * * *

Kira lingered in front of the high school as long as she could before taking the long walk home. When she saw Paul’s beat up truck sitting in the driveway, she changed her direction and went around back to the kitchen door. As she neared the steps, she paused, taking in her last clean breath before venturing into what would now be a smoke-filled house. She pushed it open just enough so she could listen for voices and get a feel for where her mother and Paul might be. When she heard the television blaring in the living room, she tiptoed in through the kitchen and through the hall toward her room. 
“Mouse, is that you?” her mother called in that sickeningly sweet way that always made Kira’s skin crawl. The last thing she needed was to deal with her mother’s patronizing tone and Paul’s rude remarks. 
“Yeah, it’s me,” she yelled back. “Be there in a sec.” Kira swung her backpack off her shoulder and threw it on her bed, then tried to psych herself up for the confrontation. 
Kira slipped her hands in her back pockets and shuffled her way down the hall and into the living room. She’d expected to find them sprawled out on the sofa watching afternoon game shows, but instead she saw a room full of cardboard boxes and her mother pulling pictures off the wall.
“What are you doing?” Kira took a few more steps into the room about the same time Paul entered through the front door. 
“Hey, Rat. Looks like you’ll be rid of me soon.” Paul chuckled, took a long drag from his cigarette, then picked up a box and went back out through the door.
“Mom?” Kira said with a little more urgency.
“Not to worry, dear. Just putting some of our things in storage. Paul got a job in California and leaves tomorrow. As soon as he’s settled, he’s sending for us. Isn’t that great?” She ripped a piece of packing tape out of the dispenser and tore it off on the tiny metal teeth. 
“If he’s sending for us later, why are you packing now?”
Her mom plopped down on the couch and wiped tiny beads of sweat from her brow with her hand, transferring the black print residue from the newspaper to her face. “We just thought it would be easier packing now. There will be less work for us to do when he finds a place, that’s all.”
Kira sensed there was much more to the story than her mom admitted. “I don’t want to go, Mom. What about school? It’s my senior year and I don’t want to move so close to graduation. That would suck.” 
“Now, Mouse. You’re always such a worrier. It will all work out, you’ll see.”
When Paul reentered to get another box, the smirk on his face brought anger riling up in Kira and she found herself not wanting to back down like she usually did. She had never been one for confrontation, but for some reason, she couldn’t help herself. She propped her fists on her hips and shifted her weight to one foot. 
“I’m not going!” 
Paul dropped the box he’d just lifted from the stack and took two steps toward her. Kira was sure if there hadn’t been a dozen or so boxes between them, she would have felt the back of his hand across her cheek. 
“How dare you speak to your mother like that.” His hand flew up, pointing a boney finger in the direction of her room. “Now scat—Rat!” 
Kira backed out of the room and headed down the hall, but not before hearing her mother’s response to her outburst.
“Whew! I guess I’ll have to stop calling her Mouse. She’s not so weak anymore. But then, after tomorrow it won’t matter. She won’t even be underfoot.”
Kira felt like she’d been kicked in the gut. What was she talking about? She quietly backtracked to eavesdrop on their conversation. 
“Ya think she suspects?” Paul’s voiced whispered.
“Nah, she’s not smart enough to figure it out. Besides, she’s almost eighteen. She’ll be fine. I was pregnant with her by the time I was seventeen and look how good I turned out.”
“Still, we should be outta here before she gets home from school. I don’t want a scene.” Paul cleared his throat.
The sudden silence coming from the living room made Kira uneasy. Maybe they’d stopped talking because they knew she was there. She took a step away from the doorway, then another, taking extra care not to make a sound.
No wonder they hadn’t asked her opinion on the move. They had no intention of taking her with them. She slowly made her way back to her room and closed the door behind her. She spent the rest of the night curled in a ball, trying not to feel the pain—but it came anyway. 
By the next morning, Kira was numb. She went through the motions of getting ready for school before finding herself in front of her mother’s closed bedroom door. She paused there for a moment, her fist poised a few inches from knocking. Confronting her mother would be useless, she knew that. And now that she knew how her mother really felt about her—that she was weak and always underfoot—she wasn’t sure she wanted to change her mother’s mind anyway. Kira would be eighteen in a few weeks. How hard could it be to live on her own? She practically did it now. 
Kira let her hand drop to her side, straightened her spine and slipped out the back door without a word. She didn’t remember attending most of her classes and there was still no sign of Lydia. Between what had happened on the mountain and her mother’s plans to move, it was all she could do not to burst into tears anytime someone looked at her. That’s all she needed, to cry in front of everyone. 
The trip home after school took longer than normal as Kira postponed the inevitable. Somewhere in her heart, she held a tiny grain of hope that her mom would reconsider and stay. That all changed when she opened the door to an almost empty house.
Everything was gone except for the tattered couch, a rickety coffee table and a cracked mirror that hung slightly crooked on the wall next to the kitchen. 
Panic set in as Kira thought about her own things. They wouldn’t. Kira dropped her backpack and ran down the hall to her room. She half expected it to be stripped of her belongings, but as she swung open the door she saw that nothing appeared to have been touched. From her grandmother’s handmade quilt to father’s photograph sitting on the table near her bed, it was all there. Even her laptop still sat on her desk where she’d left it. 
She plopped down on the bed, pressed one of her many colorful pillows to her face and screamed until her throat ached from the strain. Her gut wrenched as she turned on her side and drew the pillow into her chest with knotted fists, letting the tears flow freely—again. 
Several hours passed and the room grew darker. The house felt like a tomb—so quiet and cold. The only sound came from the tree branches just outside her window, brushing against the house as if dragging its sharp claws up the length of her spine. She shivered to the core, but lay still, not daring to move. She couldn’t, fearing that what was left of her world would crumble around her.





Chapter Fourteen

Kira skipped school on Friday. By Saturday she was more than upset with Lydia. She hadn’t heard a word from her. She thought the least Lydia could do is send Octavion to tell her she was okay, or maybe a, “Hey, thanks for saving my freakin’ life.” But nothing.
When Sunday morning came, the anger turned to depression and Kira didn’t want to get out of bed. She lay there, barely alert, wishing she could get in touch with Lydia. Her lack of contact made Kira feel abandoned all over again. 
When she finally peeled her quilt back and slid out of bed, it was almost ten. The last thing she expected to find when she stepped into the living room was Lydia perched on the arm of the couch with a smile on her face. She had on her usual worn-out pair of blue jeans, a plain white T-shirt, and she’d kicked off her boots, making herself at home. 
“You really should lock your door,” Lydia said. “A stranger could walk right in.” 
Kira had spent the past two days thinking about this moment—wondering how she would react when she was finally able to talk to Lydia. The anger she felt didn’t surprise her. “Strangers, I can handle. It’s my friends I have to worry about.” Kira knew by Lydia’s expression that her words cut deep, but she didn’t care.
“I guess I deserved that,” Lydia said. 
Kira turned without a word and went back into the bedroom. She sat on the bed, and pulled the covers over her legs just as Lydia appeared in the doorway.
“Look, Kira. I know this all seems strange, but I didn’t have a choice. I’m sorry.”
“Sorry for what, Lydia? Sorry you lied to me? Sorry you got me involved in your secret little life, or sorry you abandoned me and left me here to deal with all this crap by myself?”
“All of the above.” Lydia sat across from Kira on the bed. “I knew you were overwhelmed with everything that happened. I just figured you could use the time to regain your strength and let everything sink in.”
Kira shook her head. “You were wrong. What I needed was a friend. What I needed were answers to all my questions and someone to talk to about the crap that’s going on in my life.”
Lydia nodded slowly. “I can see that by how upset you are. I really am sorry.”
“And is it true that you can hear my thoughts? Because I even tried that. Where were you?” 
Lydia looked down at her hands. “It’s complicated.”
Kira huffed out the air in her lungs and threw her hands up. “And you don’t think my life is complicated?” 
“I just don’t know what to say.” 
Kira let the tension in her body relax a little when she saw her friend struggling with Kira’s anger. She had to admit she was glad to finally see Lydia, but letting her know that was difficult. “So, where’s your brother?”
“He’s my half-brother, actually. We have different mothers.” Lydia flashed her crooked smile. “You don’t like him very much, do you?” 
Kira grabbed the pillow of the bed and hugged it to her chest. “I don’t like his temper.” 
Lydia’s expression saddened as she became more serious. “He’s not always like that. He was just worried about me—and you. He brought you home, ya know?”
“How did he do that, anyway? One minute he’s being nice, feeding me and bringing me juice, and the next—” 
Lydia raised her brows as if Kira had answered her own question.
“What?”
“The juice,” Lydia confessed.
Kira buried her fingers in the pillow and clenched it in her fists. “He drugged me?”
“It was just a little something to help you sleep and get your strength back,” Lydia said. “It didn’t hurt you.”
“Well, it’s not like he gave me a choice.” 
“Actually, it was my idea.” Lydia cringed. “Forgive me?”
“And why should I do that?”
Lydia looked at Kira with her big green eyes while sticking out her lower lip. “Well, there’s that whole ‘you’re my best friend’ thing. Besides, who else do you know who can knock back a pint of chocolate ice cream faster than you? You’d be miserable without me.” 
Kira glared at her, then tossed the pillow on the floor next to her dresser. “Well, I’m glad somebody thinks this is funny.” 
Lydia sighed. “I don’t think it’s funny, Kira. I just don’t know what to say.” She pulled her braid in front and twirled it around her finger.
“Maybe you could start with the truth. There hasn’t been a whole lot of that going around lately.” Kira folded her arms and leaned against the headboard. 
Lydia’s head shot up. “I didn’t lie to you.”
“Ha! The first words out of your mouth were a lie, or don’t you remember telling me you were an only child and that your dad was rich. Who knows what else you’ve lied about?”
Lydia straightened her back, her brow furrowed in frustration. “What was I supposed to say? Octavion forbid me to tell you and, just for the record, my father is rich, just not on this planet. And don’t you think I wanted you to know everything about me? You don’t know how many times I wanted to tell you the truth—everything, about where I’m from and why I’m here—but I couldn’t. 
“This isn’t the first place we’ve tried making our home, ya know. We had no idea what your world was like. We dressed different, spoke different, and even the simplest of things were difficult for us. Our world is very primitive. We don’t have electricity or any of the conveniences you have here. It didn’t take long for people to notice how strange we seemed and to start asking questions. Octavion was searching for other locations when one of Shandira’s scouts found us. We barely escaped with our lives.” 
Lydia flipped her braid behind her back and jumped off the bed, getting as far as the door before turning around to finish her point. “Maybe you should try looking at this through my eyes.” Then she stepped into the hall and out of Kira’s sight. 
Not once had Kira considered what life must have been like for Lydia or the pain she endured leaving her home and family. It wasn’t like Kira could sympathize. She didn’t even have a family anymore. Maybe she was the one being selfish. 
“Lydia,” Kira called, but she got no response. She pushed the covers away, slid off the bed, and walked down the hall to the living room, where Lydia sat on the couch lacing her boots. 
Lydia didn’t look up before speaking. “I’ll have Octavion come by later, and you can tell him what parts of all this you want to forget. He’ll be careful.” She switched to the other boot and started cinching up the laces.
“You will not,” Kira said. “I don’t want to forget anything. I just want you to tell me the truth, and promise you’ll never leave me like that without some kind of an explanation.” 
Lydia straightened and looked Kira in the eye. “I promise to explain what I can, but . . . you have to be patient. Octavion is my guardian and I have to do what he says.” A smile slowly crossed her face. “Most of the time.” 
Kira smiled back and gave into the temptation to hug her. “Friends?”
“Always,” Lydia said as she stood. She looked around the room as if just now noticing something wasn’t quite right. “Your mom redecorating or something?”
“Mom left,” Kira said.
“Left? What do you mean left?”
Kira stepped to the couch and plopped down on the only cushion that wasn’t sporting a hole. She rubbed the sleep from her swollen eyes before running her fingers through the tangles in her hair. “I mean . . . her and Paul packed up and left. He got a job in California and they were gone when I got home from school Thursday.” Kira looked up from her tear-filled eyes to find genuine concern in Lydia’s. “So you weren’t the only one who abandoned me.”
Lydia slid down to sit beside her and wrapped her arm around Kira’s shoulder. “I’m so sorry. Why didn’t you say something when I first got here? No wonder you’re so upset.”
Kira shrugged out of the hug and leaned back with an over exaggerated sigh. “She said I was weak. Weak! She didn’t even tell me she was leaving, just took off and left me. What kind of a mom would do that? Why didn’t I see it coming?” 
Lydia put her hand on Kira’s shoulder. “It’s not your fault. She’s supposed to be the adult and take care of you. To be honest, I think your mom’s a flake.”
Kira wiped her tears on the hem of her shirt, then pinched the bridge of her nose. “Maybe so, but that doesn’t help the fact that I don’t have a job, Lydia. How am I supposed to pay rent? Not to mention utilities and food.”
For a long moment, Lydia seemed lost in her thoughts. “We’ll just have to be creative. You’re already editing my photos on your computer. I’ll take more photos and maybe we can check out a few local art shows and see if we can get into those.”
“I guess,” Kira said. “Or maybe I should get a real job, like flipping burgers.”
Lydia grew suddenly animated as she stood and offered Kira her hand. “Talking about food, you hungry? I have a great way to cheer you up and get your mind off all your troubles.” 
Kira looked at her curiously before taking her hand and letting her pull her up to stand. “A little. Why? What do you have in mind?” 
Lydia smiled wider, with a bit of mischief behind the sparkle in her eyes. “Well, before I knew how mad you were, I’d hoped to kidnap you.” 
Kira gave her a wicked glare. “And where, exactly, were you going to take me?”
Lydia touched a finger to her lips and whispered. “Shh—it’s a secret.”
“Okay, but I have one condition,” Kira said. 
“Name it,” Lydia agreed.
“If Octavion is there, you have to keep him on a leash.” 





Chapter Fifteen

About halfway up the mountain, Kira started protesting. “You’ve got to be kidding. You are not taking me back up there again. I thought you meant a picnic at the park or something.”
“That wasn’t your condition,” Lydia teased. 
“I’m not joking. What about those men? What if your sister finds you?”
“Relax. Octavion has traps set up all over the place, Toran’s guarding the area and he’s certain the scouts didn’t report back our location. Besides, it’s a big mountain and we’ll be clear on the other side, in the canyon.”
Kira folded her arms across her chest and slumped down in her seat. “I don’t know.” 
“Look, it’s gonna be great.” Lydia took her eyes off the road just long enough to see Kira’s expression. “I want to show you someplace special. Okay?” 
“Okay, but there better not be any trouble and I’m not drinking anything but water, especially from Octavion.”
For the next few minutes, neither of them spoke. Lydia seemed deep in thought, although Kira did catch her rubbing her ruby a few times, most likely telling her brother they were on their way. Kira, on the other hand, was busy trying to ignore the infernal itching. The burn around her wrist had turned a dark tan and didn’t bother her anymore, but the cut on her palm drove her crazy. She’d managed to peel off most of the scab over the past few days, but there was still a tiny section at one end that just wouldn’t let go. 
At some point during her scratching fit, she’d managed to prick it loose with the edge of her fingernail. Lydia pulled off the side of the road and rummaged through the glove box for a spare tissue. It wasn’t even one drop of blood, but you would have thought Kira had reopened the entire length of the wound. Kira dabbed at the pin-point droplet and it disappeared.
Lydia sighed. “You have to be more careful, especially around Octavion.”
Kira wadded the tissue and pressed it firmly against the scab. “Why do you say that?”
“It’s just that . . . his sense of smell is . . . well . . . sensitive and sometimes he reacts badly.” Lydia eased back onto the road. “You just need to be careful, that’s all.”
Kira remembered his reaction when he cut her hand. She wasn’t sure of the reason behind it, but with what little she’d already learned about their lives, she knew she’d have to adapt to their ways if she wanted to be Lydia’s friend. “I know,” Kira said. “The night he first made this cut, he acted really weird—then left.”
 Lydia sighed again. “Octavion left? He didn’t tell me that part.” 
They’d just pulled onto a graveled parking area at a trailhead for hikers when she peeled away the tissue and stuffed it into her pocket. As Lydia retrieved her backpack from the trunk, Kira examined what was left of the scab and found herself wishing it would magically go away, like Lydia’s wound had. The instant the thought popped into her head, she started thinking about the possibilities. She certainly didn’t want to go through the pain she’d experienced that night, but then, this was much smaller, and already mostly healed. She ran her index finger along the scar, but nothing changed. 
Concentrate, her inner voice whispered. This time Kira pressed her palms together, tightly squeezed her interlocked fingers, and tried to see her hand healed. A tingling sensation radiated between her palms, then stopped. She peeled her hands apart to find the scar, scab, and itch completely gone.
Lydia opened the door so she could get out, but Kira just sat there, staring at her hand. 
“It’s . . . gone.” Kira held out her palm for Lydia to see. “Why didn’t you tell me I could heal myself? This thing’s been driving me crazy.”
Lydia’s eyes widened. She grabbed Kira’s hand to get a better look. “Octavion’s gonna freak.”
“You mean, you didn’t know?” 
“No. He created the Crystor as a divining tool. He was afraid Shandira would kidnap me and they wouldn’t be able to find me. We found out about its healing powers right before we were forced from our home. We really have no idea what it’s capable of doing.” She pushed the Crystor up Kira’s wrist before touching her fingertip to the burn. “Can you fix this, too?”
Kira shrugged. “I guess.” She wasn’t sure she liked the fact that Octavion had no idea what the Crystor could do. The effects it already had on Kira’s mind and body were positive, but what if there were negative side-effects? She wrapped her hand around her wrist and focused on the burn like she’d done with the cut. This time the sensation was barely noticeable. 
Lydia let out a hoot when Kira pulled her hand away and the burn was gone. “Did it hurt?”
Kira smiled. It felt good to see Lydia back to her usual self. She’d missed her. “Just a tingle, that’s all. What else do you think I can do?”
Lydia chuckled. “Patience, Kira. You must have patience.” Then she became more serious. “You can’t tell anyone. You know that, right?”
Kira nodded. “I know.”
“I mean it, Kira. If someone saw you do something like that, we could be in danger.” Lydia paused for a moment. “We have to act normal or it’ll draw attention to us. That’s where we went wrong in Montana.” 
“I guess.” Kira had to admit it would be difficult. How could her life ever be “normal” again?

* * * * *

They’d walked for about twenty minutes when Lydia stopped and leaned her hand against a tree. Kira had followed behind her the entire time and hadn’t noticed how labored her breathing had become. Now she could see the difficulty Lydia was having. “Lydia, are you okay?”
“Yeah.” She wiped little beads of sweat from her brow. “Man . . . I thought I had all my strength back. Mind if we take a break?”
“No, not at all.” Kira motioned to a fallen log that lay a few feet away. “You sure you’re okay?”
“I’m fine.” Lydia lowered her backpack to the ground and sat on the log. “But Altaria’s got some work cut out for her.” The words had no sooner left her mouth than she looked at Kira with an apologetic expression. “Sorry, I forgot how you feel about that.”
“Honestly? I think it’s kinda cool.” 
“Really? But Octavion said it scared you. I was afraid if I changed again, you would get upset.”
“I was afraid because I didn’t know what was going on. If you’d explained it to me, I might’ve been all right with it.” Actually, Kira thought the whole idea was bizarre.
She sat down on the log next to Lydia. “How exactly does it work? I mean . . . if you were to change right now, would you be a different person or just look different?”
“That’s a good question.” Lydia looked down at her hands. “I’m not sure how to explain it. We are the same person. The difference, really, is in our personalities and the way we look at life. I’m more laid back. I worry about the little things and less about my appearance. It’s not that I don’t care, it’s just that Altaria is—a bit vain.” She smiled and shook her head. 
“What?”
“Altaria didn’t like that,” Lydia said.
“You mean you talk to each other?” 
“Of course. Don’t you talk to yourself?”
“All the time,” Kira admitted.
“Well, it’s kinda like that.” 
“But what about the rest?”
Lydia thought for a moment. “I guess the biggest thing, except personality, is the physical change. Let’s say a good-looking guy walks by and you’re slouching. What would you do?”
Kira straightened, held in her stomach, and tucked a few wisps of fly-away hair back into the elastic band holding her ponytail. 
“See, it might not have been a huge change, but you physically look different. You look taller, skinnier, and well groomed. Even your posture is better.”
“I think I get it, but when you were Altaria, you looked totally different. Even the shape of your face and the color of your eyes changed. Not to mention the fact that she hates me.”
Lydia’s head shot up. “She doesn’t hate you. And as for the changes, we’re just better at manipulating our features, that’s all. It takes practice, and sometimes it can be difficult, especially since our gifts aren’t as strong in your world, but when I need the extra strength, it’s kinda nice.” 
“Like now, you mean?” 
Lydia sighed. “You’re not suggesting I change now, are you?”
“If it will help you make it up this mountain without collapsing—yeah.” 
Lydia turned her attention back to her hands. For the longest time she said nothing. Then she shrugged again.
“What is it?” 
“You have to realize that this is strange for me, too. Even in our world it’s kept a secret. Besides you, there are only two people outside our family who’ve seen me change. One has no memory of it, and the other one is . . . dead.”
“Serena?” Kira guessed.
Lydia’s brow furrowed. “How did you know that?” 
“Octavion told me. Don’t you remember?”
“No, I don’t.” She jumped off the log and grabbed her pack. “I’m rested now. I think I can make it just fine like I am.” 





Chapter Sixteen

It didn’t take much longer to reach Lydia’s special place. Not far from the clearing where Octavion nursed them back to health was a beautiful meadow filled with wild flowers. Kira’s first glimpse of it was when they broke through the trees and found themselves standing on the edge of a cliff. They looked down on a beautiful box canyon with the meadow spread out below. Octavion sat near the river—Toran by his side. 
Lydia grabbed hold of her ruby and Octavion turned to acknowledge them with a wave of his hand.
They made their way to the bottom of the canyon by following a worn, narrow path between the rocks and the underbrush. Octavion waited near the bottom. He took Lydia’s backpack and led them to a spot under a shade tree without even acknowledging Kira’s presence. Lydia spread out a blanket and unloaded the contents of her pack. She’d made Kira’s favorite, peanut butter sandwiches, but also brought plenty of fresh fruit, vegetables and cheese to satisfy her appetite, and Octavion’s. 
By the time Lydia had finished creating her little smorgasbord, it looked like a salad bar at an expensive health spa, which suited Kira just fine. The girls sat on the blanket chatting about anything to keep her mind off her mom leaving—school, photography, shopping—but Kira hesitated to ask the questions that really tangled her thoughts. Questions about their world. It just didn’t feel like the right time and she was enjoying herself too much to risk ruining the mood. 
Octavion, on the other hand, remained quiet. He sat a few feet away with his back against the trunk of a tree—a half-eaten apple in his hand. Kira tried not to be obvious, but couldn’t help stealing a glance now and then. There was something about him that seemed familiar to her. She kept telling herself it was because he’d taken care of her after healing Lydia, but this was something else, like she’d met him before. She tried to shake the thought from her mind. 
“Is he always this quiet?” Kira whispered.
Lydia smiled. “Yes.” He’s spent too much time alone with only the animals for company. Though her lips didn’t move, Kira heard Lydia’s words as clearly as if she had spoken them.
Can he hear us? 
Only if I want him to and then only my thoughts.
Kira watched out of the corner of her eye as Octavion took another bite of his apple. He seemed so normal now, not at all like when she’d first seen him. She tried not to think about how he’d made her feel when he’d come at her with fire in his eyes, or lost his temper, smashing his fist into a boulder. She was terrified of him then, yet here she sat only a few feet away, feeling no fear at all. 
Octavion smiled. “Shall I leave so you can talk freely about me?” 
Busted! Lydia laughed.
“How could you tell?” Kira asked. 
“You stopped talking.” 
Lydia tossed a piece of cheese at his head. 
He reached up, caught it without even looking, and popped it in his mouth like it was a great reward. Then he leaned forward and stood. “Would you ladies care to join me for a ride?” 
“A ride?” Kira asked.
Octavion whistled, and three horses appeared through the trees on the other side of the river. They waded through the water and came to Octavion, showing no fear. The largest of the three was a magnificent black stallion with a long, flowing mane and tail. The other two were smaller, but still as beautiful. They were both tan, with a beige mane and tail. Twins, she thought.
“Okay, how did he do that?” Kira asked. “And please don’t tell me these horses have magical powers like Toran.”
Lydia laughed again. “No, but it’s Toran’s fault they’re here. He scared the crap out of some hunters last fall and their horses got loose from where they were tethered. Toran chased them to the end of the canyon and Octavion . . . umm . . . talked them into sticking around.”
“Talked?” Kira wasn’t sure what to think after seeing him interact with the tiger.
“Let’s just say he gets along better with animals than with people.” Lydia winked.
Octavion shot his sister a glare.
“What? Well, it’s true,” Lydia said.
He shook his head and then looked at Kira. “Just ignore her. Do you ride?” 
“Um . . . a little. I used to ride my grandpa’s horse before he died. But it was an old nag and I rode with a saddle and reins. No way am I going bareback.” Kira looked to Lydia for help. Please tell him no! 
Lydia nodded, then turned to Octavion. “I’m a little tired from the walk here. Why don’t you two go without me? Besides, I could use a nap.” She winked at Kira and smiled.
Kira gasped. That’s not what I meant. “Umm, isn’t that dangerous? You can’t stay here alone. What about the scouts?”
“They have no memory of this place,” Octavion said. “And Toran is just beyond those trees. She will be safe.” 
Have fun. “Maybe you can get him to take you to the falls.” 
This time Octavion gave Lydia a scolding look. “It is too far,” he said, pursing his lips. “She would never make it.”
Kira sensed a challenge in his words and wasn’t about to back down now. “I bet I can ride just fine.” She stood and walked toward the horses. “So, which one is mine?”
He pointed to one of the tan horses and offered to help—sarcastically—like Kira couldn’t do it alone, so she ignored him, grabbed a chunk of the horse’s mane and swung herself up. Only she got her heel hooked over the horse’s back before sliding back down. Determined not to need Octavion’s help, she put a lot more force behind her second attempt and almost threw herself over the other side. She wasn’t used to her new strength. It took her a few seconds to gain her composure and sit right on the horse’s back, but once she felt comfortable, she smiled with pride. 
“Well done,” he said with a smirk. Then he swung up on the stallion with no effort at all. 
“Show off,” Kira said.
Lydia chuckled. 
I’ll deal with you later. Kira sent her another glare. I thought you promised to keep him on a leash? 
“Have fun,” Lydia said. She stretched her arms above her head and gave a fake yawn. 
For most of the way, Kira and Octavion rode next to each other, taking in the beautiful scenery but saying very little. It was the equivalent of talking about the weather, with no feelings or information being revealed by either of them. It felt strange being alone with him, especially since Kira was actually having a good time. 
When the canyon narrowed and the way became steep and filled with jagged rocks, Octavion instructed Kira to fall back and follow him. The horses’ hooves slipped on the rocks, jerking her to one side or the other with almost every step. 
After a few minutes passed, Octavion pulled his horse to a stop and turned to look over his shoulder. “From here, it is a difficult ride. Are you sure you are up to it?” 
Kira nodded. “Lead the way.” But inside, she was terrified. On one side a jagged cliff rose straight up, and the other side plummeted into a steep ravine. It wasn’t that far to the bottom, but if she fell, she would either hit the rocks or land in the wild rapids of the creek. She tightened her grip and held steady. 
Octavion smiled, then turned to look up the canyon. “If it gets too difficult—” he said over his shoulder.
“Yeah, yeah. I’ll let you know.” 
Octavion urged his horse forward while Kira’s followed. For the next few minutes, they negotiated boulders, mossy rocks, and thick vegetation. He was right. It was more difficult. 
As they neared the end of the trail, it opened to a small grassy area. Huge black rocks stood off to one side and a patch of dirt and gravel spread out on the other. When they rounded the boulders, Octavion slowed. “Hold tight. Horses don’t like the echo of their hooves.”
Kira grabbed her horse’s mane more firmly and tightened her legs against its sides. She followed Octavion around the boulders only to be taken aback by what she saw. A thin crack split the side of the cliff making an opening just big enough for the horses to fit through—single file.
“We’re going through that?” 
Octavion pulled to a stop again, this time nudging his mount around so the two horses stood head to head. “Perhaps we should turn back, Kira. The rough terrain is too difficult for your first time.” 
Kira relaxed her legs and straightened, grateful to give her tense muscles time to rest. Unfortunately, her horse took it as a sign of weakness, reared, and threw her to the ground. She landed on her side with her arm twisted under her. A loud pop met her ears just as a sharp pain shot through her arm and into her shoulder. Kira screamed, startling her horse. 
He reared again, with nostrils flaring, driving his hooves into the ground just inches from where she’d landed. Octavion flew off the side of his stallion, grabbed the rebellious steed by the neck and pulled him down, almost laying the horse on the ground. 
Octavion let out a ferocious roar that sounded like one of Toran’s. His chest heaved with every breath as veins pulsed in his forehead. His jaw tightened as he bared his teeth in a snarl. And his eyes—his deep, blue eyes—were the color of fire. 
Kira didn’t move—couldn’t move—until his wild eyes locked on hers. Fear raced through her veins as instinct kicked in and she began pushing her feet at the rocks, scooting across the ground to get away from him. 
Octavion jerked his head away, as if hiding his face from her view. He released the horse, slapped its hind end, and sent it galloping down the canyon. He stayed with his back to her until his breathing slowed. When he turned to face her, his eyes had returned to their normal blue and seemed calm.
“Are you hurt?” he asked. 
Kira still couldn’t peel her eyes away from his face. She remembered seeing his eyes change before, but not to this extent. “I . . . think I broke my arm.” Her voice quivered. Tiny beads of sweat rose on her forehead. She tried to sit up, but her arm hurt too badly to move it.
He took a step toward her, then stopped when she leaned away from him. “Kira, I am sorry if I frightened you. You need not fear me.” 
It took her a minute to find the words. “What . . . are you?” It wasn’t exactly how she intended to ask the question, especially being alone with him. What she’d seen in his face appeared to be more animal than human, but how could that be? 
“I am a man,” he said with determination. 
“What I just saw was not a man.” Tears burned her eyes as she scooted further away from him, her attention no longer on the excruciating pain in her arm, but on his reaction to her words. They’d stopped at the end of the box canyon and she had nowhere to go. He had her cornered.
His jaw tightened. “You saw nothing.”
“I’m not stupid, Octavion. What just happened?”
He ignored her words and came closer, leaning down to examine her arm. When he reached out to her, she pulled away.
“Don’t touch me.” She tried to sit up again, this time cradling her arm against her stomach and rolling to her knees. The sharp edges of the gravel bit into her bare legs, making her roll back to her side. 
“Let me help you stand.” But when he began to slip his arm behind her back, Kira slapped it away. 
“You are as stubborn as a child.” He threw his hands up.
“And you are a stubborn—man.” 
“Yes, I am,” he said, then slipped his arm around her waist, lifting her as he stood.
“Let go of me. I’m perfectly capable of standing on my own two feet.” 
He groaned at her request, then walked to a small patch of grass and lowered her back to the ground, kneeling beside her. “Kira, please stop this. Let me help you.” His eyes seemed soft and kind now.
She knew her arm was broken, and not just because she heard the crack or felt the pain. She actually sensed it in her mind. If there was ever a time to test her healing powers, this was it. “I’d like to try and heal this, but I’m not sure exactly how.” 
“It should be the same process as the cut on your palm. Lydia said you healed it with ease. Do you remember how?” 
Kira nodded, then placed her hand where she sensed the break and tried to mimic the process. This time it was different. Instead of the strange sensation, she felt extreme pain. She screamed, then pulled her hand away. “You didn’t tell me it would hurt that bad.”
“I thought you knew. You felt pain when you healed Lydia.” 
“Well, yeah, but I thought this would be different. It’s not like I’m dying.” 
“Come, I will take you back.” He offered his hand, but she refused.
“No, I can do this.” Kira wasn’t sure who she was trying to convince, him or her. 
“As you wish.” He shrugged. 
Once again, she felt the Crystor burn her flesh and the pain in her arm. It felt as though someone had taken a sharp blade and twisted it just under the skin as the bones realigned. For several seconds, she lost the feeling in her fingers. When it returned, it felt as if she’d driven her fingertips into the prickly parts of a cactus. She took a deep breath and blew it out through her mouth. “I did it.”
“Yes, you did,” he said, examining her arm. “But you need to fix this.” He pulled the Crystor away from the burn, caressing her arm with the back of his hand as he withdrew it. She quivered at his touch. Octavion raised a brow and grinned, obviously pleased at the effect he had on her.
Kira tried to pretend it was nothing by turning her attention to the burn and placing her other hand around her wrist. The mark disappeared instantly.
She sighed, trying to put her previous fears aside. “Can we walk now?” 
Octavion smiled. “Yes, it is not far.”





Chapter Seventeen

It only took a few moments to reach the end of the dark path and step into the bright sunlight. The waterfall was only a few feet wide, but stretched up over a hundred feet, where it disappeared into an opening in the rocks. The sun shone at just the right angle, creating a celestial glow that radiated out over the small blue pond at its base. Small rock outcroppings and lush green bushes surrounded the pond and flowers of rich and varied hues—a virtual rainbow of colors—dotted the landscape. 
“Oh, it’s beautiful.” 
“That it is,” he said. “This place is very special to us.”
“I can see why. It’s like stepping into a fairy tale.” 
“That . . . and it reminds us of our home.” He offered her his hand. “Would you like to get closer? It gets a little slippery, but if we are slow—”
“I’d love to,” she answered before he finished. She weaved her fingers between his and let him lead her through the small maze of rocks and bushes. When they reached the water’s edge, Octavion sat on a rock a few feet away, while Kira slipped off her shoes and socks. The water looked too inviting to resist. 
“I think I’ll get my feet wet,” she said.
Octavion folded his arms and lazily leaned back. “I’m sure the leeches won’t mind.” 
“Leeches!” She’d already sat down on the rocky ledge and dipped her feet into the water. She yanked them out just in time to hear him laugh. She wasn’t sure which shocked her more, that he’d loosened up enough to tease her or that he somehow seemed to enjoy her reaction. She glared at him. “You’re lying.” 
He shrugged his broad shoulders and smiled. 
Determined not to let him win at this little game, Kira pulled the elastic out of her ponytail and let her hair flow over her shoulders and back. Without hesitation, she stood, her toes curling over the ledge and dove in. The water had felt cold on her feet, but hadn’t prepared her for the sudden shock to her whole body as she plunged into its depths. She kicked for the surface, gasping for air. “Ahh!” she yelled as she breached the water. “It’s c—cold!” She wrapped her arms around her torso and tried to control her shivering. She looked at the bank to find his boots and vest, but Octavion was nowhere in sight. 
“Octavion?” she called.
An instant later he appeared on the cliff near the falls and she couldn’t help but admire the way the light splashed across his bronzed skin. He stretched his arms above his head, making the thick muscles across his chest bulge and flex. He stepped to the edge and leapt from the cliff in a perfect arc, hitting the water with barely a splash. 
As the ripples reached the outer edge of the pond, he slowly surfaced a few feet in front of her. She gasped as he came out of the water. It took her breath away to see him half naked and dripping wet. She swore her heart stopped for just an instant when he brushed his hands through his hair, flexing his chest muscles. He, on the other hand, flashed his dimples.
She huffed the air out of her lungs and turned to wade toward the bank, her body shivering to the core. She got as far as the rocky ledge, but before she could pull herself up out of the water, she felt the pressure of his strong hand on her shoulder. He spun her around to face him, then pulled her close. His eyes seemed as deep as the pool, the sun’s reflection making them glisten like the rest of his wet body. Fondness . . . and a hint of hesitation—that’s what she saw in his eyes. She swallowed hard. “I’m cold,” she said. “I want to get out.”
He ran his hand up the small of her back and pulled her even closer. Slowly, he brought his other hand up and brushed a strand of wet hair from her face. 
“What are you . . . doing?” Is he going to kiss me? The thought no sooner entered her mind when he brought his face closer, a lock of wet hair releasing one large drop of cold pond water that landed just below her collar bone. It tickled her skin as it made a slow path down her cleavage. 
I should pull away, shouldn’t I? She leaned her head back and closed her eyes, anticipating the feel of his lips on hers. When it didn’t come and she felt him remove his hand from her back, she looked up. Squirming between his thumb and index finger was a leech.





Chapter Eighteen

Kira didn’t know what kind of reaction Octavion anticipated, but by the look on his face he hadn’t expected her to scream. When she did, he jumped back, lost his footing and went down. By the time he came up out of the water again, Kira stood on the rock ledge, examining the rest of her body for leeches. 
“Don’t just stand there—help me. Get them off.”
Chuckling, he shook the water from his hair and leapt up beside her. “I told you there were leeches in there.” 
She pulled her hair on top of her head and spun around. “Stop laughing and look at my back. Do you see any?” 
“There was only one. You are clean,” he answered in a nonchalant manner.
“How can you be sure?” She examined her legs, pulling up the hem of her shorts to see if any had snuck up there. When he didn’t answer, she stopped and looked at him. “Oh, let me guess. You can talk to leeches, too.” 
He raised one brow, folded his arms and smirked. “I just know.” 
“Well, why don’t you have any on you?” He didn’t seem the least bit concerned that one of the parasites could be sucking his blood.
Octavion shrugged his shoulders. “They don’t like the taste.”
Kira glared at him. “What, you’re joking, right?” But then, after the past few days, she would believe just about anything.
“We think it is our royal blood. They don’t bother Altaria, but Lydia is always loaded with them. It is the only explanation.” 
“I thought you were both Royals.”
“Our father, who is king, is a Royal, but we have different mothers. My mother came from Finvarra, a neighboring kingdom, and was also a Royal. My blood is pure.” He pulled on his boots. 
Kira shook the dirt off her socks and began to pull them on as well. It wasn’t an easy task with her feet still wet. “So, who’s Lydia’s mother?” 
He sat on his rock, but this time leaned forward, placed his arms across his thighs and held his vest in his hands. “Shandira is the oldest—barely one year between us. Our mother died giving me life. My father couldn’t take care of us alone and wasn’t satisfied with any of the servants in the castle, so he sent for a nursemaid from the village to tend to our needs. It took some time, but just before my second year, he announced to our kingdom that he had chosen another bride.”
“Your nursemaid?” How romantic, she thought. 
“Yes. The kingdom began to celebrate the idea of having a new queen, but then they found out she was a commoner.”
“What happened?”
“He was the king. There was nothing anyone could do to stop him, so he married her. It was this union that caused Lydia to have a kindred spirit.”
“So, Lydia has common blood, and Altaria has royal?”
“Yes.” 
“But if they share the same body, how can their blood be different?”
He paused for a moment. “I believe it is because their spirits can manipulate their body slightly, they can also change the way blood flows and how it reacts to certain things. It isn’t something I’ve been able to figure out. I just know they react differently to things . . . like the leeches.” He turned his head to one side and took a breath through his nose. “We should go. There is a storm coming.”
Kira looked up at the sky. The cliffs hid the distant horizon, but there wasn’t a single cloud above them. “How can you tell?”
“I can smell it.” He turned to start up the hill, exposing four deep scratches that ran about six inches up the left side of his back. They’d started to heal, but were still red and scabbed over. “Octavion—stop!” 
He spun around, looking her over as if she’d found another bloodsucker crawling up her leg. “What is it?” 
“Your back . . . did I do that?” She had no idea she’d dug in that deep. No wonder he’d tossed her on her butt.
He released the tension in his shoulders. “Yes, but you needn’t concern yourself with it.” 
Kira stepped closer and touched one of the scabs with the tip of her finger. He winced. “They still hurt? Please let me try to fix them. Maybe my healing powers will work on you, too.” She placed her hand over the wounds, but he pulled away.
“Leave it,” he said. 
“But I might be able to heal them. Please, Octavion. I feel horrible about hurting you.” 
He shrugged on his vest, then offered his hand to help her up the slope. His voice, now softer, he insisted, “Leave them. They are mine to deal with as I wish.” 
She felt she had no choice. How could someone with such a perfect body want to be left with ugly scars? It didn’t make sense.
When they got back to the canyon, they found the black stallion grazing in the soft grass. Octavion grabbed the horse’s mane and swung up on its back. He offered Kira his hand.
“I think I’ll walk,” she said, rubbing her arm. Kira’s pride was one wound she couldn’t heal—besides, wet shorts on the bare back of a horse didn’t sound like such a good idea.
In the distance, the sky rumbled—the storm was on its way. 
“We must get back,” he said.
Kira reluctantly took his hand, letting him pull her up to sit behind him on the horse’s back. It was more difficult than she thought it would be, because the horse was so wide. She felt like she was doing the splits while being jostled about from side to side. She didn’t realize she had a death grip around Octavion’s waist until they broke out into the meadow and she was able to relax her arms. They ached from holding him so tight. 
Octavion leaned forward and grabbed a bigger chunk of the horse’s mane. “Hold on,” he instructed. 
“Hold on?” Kira had barely tightened her arms around his muscular torso again when he dug his heels into the horse’s rib cage. 
For the next few minutes, Kira was jostled about like a bull rider in a rodeo. Octavion’s riding skills were impeccable—he was one with the horse—but she was bouncing all over the place. It didn’t take long for the insides of her legs to ache. 
“Octavion, please stop,” she begged.
He slowed the horse to a trot and pulled back on his mane. “Whoa, boy.” 
“I’m sorry, but I’m barely hanging on back here. Can we walk for a while?” She released her hold and leaned back, resting her hands on the horse’s rump. “Please. I’d rather jog than sit on this horse another minute.” 
Octavion groaned. “Tell Lydia to be ready to ride.” Then he swung his leg over the horse’s head and slid to the ground. 
“Why can’t you tell her?”
“Shandira may hear. I’ll explain later, we need to get back.”
Kira did as he asked. “She’s not too happy,” she told him. 
“Lydia hates riding.” 
Kira swung her leg over to slide down the same way he had, but instead, he slipped his hands under her arms and guided her to the ground, pausing for a moment when their eyes met.
“Thanks,” she said.
As he turned to walk in front of her, she grabbed the seams of her shorts between her legs and pulled them down. “Ugh.” They were sticky and covered in horsehair. Disgusting.
Octavion turned to face her. “Shall I carry you?” he asked, flashing a smile.
“No,” she said. “I’m perfectly capable of walking.” 
By the time they reached the picnic spot, Lydia had packed and stood waiting by her horse. 
“Took you guys long enough,” Lydia said. 
Don’t ask. Kira glared at Lydia. You owe me. “I decided to walk.” She used that for her excuse. 
Lydia snickered. When Kira turned to see Octavion’s expression, he was already on the horse. Once again, he offered his hand. “I will take it slow,” he promised.
Dark gray clouds covered the sky, and the small rumbles they’d heard earlier were nothing compared to the cracking booms that now shook the ground. Lightening streaked across the western sky. They were in for a big one.
When Kira finally took his hand, she expected to sit behind him as before, but he scooted back on the horse and brought her up in front of him—sidesaddle.
“What are you doing?” It was embarrassing. Who rode this way anymore?
“It will be easier on your . . . constitution,” he said. 
“Well, at least show me how to hold on so I don’t fall backward.” 
He wrapped his right arm around her waist, pulling her close, and took hold of the horse’s mane with his left. “I will hold onto you,” he whispered in her ear. His warm breath rushed down her neck and she quivered. 
“You guys are so cute,” Lydia said. Kira hadn’t noticed that she’d brought her camera with her, so it surprised her when Lydia held it up to her face and snapped a picture. 
Octavion tensed. “Lydia!” he scolded. “Must we speak?” 
“I know. Don’t worry, I’ll delete it,” Lydia said.
“What’s wrong with taking pictures?” Kira asked. 
“He’s right. I can’t take pictures of this place, or us. If they got in the wrong hands—it could be dangerous.” Lydia placed the camera in her bag and zipped it shut.
“I understand,” Kira said under her breath.
Lydia handed her bag to Octavion who slung it over his back. Lydia grabbed her horse by its mane. She got about halfway up, throwing her leg over his back, but then slid off. 
“Let me help,” Octavion said.
“No! It’s just . . . the walk here took more energy than I thought.” She looked at Kira. Close your eyes.
Kira knew what Lydia was going to do. No.
Please, Kira. 
But Kira stood her ground. She’d had to deal with enough of her own fears the past few days, especially learning her friend was someone other than who she appeared to be. Perhaps it was time for Lydia to face her own.
Lydia took a deep breath and looked at her brother. He nodded, as if giving permission.
Kira didn’t know what she expected, but what she saw was nothing short of pure beauty. Instead of an awkward and chilling mutation, it seemed smooth and angelic. Lydia had transformed into a royal princess—with an attitude from hell. 
Yep, that’s Altaria, Kira thought. 
Altaria swung onto her horse with ease. “Let’s ride,” she said. The horse reared, but she held tight. When it came down hard, she buried her heels in its sides and took off. 
“Well, no wonder.” If that was the same horse Kira had ridden and the kind of riding he was used to, he was probably mad at Kira for not hanging on.
Octavion nudged his horse forward. “She likes to ride.”
“I can see that—and she’s a bit cocky, too,” Kira said. 
“That, she is.” 
By the time Octavion and Kira arrived at Lydia’s car, the clouds had opened up and rain poured down in sheets. Lydia sat in the driver’s seat, out of the weather. She opened the window enough to stick out her hand and wave. “Get in. You’re soaked.” 
Octavion slid Kira off the horse and handed her Lydia’s pack. When she turned to thank him, he was already riding away. 
“Hey!” Kira yelled.
He pulled the horse to a stop and nudged him around. 
“Thank you,” she said. “I had a good time.”
He nodded. “As did I.” Then he turned and rode down the path and out of site.
Most of the drive home was quiet. Kira went over everything she’d seen that day, trying to make her mind grab hold of it all. About halfway down the mountain, Kira looked over at Lydia to find tears streaming down her face. 
“What is it?” Kira asked.
Lydia wiped a tear from her cheek. “Nothing.”
“Pull over. We need to talk.” When the car didn’t slow, Kira grabbed Lydia’s arm. “Pull over, please.” 
Lydia took her foot off the accelerator and steered the car to the side of the road. Lydia shoved it into park and shut off the engine. She lowered her eyes to her hands and began fiddling with a loose thread on the hem of her shirt. 
“I’m sorry you had to see that,” Lydia finally said.
“What?” Kira asked.
“When I changed, it must have frightened you.”
Kira turned in her seat so she faced Lydia. “How can you say that? It was beautiful.”
Lydia shrugged. “You were so quiet. I thought maybe it scared you, or it was horrible or something. I’ve never really seen it myself, so—”
“Lydia, you have nothing to worry about. It was like watching a flower bloom. It was magical.”
Lydia smiled. “Really?”
“Yes.” 
The relief on Lydia’s face was short lived and soon her smile faded. “Then what’s bothering you?”
Kira twisted back around, facing forward again. “I just have a lot to take in, that’s all.”
Lydia nodded. “He takes a little getting used to.”
Kira shot her a look. “How . . . did he say something to you?”
“He didn’t have to. I’m his sister. I knew something was wrong. Care to enlighten me?”
“I broke my arm.”
“What?” Lydia’s eyes widened with surprise. “How did that happen?” 
“I got bucked off, that’s how.” Kira rubbed her arm. It didn’t hurt anymore, but it felt stiff, and a warm sensation still came and went. “When your stupid horse turned on me, Octavion jumped from his and almost took mine to the ground. He was really mad.” She wasn’t sure how else to explain what had happened. She didn’t want to hurt Lydia’s feelings or call him an animal after her reaction to Lydia’s transformation.
Lydia closed her eyes and sat for a moment, saying nothing. When she opened them, she looked more serious. “Does he know? That you saw him, I mean?”
Kira nodded. 
Lydia stared out the windshield. “How did you react?” 
“Like a scared little kid. And he didn’t explain anything, just denied my seeing him . . . like that.” Kira turned to face Lydia. “Why do his eyes change?”
Lydia sighed. “I’m not sure it’s my place to say. He’d be mad.” 
“Well, he’s not going to tell me. You can be sure of that.” 
“Honestly, I don’t think he intended for you to know as much as you do,” Lydia said.
“It was his idea to give me the Crystor. How did he expect me to be there for you, and not see everything I’ve seen?” 
Lydia didn’t say anything, just sat quietly.
“Lydia?”
She finally turned to face Kira. “I don’t think he expected you to live through that night.” It was almost a whisper.
“Oh.” Kira felt as though someone had sucked all the air out of her lungs. A dull ache settled around her heart. “I see.” 
“Kira, I’m sorry.”
“No. I understand now. Why he brought me back to my house without so much as a word and . . . just take me home.” Kira turned away and stared out the side window at the trees. “Please, just take me home.”
Lydia started the engine, and slipped the car into gear. “I’m sorry,” she said again, but Kira didn’t respond.
When they reached Kira’s driveway, Lydia retrieved her pack and pulled out her camera. She opened the flap on the side and removed the memory card. “Will you save the ones near the bridge and delete the rest?”
“Yeah.” Kira took the card. “Can I ask you something?”
“Of course.”
“Is that why he doesn’t live down here—because he doesn’t want anyone to see him like that?”
“Partly. He actually tried it for a while. When we first arrived in Montana, he cut his hair short, pulled on a pair of blue jeans, and got a job in construction.”
“Montana?” Kira’s mind wandered back to when she was younger. Her grandfather lived in Montana and she used to visit him there in the summertime. Then an imagine of Octavion in blue jeans popped into her head and the memory faded. “So, what happened?”
“He hated it. For one thing, he doesn’t get along very well with people. And for another . . .” She paused for a moment. “He has a temper.”
“Oh, really? I hadn’t noticed.” 





Chapter Nineteen

Giving his mount a tap on the rump, Octavion released it to graze in the meadow with the other horses. He didn’t like restraining animals, so had trained them to stay close. It helped that he had a gift with such creatures—they trusted him. 
Anxious to get out of his wet clothes, Octavion returned to his lair before the girls even pulled out of the parking area. Lydia had sent word that Kira seemed abnormally quiet, and she was concerned that Altaria’s appearance had frightened her. Several minutes later, Lydia sent another message that struck his temples and gave him a splitting headache. 
Thanks a lot, Octavion. You give me all these rules of what I can and can’t tell Kira, and then you go and expose our heritage. Now what am I supposed to say to her? How will I explain what she saw? AAAH! It infuriates me that you can’t answer. Meet me at my house. We need to talk. 
Octavion ignored her as best he could and didn’t obey her commands. The last thing he wanted was a confrontation with his sister—especially since she was right. What he’d done was stupid. Even more, he’d put Kira’s life at risk. What if her fall had caused an injury that bled? 
And then there was the ride back in the rain. His face had been buried in her hair for most of the trip. Her scent almost forced him over the edge. He couldn’t get away fast enough to stifle the burn that attacked the back of his throat. It was careless of him, allowing her to be so close after the moon’s dark phase.
He took in a deep breath, trying to suppress the hunger that twisted in his gut, but it only made the need stronger. He looked down at his vest to find that two long, red hairs had caught in the leather lace of his vest, then realized her wet hair had pressed against him, leaving her sweet incense behind. He ripped off his vest as the muscles in his back swelled. The primal instincts that plagued him took over his senses and heightened his hunger.

He needed to feed.





Chapter Twenty

Since the next day was Memorial Day and there was no school, Kira sent a message to Lydia who agreed to meet her at the park. Their plan was to have a normal girl’s day out, with no talk of magic or other worlds. Lydia offered to pick her up, but Kira wanted the exercise and decided to walk instead. Plus, she needed to clear her head.
When she got to the park, Lydia wasn’t there yet. Kira decided to find some shade and relax while she waited. She’d just sat down on a bench when she heard the squeal of brakes and a child’s scream. Instinct kicked in and before Kira processed what she was doing, she’d made her way to where a crowd had formed. Pushing her way through, she saw a young woman holding a little girl, her eyes overflowing with tears. 
“Save him, Mommy,” she cried. 
Kira looked to the pavement to find a little white dog and it didn’t appear to be breathing.
“I’m so sorry, ma’am. He just came out of nowhere,” a man said as he bent to pick the dog up from the ground.
Kira pushed her way forward and knelt down to take the dog from him. “Sir, let me see him.” She just wanted to make sure it wasn’t dead, she told herself, but all she could think about was how upset the child was, and how Octavion would approve of her healing it. After all, he loved animals. He wouldn’t want one to suffer.
The man handed Kira the limp pup.
Kira knew instantly that the dog wasn’t breathing, but she felt a faint heartbeat. As with her broken arm, she concentrated on the injuries and found that she actually saw them in her mind. He had a broken hip and some internal bleeding.
“Can you save him?” the girl asked, big tears streaming down her freckled cheeks.
I can heal him, Kira thought. “I think he just got the wind knocked out of him,” she lied. She tried to be inconspicuous by stroking his side. She closed her eyes and focused on healing him. A prickly sensation ran down her arm and into her hand, making her pull away. The tips of her fingers tingled. Instantly, the dog took a breath and the crowd gasped in unison. 
“He’s alive,” she heard a man say from behind her.
With one more stroke of her hand, the fluffy little creature sprang from Kira’s arms and ran to its owner. 
“Fuzzy!” the little girl cried, taking her friend into her arms and hugging it tight.
The crowd cheered. 
“Thank you,” the mother said.
Kira shrugged. “He was just winded.” 
That felt good. Kira stood and watched for a moment as the crowd began to dissipate, but when she turned around, a young boy stood in front of her holding a cell phone up as if taking pictures. What have I done? The thought no sooner left her mind when a strong hand pulled her up onto the curb. 
“What did you do?” Lydia asked, panic in her voice. 
“I’m sorry. The little girl was crying and—”
“You promised.” Lydia pulled her across the grass and behind a tree where they had more privacy. “Did anyone see you? Did you hear anyone say it was a miracle or anything like that?”
“No.” She didn’t dare tell her about the cell phone. Lydia would freak. “Do you have to tell Octavion?” 
Lydia let out a huff of air. “I don’t think he needs anything else to worry about.” But then she closed in on Kira so that their faces were mere inches apart. “You can’t do this again. You understand that, right?” 
“Never again. I promise.” Kira reached up and tucked a piece of flyaway hair behind her ear, putting the Crystor in Lydia’s view. 
Lydia grabbed Kira’s wrist and pulled it closer to her face. “What’s this?” 
Kira had taken a heart charm off an old necklace earlier that morning and attached it to the bracelet to make it look more feminine. “It’s just a charm. I thought it looked good on there.” 
Lydia let go of Kira’s hand and leaned back against the tree. “Oh, Kira. Octavion said you knew.”
“Knew what?”
“When he explained what happened the night I was hurt, he said you couldn’t see it at first. That means it’s probably invisible to those from your world.”
“What?” Kira had completely forgotten about that. So much happened that first night, none of it seemed real. How was she supposed to remember such a small detail? She grabbed the charm and unhooked it. “I’m sorry, Lydia. I forgot.”
“Hopefully no one noticed, because all they would see is a charm hanging in midair, attached to nothing.”
“What will happen if someone noticed?”
Lydia didn’t answer, but Kira knew by the deep furrow in her brow that she was worried. “I’m sorry, Kira. I might have to tell him now. He’ll want to know.”
Kira’s heart sank. “I understand.” 
Neither one of them felt much like chatting, so Lydia took her home. Kira spent the rest of the day going through the pictures. When she got to those Lydia had taken of the box canyon, she systematically erased them—one by one—except when the last picture came into view. It was the one of Octavion and Kira on the horse. She hesitated for a moment, not sure if she should go against his wishes. But then, who would know? She performed a few editing tricks to her flyaway hair and cropped the edges of the photo. When it came out of the printer, it was perfect—if nothing else, she had one thing to remind her all this was real. 
She took the photo to her closet. On the top shelf she kept a box for old photos and keepsakes. She pulled it down, placed the photo on top of the pile, and replaced the box. For a split second she considered reaching for the box and destroying the photo, but then she stopped herself. It was just one photo. What could it hurt?





Chapter Twenty One

The following day, Kira got up early and spent the morning moving her desk into the living room and placing some of her personal items around the house so the space didn’t seem so bare. She’d just grabbed her backpack and was on the way out the door for school when Lydia’s thoughts slipped into her head. 
Kira. Octavion found out and he’s not happy. He’s coming. I’m so sorry.
Kira’s heart leapt into her throat, but before she could react, the door flew open and Octavion stormed in with Lydia not far behind.
“What have you done?” he roared, as he came at her. 
Kira’s first instinct was to cower, but her newfound courage took over and she stood her ground, meeting his stance with her head held high. 
“Get out!” she yelled, pointing to the door. “You have no right to come in here and talk to me like that.”
For just an instant, his expression changed, as if he reconsidered his angry approach. But then he took a step back and began shouting again. “You have put us all in danger. What were you thinking?” 
“Octavion. Stop it!” Lydia forced her way between them.
“Stay out of this.” He pushed her aside, but she came back with fury in her eyes.
“Octavion! Knock it off!” Lydia doubled her fist and tried to hit him, but he caught her hand.
As he turned to face her, he tightened his grip and pushed her halfway to the ground. “I said, stay out of this!” 
Kira hit him—hard—right in the stomach. Her hand bounced off, but it got his attention. He let go of Lydia and went after Kira. When he grabbed the front of her shirt in his hand, she was ready to fight. She took hold of his vest and twisted it in her fist. 
“Go ahead, hit me,” she said. 
Octavion’s face instantly softened and he released her, stepping back. Kira was surprised to see shame and embarrassment in his eyes. 
“I would never hit you. I am angry because of the situation you have put us in.” He held out his hand toward Lydia and grabbed a newspaper out of her hand. He shoved it in Kira’s face. “Explain yourself.” 
Right there on the front page of the local newspaper, a picture of Kira holding a little white dog looked back at her. The caption read: “Mystery Girl Saves Toddler’s Puppy.” If that wasn’t bad enough, it happened to catch a little heart pendant suspended in midair dangling below her right wrist.
Kira leaned against her desk. “It happened so fast. I didn’t think . . .” 
“You are right,” Octavion said. “You did not think.” 
Lydia plopped onto the couch and folded her arms. “You should have told her about the Crystor. You can’t blame her for that.” 
He shot his sister a glare. 
Kira looked closer at the picture. “Look, as bad as this is, you can’t see my face. You can only see the back of my head. The picture is focused on the little girl and her dog.” She waited for a response. When she didn’t get one, she continued, “Besides, if they knew who I was, it wouldn’t say ‘Mystery Girl,’ right?” 
“She has a point,” Lydia said.
Octavion grabbed the paper out of Kira’s hand, took another look, and tossed it on the floor. “This better not come back on us.” 
Whew. That was fun. Lydia thought. 
Not so much. Kira expected Octavion to make another rude comment, but his attention had shifted to something behind her. She tried to follow his line of sight, but the only thing he could be looking at was a group of pictures she’d just tacked to the far wall. “What are you looking at?”
Octavion crossed the room and ripped the photo from under the tack.
“Hey, stop messing with my stuff.” 
He looked closer at the picture, then turned it so Kira could see. “What is this?”
Feeling like she needed to lighten the atmosphere, Kira answered very slowly. “It is a pho-to-graph.” 
He raised one brow, and she could tell he was trying not to smile. He walked closer and held it up to her face. “Is this you?” 
Kira leaned back a few inches so her eyes could focus. The photo was of her at an archery tournament her sophomore year in high school—a side view of her pulling back her bow. “Yeah, why?”
Lydia stood and tried to get a better look. “You’re an archer?”  
“What’s the big deal? Archery was one of the most popular clubs—until they dropped it.” 
“Do you still have your bow?” Octavion asked.
“Yeah, it’s in my closet. Why?” One minute he wanted to rip her face off, and the next, he wanted her to relive her glory days. This guy needed some serious therapy. 
“Get it.” He ordered, but then changed his tone. “Please.” 
Kira hesitated before going to her closet. It took her a few minutes to dig through the mess, but she finally found the bow against the back wall. “It needs to be restrung, but it’s still in good shape,” she said as she handed it to him. 
He’s like a kid with a new toy, she thought so only Lydia could hear. 
Lydia grinned. “We’re gonna be late for school.”
Octavion glanced briefly at both girls and then dismissed them with a wave of his hand.

* * * * *

“Well, that was interesting,” Lydia said as she pulled out of Kira’s driveway. 
“For you, maybe. I seem to have a gift for getting under his skin.”
Lydia laughed. “Better you than me. Who do you think he’s been practicing on all these years?”
“At least you didn’t scratch the crap out of his back. He won’t even let me heal it.”
Lydia took her eyes off the road and glanced at Kira, then looked back with a smirk.
“What?” Kira asked.
“Oh, nothing.”
Kira poked Lydia on the arm. “Tell me. Did he say something to you about his scratches?”
“He didn’t have to. But the fact that he won’t let you heal them speaks volumes.”
“Well, not to me,” Kira said. “Is he still mad and planning to get even or something?”
“Not hardly. It’s an animal thing—like when a dog marks his territory.”
This time, Kira laughed. “Dogs pee to mark their territory.”
“Okay, so that was a bad example, but the truth is, I think he likes that you’re the one that gave him those scars and he’s wearing them with pride.” 
“In your dreams, maybe. He hates me.” 
Lydia pulled into the parking lot and shut off the engine. She turned so Kira could see her face clearly. “He cares about you. He has for quite some time.”
A little swarm of butterflies took up residence in Kira’s stomach and began to flutter around. He likes me? “But he’s only known me for a few days. How could he like me?”
“That’s not true. He’s known you as long as I have.”
Kira hadn’t thought about that. “But we’ve never met.”
“Well, actually . . .” Lydia bit her bottom lip. “You’ve met, he just . . .” She paused for a moment and then whispered, “He made you forget.”
“What?” Kira felt the blood drain from her face. They’d messed with her memory and she had no idea? It certainly explained why Octavion’s face seemed so familiar to her. He’d obviously left some image of him in the back of her mind. “How . . . how many times has he done that to me?” 
Lydia avoided her eyes. 
“How many times? I want to know.”
Lydia brought her head up and looked at Kira with a guilt-stricken expression. “Just one other time, but it was my fault, not his.”
“What exactly did I . . . forget?” 
“I tried to tell you about myself once, but Octavion found out. He said it was too dangerous, so—he erased it from your memory.”
“And that’s the only other time? You swear?”
“Yes.”
“Well, don’t do that again. Not unless I know first and say it’s okay.” 
Lydia nodded. Then she flashed her crooked smile. “I really am sorry.”
Kira shook her head and smiled back. “You better be.” It was impossible to stay mad at Lydia for very long. She had this uncanny way of making things seem okay. “So tell me something,” Kira said. “If he likes me so much, why is he always mad at me? I mean, you said he wanted me dead.”
“Kira. I didn’t say he wanted you dead. I said he thought you’d die. There’s a big difference.”
“Not to me,” Kira said. “He didn’t seem to have any problem asking me to wear the Crystor, or wanting me to give my life to save yours. That doesn’t sound like someone who cares about me.” Her stomach twisted into a knot. 
Lydia sighed. “He gave his word to protect me. He honors that above everything, even his feelings for you. It isn’t the first time he’s sacrificed his happiness for my safety, and I doubt it will be the last.” She found Kira’s eyes. “You don’t know how hard it was for him to watch you in pain. If he could have taken your place, he would have.” 
Kira thought for a moment. “Okay, so that explains the wanting me dead part, but why is he always so angry? His temper sucks.”
Lydia smiled. “How would you feel if you liked someone, knew everything about them and wanted a relationship with them, but they didn’t know you even existed? You’d be pretty frustrated, too.”
“Well, that’s not my fault. Why take it out on me?” 
Lydia shrugged. “He’s a man?” 





Chapter Twenty Two

When the girls arrived at Kira’s house after school, Octavion waited near the front door. He motioned for Lydia to park, then ushered them both into the house and slammed the door behind him.
“Now what did I do?” Kira asked.
He walked over to her desk, picked up a small photo album and held it out in front of him. “That depends on what you plan to do with these.”
Kira had gone through some of Lydia’s best shots and arranged them in a little album to give her as a graduation present. “What are you doing snooping through my stuff? That was supposed to be a surprise for your sister. Give it to me!” She tried to grab the album out of his hand, but he was too fast and raised it above his head so she couldn’t reach it.
“Are there any more?” he asked.
“Yes, but why does it matter to you?” Kira tried to grab them again, but missed.
Kira, what pictures did you use?
They’re just of scenery, the ones you took months ago.
With the book still in his hand, he turned to face his sister. “I told you how dangerous this could be. You gave me your word.” His voice was calm, but a hint of anger hid behind his words, like the calm before a storm.
Lydia slowly lowered herself to sit on the couch, but said nothing. 
“Lydia!” Octavion yelled. And then the storm hit. “I want all of them, now!” He threw the book against the wall, breaking open the metal rings and spilling pictures onto the floor.
“Stop it!” Kira cried. “What’s wrong with you?” She stepped to where the book landed and started picking up the scattered pages. Lydia jumped to her feet and tried to help by slipping some of the photos back into their plastic sleeves. She picked up a picture of wild flowers decorating a weathered gravestone and tears instantly filled her eyes. 
Octavion let out a huff of air and went to her side to comfort her—a complete contrast to his earlier outburst. He took the photo in his hand and studied it for a moment. “Please tell me this is not what I fear it is.”
She looked into her brother’s eyes, tears streaming down her cheeks. “It is.” Her voice was barely a whisper.
“But . . . how?” he asked. His brow furrowed in confusion.
Lydia took one last look at the photo he still held in his hand, wiped the tears from her face and stood. “I’ll get my camera.” But instead of walking out the front door to her car, she threw the door open and took off on a dead run past the living room window in the opposite direction. Kira jumped to her feet to go after her, stopping when she felt Octavion’s hand clamp down on her wrist. 
“Let her go.”
“No! She needs—”
“To be alone,” he said more sternly. “She needs time to herself.”
Kira jerked her arm out of his grasp. “Fine! Then explain to me what just happened.” She took the photo from his hand and studied it. “How could you hate something so beautiful?”
Octavion gathered the photos and stood. “Come and I will show you.” He took her hand and led her to the couch where they both sat. He selected three photos from the pile of loose pictures and laid them on the table where she could see them clearly. One was the gravestone and the other two were different angles of a crumbling stone structure. He opened the album to a photo of an old iron gate. “These are not of your world. They are of Xantara.”
“What?” Kira looked at him in disbelief. “But how is that possible? You said you haven’t been back and . . . oh, Lydia.” The hair on Kira’s arms pricked at her skin. No wonder he was so angry with her. Lydia had discovered a way to go back without him knowing.
“Now you understand?”
“Yeah. I think so.”
“Will you help me destroy them?”
Kira looked one last time at the photos, then slid them closer to Octavion with a quick swipe of her hand. “No, you’ll have to do it. I can’t bear to break her heart. She loves taking pictures. It’s who she is.”
“No, this is not who she is. She is a princess, the youngest daughter of the king of Xantara and she needs to be reminded of that.”
“Maybe she was in your world, but here . . . she’s . . . my friend.”
Octavion didn’t answer, just gathered all the photos and walked out the back door to burn them in the yard. When he returned, Kira surrendered the memory cards—that he crumbled in one hand—and deleted the pictures she’d saved on her computer.
Shortly after he left, it began to rain. It only added to her somber mood. Kira tried to keep busy by catching up on the homework she’d missed the week before, but she just couldn’t concentrate. 
As evening drew near, someone knocked on her front door. Thinking it might be Lydia coming back to talk, she opened the door without even thinking about who might be on the other side. To her surprise, a young man stood on her porch, dripping wet.
“Sorry to bother you, but my car died and I need to use your phone to call for a tow.” He looked honest enough. He had long, dark hair pulled back into a ponytail and wore black jeans and a blue T-shirt. He had strong facial features, but his smile seemed nice. Kira guessed him to be nineteen or twenty.
She looked over his shoulder to find an old beat-up Camaro sitting on the side of the road. Most of it was blue, but the front fender and passenger door were red. The hood was propped up with a stick and steam spewed from the radiator. 
“I’m sorry,” she said. “I don’t have a phone.” Another thing her mother packed up and took with her. 
A gust of cool moist air hit her and goose bumps rose on her arms. If it weren’t for the chilled air coming through the door, she’d have thought her sense of danger was warning her. She tried to laugh it off, but then she caught a glimpse of something strange in his brown eyes—an emptiness, like looking into a hollow abyss. She’d never seen eyes like that. She took a step back to put more space between them. 
“Oh,” he said. He looked past her at the sparsely furnished room. “You have a nice home.”
“Thanks. I’m sorry I can’t help, but there’s another house a ways down the road that will probably have a phone.” She pointed, so he’d know which direction to go.
His eyes left her face just long enough to look at her extended hand—and wrist. “Nice bracelet.”
Kira’s chest tightened at his words and the hair on her arms pricked at her skin. She slowly lowered her hand and met his eyes again. This time she knew it wasn’t the cool air that made the hair on her arms stand up. “What did you say?” 
A sinister grin spread across his face. “I said . . . nice bracelet.” His voice deepened and suddenly held the same accent Octavion’s did. 
Before Kira registered what was happening he’d entered the room and closed the door behind him. She stumbled back against the arm of the couch, then stepped around it so she could increase the distance between them. “Who are you?”
He didn’t answer, just grabbed her by the neck, and slammed her back against the wall with so much force, the mirror that hung there fell to the ground and shattered. He gathered her hands and held them above her head with one of his while pressing his right thumb to her windpipe. “Where is she?” 
Lydia! I’m in trouble! “Where’s who?” Kira tried to catch her breath, praying Lydia wasn’t so angry about the pictures that she would block her thoughts. 
“Do not play games with me, little girl. There is only one way you can have that thing on your wrist. Where is she?” The muscles in his face tensed. Veins bulged under his skin, and his glaring eyes were black. An evil, sick feeling crept into her stomach and twisted at her gut.
Kira, what’s wrong? Lydia’s voice seeped into her frantic thoughts. 
A man. He can see the Crystor . . . “I don’t know what you’re talking about. I found it,” she lied. 
He let out a ferocious cry, then lifted her off the ground and tossed her across the room. She landed on the flimsy coffee table, smashing it. A sharp pain struck her left side. “Stop!” Lydia! Help! He’s gonna kill me. 
Altaria’s voice filled her head. We’re coming. Hold on. 
Kira couldn’t breathe. She tried to get up, but as she pulled her knees under her, the man shoved her down on to her stomach with the weight of his body and yanked her hair back. 
“Tell me now, wench. Where is she?” He tightened his grip on her hair and pressed the cold blade of a knife to the base of her throat as the front door exploded off the hinges.
“Looking for me, old friend?” Octavion roared.
The man withdrew the knife and shoved her aside with a swift kick of his boot. What Kira had witnessed in the canyon was no comparison to the transformation she saw Octavion make now. In the time it took him to fly across the room and take the man to the ground, his entire body changed. 
The muscles across his shoulders and back exploded into a bulging mass of lean tendons. The bridge of his nose widened as the pupils of his fiery yellow eyes widened, and his teeth—she couldn’t stop staring at his teeth. They weren’t as big as Toran’s, but they were still that of a wild cat, with razor sharp fangs that would easily rip the flesh from any animal or human. His form was still that of a man, but there was enough of him that wasn’t—a mutation of wild animal filled with rage. 
Octavion picked the man up and threw him against the kitchen doorframe. He stumbled to his feet, flashed a wicked grin, and turned toward the kitchen with Octavion on his heels. Kira heard the shatter of glass as they blew through her back door and into the yard.
The stabbing pain in Kira’s side wouldn’t let her take in more than tiny, ragged puffs of air. It was all she could do to stay focused and not pass out.
“Kira!” Altaria ran through the doorway, jumping over the broken door that now lay on the living room floor. “What happened? Who did this?” 
Kira couldn’t take in enough air to speak, so she pointed in the direction of the kitchen. Where were you? I was so scared.
“There was another one in front. I had to take care of him.” 
“What?” Kira squeaked.
“He’s gone. You’re safe, for now. Can you sit?” 
Kira shook her head. I think my ribs are broken. One may have punctured my lung. I can’t breathe, and it really hurts. 
“We need to get out of here. Let me help you.” Altaria reached under Kira’s arm and tried to pull her up.
“Stop!” It hurts too much, Kira begged as the room blurred.
Octavion entered from the back of the house. His breathing seemed heavy, but he’d returned to his normal form. His human form. Kira didn’t want to think about that. Not now. 
He motioned for Altaria to move aside and knelt beside Kira. He seemed gentle and calm and there was no sign of the beast he’d become only minutes before. He slipped one arm under Kira’s back and the other beneath her knees, lifting her into his arms. 
Kira screamed, exhausting what little air she’d managed to pull into her lungs. She tried to draw in more. “It hurts,” she cried. 
“I know,” Octavion said. “I will try to be gentle, but you must be brave. We need to go. There might be more of them.” He stepped through the front door into the yard. “Altaria. Hold on to my back.” 
“Who was it?” Altaria asked.
“Bastian.”
“I should have guessed.” She wrapped her arms around his neck. “Go!” 
“Kira, close your eyes,” he said, but as he tightened his grip on her body, the pain took away her breath and her world went black.





Chapter Twenty Three

Bastian’s sadistic glare held Kira in place as his hateful taunts echoed in her mind. He shoved her against the wall, making the pain in her side seize her breath. She tried to fight, hitting and kicking him with every ounce of energy she could summon. The blows she managed to deliver only increased his anger—and her pain. 
“Let go of me!” she screamed. 
“Kira, wake up. It’s me.” The distant voice sounded almost familiar, but she couldn’t give in. She had to fight. 
Kira took another swing at Bastian’s face and connected. “Get off me!” 
“Kira, please wake up.” The voice seemed closer now, but still only a whisper.
She screamed out loud and the sound of her own voice silenced Bastian’s words and brought her from her nightmare. Her living room faded away and the calmness of the forest engulfed her. She lay in Octavion’s arms as he held her trembling body close to his. 
“He . . . hurt me. Why did he have to do that?” she sobbed. 
“Shh. It’s okay. You are safe.” He brushed a lock of hair from her face. 
Altaria crouched at Kira’s feet. “You should make something to help with the pain.”
“I have a better idea.” Octavion slowly released Kira to lie on the mattress of fur and stood. “Stay with her and do not let her fall back to sleep. I will be right back.”
Kira watched as Octavion walked from her view and Altaria came closer. She knelt by her side and drew a blanket up around Kira’s shoulders. The pain in her side was so severe, she felt herself drifting in and out of consciousness. Altaria’s face began to blur again. 
“Kira! Don’t. You need to stay awake.”
“It . . . hurts,” Kira said between short pain-filled breaths.
Altaria’s brow furrowed with concern. “I know. But you are the only one who can heal your injury. You must stay awake.” 
Kira tried to listen, but Altaria’s voice became more and more distant until an uncontrollable spasm struck the back of her throat and the muscles in her chest tightened into a cough. She tried to hold back, fearing more pain, but something was lodged in her throat and she’d choke if she didn’t get it out. 
Altaria must have sensed her need because she rolled Kira onto her good side and held a piece of cloth to her mouth. A mass of fresh and clotted blood hit the cloth and trickled to the ground. 
“Octavion!” Altaria cried. “She’s spitting up blood.”
Kira felt the darkness engulf her. She heard voices, but they seemed so far away and she couldn’t quite make out what they said. Strong hands clamped down on her shoulders. She jerked her eyes open to see Octavion beside her. 
“Kira, you have to stay awake. If you fall asleep, you will die.”
All Kira could think about was the first night they met and how she’d somehow cheated death when healing Lydia. She wrapped her trembling fingers around his forearm. “I was supposed to die . . . remember?”
“Stop that! You have to stay awake. Do you understand?”
Kira nodded.
“Toran, come,” Octavion ordered. 
Kira turned her head to see a blur of black and white fur drop to the ground next to her. Toran stretched his neck out and laid his head on her side. The slightest pressure on her broken ribs was almost unbearable at first, but then she felt his body tense and the pain began to diminish. His rhythmic purr vibrated through her chest and she welcomed its comfort. 
“Is that better?” Octavion asked. He took her hand in his.
“Yeah.” She tried to smile. “He’s so warm.” 
“You have to heal yourself,” Altaria said. “We cannot do it for you.”
“I know, but—I don’t think I can.” She remembered the energy it took to heal Lydia, and there was no way she could go through that now. It would kill her.
Altaria stepped closer. “Yes, you can. Do not think of healing everything at once. Concentrate on just the rib that has pierced your lung—then on the lung itself. See it in your mind filling with life. Can you do that?” 
Octavion placed his hand on the side of her face and looked into her eyes intently. “You are strong, Kira.” A grave expression crossed his face. “It will hurt, but Toran will help with that.”
Kira swallowed hard. “Okay.”
Octavion carefully slid Kira’s hand between her ribs and Toran’s fur, leaving his hand on top to keep hers in place. “Whenever you are ready.”
Kira drew in as much air as she could, closed her eyes, and tried to see the broken parts of her body becoming whole again. Her ribs shifted and twisted beneath her skin and she actually felt the bones mending as though being welded together with the heat of a torch. It burned clean through to her back and down her spine. The fragile lung tissues mended as well. 
When her breathing returned to normal and it was no longer as painful, she opened her eyes and stopped the healing process. She still felt two cracked ribs, but they would have to wait. She could heal them when her strength returned, but for now, all she wanted was to sleep.
Altaria patted Toran on the head. “Good boy. Come with me.” She motioned for him to follow.
“No,” Kira protested. “Can he stay here? Please.” She rubbed him behind one of his ears. “Would you like that, buddy?” He began to purr again.
“You will spoil him,” Octavion chastised. 
“He deserves to be spoiled after what he just went through.” 
Toran stretched out beside her. She pulled up the covers and snuggled against the warmth of his thick, lush fur. 
Octavion sat back on his heels and held her gaze.
“What’s wrong?” Kira asked, struggling to keep her heavy eyelids open.
He shook his head. “I will find a place tomorrow where you will feel safe.”
“Safe?” The image of Bastian’s attack returned and no matter how much she tried, she couldn’t hold back her tears. How would she ever feel safe again? “They know where I live, Octavion. I can’t stay with my mom, I don’t even know where she went—not that she’d want me.” She paused for a moment to stifle a sob. “Lydia . . . she’s the only family I have now. Where am I . . . supposed to go?”
Moisture filled his eyes as Octavion gently brushed a tear from her cheek. “I do not know.”
“Then why can’t I stay here?” she asked. 
His brow furrowed with confusion. “How can you ask that after what you’ve seen and the pain you’ve had to endure because of us?”
“You saved my life. How can I feel anything but safe when I’m with you?”
He searched her eyes, as if he, too, could read in them more than what she said. “Because, when I am like that—what you saw—I could hurt you, Kira. You were right to question what I am, to wonder what I am capable of doing. I should never have involved you in our lives.”
“But you didn’t—hurt me I mean. And it wasn’t your fault, it was mine. I healed that stupid dog. I knew it was wrong and I did it anyway.” Kira wiped the tears from her face and pulled her covers tight around her neck. She could hardly keep her eyes open, let alone carry on a civilized conversation. “Can we talk about this tomorrow? I’m really tired.” 
His shoulders relaxed as he let out a deep sigh. “Of course.” But he didn’t leave her side. He continued to watch her while gently stroking the hair away from her face. “I thought I had lost you—it frightened me.” 
He tucked the covers in around her shoulders and leaned in, kissing her on the forehead. “Tomorrow, then—sleep well.”
Kira closed her eyes and smiled. “See, being nice to me isn’t so hard.” She didn’t open her eyes to see his expression, but imagined the corners of his mouth curving upward and the dimples she’d grown to admire deepening in his cheeks. And then she let herself imagine his deep blue eyes when he let down his guard long enough for her to read the kindness of his heart. If she could hold onto those images as she slept, maybe she could keep Bastian out of her dreams.





Chapter Twenty Four

Octavion crouched near the fire watching the flames lick the night air. He should have put Kira in the cave where she’d be sheltered from the cold, but he needed the fresh air to weaken her scent—at least for tonight. He glanced up through the tree branches to find a tiny sliver of light cradled in a puff of grey clouds. The further away from the moon’s dark phase, the more time he could spend with her. It was getting easier with each day that passed.
He stirred the coals before taking another glance in Kira’s direction. Even at a distance, he could see her shivering. 
Lydia rolled over under her covers and opened her eyes to thin slits. “Why are you still awake?” she whispered while fighting a yawn. “Thinking of new ways to piss me off?”
He recognized her goading and he wasn’t about to give in to her and have an argument. Not tonight. “Stoking the fire.” He gestured toward Kira. “I sent Toran to check the perimeter.”
“Bring her closer to the fire.”
Octavion shook his head. “The wind keeps shifting. She would either have a face full of smoke or have the wind at her back. She is better off in the shelter.”
Lydia rose up on one elbow. Her eyes wide open now. “Octavion?”
“Hmm?”
“Maybe you should just, ya know . . . hold her.” 
This time her voice was softer and held meaning. Octavion studied his sister’s eyes, thinking her words were sarcasm. But all he saw was a tender heart and a genuine concern for her friend. And maybe a little prodding for her big brother. It had been a long time since Octavion had allowed himself to feel and Lydia knew it. 
He turned back to look at Kira’s trembling form. In the past few months, he’d spent more time than he cared to admit watching over her, taking in her every move. The way her auburn hair swayed when she walked. Her sweet voice as it drifted through the air and found his ears, even at a distance. Her laughter was like a finely tuned instrument that sang to his senses. He’d wanted to hold her in his arms for so long that the past few days seemed like a dream just to be close to her—a dream that quickly turned into a nightmare. 
“She won’t mind.” Lydia interrupted his thoughts.
Octavion swallowed hard. “I could make something warm to drink. Tea perhaps. That would keep her warm.”
“She doesn’t need tea. She needs you. If you can’t see that, maybe you don’t deserve her. Besides, you need to rest.”
He took in a deep breath and blew it out through his mouth. “If she hates me come morning—”
“She won’t. I promise.” Lydia wiggled down under the covers and turned her back to him again. A few seconds later she mumbled, “A girl could die of pneumonia waiting for you.”
Octavion growled loud enough so she could hear it. It wasn’t the fear of holding Kira close that made him uneasy; it was admitting how he felt about her. He’d drawn an invisible wall between him and Kira and sworn never to cross it. Now that wall was quickly crumbling. If he lowered it, and let her into his heart, he’d have to tell her the truth about who he is—about what he is—and that was what he feared most. 
He dropped the stick he’d been using to stir the fire and stood. Holding her in his arms would be easy. Keeping her there was another story altogether.





Chapter Twenty Five

“Lydia?” Where am I?
“Shh. She is sleeping.” Octavion’s voice startled Kira. She didn’t realize she lay in his arms. She tried to push herself up to sit, but he pulled her back, cradling her against his chest. “Kira, you need to rest. It is still early.”
“I need to get up.” Why does my stomach hurt? 
“No, be still,” he whispered.
“Seriously, Octavion. I think I’m gonna be sick.” Kira’s stomach churned as she felt the increased saliva rise in her throat. She covered her mouth. 
Octavion jumped to his feet and helped Kira stand, leading her around the shelter and into the trees. She’d only taken a few steps when she heaved the contents of her stomach onto the ground. She grabbed the nearest tree and waited for another surge. It came quickly, followed by another and another. 
“What’s wrong with me?”
Octavion supported her around the waist with his arm while he kept her hair from getting into the mess. “The blood from your lungs must have settled in your stomach. You coughed a lot last night and made no attempt to spit it up.” 
Kira tried to straighten, but another surge hit, this time giving up nothing. The spasms came and went—making her broken ribs ache. She leaned her back against the tree and waited for Octavion to return with water. She took a swig, rinsed her mouth and spat it onto the ground. The second drink, she swallowed. 
“Thanks.” She handed him the container and wiped her mouth with the sleeve of her shirt. 
Octavion helped Kira to the shelter and sat with his back against the lean-to. He motioned for her to lie in his arms again, but she wanted to see his face so she sat across from him and drew the blanket around her shoulders to take away the morning chill. 
“What’s wrong? You seem different. Has something happened to Lydia?” Kira looked over her shoulder to find, not Lydia, but her kindred spirit sleeping in the other shelter. She looked peaceful enough.
“She is fine. She is still angry with me about her photographs, but we can deal with that later.” When he raised his eyes to meet hers, his serious expression set her back—something was wrong. “I need to speak with you about something. Perhaps we could take breakfast near the creek and let Altaria rest.”
“I’m not gonna like this, am I?”
“Probably not.”
While Kira waited for Octavion to stoke the fire and bring her breakfast, she concentrated on healing what was left of her injuries. Altaria still lay in her shelter and Toran sat near the fire, cleaning his face with his paws. She wondered what her life would be like now. Would she be able to finish school and graduate or would she hide here on the mountain with Lydia and her brother? As much as she wanted everything to return to normal, she knew it couldn’t, not with Shandira and Bastian out there. 
And then she had another thought—what would happen to her when this was all over? Would Lydia and Octavion go back to Xantara and leave her behind? The very thought of never seeing them again made her eyes fill with tears. She wiped them away with the back of her hand and tried not think about what her future held. She just needed to get through this one day. And then the next. And the next.
When Octavion returned with an armful of apples, oranges and a melon, she was grateful for the distraction—and more than curious about where he’d gotten so much fresh fruit.
“Do you have a grocery store through those trees?” she whispered. “Where did you get that stuff?”
He flashed a mischievous grin. “Trade secret.”
“Tell me,” she begged, still trying to be quiet. But not quiet enough. 
“Magic,” Altaria groaned. She raised her arms above her head to stretch. “You two could wake the dead with your chatter. What’s for breakfast?”
Octavion continued to smile, but gave no answer to either one of their questions.
Kira threw back the covers and stood. “Fine! Don’t tell me. I guess I’ll just have to eat my breakfast alone.” Walking over to Octavion, she grabbed an apple and strolled off into the trees. She wanted to sit near the edge of the cliff and enjoy the warmth of the early morning sun on her face. 
“And where do you think you are going?” Octavion asked, dumping the fruit in Altaria’s lap.
“Trade secret,” Kira called over her shoulder. She was surprised she heard no footsteps behind her. After she walked half way to the cliff, Octavion stepped from behind a tree. 
“Octavion! Don’t do that!” She threw the apple at his head, only to have him catch it and take a bite. She grabbed what was left of her apple out of his hand. “Get your own breakfast.”
Strutting past him, she continued toward the cliff. Again, no footsteps, but when she arrived at the edge, he was lazily leaning against a tree, eating his own apple.
“How did you do that? And don’t tell me it’s magic.”
“I would rather show you. Let me take you to the creek.” He took his last bite before pitching the core over the edge. He wiped his hands on his pants and stood with his arms extended, as if offering a hug.
“I’m not walking all the way down there. Besides, you’re just trying to change the subject. Why won’t you tell me? I already know the worst of it, right?”
He still had his arms extended, but added a raised brow to his smirk. “Come here and I will show you.” 
She gave him a sideways grin. “I don’t know. How do I know you won’t throw me off this cliff?”
Octavion shrugged. “If you go, I go—fair enough?”
Kira groaned. “Stop playing games. I thought you wanted to talk to me about something serious.” 
Octavion didn’t wait for her to come to him. He crossed the short distance between them, grabbed her, and jumped—right off the edge.





Chapter Twenty Six

Kira closed her eyes and screamed. Within seconds, she felt her feet touch the ground. The rush of the creek filled her ears. Her heart beat wildly against her ribcage as she gasped for air and looked to see where she’d landed. 
Octavion released her and took a step back—a mischievous grin planted firmly on his face. 
“How did you . . .” She placed her hand over her heart and tried to stay upright as the nearby trees began to sway. 
“Not so fast,” he said, stepping closer and letting her fall against his chest. Chuckling, he wrapped his arms around her waist to steady her. “Are you all right?”
Kira shook her head. “That was mean.”
“Sorry, but you have to admit, it was exhilarating.”
“Exhilarating? You’re insane. How did you do that?”
He guided her over to sit on the grass near the creek, then lowered himself next to her. “I don’t really know.”
“What happened to my apple?” She didn’t remember dropping it.
“It’s probably smashed on a rock.” He motioned toward the cliff and laughed again.
“You owe me breakfast.” Kira brushed her hands down the front of her shirt and ran her fingers through her hair to make sure everything was still in place. She felt messed up inside, like she was a puzzle not quite put together right. The smug look on Octavion’s face wasn’t helping her mood any. “Mind telling me what the hell just happened?” 
“It is part of our heritage. As a Royal, I have the ability to travel with my mind. I close my eyes and concentrate on a place I have been before. An instant later I am there.”
“That’s it? You simply jump from one place to another?” Kira rubbed her forehead with the tips of her fingers. Everything around her kept swaying to one side then snapping back into place. Whatever he’d done to her had thrown off her equilibrium.
“Not jump as much as disappear from one place and appear in another. I have to be able to see it in my mind, but I can go anywhere. Going through walls messes with my head, though, and it can be painful.”
“You said Royals, so . . . can anyone else do it?”
“Yes, most Royals can, but there are some that have not yet mastered it. I honestly thought you had figured this out. You have seen me do it.”
Kira remembered him disappearing with Lydia right after he first appeared in the forest, but so much had happened since then, she thought maybe she’d imagined it. “I’m not sure what’s real anymore. I’ve had so many nightmares where weird stuff happens, and I see things in my head sometimes that I can’t explain. I thought maybe it was my imagination or maybe I remembered wrong.”
“So, you do not remember me bringing you here?”
Kira shook her head. “I remember that white stuff you blew in my face and lying by the fire. Did you leap from my house? I don’t remember that either.”
“Yes, but you blacked out from the pain.” He leaned back on his elbows and crossed his ankles. 
“So, is that what happened to Lydia, that first night?” Kira asked. “She can do it, too?”
Octavion smiled and nodded. “Yes, but she’s not very good at it. She tries, but—misses. That is how I knew she would not be far.”
“What do you mean—misses? 
“I think it is because she has Altaria’s thoughts in her head. She sees a place and tries to go there, but their thoughts mingle and she gets confused. The same thing happens when she is Altaria. They have landed in a tree, a lake, and even a pile of sheep dung.”
Kira laughed. “Sheep dung?” She would have liked to see Altaria covered in animal feces.
Octavion smiled. “Better not let her hear you laugh. It took her a week of constant bathing to get the smell out of her hair.”
“You have to admit, it’s a great visual though.”
“And it was,” he said. “I was there.”
Kira turned toward the sun, closed her eyes and tilted her head back so the warmth of the sun could splash across her face. For several minutes neither one of them spoke. She was grateful for the silence. It gave her time to gather her thoughts. 
“You have questions?” Octavion asked.
“A few,” she said, not bothering to open her eyes or look at him. 
“Are they about my transformation?”
Kira straightened and turned to face him. “Do you mind?”
He paused for a long moment before answering. “No. It is one reason I wanted to talk to you. What would you like to know first?”
“Everything. How is it possible? What exactly do you . . . turn into? Does it hurt? Are you the only one? I want to know everything. I want to know more about you.”
Octavion didn’t answer at first, just gazed into her eyes. That is, until the warmth rushing to her cheeks made her look away. She plucked a flower from its stem, then started removing the petals, one at a time.
"It started as a curse, actually,” he began. “I suppose it still is. Our world is different from yours. It only has one huge mass of land surrounded by a massive ocean. Most of it is harsh wasteland, not inhabitable, but there is a region in the east that, for the most part, is lush and fertile. Five very different kingdoms dwell there, each with their own strengths and weaknesses. My homeland, Xantara, is one of them.
“For much of our history my people have lived in peace. We kept to ourselves except for the merchants who traveled the roads between our kingdoms to sell and trade their goods. Until the curse.”
“The curse?” That got her attention. She scooted closer, crossed her legs and leaned her arms on her knees. “Go on.”
“Well, it began several generations ago when the king of Panthera found himself without a male heir. He had four beautiful daughters, but no son. So when his eldest daughter reached the age of marriage, the king of Panthera sent word to the other kingdoms, promising a significant dowry if one of their princes would take her for his bride. The king vowed that his kingdom would one day belong to the prince, to rule as he pleased. 
“But the king of Panthera was a powerful Jayde—gifted with magical powers far beyond those of any other king. And because his kingdom includes the B’Kari Mountains, a place of great evil, the other kings feared for their sons and refused to send them. The king of Panthera was furious and sought revenge.” 
Octavion sat up and plucked a lavender flower from where it grew. He pinched off the stem, tucked a strand of Kira’s hair behind one ear, and gently slipped the flower in place. He came so close, his musky scent overpowered the fragrance of the flower just long enough to tease her senses. He leaned back on his elbows, clearly satisfied with the effect he had on her.
“Don’t stop,” she encouraged.
He smiled. “The King of Panthera’s greatest gift was his ability to communicate with animals, especially the big cats. It was as if their thoughts were one with his. Those that were worshiped among his people were the Lion, Tiger, Jaguar and Leopard. Everyone in his kingdom knew that harming one of these animals would mean their death—he loved them that much. In return for their protection, the cats agreed to live in peace among the people.
“When the king realized his daughters would never marry a Royal, which meant no male heir or grandchildren for that matter, he was outraged. He called the mightiest of each of the wild cats to come to him and gave them a quest. Each of the four cats was sent to a different kingdom. They were to find the eldest son, draw the soul of each prince into the cat’s heart and return to Panthera. The Royal princes’ bodies became hollow, lifeless.”
“So the daughters had to marry the cats?” 
He shook his head. “No. Let me finish.”
“Well hurry and get to the good part then.”
Octavion laughed. “Patience is not your gift. I can see that now.”
“Yeah, yeah, now get back to the story.” She waved him on.
“As you wish.” He winked, making Kira’s heart flutter. “Because he communicated with the cats, he also spoke to the spirits of the men that lived within them. He offered to return their souls, so they would become whole, but only if they chose to marry one of his daughters and be faithful to her. He had several conditions for them to remain as men, but to remind them of their vows to his daughters he sacrificed the lives of the four wild cats so their souls could merge, leaving the men with a heart that was half man, half cat. Because they had the instincts of an animal, the princes would forever crave the blood of another.”
“That’s horrible.”
“Yes, but after a few days, the king realized he’d made a mistake. The men were wild and had no control over their ravenous hunger. He feared their cravings would cause them to kill the entire kingdom, including his daughters, so he gave them a reprieve of sorts. He made them stronger, giving them the ability to transform and also to control their hunger—except during the dark phase of our moons. It is then that they are feared the most, for they have no control. The darkness of the night was to remind them of the darkness of their hearts.”
“Moons?”
“I wondered if you would catch that. Yes. Ophira has two moons. Together, their pull is much stronger than your moon.”
Kira tried to visualize the story in her head, the way the men must have felt the first time they craved to hunt, and the terror it must have caused among the people of each kingdom as they feared for their lives. The whole idea of being half animal gave her a chill. 
“Perhaps this was too much for you. You look pale.” He sat up, then brushed the back of his hand across her forehead.
She pushed it away. “I’m fine.” There was no good way to ask this. “So—what cat are you?” 
Octavion chuckled. “It is not that simple. The king had no idea what he had done. His own curse came back to him, in a way. He only thought of his daughters, and how to give them faithful husbands.”
“And of an heir,” Kira added.
“Exactly. Having an heir is very important in our world. But what he did not realize is that the curse would pass on to other generations. His grandchildren were wild and did many foolish things. The species crossed and bloodlines merged within most of the kingdoms. Many unusual hybrids were created from their unions. Some of the blood lines remained pure, but others were tainted.”
“Is your blood line pure?”
“My father’s heart comes from the lion. His ancestors kept their vows and remained faithful and obeyed their heritage, so his line is pure. But my mother’s line was not pure. The majority of her blood is from the Tiger, but there was enough that was not—” He looked away for a moment. “I am a hybrid.” 
“So what does that mean, exactly?”
“It means I am both. My heart holds the blood of a Lion and a Tiger. I also have twice their strength. Where most Royals are powerful and have gifts, mine are much greater. I am able to do things others only dream of. It also means I am much more dangerous.” 
“What do you mean?” Kira asked. “How are you different from the others?”
“The biggest difference is that most Royals only crave when the moons are new. I crave all the time, but when the dark moon appears I have no control. It is the real reason we took you home that night. Why we left you for those few days—without word. When you cut your hand to heal Lydia…” He paused for a moment, clearly struggling. “What you did not see, was me leaving the two of you alone so I could feed. It was all I could do to bandage your wound and take care of you. I couldn’t even let you rest in the cave for fear the walls would hold in your scent. The thoughts that plagued me while you slept will haunt me for the rest of my life. That last night, your moon was only a sliver—its pull on me almost irresistible—and it took all my energy to resist.”
He slipped his hand into hers, threading their fingers together. He looked at her with weary eyes. “This is why I have not allowed myself to . . . to know you. I could hurt you, Kira. Really hurt you.”
The butterflies that had taken up residence in her stomach began flitting around, making her a bit queasy. She swallowed hard. “But you didn’t. You saved my life and took care of me. You even took me home and made sure I was safe.” 
He shook his head. “You do not understand. You both could have died while I satisfied my cravings. You have no idea how that makes me feel.” He stood and walked a few feet away, turning his back to her.
“No, I don’t,” she whispered. She wanted to go to him, but there was nothing she could say to ease the pain he felt. It was as if he realized for the first time what he was truly capable of and the real demons he had to fight.
When he didn’t turn back, she scooted to the edge of the creek and let the water rush between her fingers. She cupped her hands and brought some to her mouth to drink. When she’d finished, she stood, brushed the flower petals from her jeans and turned to find Octavion watching her.
“What?” She was suddenly self-conscious, looking herself over for any flaw he may have noticed.
He walked toward her and traced her jaw with his fingertips, wiping the remaining moisture from her lips with his thumb. “How can you know all this about me—what I am capable of—and still want to stay?” 
Kira thought about his question for a brief moment. She wanted to tell him the truth about her feelings—she owed him that much. “To be honest, sometimes it scares me just thinking about it, but not so much because I’m afraid you’ll hurt me. I think it’s more because I feel so vulnerable and weak, like my mother said before she left—a mouse—always underfoot. 
“That’s how I feel when I’m around you, like I’m in the way. I just . . . I can’t . . . I don’t know how to explain it, except that I’m more afraid of doing something wrong and putting us in danger than I am of you transforming and trying to kill me. After what happened last night—” She paused for a moment, forcing back tears while trying to find the right words. “You left that night, Octavion. And it wasn’t because you were weak. Even if you don’t believe it, you were in control and knew if you stayed we’d be hurt—I’d be hurt. I guess knowing you made the right choice helps me to trust you.” 
Octavion didn’t say anything at first and Kira feared she’d said something wrong. But then he reached for her hands, brought them to his lips and pressed a tender kiss to her knuckles. “You are not a mouse—and your mother is a fool for thinking that.” He swallowed hard and brought her hands to his heart, his eyes locked on hers. “I want, more than anything, to earn that trust, Kira. I want—” Moisture seeped into the corner of his eyes and he looked away, blinking hard before looking at her again. “I need you to forgive me for the way I have treated you. My temper . . . I—I am not like this. I wish you knew me before. I was different—kind and gentle. And I loved to laugh. But now—”
Kira’s heart ached. She didn’t realize she was crying until he dropped one of her hands and wiped a tear from her cheek. “I forgive you,” she whispered as she leaned into him. He wrapped his arms around her shoulders and pulled her close, burying his face in her hair. 
Kira’s stomach growled. She pushed away from him, embarrassed. “So much for the moment.”
Octavion chuckled. “Well, I did make you drop your apple.” He opened his arms and invited her into them again. “Care to have another go at leaping?” He winked again.
“As long as you promise not to land in a pile of—”
He put a finger to her lips before she finished. “I land true. That much you can trust.”
She took his hand and spun around so her back rested against his chest, then wrapped his arm around her. He pulled her close. 
“Close your eyes,” he whispered into her ear. “You will not like it if you keep them open. It throws off your balance for days.” 
Octavion took in a deep breath as their feet left the ground. He was right. It was exhilarating. A few seconds later she felt the firmness of soil beneath her feet and she opened her eyes. 
Altaria knelt next to a newly made fire—her light blue eyes wide with surprise. “I hate when you do that. It’s worse than sneaking up on someone.” She picked up a stick and threw it in their direction. One end was heavier than the other and it twisted strangely in the air. Octavion caught it before Kira could duck out of the way. Good thing, too, or it would have struck her in the face.
“Altaria! That was uncalled for. You could have hit her.” He tossed the stick into the fire and released Kira. “Are you all right?”
Kira nodded. Why does she hate me so much?





Chapter Twenty Seven

When Altaria left the clearing with Toran, Kira felt relief. As much as she loved having Lydia as a friend, her kindred spirit was different. 
“I wish Lydia wasn’t so mad at me,” Kira said. “I miss her.”
“She is not angry with you. I am the one she is hiding from.” 
“Then why won’t she talk to me?”
Octavion placed a gentle hand on her shoulder. “She knew what she was doing. She knew the boundaries we set for our safety.”
Kira’s mind wandered back to the day she’d erased all the photos of their picnic. The single picture she’d kept as a memento still hid in the box in her closet. “So, what if Shandira got a hold of one of Lydia’s photos, what then?”
“It depends. Lydia told me of her plan to put her photos on your computer or in a gallery to make money. I am sure Shandira is knowledgeable about your world and if she happened to stumble upon one of them, she could track it back to us.” 
“But what if it wasn’t of Xantara? What if it was of Lydia up here on the mountain or at school?” She didn’t want to mention a picture of him, he’d guess to easily what she’d done.
Octavion thought for a moment. “It could still be dangerous.”
“How? I mean . . . I don’t understand how a simple picture could make a difference.”
“Remember I told you that I can travel anywhere, but that I had to see it in my mind first?”
Kira nodded.
“It is the same with a photograph. Shandira has perfected her ability to travel. Seeing an image on paper would be the same as seeing it as a memory, and she would be able to appear in that place instantly.” Octavion looked at her curiously. “Why do you ask?”
Kira couldn’t look him in the eye. “If that’s true, explain to me why you destroyed all of them.”
“She knew the boundaries,” he repeated, his voice raised just enough that Kira knew he was irritated with her for asking. “I had no choice.”
“You always have a choice.” Kira stepped over to the pile of fruit still lying in Lydia’s shelter, chose another apple and wiped it clean with her shirt. “You never did tell me where you get all this food. There’s always an abundance of it.” Maybe a change of subject would get the photos off his mind.
“Same way you do, for the most part. Lydia buys the cheese and some of the fruit. She has a baker in town make the bread how we prefer it. It is not as good as we have at home, but it is close.” A smirk flashed across his face. “I, um . . . find the rest.”
Kira glanced down at her apple then over her shoulder at the pile of fruit scattered on the ground. “What do you mean, ‘find the rest’?”
Octavion flashed one of his dimples, then walked over to get a piece of wood from the pile.
“Where do you get all this food?” Kira persisted. 
He turned and shrugged—with empty hands. The fire wasn’t in need of any wood; he was obviously avoiding her question. “I help some of the farmers glean their crops.”
“Ha! You mean you steal from them.”
“No, I take the fruit and vegetables that are left by the pickers and machines. It would have all gone bad if I had not rescued them.” He flashed both dimples this time and winked.
Kira laughed. “That’s called stealing.” She took a big bite of her apple and began to chew. She stopped suddenly when one of her little brain blips popped into view. She could see the box from her closet on her bedroom floor, its contents scattered. A shiver ran up her arms and pricked at the back of her neck. She had to get that photo.
“Kira?”
She blinked hard, bringing herself back to the clearing. “Yeah. Umm . . . sorry, did you say something?”
He stepped closer. “No, but you look pale and—” He pointed to the ground in front of her feet.
Kira looked down at the apple that now lay in the dirt. “I’m fine, it just . . . has a worm in it.” She picked up the apple and pitched it into the fire. “I’m still kinda tired and my side is starting to bother me. Maybe I’ll rest.”
“Are you sure you are well, Kira?”
“Yeah.”
She turned toward Octavion’s lean-to. What she wanted was to put some distance between them for a while, figure out how to get that picture back and try to let everything he’d told her about the curse and his gifts sink in, but as she stood looking at his shelter, she realized something. Nothing here belonged to her, not even a place to lay her head. The fact that this was not her home hit her hard, and she was homesick—even if home was merely a symbol of her abandonment. 
Kira looked down at her clothes. Her dirty jeans were shredded at the knees, her shirt had a tear on the sleeve and her shoes were muddy from standing near the creek. She didn’t even have a change of clothes. Maybe if she could convince him to take her home to get a few things, she could destroy the photo without him knowing. She had to try.
She turned in time to see him step to the fire and kick one of the logs, pushing it further into the pit. Sparks flew into the air and created a spiral of hot ash as it rose above their heads. The aroma of baked apple filled the clearing. 
“Octavion?”
He looked up from the fire and their eyes met. “Did you need something?”
“I was wondering. Could you take me home to get my stuff? I have no clothes. I don’t even have a comb or toothbrush.” She stepped closer and put her hand on his shoulder. “It’s just—nothing here is mine. Can you understand that?” 
He shook his head. “I’m sorry, Kira. It is too dangerous to take you there. Have you forgotten so soon? You were nearly killed.”
Kira cringed. “I remember. I’ve played it over and over in my head so many times, I’ll never be able to forget.” She dropped her hand and fingered the Crystor, spinning it around her wrist. “I’ve put us all in danger because of my stupid mistakes.”
“Then how can you ask me to take you home?”
Kira searched his eyes for answers, but only found more questions. It was too dangerous, but so was taking the chance that Shandira might use the photo to find them. “I don’t know,” she shrugged. “I just keep thinking about my house. I know it shouldn’t be important, but—you blew the front door right off the hinges and the back door is busted too. All my stuff is in there and it’s all I have left to my name. What if someone steals it or an animal gets in?”
Octavion paused for a long moment. He sighed. “I will go. Make me a list of what you need and where to find it. I will board up the house and retrieve your things.”
“Oh sure, that’s all I need is you rifling through my underwear drawer. If I can’t go, then . . . just forget it.” 
“Kira, why do you have to be so stubborn? I said I would go.”
“Stubborn? I just said forget it. You’re right—it’s too dangerous. It was stupid for me to ask. It’s just, I thought if you took me, we could be back in five minutes—tops.”
“And how long did it take Bastian to put a blade to your throat?”
His words sent dark images flashing through Kira’s mind. She remembered Bastian’s hollow eyes and it made her insides quiver. She stepped back. “That’s not fair.”
“I’m sorry, Kira. You just don’t seem to realize the danger.”
“How can you say that? I was the one who felt his blade on my throat, remember? What I don’t understand is why we aren’t doing something about it. If we’re in that much danger, why don’t we pack up everything, and find a new place—one that’s safe?”
He turned his attention back to the fire. “Lydia would not go.”
“How do you know?”
“Because she told me. She wants to go back to Xantara, but we must finish this first. We will not take this battle home with us.” 
“So you’re planning on fighting them here?” The very thought of meeting Bastian again terrified her. She didn’t know the first thing about fighting or using weapons. How was she supposed to survive something like that? “You have to teach me to fight. I need to know how to protect myself. What if they come and you’re not here?”
His brow furrowed as he turned to face her again. “This is not your battle, Kira. I will not allow you to fight.”
“But that doesn’t make any sense. What am I supposed to do, stand back and watch?”
Octavion went to her and took her face in his hands. His eyes were only inches from hers. “You will not fight, Kira. I will not lose anoth . . . You will not fight.”
Kira pushed his hands away. “This isn’t about me, is it?” The only person they’d mentioned dying besides their mothers was Serena, but how could the death of Lydia’s friend have such a lasting effect on Octavion—unless he’d done something to cause it. “Is this about Serena?” 
The hurt look on his face made her regret mentioning her name. “What do you know of Serena? What has Lydia told you?”
“Nothing,” Kira said. “You’re the one that told me Serena died healing Lydia. She refuses to talk about it. What really happened? Why don’t you want me to know?”
“It is not my place to say.” 
“If you’re afraid the same thing will happen to me, it is your place. I need to know what kind of danger I’m in.”
Octavion’s focus shifted from Kira’s face to something behind her. Then he went back to the fire. “Like I said, it isn’t my place to say.”
“Ugh. I hate when you do that. One minute you want me to stay here and be a part of all this, and the next you treat me like the outsider I really am. Why won’t you tell me?” When he didn’t answer—or even acknowledge her presence—she spun around to leave, only to be met with a familiar face.
“Because it isn’t his story to tell—it’s mine.” Lydia said. Her eyes appeared swollen and red like she’d been crying. “But first I must speak to my brother . . . alone.” She glanced at Kira and then looked away.
Octavion stepped closer, but stopped when Lydia took a step back. “Where would you like to go?” he asked.
“Your lair. I need to show you something.” 
As Kira watched them leave the clearing, she felt that all-too-familiar sense of displacement. She didn’t belong here. Lydia’s words had made that very clear. Maybe Octavion was right about wanting to take her away. She’d made so many mistakes. If they had to come to her rescue again they would be risking their lives and that wasn’t fair to them. Perhaps leaving was the best option after all. As soon as Lydia finished with Octavion, Kira would ask him to take her away. Then she’d run—hide away so even they wouldn’t know where she’d gone. 
A cool morning breeze brushed across her face, leaving her chilled. When she wrapped her arms around her torso, she caught a glimpse of the tiny strand of silver that still bound her to her friend. Its powers as a divining tool surely worked both ways and Lydia would easily find her. 
She glanced around the clearing before spotting Altaria’s knife where it hung on her shelter. Kira pulled it from its sheath and placed it between her skin and the bracelet. With all the strength she could muster, she drove the blade upward. Pain instantly shot up her arm, but she kept the pressure on, determined to rid Lydia of the bond their friendship had put on both of them. As Kira increased the force of the blade, a scream rang out through the trees. 
Kira, stop! Lydia’s thoughts entered Kira’s head, like she’d been shot with an arrow between the eyes. The pain ran across the top of her skull and down the back of her neck, before numbing her fingertips. The clearing grew still, shrouding her senses. She dropped the knife about the same time Octavion appeared in front of her. 
“What are you doing?” He pulled her hand up to examine the Crystor, turning her wrist over, and spinning the tiny strand of silver around to make sure it was still in one piece. “Why would you do this?” 
“I want it off.”
“Come with me.” Tightening his grip around Kira’s wrist, he gave it a yank as he pulled her through the forest.
“Octavion, stop!”
He turned to face her. “Shall I carry you?” 
“No, just stop pulling on my arm, it hurts.”
As he loosened his grip, she gave in and walked freely by his side. They’d only gone a few feet when they passed several large boulders, stopping at the cave entrance. His lair, she thought to herself. It made sense, now that she knew about the curse that left him with the heart of a wild cat. Of course, he would call it that.
With the light of the sun shining through the opening, Kira could make out more of the cave’s contents. In addition to the bookshelves filled with dusty volumes of tattered papers, and his colorful display of bottles, there were old wooden crates, metal trunks, and textiles stacked along the back wall. Above them hung several weapons, most of which looked medieval, with their long sharp blades and leather strappings. To the right, a blanket draped the wall, she assumed to cover an opening that went deeper into the cave. 
She took all this in with a quick glance, before turning her full attention to the small bench where she’d sat the night Octavion had shown her the Crystor. 
Lydia sat holding her bloody wrist in her hand, tears streaming down her face. She said nothing, but Kira knew her stupidity had caused the injury. She pulled loose from Octavion’s grip and went to Lydia, taking her hand.
“Why?” Lydia asked, her face stained with fresh tears.
“I didn’t know. Do you think I hurt you on purpose?” Kira wished it was her wrist bleeding. She was the one that had made yet another stupid mistake. “I just feel so out of place here. Octavion says he wants to take me away from here. I thought you wanted me to leave. You’ve been so mad at me and wouldn’t talk about the pictures and—I’m in the way.” 
Lydia looked up at Octavion, who stood next to them now. “You should have told her everything.”
A flicker of anger seeped under Kira’s skin as she stood and turned to face Octavion. “What didn’t you tell me?” 
The muscles tensed across his shoulders, as if he were preparing for a fight. “The charm I placed on the Crystor does not allow you to change your mind. It is permanent . . . except in death. Removing it prematurely could cause both your deaths.” 
“What? Don’t you think that was an important little detail? I could’ve just killed us.”
“If I thought you might go back on your word, I would have told you,” he snapped. 
“Go back on my word? You mean the part where I said I would die for her? What’s wrong, Octavion? Did I mess up your little plan when I lived?” 
“No. That is not what I am saying. You are not listening.” Octavion stepped closer and threaded his fingers through her hair. He took her other hand and placed it on his chest, making her heart slow a little. “Kira.” His voice seemed softer, with more emotion. “You are a part of us now. Lydia was all too eager to point that out to me. If you want to stay, we will teach you of our ways, but even if you choose to go, you will remain bound. There’s no going back.” He lowered his voice to almost a whisper. “I’m sorry. You are right. I should have told you the truth.”
His hand seemed so warm against her cheek, and she felt his heart beating beneath her fingers—his wild heart. She looked into his eyes for the longest time, searching for some kind of truth, some reason for her being there. Could she ever truly be a part of their world? Or would she continue to be a burden they simply tolerated? But the answer wasn’t in his eyes; it was in the constant rhythm of her heart, now beating in perfect harmony with his. She couldn’t leave. And it wasn’t just because she was bound to Lydia, either. Something she saw in Octavion’s eyes made her feel like she was home. Not that rental house where she’d lived with her mother, but someplace deep inside her heart that she’d never allowed herself to explore—and never allowed anyone else to enter. A feeling of belonging. And she liked that feeling very much.





Chapter Twenty Eight

“I’ll stay on one condition,” Kira said, trying to get her way without letting Octavion know she’d let him into her heart. “You have to teach me to fight.”
Octavion grimaced. “You will not give up, will you?”
Kira stepped back and folded her arms. “If you really want me to stay, you’ll teach me.”
He threw his hands up in the air and let a low rumbling growl escape from his chest. 
Kira didn’t say anything, but shifted her weight to one foot and stood her ground. 
“Oh, for heaven’s sake,” Lydia cut in. “Will you two knock it off. I’ll teach her how to fight.”
Octavion glared at Lydia.
Kira smiled, thinking her way to get to Octavion was through his sister. Maybe she’d found his soft spot. “Good, then I’ll stay.”
Lydia still held her bleeding wrist where a two-inch cut mimicked where the Crystor had pulled against Kira’s skin. “Would it be too much trouble to have you heal this now? I could bleed to death waiting for you two to stop bickering.” 
Kira wrapped her hand around Lydia’s wound and visualized the skin fusing together. The wound healed quickly, but instead of the usual burning sensation, it shocked her. “Ouch.” She quickly rubbed the sting away. “Why did it do that?”
“Here, let me see it.” Octavion offered Kira his hand and pulled her from the dirt floor. He ran a finger along the Crystor, causing a warm sensation to run up Kira’s arm, and the tiny strand of silver to burn cold. 
“What did you do?” Kira asked.
He glanced at his sister with a questioning expression.
“Tell her,” Lydia said. “You agreed to include her in everything.”
Octavion sighed. “It had a kink in it and I merely mended it. I created the charm that binds you to Lydia. The gift I possess was almost lost when we came here, but there was enough left to do this one thing.” He lowered her hand and found Kira’s eyes again. “Being its keeper is not to be taken lightly, Kira. I should have told you that. It is far more powerful than I imagined or hoped. You must treat it with respect.”
“I don’t understand. What gift? And why was it almost lost?”
“Remember I told you I am a hybrid?” Octavion asked.
Kira nodded.
“Most Royals only possess one or two gifts. I am much stronger as I have inherited gifts from both my parents. From my mother I inherited vision and the ability to know how to combine herbs and metals for healing. But because my father’s blood was pure, it held a portion of the magic passed down from the king of Panthera. All four of his daughters were filled with enchantment and were very powerful Jaydes. It is through that lineage I possess the ability to cast charms on objects.”
Kira swallowed hard as she looked down at the Crystor. Magic. “You mean like . . . a witch or wizard?”
Octavion smiled. “I suppose in your world I would be considered a wizard, yes. But I have read some of your fairy tales, and know many of your superstitions. This is nothing like that. I haven’t the power to manipulate a person’s mind and I cannot change people into creatures or produce something from nothing. The gift of a Jayde comes from the heart and cannot be used on anything living. At least the powers I possess. It is simple and pure. Even my gift as an alchemist is limited to dried plants and herbs. If I snatched a butterfly from the meadow, I would have no power over it.”
Kira brought her hand up and touched the Crystor, warming it. “But you said it was almost lost. So you don’t have it anymore?”
This time, Lydia spoke. “Your world has put limitations on our gifts. Some are weaker, but others . . . are gone.”
Kira didn’t know what to say. Each piece of information they revealed about their way of life, made her feel more and more inadequate. If it weren’t for the Crystor, she’d have nothing to offer—not one thing was special about her—unless she counted her overactive imagination. “Thank you for telling me. I will be more careful.” 
Octavion brushed his fingers through his hair and stepped away from the girls. “I will leave you to talk. There’s the matter of a little story that still needs to be told.”
“Um . . . about that.” Lydia blurted. “I’m not sure that’s such a good idea.” 
“I thought we talked about this,” Octavion said.
Lydia stood and fiddled with some of the bottles on the shelf, clearly trying to avoid making eye contact with her brother. “No. You talked about it, I listened and didn’t agree.”
“Lydia?” Octavion scolded. 
“What story?” Kira asked. “You mean about Serena? If she doesn’t want to talk about it . . .”
“There is more to it than that.” Octavion cut her off. “She has refused to speak of that night, even with me. She has nightmares and . . .”
“Stop it!” Lydia spun around and dropped the bottle she’d been holding. It bounced on the hard packed dirt and rolled under the table. “You didn’t have to watch your mother bleed to death or have your best friend die just to save your life. You also didn’t have to watch the person you love hold a knife to your throat and try to kill you.”
“You are wrong,” Octavion said. “Esteria was the only mother I knew and it was my best friend that betrayed me, not just the man you had a childish crush on. Must I remind you what else I lost in all this?”
The color faded from Lydia’s face as she leaned back against the table, grasping it for support. “It wasn’t a childish crush,” she whispered, her bottom lip quivering as moisture returned to her eyes. 
“Leave her alone.” Kira brushed Octavion aside and went to Lydia. “You don’t have to tell me anything, okay?” Kira glared at Octavion for being so heartless.
A tiny tear streaked down Lydia’s cheek. “I want to, it’s just . . . I can’t.”
Kira took both of Lydia’s hands to comfort her, but when she gave them a squeeze her fingers began to tingle and it felt as though their hands had been fused together. Images played in Kira’s mind, bits and pieces—not quite enough to really tell what was happening, but scattered chaotic flashes of people Kira didn’t recognize. The images kept coming, one after another until the feelings that accompanied them filled her heart with so much grief and sorrow she began to tremble. 
Kira yanked her hands away and stumbled back. She felt the blood rushing through her veins as the walls of the cave began to move in waves. She blinked her eyes in a frail attempt to clear her vision and frantically shook her hands to get her fingers to come back to life. 
“Kira, what’s wrong?” Octavion asked, turning an accusing eye to Lydia. “What did you do to her?”
“She didn’t do anything.” Kira wasn’t sure exactly what had happened. She felt as if it were her mother and friend who died. Kira even felt for a brief moment, the betrayal of someone she loved. She’d seen Lydia’s worst nightmare, the images permanently etched in Kira’s mind and all the emotions that came with them. The grief weighed heavy on her heart. 
“Didn’t you feel it?” she asked Lydia.
Lydia shook her head, before looking down at her hands. “My fingers felt numb, but I think that’s because you were squeezing them so tight. What happened? Did it shock you again?”
“No.”
Octavion reached for Kira’s hands. “You are trembling.”
Kira pulled them away. Was she reacting to those feelings of betrayal? She wasn’t sure. “I don’t know what happened,” she finally said. “When I took Lydia’s hands I . . .” 
The curious look on Octavion’s face made her reconsider her words. If she’d seen Lydia’s memories and felt her emotions, Kira didn’t want him to know. He’d pressure his sister even more to talk about it. 
“I . . . I’m not sure. My fingers tingled and I heard her thoughts. It just felt weird. Maybe I’m hungry or it’s left over from the leap. I’m not used to that yet.” They all seemed like perfectly logical explanations to her. “I’m fine now.”
“Why do I get the feeling you are hiding something from me?” Octavion asked.
“Leave her alone.” Lydia stepped between them, taking a protective stance. “Why don’t you go do . . . whatever it was you were going to do?” She waved her hand toward the cave opening.
His eyes narrowed as he looked them both up and down with suspicion. “Very well, then.” He turned and took a few steps, mumbling something Kira couldn’t understand. 
“I heard that,” Lydia called after him.





Chapter Twenty Nine

“Mind telling me what just happened?” Lydia asked. “I didn’t send you my thoughts. Even I could tell you were lying.” 
Kira’s fingers had finally stopped tingling, but the emotions she’d experienced still lingered. “I’m not sure. I think I saw your memories. It was like I had a stack of photographs and flipped through them really fast, catching glimpses of people and places I didn’t recognize. And it wasn’t only what I saw, I felt things too.”
“You saw my memories?”
Kira shrugged. “I guess. What were you thinking about?
Lydia plopped onto the small bench. “I wasn’t thinking about anything, I was arguing with Octavion, remember?”
Kira knelt in front of her, being careful not to touch her this time. “But you were arguing about whether or not you were going to tell me about the night your mom died. Isn’t it possible those thoughts were in your head?”
Lydia was quiet for a long moment, first rubbing the spot on her wrist where her injury had been, then glancing at the Crystor. “I guess it could happen, I mean . . . we really don’t know what that thing can do. Serena was bound to me only a couple weeks before . . . you know.”
“Well, there’s only one way to find out,” Kira extended her hands, palms up.
Lydia took a deep breath and bit down on her bottom lip. “Where do you want me to start?” 
“That’s up to you. Before, I saw women in long flowing gowns dancing around the room. Was that the same night you were hurt?”
Lydia nodded.
“Well, start there, when you felt everything was okay. Before any of the bad stuff happened. Maybe you can ease into it.”
Lydia rubbed her sweaty palms on the legs of her jeans and closed her eyes, but instead of taking Kira’s hands, she inched forward, wrapping her fingers around her wrists, making for a firmer hold. Kira did the same.
Instantly, images splashed across Kira’s mind. At first, she felt confused because she didn’t recognize anyone, but as the seconds passed, it wasn’t only their hands that fused, but their minds and bodies as well. She felt as if she’d actually become Lydia. She smelled the overwhelming fragrance of flowers, felt a slight breeze on her face when a woman in a lavender gown danced past her. Kira even experienced every emotion that played with Lydia’s heart—she was happy—happier than Kira had ever been in her life. 
The strangest part was that Kira experienced her own thoughts and emotions mixed in with Lydia’s, so when the next image flashed across her mind, she wasn’t sure how to react. Lydia saw Bastian’s face. In Lydia’s heart, she felt love and happiness, but in Kira’s, there was fear and hatred. 
Lydia? Kira tried to pull her hands free.
It’s okay. It’s only a memory. He can’t hurt you. Lydia tightened her grip. 
Can you feel my emotions? Kira asked.
No, but mine aren’t as strong. For a moment the images stopped. Maybe I can do this. Are you okay?
Yes, Kira answered. Keep going.
When Bastian’s face came back into view, he was spinning her around the room, but in silence. The one sense Kira couldn’t glean from Lydia’s memories was sound. Eerie quietness permeated the visions. A few more seconds passed when everyone in the room stopped dancing. Bastian led Lydia to a set of doors near the edge of the room. He bent to kiss her hand and smiled. Lydia’s heart skipped a beat, and Kira felt the blood rush to her cheeks.
Did you love him? Kira asked.
I thought I did, but . . . I’m not sure I know what love is anymore. Lydia loosened her grip, and the memory began to fade.
No, I want to see more, Kira begged. Show me Octavion—a happy time for him, Kira encouraged, hoping it would ease Lydia’s anxiety.
Lydia’s firm hold returned as did the ballroom scene, with its colorful gowns and elegant décor. The beat of the music was evident by the rhythm of their movements, even though she heard only silence. Lydia was still near the French doors, but had found a chair to sit on so she could rest her feet. There was no sign of her escort, Bastian, as she searched the crowd intently. Feeling the presence of her brother approaching, she straightened and brushed her hands down the skirt of her lavender gown with its white lace peeking out below the intricately embroidered hem. 
The dancers parted, making a thin path for their prince as he wove his way between them. When his face came into view, it was Kira’s heart that leapt, not his sister’s. His hair was longer, pulled back into a small ponytail at the nape of his neck. He wore black leather pants with a white tunic and thick black belt. The sleeves were long and full, reminding Kira of a pirate—a very young and handsome pirate. 
Lydia’s joy from seeing him mixed nicely with Kira’s. He was so close Kira could almost feel his heart beating beneath his chest, a wild and erratic cadence that quickened her own pulse. He bent and took Lydia’s hand in his, pressing his lips to the lace glove that covered it. Kira felt Lydia’s lips curl into a smile and warmth return to her face.
What is he saying? Kira asked when his moving lips made no sound.
He’s just asked me to dance, but I refused. My feet hurt and Bastian will be coming soon with my juice. 
Octavion leaned in and kissed her cheek, the warmth of his breath barely noticeable on Kira’s neck. She felt Lydia’s pulse increase and a feeling of excitement rush through her. Octavion’s face came back into view and he beamed with joy, his dimples deeply imbedded in his cheeks.
Tell me, Kira pleaded. What did he say to you?
Lydia let go and Octavion’s face faded into blackness. When Kira opened her eyes, Lydia was rubbing her wrists where Kira had been holding them. “I’d forgotten about that part, Kira. I’m sorry.”
“Sorry? But you both looked so happy. Why did you stop?”
No longer connected to her emotions, Kira couldn’t tell why his words had upset Lydia so much. It was clear, however, that she struggled with something. Lydia brought her long braid in front and twisted it between her fingers. 
“Please tell me. I want to know.” Kira wanted to reach for her, but held back, not sure if just a touch would cause their emotions to mesh again. “Please.”
Lydia dropped her hands to her lap, and searched Kira’s eyes for a long moment, then nodded. “All right, but . . . it’s something Octavion may not want you to know. He’s dealt with it the best he can. I’m not sure he would want it brought up. He blames himself for what happened that night—for being distracted.”
Kira was more than curious now. “Yet he wants you to deal with all your memories and feelings? That hardly seems fair.”
Lydia smiled briefly, but it didn’t quite reach her eyes. “True.” She took a deep breath and let it out in a sigh. “I don’t know if I told you or not, but Octavion was Serena’s escort that night. He’d been seeing her in secret for a couple months because she was only fifteen and it was frowned upon. He didn’t want to ruin her reputation, so he chose to meet her only when she came to the castle to visit me. I was their unofficial chaperone.
“Anyway, she’d just turned sixteen three days before the ball and he’d already made a visit to her father. When he leaned in to whisper in my ear, he told me he was about to propose to Serena. He asked me to wish him luck.”
Kira’s heart didn’t just sink, it plummeted to the ground and rolled around in the dirt. “He was in love with Serena?” She didn’t know why she even bothered to ask. Her heart already knew the answer. That’s what he referred to when he reminded Lydia what he’d lost in all this. He’d lost the love of his life, the girl he’d planned to spend forever with.
Lydia nodded. “I’m sorry. I think that’s one reason he had such a hard time letting himself be a part of your world. In one way or another, he’s lost every woman in his life—except me. First his mother, then mine, and Serena, and even though she didn’t die, he lost Shandira, too. That’s why he’s so protective of me and why he won’t let you fight. The thought of losing someone else . . . well, how would you feel?”
“I’d be scared to death to love again,” Kira answered honestly. “So did she say yes?”
Lydia shrugged. “I don’t know. I don’t think he got the chance to ask. It was only seconds after he told me what he planned to do, when Bastian returned and asked me to walk with him in the garden. I’d seen my mother go out earlier and thought at the time how nice it would be to get some fresh air. So when he offered, I was more than eager.” She took another deep breath and let it out slow. “That’s when everything fell apart.”
Kira wasn’t sure she wanted to know the rest, let alone experience it through Lydia’s eyes. The emotions of that night had already gripped Kira’s heart and were so overwhelming she had to fight her own from mixing with them. So when Lydia offered her hands, Kira hesitated.
“Are you sure you want to do this?” Kira asked, more for herself than for Lydia.
“Yeah, Octavion’s right. I need to deal with these feelings. Having you see them with me seems to take the edge off. I want to get through this and finally put it behind me. That is, if you don’t mind.” Lydia’s pleading eyes touched Kira’s heart and she couldn’t let her friend down—even if that meant going through all the emotions Lydia had experienced that night.
“I don’t mind,” Kira said, while taking hold of Lydia’s wrists again. She closed her eyes and tried to prepare her mind and heart for what was to come. For the first time since discovering her new powers, wondered if it was possible for her to block them, at least the emotional part. The first image took away all her doubts as she unsuccessfully tried to push Bastian’s face out of her head. 
Once again she was forced to feel love and happiness combined with her own revulsion. The evil twist of her heart was soon overcome by Lydia’s confusion when Bastian’s expression foretold his intentions. Kira was all too familiar with the sinister grin that crossed his face as Lydia jumped to her feet and tried to escape his grasp. 
There was no time for Lydia to translate the words that were lost in the silence, but Kira knew the meaning behind them. Lydia’s fear ran through Kira as she felt a surge of pain in the back of her throat—the beginnings of a scream cut off by the strength of Bastian’s fingers pushing against her windpipe. 
Lydia, maybe we should stop, Kira begged.
But Lydia gave no response as the image of her mother running toward them, increased the fear surging through Lydia and Kira’s veins. She’d never had that much love for her mother and it was strange to be feeling it now. Kira wanted to be there, to protect Lydia’s mother and keep her safe, to help her friend fight off her attacker and change the course of history, but it continued to play out between them, as it had that night. 
Lydia was thrown to the ground and watched as Bastian tossed her beautiful mother aside like a rag doll, causing her to strike her head against the stone edge of the fountain. The image seemed to freeze there, as Kira felt Lydia’s fingers tighten around her wrists and the increased sorrow seize her like she’d been crushed beneath the weight of it. 
Kira released her fingers from Lydia’s wrists and tried to pull away, but Lydia only tightened hers, pressing the tips of her fingers into Kira’s flesh and cutting off the blood flow to her hands and fingers. 
“Lydia, let go!” Kira threw open her eyes to see it was no longer Lydia sharing her emotions, but her kindred spirit. Altaria’s fury seemed channeled directly at Kira until she realized the reason for the change. It had happened exactly the same way that night. Now Kira watched Altaria fight Bastian and found herself cheering her on. Only a few seconds passed before Octavion came into view. He was completely transformed, taking Bastian to the ground in a ferocious display of bulging muscle and powerful blows. Bastian squirmed loose and took off through the garden with Octavion on his heels. 
Kira had thought it was over until Altaria turned to see her mother lying in a pool of blood and the sorrow returned. Altaria fell to her knees, only to be yanked back by her hair and made to stand. Shandira’s face flashed into view and all hope washed from Kira’s mind and heart. She knew what happened next and she wanted no part of it. 
“Altaria, let go. I don’t want to see this, please,” Kira begged, trying to push her away. She tried to pry her fingers loose, but Altaria only dug them in deeper. Kira feared she’d draw blood and that the scent would bring Octavion’s transformation—and put her in danger. 
“STOP!” Kira screamed.
But Altaria continued to reveal the scene in Kira’s head, forcing her to see it all, feel it all and experience every horrid detail. It wasn’t until she felt the piercing stab of Shandira’s dagger up under her ribs that Altaria finally turned her loose, but by then it was too late. Kira was so overwhelmed with the physical and emotional pain, she couldn’t breathe. She stumbled to her feet and found her way outside the cave entrance before doubling over in gut wrenching sobs. Tears poured down her face as she recalled the feelings of loss, betrayal, and all the emotions that accompanied the events of that night. She’d been there, literally walking in Lydia and Altaria’s shoes. 
When Octavion appeared through the trees, Kira withdrew even further, letting the violent spasms consume her, not wanting to be touched or consoled. She pushed her back against a boulder as she slid down to the forest floor. She drew up her knees and wrapped her arms around them to help calm her trembling legs.
“Kira, what happened? I heard you scream. Are you hurt?” He reached out to touch her, but she pulled away.
“I’m . . . fine.” Kira managed between sobs. She pointed toward the cave. “Check on . . . your sister.” If she was going through half of what Kira was, Lydia needed him more than she did. These feelings were real for her.
Octavion jumped to his feet, but only got half way through the cave entrance before he turned back. Toran stopped at his heels. “Stay with Kira, boy.”
At first she thought it unnecessary. After all, it wasn’t like she was really hurt or in any danger, but as Toran came closer, and she looked into his light blue eyes, she saw the compassion there. It was then that she understood his gift and what he’d been through. 
She buried her hand in the fur just behind his ears. “You know what this is like, don’t you buddy? You’ve taken all of our pain at one time or another, and . . . never complained one bit.” 
He blinked slowly, as though he agreed, then nuzzled against her knee before plopping down next to her. Kira straightened her legs to give him a place to rest his head and the moment he settled his strong jaw across her thighs, the emotional pain began to disappear. 
“Toran, you don’t have to do that. I’m okay. I can deal with this myself.” She tried to pull his heavy head off her legs, and he let her, but only long enough to plant a big slobbery kiss on her cheek with his rough tongue. He returned to taking away her borrowed grief. 
Kira wiped his saliva and her tears away with the hem of her shirt and leaned forward onto his massive body to rest her head. He slowly pulled every ounce of emotion from her heart as her eyelids began to sag. The constant rhythm of his purr was like a soft lullaby.





Chapter Thirty

Kira felt the warmth of Octavion’s hand on the side of her cheek, but didn’t want to open her eyes. The comfort Toran had given her was a welcome break from the emotions she’d shared and she wasn’t ready to let it go. She moaned her protest and adjusted her body to get more comfortable.
“Kira?” Octavion whispered. “Are you well?”
Kira nodded, but still didn’t open her eyes. “How long have I been asleep?”
“A while,” he said. “Shall I leave you to rest?”
She took in a deep cleansing breath and reluctantly peeled back her eyelids. “No, I need to talk to Lydia. Is she okay?”
“Yes, she would like a word with you as well.”
Toran and Kira untangled their bodies as Octavion attempted to help her to her feet. Unfortunately, Toran stood at the same time and came up between them, pushing Octavion aside. Both man and beast let out a growl of frustration. 
Kira couldn’t help but laugh. “I think he likes me,” she said, giving Toran a good rub on the back.
“He had better watch his manners or he will be my next meal,” Octavion teased.
Toran let out a ferocious roar as if to tell Octavion the same thing, then sauntered off toward the clearing.
“I think he just got the last word,” Kira said.
Octavion smirked. “He usually does.”
When they reentered the cave, Lydia was pacing in front of the book shelves. She stopped and looked at Kira. “I’m so sorry.”
Normally Kira would have gone to Lydia and embraced her, but instead she stood a few feet away with her arms folded. She was surprised at her own hesitant behavior. It wasn’t like she was afraid of Lydia. After all, it was Kira’s idea to give her new powers a try. And she certainly wasn’t angry with Lydia either. She forced herself to relax and take a step closer. “It’s okay. I’m fine now. I just needed to get it out of my system. I wasn’t prepared for Altaria to take over and—”
“What?” Octavion interrupted. “Why would you keep that from me, Lydia?” He took Kira’s hands and examined the red finger marks on her wrists. He’d been silent about them until then, even though she was sure he’d noticed. He ran his finger across one section that had already begun to bruise and Kira winced. 
A low growl vibrated through his chest. “Altaria is stronger than you know. She could have crushed your bones with no effort at all or don’t you remember your attacker’s mangled hand? Why did you allow her to hold you like that?” 
Kira pulled her arms away and healed them. “I didn’t have a choice. Lydia and I were barely holding on when Altaria appeared and wouldn’t let go. Maybe you should take it out on her.” 
“No,” Lydia said. “It was my fault. I’d forgotten my kindred spirit experienced those memories. I should have known that she too would need to share them. I won’t make that mistake again.”
“About that, you are right,” Octavion scolded. “I will not allow you to experiment with something so powerful. It is too dangerous.” He turned his attention back to Kira. “That goes for both of you. Do you understand?”
“No, I don’t,” Kira fired back. “You might be able to control your sister, but you will not tell me what to do. And furthermore, none of this would have happened in the first place, if you weren’t trying to play therapist and force her to get in touch with her feelings.” Kira stepped closer to Lydia and placed her hand on her shoulder. “It just so happens that our little experiment, as you called it, is not over, so you can either keep your opinions to yourself and watch—or leave.”
Lydia pushed away Kira’s hand and sat on the bench. “Actually, I’m finished.”
“How can you say that? You haven’t shown me what happened after you were hurt. I still don’t know how you discovered the healing powers of the Crystor or how . . .” Kira lowered her voice to a whisper. “Serena died.”
“That’s just it,” Lydia said. “I don’t have those memories to share with you. I blacked out after I got stabbed. The next memory that makes any sense is when I woke in my sleeping chambers. Three days had passed.”
“Then you are finished,” he said flashing his dimples at Kira.
Kira smiled even wider. “Not quite. Now it’s your turn.”
His smirk faded to a scowl. “I have nothing to say on the matter.”
“So Lydia has to get in touch with her inner most nightmares, but you don’t? Maybe it’s time you unloaded a few of your own demons.”
Kira don’t. Lydia said through her thoughts. You’ll only make him angry.
Kira turned and gave her a look of frustration. Are you serious? 
Yes, I will explain it to you, just not with him here. 
“I have dealt with it in my own way,” Octavion stepped to the other side of the cave and gathered a few animal hides. “It will be cold tonight. If you two promise not to do anything foolish while I am gone, I will take these to our shelters.” 
He didn’t wait for an answer, and they didn’t give one, but as soon as he left, Kira was back in front of Lydia, only this time keeping her hands to herself.
“So how much did you tell him?” Kira asked.
“I just told him about your powers and that I shared some of my memories. At first he was upset, but then he seemed excited.” Lydia smiled. “His inventions haven’t always turned out.”
Kira twirled the Crystor around her wrist. “Should I be worried?”
“Nah, I think you’re safe. You just need to make sure you tell him if there are any other changes or if something else happens. He’s concerned for your safety.”
“Well, considering what happened to Serena, I can see why. Which brings me to my next question.”  
“How did Serena die?” Lydia asked.
“Well, not just how she died, but how she knew she could heal you.”
Lydia shifted on the bench. “All I know is what Octavion told me. Serena must have followed him out to the garden. She got there just in time to see Shandira pull the blade from my body. Serena ran to her and tried to grab the knife away, but Shandira sliced her hand wide open instead. It was a deep cut. By that time, those inside the castle were filing into the garden to help. Shandira, being the coward she is, vanished without a fight.
“Octavion heard the screams coming from the guests, so let Bastian escape and returned to find my mother dead and me wounded and bleeding. When I fell, I landed next to a rose bush and tore the sleeve of my dress. When Serena knelt next to me, she touched the cut on my arm and, healed it instantly. Octavion had no idea the Crystor would give her healing powers.”
“Did she feel the same pain I felt, when it happened to me?”
“I don’t know, but I think it was what she saw in my face that scared her the most. She’d never seen my kindred spirit take over before. At first, I don’t think she knew it was me lying there, but then she must have recognized my dress. I blacked out right before Shandira left, but I remember some of what happened. I must have faded in and out a few times. I remember Serena’s face and the fear in her eyes.”
“But didn’t she know you could change?”
“No one did except family. My father forbade it. As far as we knew, I was the only one who was like that. He was afraid someone would see me. There are those who are collectors of sorts, who have the ability to take gifts from others. They are born with no powers or talents. But when they are of age, they discover they can remove gifts from other Royals, using them to their advantage. It leaves the Royal weak and empty. They are called Hollows and for a good reason. They walk around like zombies and show no emotion.”
“That’s horrible,” Kira said. “No wonder your father made you keep it a secret.”
“When I was a child, Shandira picked on me constantly. She was almost four years older and much stronger, so she always had the advantage. I was tired of her always winning, so I let Altaria take over. Talk about a battle. She’d been locked up inside me for so long she took all her aggression out on Shandira. Our nursemaid saw what happened and ran from the room screaming. She thought I was possessed with evil spirits.”
“What happened?”
“I must have been about ten. Octavion had been experimenting, fueling his talent as an alchemist. My father had the nursemaid held in the lower levels of the castle until Octavion created the memory drug and placed a charm on the seer stones. He’d never done it before, so wasn’t sure how much to give her. When he’d finished, she not only forgot the incident, but that she worked in the castle. It was sad. Her family thought she’d gone crazy.
“Anyway, when my father saw my mother lying there dead, he ordered Octavion to take me upstairs and called for the palace physician. When he finally showed up, my wounds had already been healed. Octavion insisted he help bandage Serena’s hand, and make sure she was okay, but it was too late. When my father brought us the news of Serena’s death, he said her heart was too weak to take the stress and pain from healing me.” 
On the table next to Lydia sat a small tapestry bag with a satin draw string. An intricate flower pattern had been embroidered on both sides. Lydia pulled it onto her lap, but didn’t open it. She sat for the longest time—not saying a word—staring at the bag. Finally, she placed her hands over the top of it and continued her story.
“My mother was beautiful, you know?” Lydia’s bottom lip began to quiver, but she held back the tears. “My father ordered all the flowers in the kingdom to be plucked from where they grew. The petals were to be removed from each bud and placed on the road that ran from the castle gates to the royal cemetery. It’s tradition to bury the dead within one day, so I didn’t get to see it. Octavion said the entire kingdom lacked any color, except for the path to my mother’s grave.
“After the fourth day, my father came to my chambers. Octavion was still by my side, guilt stricken by the trust he’d put in his friend and mourning the loss of my mother, and his—”
Lydia had been looking at her hands, but now raised her chin so their eyes met. “He was in love with Serena. He had no idea the choice he’d made would mean choosing my life over hers.” She paused for a moment.
“Even with all my father’s efforts, Shandira and Bastian disappeared. He heard rumors of them gaining allies, as well as plans to take my life. It didn’t make any sense to me. If it was Bastian she wanted, she already had him. I mean, he was on her side the whole time. What more could she want?”
“You.”
She nodded. “That’s exactly what my father feared. But it still didn’t make any sense. If it was the crown she wanted, she’d be after Octavion, not me. What possible reason could she have to want me dead? Even my father couldn’t figure it out. That’s why he gave Octavion guardianship over me and ordered him to take me far away, hide me until Shandira and Bastian could be found. It was no longer safe for me there.”
She opened the bag and pulled out a small disk shaped object, like a woman’s compact only slightly larger. In the center was a stone the shape and size of a large peach pit. It appeared to be clear, except when the candlelight caught it just right, it sparkled with every color of the rainbow. Embedded all around the center stone were precious gems and unusual indentations and markings in the metal. 
“He gave us this. It’s the journey stone I told you about the other night.” She held it out so Kira could get a better look. “It creates a doorway between our worlds so we can step through. The power is in the stone in the center. It helps us travel from one world to another.”
“So you can go back any time you want?” 
Lydia shook her head. “Father forbids us to return until it is safe. Even though we know Shandira has found a way to this world, she has allies on Ophira and it is not safe for us there.”
“But you can if you need to.” It all sounded so incredible.
“It’s complicated. If we open the way, we must be very careful, make sure the doorway is secured on the other side. It’s far too dangerous to step through, not knowing what may be waiting for us. It’s why Octavion encased the stone in metal and charmed it so it will only work if your heart is pure—if your intentions are honorable.
“When we lived in Montana we opened the doorway far too often. We believe that’s how Shandira came here. She is sneaky and has mastered her gifts. She could have stepped through without us even knowing. Octavion didn’t want her to take the stone and use it to go back. If that happened and she destroyed it, we’d be stuck here forever.
“When Octavion had a run in with one of her scouts, he sensed her thoughts were closer. He knew she’d found a way here. He moved us to this mountain. It was shortly after that when you and I met.”
“Octavion said the reason he was so upset about the pictures was because they were not of this world,” Kira said. “Did you go back alone with your camera?”
“No, but I did something just as foolish.” She grasped her ruby and gave it a rub. Octavion appeared through the cave entrance a moment later.
“Are you ready?” he asked.
“Almost,” she said.
“Are you certain it will work as you said? I cannot risk opening the doorway without someone on the other side to secure it.”
Lydia nodded. “I’m sure.” She stood and held the device out in front of her. “Kira, you should stand over there with Octavion.”
“Oh, right.” Kira jumped to her feet and went to stand beside him. 
Octavion took her by the arm and drew her in, pressing her back against his chest. He wrapped his arms around her waist and pulled her even closer, then whispered in her ear. “Be still. I have never seen her do this. I want to be prepared if something goes wrong. If what she says is true, you are about to see paradise.”
Kira wasn’t sure if it was the excitement of what she was about to see or the pounding of his heart vibrating through her back, but it felt like butterflies danced around in her stomach. She wasn’t sure what to do with her hands, so she timidly placed them over his and held on. His muscles flexed, responding to her touch. Kira’s heart skipped a beat.
“You ready?” Lydia asked, her face aglow with expectation.
“Yes,” Octavion replied. 
Holding the journey stone in the palm of one hand, she reached up with the other, put pressure on the top of the object, and gave it a twist. The top portion popped up, exposing more of the clear stone through the opening. She did the same to the bottom portion, opening another small gap that ran around the entire disc. A bright white light filled the room. She gave it a little spin, then removed her hands. The stone stayed there, completely suspended, rotating on its own power.
“Be careful,” Octavion warned.
“Don’t worry. I know what I’m doing.” The white light coming from the center stone shot a blue light out the top and a green out the bottom. “This is where I got scared the first time I did this. So I tried to stop it.” She grasped the journey stone, putting one hand on top and the other on the bottom, blocking the colored lights. The object slowed, but continued to spin between her hands.
Octavion tensed as all the colors of the rainbow shot around the cave. It only took a few seconds before the ceiling, floor, and walls fell away and they were surrounded by the kingdom of Xantara. 
“Hold very still,” Lydia said. “Or it will all go away.” The emotion in Lydia’s eyes and the pure happiness that radiated from her was something Kira had never seen before. She knew at that moment that this was where Lydia truly belonged. Nothing else seemed right. Kira could no longer imagine Lydia driving a car or standing at her school locker. Even the hobby she loved so much seemed trivial and unimportant. How could Lydia not want to go home?
Octavion took a deep breath. Kira couldn’t see his face, but imagined it looked much like his sister’s. Kira had no words to describe what she saw. She’d never seen anything like it. Even the area near the waterfall held no comparison to this glorious display.
“Kira, can you see the castle?” he asked, barely whispering.
“Yes. It’s amazing.” It appeared as though they stood on top of a hill with the entire kingdom stretched out below them. The castle perched high on a jagged cliff, almost completely surrounded by a pristine mountain lake. Its walls were made of a pure white stone, with arched windows and black rooftops. Two guard towers flanked the main entrance, which stood at the end of a long wooden drawbridge spanning a small stream. The water meandered along the front of the castle and poured over the edge of the cliff and into the lake. 
“Look to the left of the main gate, the second floor. My sleeping chambers are within. Lydia’s are in the rear, overlooking the garden.” 
“Show me more. I want to see everything.”
At the rear of the castle stood another tower. It was much larger than the guard towers and at least two stories higher than any other part of the castle. It had a flat roof with a jagged railing that went the entire distance around the top. 
“From there you can see the entire kingdom,” Octavion said. “The sunsets in Xantara are like nothing you’ve ever seen here in your world.”
“I like sunsets,” Kira whispered. 
From the main entrance, a small road led into the village. Going the other direction, it continued up the hill and ended where the three of them stood. On their right, a metal gate led to the royal burial plot. Off in the distance stood a crumbling structure—the aubelet—an ancient temple they no longer used, according to Lydia. Just to one side was the place where both their mothers were buried. Fresh flowers lay on each grave. He paused for a moment and she wondered if his eyes held tears.
It gave Kira time to think. Now she understood why Octavion had been so upset about the photos. They’d been taken from this viewpoint. She smiled when she thought of the camera teetering on its tripod and the little remote clenched in Lydia’s hand as she struggled to keep the journey stone from opening a doorway to her world. Kira would have liked to have a picture of that.
“You still with me?” Octavion asked, giving her a gentle squeeze.
“Yeah, tell me more.”
“To the left, that is where most of our people live.” A wall made of the same white stone as the castle surrounded the entire village. Each cottage looked almost identical. Some were larger than others, but they were all constructed from dark round stones and had black roofs. It was difficult to tell them apart. 
“Why do they all look alike?” Kira asked.
“For their safety.” He didn’t explain further. 
Around each cottage grew meticulously kept gardens filled with colorful flowers. She took in a deep breath, anticipating their fragrance, then realized it was only an illusion. 
“Estaria loved flowers,” he said. “It was a decree from my father for everyone to have and tend to the gardens. It was his gift to her, so she could look out over the kingdom and see their beauty.”
Kira’s heart ached at the thought of every flower being picked, their petals scattered on the road. “Your father loved her very much, didn’t he?” 
“Yes he did.” He started to say more, but Lydia spoke instead.
“I don’t think I can hold it any longer.” 
“You have held it long enough. Release it.” Octavion took one last deep breath, and let it out slowly. When Lydia pulled the journey stone close to her body and slipped it into its bag, Xantara disappeared and the darkness of the cave returned.
Octavion released Kira so she could sit near his sister, who had collapsed onto her bench. He went to one knee in front of them and took Lydia’s hands in his. “You have given me a precious gift today.” He pulled her hand to his lips and kissed it. “But we must hide it away now. You must never play with something so powerful.”
Lydia nodded. “Can you ever forgive me? I didn’t mean any harm. I missed . . . home.”
He smiled. “After what you have just given me, how could I not forgive you?”





Chapter Thirty One

The afternoon sun streamed through the opening in the cave, giving more light to their surroundings. Kira’s mood changed dramatically when Octavion produced another armful of fruit and a few slices of cheese from behind the mysterious blanket hanging on the back wall of the cave—his own natural refrigerator, he’d said. Kira made a mental note to explore it more closely when Octavion wasn’t around. 
After they’d eaten, Lydia decided to go for a walk with Toran, leaving Kira to her first lesson from the alchemist. She was determined to learn everything she could and be prepared if one of them was injured and needed her healing powers.
Before starting, Octavion went to the rear of the cave and rummaged through one of the many trunks he stored there. When he came back, he carried a small leather pouch that he tied around her waist. 
“This is for you,” he said. “There are some things I’d like you to carry.”
“Can I ask you something?”
“Of course.” He leaned against the table and folded his arms. 
“Do you think they’ll find us?” 
Octavion sighed, his shoulders sagging as the air escaped his lungs. “If they knew our location, they would already be upon us. The more time passes, the better it is for us.”
“But they know where I live. That means they’re close.”
“I believe we are safe here, but that does not mean we shouldn’t prepare for the worst.” 
“If they come….” She wasn’t sure how to ask. “How bad will it get?”
He lowered his arms and grasped the edge of the table, his expression grave. “They will fight to the death, Kira. They will not stop.”
“Then will you please teach me to defend myself? I’m sure Lydia was trying to keep us from arguing when she volunteered, but I want to know what I’m doing and be good at it. I never want to be in the situation I was in with Bastian. That was horrible. I had no idea what to do and he is so much stronger than me.”
His brow furrowed. “I can teach you, but you will still not fight.”
“What’s that supposed to mean? You can’t expect me to stand there and watch. There must be something I can do, even if it’s from a distance.” 
He smacked the table with the palm of his hand. “You will not fight, Kira, and we will not speak of this again—do you understand? I am sorry, but you have no idea what we are up against. Bastian is weak compared to a Royal like Shandira and we have no idea the allies she has conned into fighting with her. Even if I worked with you for months, you would still be an easy kill. I may not be able to protect you and my sister. You will not fight.”
The cave fell silent for a few moments while Kira let what he’d said sink in. The story Lydia had told about how he’d chosen his sister over Serena played over and over in her head. She pictured him mourning the death of the woman he loved and it twisted her heart. When Octavion turned to rummage through the bottles on the shelf, Kira spoke. “I won’t make you choose.”
He stopped and slowly spun around to face her, glaring into her eyes as if she’d released an ancient secret—something that was never to be revealed. “How much did she tell you?” 
“I know you loved Serena. And I know what you wanted to ask her the night she died.”
He leaned against the table and gripped the wooden top with his hands—this time with more purpose. “Lydia should never have told you of my feelings.”
“Yes, she should have. There’s something you need to get straight, Octavion. Do you remember what you said to me that night, before you gave me this?” She held her hand up, so he could get a good look at the Crystor. “You told me I could die if I put this thing on. I made that choice, not you. And knowing everything I know now, even with the danger we could be in, I would still make it. With everything that’s happened, I still choose to stay.” 
“I will not watch you die,” he said.
“If you teach me how to defend myself, you won’t have to.” 
He shook his head and looked away. 
“Don’t do that. Please, talk to me about this,” she begged, putting herself back in his line of sight.
Little veins of yellow invaded his eyes and she recognized that streak of temper she’d seen before. “There’s nothing to talk about.” 
“Then tell me this. Why am I here? If you’re not going to let me be a part of your life, with all the good and bad that comes with it, why shouldn’t I leave?” 
He said nothing.
As Kira stood there trying to read the sudden mix of emotions on his face, thoughts bounced around in her head and a tiny thread of doubt wound itself around her brain and gave it a squeeze. Why was she here? They certainly didn’t need her—that is, unless Lydia was injured. 
It was one of those, “Aha” moments, when she wanted to slap her forehead with the palm of her hand. This all boiled down to one thing—his oath to keep his sister alive. Nothing else mattered, not even Kira. 
She stepped back and let out a huff of air. “I can’t believe I’ve been so stupid.”
“What are you talking about?” he asked, confusion clear on his face.
“All this emotion, your fake concern for me. Lydia said it was because you liked me, but it’s all been a lie to keep me close by in case she’s hurt and you need me to heal her. Why didn’t I see that before?”
He let go of the table, straightened his back and clenched his fists at his sides. “That is not true, Kira. And you know it.” 
“How dare you play with my emotions? Why don’t you just put me in a cage? I’m a tool, like all these stupid jars of smelly potions.” 
“Kira, stop.” He took a step toward her, but she backed away, increasing the distance between them.
“You aren’t protecting me because you care for me. You want me to live so I can be her healer. And since you only have one of these stupid healing charms and it’s stuck around my wrist—that means you’re stuck with me. That’s it, isn’t it?” She paused for a second to get his answer, but it didn’t come. “Answer me!” she yelled.
When he crossed the floor and came at her, she thought for sure she was in for more of his rage, but instead he grabbed her around the waist and slammed their bodies together. Their eyes locked, but the whirlpool of emotions she saw swirling around in his eyes made her head spin and she had to look away. Threading his fingers through her hair, he gently pulled her head back. He paused for a brief moment, capturing her full attention with his hypnotic eyes when he forced her to look at him. “Is this real enough for you?” Then he pressed his tender lips to hers. 
At first she resisted, thinking his advance was a ploy to deceive her into believing he had feelings for her. But then his kiss softened and she felt his heart racing alongside hers. She knew it was real. She slid one hand around the back of his neck and pulled him closer, as the heat of his passion rushed through her like fire, making her body melt into his. Her lips parted in invitation and her hand ran up under his vest to caress the warm flesh there. But instead of accepting her advance, his body tensed, and he pushed her away. 
He swore in his native tongue, his body trembling. “You—” His jaw muscles tightened as he swallowed hard and made a visible attempt to calm his rapid breathing. 
Kira stumbled back against the cold stone wall, brought her hand to her heart to stop it from flipping around in her chest. 
Octavion raised one brow and flashed his dimples. “Are you well, Kira?” he asked in a deep voice that brought butterflies to her stomach. 
“Fine.” What were we talking about? “Umm.” She couldn’t think. 
“Did that answer your question or do you need more convincing?” He took a step toward her, but she dodged him, throwing her hands up to ward him off.
“No, no—that did it.” Holy crap! He kissed me. She’d never been kissed like that before. And then to give in like she did—she had to be more careful. 
“And so we are clear,” he added. “I would never fake my feelings—for you or anyone else.”
“Got it.” She gave him a thumbs-up, still trying to calm her nerves.
He crossed his arms again, now more serious. “So you will stop this fighting nonsense?”
Kira took the same stance, but with shaky knees and a spinning head. “No.” 
He let out a low rolling rumble from somewhere deep in his gut, snarled at her, then turned and began going through his display of bottles again. 
“Did you just growl at me?” Kira asked. 
He chuckled. “No.” 
“Growl all you want…Dimples. You promised to teach me to fight and I’m not backing down.” She stepped to the bench and sat. 
When he turned around, he held the bottle she recognized as Gyllrue in his hand. “I said I would teach you, but you will not fight.” He motioned toward her pouch. “You need to keep this with you always.”
“Are you trying to change the subject?” She opened the pouch and took the concoction from him. 
“Do you want to learn about this or not?” he asked. 
“Okay, I’m sorry.” He’d made his point and so had she. Whether or not she would come face to face with one of their enemies was yet to be seen.
Afternoon turned into evening and they’d spent several hours going over herbs and their uses. At some point, Lydia returned and quietly stepped to the other side of the cave. She plopped down on one of the remaining animal hides, and brushed out her hair with her fingers. 
By the time Octavion finished his lessons, the chill of night had crept into the cave. Kira was exhausted from trying to memorize everything she’d learned and sleep couldn’t come too soon.
“Lydia, are you finished with your little project?” Octavion asked.
“Yes, I think so, but you need to take more blankets out.” Lydia stood and brushed off her jeans.
“If it’s that cold, why can’t we sleep here in the cave?” Kira asked. “Wouldn’t it be warmer here?” 
Octavion gathered an armful of blankets. “We could, but the thick walls of the cave make it difficult to hear if someone is approaching. I feel much more comfortable out in the open. The fire will keep us warm enough.”
“Can I help?” Kira offered.
“I think I can manage.” He winked at her as he breezed by and slipped through the opening in the cave.
“What was that all about,” Kira asked. “And what are you guys up to?”
Lydia smiled. “Nothing.” 
Kira nudged Lydia with her elbow. “You better tell me.”
“I can do better than that. Come on, I’ll show you.” Lydia took Kira’s hand and led her out of the cave, through the trees and into the clearing. 
At first, Kira didn’t notice anything different. Octavion stood by the fire and Toran lay a few feet away, grooming himself. As they walked to the center of the clearing, Lydia stopped and turned Kira to face the shelters. Right there—next to Lydia’s lean-to—stood a new one. 
Kira’s hand flew to her mouth as she forced back tears. “You did this for me?” She stepped closer to take in every detail. It was built much the same as Lydia’s only slightly larger. It was also decorated with beads and feathers, but the biggest difference was on the front opening where a dark piece of thick fabric hung as a curtain. She pulled it back and flipped one corner up on top of the shelter to get a better look inside.
She also had several animal pelts as her mattress, but in addition to a few light blankets, there was a quilt—her grandma’s from her bed at home. They had also retrieved two of her pillows and her bow. It had been restrung.
Kira spun around, tears now flowing freely. “You went to my house?”
Lydia wrapped Kira in an embrace. “Don’t cry. It’s supposed to make you feel more at home, happy.” 
Kira shrugged out of the hug and wiped the tears from her cheeks. “It does make me happy. It’s just . . . my life will never be the same, will it?”
Lydia shook her head. “I’m sorry.”
“It’s okay. With mom gone, there’s nothing there for me anyway.” 
“So . . . you’re not mad?” Lydia asked, cringing slightly.
“Mad? No. I love this. It’s perfect.”
Lydia smiled so wide, the crookedness that usually set off her grin disappeared. “We thought you’d be mad because Octavion went to your house without you.” 
Kira turned her attention to Octavion, stepped closer. “Thank you.” She leaned against his chest and he wrapped his arms around her.
“You are welcome,” he said. 
When she let go and looked into his eyes, there was warmth there she’d never seen before. That one intimate moment they’d shared in his lair had changed things between them. He’d found his way into her heart and by the look on his face he felt the same connection. She looked away, embarrassed by the length of time he’d held her stare.
“When did you do this?” Kira asked, going back to examine the structure more carefully.
“Octavion built the shelter while I shared my memories with you,” Lydia said.
“But, when did you go to my house?” 
“Before I started,” Octavion said. “After I realized how upset you were, I wanted to make sure your house was secure. I fixed the doors.” He walked to the shelter and drew the curtain back a little more. “Lydia did well with the decorations. This curtain is to give you more privacy. Do you like it?”
“Of course, I do.” Kira scanned the area around the shelter and inside. “Where are my clothes?”
“You said not to go through your things,” he said.
“But, Octavion, I need something to wear. It’s not that I don’t appreciate this—it’s great—I just can’t wear these clothes anymore. I’m starting to stink.” And she needed to get the photo. 
She looked at Lydia, who still wore her worn out jeans and not-so-white T-shirt. “Don’t you need some things from your house, too?”
Lydia shrugged. “It’s not like I can take anything home with me. I have a few things in the cave if I need a change, but they’re from Xantara and I don’t think you’d like them.”
Octavion rubbed the fine stubble on his chin. “I didn’t see any new signs of them being there.” He paused for a moment. “Can you give me one more day? I’ll go tomorrow night. If there is no sign of them, I will take you the next morning. You won’t have much time—only a few things. Do you understand?”
Kira nodded.
“Now, you both need to get some rest. Tomorrow I shall teach you to fight.” Octavion stretched his arm toward Kira’s shelter. “Let me know how you like it.”
She climbed in and snuggled under the covers. “I already love it—it’s all mine.”





Chapter Thirty Two

The sun had barely risen when Kira woke. She leaned forward and pulled the curtain back so she could see out. Octavion lay peacefully in his shelter, but Lydia was gone. 
Lydia? 
Oh good, you’re awake. I’ll be there in a sec. I’m getting something for us to eat.
Okay, take your time. I’m not awake yet. Kira flipped the edge of the curtain over the top of her shelter, propped her pillows up, and pressed her back against the side of the lean-to. She wanted to watch Octavion sleep. 
The crisp morning air felt good rushing through her lungs, clearing out the cobwebs from a long and peaceful sleep. As she waited for Lydia to make her appearance, she thought about how scared she’d been the first time she’d seen him. So much had changed since then, so many wonderful things that filled her mind—and her heart. She wondered if her life would ever be the same—or if she wanted it to be. 
As a morning chill crawled up her legs she let her gaze leave Octavion’s face long enough to retrieve her quilt and pull it over her legs. When she returned to watching him, his eyes were open.
“Are you cold?” he asked. His first words after waking sounded rough and broken.
She simply nodded, then went back to memorizing the contours of his face.
He pulled his covers to the side and patted the empty space beside him. As if tethered by an invisible thread, she felt pulled toward him as she snuggled to his side, and draped her arm over his chest. He replaced the covers and pulled her close. The warmth of his skin felt good against her cheek as the air she drew in mixed with his scent. They lay in silence until Lydia stepped into the clearing from behind a tree. When she didn’t see Kira in her shelter, she froze. Kira? 
Octavion cleared his throat causing Lydia to jerk her head in their direction.
“Ugh! Why did you wake him?” Lydia asked.
“She did not wake me. I heard you trip over that bench in my lair fifteen minutes ago. You are as quiet as a mule.” He tried to slip out from under the covers. Kira protested by letting out her best impression of his growl.
“I need to stoke the fire.” He gently released her and let her body sink to his empty bed. At least his warmth remained. She felt so at peace that she stayed there, watching him do his chore. She had no desire to move. Unfortunately, Lydia had other ideas. She sat on the blanket next to Kira and laid out a breakfast of the usual fruit, cheese and bread. 
“Sit up, lazy,” Lydia ordered. 
“I don’t want to,” Kira complained. “Can’t I just stay here?”
“A lot of good it did to build you your own shelter. Now get up and eat with me.” Lydia grabbed the covers and yanked them back. 
“Lydia, I was comfortable.” Kira pushed herself up, brushed her hands through her tangled hair and rubbed the sleep from her eyes. She was still tired and even though she was hungry, she would have preferred something else, like bacon, eggs and a huge portion of hash-browns. She reluctantly bit into an apple.
“I want to ask you something,” Lydia said.
“Do I have a choice?” Kira asked after swallowing her first bite.
Lydia didn’t answer, just continued speaking as if Kira hadn’t said anything. “We never really talked about all this.” She gestured to their surroundings with a wave of her hand. “I was just curious about, ya know, how you feel.”
“You mean besides the fact that there’s no shower and I’d give anything for a juicy burger and fries?” She held up her half-eaten apple and frowned.
Lydia smiled. “Yeah, besides all that.”
Kira shrugged. “I’m not sure what to think. I mean, you being from another world is kinda cool and it’ll take me some time to get used to all the magic and stuff, but the rest . . . I don’t know. I guess it’s the unknown that’s got me worried. I’m terrified of what’s coming—of Shandira. I don’t understand why she wants you dead or how Bastian fits into all this. It doesn’t make sense to me.”
“We’ve been trying to figure it out for years and it doesn’t make sense to us either. At first we thought she was jealous because I had Bastian and she didn’t have anyone to love her like that. But then we found out it was all a lie and he was actually working for her, so that theory was thrown out of the mix. It’s so confusing. If she’d make a demand or tell us what she wanted, we’d tried to work it out so we could be done with this and go home.”
Home. Kira tried not think about what that meant—that they might go back to Xantara and she’d have to find a new place to live. A little piece of Kira’s heart broke when she thought of Lydia and Octavion leaving. “At least you have a home.”
Lydia touched Kira’s hand. “If it makes you feel better, I’m sure Octavion will find you someplace safe before we go.” She withdrew her hand and lowered her eyes. “Being my friend has ruined your life. He warned me, but . . . I felt so connected to you, I couldn’t resist.”
“You didn’t ruin my life. I felt a connection, too. Almost like we’d always been friends. Sisters.” Kira fingered the tiny strand of silver that sealed their friendship forever. “Will the Crystor still work . . . between worlds, I mean?”
This time Lydia shrugged. “When we’re not blocking our thoughts to keep Shandira out of our heads, we can communicate with our father, but I don’t know about the Crystor. It’s different between you and me. You’re—”
“A commoner?”
“I was going to say, ‘not Royal’.” 
“But it might work?” Kira asked.
“You have to admit it would be kinda cool. We could chat anytime we wanted.”
“Yeah. Cool.” Kira couldn’t quite get as excited as Lydia seemed. After all, Lydia would return to a father who loved her and a home where she probably had a ton of friends. What did Kira have? 
Nothing.
“Look on the bright side. At least we’re getting out of school.” Lydia grabbed an orange and dug her thumb under a section of peel, stripping it away from the fruit. She tossed the chunk of rind toward the fire, not quite hitting her mark.
“But I like school,” Kira said. “And I want to graduate. At least I did.” If for no other reason than to accomplish something her mother never cared about. She’d dropped out when she was a junior because she was pregnant with Kira.
Lydia stuffed a huge section of orange into her mouth and bit down, squirting juice down her chin. She used the hem of her shirt to wipe her face. She mumbled something, but Kira didn’t quite catch it. Her attention had switched to Octavion. 
At some point during their breakfast, Octavion wandered off. Now he’d returned with an armful of leather and steel, most of which looked lethal. “Whenever you are ready.”
“You’re seriously going to teach me to fight?” Kira asked. 
“I gave my word.” He dropped the weapons to the ground in a heap, making a loud clank. “To teach you,” he said with a little too much emphasis. 
Kira jumped to her feet and tossed her apple core into the fire. She wiped her hands on her pants. “I’m ready.”
Lydia cleaned up the breakfast mess, then sat on a nearby log to watch—or keep score—as she put it. While Octavion systematically divided the weapons between Kira and him, Lydia gave her unsolicited advice on how he should teach Kira to fight. Octavion ignored her, which only increased her comments. 
Octavion strapped a dagger to Kira’s hip and instructed her to tie the small leather strap around her leg. 
“You’re not serious about using real weapons, are you?” Kira asked. “What if I get cut?” 
“You said you wanted to learn how to fight. What do you think they will bring with them?” Octavion pulled out a long sword that was almost bigger than Kira. He threw it effortlessly onto his back and fastened the straps of the leather sheath across his chest, making an X. 
He handed her a long, much thinner sword, and fastened it to her in much the same fashion as he’d done his own. 
“Is this really necessary? I thought you would teach me how to defend myself with my hands or something. I don’t know anything about these weapons. They’ll just get in the way.”
He paused for a moment and looked at her. “Do you really think you can ward me off with your bare hands?”
“No, but—”
“Are you ready to be done with this nonsense?” Now the truth was out. It was all a show to convince her not to fight.
She straightened and propped her hands on her hips. “Not a chance.” 
He raised one brow and she thought she caught a glimpse of a smirk. “As you wish, my lady.” He bowed, making her laugh.
The first thing he taught her was how to draw the sword by reaching behind her head and pulling it straight up out of the sheath. In the beginning, it was awkward, but after a few tries, it felt more comfortable. 
Next, he positioned himself in front of her, drawing his sword. “Now, when you face your opponent, you must keep your eyes on his. Do not look at his sword, just watch his eyes. You will learn to sense his next move by the way he drops a shoulder or moves his feet.” 
Kira nodded. Her stomach twisted. 
“Watch my eyes,” he repeated. He swung the sword directly at her and she cowered, barely meeting his weapon with her own. The loud clang of the metal echoed through the clearing as the vibration from the swords striking one another weakened her grip. Her sword fell in the dirt at her side.
“Kira! One blow and you would have been dead. Now fight back. You can do this.”
She retrieved her weapon, took a deep breath and tightened her grip on the sword with both hands. Planting her feet firmly on the ground and widening her stance, she looked him in the eyes with more determination. “Do it again.”
This time he came at her from the other side, but she was ready. She swung the sword as hard as she could and deflected the blow.
“Good,” he said. “Now lean forward. You are smaller than me. Throw all your weight into each blow.”
He came at her again, but unlike before he didn’t stop. They danced around the clearing, exchanging blows—the clank of metal on metal ringing through the trees. She thought she was doing okay until he hit her sword closer to the hilt and sent it sailing into the air. Thinking he would stop and let her retrieve her weapon, she relaxed, but he didn’t let up. He drove his sword into the ground, pulled his knife from its sheath and came at her. When she backed away, he yelled. 
“Kira! Be aggressive! Don’t back down. They will see your weakness.” 
She’d forgotten about her knife. Her first thought was to take full advantage of her smaller size, so she dove for his knees, tripping him. He stumbled to the ground, rolled over and jumped back to his feet. When Kira got up, she went at him again, but this time he grabbed her arm and spun her around, holding his knife to her neck.
“Right here, you die.” 
Kira, grab your dagger and stab his leg. Hurry, came Lydia’s thoughts. 
No way! 
Do it! You can heal him later. 
Kira was too afraid to hurt him, so she drew her knife and thrust the handle against his leg instead. He dropped his arm and released her, but as he grabbed for his leg, his forearm caught the tip of her blade.
“Aaah!” he roared. “You cut me!”
“Oh, Octavion, I didn’t mean—” But then she saw the rage in his eyes. When he came at her again, she heard Lydia tell her to jump to the side and sweep her foot out, so she did, sending Octavion into a tree. 
Lydia came out cheering. “Nice, Kira. Very nice.”
Octavion smacked the ground with his fist. “You cheat!”
“I won!” Kira had retrieved her sword and now held the tip an inch or two away from his neck. “Admit it. Or I will cut you again.” 
“She’s got you, brother.”
He growled. “I will concede—on one condition.”
“What?” Kira asked.
He looked at Lydia and smiled. “My little sister is next.”
“Deal,” Lydia said without hesitation.
Kira replaced her sword in the sheath and offered her hand to help him, but he refused. His pride was showing. He stood, rubbed his shoulder where it had hit the tree, then retrieved his sword and slid it into place behind his back. “I still think you are a cheat.” 
“What difference does it make if I cheat, as long as I live?”
“Good point,” he said, holding out his arm. “Would you be so kind as to fix this—so I can teach your friend a lesson?”
“Be happy to.” Kira grabbed the water jug from his shelter and poured it over his wound. It wasn’t deep and only a couple inches long, but he winced when the water hit it. 
“Baby,” she teased.
He grunted. 
Kira held her hand over the wound. It was the first time she’d ever healed him and the sensation somehow seemed different. Instead of just burning, it tingled and made her feel warm inside. It was as if a part of him had seeped into her skin—and she liked it.
He brought his hand up and cupped her chin in his palm. “Thank you.”
Kira nodded, but only because she couldn’t speak.
Lydia leaned against a tree, sharpening her dagger on a stone as if preparing to skin a wild beast—Octavion. “It’s been a while,” she said. “You sure you can handle this?” 
“Shall I let you win? Or would you prefer to do this my way?”
“You let me win and I’ll slit your throat while you sleep.” She dropped the stone and came at him. Instantly, she transformed into Altaria and the fury in her icy blue eyes caught Kira off guard. She knew Altaria was ruthless, but to see the change happen so rapidly—and the drastic difference between her and Lydia—it scared her.
Octavion jumped back, barely escaping Altaria’s blade. “Remind me to sleep with one eye open.” He still had his knife out from his confrontation with Kira, but instead of using it, he slipped it into its case and pulled his sword from the sheath on his back. “If you want to win, perhaps you should be more prepared.”
Kira! My sword! As Altaria gracefully avoided his blow, Kira drew the sword and tossed it into the air. Altaria didn’t look to see it coming, just reached out and caught the handle, swinging it from one side of her body to the other. When she’d finished with her playful display, she took a stance and held her weapon out in front, ready for his blow. The game was on.
Kira backed herself between two trees, in hopes of staying out of their way. With every blow, came more ribbing and taunting. To them it was a game, but to Kira it made the possibility of them coming face to face with their enemy more real. Would she watch a similar scene from her hiding place or would she fight side by side with them? The thought terrified her. 
When they were both too exhausted to care who won, they called it a draw. “Well, I guess that concludes our lesson for the day.” Octavion stood and picked up his sword, sliding it back into its sheath.
“Not by a long shot, mister.” Kira stepped to her shelter and retrieved her bow. “Did you get arrows for this thing or am I supposed to shoot sticks.”
He looked at Altaria and back at Kira. “I’ll see what I can find.” He crossed the clearing and walked toward the cave.
Altaria brushed the dirt from her pants and took her hair out of its braid. “I could teach you a few things, if you like.” 
“To fight with my hands?” Kira asked.
“Yes, and your feet. It takes practice, but it is not hard. A woman is much more limber and can defeat a strong man if she keeps her wits about her.” She finger-combed her hair and began braiding it again. 
As much as Kira wanted to learn how to fight, she felt nervous about Altaria teaching her, especially since they hadn’t exactly gotten along. “Umm . . . does Lydia know how to fight, too?”
Altaria flipped her braid behind her back and planted a scowl on her face. “Lydia is capable, but has not mastered it. If you prefer to learn from her that is fine.” She snatched her sword from the ground and stabbed it in the dirt just in front of Kira’s feet. 
Oh great. Now I’ve made her mad. “Uh, no. That’s okay. I was just curious. I, um . . . I’d like you to teach me, actually.” I’m an idiot and now, I’m gonna die. 
Altaria grinned. 
Kira couldn’t tell if pleasure shone behind Altaria’s smile or mischief. Either way, she had a feeling she was in for a rough lesson.





Chapter Thirty Three

Octavion leaned the quiver of arrows against a tree, took a seat on a fallen log, and watched while Altaria taught Kira how to defend herself. Seeing them as contenders gave him pause. He’d given his vow to protect his sister at all costs, and he knew he would never falter, but seeing Kira giving and taking blows at the hands of her imaginary enemy, made his stomach churn. The choice to let her be a part of their lives had not only put her in danger, but had been selfish on his part—he wanted to be close to her. 
Just that morning he’d invited her into his bed. An innocent invitation meant to bring her warmth and comfort, yet it was almost unbearable for him. How many times he’d dreamed of her coming to him in the night—wanting him the way he wanted her. If only he knew her feelings, it would be easier. No longer would he have to love her from a distance and wonder what their future would bring. Their lives would be one—and so would their hearts.
“Kira, block with your arms. Defend yourself.” Altaria yelled, throwing a punch in Kira’s direction. “Do not watch for it, feel it coming, sense it.”
Octavion had to smile. Kira was giving it her best, even though she was no match for his sister. He was also amused to see Altaria holding back—a gesture uncommon to her. She’d never given anyone the upper hand, not even with her words. It was good to see her doing so now. Perhaps she was learning to like Kira after all.
“Stop worrying about hurting me. Kick with all your strength.” Altaria jumped in the air just as Kira swept her leg under Altaria’s feet. “Faster, you must be faster.”
Kira tried again, this time losing her balance and landing with her leg curled up under her at an awkward angle. She cried out in frustration and hit the ground with her fist.
Octavion jumped to his feet. 
Don’t you dare! She needs to learn this. She is fine. Altaria motioned for him to back off. 
With his fists clenched at his sides, he returned to sit on the log.
Kira untangled her legs and stood. “Again!” she challenged.
Octavion leaned back and folded his arms. He’d seen firsthand how stubborn Kira could be, but this was different. She was tougher than he realized. Perhaps a little fire burned behind those emerald eyes after all.
For the most part, he kept quiet. Every once in a while he’d let out a hoot or slap his thigh when Kira got in a good punch or avoided another, always earning a glare or harsh thought from his sister. When they’d finished, Kira panted like she’d just run a marathon, but Altaria seemed barely winded. Octavion handed them both a jug of water, and retrieved the quiver of arrows he’d found at the bottom of a trunk in his lair. 
“You still up for an archery lesson?” Octavion asked.
“Ha!” Kira wiped the moisture from her mouth with her sleeve. “I didn’t say I needed a lesson, just wanted to know if I was shooting sticks.” She stepped to her shelter, hung the water jug on a supporting branch and grabbed her bow. “Lead the way, my prince.” 
Altaria almost choked on her water trying not to laugh. “I think I will sit this one out.”





Chapter Thirty Four

“Pull back real slow,” Octavion instructed.
“Do you mind? This is my bow and it isn’t the first time I’ve used it.” Kira knew she was a bit snappy, but he was treating her like she’d never even seen a bow before, let alone spent two years competing in high school. “Just give me a target.”
He looked around for a moment, then pointed. “See that stump about fifty feet off? Can you hit that?”
Kira lowered her bow and glared at him. “Octavion, be serious. I could hit that if I was blind.”
He stepped back and folded his arms. “Then you pick.”
They were in the canyon with plenty targets at their disposal, so she searched the tree line and found a branch void of bark and needles that hung from an old pine tree. It was about 150 feet away. There wasn’t so much as a breeze, so she knew her chances were pretty good. “That dead branch.” She pointed with the tip of her arrow.
“Ha! I should wager.” 
“Okay. If I hit it, you have to take me back to the falls—and not on horseback.”
“And what do I get if you miss?” 
Kira thought for a moment. “I might let you kiss me again.”
“Deal,” Octavion said without hesitation.
Kira notched the arrow on the string, drew back the bow, aimed and let the string release from the tips of her fingers. It hit dead on. “YES!”
Octavion just stood there, staring at where the arrow landed. “Luck.”
“Fine—you pick the target.” 
He searched the meadow again, this time pointing to a large pinecone about the same distance away. It barely dangled from a small branch. “There,” he challenged.
“Care to have another little bet?” Kira had to admit it felt pretty good to hold her bow again. She thought it would take some practice to get used to it, but where the sword and knife felt awkward, this weapon was merely an extension of her body.
He paused for a moment. “What did you have in mind?” 
Kira considered his question—she had an idea. “I’ll take the kiss if I miss, but if I hit it, you have to wear normal clothes tomorrow when you take me home.” She wasn’t sure what he had to wear, but it was worth a try.
He raised one brow and searched her eyes. “What do you mean by ‘normal clothes’?”
“Well, Lydia told me when you lived in Montana, you had a job. I assume you have something besides those.” She motioned to his leather pants and vest. “You know, jeans, T-shirt, and maybe even a pair of tennis shoes.”
“My sister needs to learn when to hold her tongue.” He looked across the canyon at the lone pinecone, as if willing it to stay in place. “Deal.” A mischievous grin crossed his face. 
Now if she could just hit the darn thing. Her butterflies were back and they flitted wildly around in her stomach. She pulled back, took a deep breath and, at just the right moment, released it, sending the arrow toward her target. Never before had an arrow seemed so slow, but when it finally reached the pinecone it grazed the side, leaving it dangling on its branch. 
“I hit it.” Kira shouted. “State Champion—two years in a row.” She held out the bow. “Care to give it a try?” 
“You missed.” He pointed to the target. “It is still there.”
“What? Are you blind? I hit the side of it.”
“It did not fall. I win.” A mischievous grin crossed his face as he crooked a finger, motioning for her to come closer.
“Oh, no you don’t. That’s cheating. You said I had to hit it, not knock it from the branch.”
“What good does it do to graze a target? You must hit dead on to kill your opponent. The pinecone still lives.” 
“It still lives?” Kira laughed. “Oh man, you’re stretching for that one.” She kept her distance, but had an idea. “Okay, how about a compromise? One kiss in exchange for blue jeans. That’s it. You can wear anything else you want, but I get you in jeans.”
A grin slowly crossed his face. “I can live with that.” He came toward her, but instead of letting him kiss her on the lips, she playfully presented him with the back of her hand. “I didn’t say where you could kiss me.”
He was suddenly as gallant as she’d seen in Lydia’s memories. “As you wish—my lady,” he teased. He brushed his lips across the back of her hand, then continued planting tender kisses up the length of her arm. When he reached her neck, her heart raced and her insides felt like mush. 
Threading his fingers through her hair, he drew her closer, pressing his lips to hers. The warmth of it swelled within her as he scooped her into his arms. He pulled his lips away, but held there, so close she felt his warm breath rush down her neck. Their eyes met and she could see the heat of passion in them. She wondered if hers revealed the same feelings to him.
“Close your eyes,” he whispered.
“Octavion, what—?”
“Kira, please. Close your eyes.”
As she gave into his plea, his lips found hers and Kira was in heaven. The sensation she felt flowing through her body as he lifted them from the ground engulfed her senses, and caressed every nerve ending that ran across the surface of her skin. A sudden rush filled her ears as their lips parted. They were at the falls. He lowered them both to the ground, still holding her in his arms. When another kiss came, he slowly slid his hand under the hem of her shirt, slipping his fingers around to the small of her bare back and pulled her closer. 
Kira’s brain suddenly caught up with her heart as she realized what was happening. This wasn’t how she wanted this to happen. Not here. Not now. “Octavion, I can’t,” she breathed, as his mouth roamed the sensitive place just under her ear. His hand slowly made its way back to her stomach, brushing her skin with his fingertips until he found the top button on her jeans.
“Stop!” she cried. Pushing against his weight, she rolled out from under him and scooted across the grass to lean against a boulder. She paused there for a moment to catch her breath, then tried to stand, but her trembling legs refused to hold her. Using the boulder for balance, she managed to pull herself up enough to sit on it. 
Octavion stood and went to her, obviously shaken by her sudden withdrawal. “Kira, I’m sorry. I thought—” 
“No. It’s not you.” She scooted further back on the rock.
He straightened. “Do you not have feelings for me? Did I misunderstand?” He let out a sigh of frustration. “In my lair, I thought . . . and again this morning and our wager. You asked me to kiss you.”
“I know I did. And I do have feelings for you, it’s just—” She couldn’t look at him. She didn’t want to see the pain she’d caused him or the disappointment. “You can’t have feelings . . . for me.” Not when their future was so uncertain. She stifled a sob as she stood and began walking toward the crevice that led to the canyon. She had to get away, to put some distance between them, but when she stepped up on the rock ledge that led to the opening, her foot slipped on a piece of moss and she fell to the ground. It only caused her tears to come more quickly. 
Octavion knelt at her side. “Are you hurt?” 
“No.” 
“Kira. Please tell me what I have done to offend you. I will make it right.” 
She still couldn’t look at him. Why couldn’t he just get mad like he always did and let her leave? It would be so much easier if he hated her. 
The rush of the falls masked the silence between them. It wasn’t until she heard the shuffle of his feet that she looked up. He stood a few feet away with his back to her. A long moment passed before she finally spoke.
“Octavion, I’m sorry.” Kira pushed herself up to stand behind him and reached out to touch his shoulder. He relaxed the tension in his shoulders and slowly turned to face her. Moisture gathered in his eyes.
"Do you not trust me?” he asked.
“It’s me I don’t trust. I can’t be with you like this.”
“We are both adults. If you have feelings for me—”
“Adults? I’m only seventeen. And you’re what . . . twenty?”
“I am in my nineteenth year—old enough.”
“No, it’s not that. It has nothing to do with our age.” Kira didn’t know what to say. She felt like a naïve little girl, trying to make sense of something she’d promised herself years before. She was sure he wouldn’t understand.
“Kira, are you afraid of me? I will not hurt you, not . . . like this.” His eyes were so revealing now, pleading for some kind of explanation. 
“That’s not it. It’s just . . .” She looked down at her hands and lowered her voice. “I’ve never been with anyone before.” She went back to her rock and sat. Surely, he’d think she was old fashioned and insist she grow up, or give in to his advances and become a real woman. But she still felt she owed him an explanation. She took a deep breath and let it out slowly. 
“Giving that part of myself to a guy is something I’ve thought a lot about. For years I watched my mother go through one man after another and I don’t want my life to be like hers. I want my first—and last—to be my husband. Can you understand that?” She looked up, expecting to see anger in his eyes, but instead she found compassion and understanding.
His whole body sagged with relief as he stepped closer and knelt in front of her. He took both her hands in his. “I did not realize. I am the one who is sorry. If this is what you want, I will honor your wishes.”
Kira searched his eyes, trying to draw courage from the love she saw there. To finish what she had to say. To tell him what was in her heart. They’d had so little time to get to know each other, at least for her, but it seemed as though they’d always been together. She didn’t understand how being with him made time seem to slip away and nothing else matter.  
“Is there more?” he asked.
She nodded.
“Then you need to tell me.” He brushed a strand of hair from her face and tucked it behind her ear. “I want to understand.”
Kira wiped the tears from her cheeks and turned her attention to the falls. It looked just as beautiful as the first time she’d seen it. But instead of a heavenly glow, a vivid rainbow glistened within its mist. She tried to choose her words carefully.
“When this is over—” She looked back at him. “Will you take Lydia home?” 
“Yes.” There was no hesitation. No hint of regret for leaving Kira behind.
The ache that had settled in her heart that morning deepened. It wasn’t the answer she wanted. She’d hoped that Lydia was wrong and that they wouldn’t leave her alone like her mom had. She slowly pulled her hands away from his and leaned back. “I don’t think we should do this anymore. I won’t ask you to hold me or . . . kiss me again.”
“What are you saying?” He sat back on his heels and rested his hands on his thighs.
“I’m saying—you can’t have feelings for me. It’s going to be hard enough saying goodbye, Octavion. I couldn’t bear it if . . . I don’t want you to fall in love with me. Your oath to protect Lydia should be the only thing on your mind right now. I’m just a . . . a distraction.” 
He threaded his fingers through her hair and ran his thumb across her quivering lips. “You do not need to remind me of my oath. I gave my word to protect my sister, and I will. But as for us—it is not within me to deny what my heart has already chosen.” He lowered his hands and looked intently into her eyes. “That is, unless you feel nothing for me.”
Kira’s heart fluttered. She’d expected their conversation to take a completely different direction—to end it all—but here she was, sitting in front of someone who claimed to love her. That, in and of itself, should have been enough. 
But it wasn’t. 
“I do love you. I don’t think I realized that until this morning when I watched you sleep. But our love isn’t enough to keep us together. Being in two different worlds wouldn’t exactly qualify as a long distance relationship. What will you tell your heart when you have to leave? Even the Crystor won’t have the power to heal it.” 
Octavion smiled with a mischievous glint in his deep blue eyes. “I will not have to tell it anything—if you go with me.” He stood and offered his hand. 
“To Xantara? But I thought—can you do that?”
He still had his hand out, but when she didn’t take it, he reached down and took hers, pulling her into his arms. “It would be difficult to make you my queen if I left you behind.” He kissed her briefly, then stepped back, holding her at arm’s length.
She gave him a sideways grin. “Are you proposing?” 
He smiled again. “No. But when the time is right, I will.” 
Kira shrugged out of his grasp and slapped his arm. “Well you better not wait too long. I might get another offer.” She rested her hands on her hips.
He raised one brow and folded his arms—just as the Crystor burned cold and sent a sharp pain up Kira’s arm. She grabbed her wrist.
“What is it?” Octavion asked.
“Didn’t you say I could tell when Lydia’s in danger, when something’s wrong?” She reached for his arm to steady the sudden weakness she felt in her knees and tried to focus on Lydia’s location. 
“Yes, call to her.”
Lydia. Are you okay? No answer.
Lydia! “She’s hurt, Octavion. I can feel it and she’s not answering.” Kira leapt into Octavion’s arms and closed her eyes. “She’s in the clearing.”
For the first time, traveling with him felt violent and painful. It happened so fast she felt ripped from where she stood and thrown to the ground. She came down with so much force, she stumbled. The only thing breaking her fall was Lydia, who’d been crouched by the fire. Kira slammed into her, sending them both rolling in the dirt. Octavion knelt at Lydia’s side and tried to help her up. By the time Kira recovered, Lydia was sitting in the dirt holding her hands up like a surgeon who’d just scrubbed for surgery.
“I’m fine,” Lydia said. “It’s just a little burn.” 
Kira took hold of Lydia’s wrists and pulled them closer to have a look. Her palms were seared like she’d pressed them onto hot coals. “This isn’t a little burn. What happened?” 
“It’s so stupid. I’m not used to cooking, you know that. I never cook. I was in such a hurry.” She looked at Octavion. “I grabbed the side of the pot with my bare hands.”
“So, why didn’t you answer me?” Kira asked. “I thought Shandira had found you.” 
Lydia scrunched up her face. “I was embarrassed,” she whispered.
Kira let out a huff of air. “Well don’t do that again. You answer me, no matter what. Your brother almost threw me across the clearing trying to get to you.”
Octavion’s head shot up. “I did not.”
Kira took both of Lydia’s hands and summoned all her strength into healing the burns. It took a little more effort than she expected—probably because her head was still reeling from the leap. Or maybe it was the kiss. She’d need to do a little more research to know for sure.





Chapter Thirty Five

Kira stood and brushed the dirt from her jeans. She hadn’t noticed before, but a wonderful aroma filled the clearing. A cast iron pot sat on the fire. She picked up the large spoon that rested on one of the rocks, and used it to remove the heavy metal lid, setting it aside. As she stirred the pot the steam rose into the air and Kira drew the aroma into her lungs. 
“Lydia, this smells delicious.” 
“It’s venison stew. I thought you might like a real meal.” 
Octavion helped Lydia from the ground and stepped to the fire to see for himself. He took a whiff and wrinkled his nose.
“You don’t like it?” Kira asked.
Lydia chuckled. “He likes his meat fresh.”
“Lydia!” Octavion chastised. 
“What?” Lydia asked. “It’s not like she doesn’t know.”
“Know what?” Kira asked, looking from one to the other while waiting for a response. “What did I miss?”
“You missed nothing.” Octavion said.
Lydia stepped closer to the fire and propped her hands on her hips. “Oh, for heaven’s sake. He hunts wild game and eats it, ya know, like right off the bone.”
Octavion clenched his fists at his side. “She gets it, Lydia. Now let it go.”
Kira had to admit she hadn’t given Octavion’s eating habits much thought, but now that Lydia had explained it, it made sense. Because of the curse, he needed to feed to satisfy his hunger, so how else would he do that? She tried not to act too surprised at Lydia’s revelation. 
“So, what are you eating then, Octavion?” She gave the pot another stir, replaced the lid, and propped her foot on one of the rocks surrounding the fire. She slipped her hands into her back pockets. “Aren’t you getting tired of fruit? I know I am.”
“So am I,” Lydia added.
“It is none of your concern,” he said.
“Lydia, what did you do with the rest of this meat?” Kira asked. “Surely you didn’t use the entire animal in this little stew.”
Octavion glared at Lydia. 
“Toran’s working on it,” Lydia said.
Octavion released the tension in his shoulders with a sigh and leaned over the fire. He hooked the spoon under the handle of the pot, lifted it from the fire and set it on the ground. “It is done.” He stepped to the wood pile and withdrew a log. 
“Maybe you should go get something, Octavion. That way we can eat together.” Kira knew she was pushing him to a place he’d rather not go, but she also knew he needed to deal with his fear of her knowing who he was and what he was capable of. It was time he trusted her and learned she could handle his transformation and the curse that controlled his life.
“Drop it, Kira.” Octavion threw the log on the fire, sending sparks into the air. Kira had to step back to avoid getting hit in the face. 
Lydia stepped between them. “Knock it off, Octavion. You could’ve hurt her. What were you thinking?”
His look softened, but when he tried to apologize, Kira turned, leaving her back to him. 
“Why don’t you trust me?” 
“What?” he asked.
She turned to face him again. “Why don’t you trust me? I’ve already seen you transform. I’ve heard you tell me about the curse and how you have to feed to satisfy your cravings. Don’t you think I have some idea of what that means? I do have The Animal Channel you know—or at least I did before my mom took the TV.”
Octavion’s shoulders widened and he hunched forward, just enough that she noticed. He said nothing as he stared into her eyes, tiny threads of yellow invading his. The muscles in his arms rippled as he clenched and unclenched his fists, as if trying to gain control. 
“Octavion. Please, answer me. What are you afraid I’ll see?”
“Leave it, Kira,” he said through clenched teeth. “You will not like what you see. Trust me on that.”
“No. If you want me to be a part of your life, then you need to get over this. You’re the one who’s afraid—not me.”
He closed his eyes and drew in a deep breath. Kira wasn’t sure if he was trying to control his rage or releasing it, but he didn’t make her wait much longer to find out. He took one more breath and opened his eyes. They glowed with the fury of a wild, savage beast. The rest of his transformation was instantaneous as he leapt into the air and headed right for her. 
Kira stepped back to avoid him, but her foot tangled on a fallen branch and she stumbled. Her back slammed onto the cold earth, and a sharp pain shot through her left shoulder. Octavion landed on top of her, supporting his weight on his knees and hands. His face, only inches from hers, had morphed into a stunning combination of human and ferocious lion. 
The bridge of his nose was wider, his cheek bones higher and more pronounced, and his brow seemed deeper, setting off his piercing yellow eyes. But even with all those changes, nothing compared to the change in his teeth—razor-sharp canines that could puncture the flesh of any creature, including her. 
Kira was barely aware of Lydia screaming for Octavion to stop. In response, he let out a roar that echoed through the trees. His warm breath rushed over Kira as he bared his teeth again and let out a deep rumbling growl. She fought to get up, but he pushed her back down with the end of one finger—the tip of which had a sharp claw. 
Claws! He has claws! She turned her head away and tried to imagine what his face looked like before. She had to be strong. She had to show him she was okay with it. Kira pooled all the courage she could summon and turned back to face him—looking him directly in the eyes. “Get off me.”
A shamed expression crossed his face before he pushed away from her and vanished. The mist he left in his wake settled around her like a warm blanket, engulfing her senses and calming her racing heart.
“Kira, are you okay?” Lydia dropped to the ground beside her.
“I think so.” But when she tried to sit up, pain seared through her left shoulder, and down her arm. “Oh, man.”
“Did he hurt you?” Lydia helped Kira sit before pulling up the back of her shirt to see what caused so much pain. “There’s a huge red spot on your shoulder blade. What did you hit?” 
Kira carefully turned to see the jagged edge of a rock sticking out of the ground. 
“That jerk,” Lydia said. “He had no right doing that to you.” She stood and grabbed hold of her ruby.
“Lydia, don’t. He didn’t mean it. I shouldn’t have provoked him like that. Give him a minute to cool off. I don’t want him mad at you, too.”
Lydia hesitated for a few seconds. “He needs to see what he did to you. His temper sucks.”
“It wasn’t his temper. He gave me what I asked for. I just didn’t realize . . .” Kira hesitated for a moment, not sure she should say how much it really scared her to see him like that. “I tripped. It wasn’t his fault.”
“He still should have known better.” Lydia helped Kira to her shelter and propped a pillow up against the side so she could lean her uninjured shoulder against it. “Is that better?”
“Yeah.” Kira held her left arm firmly against her stomach. Even moving it a little caused her to cringe from the throbbing pain that increased with each breath she took. She had a big problem. Her shoulder blade was broken and healing it was going to be impossible. She’d have to touch the injury to heal it and there was no way she’d be able to twist her body so that her hand could reach that spot on her back. 
Lydia brought the stew pot closer and sat it next to Kira. “You wait here. I’ll be right back.” 
While she was gone, Kira examined the place where Octavion had pushed her back to the ground with his finger. There was a small scratch, but it wasn’t bleeding. She wondered if his reaction and sudden disappearance was because it had stirred his senses. Even without the presence of blood, it had somehow set him off. Her stomach churned, creeping up into her throat. She swallowed hard and tried to think of something else.
When Lydia returned with a couple of spoons, they settled in around the pot and began to eat. It was all Kira could do to hide the pain from her friend. It felt as though someone twisted a blade into her back. The longer she sat there, the worse it got.
After seeing him completely transformed, she understood why Octavion didn’t want her to see him like that. As much as she’d tried to hide her fear, she was sure he saw it in her eyes. Why else would she have turned away from him? Why else would he have left so suddenly? The shame she saw in his eyes nearly broke her heart. 
Desperate to get her mind off Octavion and the pain that was now spreading across her back, Kira asked, “So why do you like to eat like this, when he doesn’t?” Lydia spooned a small bite into her mouth, then waited until she swallowed to answer. “My spirit comes from the commoner blood in my mother, so I tolerate these foods better. Plus I’ve grown accustomed to the way you eat. Altaria wouldn’t touch this stuff.”
“So, does she crave raw meat like Octavion?” 
Lydia paused with her next spoonful a few inches from her mouth. “It’s different for her. Octavion is a hybrid and craves all the time. When the moon is new, he has no control. Altaria can tolerate much more. She hunts during a new moon to satisfy those cravings and help her resistance. It makes it easier for me to live in the city.”
“Does she . . . transform?” Kira tried to imagine Lydia changing into a smaller feminine version of her brother and it didn’t fit. Even thinking about Altaria like that, with her haughty attitude, felt strange.
Lydia nodded. “I’m sorry if that bothers you. All this must be difficult to accept.”
Kira smiled. “I have to admit it’s hard to imagine, but it doesn’t bother me. I need to remember to be careful with sharp objects. I wouldn’t want my best friend eating me.”
At first, Lydia’s eyes widened, obviously surprised Kira had actually said something like that, but when Kira started laughing, Lydia joined in.
They spent the next few minutes filling their stomachs. Kira finally conceded and tossed her spoon in the pot to stay. She rubbed her stomach. “It hurts.” 
“Your shoulder?” Lydia asked.
“My stomach. I think I just gained ten pounds.”





Chapter Thirty Six

Octavion appeared near the creek just long enough to get his bearings. An instant later he’d traveled deep within the forest where he could have his release without the girls hearing him. How could he have lost control like that? He’d intended to show Kira what she needed to fear and perhaps stop her inquiries, but his wild display quickly turned into a complete transformation when he caught her scent. It didn’t help that he’d accidentally scratched her skin, sending his desires into overdrive. When she opened her eyes and he saw the fear in them—the fear in her soul—it set him back. What kind of a man was he?
He spun around and slammed his fist into a nearby tree, no longer fighting the beast that raged in his heart. Within seconds he’d made a kill, the final pulse of the creature’s jugular throbbed against Octavion’s lips. The warm flesh was ripped loose from the bone by his razor sharp teeth and strong jaws. There was no mistaking it—tonight he was a wild animal and he had no intention of holding back, even though his ravenous behavior was exactly what he feared Kira would see.
When he’d had his fill, he went to the falls to clean up. The cool water rushed over the raw abrasions on his knuckles, and calmed him enough to bring his physical transformation back to where it was barely noticeable. Only a slight burning remained across his shoulders. It didn’t help that Lydia’s thoughts pierced his mind, reminding him of what he’d done—like he’d ever be able to forget. He could only hope that Kira would find it in her heart to forgive him.





Chapter Thirty Seven

After their dinner settled, Lydia and Kira took a seat near the fire to stay warm. With every breath the muscles in Kira’s back tensed, sending ripples of pain through her shoulder. She cradled her arm close to her body to keep it from moving. 
“Are you okay?” Lydia asked.
“Yeah,” Kira lied, using the hem of her shirt to wipe the sweat from her brow. 
As they sat in silence, Kira thought she heard something move in the forest. A few seconds later, Octavion appeared through the trees—his expression weary and regretful. He stepped toward the fire, but stopped a few feet away before locking his eyes on Kira’s. “Will you ever be able to forgive me?”
Kira didn’t know what to say. She knew he felt bad about what he’d done, but as much as she wanted to forgive him, she wasn’t ready to talk about it and certainly wasn’t willing to accept his apology. She looked away and tried to stand, moaning when the movement caused more pain in her shoulder. 
“Are you hurt?” Octavion tried to reach for her, but she leaned away from him.
“Don’t,” she said. 
He pulled back his hand and stepped away. 
Lydia, on the other hand, released the rage she’d been saving. “Did you see what you did to her?”
“Lydia, don’t,” Kira begged. “I’m fine.”
“No you’re not. He needs to see what he did.” Lydia walked over and pulled up the back of Kira’s shirt, then gasped. “Oh, Kira.” She knelt to get a better look. “It’s so swollen.”
“It’s not that bad.” Kira didn’t want either one of them to know how much it really hurt. She also didn’t want them to know it was broken. “Is it bruised?” 
Lydia didn’t answer.
Octavion stared into the fire, making no attempt to see his handiwork. Lydia took a swing at his chest, then continued her assault by punching him in the arm and stomach. He stood there with a blank expression on his face, letting her have her tantrum. When she finally stopped, he looked at her. 
“Leave us.” His deep gravelly voice vibrated through his chest. 
She slapped him again on the arm. “You don’t deserve her.” She kicked at one of the rocks by the fire and strutted toward the cave. 
Octavion slowly turned his attention to Kira by stepping closer and kneeling at her side. “Kira.”
She couldn’t look at him. She didn’t realize until that moment how upset she was. The fierceness of his attack flashed through her mind. When he leaned in and said her name again, she felt his breath on the side of her face and cowered. It was impulse, nothing more, but when he backed away, she knew her reaction had hurt him.
“Now you know what I feared most,” he whispered.
When he didn’t say anything else she turned to find his eyes. Sorrow soaked into the depths of them as they filled with tears. She swallowed hard to keep her own emotions from spilling over. “You didn’t have to attack me to prove that. I wanted you to know I was okay with it. That you could be yourself around me—regardless of the form you take.” 
They sat in silence for several moments. She numbly stared into the fire as he watched her, neither one able to break the tension between them. When a tear finally escaped and ran down Kira’s cheek, he gently wiped it away. 
“May I see your back?” he finally asked.
She nodded, but kept her attention on the fire.
He moved around behind her and pulled up her shirt. The simple brush of the fabric against her skin made her wince. He let the fabric softly fall and returned to his place by the fire. “Kira, what I did—” He paused for a long moment before hesitantly taking her hand. “Will you please look at me?”
Kira slowly turned to face him. 
“What I did was wrong. I am sorry.”
The hurt in his eyes crushed her heart. A lump formed in her throat. “I love you. Don’t you get that? With all I know, with all I’ve seen . . . I still love you. Why can’t you accept it?” 
He took in a deep breath and held it for a moment before letting it out. “I’ve never had to worry about seeing myself through someone else’s eyes. I’ve never had to explain what I am or how I came to be. It made me realize how different our worlds are and how revolting the very idea of what I am can be to someone—to you. I cannot comprehend the fact that you accept me—especially when you see what I am capable of.” 
“And you thought what you did tonight would—do what, scare me off? 
“You made me angry. I thought if you really wanted to see me, then I would show you. I did not mean for you to fall.” He cupped her face in his hand. “Please, forgive me. I would rather take my own life than see you hurt.”
Kira thought for a moment. “Are you finished testing me? Will you believe me when I say I love you and want to share my life with you? Even the bad parts?”
He nodded. “Yes.”
“Will you do me a favor?”
“Anything,” he said.
“Go make up with your sister.”
He growled. “Can I give her time to cool off?”
“No.”
His shoulders sagged as if he was about to be scolded by his mother. “I will speak with her, but only if you are truthful with me about your shoulder. Is it broken?”
Kira hesitated, not sure if she wanted him to know the truth. “Yes.”
Octavion swore. “Why is it not healed? Do you fear the pain? I could call for Toran and—”
“No, that’s not it. I don’t think I can do it. It’s on my back and I have to touch an injury to fix it.”
He pulled up her shirt and examined her shoulder again. “I have an idea. I will be right back.” He let her shirt fall and vanished so quickly the mist from his wake swirled around her and made her hair drift across her face. 
Only a brief moment passed before an eerie feeling surrounded Kira and he appeared again, only this time Altaria was with him. He knelt next to Kira. “I want to try something.”
Kira nodded. “Okay.”
“Are you sure you want to do this?” he asked, turning toward Altaria.
“Yes.” She settled to the ground near Kira and took her right hand.
“What are you doing?” Kira asked.
“Let her help you,” Octavion said. 
“Okay, but how?” Kira said, giving her hand to Altaria. 
Placing Kira’s right hand on the spot below her left shoulder, Altaria covered it with her left hand. “Since we share such a strong connection, I want to see if you can channel your healing powers through me. I will have to apply pressure to your back, though, and it will be quite painful.”
“Okay, but—” Kira searched for something to hold on to. She looked at Octavion. “Will you hold my other hand?”
He smiled. “I have a better idea.” He circled around behind her and carefully drew her in between his thighs, pulling her good shoulder tight against his chest. He wrapped his arms around her waist and took her other hand. “You ready?”
Kira nodded.
“Take a deep breath.” Altaria placed her right hand on Kira’s shoulder blade and gently pushed her two hands together, pressing Kira’s hand and body between them. 
Kira screamed from the pain and dug her nails into Octavion’s hand to keep herself from shoving Altaria away. 
“Focus, Kira,” she said. 
Kira closed her eyes and tried to visualize it healed, but soon realized something was different. The pain she felt was only from the pressure of Altaria’s hands, not from the healing process. She thought she was doing something wrong.
Altaria moaned deeply, her trembling hands pressing even harder against Kira’s injury. A few more seconds passed and Kira could feel the bone was mended. Altaria stumbled back and landed in the dirt. She looked at Kira and smiled. “It worked.” Kira couldn’t remember her ever smiling before and it looked good on her. 
Her expression quickly turned to a scowl when she turned to look at Octavion. “You ever hurt her again—I’ll rip your eyes out.”
There was no part of Lydia in that threat. It was one hundred percent Altaria and it surprised Kira. Since when did Altaria care what happened to her?
Octavion didn’t comment.
Kira twisted her body around so she sat sideways, facing Altaria. “Thank you. You didn’t have to do that, you know.”
“I wasn’t sure . . . if it would work.” Altaria rubbed her forehead as if in pain. 
“Altaria, are you okay?” Kira reached out for her. 
Octavion stiffened. “What is it?”
Before she had a chance to answer, Lydia was in control of their body—fear clearly expressed on her face.
“Lydia, what’s going on?” Kira asked, as Octavion released her. She leaned forward to get a closer look at her friend. 
Lydia raised her hand. “I’m fine. It was so . . . so strange. It was almost like . . . I was alone.” 
“What do you mean?” Octavion asked.
Lydia shook her head. “I don’t know how to explain it. It was as if my kindred spirit was outside our body—like we weren’t connected. It was only for an instant, but it . . . it scared me.”
“You’re okay now though, right?” Kira asked.
“I’m fine, but . . . I don’t think I want to do that again.” She slowly stood and brushed off her pants. “I think I’ll turn in for the night. I’m really tired now.” 
Kira watched as Lydia walked over to her shelter and curled up under the blankets. “Do you think she’s okay?” she whispered.
“She will be fine,” Octavion said as he stood. “Perhaps we should call it a night as well. We need to get up with the sun.”
“For what?”
“I’m taking you home, remember?”





Chapter Thirty Eight

“Where is he?” Kira woke up before the sun crested the mountain and had been ready for over an hour. Octavion, however, was still in his lair. She’d spent the better part of that hour trying to figure out how she’d get into her room and snag the picture without him noticing. Aside from asking him to wait in the other room, she hadn’t come up with anything. Regardless, she was sure he’d see through her tactics and insist on knowing what she was up to.
Lydia lay in her shelter with Toran snuggled next to her. “I have no idea. Honestly, I can’t believe he didn’t wake you hours ago.”
Kira was making a mental list of the things she could grab quickly when Octavion came into view. 
“Oh . . . my,” Kira managed as her heart skipped a beat. 
Lydia pulled back the covers and pushed Toran out of the way. “What is it?” Lydia asked, stretching as far as she could to see around the shelter.
Kira couldn’t have been more pleased. In addition to Octavion’s well cut, nicely worn blue jeans, he wore a black t-shirt that fit snug against his muscles, a brown pair of work boots and a leather belt with a silver buckle inlayed with turquoise. And he looked good.
“Not a word,” he said. 
Lydia snickered and earned his glare. 
Toran growled, baring his teeth.
“You won’t hear me complaining.” Kira shot Lydia a smile and a wink. 
The corner of his mouth twitched into a brief smirk before he turned serious. “Lydia, Toran will stay with you. No heroics. If you even smell trouble, you call me.” He crouched down and gave the tiger a rub. “Take care of her boy.”
He stood, reached into his pocket and retrieved a small metal vial. He handed it to Kira. “You’ll need to carry this with you. I have one as well.”
“Okay,” Kira said, slipping it into her pocket. “What’s it for?”
Lydia spoke before he answered. “It’s to help him recover from the leap. Traveling zaps all his strength.”
“But I’ve seen you do it before and you never seemed affected,” Kira told him.
“I don’t have a problem when I am alone or taking you a short distance,” Octavion said. “But when I have to take someone this far, it can be more difficult—and frustrating. I hold no such limitations in my world.”
Kira remembered the last time he was at her house and how he carried both Altaria and her at the same time. He didn’t seem worn out, but she’d been in so much pain, maybe she didn’t remember. “How did you bring both of us here after Bastian attacked me?”
“I drew on Altaria’s strength and her gift of travel—it made it easier. If she would have been the one injured, there is no way I could have carried you both.” He opened his arms and motioned for her to come to him. “You ready?”
Kira’s need for her personal items and clothes suddenly seemed trivial. Doubt crept into her mind. The photo. Was it really that important? “Are you sure we can do this? What if you lose your strength and something happens? What if Shandira and her men are there and you can’t fight?” 
“Taking you will only weaken me slightly—it will not render me unconscious. I can drink this as soon as we get there. It works quickly.” 
Lydia chuckled. “Don’t let him drop you.”
“Not funny.” Kira went to Octavion and turned her back to his chest. When he wrapped his arms around her and pulled her close, she closed her eyes.
“This one will be a little different,” he said. “You need to take in a deep breath and make sure you keep your eyes closed tight. Understand?”
Kira swallowed hard. Why am I so nervous? She grabbed his arms and held on. “Yeah, I’m ready.”
Kira, seriously. This might hurt. Don’t let go, okay? 
What? Kira opened her eyes and shot Lydia a panicked look. 
“Kira, breathe in, NOW!” Octavion’s body went rigid as Kira took in a deep breath and closed her eyes as tight as she could. 
At first, the ground shook, but after a bright flash of light, the air became thick. She let out her first breath and tried to take another, but it felt like she’d walked into a room filled with smoke. Every time she tried to breathe in, the air hit her lungs and burned. When it stopped, they stood in her backyard. Kira gasped, sucking in a breath of fresh air.
Octavion released her and fell to his knees. He tipped his head back and closed his eyes. When he opened them they were yellow, the pupils wide. Kira fumbled in her pocket to retrieve the vial and twisted off the cap. He drained the liquid and slumped forward, lowering his head. His breathing slowed and returned to its normal rhythm. 
“Are you okay?” If she had known the toll it would take on him to bring her here, she never would have allowed it. All she could think about was how they would get back.
“Yes,” he managed. “I have not done that for a while—at least not this far.” He looked up and smiled. “I need more practice.”
“I hope you know—I’m walking back.” She stuck the empty vial in her pocket and offered her hand to help him up. 
He took in a cleansing breath, took her hand and stood on his own strength. “Did I hurt you?”
“No.”
“Good. We need to be quick about this and get back.” He took her hand again and headed for the back door. When they started up the wooden steps, Octavion stopped suddenly. Kira looked past him to see why he’d stopped and found the door ajar. 
“I thought you fixed it,” she whispered. 
He grabbed her arm and pulled her in behind him. “I did. Stay close.”
Kira’s pulse increased, a rapid thump she was sure Octavion could hear. “Maybe we shouldn’t go in.”
He held up his hand, silencing her. Slowly opening the door, Octavion stepped inside with Kira at his heels. The place was a shambles. The contents of her refrigerator littered the kitchen floor. Cupboard doors sagged from their hinges and the few dishes her mother had left behind lay shattered in every direction. 
She took the few steps to the living room. Someone had taken a knife to the sofa cushions and stuffing was strewn across the carpet. Even her laptop joined the pile of debris, a busted chair leg driven through the center of the screen. 
“Why would they do this?” Kira pushed Octavion aside and bent to pick up her computer, but then she remembered. The picture! “Crap!” She jumped to her feet and scrambled to her room, trying to keep her balance as she stumbled through the rubble. The contents of her keepsake box were scattered across the bedroom floor. Panic set in as she searched through the mess. “It’s not here.”
Octavion crouched beside her. “What are you looking for?” He took her arm and pulled her up. “What isn’t here?”
“Oh, Octavion. I should have told you. It was the real reason I wanted to come back here. A picture. The one Lydia took in the canyon of us on the horse, remember?”
“You kept it? You told me you destroyed all those pictures.” 
“I’m sorry. I didn’t think it would hurt, but—”
The sudden change in his body language cut her off. His head jerked to one side as the muscles in his back stiffened. He drew a short breath in through his nose. “We must go.” He grabbed her hand and pulled her through the house toward the kitchen. He went so fast she had a hard time negotiating the debris on the floor. She stumbled twice, almost losing her footing.
“Slow down. I can’t keep up.”
He stopped, picked her up and threw her over his shoulder. “They are here—we must hurry.” When he reached the yard, he planted her feet firmly on the ground and turned her to face him. 
“How can you tell?” she asked.
“I can smell them.” He grabbed both her hands and took them behind his back. “Hold on as tight as you can, Kira. Do not let go, no matter what.”
“But you can’t do this so soon.”
“I have no choice. You have to hold me, I will not have the strength to hold you. Do you understand?”
Out of the corner of her eye she caught movement. She turned to see three men coming around the side of the house. One she recognized as Bastian.
Bastian yelled something she didn’t understand, sending his cohorts running faster toward them.
“Kira. Now!” She clamped her eyes shut as he grabbed her and pulled her against his chest, squeezing the air out of her lungs. “Hold on.” 
The air grew thick and once again a bright light flashed, so intense that closing her eyelids barely made a difference. A deafening roar mixed with Octavion’s pained cry and the ground shook. Kira felt as if she were tied to the front of a runaway freight train. She sucked in what little air she could and tried to scream, but nothing came out. The leap lasted much longer than before and when he released her, she fell to the ground in a heap. Her eyelids felt like they’d been fused shut. It took some effort to open them.
Octavion lay on the ground a few feet away. He wasn’t moving.





Chapter Thirty Nine

“Octavion!” Kira grabbed him by the arm and shook, trying to wake him, but he didn’t respond. Lydia. Octavion’s hurt. I need your help! 
Where are you? Altaria asked.
In the clearing. Hurry.
Kira. Give him the medicine. I’m almost there.
Octavion lay on his side, so she rolled him to his back and slid her hand into his pocket to pull out the vial. The violent leap had sapped her own strength and her fingers barely gripped the container. With trembling hands, she managed to twist off the lid and place the opening to his lips. At first he coughed, choking down the first few drops, before swallowing the rest. 
Altaria broke through the trees at a run, Toran at her side roaring like thunder. 
“It’s all right, boy—he’ll be fine,” Altaria reassured him. “Kira, are you hurt?” 
“No.” 
Octavion moaned.
Altaria rested her hand on his chest, while Kira sat back in the dirt and waited. “Is he okay?” Kira asked. 
“Yes, give him a moment.”
But several minutes passed before he came around. “Kira,” he said, taking Altaria by the arm. “Where is she?”
Altaria motioned toward Kira. “She’s fine.” 
He rolled to his side and tried to push up on his elbow. 
Kira lurched toward him, pushing him back. “Don’t get up.” Kira told him.
“I thought you knew not to come back so soon,” Altaria chided.
“I didn’t have a choice.” He clamped his hand over Altaria’s shoulder. “Help me up.” Once again, he rolled to his side, this time toward his sister. He used Altaria for support and pulled himself to his feet. “We are in trouble.”
“What happened?”
Kira stood on shaky legs and leaned against a nearby tree. “It’s my fault. The picture Lydia took. I was stupid to keep it.” 
“They came while we were there,” Octavion added. “They almost caught us.” 
He looked at Kira. “What exactly did the picture show? Could you see the canyon?”
Kira tried to remember the scene. She’d cropped most of the background out, but she was sure the canyon was partially visible. “Part of it—but only the rocks—I cut off the rest.”
“Good. It may take her some time to find us.” He grabbed his head and groaned, rubbing his temple. “She is vicious and raging mad.”
“You can hear Shandira?” Kira asked. “I thought you were blocking her thoughts.”
“Normally I can, but I am weak and my defenses are low.” He furrowed his brow, made a horrible rumbling noise, and then rubbed his forehead again.
Altaria clenched her jaw and let out a deep sigh. “Enough! It’s time I showed my sister some manners.” She grabbed Kira’s hand and pulled her close enough to take Octavion’s arm around her neck. “Help him to his lair. I have something to do.”
“Do not do anything foolish,” he called after her, but she’d already gone. 
“Are you okay?” Kira asked him.
“Yes.” He pulled away from her and straightened. “Did I hurt you? I don’t remember landing.” 
“I’m fine. But, Bastian—he’s coming, isn’t he?”
“I believe so, yes.” His forehead wrinkled and Kira didn’t have to guess why—Shandira was taunting him again.
“We need to see what Altaria is up to,” he said.
Kira took his hand and found her way through the trees to his lair. Altaria was rummaging through an old trunk in the back of the cave. 
“Finally,” she said, as she stood, turning to face them. “This will really make her angry.”
When she came closer, Kira noticed a small pouch in her hand. It was made of a fine tapestry with shiny silken threads and a gold drawstring cinched the top. Altaria pulled it open enough to retrieve its contents—on the end of a silver chain dangled a heart-shaped pendant. Its several shades of brown sparkled when she moved it in the candlelight as though tiny ribbons of light bounced across the surface. 
“It’s beautiful.” Kira stepped closer to get a better look. “What kind of stone is this?”
“Tiger’s Eye,” Octavion said as he snatched it out of her hand. “I will not allow this, Altaria. It is too dangerous.”
“It is time, brother. We have endured enough.”
“Time for what?” Kira asked. “What does it do?”
“It was Estaria’s,” Octavion said. “She was a commoner, and when father called her to be our caregiver, she had no way of communicating with Shandira and me when we were away from her. My father had it fastened as both an engagement present and a communication device.” Octavion opened his hand and rubbed his finger across the polished surface of the stone. “It helped keep us out of trouble.” He looked at his sister and grinned. “Most of the time.” 
Altaria took off her ruby necklace and showed it to Kira. “It is like my ruby, only much more powerful.” 
“So why will this make Shandira angry?”
Altaria smiled again. “We have been blocking her thoughts for a long time. I want to wear this and, how do you say it? Blow her socks off.”
“Yep, that’s it,” Kira said. “Kinda like turning up the volume on a stereo.”
“Yes,” Altaria said. 
Both women looked at Octavion with determination. For the first time, Altaria and Kira were allies. Kira had to admit, it felt pretty good.
“No,” he said, puffing out his chest as if preparing for battle.
“Why not?” Kira asked. “It sounds to me like Shandira deserves a taste of her own medicine. I think it’s worth a try.”
“It works both ways,” he said. “If she can hear Altaria’s thoughts, Shandira will be able to sense where we are. Her communication skills are much stronger than ours. It is her gift and it is too dangerous for us to meddle in something she has perfected.” He closed his fist again and held out his other hand. “Give me the pouch.”
“I will not.” Altaria stood firm. 
Good for her, Kira thought. She was beginning to like Altaria’s strong will and feistiness.
Octavion growled. “Altaria!” 
“Do you think I am foolish enough to lead them straight to us? I will go away from this place. Lead her in the wrong direction.”
“And how will you travel?” He folded his arms. But when she didn’t answer, he dropped his hands and clenched his fists at his sides. “No. I forbid it.”
“I can do it,” Altaria said.
“No, you cannot!”
“Yes, I can. I’m just not as good as you are.” She turned her attention to Kira. “The royal prince is of pure blood and seems to think he is better than his half-breed sister.” There was Lydia’s sarcasm shining through.
“Ha! I land true,” Octavion said. “You are the one who has to be rescued. It is too dangerous.”
“I have two spirits. One does not always think as the other and it gets confusing, but I can do it.”
Octavion paused for a long moment, then let out a huff of air. “If I allow this, I must come with you. With my help, it might work.”
Altaria shook her head. “No, you cannot travel so soon.”
“She’s right,” Kira added. “What good will you be to her if you’re unconscious?”
“I can draw from her strength, remember?” He looked at Altaria for a moment and turned back to Kira. “This means you will be alone. If I leave Toran with you, will you feel safe?” 
“I’ll be fine.” Kira’s voice sounded more confident than she felt. The thought of Bastian and his buddies paying her a visit didn’t make her feel all that great about being left alone.
Octavion opened his hand and took the necklace by the chain while Altaria lifted her long blond hair out of the way, letting him fastened it behind her neck. She placed her fingers over the heart-shaped pendant. 
Altaria held out her hand and opened it. Inside was her ruby. “Kira, would you hold this?” 
“Are you sure?”
“Yes. I know you will keep it safe,” she said. 
Kira took it from her and placed it in her pocket. 
“I need to change,” Octavion said. “Do you mind?” He motioned to the opening in the cave.
“Um . . . oh, of course,” Kira stuttered.
Before leaving, Altaria went back to her trunk and reached behind it, pulling out her weapons. As she led Kira out of the cave she began strapping them on.
“Do you expect danger?” Kira asked.
“We must expect it from here on out, Kira. It would suit you to do the same. Keep your weapons close and your mind clear. Be prepared for anything.”
Kira’s heart rose into her throat. She’d known they were in danger, but Altaria’s words made the threat more real. “I will.”
“You will have the advantage of Toran. He will alert you if anyone comes near. Keep him close, as well.” She finished strapping on her last two pieces of leather—cuffs that ran from her wrists, half way to her elbow. 
“Why do you wear those?” Kira asked.
“They protect my forearms when defending myself.” She stood back and adjusted everything. “There’s another set of forearm guards in my trunk. They will protect your arm from the bow string. You will need to have your healing mixtures with you. And don’t forget to refill your vial. Do you remember which mixture to use?”
Kira nodded.
When Octavion appeared through the trees, his attire wasn’t the only thing that was different. His demeanor had darkened, as if he had psyched himself up for the task ahead—a man to be reckoned with. He wore a pair of black leather pants with a thick black belt. Like his sister, he wore leather cuffs on his forearms, only his were black. He also wasn’t wearing his vest; he’d strapped his sword on his back—the straps intersecting across his bare, bronzed chest. 
“Breathe, Kira,” Octavion said as he stepped closer. He lifted her chin with the slightest touch of his finger, then leaned in and pressed his lips to hers—a passionate kiss, with so much heat it stirred something deep in her gut and made her crave more. But he didn’t give it. Instead he trailed his fingers down the length of her arm until he found her hand, then raised it to his mouth, tenderly kissing her knuckles. “Be safe and stay close to the cave. We will not be long.”
“You better be careful,” Kira said, holding back tears. Then she looked at Altaria. “That goes for both of you.”
Altaria nodded. “We will.”
Octavion opened his arms toward Altaria. “How do you want to do this, sister?” 
“Just like when we were children.” She walked around to his back. As he bent his knees to lower himself, she wrapped her arms around his neck, lacing her fingers together in front. “Where are we going?”
“Someplace without water, cliffs or trees,” he teased.
“Ah, the desert.” 
With that, they closed their eyes and were gone. Kira expected to see the blinding light or feel the rumbling and shaking she’d experience when she’d leapt, but she only felt the familiar eeriness for an instant before they completely disappeared, leaving a puff of mist and her alone in the silence. The hair on Kira’s arms pricked at her skin. She hugged herself, scanned the clearing and went back to the cave where Toran was waiting near the entrance.





Chapter Forty

The first thing Kira did was strap on her dagger, the leather cuffs she found in the trunk and her healing pouch. She sat her bow and quiver of arrows near the shelves so she could grab them quickly, then took time to fill two vials for Octavion. It wouldn’t hurt to have a spare. 
When she’d finished, she decided to go exploring. The heavy wool blanket that hung on the wall of the cave piqued her curiosity. She took one of the candles Octavion had lit earlier, poured some wax onto a small metal plate and pressed the base of the candle into it to hold it in place. 
She glanced behind her to make sure Toran still guarded the door, pulled back the wool blanket and stepped inside. The opening was wide, but low. She had to hunch over to walk down a narrow rock corridor before it opened up into a small room. Much smaller than the outer cave, the walls were rough and jagged instead of smooth. As she stepped further into the space, the flame of the candle brought the primitive furnishings into view. To the right, a rustic cot rested against the wall. The frame, crafted of hand hewn logs and sections of rope weaved from one side to the other, supported the mattress of hides and blankets. 
At the back were more shelves—filled mostly with books, their yellowed pages in much better condition than the ones in the other room. Between the stacks were small wooden bowls and containers as well as a ceramic cup filled with metal instruments—most with sharp edges or wicked-looking blades. To the left was a small desk, also made of logs, topped with a slab of wood that had been polished smooth. Kira ventured a little closer, pulled out a small stool from underneath the desk and sat. It felt strange invading his privacy, but there was another part of her that felt comfortable and at ease among his things. 
Kira spun around on the bench to set the metal plate on the desk. As she did, her elbow knocked a pile of papers onto the dirt floor. She sighed, slid onto her knees and gathered them into a neat stack, returning them to the desk—all except one. A black leather bound book had been among them and now lay open, a delicate ink sketch of a young girl’s face staring back at her. Picking it up, Kira returned to the bench and laid the book to rest on her lap. The sketch was of her. 
She slowly turned the page to find yet another sketch, this one of Toran. The words written beneath it were a combination of letters and symbols. She flipped to another page, and another, until one in particular caught her eye—a detailed sketch of Kira sleeping in the shelter. She ran her finger over the foreign words written beneath it. Sleep well, my love. The meaning seeped into her mind as if someone had whispered it into her ear. How do I know that? She tried to decipher the other words on the page in the same manner, but nothing came. 
Kira closed the book, slid it under the pile of papers and picked up the metal plate. The candle had burned within an inch of going out, so she thought she’d better get back to the main cave. She stood and took a few steps toward the opening, but hesitated when the lid from a large wooden crate caught her eye. She’d thought it was simply leaning against the wall near the bookcase, but now that she saw it from a different angle, she realized it hung from hinges and large metal bolts drilled into the cave wall. She looked down at the sliver of candle that remained and almost dismissed her curiosity, but then decided to give in.
As she neared the door, she noticed sections of animal fur skirting the edges, especially near the bottom. She reached for the makeshift handle and untwisted the piece of rope that wound around it, letting the door fall open a couple inches. A burst of cold air escaped, chilling the room. Kira pulled back the door and held the candle out in front of her. The opening seemed much like the one leading into the small room, she had to duck her head to get through. Once inside, she blinked hard to be sure of what she saw. 
For one thing, the little glow of light coming from the candle was lost in the expanse. She could only see darkness beyond ten or fifteen feet. And then there was the ice. High above her head she could just make out the tips of frozen stalactites. Water dripped down their lengths and trickled down the side of the walls. She lowered the candle to the ground to also find ice beneath her feet. 
She took two small steps into the cave, noticing a small stack of wooden crates off to one side. Her feet slid carefully along the path as she neared them. She pulled open the one closest to her to find it filled with fruit. Now she knew his magic. He had his own little cooling system tucked inside his lair.
After grabbing an apple off the top, Kira replaced the lid and turned to exit the cave. Her sudden movement not only caused a breeze to extinguish the flame, but her feet to slip out from underneath her. She landed on her butt, sending her apple flying into the abyss. It bounced once before finding silence. Kira listened for it to hit again. Several seconds passed before she heard a distant splash. 
Now in complete darkness, she’d lost her bearings. She felt the icy floor around her until she found a loose piece of ice. She tossed it at her feet—but there was no sound. She waited again, only to be horrified at the tiny echo coming back as it hit its mark in the depths of what she could only imagine to be a deep cavern. 
Slowly, she leaned forward, brushing the ground with her fingertips until she found the edge—under her ankles. Panic set in as she imagined herself careening over the rim. She scooted back to find one of the wooden crates, rolled over onto her knees and crawled her way along the corridor that led to the other room. She was never more grateful than when she felt the warmth coming from the other side of the makeshift door. Still feeling her way, she stood, wound the rope around the handle and stumbled her way back out into the main cave.
Kira’s eyes took a moment to adjust to the light as she scanned her surroundings. Toran was gone.
“Toran,” she whispered, careful not to alert whatever may have pulled him away from his post. A muffled snarl came from behind her, making her jump and her heart race. She turned to find her guardian pushing the curtain aside with his massive head and body. He stretched his back, wandered back to his position in front of the opening and collapsed onto the ground. 
Kira smiled. “You brat. You scared the crap out of me.” 
She’d had enough exploring for one day and needed some fresh air. Even though Octavion warned her to stay close to the cave, she didn’t see any reason why she couldn’t go into the clearing for some warm sunlight. Besides, she was thirsty.
“Come on, Toran,” she urged. He lazily stood, as if annoyed at her request. She gave him a little rub behind the ears. He purred as he nudged her hip, almost knocking her over. “Careful, buddy.”
Kira grabbed her bow and quiver and followed him out into the clearing. It was too warm for a fire, but she spent a few minutes gathering kindling and larger branches to prepare the pit for the night. Toran watched from a distance while going through his familiar grooming routine.
She’d started removing the blankets in her shelter to shake them out, when Toran stood. He let out a low rumbling growl, exposing his teeth. Kira followed his line of sight, but saw nothing.
“What is it boy?” She grabbed her quiver and strapped it to her back, checking her dagger to make sure it was in place. The sudden burning of the Crystor sent visions of Altaria being wounded racing through her mind. She couldn’t sense where her wounds were or how badly she’d been injured, but the fear that raged through her melded with Kira’s emotions of anxiety and confusion. Altaria was in trouble. Altaria? What’s wrong? Where are you? 
Kira. I need help. Hurry! 
Kira instantly knew where to find her. It was as if a rope was tethered between them, drawing her in a straight line to Altaria’s location. She wasn’t far.
I’m on my way. Are you okay?
No, bring your healing pack. Kira, hurry. Octavion’s hurt. 
Terror rushed through her veins. As Kira and Toran ran through the trees, Kira felt Altaria’s panic and for the first time since she received the Crystor, her increased senses detected the metallic odor of blood. She could almost taste it on her tongue, it was so strong. A few more seconds of dodging rocks and tree limbs and they finally found Altaria collapsed next to Octavion, who was unconscious. Blood was everywhere.





Chapter Forty One

“What happened?” Kira threw her quiver and bow to the ground and dropped to her knees beside them.
“We were . . . attacked. I didn’t think they would find us that fast,” Altaria said, barely holding herself upright.
Kira laid her hand on Octavion’s chest. His heart thumped wild and erratic—his breathing forced and shallow. Most of his wounds appeared to be superficial, which gave no explanation for all the blood—until Altaria pulled her hand away from the gaping wound in his thigh. Blood pulsed out, spilling onto the ground.
“It hit an artery,” Altaria said. “He’s lost too much blood. You have to do something.” Her voice quivered as she spoke—the usual tough exterior replaced by fear. 
Kira untied the leather strap that held the dagger around her leg and removed it from the sheath. She wrapped it around Octavion’s thigh just above the wound and tied it once. She searched the ground until she found a small stick, placed it over the piece of leather and tied it as tight as she could. She twisted it several times, slowing the blood flow to the wound. 
“This is deep, but I don’t think it hit an artery. He’d be dead by now if it did.” Kira gave the leather strap one more twist and instructed Altaria to hold it. 
“How did you get here?” Kira asked. 
“I had to bring us. I missed the clearing, but . . . at least we were close.” 
Kira pulled one of the metal vials out of her pouch and handed it to Altaria. “Drink this. You need your strength. I may need your help with this one.” Kira looked her up and down with a quick glance. “Are you hurt?”
“I have some small cuts, but I’m all right. See to him first.” 
Octavion began thrashing around, making it more difficult to hold onto the tourniquet. Kira pulled the second vial out of her pouch and opened the lid. She supported his head with her hand and poured the liquid past his lips. He swallowed hard. It only took a few seconds for him to open his eyes. 
“Altaria?” 
“I’m here.” She leaned closer so he could see her face.
He rolled toward her and tried to sit. “Help me up.”
“Whoa. Not so fast.” Kira pushed him onto his back. “You’re hurt pretty bad.”
“Nonsense.” He tried to sit again, but this time the pain in his leg drew his attention to the massive amount of blood soaking the dirt beneath him. “I am a fool. Why did I let you talk me into this?” He lowered himself back to the ground. 
“He’s lost a lot of blood. Do you think the Gyllrue is necessary?” Kira reached into her pouch and pulled out the container.
“It will help, yes,” Altaria said.
“No!” Octavion yelled, trying to grab at her bag. Yellow invaded his eyes as his pupils flickered from black orbs to the thin slits of a cat. 
Kira pushed his hand away. “Stop it! If you need this, you’re having it.”
He settled back to the ground, withdrew his hand and closed his eyes. “Then be quick about it.”
Kira opened the container, releasing the noxious fumes into the air, then let one tiny drop land square on his tongue. He made a face. Pay back, my friend.
Altaria gave her a crooked grin and winked. 
“Okay, let’s do this.” Kira pulled her dagger from its sheath, laying the blade across the palm of her hand. 
Altaria gasped and grabbed Kira’s arm as a deep throaty growl escaped Octavion’s chest. “You can’t do that—look at him. He’s already changing from the pain. If he caught a whiff of your blood he wouldn’t be able to control himself.”
“But it’s the only way. I can’t heal a wound like this without my blood.”
Octavion tried to sit again. This time he scooted himself back and leaned against a tree. “She is right, Kira. It’s too dangerous. Do the best you can without it.”
Kira didn’t like it, but it seemed she had little choice. Placing her hand on his wound, she tried to see it healed, but even with the pressure of the tourniquet the blood flowed too fast. She pulled her hand away and studied their expressions.
Altaria’s eyes pled for Kira to heal her brother, but Octavion avoided her gaze completely. His focus seemed more on trying to control his transformation than on what was happening around him. 
“How long do you think you can control your cravings?” Kira asked. “Can you hold your breath so you don’t smell my blood?”
His eyes were already on fire and his facial features had begun to change. “You are not cutting yourself.”
“How long?” 
“Not long enough. You will not do this, Kira. The moment I smell your blood I will be on you. What you saw yesterday was nothing. I do not have the strength to control it.”
Kira sat back on her heels and considered her options. “Altaria, are you strong enough to hold him down? All I need is a few seconds.”
“I could give you a few, but no more. He is ten times stronger than me, even when he is injured.”
“That is not an option,” Octavion said. “You will die. Do you understand?”
“And if I don’t, you’ll bleed to death. That’ll leave us to fight them alone. Is that what you want?” 
“No, of course not.” 
“Listen, I can do it fast. I won’t try to heal the whole wound, just slow the blood flow. The rest I can do later. If you can control it for a few seconds . . .” Kira was cut off by their silence. Altaria had her ruby grasped tightly in her hand. Octavion’s eyes were locked on his sister’s, his expression pleading her to listen to his thoughts. She’d never seen them do that before.
“Are you sure this is what you want?” Altaria finally asked aloud. “There will be no going back. You will be bound.” 
Octavion nodded. “I am sure.”
When Altaria jumped to her feet and took off through the trees, a surge of adrenaline rushed through Kira’s veins and goose bumps rose on her arms.
“What are you doing?” she asked, but he didn’t answer. He leaned his head back against the tree and stared into the forest. “Octavion!” 
He glanced down at the tourniquet he now held in his hand. “It’s not the smell of your blood I’m worried about. I don’t know what will happen when your blood begins flowing through my veins. It may make it impossible for me to resist.” He slowly changed his focus to Kira’s eyes. “I will not lose you.”
“But you want me to sit here and watch you die?”
Before he answered, Altaria returned. The small wooden box she held reminded Kira of a pirate’s treasure chest, but on a much smaller scale. Her shoulders sagged from the weight as she lowered it to the ground. She threw open the lid and reached inside with both hands, pulling out a mass of chains and shackles. 
“What the hell?” Kira yelled. “You are not putting those on him.” 
“It’s okay,” Octavion said. “Why do you think we have them?” 
Kira’s imagination raced with images of wild animals being restrained with heavy chains that cut into their necks and legs. “What are you saying?” 
Altaria wrapped the chains around the tree. When she brought the first end around and clamped it over Octavion’s wrist, Kira grabbed it and tried to pull it off. 
“No! There has to be another way.” 
Altaria pushed her hand away. “Do you want him healed or not?” She paused with the metal chain draped over her arm.
“Yes.”
“Then help me with these.” 
Kira reluctantly took the tourniquet so Altaria could shackle his other wrist. When Altaria wrapped the chain around his chest, the tears Kira had been holding back began to fill her eyes. She wiped them away before anyone could notice.
“Please, I can do this . . . without the chains.” 
But Altaria continued to bind him. When she’d finished, she returned to her place next to her brother and took hold of the tourniquet. “You will need to be quick. I will try to help, but bringing us here has weakened me and your blood will affect me as well.”
Kira looked at her trembling hands and at the blood that still flowed from Octavion’s wound. How did I get here? Taking a deep breath, Kira willed her nerves to be calm. “Will it help if he feeds?”
A confused look crossed Altaria’s face. “Yes, why?”
“Then go. I can do this myself. If he smells a fresh kill and has it here to feed on, maybe it will be easier—for both of you.”
Altaria glanced at Octavion before answering. “Are you sure, Kira?”
“Yes, now go.” 
When Altaria released the tourniquet, Octavion’s blood gushed out of the wound and spilled onto the ground. 
“Toran, come here, boy,” she called.
“I will be fine. This isn’t his battle,” Octavion protested.
“Yes it is.” 
Toran took his place next to Octavion, lowering his head across his chest. Octavion sucked in a huge breath as the muscles in Toran’s neck and back tightened. 
Kira grabbed Octavion’s dagger and offered him the handle to bite. He took it in his mouth and nodded he was ready. She drew her blade firmly across her palm until she’d made a large gash. The cut instantly bled and her fingertips went numb. She pressed her palm to his wound. 
Octavion threw his head to one side and cried out, releasing the dagger from between his teeth. Octavion arched back and grabbed at the dirt with his fists and claws. He’d completely transformed. 
This time the searing pain from the Crystor coursed through Kira’s body with a vengeance. As the burning ran up her arms and into her chest, it felt as if someone had twisted her heart in his fist. It knocked the breath right out of her. The burning continued down into the rest of her body and up into her head. 
She was so involved in her own pain she hadn’t noticed Octavion. When he let out a deafening roar, she jerked her eyes open and jumped back. He yanked at the chains, his powerful jaws only inches from her face. 
Toran was gone.
Octavion’s leg was healed, but Kira’s torture had just begun. The burning inside her worsened and breathing became almost impossible. The skin on her arms tingled, causing them to itch like mad, but when she tried to scratch, the mere touch of her fingers felt like razor blades cutting into her flesh. Every little sound pounded her ear drums and the slightest breeze burned her face and arms. Even the soft sunlight filtering through the trees bore into her eyes, causing pain. 
Trying to get up, she fell against a tree, her trembling legs not able to support her weight. Every muscle in her body ached. She couldn’t even focus long enough to heal the gash in her palm. She had to get away from Octavion.
“Kira!” Octavion yelled. From what she could see through her blurred vision, he was almost back to normal. But how could that be? 
The forest swayed to one side. “Something’s wrong.” Struggling with every breath, she rubbed her forehead and pressed against the constant throbbing. “I can’t breathe and my head . . . my heart.” She grabbed her chest with her other hand as the pain lashed out with increased force. All she could think about was how Serena had died of a weak heart. Kira wasn’t ready to die. Not like this.
“Kira!” Octavion pulled against the chains with so much force the trunk of the tree shuttered and the roots groaned beneath the earth. “Unlock these!”
“I . . . can’t.” She tried to look at him, but her eyes burned. Not with heat, it felt more like frost bite. “Octavion . . .” 
“Kira! Get me out of these chains!” His voice sounded so strange, like he was in a tunnel.
“I can’t.” She turned away from him and pushed up by bracing against the tree. She needed to go back to the clearing to heal her hand and wash off the blood. When she lost her balance and fell to the ground, Octavion called out again. She heard the chains slamming against the trunk of the tree as he fought to get loose.
“Altaria!” he roared, swearing in his foreign tongue. “Get me out of these chains!” 
Kira pulled herself up again and stumbled back to the clearing, using every tree along her path for support. She didn’t quite make it to her shelter before her legs gave out, her energy completely drained. Everything appeared distorted like she looked through a soap bubble, only she was on the inside. But what threw her the most was what she heard. Rustling leaves sounded more like the roar of a waterfall and every chirp of a bird was like a siren blaring in her ears. 
And above it all, she could still hear Octavion yelling for Altaria, the loud thrashing of chains ripping into solid wood echoed through the trees. A few seconds passed when she felt her senses shut down, leaving her in silence. 
She recognized Octavion when he appeared in front of her and her senses began to return. He fell to his knees in front of her and tried to take her in his arms.
“Don’t touch me,” she begged. “It hurts.”
“Kira, look at me. I need to see your eyes.” His face was right in front of her, but she couldn’t open her eyes wide enough for him to see them. They burned so cold, like freezing fire. 
“Kira, open your eyes.”
“I can’t,” she said. “Something’s wrong. I’m . . . all mixed up. I feel like I’m having an allergic reaction to something. Even my skin hurts.” 
“Kira, it’s important. Please show me your eyes.” His voice seemed deeper and calmer, pleading her to do as he said.
Kira raised her chin. Her eyelids felt swollen and heavy, but she managed to meet his gaze for a few brief seconds. The color washed from his face as he sat back in the dirt and looked away. 
“What? What did you see?” His blurred image cleared enough that she could see anguish on his face. 
“I am such a fool,” he said. 
“What’s wrong? What’s happening to me?” 
He leaned forward to take another look at her eyes. “Kira, I am so sorry. I was so worried about what your blood would do to me, I did not consider . . . what my blood would do to you.” 
“Tell me what you saw? Are they . . . yellow?” 
“No, Kira. Do not think that. It is the color—it is so strange. They are still green, but they look like cut emeralds. They sparkle when the light hits them just right. Can you see all right?” 
“At first, they burned and I couldn’t focus, but now . . .” She looked around the clearing. “I’m beginning to see a little better.”
He let his breath out slowly. 
Kira was so involved with what had happened and his reaction, she’d forgotten about her hand. It was still bleeding. Why wasn’t he reacting to her blood? She brought her hand up to examine the wound. She wasn’t trying to heal it, but when she looked at her open palm, the gaping wound sealed on its own. She looked up to see her shock reflected on his face.
“How did you do that?” He closed his eyes and shook his head. “And why did your blood not trigger my hunger?”
“I don’t know, but I need to wash it off before it does.” Kira’s strength had returned and a dull ache had replaced the pain in her head—and heart. She pushed herself up and tried to make her way over to her shelter, but clumsily stumbled back to the ground. 
“Let me get that.” Octavion retrieved the water jug from its branch and handed it to her. 
She took a big swig, poured a little into her hand to wash away the blood and gave it back to Octavion. “Here,” she said. “You smell like Gyllrue.”
He made a face before emptying the jug. When he wiped his mouth with the back of his hand, she noticed a small cut on his arm above the leather cuff. She’d forgotten about his other injuries. She grabbed the side of the shelter and stood, using it for support.
“Where else are you hurt?”
He shook his head. “It’s nothing. It will heal on its own.”
“Octavion.” 
“You’ve done enough for one day. If it still hurts tomorrow, I will let you heal it.” 
“May I look at it?” 
He unlaced the cuff and slid it over his hand, lifting his arm so she could get a better look. She grabbed his arm and a jolt of pain ran up her arm and struck her heart. She let go and stepped back, trying not to react to the pain. She didn’t want him to see the effect it had on her. 
She half expected him to chastise her, but instead he grabbed his back and rubbed the spot where she’d dug in her nails the night Lydia was hurt. He looked at Kira like she had horns growing out of her head.
“How did you do that?” he asked. He turned so Kira could see his back. The scars had vanished.
She didn’t know what to say. She’d never been able to heal something without touching it. “I don’t know. I just tried to heal your arm.”
He started pacing. “I do not want you to heal for a while. I need to figure this out.” He stopped to look at her. “Did it feel different?”
“Yeah, it didn’t burn. It was more like when you touch someone and get a static shock. It lasted a little longer, but it didn’t really hurt.” It wasn’t a total lie; she just left out the part about her heart.
He nodded. “That is what I felt, but it shot through my arm and down my back as if it searched for the injury.”
“Do you think your blood could have made my healing powers stronger?” 
He looked at her with a grave expression on his face. “Yes, I do.” Then he closed the distance between them and took her hand in his, examining her healed palm. He smiled. “And I also believe your blood may have tamed my wild heart.” 
“You mean my blood doesn’t affect you anymore?”
He was quiet for a moment, as if replaying the last few minutes over in his mind. He briefly examined her hand again and then his blood-soaked pant leg before returning his eyes to hers. “I dare not hope, Kira. But one thing is certain. I did not react to your blood a moment ago and that is a good sign.”





Chapter Forty Two

When Altaria returned from hunting, Octavion went to the creek to feed and wash up, leaving the girls to talk. Kira filled Altaria in on what had happened with Octavion’s blood. An instant later Lydia took over their body. She wanted to see Kira’s eyes for herself.
“Whoa! Can you, like . . . see through things?” Lydia asked.
Kira laughed. “Not hardly. But they feel cold, like when you apply ice to a burn.”
When Kira reached for one of the water jugs an image flashed through her head. It was of a man. He was dressed much like Octavion and stood just beyond the clearing. Kira grabbed Lydia’s arm and pushed her to the ground. 
Stay down. And call Octavion. I think someone’s here. 
Kira crouched beside her and waited. Lydia grabbed her ruby and Octavion appeared near the fire, completely transformed. Kira tried to warn him of the intruder just as the man stepped from behind a tree as a wild beast—a Royal. He crossed the clearing in one giant leap and took Octavion down in a ferocious display of primal aggression.
Something deep inside Kira took over—an instinctive force she’d never felt before. She sprang to her feet, grabbed an arrow and her bow from the top of her shelter, pulled back the string and let the arrow fly. It hit Octavion’s opponent in the shoulder. The next thing Kira knew, she stood over him, her foot pressed firmly to his chest. She had her bow pulled back and another arrow an inch from his jugular. 
“Give me a reason,” she said. Her heart raced and she breathed heavily, but she felt in complete control. 
“Kira, Stop!” Octavion yelled. She heard his voice, but she didn’t move.
Kira don’t shoot him. He’s Octavion’s cousin. 
Kira’s head shot up to find Octavion standing beside her. He forced her bow to the side so it aimed at the ground. She relaxed the tension, but kept the arrow taut against the string. 
“Kira. Let go of the bow. He is my cousin. I asked him to come. We need his help.” Octavion said the words slow, as though she were deaf and had to read his lips. “Kira, can you understand what I’m saying?”
Kira didn’t answer, just looked back at the man lying on the ground. 
His cousin held his shoulder with the shaft of the arrow sticking out between his fingers. “Your wench shot me?” he asked. 
Kira pressed her foot down on his chest making the barbs of the arrowhead cut into his shoulder from behind. He cried out. 
“I’m not a wench,” Kira said before removing her foot and turning to Octavion.
“If he’s your cousin, why were you fighting?”
Octavion tried to touch her arm, but she pulled away. “Kira, I’m sorry. We used to do that as kids. It was a game.” 
“A game?” Kira threw her weapon to the ground, doubled her fist and hit him square on the jaw. “That’s what I think of your stupid game.” She turned on her heels and walked away. 
“You’ve done it now, brother,” Lydia said. “Serves you right for not telling us they were coming.” 
A few seconds later, Kira passed the cave entrance and kept walking. When the glow of the fire no longer helped her see, she stopped, took out her dagger and drove the blade into the trunk of an Aspen. “Aaaahhh!” she screamed.
Kira, I’m sorry. I didn’t know.
Leave me alone, Lydia. What was happening to her? Some of the feelings she’d had after healing Octavion had returned—not the pain, but the increased senses and she felt as though ice flowed through her veins.
Please, you need to come back to the clearing so we can explain.
No! Something moved behind her. She wiggled her dagger loose from the tree and turned to find Octavion standing a few feet away. 
He threw his hands up in surrender. “Drop the knife, Kira.” He took a step closer. “I’m not going to hurt you.” 
She pointed the tip of the blade in his direction. “Get away from me.”
He took another step. “Breathe, Kira. You need to take slow, deep breaths. Try to calm yourself.” 
Even in the dark, she could see into the depths of his indigo eyes. She saw fear in them and it didn’t make sense to her. Why would he be afraid of her? But at this point, she didn’t care. “Leave me alone.”
When he took another step, she lunged forward with her blade. Octavion jumped to the side, grabbing the knife with one hand and her with the other. Part of her wanted to sink into his warm, loving arms and be comforted, but the other part of her wanted to fight back with every ounce of energy she had. For the first time, she had a glimpse of what Lydia’s life must be like with a kindred spirit fighting to get out, always being in conflict with her inner self and not knowing which way to turn.
“Let go of me.” She drove her elbow into his ribs and stomped on his foot, but he only tightened his embrace. 
“Kira, stop. You’re going to hurt yourself.” He dropped the knife, turned her to face him and pulled her close. “Shh . . . do not fight me.” His voice was barely a whisper.
She didn’t understand what was happening to her. She heard his words, but they did nothing to calm her. She wanted to fight. She wanted to hurt someone. She’d never felt anything like it and deep down she craved the rage that flowed through her veins. “I hate you.”
“I know. Calm down and I’ll let you hit me again.” 
Although the warmth of his body seemed to soothe her, his words ground against her backbone and got her riled up again. How dare he tell her to calm down? This, coming from the master of rage and losing his temper—he had a lot of nerve. She slid her hands up between their bodies and tried to push him away. “Let. Go.”
“Kira, please. I am not trying to hurt you. I think you may be having a reaction to my blood. Stop fighting me and I will release you.”
Kira tried doing as he’d instructed before—taking deep breaths and concentrating on calming what made her feel so insanely annoyed. It seemed to help a little. She focused on the warmth of his skin and let it soak into her pores. The rush of adrenaline crept back into the hollow it had created and she felt some peace. She leaned her head back to gaze into his eyes. “I’m sorry, it’s just . . . please let go of me.” 
He studied her eyes as if searching her sincerity. “If I let you go, will you behave?”
“Maybe.” There was still a little spark left in her.
He released her and let her stand on her own. “I need to ask you something. Can you understand what I am saying?”
Kira looked at him curiously—and with a little frustration. “Of course I can. Why do you keep asking me that?”
“Because I am not speaking English. My words are in Elador—our native tongue.”
Kira took a step back. “But how?”
“I am not certain. Did you understand my cousin in the clearing?”
Her temper flickered and she clenched her fists. “Yeah, he called me your wench.” Kira took a deep breath. She had to gain control.
Octavion began to pace. “Perhaps it is my blood.”
Her mind wandered back to the journal and how the translation of his words on the page had whispered to her mind. That happened before she healed him. “I don’t think that’s it—or at least not all of it.”
He stopped and turned to look at her. “Why do you say that? Has something else happened?”
Kira cringed. “Well, I got bored while you were gone and went exploring.”
Octavion smirked. “Oh? And what did you find?”
“I wanted to see what was behind that stupid blanket. I knocked your journal on the floor and it opened to a sketch of me. It wasn’t like I could read any of it, I wanted to look at the pictures, but when I ran my finger across the words under the sketch of me sleeping, I somehow knew what it meant. It was like someone whispered it in my ear.”
“So it is the Crystor that has somehow been teaching you Elador. And my blood flowing through your veins has made it stronger.” Octavion seemed pleased with the news. He smiled genuinely and offered his hand to Kira. “We need to go back to the clearing. Shall I carry you?” 
She wasn’t sure if he was teasing or serious, but his tone caused the attitude she’d worked so hard to suppress to rise up in her again. “No. I can walk.” Picking up her knife, she slid it into its sheath and marched past him.
When the glow of the fire came into view, Kira heard several male voices mingled with Lydia’s joyful squeal. The image that flashed in her head showed three others. One knelt next to the man she’d wounded. They both had dark hair and brown eyes, but the younger of the two had his hair cut a little shorter. Brothers, she guessed.
“More cousins?” she said sarcastically.
“Two are my cousins,” he said. “I sent word to them before going to the creek. They guarded the portal until they could slip through with the others. We need their help.”
“And who are the other two?” 
“How do you know there are four?” They’d been walking side by side, but now he stood in front of her, blocking the way.
Kira shrugged. “I can see them—in my head.”
He raised a brow and grinned. “Seriously, how did you know? Did Lydia tell you in her thoughts?”
“Fine, don’t believe me.” She folded her arms.
“Explain it to me then.”
“It’s like when I see Lydia. I don’t do anything to make it happen. I’m minding my own business and an image pops into my head.”
“When did it start?”
She propped her hands on her hips and let out an exaggerated sigh. Was he really that dense? “When do you think?” She tried to get around him. “Can we go now?”
Kira stepped into the clearing ahead of Octavion, stopping suddenly when she saw intense anger register on the injured man’s face. 
“That is her,” Kira’s victim accused, pointing a finger in her direction. He still sat in the dirt, a teenage boy by his side. 
Octavion took her hand and motioned toward the two on the ground. “Kira, this is my cousin, Cade. And you have already met his brother, Luka.” 
Kira nodded, but didn’t say anything. Now that she’d calmed down she could see Luka’s face more clearly. He didn’t seem to be much older than Octavion, but his features were harder, his jaw chiseled into a sharp angle with the slightest shadow of stubble. Cade was almost an exact duplicate—minus the stubble—she guessed him to be maybe fifteen or sixteen. His eyes held a certain innocence that Luka’s lacked.
Cade stood and gave a bow. “My lady,” he said. When his eyes met hers, they widened and held there for a moment. 
Kira looked away. 
“You are right, brother,” Cade said. “She is a charmed one.”
Kira sent Octavion a questioning look. “What’s he talking about?”
“He is just fascinated with your eyes. It is nothing.” 
“They are the eyes of a Sensitive,” Luka said. 
“What?” Kira pulled her hand away from Octavion. “My eyes are fine.” 
Luka gave a hoot. “Is she also blind, cousin? Has she not seen her own eyes?”
“No, she hasn’t.” Lydia came up beside Kira. “This happened only this afternoon. We had a . . . mishap.” Since when do you speak Elador?
Kira brushed Lydia’s hand away. Since five minutes ago. 
Cade had been watching the exchange, but said nothing. He crossed the short distance between them, reached behind his head and pulled out his sword. The blade made a loud ringing sound as it exited its scabbard. Kira grabbed the hilt of her knife and took a step back, only to feel Octavion’s hand on her arm.
“Easy,” he said.
Kira kept her hand in place, but let some of the tension out of her shoulders.
“Allow me, my lady,” Cade said. He laid the sword across his palms and raised it in front of him, twisting the blade until Kira could see her reflection. 
Kira’s eyes slowly focused on her face. It had been several days since she’d seen her own image. The face looking back at her was barely familiar. Her skin was tan from spending so much time in the canyon. She’d always been told she had a full face—baby fat, she’d heard others say, but that was no longer the case. The outline of her jaw was defined—as were her cheek bones. Her auburn hair reflected the glow of the fire and her eyes—were not her own. Octavion’s description of sparkling emeralds didn’t do them justice. It looked as if someone had set a sparkler behind them, with tiny specks of light dancing around inside. They were electrifying. 
As she looked closer, they began to fill with tears. She’d seen enough. She pushed the blade away, turned her face to avoid their stare and leaned into Octavion’s arms.
“Why didn’t you tell me?” she asked.
“I tried. I could not find the words.” He stroked the hair away from her face and softly kissed her forehead.
Luka cried out and mumbled something Kira didn’t understand. Lydia knelt beside him trying without success to pull out the arrow while Cade stood nearby giving his unsolicited advice. 
“Well, if you’d hold still I could get this out,” Lydia scolded. 
Luka growled. It reminded Kira so much of Octavion that she snickered. The clearing fell silent as everyone turned to look at her.
“Sorry,” Kira said. She looked up at Octavion. “I know you told me not to heal anymore, but it was my fault.” 
He paused for a long moment before answering. “You will stop if it becomes painful?”
“Yes.”
The crease in his forehead deepened as he studied her eyes. “Then I shall allow it.” 
As soon as Kira moved toward Luka, he began to protest. “Keep your distance,” he yelled. “You have done enough damage.” He tried to get up, but Lydia pushed him back down. 
“Luka, she’s a healer,” Lydia said. “She can fix this.”
His shoulders relaxed, but he didn’t take his eyes off Kira. He was still partially transformed, probably more from the pain than from anger. “Is this true, cousin?” he asked Octavion, still keeping his focus on Kira. 
“It is. She has a gift for it.” 
Luka looked Kira up and down while blowing out a huff of air. “Very well then.” 
Men! Kira thought so only Lydia could hear.
Lydia chuckled as she stepped aside. She and Cade went to the other two men who’d been watching from a distance. Kira had to take a second look at the larger of the two. There was something in his brown eyes that didn’t quite make sense. First she saw a gentle kindness, but then their eyes met and her impression of him changed. She couldn’t put her finger on what it was that sent a chilling sensation running up the length of her spine. She focused on Lydia instead, who spoke to them for a moment before both men walked off into the trees, going in different directions. 
The arrow had gone all the way through Luka’s shoulder and out through his back. Kira would have thought it a good shot if she hadn’t been aiming for his heart. Good thing he was on the move when she let go of her bow string. She placed her hand above the wound and tried to see the damage with her mind. The arrow had grazed his collar bone, but hadn’t done any serious damage. She placed her hand at the base of the shaft where it entered, grabbed the feathered end, and broke it off. 
Luka reacted by grabbing her wrist. Octavion disappeared from where he’d been watching and reappeared beside them with his hand around Luka’s arm, his strong grip making Luka release her. 
“You hurt her and you will not live to see another day,” Octavion said. He nodded at Kira to continue.
“Thanks,” Kira said. “Maybe you should hold him down.”
“I do not need restraint.” Luka growled.
“Be still, cousin.” Octavion knelt behind him, wrapped his arms around Luka’s chest and held down his arms. 
“I have to pull this out first—you ready?” she asked Luka.
He nodded, puffing out his chest. Kira almost laughed. He put on a tough exterior, but she could see the fear in his eyes. Big chicken, she thought.
“Take a deep breath,” Octavion instructed. 
When Luka did, she grabbed the shaft near the arrow’s head and pulled it through his back. He cried out and mumbled something she could only guess was Xantara’s version of profanity. She tossed the broken arrow to the side and placed her hands on either side of his shoulder, covering both the entrance and exit wound. 
At first, it felt like when she’d healed before. The Crystor glowed red and the burning sensation ran up her arm, but when Luka cried out and lurched back, a bolt of pain shot up both arms and hit her in the chest. She screamed, releasing him instantly. Her heart raced so fast, she couldn’t catch her breath. She rolled to her side, pulled her knees up and tried to push the pain away. 
“Kira!” Octavion yelled. He didn’t dare let go of Luka—who was completely transformed and doing everything he could to get loose. “Cade, hold on to my back. I need to get him away from her and I need you to keep him away, so I can make sure she is all right.” 
Cade ran over, knelt on the ground behind Octavion and grabbed his shoulders. “Go!” Cade yelled.
All three of them disappeared. Their mist hadn’t yet settled when Octavion came back into view.





Chapter Forty Three

Octavion helped Kira sit up while Lydia retrieved a jug of water. The pain went away almost as fast as it came, leaving a dull ache in its place. 
“What happened?” Lydia asked.
“I don’t know. It felt like I’d been kicked in the chest by a mule. How is Luka’s shoulder?” Kira took the jug of water and took a sip.
“I believe it is healed,” Octavion said. “Are you well enough for them to return?”
“Yeah, I guess—as long as he doesn’t hate me for shooting him.” After rinsing Luka’s blood from her hands, she handed the water jug to Lydia and brushed the dirt from her shirt. “I really thought he was going to kill you.”
Octavion laughed. “Luka? I could take him on my worst day.”
“Care for a rematch, cousin?” Luka and Cade stepped into the clearing as Octavion uttered his insult. Luka took one look at Kira sitting on the ground and fired off another comment. “Shall I return to Xantara for my armor?”
Lydia chuckled, but not Kira. 
“A true gentleman would have introduced himself before he attacked his Prince.” Kira grabbed Octavion’s shoulder and used it for support to stand. “But if you’d like a rematch, I’d be happy to take you on.”
This time both Cade and Octavion burst out laughing. Lydia, on the other hand, sat there with her mouth, gaped open.
“He has already sworn me to secrecy,” Cade said, now holding his side and trying to gain some control. “Luka—the mighty warrior—crippled by a lady.”
“Silence!” Luka yelled. When the laughter stopped, he straightened his back and walked toward Kira. “Perhaps the lady is correct. My behavior was not befitting a gentleman.” He offered his right hand. “Forgive me, my lady. I am Luka, son of Nestor.” 
Kira gave her hand freely and was a little amused at the graceful manner with which he bowed to softly press his lips to her fingers. Not once did he take his eyes off hers, making her feel very uncomfortable. It was the flirtatious glint that caught her off guard, especially since he’d already made it clear he didn’t like her. She watched Octavion out of the corner of her eye. He didn’t like it.
“I see your wound has healed,” Octavion said with disdain. “Perhaps you should see to your men.”
The clearing fell silent as Luka released Kira’s hand and turned to face Octavion. “As you wish. Will you be joining us to give instruction, sire?”
Octavion went to stand next to Kira, a protective stance that reminded her of bull elk preparing to lock antlers. “Go back to the canyon. I will join you there.”
When they’d gone, Octavion stoked the fire and excused himself to meet with the others, leaving the girls alone to talk.
“What was that all about?” Kira asked.
“You mean between Luka and Octavion?”
“Yeah, he was just trying to apologize. Why was Octavion so rude?”
“It goes way back. They’ve always gotten along—acted more like brothers than cousins, but when it comes to women they don’t exactly see eye to eye.” 
“Let me guess, they fell for the same girl.”
“Um . . . not exactly. Octavion didn’t like it when Luka confessed he had feelings for me.”
“What?” Kira blurted, almost choking on her own saliva. “But he’s your cousin.”
“Actually, he isn’t. He’s Octavion’s cousin—on his mother’s side. We are not related.”
“And you liked him?” 
“I was only fourteen. He was handsome and gallant and—yeah, I guess I did, but I was so young and Luka . . . well . . . he’s a bit of a flirt and I think that’s always bothered Octavion. When he found out, he went crazy. He and Luka got in a huge fight, but they didn’t stay mad at each other long. Bastian . . . started having eyes for me and Luka moved on to someone else. Octavion forgave him.”
“But he didn’t forget,” Kira said.
“No.”
Lydia’s hesitation when she mentioned Bastian’s name didn’t go unnoticed by Kira, and neither did her sudden sadness. Lydia finished braiding her hair and twisted a piece of worn out ribbon around the end to keep it from unraveling.
“You loved him, didn’t you?” Kira dared to ask. “Bastian, I mean.”
Lydia didn’t look up to answer, she nodded and flipped her braid behind her back. “I didn’t see it coming. One minute we were dancing and having a great time, and the next he had a blade to my throat.”
“I’m sorry. I shouldn’t have asked.”
Lydia shrugged. “It’s okay. I just have a hard time trusting guys.”
Kira laid her hand on Lydia’s shoulder. “You’ll find someone. Maybe Luka will come back around—you never know.”
Lydia laughed. “Octavion would have a cow. Besides, Luka doesn’t like me anymore. He’s a diehard bachelor, destined to be single and flirt for the rest of his life.”
Kira sensed a little regret in her statement, like maybe Lydia still had feelings for him. But instead of pushing the subject, she changed it. 
“And what’s the story with Cade? He seems sweet.” 
“Oh, man.” Lydia rolled her eyes. “He’s a looker. Can you believe he’s only sixteen? I remember him being all legs and gangly looking when we left. He’s really filled out. I hardly recognized him.” She’d been fiddling with the leather strap that held her knife to her leg, as if trying to get it tied just right. She looked over at Kira’s sheath where the strip of leather was still missing. “Let me see if I can find something to hold your sheath in place.” She pushed to her feet and walked toward the cave.
Lydia had only been gone a few seconds, when an image of a man popped into Kira’s head. He was one of the men that came with Luka—the shorter of the two, but still stood well over six feet. He had stringy black hair that almost touched his shoulders. As the scene played out in her mind, he turned to look at her and a sinister grin crossed his face, causing a small scar on his cheek to pull against his skin. His dark brown eyes turned black. It reminded her so much of Bastian, it sent a shiver clean through her. 
Maybe she was paranoid, but being alone in the clearing suddenly scared her. She went to her shelter, grabbed her bow and quiver of arrows, then went to join Lydia in the cave. 
When Kira got to the opening, Lydia had found what she was looking for and was on her way out. Even though Kira made no attempt to be quiet, Lydia jumped and screamed at the sight of her. 
Lydia put her hand over her heart. “What are you doing here?”
“Sorry, I got spooked.”
“You, spooked? After seeing you take down Luka, I didn’t think that was possible. One minute you were standing next to me and the next you had an arrow pointed at his throat.” She held out a long strand of leather. “Here, take this. So what scared you?” 
“Nothing, I guess. I’m just not used to so many guys around. You know them and trust them, but for me they’re strangers.” Kira leaned her bow and quiver against the rock wall, bent over and laced the leather through the opening at the tip of her sheath, tying it around her thigh.
“Actually, I don’t know them all. The two guys Luka brought with him give me the creeps.” She leaned her back against one of the boulders and looked down at Kira’s bow and quiver. “You really were spooked.”
Kira didn’t answer. No sense worrying her over nothing.
“Let’s go back to the fire,” Lydia said. “I’ll find out where Octavion is—maybe he can come back.” 
“No don’t. He’s got enough on his mind.”
Lydia walked past Kira and toward the clearing.
But Kira didn’t move from her spot near the cave entrance. Another picture of the same man flashed through her mind. He came toward her, bringing his face so close she felt his breath on her face. He leaned in, breathing in her scent before touching her face with the back of his hand, tracing her cheek, neck and finally her collar bone. The image only lasted an instant, but it made her skin crawl. 
Kira slid to the ground, her back pressed firmly against the cold grey stone. She pulled her trembling knees up and wrapped her arms around them. Even though she knew it wasn’t real, she could smell his putrid breath and feel his hands on her skin. “Stop it!” Kira yelled, clamping her hands over her ears. “Get out of my head!”
Lydia spun around and ran back to the cave. “Kira, what is it?”
“I hate this. I want my mind back.” She tried to shake the image from her head. She couldn’t see it anymore, but the sick feeling remained. She felt violated and dirty. 
Lydia let out a sigh. “What did you see?” 
Kira looked up. “What do you know about Luka’s . . . friends?”
Lydia paused for a moment. “Just that Luka’s known them for a couple years and he trusts them.” She reached for her ruby, but Kira grabbed her hand before she sent a message.
“No. I’m fine. I—I’ll be fine. Maybe I’m getting images of their pasts or something. I keep seeing the shorter one in my head and it’s making me crazy. They’re so different—ruthless.” Kira pulled herself to her feet, this time following Lydia back to the clearing. It had been dark for quite some time and Kira was exhausted, but she still couldn’t shake the grimy feeling the visions had left with her. She wanted to take a bath. Actually, what she really wanted was a hot shower, but she knew that wasn’t an option.
“Do you think Octavion would be upset if I went to the creek and washed up?” Kira asked.
Lydia bent over the fire to add another log. She looked up, but didn’t say anything. She didn’t have to. The look on her face said she thought Kira had lost her mind. Maybe she had. Here they were in the thick of danger and she wanted a bath? Not exactly logical thinking.
“I know it’s late, but . . . never mind.” Goosebumps crept up Kira’s arms. She tried to rub them away so Lydia wouldn’t notice. 
“I’ll ask,” Lydia finally said, rubbing her ruby. An instant later, Octavion appeared inside the tree line. 
“She’s shaking like a leaf,” Lydia said. “But now she wants to take a bath.”
Octavion stepped closer, but when he reached out to touch Kira’s arm, she pushed away. 
“I’m fine. Now go—do whatever it was you were doing.” She waved her hand in the air. 
“You are right, she is shaking,” he said.
“Stop talking about me like I’m not here. I just asked if I could wash up. I’ve had my hands in almost everyone’s blood today, including my own, and I thought a bath would help me sleep.” 
“Are you sure that is it?” he asked.
“Yes.”
“Ha! She’s lying. You should have seen her a few minutes ago. She was scared half out of her wits. Tell him what you saw.”
Kira glared at her. “I keep seeing Luka’s friends. I don’t know them or what they’re capable of and it scares me.” Kira dropped her bow and quiver. “Just forget it. It’s too dark anyway. I’m going to bed.” She turned and stepped to her shelter, throwing the curtain back and hooking the edge around a branch.
“Kira, wait. I will take you and Lydia to the creek,” he said. “There is a spot near the end of the canyon that is secluded. I’ll build a small fire and instruct the others to set up their camp on the other side of the mountain. But only if I am close by.”
She turned slowly. “I don’t think so. I’m not stripping with you around. Get Toran to protect us.” She looked around the clearing. “Where is he, anyway?”
“He’s busy. I have him watching the perimeter. I would feel better about this if I were with you, especially with Luka’s men around.” 
“You don’t trust them?” Another shiver ran through her.
“Luka trusts them and I trust Luka.”





Chapter Forty Four

They’d only been at the creek for a few minutes, but Lydia was already undressed and in the water. The small fire provided ample light for them to see while the shadows of the trees kept them hidden from Octavion’s view—or at least that was Kira’s hope. He’d promised to keep a fair distance so they could have their privacy and Lydia insisted he would be a gentleman. 
Kira had taken off her shirt and was unbuttoning her pants when another image came to her mind. One of Luka’s men hid behind a tree watching them. Lydia, be still and cover yourself. She tossed one of the towels in her direction.
Lydia quickly sank into the water up to her neck and pulled the towel over her.
Kira pulled her shirt back on before picking up her bow. She slipped an arrow from her quiver and took aim at a tree a short distance away. 
What is it? Lydia asked.
Call Octavion. We have an intruder. “Show yourself,” Kira yelled.
Before the man had time to respond, Altaria stood beside Kira, the drenched towel wrapped tightly around her body—her sword in her hand.
Octavion appeared, took one look at their stance and where Kira’s arrow pointed and took off running in that direction. The man pushed away from the tree, but only took one step before Octavion was on him. It was not a fair match. Octavion tossed him around like a rag doll, finally grabbing him by his neck and forcing his back against the tree. 
“Luka!” he roared. 
Within seconds, both his cousins appeared. Luka glanced at the girls standing near the creek and then at the intruder. Octavion didn’t give his cousins time to ask questions. He took the man and tossed him at Luka who stepped aside, allowing the man to fall to the ground.
“Keep your men in check,” Octavion ordered. “I catch them near these girls again and I will slit their throats.”
Luka bent over and grabbed the man by the front of his shirt and pulled him to his feet. “You won’t have to. I will have already done the task.” The man turned to look at Kira. He glanced up and down the length of Altaria’s half naked body then looked directly into Kira’s eyes. He grinned, and for a split second, she saw his eyes turn black.
Kira dropped her bow and cowered to the ground. The evil of his empty stare ran through her veins like cold water as she tried to control the fear that invaded her core. When Octavion came closer she drew further into herself, trying to imagine an invisible barrier between her and everyone else.
“Kira, what is it? Did he hurt you?” 
She’d closed her eyes and couldn’t find the courage to look at him. She shook her head. “Make him leave—just make him leave.”
“He’s gone, Kira. Cade took him back into the forest. Now tell me what’s going on.” 
She slowly raised her head and opened her eyes. Luka still stood a few feet away watching her.
“Why did you bring them?” she asked Luka.
He looked confused at first, but stepped closer and tried to explain. “They won’t hurt you, Kira. Zerek is somewhat unruly and made a bad choice, but he would never hurt you. I trust him.”
“A bad choice? That’s what you call this?” Octavion asked with a sharp edge to his voice. “Look at her. She’s scared to death.” He turned his attention back to Kira and pulled her close. “I have never seen her shake this bad. Not even when Bastian tried to kill her.”
Luka’s expression suddenly held more compassion. His demeanor softened. “I am sorry you had to go through that, Kira. I have seen what he can do.” 
“It was Zerek’s eyes—the evil I saw in them . . . that’s what scared me.”
Octavion tensed. “What about his eyes?” 
“They’re black. Didn’t you see them?”
Octavion released Kira and rose to his feet. Luka stepped back. “You brought Darkords to this place?” Octavion exploded in a rage. “You are a fool, Luka!”
Luka straightened—his fists clenched. “They’re fearless—they will not stop till the enemy is dead.”
“And who is the enemy? The Darkords have alliance with no one. They kill for sport and stop at nothing.” 
Their voices grew louder and Kira saw Luka’s eyes begin to change. Octavion’s back was to her, but she knew by his stance that he was transforming as well. 
“Which is exactly why I brought them,” Luka said. “You said you needed help. Zerek and Nigel are trained to take orders and I trust them.” 
“I will not have them here. It is difficult enough to protect these girls without having to worry about your friends turning on us. I want you to collect them. They are going back.” 
“I will not. I know these men and trust them. If I fight, I want them by my side.”
“Do you trust them with your life?” Octavion roared. 
“I do.” Luka snarled, letting out another long rumbling protest before turning to walk away.
“Luka?” Kira said. Her voice frail and shaky.
Luka stopped, but didn’t turn around. 
“Would you trust them with Cade’s life?” she asked.
There was a long pause as he took in a deep breath and let it out slow. “I will bring them to your lair.” And then he was gone.
When the argument started, Altaria disappeared into the bushes. At some point she’d changed back to Lydia and gotten dressed. Now she sat on a rock, lacing her boots. “I told you those guys gave me the creeps.” She gathered her wet towel and flung it over a branch. “You’re turn, Kira. I’ll keep an eye out for you.”
Octavion hadn’t moved. He still watched the place where Luka’s mist melted into the night air. “I will wait here,” he said with his back to them.
Kira didn’t argue, but she couldn’t bring herself to bathe either. Instead, she just washed up the best she could and asked Octavion to take them back to the clearing. She barely remembered dragging her tired limbs into her shelter before she fell asleep. She woke some time later to Octavion and Luka going at it again. 
“What do you mean they are gone?” Octavion shouted. 
“We have searched the entire mountain and there is no sign of them,” Luka said. “They must have overheard our conversation near the creek.” 
Kira pulled her curtain back enough to see them standing by the fire. Cade quietly watched from a distance. 
Octavion paced. “Then we will count them as our enemies. You have tipped the odds in Shandira’s favor, cousin. If we are defeated, it will be on your head.”
As they continued to argue, Kira heard Lydia moving around in her shelter. 
Lydia, are you awake?
How could a person sleep? I’m waiting for the battle to begin.
I need to ask you something. What is a Darkord and why are they so bad? 
Did Octavion tell you about the Curse of Panthera?
Yeah, but he didn’t mention anything about Darkords. Kira released the curtain and snuggled back under the covers. 
The conditions of the curse were that the men had to be faithful to the king’s daughters. A few years after he cursed them, one of them had an affair. As a result of his transgression and to prevent another Royal from making the same mistake, the king of Panthera punished his daughter’s husband and promised the same for anyone else who committed adultery. Because Royals are half man, half beast, the part of the soul that is the cat is taken, leaving them with half a soul. That’s why their eyes are black. When they are up to evil or no good, their eyes reflect their darkness. It’s like looking into an empty abyss.
That’s what I felt when I saw Bastian’s eyes—pure evil. Kira cringed at the memory.
“What?” Lydia said aloud. The curtain of Kira’s shelter flew open and Lydia scooted in beside her. “What did you say?”
Kira pulled herself up and leaned her back against the wall of the lean-to. “Bastian. When he was at the house—he had black eyes.”
“But that’s not possible.” 
The argument between Octavion and Luka stopped and they turned their attention to the girls. 
“Octavion,” Lydia called, as all three moved toward them. “Kira, tell them what you just told me.” 
“I thought you knew.”
“Knew what?” Luka asked.
“When Bastian attacked me at the house, we were face to face for a moment and his eyes were like Zerek’s. They were black.” 
Octavion stepped closer. “Kira, are you certain? Could it have been a reflection or because you were so frightened?” 
“I was beyond scared, but I know what I saw.”
Octavion ran his fingers through his hair. “I have known him for years—surely I would have seen something. How could I not know this?”
“Why does it make a difference what he is?” Kira asked. “You already know he’s your enemy.”
Octavion began to pace again, forcing Luka and Cade to step out of his way. “It makes a big difference. I have always thought it was Shandira that convinced Bastian to turn against us. Now I am not sure. He could have been influencing her for years.” He stopped and looked at Lydia. “She did not have a chance.”
“It’s not your fault.” Lydia stood and went to him. “You didn’t know.”
He shook his head. “But I should have. You know the things I can see. How is it possible that he kept this from me?” He drew his dagger, flipped it into the air just enough to spin the blade around so he could catch the tip, and hurled it across the clearing and into a tree. 
“Grab your weapons, cousin,” Octavion growled. “We are going hunting.”





Chapter Forty Five

After much resistance, Octavion finally convinced Cade to stay behind and stand guard. Even though he was an expert tracker, he was young and didn’t have the experience the other two had. Cade swore to keep the girls out of harm’s way and stay alert. 
Lydia and Kira also received instructions. They were to keep their weapons close and try to get some sleep. At the time, Kira thought it impossible, but once her head hit the pillow she was dreaming. Somewhere between her dream world and reality, she felt a warm hand tenderly stroke her cheek. With effort, she pulled herself awake. 
“You’re back,” she whispered. She opened her eyes, expecting to see Octavion’s face, but he wasn’t there. Kira pulled back the piece of black fabric and searched the clearing, but found it empty.
“Octavion?” she whispered. 
And then she saw them. 
Outside her shelter was a single set of footprints and a round indentation where someone had knelt. She’d seen enough of Octavion’s footprints to know they weren’t his.
“Cade!” she called, but he didn’t respond. She tried again, but only Lydia answered.
“Kira, what is it?”
“Where’s Cade? Someone was here and they touched my face.”
“Cade!” Lydia screamed. This time he came stumbling out from between two trees. “Where were you?”
“I—I fell asleep. Forgive me. Are you all right?” He rubbed his eyes and ran his fingers through his disheveled hair. 
Kira pointed to the footprints. “Are these yours or Luka’s?”
He crouched down and examined them, the color quickly fading from his face. “No. They belong to Zerek.”
The image of a hand against her cheek flooded her mind. She pulled her quilt around her and retreated to the back of her shelter, letting the curtain fall. She was so afraid she couldn’t move. Even when she heard Octavion’s voice, her trembling limbs wouldn’t let her go to him. 
“Who took her?” he yelled. “How long have they been gone?” 
Kira heard the panic in his voice. She tried to say his name, but nothing came out. Lydia and Cade both tried to explain their version of what happened, but neither one of them made sense. Finally, Lydia raised her voice above everyone else.
“Octavion, stop! I didn’t say he took her, I said he touched her. She’s in there.”
Firelight burst into Kira’s lean-to as the black curtain was ripped from the front of the shelter. The fabric drifted to the ground behind Octavion as he fell to his knees in front of her. At first, he just stayed there, staring at her, his chest rising and falling as if he struggled to breathe. Then he reached out with his hand.
“Kira.” 
She leapt into his arms, letting go of her emotions and crying out all the fear she’d held inside. He wrapped her in his warm embrace and pulled her head against his chest. 
“I thought I’d lost you,” he whispered. 
“I felt Zerek’s hand on my cheek. I thought . . . it was you.” Kira managed between her sobs.
“Shh . . . I am here now. You are safe.” He brushed the hair away from her face and kissed her forehead.
“Are you okay?” Lydia asked.
Kira nodded. “I think so.”
Lydia shared a long look with Octavion. After a few seconds, Lydia went to join Luka and Cade. Kira saw them standing in a tight circle, though no one spoke. 
Kira hadn’t realized until then that all of them could converse without speaking. She didn’t know why it surprised her—she should have guessed. At one point, both Luka and Cade looked over at Kira, quickly turning back to their conversation with Lydia. They nodded in agreement. 
Kira knew exactly what they were discussing.
“I won’t go,” she said.
Octavion let out the breath he’d been holding, but said nothing.
Kira unwrapped her arms from his waist and scooted away. As their eyes met, his jaw tightened. He looked beaten and haggard. She’d never seen so much agony and concern on his face, not even when Lydia was injured. 
“Kira,” he finally said. “I don’t know what else to do. I cannot protect you from Shandira, her warriors, the Darkords and my own kin. I am only one man.”
“But I can fight. You know that.”
“Yes, you are stronger and have mastered your bow, but that is not my biggest concern. What if you are injured? How am I to fight our enemies and protect you from my heritage—from them?” He motioned toward his cousins.
“You mean my blood?” She took his hand, grasping it with both of hers. “How do you know how they will react? Maybe it won’t be so bad.”
“I know because they have just arrived in this world. Why do you think I live up here, Kira? Why do you think we have those chains?” 
Kira cringed at the mention of them. “I don’t know,” she finally admitted.
“When we first came here, the temptation was unbearable. Every new moon my sister had to bind me to prevent me from feeding on humans. When I worked construction, I nearly killed a man when he got a sliver in his finger.”
“But you got used to it. You said yourself that it didn’t bother you as much.”
“Yes, but it took a long time to build my resistance and I still have trouble controlling my cravings.” 
“Octavion, please don’t make me go. What if something happens to Lydia, I have to be close to heal her, right? I can’t do that if I’m miles away. There might not be time for someone to come get me.” His expression remained unchanged. Nothing she said made a difference. She closed her eyes for a moment and said a silent prayer that her next words would reach his heart and somehow change his mind. 
“There’s something you need to know,” she began as she found his eyes again. “I don’t want to go back. I don’t want the life I had before—hiding in a hole with nothing to look forward to. Without you and Lydia, I have no one. I won’t live like that. I need to be here. I need to be a part of this, just like I need to be a part of your life. I love you. Please, don’t leave me alone.”
His grip tightened around her hands as tiny threads of yellow began to invade his dark blue eyes. “I will not lose you.”
“Octavion, you’re not listening. What I’m saying is . . . I’d rather die in your arms tonight, than spend the rest of my life without you. I’m just as afraid of losing you and not being here to heal your wounds as you are of me being injured. Why can’t you see that?” 
He looked over at the threesome who seemed to be eavesdropping on their conversation. “We have decided,” he said.
Kira dropped his hand and exited the shelter. As she backed away from the lean-to, all four of them advanced toward her. 
“Kira,” Lydia said. “Do you really think you can outrun us?”
“Why are you doing this? I thought you were my friend. It should be my choice.” As they got closer, Kira pulled out her dagger and stabbed the air between them. 
Luka laughed. “You are going to fight us? You are either brave or very foolish.”
She had to admit, it was a stupid move, but she was out of options. She wasn’t sure whether to run or surrender, but then the Crystor caught the reflection of the fire and it gave her an idea. She transferred the knife into her left hand and slid the blade between her wrist and the small strand of silver. She pulled up just enough to cause Lydia discomfort.
Lydia grabbed her wrist. “Kira, don’t.”
Octavion took a step closer. “She will not do it. She knows what will happen if she does.” He took another step.
“You don’t know me very well, do you?” Kira pulled up on the blade, making Lydia cry out in pain.
Octavion’s whole body stiffened. He took another step toward her. “Kira! You have made your point.” He stretched out his hand. “Now give me the knife.”
Luka looked over at Cade and made a motion with his head. Cade circled around behind her, so Kira stepped back to increase the distance between them. 
“Tell me this,” Kira said. “If it weren’t for my blood and the fear of their reaction, would you let me stay?”
Octavion looked over at his cousins who slowly advanced on Kira. “Yes.”
“Then perhaps we should test your little theory.” She released the tension on the Crystor and pushed the blade into her flesh, but not enough to break the skin. “Tell me I can stay or I will slit my wrist right here.”
“Kira, no!” Octavion pleaded. “You will bring them right to us.”
Kira loosened the pressure on the knife, but didn’t remove it. “What do you mean? You told me you set a false trail and led them miles from here.” He’d never been worried about her blood attracting Shandira and her men before.
He swallowed hard. “I didn’t want to scare you. We picked up their trail by the boulders, the same ones that were in the picture.” He advanced on her as she lowered her knife and dropped it to the ground. 
“They’re here? But, why haven’t they attacked us?”
Octavion retrieved the dagger and handed it to Cade. “Luka and I followed their trail to the other side of the canyon where they circled around and came back to the creek—the place where you bathed only a few hours ago. At that point the trail went cold. I am sure they will wait until daybreak to attack.”
“We don’t have a lot of time,” Luka said. “We need to plan our defense and be ready for them when they come. If we are to take her, it must be now.”
“You’re still taking me?”
“Tell me another way, Kira. How can I keep you safe and still be able fight these men? How will I keep my vow to protect my sister?”
Kira shifted her focus from Octavion to Lydia—who scarcely resembled the friend she knew. Kira hadn’t given much thought to what this meant to her; how being forced to leave her home and come to this world had caused her to lose her identity and the security of her homeland. Kira had forgotten why they were here, why all this happened and how it had begun. It was all about Lydia—and Altaria. It was about saving her from the fatal intentions of her own sister. This was her fight and Kira was in the way.
Kira looked back at Octavion, still not willing to give into their plot to send her away. “What if I don’t fight?”
He folded his arms. “Explain.” 
“I can be your eyes,” she began. “You could hide me in a tree or behind the rocks where I have a view of the entire canyon. When they come, I can send my thoughts to Altaria and she can warn everyone.” 
“Go on,” Luka said, stepping closer.
“Well, I sense things, like last night with Luka and again with Zerek. I saw them in my mind. If an image like that pops into my head, I can warn you.”
“And you will not fight?” Octavion asked.
“No, but I’ll keep my weapons close in case I have to defend myself.” A long moment of silence filled the clearing. “I promise to be careful.” 
Luka put a hand on Octavion’s shoulder. “It may work, cousin. She could be an asset to us.”
Octavion growled. The furrow on his forehead was so deep, it looked painful. He shook his head and looked intently into her eyes. “If you get hurt…”
She cut him off by leaping into his arms. “You won’t regret this, Octavion.”
For a long moment, he was silent. Then he let out a sigh and said, “I already do.”





Chapter Forty Six

Octavion knelt by the fire and drew a crude map of the canyon in the dirt. They all listened closely as he placed each one of them in the position they’d be best suited for. 
“Kira, I want you to hide in the rocks,” Octavion instructed. “I think it will be the best vantage point. They won’t know you are there and you will be able to see everything.”
“But won’t they come there first?” Kira asked. “That’s where you picked up their trail.” 
“It would trap them in the canyon. Now that they have been here, they will realize the entrance by the creek will suit them better.” He demonstrated by drawing an X in the dirt to indicate the location. 
“Cade, I want you right here, across from Kira. There’s a cluster of trees against the cliffs. It will keep you hidden.” He looked at Cade, who nodded. “If Kira gets into trouble—” 
“I understand,” Cade cut him off. “I will not let you down this time.” 
“Luka, you and I will be here at the entrance. We should be able to take most of them down before they get to the creek.” 
Octavion looked at Altaria, who waited patiently for her instructions. “My original plan did not include you, sister. You were to go with Kira.”
“And you think I didn’t know that?” she asked. “But I would have fought you and won.” She grinned, a glint of mischief flashed in her eyes.
“You didn’t tell me that part,” Kira complained. “When did you decide to take her?”
“After you healed Luka’s shoulder.” He turned his full attention to her. “I do not want you healing again, Kira. The pain you felt in your chest gives me great concern. Your heart may not be strong enough.”
“But what if someone’s hurt?”
“It is a chance we will have to take.”
“I’m not Serena,” Kira said. “I have a strong heart. The only reason it hurts now is because you poisoned me with your blood.” 
“We do not have time to discuss this. You know how I feel,” Octavion said.
“As do the rest of us,” Altaria said, firmly. “Now where do you want me?”
Octavion stuck his knife in the map at their bathing spot. “Do you think you can watch my back from here?” It positioned Altaria right between Octavion and Kira. 
“Yes,” she answered.
“Wait,” Kira said. “That leaves her alone. Why don’t you have Cade protect Altaria and Toran can stay with me? That way we’d both be protected.”
Octavion paused for a long moment, searching the faces of the others. Altaria looked away, while everyone else waited. “That is not an option, Kira.”
“Why not?” she asked.
Octavion sighed. “When Luka and I went after the Darkords, we tracked them to the base of the mountain near the foot bridge. We lost their trail, so we circled around and came up through the canyon. We found a lot of blood near the entrance. It was Toran’s.”
“He’s dead? Why didn’t you tell me?” Kira felt like someone had ripped out her heart. “Did you find his body? Maybe he’s out there somewhere bleeding to death. We have to go look for him.”
Octavion shook his head. “No. But there was a lot of blood and I know it was Toran’s. Luka tracked him as far as the creek and lost his trail there. If he was alive, he would have made his way back to the clearing by now.” 
The rest of the planning session was a blur for Kira. She sat next to Octavion, half listening and half mourning the loss of a good friend and protector. She’d never given much thought to how much he’d come to mean to her. Now it was too late. 
Octavion cleared his throat and stood. “Luka, you take Altaria to the creek. Make sure she is settled before going to your station. Cade and I will take Kira to the rocks. We should all go at the same time, in case they are waiting for us. Are there any questions?”
“How many?” Kira asked. 
Altaria spoke this time. “We’re not sure. We know Bastian and at least three others—and of course, Shandira. I don’t expect her to show her face until it’s almost over. She’s a coward. She won’t want to actually fight, just take all the glory. And we mustn’t forget her scouts. If she’s somehow convinced them to rejoin her, they’ll be there as well. At least the one without the mangled hand.” She winked at Kira.
“She sounds like a real piece of work.” Kira did not want to meet up with her.
“She is ruthless,” Octavion said. “Remember that.”
Altaria adjusted her sword on her back. “And remember—she has the same blood we have. She can appear and disappear very quickly, avoiding a blow with a blade. Don’t go up against her, Kira. Promise me.”
“I promised not to fight unless I’m protecting myself, remember?”
Altaria flashed her crooked grin. “I remember, but I also know you. Promise me you won’t challenge her.”
“I promise.”
Altaria unfastened her ruby necklace. “Would you hold this for me again?” she asked, extending her hand. 
“Sure.” Kira opened her healing pack and slid it inside. She could have left the pack behind, but since the guys would be leaping, she thought it wise to keep a few vials of Octavion’s strengthening concoction handy. She also had the Gyllrue if someone lost a lot of blood and a few other herbs for helping with pain. Regardless of what Octavion thought about her healing, she wanted to be prepared for anything. Hopefully, she wouldn’t need them.
Altaria slid her hand into her pocket and pulled out her mother’s heart-shaped necklace. “I’ll wait to wear this until we are ready. I don’t want her trying to read my thoughts. I think that’s where we went wrong last time.”
Octavion nodded. “I believe you are right. Is everyone ready?” They all stood. For an instant—no one moved, as if saying a silent prayer. Octavion squared his shoulders. “Let’s do this.”





Chapter Forty Seven

The box canyon was beautiful with the early morning rays streaming over the mountain. A fine white mist settled into the meadow, giving it a feeling of heaven. It would have been a great day for a picnic if it weren’t for the clouds rolling in—and of course the imminent battle. Octavion pointed out the group of trees where he wanted Cade, sending him on his way. He took Kira to the rock outcropping and found the best place for her to hide. She had a full view of the canyon and every position where the others waited.
“I want you to stay here.” He took her hand and pressed it against his chest. His heart sped almost as rapidly as hers. “I mean it, Kira. I cannot be wondering where you are. You have to promise me you will stay here.”
“I promise.” But deep inside she knew if something happened to any of them, nothing would hold her back. 
“Whatever happens, you wait. It will not take long for this to be finished. When it is over, I will come for you.” He looked at her for the longest time, as if memorizing every detail of her face.
And then she saw it. In the depths of his eyes, she saw doubt. Not for their love, but for their survival. With all his strength and confidence, he was afraid he would fail. Afraid he wouldn’t be able to protect his sister. Afraid he wouldn’t be able to protect her. 
Bile rose up in her throat and she had to swallow hard to keep it down. “We’ll be fine, Octavion. You’ll see.” She rose up onto her toes and pressed her lips to his. She tried not to think the kiss might be their last. “Don’t go getting yourself hurt, you hear me?”
“I will be fine. You are the one I am worried about.” Octavion cupped her face in his hand and gave her a look that almost broke her heart. A few seconds later, they were all in position and Altaria sent Kira a message. Are you ready?
As ready as I’ll ever be. 
Kira’s heart raced as she felt the strange eeriness that surrounded her whenever a Royal was about to appear. She alerted the others just before she caught something moving on the cliff. It was out of their point of view so she warned Altaria.
Movement on the cliff, above Cade. Kira watched intently. A dark figure broke through the trees. Shandira. She’s alone.
Get down. I don’t want her to see you.
Kira repositioned herself, careful to retain a partial view of the canyon. A few minutes passed before she saw three men—one of them, Bastian. Octavion was right—they entered at the far end where the canyon opened into the meadow. Bastian stayed where he was, only a few yards from Luka, while the others moved in the other direction. If they stayed their course, Octavion could take them both down. A split second later, Bastian began his advance.
Altaria. Bastian is just ahead of Luka, he’s coming fast. The other two are headed right for Octavion. 
I see them. Stay down! 
Okay, okay. 
Their movement was swift and methodical, like a cat stalking its prey. Kira kept peeking at Shandira to make sure she hadn’t moved. Her thick mane of long, black hair blew back from her face in the increasing breeze. Her black leather pants fit snug against her lean legs, but her dark blouse rippled loosely around her as the air caught the thin fabric. She had the same leather cuffs on her wrists that they all wore, with the addition of black, fingerless gloves. If it weren’t for the evil scowl on her face, Kira would have thought her beautiful.
As the two men got closer to Octavion, Kira noticed movement to her left. Two more men approached from behind Cade.
Two more . . . But there wasn’t time. “Cade! Behind you!” Kira screamed. As Cade spun around, the first man attacked. Kira grabbed an arrow and pulled back her bow. The arrow sailed through the air, striking the partially transformed Royal in the chest. He fell to the ground and didn’t move. If she were in any other situation she would have been sick—she’d probably just killed a man. But there was no time to think about that now. 
By then, Cade had transformed, but so had the other man who stepped over the body of his comrade and approached Cade with a growl. They’d both abandoned their swords and were engaged in a ferocious battle of claws and teeth. They were too close to each other and moving too fast for her to get off another shot.
She looked up the canyon to check on the others. Luka and Bastian were exchanging blows with their swords. Kira searched to find Octavion, but all she saw was one of the two men who’d gone in his direction lying lifeless on the ground. Altaria ran out from behind a tree, but Kira couldn’t see anyone pursuing her. An instant later, Octavion and the second man appeared not two feet in front of Altaria. They were also completely transformed. Altaria drew her sword, but kept her distance, letting her brother wrestle with the man. 
Kira turned around to check on Cade. The opposing Royal lay on the ground halfway between the cliffs and Kira. Cade turned toward her as his attacker rose up on his elbow, grabbed his dagger by the blade and threw it, hitting Cade in the back. 
“Cade!” Kira screamed as he collapsed to the ground. Altaria, Cade’s hit. Kira raised her bow, but before she could get off a shot, her senses shut down, and a foreboding darkness engulfed her. It was as if she stood in a thick fog.
“Ground your weapon,” Shandira said from behind her.
When Kira felt the pressure of a blade to her back, she released the tension on the string and dropped her bow. For a split second, she saw Cade struggling to get up. His panicked eyes met hers. Tell Cade to stay down. I’m okay. Tell him I’m okay.
Kira turned her head to see if she could catch a glimpse of the others, but before she could focus on the scene, Shandira threw her arm around her waist and the canyon faded away.
The leap was violent. Shandira’s malicious spirit clogged Kira’s senses and filled her mind with visions of dark figures, all with black eyes. When they appeared in the meadow they were only a few feet from where Altaria and Octavion battled it out with the Royal. All Kira could think about was getting away from Shandira. She wiggled free by kicking Shandira in the shin and driving her elbow into her ribs. Kira felt Shandira’s presence shift from behind her to in front with barely a second passing. Altaria was right about her speed of traveling. Shandira grabbed Kira’s hair, spun her around and pulled her against her chest, aligning the tip of her blade with Kira’s heart.
“Stay your weapons!” Shandira shrieked. “Or I will gut her like a fish.”
Octavion and Altaria froze and slowly released their weapons to the ground. Bastian, who had been fighting with Luka, ran up and stood beside Shandira. 
“Here, I got you a little present,” Shandira said, shoving Kira toward Bastian.
He took Kira’s arm, twisted it behind her back and pressed the blade of his knife to her neck. “You will not get away from me this time, wench.” 
The Royal Octavion had been fighting jumped to his feet and joined Shandira and Bastian. He was at his maximum transformation, growling and snarling like a wild animal. He paced, reminding Kira of the caged tigers she’d seen in the zoo. How she’d love to see him in a cage. All of them actually. A very small cage.
“Let her go Bastian. This is not her fight.” Octavion took a step toward them, but stopped when Bastian put more pressure on the knife. 
“You made it her fight, brother,” Shandira said. 
Kira, hold very still. There are too many Royals here—you do not want to get cut. 
Kira tried not to think about herself. The image of Cade lying on the ground with a knife sticking out of his back wouldn’t let her. If he hadn’t been coming to save her, he never would have turned his back on his attacker. Where’s Luka? 
Altaria shifted her eyes ever so slightly to Kira’s left, focusing on the scene behind her. 
He just got to Cade. Luka’s ferocious roar echoed up the canyon and the color washed from Altaria’s face. She closed her eyes for a few seconds before looking at Kira. It’s bad.
For a brief moment, Kira wanted to cower to the ground and give up—go back to her ways of being a mouse—but she’d vowed never to let herself be in this situation again. Not at the hands of this monster. She would rather die. Altaria. I’m fighting back. Be ready.
No! Altaria grabbed the air at her side where the hilt of her dagger should have been. She swore under her breath. It lay with her sword at her feet. Kira, don’t you dare. He is mine!
Then you better be ready, ‘cause I’m doing this. Kira slowly gripped the handle of her knife and slipped it out of her sheath. No one seemed to notice. Remember what you told me to do to Octavion in the clearing—a blade to his thigh. Be ready. 
Octavion moved to one side, distracting Bastian, while Kira gathered her strength and thrust the blade into his leg as hard as she could. She pulled it out at an angle to do as much damage as possible.
Bastian cried out, lowering the blade from Kira’s throat, but kept his grip on her arm. Kira tossed her knife to Altaria as she lunged forward. With one swift move, she drove the dagger up under his ribs. He let out a roar, but still didn’t let go of Kira. He brought the point of his knife to her neck and grinned, paying no attention to who had really stabbed him. His eyes were empty and dark. 
That’s all it took to release that part of Octavion’s beast that now flowed in Kira’s veins. Her eyes burned cold as she laid her hand over Altaria’s, both girls twisting the blade and driving it deeper. Bastian slumped to the ground in a bloody heap. 
Kira looked over to find Lydia by her side, a tear rolling down her cheek. She looked at Kira and simply nodded before her face shifted back to Altaria’s. 
Kira picked up Bastian’s knife from the ground, and spun around in time to see Shandira coming at them in a rage. Octavion was under attack by the Royal again. Altaria jumped in front of Kira to take Shandira’s first blow, a cut to her arm. Shandira pushed Altaria to the side and swung her blade, catching Kira in the side. She stumbled back, but didn’t fall. Kira healed the wound quickly. 
When Shandira came at her again, Altaria attacked, knocking Shandira off balance and slicing her arm above her leather cuff. It only made Shandira angrier. Kira had never seen Altaria completely transform like Octavion, but when the two girls began to fight, both changed into ferocious beasts. Their full lips pulled back in a snarl, exposing their sharp feline teeth and their eyes, so fierce, seethed with ravenous loathing. 
Octavion still battled it out with the Royal, who had clearly caught scent of Kira’s blood. When he broke loose from Octavion’s grip, the man dove at her, bearing his teeth. Octavion disappeared only to reappear between them an instant later, knocking both off balance as they rolled to the ground. This time the men vanished, leaving a heavy mist swirling in their place.
Kira turned to see the two sisters, each struggling to gain control. When Shandira drew her hand back to swing her blade, Kira leapt forward, grabbed her hair and pulled her away. Shandira twisted around and knocked Kira down. She landed against a boulder, forcing the air from her lungs. It took her a moment to catch her breath, but when she did, she was up and ready to fight. She got to Shandira as she pulled her blade from between Altaria’s ribs.
“No!” Kira screamed. 
Shandira grabbed the heart necklace and ripped it from her sister’s neck as Altaria fell to the ground. “This is mine,” Shandira cried. She turned toward Kira. Only this time, Kira was ready. She lunged forward, driving her knife into Shandira’s stomach. Kira pulled it out, but instead of falling to the ground, Shandira simply faded away.
“Octavion!” Kira yelled. She searched the canyon, but there was no sign of him or the Royal he’d taken with him. She looked toward the rocks to find Luka and Cade gone as well. 
Altaria sat propped against a tree. Even with her hand pressed against her wound, blood still seeped between her fingers and soaked her shirt. Kira knelt beside her and tried to pull Altaria’s hand back so she could get a better look at the damage.
“I’m all right. It isn’t that deep,” Altaria said, pushing Kira’s hand away.
“Let me see it. I need to get it healed before you lose any more blood.” Kira opened her healing pack to retrieve the Gyllrue and was overcome by the fumes. Sometime during the battle the tiny glass bottle had broken and the inside of her pack was saturated with the liquid. She looked at Altaria. “It’s gone. I’ll have to work fast.” Once again she tried to pull Altaria’s hand away from the wound. 
“No—I said I’m fine.” Altaria made an attempt to sit up straighter, cringing when the muscles tightened across her abdomen. Tears formed in her eyes. “I promised not to let you heal. I won’t go back on that, Kira.”
“And I swore to be your healer. Now stop fighting me and let me see it.” She took Altaria’s hand and forced it away from the wound. Blood pulsed from the opening much like it had from Octavion’s leg. Kira pulled out her dagger and placed it against her palm, but Altaria grabbed it away. 
“You cannot do that. The blood left from your cut is already affecting me. Or don’t you remember what happened with Octavion?” She drove the knife into the tree at her side, broke off the blade and tossed the handle into the grass a few feet away.
“Why’d you do that? You know I can’t heal something this bad without my blood. How am I supposed to tell your brother I let you die?” Kira searched the surrounding area for something sharp. A small dagger lay a few yards away next to one of the dead Royals. As she stood, Altaria grabbed her arm and pulled her back down—her grip surprisingly strong. 
“Stop that,” Kira said. “You’re hurting me.”
“You are not healing me. I will not see my brother grieve your death—not because you healed me and certainly not at my own hand.” Her beautiful blue eyes were almost completely yellow and her shoulders seemed to swell as she spoke. 
Reaching into her pouch, Kira felt the tiny shards of glass from the broken vial until she found one big enough to do the job. Yanking her hand free from Altaria’s grip, she drew the jagged edge across her palm.
Altaria arched back from the scent of fresh blood, her feline scream piercing the eerie silence that had settled in the canyon.
Kira clamped her hand over Altaria’s wound. She had to hurry before Altaria lost control. As she focused on mending the injury, Altaria’s transformation progressed. Kira felt the wound begin to mend, the muscle and tissue fusing together as the pain in Kira’s heart grew more unbearable.
Altaria growled as she peeled back her lips to expose her feline teeth. Her eyes held no control over the beast she’d become as she lurched forward, clamping her jaw over Kira’s left shoulder. She bit down hard, grinding her teeth across Kira’s collarbone. 
Kira screamed as a rush of warm air passed through her body forcing Altaria back against the tree. The pain Kira felt in her chest disappeared almost instantly, replaced with a tingling sensation underneath her skin. It was as if her body were filled with warm air. After healing she’d always felt cold, but this time she was hot, almost feverish. She could feel tiny drops of perspiration already forming on her brow and upper lip. So overwhelmed by the change, she almost passed out. When it stopped, she opened her eyes to see Lydia sitting before her—her lips still wet with Kira’s blood. “Lydia! What happened? Why do I feel so strange?”
Lydia’s voice was weak. “It was the only way . . . to save you. I had no choice.” 
“I don’t understand.”
Lydia reached for Kira’s bloody shoulder as tears formed in her eyes. “I’m sorry. Altaria was so afraid . . . afraid to hurt you—afraid to die. I tried to stop her, but her craving was too strong. I had to push her away.”
“Lydia, what do you mean push her away? Where’s Altaria?” Kira dropped Lydia’s hand. Her shoulder throbbed as blood trickled down her back. She wiped the sweat from her brow. 
“Her spirit . . . is in you now.” Lydia lifted her hand away from her wound to find it still bleeding. “I feel so empty.”
Kira took both of Lydia’s hands and held them tight. “Why did you do that? You need to take her back. She needs to be with you.”
Lydia tried to take a deep breath, but it caught. “Not until the scent of your blood is gone. I won’t take that chance.” She closed her eyes and leaned her head against the tree.
Kira tried to push the pain in her shoulder aside long enough to finish healing Lydia’s wound. It took more effort than she’d anticipated. When she’d finished, she summoned what energy she had left to heal her shoulder. She stopped when the meadow grew quiet and she felt a thick ominous fog creep up behind her. 
Kira spun around in time to see Shandira’s dark wake. It faded into the blood soaked earth where Bastian’s body lay. Had she come to see if he was still alive? 
“Crap!” Kira retrieved Lydia’s necklace from her healing pack and dropped it in her hand. Lydia’s eyes flew open as Kira folded her fingers around the tiny gem so she wouldn’t lose her grip. “Call Octavion. Tell him we’re in trouble.”
An instant later Octavion appeared, his arms and legs riddled with cuts and abrasions. His bottom lip was swollen, his knuckles bleeding and raw. He looked down at Lydia covered in blood and knelt beside her. “Are you all right?”
Lydia nodded. 
Catching sight of the bite marks on Kira’s shoulder—Octavion’s eyes widened as he leaned toward her to get a better look. His jaw tightened and his face twisted into a snarl. “Did Shandira do that?”
Kira shook her head. “Altaria—but it wasn’t her fault.” She helped Lydia to stand. “We need to get out of here. Shandira’s still alive.”
Octavion swore. “The Royal I fought escaped as well. We need to get back to my lair. Luka and Cade are waiting for us. Cade’s injury is severe.” He wrapped an arm around Lydia’s waist. “Kira, I’m not sure I can take both of you.”
A lump formed in Kira’s throat. “It’s okay. You need to take her home. I’ll make my way up to the cave and wait for you there. When you get her settled, you can come back for me.” 
“No.” Lydia said. “You can’t separate us. You can pull from my strength. I’m okay.” She wrapped one arm around Octavion and held the other out for Kira. “Come on, let’s go.”
Kira stepped back. “What about my blood. Luka will smell it.”
Octavion growled. “I’ll fight him off if I have to.”
Kira looked at her shoulder and her blood soaked shirt. “Take me to the clearing first. I’ll take off my top, wash off the blood and wrap my quilt around me. You can have your black T-shirt ready when I get to the cave. By then you’ll have the doorway open and your cousins will be on the other side and far enough away it won’t matter.” She turned to Lydia. And I’ll give you back Altaria, right?
Lydia nodded. Please don’t tell Octavion, he’ll be angry.
I won’t. Kira stepped into their arms and held tight.





Chapter Forty Eight

Octavion released Kira near her shelter. The last thing he wanted was for her blood to trigger his cousin’s hunger, but leaving her behind didn’t set well with him either—not with Shandira and that Royal still out there. “Be quick about this, Kira.”
“I will. Now go, I’m right behind you.” 
He hesitated for a long moment. He didn’t want to let her out of his sight, but she was right about Luka’s cravings. Even though her blood hadn’t affected Octavion as much after she’d healed his leg, he felt its draw now. The back of his throat burned as her scent grew stronger.
“Octavion, you need to go. Get Lydia to safety and grab something else for me to wear. I can call Lydia if I get in trouble.”
“She’s okay,” Lydia said. “We need to hurry.”
Octavion and Lydia appeared a moment later in his lair. Cade was unconscious and lying on one of the animal pelts against the far wall. Kneeling next to him, Luka was completely transformed, a cloth held firmly to his mouth and nose. Octavion caught a whiff of one of his pungent concoctions—Luka’s attempt to mask Kira’s scent. 
“You need to get us out of here,” Luka said, his voice muffled by the damp cloth. “Cade’s injury may take his life if we do not get him help and I do not know how much longer I can control myself. I have never had so little control, not even when our moons are new.”
Octavion helped Lydia to the bench before digging through his trunk to retrieve the journey stone and a shirt. When he turned around, Kira stood in the cave entrance with her quilt wrapped around her shoulders. 
“Kira, do not move.” He tossed Lydia the shirt and began the intricate process of aligning the markings around the clear stone. He twisted it until the two slits that ran around the edge popped up and the colored lights seeped out, filling the room. He gave the object a twist and let go, leaving it to spin on its own.
A deep growl escaped Luka’s chest as a swirl of warm air rushed across Octavion’s face. A doorway grew from a small black hole to a vortex of light and misted shadows, the castle walls now visible through the opening. 
Octavion turned his back to the portal. Luka was on his knees, holding the rag to his face, his chest heaving with every breath. “Luka, get on the other side and I’ll hand Cade through.”
Luka didn’t answer. His eyes locked on Kira’s and the last stage of his transformation made him fumble for the cloth. He dropped it to the floor as the ends of his fingertips grew into razor sharp claws. He slowly stood, hunching over as if preparing to take down his prey.
“Luka!” Octavion grabbed the back of Luka’s shirt with one hand and his belt with the other, lifted him, and tossed him through the opening like a bale of straw. He landed on the stone floor of the castle courtyard and rolled to a stop next to a large fountain. 
“Lydia, help Kira with that shirt before bringing her through. I will get Cade.” Octavion lifted his cousin into his arms and stepped through the opening, pushing against the warm rush of air that swirled around him. By then, Luka was on his feet. He took his brother from Octavion’s arms and disappeared. 
Octavion wasn’t expecting what came next. Without warning, he began to transform. He’d given no thought to the fact that his cravings were stronger in his world or that he’d been gone for so long his resistance had changed. He stepped back away from the opening, knowing his desire to feed would increase when Kira’s scent filtered through the doorway. 
When Lydia stepped through the portal, Octavion reached out to help her, only to have her collapse into his arms. He lowered her to the ground as a gaping knife wound in her side began to bleed. His attention shifted to the doorway where he saw Kira’s muted figure. She was struggling to get away from Shandira’s hold, kicking and punching. Shandira delivered a quick blow to the side of Kira’s face knocking her into the journey stone. The frightening scene faded away, leaving nothing but a swirl of warm air in its place.





Chapter Forty Nine

The last thing Kira remembered hearing was Octavion’s ferocious roar. When she woke hours later, it was dark and she could hear muffled voices coming from outside the cave entrance. She recognized Shandira’s, but the others were unfamiliar to her. She rubbed her head, healing the large lump that pressed against her throbbing skull. Her shoulder was next and much easier. 
A single candle burning on the table near Octavion’s collection of potions kept the cave from falling into utter darkness. A quick glance told her she was alone. She couldn’t believe they hadn’t tied her up. Maybe they thought she was dead. 
Being careful not to make any noise, she crept to the wool blanket and pushed it aside. She quickly made her way to the inner room. Once there she felt her way to the door, untied the rope and slipped inside. She wrapped the rope around a jagged rock sticking out from the side of the cave. She knew it wouldn’t hold them back, but it might give her a few more seconds if they came for her.
She carefully slid her feet along the small corridor, feeling her way along the icy wall. Not far from where it opened wider, Kira caught her toe on something and stumbled, smacking her shoulder against a rock. She stayed upright, but the sudden surge of adrenaline ignited something inside her and she felt her eyes burn cold. The dark walls slowly came into view. 
At first it was like candlelight, barely illuminating the space in front of her, but after a few seconds it was as if the entire space was filled with a million fireflies, all flitting about and giving off a soft green light. It gave an eerie glow to the wall of ice. Now she could see the enormous size of the frigid cave and the cavern that opened up in the center. To her right rested the wooden crates she’d found before and beyond that another opening. She inched her way around the crates and along the wall, being careful not to slip from the narrow path. She heard the rush of water below her feet and felt a cold breeze swirling around her.
Only a few moments passed before the darkness returned. She blinked hard, trying to bring the light back before she realized it was a direct result of the adrenaline that surged through her when she stumbled. Closing her eyes, she focused on how angry she was at Shandira for attacking her and Lydia. When she opened her eyes again, she could see even more clearly than before. She smiled at her newfound gift and continued scooting along the wall.
Kira? 
She stopped and searched the cave. “Lydia?” she whispered.
Kira, are you all right? Can you hear me?
She forced back the tears. Yes, I’m here. Are you okay? I didn’t think this would work between our worlds. 
I’m so sorry. I should have let you go first. I saw Octavion’s face and thought it would be safer. Are you hurt?
I’m fine, Kira thought. I’m in the ice cave, trying to get over to the other opening so I can escape. Shandira and her men are blocking the entrance. I’ve got to get out of here.
Kira, you can’t go that way. It’s a dead end.
Wrapping her arms around herself, Kira tried to stop the shivering. How do I get out then? I can’t go back out there and I’ll freeze if I stay in here. 
There was a long pause before Lydia answered. Her thoughts seemed broken and jumbled. Jump . . . water will take you . . . falls. 
What? You’re not making any sense. Kira felt the Crystor warm around her wrist. Lydia, how bad are you hurt?
I’m okay. Gregor is trying to stitch it up. He wants to give me something for the pain, but it will make me sleep. I need to be awake for you . . . for Altaria.
With all the commotion, Kira had completely forgotten about Altaria. Can you hear Altaria? Can she hear you?
No, I tried, but there’s nothing.
Altaria, can you hear me? But only silence answered. “Altaria, can you hear my voice?” As she listened for a response, her shivering slowed and a warm sensation swelled within her. It continued until she felt as if she was completely engulfed in a thick wool blanket. It felt strange, almost foreign, like their souls had somehow bonded. Like finally, they were friends. 
“Okay, you can hear my voice and not my thoughts. That’s good.”
Lydia, she can hear me. Tell me what to do. Is Octavion there?
But Lydia didn’t answer.
Lydia?
Jump . . . the water will take you to the falls . . . it dumps out there. You need to be . . . careful . . . watch for jagged rocks. When you hear a loud rush . . . deep breath. Another long pause. Kira?
I’m still here. Then what?
Hurry. 
The urgency of Lydia’s thoughts caused her heart to race and her night vision to brighten. “Okay Al, this water’s gonna be really cold, so keep that warmth coming or we’ll never make it.” Kira stepped to the edge of the cavern and looked down. She couldn’t see the water, not even with her new gift of sight. 
An eruption of voices echoed through the narrow corridor. Shandira shrieked out several commands right before something solid hit the wooden door. Fear surged through Kira and for a brief moment, she couldn’t move. Then she heard door explode off the hinges and Shandira’s voice ordering her men to hunt her down. It was now or never. Kira took a deep breath, closed her eyes and jumped.
The water came sooner than she expected, drawing her down into its depths. She frantically kicked to the surface and gasped for her next breath. Rushing fast and wild, the underground river forced her into the jagged walls and pulled her under with its current. More than once, she had to duck to avoid being struck by low hanging rocks.  When her ears filled with the rush of the falls, she took a deep breath and held it. An instant later she was airborne as she shot out with the water and plummeted into the deep pond below. She came up flailing for something solid to cling to. Pulling herself up on the rocky ledge, she collapsed there, soaked and shivering violently. Whatever warmth Altaria had given her before had been lost in the frigid water.
“Al, I’m cold.” By the time Kira rung out her hair and shirt, the warmth had returned and so had most of her strength. Her determination to escape with her life propelled her forward with renewed confidence. 
After checking for leaches, she weighed her options, deciding to make her way down the narrow canyon to the meadow instead of hiding out at the falls. If Shandira’s men figured out she’d jumped, they’d be right behind her and she couldn’t risk being captured again. She’d have a better chance of getting out through the canyon.
Kira ventured down the trail that wound alongside the river. It didn’t take long for her to reach the place where Cade had hidden with a full view of the meadow. She scanned the canyon where the bodies still lay where they’d fallen. An eerie silence gave way to the rumbling of thunder in the distance. A flash of light, followed by a loud crash startled her enough to bring her to her knees. She had to be sure it was safe before going out in the open. She waited and watched.
Only a few moments had passed before she caught movement in front of her. The Royal that injured Cade was still alive. Kira ducked behind a rock. She had to get past him. It had been hours since the battle and he still lay exactly where he’d fallen, yet he’d not bled to death, nor had Shandira and her men come for him. It didn’t make any sense.
A clap of thunder made her jump. Her heart raced. She peeked around the edge of the rock and searched the area around the fallen man. A sword lay at his side. If she could get to it without him seeing her, she could finish him off and be on her way. She sat back on her heels and inhaled deeply. It was one thing to kill a man from a distance—quite another to do it face to face. She’d have to summon all her courage and try not to think about it—to just do it. Then she remembered he was a Royal. With his enhanced senses, he would surely hear her approaching. He probably already knew she was there.
She let out the breath she’d been holding. She had no choice. If she was to get away, he had to die. She slowly stood and walked the distance between them. As she approached, the man reached to his side and took the sword by the hilt. He made no attempt to lift it from the ground, but held it firm in his grip. 
“You are Octavion’s pet.” He breathed in, cringing with pain. “And now you mean to kill me.”
Kira didn’t respond. She knew she wasn’t as strong as him, but the adrenaline flowing inside her was fueled by Octavion’s blood, and it boiled within her. Like when she shot Luka, she didn’t even think about what she was doing—she let instinct be her guide. She took the two steps to his side, kicked the sword from his weak grip, and bent to pick it up. It took both hands to lift it from the ground, the heavy point dragging across the dirt before she brought it up in front of her and let the tip rest over his heart. 
A sinister grin crossed his face. “They are coming now. You will not escape.” 
Another loud crack came from behind her, but this time there was no flash of light. The sound echoed off the walls of the canyon and didn’t seem to stop. It was enough of a distraction for the man to grab Kira’s ankle and pull her off balance. He grabbed the blade between his palms and pushed it from his chest. Kira stumbled back, dropping the sword.
With another crack, the canyon filled with a bright flash of light. Near the creek, a funnel cloud appeared. Coming closer and closer to the ground, it stirred a strong wind that snapped small branches from nearby trees and sent them flying into the whirlwind. 
As it touched down, it turned on its side and slowed. The center opened up to expose a black hole. Another portal to Ophira? she wondered. Kira’s senses began to shut down and she realized more Royals were coming. She jumped to her feet and took off running toward the trees, passing the man she’d killed with her arrow. She managed to get to an outcropping of rocks before she heard men’s voices yelling and cursing. Ducking behind one of the boulders, she tried to catch her breath. 
Some of the voices seemed to get further away, but one she heard clearly, and he was close. 
“I have found Eros,” he yelled. 
Kira leaned around the rock. There was a mass of underbrush between her and the voices, but she could still see fragments of the canyon through the branches. Not far off, a young man lifted the dead Royal from the ground, then vanished, reappearing an instant later near the opening of the funnel. He handed the limp body to an older man. A few seconds later, the young one knelt near the man Kira tried to kill. He leaned down and listened to what the man whispered. Slowly, his rescuer lifted his head and looked in Kira’s direction. He drew in a deep breath and smiled. He’d caught her scent.
“Draego! Collect your cousin. We must go.” A man near the opening raised his hand into the air and motioned toward the funnel.
“Another day, perhaps,” Draego promised Kira, his voice carrying easily over the distance. He transformed, exposing his teeth in a snarl. Then he was gone.
Kira couldn’t move. She wanted to run, but she couldn’t take her eyes off the scene in the canyon. Several men had stepped through the hole into the meadow, collected the bodies and were now being sucked into the funnel one by one like they were at the end of a powerful vacuum. Only two remained when Shandira appeared, ordering the men to hold the doorway open until she could collect her men. Draego stepped from the opening and blocked Shandira’s path to the hole. There were no words, but Kira understood what was going on. 
He’d refused her entry. 
Shandira vanished, reappearing an instant later near the entrance, but Draego was faster. He took her to the ground and held her there until the rest of his men had been drawn into the funnel. He let go and dove for the opening as it sealed shut. The force of the wind was so strong Kira had to tuck her hand into a crevice in the rock to keep from losing her balance. It lasted several seconds before the funnel blended into the storm clouds with another flash of light and deafening crack of thunder. The ground trembled under Kira’s feet for a moment—and then, suddenly, the eerie silence engulfed the canyon once more. 
Shandira still lay on the ground, holding a wound in her stomach. She rolled onto her elbow and pushed to her feet. She glanced to where the funnel opening had disappeared before slowly turning her focus in Kira’s direction. Her face twisted into a mask of hatred and rage.
“Al, we’re in trouble.” Kira whispered. She was pretty sure Draego had given her location away, but regardless, she had to get out of there.  
Kira wasn’t ready for what came next, nor was she surprised. Shandira disappeared from the meadow; Kira sprang to her feet and took off toward the boulders where she’d hidden during the battle. If she could get to her bow, she might have a chance against Shandira. She was half way there when Shandira’s sudden appearance affected her senses. Kira’s legs sluggishly fought to move through the dark fog that surrounded her as Shandira blocked her way. 
Kira changed direction to avoid her, but was blocked when Shandira appeared in front of her again. She grabbed Kira by the neck and took her down in an explosion of fury, her razor sharp teeth only inches from Kira’s face. 
“Let go of me!” Kira struggled to get loose, but Shandira’s hold on her was too powerful. Kira had landed on her back with Shandira straddling her hips. She had both her arms pinned to the ground. Kira kicked and squirmed, but Shandira didn’t budge. She merely smiled. 
“Perhaps you are ready to meet my new friends. They like feisty, little things.” She jumped to her feet and jerked Kira from the ground. When they leapt to a wooded area, Shandira threw Kira to the ground, her face in the dirt.
“Here boys, I brought you a gift.” Shandira laughed, giving a swift kick to Kira’s ribs. 
The pain seized the first breath Kira managed to take after the violent leap and left her gasping for air. Grabbing her side, she pulled her legs up underneath her and brought her head up just enough to see two sets of boots. The Darkhords—Zerek and Nigel. 
“A tasty treat,” Zerek said. He grabbed her hair and pulled her up to face him. “Don’t fight me.”
Shandira grabbed at her stomach again, this time stumbling back against a tree. “Tie her up and don’t let her out of your sight.” Her face paled more with every word.
Kira took a swing at Zerek’s face, barely missing. He grabbed her wrist and twisted it behind her, sending a jolt of pain through her shoulder. 
“Stop,” she cried. 
“Perhaps she could be of use to you Princess,” Zerek said. “She is your sister’s healer.”
“Is this true? You can heal?” Shandira still leaned against the tree, glaring at Kira from behind several strands of long dark hair. She pulled up her blood soaked shirt to reveal a make-shift bandage wrapped around her middle, the stained section in the center slowly growing.
“No,” Kira said. “He’s lying.”
Shandira leaned forward and pushed up the hem of Kira’s shirt. “If he’s lying, where is your wound?” 
“You missed.”
“Then why do I smell your blood?” Shandira let go of Kira’s shirt, slipped her dagger from its sheath and touched the point of the blade to Kira’s throat. “Heal me, or I will slit your throat.”
“Go ahead, kill me. I don’t care.”
Shandira smiled. “Perhaps you will change your mind after I let these boys have their way with you.”
Zerek leaned close to Kira’s ear, a sweat-soaked lock of hair flopping over his face. “Don’t worry about them, they won’t want you when I am finished.” Then he kissed her full on the lips and cupped his hand over her breast.
Kira felt Octavion’s blood boiling insider her as she shoved him away. “Don’t touch me!” When he leaned in for another kiss, she twisted around, delivering a swift kick to his leg and drove her shoulder into his chest. He stumbled back, hitting his arm against a tree. The force of the blow loosened his grip on Kira’s arm and she was free. She grabbed the dagger at his side and thrust it out in front of her. 
Shandira laughed. “Cael, she’s all yours.”
The Royal who’d escaped from Octavion appeared, grabbed the knife and picked Kira up by the front of her shirt. He held her there long enough to draw in her scent before tossing her aside. She hit the dirt and rolled, striking her back on a stump. It took her a minute before she could refill her lungs, but by then Cael had her on her feet with his hand knotted in her hair. He pulled her head back with a jerk and brought his face close to hers. “Run again. I’d love to avenge my brother. Or, don’t you see the resemblance.”
She’d never seen him that close before, only from a distance in the canyon. Now that they were closer, she could see it—he looked just like Bastian. Both had long dark hair, pulled back at the nape of their neck. High cheek bones set off the thick black lashes that surrounded their evil stares. Even their voices were similar. “Bastian . . . is your brother?”
He smiled. “She’s a smart one. Perhaps we should keep her as a pet.”
“She’s wild,” Zerek said. “We’d have to tame her.”
“But the rewards would be sweet,” Cael said. His laugh was deep and throaty, like someone had stuffed a bag of rocks down his throat. 
“Enough,” Shandira ordered. The color had completely washed from her face and she seemed to have trouble keeping her balance. “Nigel, help me to the cave. Cael, you and Zerek bring her in. If she gives you any trouble, break her legs. That should keep her from running.”
Kira hadn’t realized they were so close to Octavion’s lair. She’d come full circle.
Nigel helped Shandira onto a pile of pelts while Cael forced Kira to the ground next to her. “This better be your best work. I’m quite inventive when it comes to torture.”
Kira nodded. She felt the warmth within her increasing and knew it was Altaria’s way of telling her not to do it. When that didn’t stop Kira, a slight pressure began to push against her chest and her heartbeat increased. “Al, stop,” she said under her breath.
Shandira’s eyes shot up. “What did you say to me?”
“I said, ‘I’ll stop.’ I won’t run.” The pressure subsided and her pulse slowed.
Shandira lay back on the makeshift bed and pulled up her shirt. “Cael, help me with this.” Several thin strips of linen wrapped around her waist, holding the bandage in place. Cael drew his knife and slipped it next to her skin, cutting the fabric so the bandage could fall away.
Zerek shoved Kira forward. “Heal her.” 
“It’s not that simple. It takes a lot of energy and it’ll be very painful for both of us.” Kira sat back on her heals and looked down at Shandira. “Are you sure you want me to do this?”
Shandira groaned. “Nonsense. I’ve taken much more pain than you could possibly cause.”
Kira tried not to smile. What she had planned for her captor would be sweet revenge. The heat rose inside Kira’s body and she knew Altaria was giving her the added strength it took to give her sister what she deserved—a massive jolt of excruciating healing from the Crystor. Kira placed her hand on the wound, pooled all her energy into her healing and didn’t hold back. She could feel Octavion’s blood burn through her veins, her eyes sear from the cold and her heart slam its erratic rhythm against her ribs with each agonizing beat. Shandira collapsed into unconsciousness. 
Completely spent, Kira slumped to the dirt floor of the cave, unable to move. She’d delivered the blow Shandira deserved, even if it had cost Kira all her strength in the process.





Chapter Fifty

Zerek stood near the cave entrance whittling on a piece of wood while Shandira slept. He’d tied Kira’s hands behind her back with a thick strip of leather and forced her to the ground next to one of the book shelves. While trying not to anger her captors, she’d managed to overhear several interesting facts about the Darkords. 
For one thing, the process of becoming a Darkord was slow and agonizing, during which time they lost most of their Royal gifts. Zerek had been a Darkord for a couple years and had lost his ability to travel; though he could still share his thoughts with his brother, Nigel. Even though he was much bigger, Nigel was the younger of the two and had only been a Darkord for a few months. He could still share his thoughts, but traveling was difficult and he could only take himself a short distance. He’d also lost the ability to speak. Apparently his gift had something to do with his voice. Zerek teased him endlessly about being mute, and Nigel let him. 
It didn’t take long to notice Nigel seemed different than the others—hesitant to help in their cause and quick to distract Cael and Zerek when they taunted Kira. She wondered how much of his turning against Luka had been Zerek’s idea and if Nigel had followed along out of loyalty to his older brother.
When Shandira woke, she sent the men out of the cave so she could change into one of Altaria’s outfits she’d found while rummaging through a trunk. Before taking off her pants, she emptied her pockets onto the table. Kira couldn’t see most of the items, but she did recognize one thing—the heart pendant she’d ripped from Altaria’s neck. Kira’s body warmed and her pulse quickened. 
“I know,” Kira whispered. “I see it too.”
Kira thought about the story they’d told her about the necklace and how it was created for their mother who was a commoner—Kira was a commoner. For the first time since she’d been captured, a flicker of hope rose up in her. If she could get to the necklace, maybe she could speak to Octavion and get some help. 
When Zerek came back into the cave, Shandira ordered him to tell the other men to collect the weapons and any of Octavion’s things that might be useful—she wanted to leave before dark. Within seconds, all three men returned and began gathering the books and collections of bottles and boxes from the wooden shelves. Kira kept her eye on the necklace, but no one picked it up. Slowly, she scooted closer to the shelves until she could touch the base with her foot. The men were paying attention to Shandira who was barking orders for them to hurry—so Kira gave the towering shelf a shove. It teetered precariously for a moment before crashing to the floor and knocking the table over. What remained of the bottles scattered around the room, some exploding glass and liquid onto Shandira’s clean pants. 
“Cael!” Shandira screeched. “Have you no brain?”
Cael had been the closest when the shelf fell and tried to catch it. Now he was bent over, picking it up off the floor. It gave the appearance that he’d sent everything crashing to the ground. “I did not touch it,” he yelled back.
Kira managed to scoot back to her place unnoticed, so when Cael turned his focus on her with his questioning look, she shrugged. No one bothered to pick up the scattered bottles, nor did they notice the necklace among the rubble.
“If you untie my hands, I’ll clean up the mess,” Kira said. She had to get that necklace. 
“You think me a fool?” Shandira said, brushing off the front of her pants.
“No, I’m offering to help. My shoulders and arms ache from being in one position so long and I thought if you tied my hands in front, I could help pick up the mess. At least it would give me something to do.” Kira clumsily got to her feet using the overturned table for support. “Besides, healing you took all my strength. I couldn’t run if I wanted to.”
Shandira looked at her suspiciously. “Untie her but don’t let her out of your sight,” she told Zerek. 
Kira turned her back to Zerek so he could cut her bindings. As he did, he also removed her healing pack and tossed it in one of the boxes near the door. He grabbed her by the hair and pushed her to the ground. “Be quick about it.” 
Kira grabbed a small box and made her way through the bottles, retrieving the ones that had survived. As soon as they turned their backs, she carefully tucked the pendant into her back pocket, almost being caught when Shandira came through the cave entrance. 
“We are done here. I need to feed.”
Kira held her hands out in front of her. “You can tie me back up now.”
Shandira smiled, a flicker of disbelief in her eyes. “Being submissive are we? An act, I’m sure.” Stepping closer, she took Kira’s hand and, without warning, pulled her into a violent and painful leap.
When they appeared inside a large wooden structure, Cael and Zerek were waiting. Zerek grabbed her hands in front and tied them together, cinching the leather around her wrists. “Where do you want her?” he asked.
“Throw her in with the beast. He hasn’t eaten for a while,” Shandira said with a smirk.
Zerek turned Kira around and forced her to follow Cael. They were in an old barn—stars shone through the holes in the roof and several of the stalls were missing doors. A damp musty odor filled her nose.
“Move,” Zerek ordered. He kicked her backside, knocking her into Cael who turned and hit Kira across the face with the back of his hand. She stumbled into one of the wooden support beams. It took her a second to regain her balance and stand. Her cheek burned, but she refused to let the tears come. 
Cael grabbed the handle of a red metal door and slid it to the side. He clutched the front of Kira’s shirt and tossed her into a dark room, slamming the door closed behind her. The bolt latched. 
The other part of the barn had been well lit with lanterns, but the only light in this room was from the moon shining through a small barred window. A ferocious roar from the other side of the room thundered in Kira’s ears and sent her scrambling against the wall. As she drew from her gift and adjusted her eyes to see, a white figure came into view. 
“Toran?” Kira’s heart leapt in her chest. She started toward him, but he came at her, his razor sharp teeth gleaming in the dark. Kira stopped short. She heard the solid clank of chains, followed by his painful cry. Taking a step back, she slumped to the dirty straw covered floor. Kira’s heart sank. Why had he done that? They were friends.
Toran’s matted fur was a mass of bloody streaks mingled with solid black stripes. The heavy chain that clanked in a ring on the wall pulled at his collar which seemed to be the main source of his pain. How could they be so cruel? They’d referred to him as the beast, but he was the gentlest creature Kira had ever met—man included.
“Toran, buddy. It’s me . . . Kira.” She thought of how horrified Octavion would be to see his friend in so much pain and held captive by chains. She remembered the chains that bound Octavion and how Toran had hid himself during that healing process. Had seeing Octavion bound like this been too much for him? 
Thinking of that day reminded Kira of the pendant. She twisted her body, trying desperately to reach her back pocket, but having her hands tied in front made it impossible. The increased adrenaline she summoned to see better, ignited her temper. She doubled both her fists and gave the wall a hard punch, sending dirt and straw raining down from the rafters. 
Toran growled, exposing his teeth again.
“I’m sorry buddy. I didn’t mean to scare you.” She inched her way toward him. She wasn’t afraid, but she didn’t want him to be either. She’d rather be eaten alive by Toran than killed at the hands of Shandira and her allies. Kira slowly offered her hands so he could take in her scent, keeping her distance. “Toran. It’s okay. You can trust me.” 
His eyes met hers and she thought she saw a flicker of recognition.  He growled.
“Shh. I owe you a rub down, remember?” 
He cautiously reached with his paw as if testing her sincerity. She stroked his filthy fur with the tips of her fingers. “That’s my boy.” She scooted closer and buried her hands in the fur behind his whiskers. He leaned into her hands and purred. The tears she’d held back moments before came easily now. She wasn’t alone after all. She stayed there for a few minutes, content with touching him and giving him what comfort she could. 
Eventually, Toran rolled over onto his side. She nudged a little closer—testing his boundaries—then stroked his fur, stopping when her fingers tangled in mats of dried blood. “Oh, Toran. I’m so sorry they did this to you.” As hard as she tried, she couldn’t summon enough power to heal him. Completely spent, she curled up between his front and back legs with her back against his stomach. The warmth and security of his body helped her release her tension and fear, and the constant rhythm of his purr soothed her to sleep.





Chapter Fifty One

Kira woke when she felt Toran’s body stiffen. As he stood, he growled deep in his throat and exposed his upper teeth in a snarl. 
“What is it boy?” Muffled voices carried from the other side of the metal door, but Kira couldn’t make out what they said. When they stopped and the barn fell silent, the door slid open and Cael and Zerek strolled in. Nigel stood by the door, his arms folded across his chest. She saw disappointment and regret in his eyes before he looked away.
Toran jumped to his feet and lunged for Cael, only to cry out as the chain yanked him back. Sunlight streamed through the window—shining on the source of Toran’s pain. The thick leather collar held metal blades against his neck. Whenever he pulled, the blades drove into his flesh. In addition to the fresh blood matted at his throat, long gashes sliced across his back. Kira tried not to think of the torture he’d endured at the hands of these monsters. 
Zerek held a leather whip in his hand. He’d coiled it like a rope, but when Toran dove for him, he dropped all but the handle and snapped it in the air. Toran cowered before jumping at him again. This time the whip hit him square across the face. Toran cried out and slumped to the floor.
“Stop it!” Kira begged. She crawled to Toran, examining his fresh wound. Laying her hand over the injury, she tried to heal it, but nothing happened, not even a hint of burn from the Crystor.
“The Princess would like a word with you.” Zerek snapped the whip again.
“She’s no princess—far from it,” Kira said. 
Zerek laughed. “Perhaps you should be the one to inform her of that.”
“Why? Are you afraid of her?” She stood and leaned against the wall, leaving Toran between them. 
“When you see what she has planned for you, you’ll change your attitude.” Zerek held out his whip again, ready to strike. “Come with us, or I will whip him ‘til he’s dead.”
Kira took a step toward them. “You touch him and I’ll scratch your eyes out.”
Zerek pulled back the whip and gave it a flick in Toran’s direction. It made a loud snap above his head. “You choose. Go with us or he dies.”
“Fine, I’ll go.” Toran lurched to his feet and growled at Zerek again, pulling against the chains. Kira buried her bound hands in his fur and stroked his back. “It’s okay, I’ll be right back.” 
Zerek laughed. “She speaks to the beast as if he understands. Perhaps she has a gift.”

* * * * *

At the opposite end of the barn, a doorway opened into a large room, much bigger than Kira had expected. Unlike the rest of the barn, which had dirt and straw for a floor, this section had a solid slab of concrete. Panels of stainless steel sheeting lined the walls where three small, barred windows provided ample light. 
On the right side was a long metal table with a lamp hanging above it that reminded her of an operating room. Behind that, a long section of counter stood with two deep sinks dividing it down the middle. 
The ceiling was much like the rest of the barn, with open rafters, but they’d been painted white. An elaborate pulley system hung from one of the beams in the middle of the room and held a thick chain and leather straps with buckles. Everything in the room looked old and worn, but clean.
Shandira sat near a small table on the left side of the room. In the corner, a mattress lay on the floor, covered with several of the fine tapestries she’d seen in Octavion’s and Lydia’s possessions. Next to the bed, a series of built-in shelves held several of Octavion’s small glass and metal containers and wooden boxes.
Shandira stood as they entered the room. “Bring her here,” she instructed. She stepped to the shelf closest to her bed and pulled down a small box. As Zerek shoved Kira into a chair, Shandira dropped the box onto the table.
Zerek ran his fingers through Kira’s hair and bent to kiss her. She swung her arms around and hit him in the thigh, then jumped to her feet to run. Zerek grabbed her, sat in the chair with Kira on his lap and held both her arms by wrapping her tight in his embrace.
“Try to run now.” He threw his head back and laughed, his hot, putrid breath washing over her. 
His right arm held her just above her chest. She tucked in her chin, leaned forward and sank her teeth into his skin, taking in a mouth full of his blood. She pushed off with her feet and arched her back, sending both her and Zerek backward onto the floor. Zerek hit the ground first, the back of his head striking with a sickening thud. With the wind knocked out of him, his grip around her loosened. Kira rolled away and ran for the door. 
Shandira appeared in front of her, arms folded across her chest. “Going somewhere?” She grinned. “Tie her to the chair if you have to.” 
Kira tried to push Shandira aside, but Cael grabbed her from behind and threw her over his shoulder. Zerek stood near the table with the righted chair. He held onto the back of it while Cael forced Kira to sit.
“Let go of me,” Kira yelled, the metallic taste of Zerek’s blood still fresh on her lips. 
Zerek cut the rope around her wrists and pulled her hands around behind the back of the chair while Cael bound them together, cinching them tight. 
“It’s too tight,” she complained. 
“That’s what you get for running,” Zerek said. 
Shandira opened the box and took out a small tapestry bag with a black cord. “I don’t suppose you’d like to have this?” She dangled the bag in front of Kira’s face.
Opening the end, Shandira slipped her hand inside and pulled out the journey stone. “My brother was so busy worrying about your scent he didn’t see me hiding in his lair. Too bad he didn’t care enough to save you.” She placed the stone on the table in front of Kira. “Now . . . tell me how it works.”
“I don’t know,” Kira lied.
“If you know what this is, you know how to use it. He must have shown you.” She flicked it with her finger, making it spin on the table. 
“It’s from your world,” Kira said. “Why can’t you figure it out?” 
“It will not work for me. It is . . . temperamental. But for you, it may.” 
“They only showed it to me and said it opened the way to their world. They said it was too dangerous to use. They never told me how.”  
“You’re lying.” Shandira paced the floor. “I know him. He would have shown you.” She paused for a moment and stepped closer, placing both hands on the table. Slowly leaning across, she glared into Kira’s eyes. At first Kira saw only anger, but then confusion and surprise took over. “How are your eyes that color?” Shandira looked away, as if staring at them caused her pain.
“I was born with them. Maybe you should ask my mother—if you can find her.” Kira knew the minute she said the words, she shouldn’t have. She’d spat them out with a little too much attitude.
Zerek stepped closer. “She’s lying. Luka told us her eyes got that way when Octavion bound himself to her. It is his blood that caused the change.”
“Is this true?” she asked Kira.
“No, his blood did more harm than good. I can’t even heal anymore without my heart hurting.” 
Shandira grinned. “You are lying. What other gifts did his blood give you?”
Kira pulled against the ropes, trying to loosen the ones around her wrists. “Untie me and let me show you—in a fair fight, not with your cowardly disappearing act.”
Shandira came around the table and backhanded Kira across the face. It was the same cheek Cael hit the night before and the force behind the punch knocked Kira senseless for moment. Shandira picked up the journey stone, slid it into the pouch and tossed it onto her bed. 
“Maybe what you need is a little persuasion.” An evil smirk crossed her face. “Zerek. Perhaps a few lashings will loosen her memory.”
“No!” Kira screamed, pulling against the ropes and causing the knots to tighten. 
Zerek grabbed the rope that held her and untied it enough to free her from the chair, but her hands remained bound behind her back. Cael took hold of one of the leather straps that was suspended from the center of the room, meeting with Shandira’s rebuke.
“Not in here, you idiots. I don’t want her blood soiling my floor.” 
Cael picked Kira up, threw her over his shoulder, and carried her back to the stall. When they entered, Toran let out a ferocious roar and pulled against the chain. Then he cowered away and whimpered—only to do it again and again. 
Once they retied Kira’s hands in front and suspended her from one of the rafters with a length of rope, Cael grabbed the back of her shirt and ripped it open. Kira looked up at her bound hands and the rope suspending her from the rafters and panic set in—this was the scene she’d envisioned when climbing the rope at school. Fear seized every muscle in her body as she struggled to pull her hands free while kicking her feet wildly toward Zerek and Cael.
When the first thrash of the whip struck her back, Kira screamed and Toran leapt at Zerek, catching the back of Zerek’s thigh with his sharp claws. He stumbled against the far wall, dropping the whip. Cael picked it up and continued the gruesome assault. 
Kira’s cries sent Toran into a wild frenzy. He pulled harder and harder against the chain, driving the blades of the collar even deeper into his neck. On his last attempt to save Kira, he leapt into the air, hit the end of the chain and collapsed onto the ground, the horrible sound of air and blood gurgling through his throat. 
“Toran!” Kira cried, but the big cat lay still. 
Cael continued to whip her, one strike after another, until Kira had spent all her energy screaming. She’d never felt so much pain, not even when she’d healed her own wounds. When Cael finally cut her down, she landed square on her back—the sudden surge of pain as the open wounds hit the dirt, knocked her breathless.
Cael’s roar told her he’d transformed from the scent of her blood—but somehow he’d managed to suppress his desires long enough to get out of the room. She heard the scuff of their steps, the door slammed shut and the bolt latch. She didn’t dare move until she heard their voices on the other side. 
Kira’s trembling body went limp and for several moments she lay motionless. She wasn’t sure how many times she blacked out, or even if she had, only that the pain brought her alert with each labored breath. Slowly, she rolled to her side and tried to heal bleeding welts on her back—but the Crystor remained dormant, useless. 
“Al, are you still here? I’m cold.” Kira knew she’d barely whispered her plea, but hoped Altaria could understand, could help her in some way. But no warmth came to comfort her. Every last ounce of energy, every last hope, had been beaten out of her and she had nothing left to give. She thought she’d spent all her tears until she reached for Toran and felt the warmth of his fur between her fingers. He’d died trying to save her life. But he wasn’t the only one she’d let down.
Lydia? I’m so sorry. As Kira continued to share her thoughts, getting none in return, she gave into sleep. The kind of sleep that brought nightmares and visions she couldn’t escape from. The kind of sleep that broke her heart, destroyed her dreams and captured her will to live.





Chapter Fifty Two

When Kira woke, someone had thrown the rope that still held her wrists together up over the rafters, and tied it off on a metal hook near the door. They’d sat her up and leaned her against the wall, giving her enough slack so she could barely rest her elbows at her sides. Her hands hung suspended in front of her face.
She leaned forward, trying to relieve the pressure on her back, but it only drew more attention to the pain as the fresh scabs cracked. Her wrists and shoulders throbbed as they pulled against the rope. 
Kira spent the rest of the day sitting in the same place, her eyes burning from the tears she shed. By nightfall she found it more comfortable to stand. At least she could relax her arms and the tension on the rope around her wrists. She was hungry, thirsty, and still too weak to heal her back. “Al, are you still here?” This time her body filled with warmth and Kira’s tears flowed freely. “I wish you could talk to me. I don’t know what to do and I feel so alone.” 
Kira shifted her weight to the other foot, then tried to loosen the ropes around her wrists. The knots were too tight to undo with her teeth, but she managed to make them a little more bearable and they weren’t putting pressure on the Crystor anymore. That was her main concern—that’s all Lydia needed was more pain.
For most of the night, she tried contacting Lydia—without response. Kira couldn’t think about what that meant, that the Crystor didn’t work because they were no longer bound—or that Lydia was dead. 
When morning came, so did the flies and insects. Toran’s bloody and beaten body was infested with them and the odor of rotting flesh made breathing almost impossible. It didn’t take long for the open cuts on Kira’s back to draw them as well. The only way she could protect her back was to lean against the wall and keep pressure on the tender wounds. The rough and splintered wood dug into her raw flesh, but the pain was better than the alternative. 
By the afternoon of the third day, she started to panic. It had been almost two full days since she’d heard any voices or movement from inside the barn. What if they’d left her to die? Kira spent the rest of the day and throughout the night alternating between crying hysterically and numbly staring at nothing. 
When the room began to lighten on the morning of the fourth day, she heard faint voices—Shandira barking orders at Zerek. Using the rope to pull herself up, Kira stepped as close to the door as her restraints would allow. 
“Somebody!” Her scream was a raspy whisper. She cleared her throat and swallowed. “Please . . . I need . . . water.”
Male voices and quick footsteps echoed down the narrow corridor and approached Kira’s stall. A moment later, the latch slid to the side, but instead of the door opening, she heard a scuffle and a solid thud against the door. Kira jumped back and pulled harder against the rope, but it didn’t budge. 
“Did you not hear your orders?” Cael yelled. “You were told to leave her be.”
There was a long pause, followed by Cael’s voice again. “I don’t care if she dies. She is no use to us now. She deserves to rot with the beast for what she did to my brother.”
The uncomfortable silence that followed told Kira it was Nigel on the other side of that door. Why would he go up against Cael to help her? 
Kira heard an explosion of fists hitting solid muscle, punctuated by swearing and grunts of exertion. The fight continued, with no suggestion of who held the upper hand—until she heard the cry of a wild cat and knew Cael had transformed. A moment later, there was only silence. Without the ability to transform, Nigel didn’t have a chance.
Kira stared at the red door and smiled, causing her dry, cracked lips to sting. Just my luck, she thought. “Here’s a good one, Al. The door’s unlatched and I could probably sneak out unnoticed . . . if I weren’t tied up.” This time there was no warmth, only a cold chill. “Aaaaah!” She gave one last pull on the rope and slumped back to the floor
The day passed away and Kira had almost talked herself into speeding the process along by winding the rope around her neck—except her death would also mean the end of Altaria. She knew she had to stay alive as long as she could if there was any hope of saving her. If there was any chance at all of returning her spirit to Lydia, Kira couldn’t give up. 
The night grew unnaturally calm, warning that a Royal approached. She prepared herself for Cael and the death he would bring her. “I’m sorry Al,” she whispered. Kira turned to face the door, using the last of her strength to raise her chin. He could kill her, but she wouldn’t cower like a mouse when he did.
But it was Nigel who appeared near the door. His right eye was bruised and swollen as was his bottom lip. Kira clumsily stood and backed away, flinching when her back struck the wall behind her. 
“What do you want?” she asked, her weak body trembling. “Haven’t you done enough?”
He held a finger to his lips.
Kira shook her head. “No! I’ll scream if you come any closer.”
Nigel retreated, increasing the distance between them. It was then that she noticed something in his outstretched hand—a leather water bag. 
Kira lurched forward, grabbed the bag out of his hand, then backed away again. She pulled out the cork and clamped her tender lips over the opening, taking several large gulps before Nigel pulled it away. He shook his head.
“I don’t care if it makes me sick,” Kira whispered. She took a few more swigs, then held it against her chest. 
Nigel reached into his pocket and pulled out a piece of cloth. He peeled back the corners to reveal a small chunk of cheese and a few grapes. Like a starving child, she grabbed at the morsels and scarfed them down.
“Thank you,” she said after drinking more of the water.
Nigel nodded, reaching for the water bag, which she pulled away again.
“No, I need this.”
Nigel shook his head and pointed to the door.
Kira sighed. “You don’t want them to know you’ve been here.”
He shook his head again.
She took another drink, splashed some of it on her hands and face to wash off the blood and dirt, and handed it back to him. “You’re not gonna take me out of here?”
His brow furrowed in frustration before he glanced back at the door, then disappeared. 
Kira’s stomach churned. It had been so long since she’d eaten anything, she wasn’t sure she’d be able to keep it down. Within the hour, she’d lost it. She spent the rest of the night trying to get some sleep with her throbbing back against the wall. Most of the wounds she couldn’t reach because her hands were still tied, but the two near her neck felt swollen and oozed with puss. If starvation didn’t kill her, infection probably would.
At first light, Nigel appeared again with more water and an apple. This time Kira took it slow, hoping to keep it down long enough for her to get some of her strength back. When she returned the water bag, she kept her hands out in front of him. 
“Please untie me. I can’t sleep like this and I’m so tired. They’ll never know. They don’t even check on me.”
Nigel shook his head again.
“Then why are you doing this? Why prolong my life by bringing me food and water? Let me die. Better yet, kill me. Take out your knife and slit my throat. I can’t do this anymore, please.” She reached out and grabbed the sleeve of his shirt. “Please, Nigel. Just end it.”
Nigel pulled away, clenched his fists and paced the floor in front of her. His gaze flicked between the door and her hands. Finally, he stepped to the hook where the rope was secured and yanked it out of the wall. Splintered wood flew to the ground and onto the front of his vest. He brushed it away, threw the rope up over the rafters and loosened the knots with his teeth, releasing her. 
“Thank you.” Kira rubbed her swollen wrists and tried to heal them. She couldn’t figure it out—she couldn’t call on even a tingle of healing. 
Nigel pointed to the Crystor and to the rope burns.
“I can’t heal them. Something’s wrong—it doesn’t work.”
He pointed to her back with a questioning expression.
“No, I can’t heal my back either.”
This time he stepped behind her. He gently lifted her hair to the side, pulling several strands loose from the tender scabs. Kira tensed and moaned from the pain. He let her hair drop, hit the wall with his fist and vanished.
Kira didn’t waste any time wondering if he would come back. She reached in her back pocket, retrieved the necklace and held it between her hands.
Octavion, can you hear me? Please answer. I need you. 
Kira! Are you all right? Are you hurt?
You’re there. You’re really there. Tears filled her eyes and she sobbed, her fears momentarily washed away with the hope his voice gave her. I’m hurt real bad and the Crystor’s not working. Shandira’s got me locked up. I need help. Please, tell me what to do.
Where are you? 
I don’t know. It was dark when she brought me here—it’s an old barn. Kira clumsily stood, stumbled to the door and gave it a yank—but it didn’t budge. Someone had thrown the bolt during the night. She slumped back to the ground, cringing when the muscles in her back tightened across her wounds. Octavion . . . I’m scared.
I know you are, but you have to stay focused. I need you to be strong. 
Strong? Kira looked down at the cuts and bruises on her hands and wrists. She’d fought with everything she had and only made things worse. I can’t. There are too many of them. I tried to fight back—I swear I did—but then Zerek beat me with his whip and— 
The Darkords are there? Octavion interrupted her thoughts.
Yes, but only Zerek hurt me. Nigel brought me water and food. He’s the only one who’s shown any compassion or remorse for what they’ve done. 
There was a long pause before Octavion responded. Kira, I can’t get to you without the journey stone. Have you seen it? Do you know where it is?
Yeah, Shandira’s got it, but she can’t get it to work and I refused to help her. 
You have to get it from her. It will work for you. You need to open the portal or I can’t help. There’s no other way.
Kira wiped the tears from her face. I’ll try, but . . . 
I know you hurt, but you have to dig deep, find that stubborn streak I love so well. You can do this, Kira. Find the stone. Open the portal. 
“Shandira wants her now,” Zerek yelled from outside the door. 
They’re coming. 
Kira! Get out of there! Get to the stone!
It was all she heard before slipping the pendant and chain back in her pocket. 
When the door slid open and Zerek stepped into the room, his eyes were black. 
“Can you walk, or shall I drag you?”
Kira pushed herself up to her knees, paused there to gain her balance and slowly straightened to her feet. “I’ll walk.”





Chapter Fifty Three

Nothing had changed in the white room, except maybe Shandira. Her eyes were swollen and bloodshot, like she hadn’t slept for days. “String her up—I don’t want her getting loose.”
Cael tossed the end of the rope over a rafter and pulled it tight. He suspended her about six inches from the ground and a couple feet away from the contraption of chains and leather. Cael finished securing the rope and approached Kira, his eyes on fire. He leaned in and drew in a breath, taking in her scent. Kira swung her foot up and kicked him in the chest. 
“Enough!” Shandira yelled. 
Cael twisted Kira to face Shandira who grabbed Kira’s pants by the front pockets and began searching them. 
“Where is it?” Shandira asked. 
“Get away from me.” Kira tried to kick her, but missed. 
Shandira grasped Kira’s throat and squeezed. “Do not test me. I know you have the necklace.” 
“I don’t have it. I saw you lay it on the table in the cave when you emptied your pockets. It must have fallen on the floor when Cael knocked over the book case.” 
“You’re lying. How else would Octavion know the extent of your injuries?” 
“Why are you doing this? Wasn’t killing your sister enough?” It was the only thing Kira could think that might get her released. If Shandira thought she’d succeeded in killing Lydia, maybe her reason for keeping Kira would be gone.
“In the beginning, that was all I wanted—for her to be dead. I’m first in line to the throne and I want to be queen, but tradition says the throne must be passed to the eldest male heir. That leaves me nothing. Bastian introduced me to a prince, but his father, the king, won’t allow the union unless I am unique. He’s a . . . collector of sorts. I told him about my strength and gifts and the crown was mine until Octavion told Bastian my sister had a kindred spirit. As long as she is alive, I am second best and he will not allow us to be bound.” 
“Then why are you doing this? With her dead, you can go be his queen.”
“Because you killed him.” 
Kira’s mind wandered back to the canyon and her arrow as it sailed across the meadow and pierced the heart of Cade’s attacker. Shandira’s prince. A chill rose up Kira’s spine and filled her body with mind numbing fear. I’m so dead. 
Shandira continued her search, finding the heart pendant in Kira’s back pocket. “I knew you had it. Now, to teach my little brother a lesson.”
Shandira glanced around the room as if she was looking for something, then went to the shelves near her bed. Rummaging through some of Octavion’s bottles, she made her selection and returned to Kira. “Let’s see what Octavion has to say about this.” She pulled the lid off the tiny vial in her hand and held it up to Kira’s mouth. 
Kira kicked upward, trying to knock it out of Shandira’s hand, but Cael jabbed her in the side and grabbed her legs. Zerek held her around the waist, while Shandira took Kira’s jaw in one hand and forced open her mouth. She poured some of the liquid past her lips, but Kira spit it out, splattering Shandira’s face. 
Shandira thrust a solid punch to Kira’s ribs. “Drink it!”
“No!” Kira squirmed one leg loose long enough to knee Zerek in the chin. He grabbed her harder and held tight. 
Shandira took out her dagger and rested the point under Kira’s chin. “Drink it or I will slit your throat.”
“Do it,” Kira blurted. “You’re gonna kill me anyway—get it over with.” At least she wouldn’t have to starve to death or suffer the effects of whatever was in that bottle.
Shandira stepped back and grinned. “Cut her down and tie her to that metal table.”
Cael cut the rope while Zerek threw Kira over his shoulder. He tossed her onto the cold slab, pain blasting through her back. 
“Please stop,” Kira begged. “I changed my mind. I’ll help you. Give me the journey stone and I’ll try. I might be able to do it.” She needed to stall for time, but more than that, she needed to get that stone.
“You’re lying. It’s a trap. He will know we are coming.” Shandira took a chunk of Kira’s hair to hold her in place while Zerek tightened the piece of rope that bound her hands. Cael pulled her to the end of the table and tied her ankles to its legs. 
“Hold her down,” Shandira instructed as she released Kira’s hair. She opened one of the cupboards and took out a metal bucket, dropped it in the sink with a loud clank and filled it with water. Once the bucket filled, she slowly poured the water over Kira’s face, making her sputter and cough. Shandira pulled the bucket away, just long enough for Kira to get a short breath, before pouring it again and again. When Shandira finally stopped, she pressed the glass vial to Kira’s lips, shoving it in her mouth between her gasps for air. Kira choked it back, then swallowed, the bitter liquid burning her throat as it went down. 
“What is that?” Kira cried. “What have you done?”
“I have no idea. I just liked the color of the bottle.” Shandira laughed, holding up a green bottle about the size of her thumb. She dropped it into the sink, then turned to face Cael. “I’m off to retrieve my scouts—not that they’re worth anything now that my brother has messed with their minds. But at least I’ll have my servants back.” 
Cael cut the ropes that secured Kira’s legs, while Zerek forced her off the table and to her feet. Shandira ran her finger along Kira’s jaw line, lifting her chin with the tip of her finger. 
“She’s all yours, boys.” She laughed as she turned to walk away.
“Shandira,” Kira called. “He loves you, ya know. You’re his favorite—always have been.”
Shandira spun around with rage in her eyes. “What do you know of my life?” She pulled her dagger and brought it to Kira’s face, applying enough pressure on the blade to sting, but not enough to break the skin.
“Octavion told me about you as children and how much he loved you. He blames Bastian for all of this—not you. It’s not too late.” 
For a moment, Kira thought she saw regret and longing in Shandira’s eyes, but then it was gone. “You lie!” she said, drawing her blade across Kira’s cheekbone. 
Kira screamed, cupping one of her bound hands to her face. Warm blood seeped between her fingers and ran down the length of her arm.
“Give my brother a message—if you live. Tell him to think of me when he looks at your face—that is if he still wants you after my boys have had their way with you.” 
“You can tell him yourself when he comes for you.” 
Shandira lifted her fist as if she meant to deliver another blow to Kira’s face, then dropped her hand and disappeared. 
Cael’s grip on Kira’s arm tightened as he embraced his heritage—his upper lip curled into a snarl, exposing his sharp feline teeth. “You are lucky I have had my fill of human flesh today. Of course, I would enjoy a snack.” He leaned in, licking the blood from between her fingers. “Ahh! Sweet, like honey.” 
“Let go of me!” Kira screamed, struggling to get free.
Zerek and Cael half-carried, half-dragged Kira down the long corridor and into a filthy stall, throwing her to the ground. 
Zerek’s eyes were black and empty—dark and merciless. He slapped Cael on the back. “You go first, my friend. I’ve always enjoyed watching a game of cat and mouse.”
Zerek’s words sparked a fire inside Kira. She’d had enough. “I am not a mouse,” Kira mumbled under her breath. Slowly and deliberately, she pushed herself to her knees and stood. Holding her hands out in front of her, she said, “It would be more fun if the mouse wasn’t tied up.”
Their eyes widened. Zerek slapped Cael on the back again. “Shall I hold her down for you?” His wicked laugh echoed through the barn.
Cael pulled his shirt over his head and tossed it aside. “No, but you might want to stand back. I hear she bites.” His eyes locked on Kira’s and she forced herself not to look away. They weren’t black and empty like Zerek’s, but she could still see the evil in them. Cael drew his knife, slipped it between her hands and pulled up on the blade. The rope fell to Kira’s feet.
She smiled, earning the back of Cael’s hand across her good cheek. She fell against the stall divider with her back to them. “Al,” she whispered. “Give me all you’ve got—I’m gonna need it. It’s the only way we’re getting out of here alive.” As she felt the warmth build and her pulse increase, she let the rage from Octavion’s blood flow freely through her veins. She felt her eyes burn cold and her adrenaline rise. For a brief moment, she focused on the Crystor, sensing its powers hadn’t entirely left her after all. There was still a tiny flame fueling her need to survive. No man would ever hurt her again—and live. 
She slowly turned to face them. “That’s all you’ve got?” 
Cael smiled, but this time when their eyes met she saw a flicker of fear. He swore and took a step back. “Your eyes—what kind of evil magic is this?” 
Kira smiled again. “The kind that’s gonna kick your Royal ass.” Kira sprang forward, using all her weight to shove him back. He stumbled, hitting Zerek and taking them both to the ground. Zerek swore and tried to push Cael off him while Kira ran toward Shandira’s room. She had to find the journey stone. 
Kira got as far as the doorway before Cael hit her from behind. She stumbled, grabbing the leather and chain contraption to keep her from falling to the floor. While holding onto the harness, she used her forward momentum to propel upward, swinging her feet around to deliver a powerful kick to Cael’s chest. He fell back against a cabinet, breaking the flimsy door in two and collapsing to the ground. 
She found her footing just as Zerek came through the doorway. The darkness of his eyes ignited the last shred of power left in the Crystor as she pooled her energy into the tips of her fingers. They burned like an icy fire igniting her fury. By the time he got to her, she was ready. She reached out as he drew his knife, deflecting the stabbing blow with one hand, and grabbing the side of his neck with the other. Zerek’s body stiffened as she projected all she had through his body, sending him into a convulsing fit. He fell onto the cold concrete floor, twitching uncontrollably. 
Kira stepped back and looked down at her hands. The tips of her fingers were dark and numb. She curled them into fists and drew them into her stomach. “How did I do that?” 
The adrenaline flowing through her veins gave her the strength to fight back, but hastened the poison’s path through her veins. With each labored breath she drew in, a thin fog overtook more of her mind and body. 
Cael stood, wavering on his feet, and glanced at Zerek still lying on the floor. He turned to face Kira. “I will have you.” 
Kira threw back her shoulders. “It’ll be my cold, dead body you take. I’ll fight ‘til my last breath.” She grabbed the chain and swung it in his direction, barely missing his face.
Cael vanished and appeared behind her. He wrapped his arms around her waist, carried her kicking and screaming to the mattress, and threw her down. He leapt onto the bed, crushing her beneath his weight. He had both her hands pinned above her head with his body pressing her tender back into the sheets. When he leaned in to kiss her, she jerked her head to the side and bit down on his forearm, drawing blood. He struck her across the face with his free hand.
“Give up. You will not win this fight.”
“Never!” Kira screamed. Kira’s head began to spin and at first she thought it was from his fist knocking her dizzy, but then the pressure of Cael’s body lifted and he sailed across the room, hitting the far wall. The force of the blow knocked him unconscious. Thinking it might be another Royal or maybe one of Shandira’s scouts, Kira rolled to her side and tried to get up to run, but she couldn’t keep the walls from spinning long enough to gain her balance. When a strong hand clamped over her shoulder, she turned, ready to fight. She didn’t even look, just brought her foot up from where she lay and kicked, hitting Nigel in the gut. He stumbled back, holding one hand up to ward her off and the other to his stomach. 
“You’re late,” she said. 
A brief smile crossed Nigel’s face as he offered to help her stand.
She accepted, but still couldn’t gain her balance. She tried to step over the mattress to the shelves, but her knees buckled and she collapsed onto the bed. Not now. I need a little more strength. One more burst of energy. But nothing came. “I need to know what they made me drink and find the journey stone. Will you help me?”
Nigel knelt beside her, his eyes shifting from her bloody face to her shivering form. He drew one of the blankets up around her shoulders, then tore off a section of sheet for her to hold over the cut on her cheek. He put his hand to his heart and nodded. 
“Thank you,” Kira said. “The bottle—she put it in the sink. I need to get it to Octavion. He’ll know what it is . . . might have something to counteract the effects.”
Nigel vanished, appearing an instant later near the sink and without the slightest hesitation, was back kneeling in front of her with the empty bottle in his hand. Kira took the vial and slipped it into her jean pocket. “The stone.” She pointed to the shelf.
Standing, Nigel rummaged through the boxes and bags, but the stone wasn’t there. Kira tried to remember the last time she’d seen it. Shandira was angry. She’d returned the stone to its bag and tossed it . . . onto the bed. 
Kira turned, her movements sluggish, and pulled the pillows away, searching under the covers. She found it wedged between the mattress and the wall. Sliding the stone from its pouch, she aligned the markings. The two openings appeared and the room filled with light. “Help me stand.” 
Nigel lifted her from the bed and planted her feet firmly on the ground, supporting her from behind. 
She raised the journey stone into the air, gave it a spin and let go. It stayed suspended, shooting colored light out in all directions. She’d turned to thank Nigel when she caught movement behind him. Zerek struggled to his feet, his knife blade in his hand. With a flick of his wrist, he threw it. 
“No!” Kira shoved Nigel to the side. The knife deflected off his arm and into her shoulder. She cried out and collapsed into Nigel’s arms. 
Nigel lowered her to the ground and turned to face his brother. Zerek had taken another knife from his boot and stood, ready to fight. He sliced the air, taunting Nigel, beckoning him. The whole scene came at her in waves as the pain in her shoulder increased and the fog from the poison closed in around her. 
She turned away from them to look behind her, but instead of the beautiful kingdom of Xantara, there were dark pine trees and a crumbling stone wall. The image twisted, whirling around the portal. It wasn’t what she’d expected. Had she done something wrong? Had she opened the portal to a completely different world than Ophira? A world without Octavion? 
“You are not my brother,” Zerek yelled. “How could you betray me like this?”
Kira turned her focus back to the Darkords, now standing face to face. Nigel grasped Zerek’s hand, the knife held fast in his fist. They wrestled with the weapon until Nigel brought it down between them. Their bodies slammed together in a violent thrust of muscle, sending the knife into Zerek’s side. Their eyes locked for a moment—Nigel’s lips moving without sound. Nigel lowered his head and closed his eyes, pulling the knife out of Zerek’s side and tossing it across the room. 
Kira’s heart ached as she watched Nigel pull Zerek into his arms. He’d sacrificed his own flesh and blood to save her life. A few seconds passed before Zerek came around and drove the heel of his palm up under Nigel’s chin to break free. 
Zerek stumbled to the doorway leading to the barn stalls, then disappeared around the corner. Nigel took a few steps toward the doorway and stopped, looking back at Kira. His fists clenched at his sides, his chest heaving with every breath. For a moment, Kira thought he would come back to help her, but instead he followed Zerek.
“No,” she croaked. “I need your . . . help.” Kira turned to look through the opening, its warm breeze whirling around her now. She had to get through to the other side before Shandira returned. Grasping the handle of the knife, she pulled it from her shoulder and let it fall to the floor. She screamed from the pain as the beams above her head faded from her view. She wasn’t going to make it.





Chapter Fifty Four

The portal is in the aubelet. Nigel’s thoughts invaded Octavion’s mind, finally giving him hope and settling the ache in his heart. Come quickly, she is not far from death. I will hold back the others as promised. 
Turning to face Luka, Octavion ordered, “Have my chambers prepared and the physician waiting when I return. And be prepared if I need your help.”
“Consider it done.” 
Luka’s words were a distant echo as Octavion appeared in front of the aubelet, its crumbling walls a witness to the abandoned structure’s neglect. The thick wooden door leaned precariously against its frame, sagging loosely from a single rusty hinge. With a thrust of his foot, the door slammed against the inside wall sending dust and dirt raining down from the rotting beams, their skeletal frame giving a broken view of the starlit sky. 
He breathed deeply, the smell of Kira’s tattered flesh already filtering through the portal. He pulled a section of his tunic over his mouth and nose. He had to stay in control or he’d kill her before getting her to safety.
As her scent grew stronger, Octavion felt his transformation taking over, the muscles across his shoulders and back swelling, his eyes burning. He pressed the fabric tighter to his face and continued to the front of the structure where he came to the altar—a solid slab of white stone carved from the mountains of Eshman. The cold hard surface still held the blood stains of the many sacrifices made to the God’s of Lor. 
He closed his eyes and held his breath, focusing only on the sounds—the scurry of a small rodent to his left, the creak of wood shifting with the slight breeze, a whimper coming from above. Without taking a single step, he stood at the top of a rickety staircase that led to the loft and observatory, now overgrown with ivy. Dead leaves and small twigs swirled and danced along the wooden planks where the journey stone held a doorway open to Kira’s world. He pushed through the whirlwind of warm air and stepped onto the concrete floor of the barn.
At first he didn’t see her, but then noticed fresh streaks of blood leading to where a tattered bundle lay on the floor. When the bundle whimpered, Octavion’s heart clenched. Now he could see her—her back riddled with welts oozing with infection, her beautiful red hair tangled and matted with blood. 
As he went to her side, he took a quick inventory of her injuries. Beyond the mass of cuts and bruises on her arms and neck, her hands were swollen and deep burns cut into her wrists where ropes had once bound her. The ends of her fingers were dark, as if they’d been singed, her broken nails caked with dirt and dried blood. 
“Kira!” He fell to his knees and cradled her head in his arms, carefully turning her onto her wounded back. “I am here. You are safe.”
She gave no reply.
He brushed the hair away from her face exposing a long gash on her cheek. Streaks of blood made a labyrinth across her face and down her neck. He cursed. Shandira, there is no place for you to hide, no sanctuary from the evil you have inflicted. I will come for you. 
Shandira’s sick laughter invaded his mind before he threw up his defenses, blocking her thoughts.
He lifted Kira from the floor, not caring that his tunic slipped from his face. He stopped when he smelled a strong, pungent odor. He leaned closer to her face and dared a treacherous breath. Mixed with the scent of her blood was poison. 
“Blessed, Zi'ah!” Nigel, what did they give her? What poison?
A few seconds passed with no answer.
Nigel!
Look . . . pocket. Nigel’s thoughts were strained and distant.
Octavion searched Kira’s pockets, finally finding a small green vial. He knew the poison well—only one cure could stop its assault on Kira’s body. Luka! Go to Pride Meadow and gather three Pyrulis Blooms. They grow along the river bank—yellow with— 
I know what they look like. I’m picking them now.
Be sure they are in full bloom, no buds.
Done!
A groan came from the Royal lying across the room and Octavion grabbed the hilt of his knife, but the man did not move. Cradling Kira in his arms, he stepped to the doorway. He’d only had three days to prepare himself for the effect Kira’s blood would have on him with the stronger pull of his world’s two moons. He wasn’t sure he was ready.
He took in as much air as his lungs would hold and pushed through the swirling portal to the other side. The onslaught of cravings struck him like a jolt of electricity as it rippled through his muscles, bringing him to his knees. He arched back, causing him to loosen his grip on Kira. She rolled out of his arms and onto the wooden planks, the wrought iron railing barely keeping her from tumbling over the edge. Octavion grabbed the nearby rock wall with his hand, digging his claws into the crumbling stone. Her scent was like a razor to the back of his throat, bringing him to his maximum transformation. 
A scuffle broke out behind him. The scene through the portal showed the Royal exchanging blows with Nigel. Octavion reached through the opening to snatch the journey stone, just as Nigel grabbed his wrist. When Octavion yanked the stone through the doorway, Nigel came with it, barely getting through as it closed. They both slammed against the wall, knocking mortar loose from between the crumbling stones.
Nigel glanced at Kira lying on the ground. Let me take her. 
“You and your kind have done enough!”
My kind? And what of your kind? Look at you. You will kill her. I should have brought her through myself.
Octavion wrapped his fingers around Nigel’s neck. “I suggest you take your freedom and leave before I reconsider our bargain.”
Nigel grabbed Octavion’s arm and pushed it away. You are a fool to bring her to our world. She will never survive. 
Octavion took a swing at Nigel’s face just as he disappeared, driving his fist through the Darkord’s wake and into the rock wall. His ferocious roar caused Kira to moan. He swore under his breath and went to her side. As he slid one arm behind her raw back, she came to life, kicking and screaming as if he were the enemy. She grabbed the iron railing and began dragging herself along the edge of the balcony. 
Octavion carefully pried her fingers from the cold, black iron, took her by the wrists and tried to calm her with his voice. “Kira, you are safe.” It was all he could do not to hurt her—he had little control over his strength at this stage of transformation and could crush her fragile bones with no effort.
“No,” she moaned. She continued to struggle, grabbing at his face with her bloody hand. One of her fingers grazed his bottom lip. 
Instinctively, he licked it. 
Every muscle in his body rippled with pain, but he forced his nature away, trying to soothe her fears. His mind drifted back to their first kiss. She’d called him something when he growled at her, something her captors would not know. “Kira, it is me . . . Dimples.” 
Her arms relaxed and she stopped fighting him. “Octavion?” she whispered. Tears sprang to her eyes as she grabbed the front of his shirt and used what little strength she had left to pull herself into his arms. Her body trembled against his chest as he lifted her from the ground. 
An instant later, he stood in his sleeping chambers, several members of the castle staff anxiously awaiting Kira’s arrival. They all froze in place when their eyes caught sight of Octavion. Luka stood in the far corner, a piece of fabric pressed against his nose and mouth. He pulled it away long enough to bark a set of orders that sent the staff scurrying in every direction.
Octavion lowered Kira to the crisp white linens that covered the feather mattress, careful not to scratch her with his claws when he withdrew his hands from under her tender back. But Kira held tight to his shirt and wouldn’t let go. 
“Don’t . . . leave me,” she whispered.
Her words gripped Octavion’s heart, but he couldn’t answer. Not without taking in another breath. He peeled off his shirt and let her take it in her arms. Luka, the flowers.
Luka appeared at his side, the flowers in his fist. You must leave, cousin—as should I.
Octavion took the flowers, laid two on the bed beside Kira and began ripping the petals from the third. Go! Lock down the castle. No Royals allowed unless I approve it.
Luka took a few steps back. As you wish, but what shall I do with Cade? 
Move him to the other wing of the castle for now. He is of little threat to her in his condition. 
Octavion continued shredding the flower until he’d split the pod in the center and retrieved the tiny pea shaped fruit from inside. He put his hand behind Kira’s neck for support. “Kira, you need to wake up.” But she didn’t move. “Kira!”
The muscles in her body tensed and her eyes cracked open to narrow slits. “Where . . . am I?”
“You are in my home. You are safe, but I need you to open your mouth and swallow this. It has to be in your stomach to dilute the poison.”
Kira nodded and opened her mouth like a little bird. Octavion pressed the tiny fruit between his finger and thumb, squirting the white puss-like substance onto her tongue.
“Ussay, I need water,” Octavion ordered.
One of the servants stepped to the sideboard, poured a cup of water and handed it to Octavion. He made Kira drink a few swallows, then continued the process with the other two flowers. It was all he could do. Her fate now lay with the gods of Lor.
Handing the empty cup to Ussay, he backed away from the bed and watched as the staff surrounded her and began washing her wounds. 
“Sire?” Ussay’s sweet voice was a needed distraction. “Perhaps you could wait in the hall. I will have a wash basin and fresh clothing brought to you.”
Octavion nodded. His muscles began to retract, but he could still feel the burn in his eyes and throat. “You will come for me when she wakes.”
“Of course.”
He took one last look, catching a glance of Kira’s sweet face as one of the women stepped to the fire to throw the soiled sheet into the flames. Doubt crept into his heart at the sight of her fragile figure. He looked down at his blood covered hands, his claws barely visible now. What have I done? Perhaps Nigel was right. It was stupid to think Kira could survive in his dangerous world. Even if by some miracle she survived her injuries and the effects of the poison, her unique scent and inability to protect herself would make her an easy prey. 
His thoughts wandered back to the day by the river when he revealed his heritage. Kira feared being weak—a mouse, she’d called herself. He’d tried to convince her that nothing could be farther from the truth, that she was strong. But now things were different. In a world filled with wild and hungry cats, she was indeed a mouse.
###

COMING SOON!

BROKEN
Book Two in THE CRYSTOR Series

Due out SPRING 2012

With Kira injured and dying, Octavion's last hope is to plead with the king of Panthera for a cure. But King Ramla's magic isn't free. The price he asks Octavion to pay goes against everything he's fought so hard to protect and could destroy his bond with Kira. Will Octavion trade his crown and swear allegiance to a kingdom feared by all, or will he sacrifice the woman he loves to remain faithful to his father and Xantara? Find out when BROKEN takes you on a journey into the savage and unpredictable world of Ophira.


ACKNOWLEDGEMENTS

So many people helped me along my journey and stuck with me through the tough times. I’d never be able to list them all here, but know that I do appreciate each and every one of you. Without your help and support, this dream would have died long ago.

A special thanks to my parents for raising me to be a strong,
independent woman who has the courage to take this leap.

To Kris Sidwell, for encouraging me to write this story. Without you, Kira
wouldn’t be the kick-butt warrior she is today.

To Ali Cross for sharing the ups and downs of the publishing world with me
and for showing me tough love through your little red pen. I’m a better
writer because of you. And a better friend.

To my niece, Stephanie, for teaching me all her graphic design secrets.
Thanks to you, my cover rocks.

To all the many writing buddies, friends and family who critiqued and edited
this book and loved the story enough to encourage me to
publish it--especially Danyelle Ferguson, my awesome editor and friend.

And most of all, I’d like to acknowledge my Heavenly Father for his love
and guidance, and for inspiring my words. Some days it took
far more than a still small voice to get through my thick skull.

And to my Savior, who never left my side through the hard times.
Without Him I would be nothing.


In Loving Memory

Shandra Lee Bennett
1979 – 2010

Shandra always wanted to be the villain in my book, the opposite of her kind-hearted character.
I think she would be proud of how Shandira turned out.
If only she’d lived long enough to read it.
I miss you, my friend.


ABOUT THE AUTHOR
Christine (C.K.) Bryant

Christine has always been a writer. Even before she could compose a single word with pen, she scribbled her version of cursive along the open page just to see what it looked like. As a teen, she swiped her dad's old Royal typewriter so her muse could breathe life into what her vivid imagination had created. 

She's spent the last twenty-five years married to the man of her dreams and raising their two sons. After helping run the family restaurant for most of their marriage, Christine finally broken away to pursue her dream of being an author.

When she's not with her family or tickling the computer keys, she loves camping, reading, scrapbooking, listening to all kinds of music, and making new friends.

Christine currently living in the middle of sage brush and lava rock with a spectacular view of the Snake River Canyon in South Central Idaho.



Find out more about the author and the projects she's currently working on by visiting her blog at:
http://www.ckbryant.com

Find her on FACEBOOK
And on TWITTER
