Breakthrough
By Sara B Lane
Breakthrough
Sara B Lane

Copyright 2015 Sara Lane
Smashwords Edition

This ebook is licensed for your personal enjoyment only. This ebook may not be re-sold or given away to other people. If you would like to share this book with another person, please purchase an additional copy for each recipient. If you’re reading this book and did not purchase it, or it was not purchased for your use only, then please return to your favorite ebook retailer and purchase your own copy. Thank you for respecting the hard work of this author.
Table of Contents

Chapter 1
Chapter 2
Chapter 3
Chapter 4
Chapter 5
Chapter 6
Chapter 7
Chapter 8
Chapter 9
Chapter 10
Chapter 11
Chapter 12
Chapter 13
Chapter 14
Chapter 15
Chapter 16
Chapter 17
Chapter 18
Chapter 19
Chapter 20
Chapter 21
Chapter 22
Chapter 23
Chapter 24
Chapter 25
About Sara Lane
Chapter 1

The silver train zipped smoothly along the single rail like a bullet leaving a blur of unfamiliar buildings in its wake.  Erika tried her best to look bored through the tinted windows.  She had to do her best to fit in, but couldn’t help the glimmer in her eyes as a result of her fascination.  Everything was foreign to her and she ate every experience up hungrily.  She marveled at the wide open world after spending a lifetime in isolation.  The train ride was thrillingly fast, but she was equally thrilled for it to be over.  The train began to slow as the tall buildings began to diminish and smaller less prominent buildings took their place.   The train slowed to a crawl as it entered Yarding.  Erika felt the anticipation rising in her.  She recognized the town from the pictures she had studied endlessly.  She drew in a deep breath as the train entered the station and her mission began.  She stole one last glance at the posh inside of the gleaming metal tube that had transported her from her life of solitude.  She wistfully said goodbye to the isolation and replaced it with the vast terrifying world before her.  Littered with blue skies and chattering busy people.
The train doors opened inviting her into the station and she felt a small smile creep up on her lips.  She reached down for her red plaid book bag and stood up as confidently as she could.  She walked outside of the double doors and turned around to watch the train depart.  It shined brighter than any light she had ever seen as it sat idle beneath the noon day sun.  The train gleamed with prominence and pride, the resplendent treasure of the Eastern Union.  In a whir of wind and a calming hum the train was off again delivering bored passengers who had no concept of how thrilling their lives actually were.
Erika ran her hands down her sleek uniform, a form fitting dark grey body suit.  She had worn a similar one back home.  This one was fancier than the one she had grown up in, it could adjust itself to the temperature and had the added effect of being bullet proof, though she hoped she wouldn’t need that option.  She brushing off some dust and took one last deep breath before she departed.  She carefully watched the train station bustle with busy and important people who seemed oblivious to her.  They were absorbed in their paper thin translucent tablets and their cylindrical cups of deep brown liquid.  They were far too introspective to take notice of anything she did.  She felt a huge weight lift off of her shoulders as she tried to meet the eyes of the strangers around her and none of them lifted to meet hers.   Erika began to realize that the world to them was hum drum and ordinary, but to her it was a surreal maze of unforeseen tortures and unparalleled delights.  The luxury and pomp presentation of the train were profound to her, but every day circumstance to those that saw its gleaming message daily.  She sighed again and felt her smile fade away.  It somehow lessened her thrill to know she was the only one experiencing it.
Erika turned away from the strangers and made her way to a prominent map displayed on the wall nearest her.  She stared at it blankly.  The large map had “Yarding” scrawled across the top in big bold letters.  The streets were mapped out in different colors and in the center was the senior school Erika would be attending. She looked out of her periphery and watched the people stroll by.  Everyone seemed so normal, no threat jumped out at her to show her the big scary world around her.  She felt her edginess begin to slide away.  She finally descended the steps at the end of the platform and walked down to street level.
The town of Yarding was prestigious only because of the senior school at its center.  The town itself was unremarkable, but the school was well known for its academic achievements.  Erika could see it from the train station though it was still a ways off.  Tall buildings with a central bell tower, all built out of red brick and mortar marked the center of town.  No matter where you went you could see the crowning glory of Yarding towering ahead.  The school prided itself on using teaching methods of the past while also embracing current technology.  It had the best physics program in the entire Eastern Union.  That was why she was there.  It had been difficult to get the assignment, but she had wanted it so badly.  She was tasked to protect a boy named Brian who would redefine the way their entire world functioned.  She left her only home, the safe compound underneath the mountain all to protect this special boy.  Erika felt anxiousness creeping in again, but decided to shrug it off and continue forward.  She had wrestled too much with anxiety lately.  She had wanted to be out in the world her whole life and now that she had it she had become crippled with fear.  It wouldn’t do to show it in the field so she put one foot in front of the other and continued on.
Erika turned right at the first corner and clicked her glistening black shoes against the pavement as she went.  She felt unprepared, but she knew she was ready.  She had been meticulously trained for this and she had to eventually have her first mission in the field.  It might as well be a simple one watching a young boy and ensuring his safety.  It was their specialty after all. The agency specialized in protecting the best brains of the country and saving psychics from the energy chambers.  The Eastern Union had a habit of striking down those who had ideals that went against their own.  The agency had received intel that Brian would be working on a project that would tear down the way the entire world functioned, however he wasn’t ready to be brought in yet.  He needed to stay at Yarding and make his discovery or all was lost and she needed to be by his side.  The intel said a psychic new to the field and advanced in technology must be there to help him.  It was the only way.  No names were named besides Brian’s.  It had been a fight to convince their director that she would be a good match for this mission.
Erika groaned to herself.  “Psychics are always so vague in their predictions.”
Erika herself was psychic, but predictions weren’t in her repertoire.  Predictions had always boggled her.  They were never straight forward and always had unnecessary symbolism thrown in.  They were hard to interpret and even harder to pinpoint.  The psychic network, or as they called them in the agency the PC’ers,  had helped out the agency a lot, but Erika found that she grew frustrated with them more often than not.  This time was no exception.  They knew that Brian was supposed to discover the secret lost for centuries and she was to stay with him until he did or all was lost.  She wished she knew what they would lose, but the psychic network rarely elaborated on anything.
Erika pounded the pavement and finally reached the perimeter of the school.  It was surrounded by a twelve foot tall wrought iron fence.  She ran her hand along the hot metal bars as she sauntered toward the entrance to the school.  She looked over the tall prominent buildings and surveyed the surrounding trees.  She had seen all of this imagery in pictures in her briefing, but it couldn’t hold a candle to seeing the real thing.  She felt herself becoming breathless at the tall ancient trees giving way to the upcoming fall season.  The brilliant green leaves dashed with streaks of orange and red brought tears to her eyes.  It was overwhelming to see the world as it truly was rather than in pictures taped sloppily to her bunk.  Erika couldn’t remember if she had ever seen a real tree before.  In the agency she had worked mostly on computers.  She had a knack for finding people and could feel their digital presence lead her to their physical one.  She could trace every step a person had taken as long as they had ever touched a computer.  It took her minutes what it took most agents months to find.  She found Brian in a matter of minutes after being given the short description that was leaked to them from the PC’ers.
Erika shuddered as she thought about the PC’ers and the lives they had to live in order to stay safe.  Any psychic that wasn’t caught by the Eastern Union in childhood inevitably ended up either in the agency Erika was in or with the Psychic Network who could hide them underground and keep them safe.  They were mostly women with a few men sprinkled in.  They had the ability to see the past, present and future when they linked themselves together and amplified their power.  Erika felt a cold chill creep up on her at the thought.  It was similar to how the energy chambers worked, but it didn’t kill them in the end like the chambers did.  All psychics feared the chambers.
Erika surveyed the grounds again concentrating on the grand buildings built with old construction harkening in memories of an age long past.  New England is what they used to call this area, but after the civil war and the energy crisis it is now just part of the Eastern Union.  The country used to be called the United States of America, but that was over 500 years ago.  Well before the psychics were discovered, and their usefulness exploited.  Psychic energy was the most abundant source the Eastern Union had.
The human brain is a fragile thing.  One bump and all is lost no matter how protected it is encased in the human skull.  The brain emits energy to feed the body, to communicate, to function.  It is the most powerful part of the human body.  In a psychic the energy is even more abundant than in a normal human.  The brain of a psychic emits a hundred times more energy than a normal human and that number goes up exponentially when they are thrown into the energy chambers.  The energy from one psychic could power an entire city for a month and a village for a few years.  This discovery is what granted the Eastern Union its prominence in the world as a leading power.  It is also what puts Erika and others like her at risk.  It is illegal to harbor a psychic and if it is discovered, the psychic will be sent straight to the energy chambers and anyone found with them will be put to a public execution.
Erika looked around at the shining lights from every room in the school, at the bullet train that whisked by regularly.  All of these things were powered by a psychic, when they came of age and their power was the most it could ever be.  They were thrown into the energy chambers and their life depleted.  Their energy powered the lives of those that would hunt them and deny them lives of their own.  There are no energy chambers in the city of Yarding, but it was apparent that they benefitted from them.  Erika had never seen one up close and she felt her skin tingle with fear at the thought of it.  Goosebumps marked her skinny arms even in the humid heat that sweltered around her.  She had seen plenty of pictures of them from the posters displayed on the walls inside the agency.  The posters showed the tall slate grey buildings with the silos in the center where the energy was stored.  The tops of the silos in the posters glowed with blue light.  Erika had asked about the light once and was told by another agent that the whole sky above the facilities glowed with the light.  She was told of the door, the gateway they called it, that led directly into the blue room at the center.  The color was the result of draining all of the energy from a psychic.  Erika began to feel her anxiety creep up in her again at the thought of the blue room, where every psychic is taken when they are inevitably found.  The Psychics are shoved through a shimmering screen held within a white gateway where their mind, the fragile human brain is shocked into emitting all of its energy and their body is left to slowly die.
The Silos are surrounded by other windowless buildings where they house the children they find until they come of age.  It differs from person to person when their psychic energy will be at its fullest, but it is usually early adulthood.  It is rumored that unspeakable horrors exist within those windowless walls.  People who live close to the energy chambers are forbidden from coming closer than the twenty foot tall six feet thick walls outside of the compounds.  The local governments say it is for safety.  Erika and her agency knew it was because the screams of the children, even through the thick slate grey walls they can be heard for miles around.
Erika turned the corner toward the front of the school and stopped dead in her tracks.  She looked at the large wrought iron gate and felt a lump swell in her throat.  Psychic detectors had been placed at the front entrance marring the perfect antiquated imagery of the school with modern horrific technology.  She quickly surveyed the grounds from her safe corner before she moved on.  The main building was set down a cobbled stone pathway.  The tall red brick building shined down to the outsiders showcasing the glory of the school.  A large bell adorned the top of the building that chimed every hour.  Erika began to casually walk forward though every ounce of her being wanted to turn around and run away.  She adjusted her bag to her shoulder and clicked her shining black shoes forward.  She walked past the impatient line and surveyed the entering students.  The girls clicked their shoes impatiently on the ground while the boys tended to shove their hands in their pockets and sigh heavily.  Erika surveyed the front entrance and squashed down her rising fear.  Two death squad soldiers stood at the entrance to the school.  They adorned their stark white uniforms with long orange stripes on their sides and orange helmets over their heads to hide their faces.  No one knew exactly who was in the death squad.  They live in anonymity with only one cause, find the psychics and send them to the chambers.  They are feared by all, they have been known to level entire villages in pursuit of one psychic.  They are above the law and function with their own agenda.  Erika walked past them briskly and continued around the corner to the other side of the school.
She hadn’t been expecting the death squad to be there, though she knew it could be a possibility.  They had been popping up more and more in places they weren’t known to be.  Commutes into the cities from the villages could take hours if a train had to be run through the scanners.  The tall white scanners with blue lights on the top.  They shined brightly if any trace of psychic ability was detected.  Erika eyed them wearily before quickening her pace to round the corner to the other side of the school.
Erika smiled as the bell tower chimed the hour.  Two sweet rings from the large bell, perfect timing.  She slowed down her pace to enjoy her walk to the back of the school.  She was still early, even with the holdup at the front of the campus.  She would just have to find another way into the school so that she could meet up with her partner.  She had conversed with him several times though never in person.  She was excited to work with someone who had so much experience.  Her partner had been in the agency for over twenty years, although he was also known as a volatile drunk.  Erika wasn’t too concerned, in fact she was grateful.  The agency wouldn’t allow her to ever leave the confines of their facility for her own safety if Greg hadn’t stood up for her and said he would watch her back.  Erika had been desperate to escape the confines of mountain fortress she called home; she had a mission of her own that could only be accomplished outside of those protective walls.  Once she heard about the opportunity to protect Brian and the discovery he would make she couldn’t leave that to any other agent.  It meant more to her than anyone else.  Besides it gave her the opportunity to do her own research on a project the agency would never allow.
Erika had a knack for finding people, but she was limited on the agencies computers.  She knew she would have to be in the outside world to find the people most precious to her, who had abandoned her when she was little, her parents.  She didn’t blame them for sending her away with the agency.  Seeing the death squad at the front of the school she felt she would have made the same decision.  She could either watch her little girl be taken away to certain death or send her away into uncertainty, where she could tell herself that she was okay and living a happy life.  Erika wanted to find her mother, to tell her that she was living a happy life, and that she was definitely safe.  She wanted to learn about her past.  She wanted to know if maybe her mother or someone else in the family was also psychic.  Erika remembered back to the only memory she still had of her mother.  She couldn’t remember her face, it was fuzzy as if no face belonged to her.  However her hand was prominent.  A large ornate bronze ring with the face of a lion adorned her middle finger on her right hand.  She couldn’t get the image of the roaring lion out of her head.
Erika rounded the back corner of the school and saw her partner, Greg.  A billow of smoke wafted around his tall figure.  He was in his late forties, grizzled and filthy.  His head was glistening with sweat and he wiped it off with a dull red handkerchief.  He was wearing what was surely once a white apron over a torn plaid shirt.   As Erika approached he put out his cigarette and shook his head at it.
“They don’t let me smoke in the compound.  Only allowed outside on the job,” he said sadly.  “This heat is gonna kill me.”
Erika nodded at him unsure of what to say.  She felt herself tense up in his presence.  He was an easy going guy and everyone in the compound said so, but she felt her newness to this job overtake her.  Greg looked at her skeptically, but finally nodded in approval.  He pointed toward the open gate behind him.
“The marks inside.  He’s a quiet one too.  Be easy on him, I don’t think he knows how to exist in the same room as a cute girl.”  Greg offered with a wink.
Erika nodded shyly and walked through the unguarded gate and into the cafeteria kitchen.  Greg followed behind her.  No one blinked an eye at her presence.  The students could wander as they pleased and their presence in the kitchens a normal sight.  Greg motioned through the double doors into the cafeteria.  She tried as hard as she could to keep her mouth from dropping open, but it seemed to fall regardless of her effort.  She had never been in a place so simple yet so overwhelming before.  The ceilings were tall with elaborate chandeliers hanging from them.  Large dark wooden beams stretched above her head.  Long tables were piled high with food that students could take as they pleased.  There were hardly any students inside, most were still held up at the front gates.
Erika rushed to the food table and piled a plate high with odd looking lettuce and raw vegetables.  She felt her mouth watering at the fresh tomatoes and small seeds that she sprinkled over everything.  She found bright orange carrots and the greenest broccoli she had ever seen.  She felt indulgent at the fresh food she was taking, but she couldn’t help it.  In the compound there were no windows, she hadn’t seen real sunlight since the day she had been taken in by the director.  It was the only way to keep her safe.  Fresh food was not readily available to her.  Even when it was, it was never in this abundance.
Once she was satisfied with her haul, Erika made her way to a table overlooking her “mark”.  His name was Brian Jones.  He was shorter than her with bright red hair and freckles that splashed across his pinkish skin.  His golden brown eyes looked out brightly around the room.  Erika felt less guilty as she saw his plate.  He had two large plates piled higher than hers with a selection of everything they had offered.  Erika watched him happily.  She was excited for this job opportunity, to protect who could possibly be her savior.  She watched him in wonder as she realized he would be the one to save all of her kind.  If the PC’ers were correct Brian would crack the code for infinite energy.  The Eastern Union would topple considering their biggest economic gain was psychic energy, and Erika would be free to eat all of the raw vegetables she pleased underneath the bright hot sun.
Erika smiled at Brian who finally met her eye.  He looked away quickly and blushed.  He hurriedly cleaned one plate and moved on to the next.  Erika busied herself with her salad and felt something buzz at her leg.  She opened her bag and pulled out the paper thin tablet that had been assigned to her on admission to Yarding.  She slid her finger across the screen to unveil her schedule and her room number.  Dawn Hall room 501.  Two doors down from Brian and directly in front of the elevator.  She shoveled another large bite of lettuce and carrot into her mouth and chomped happily.  Every class was the same as Brian’s.  She watched him through her transparent screen as he finished his plate and left.  She stayed behind to finish her food and to keep some space between them.  She didn’t want to seem like she was following him, besides he was safe on campus.  She was there as a precaution.   Erika crunched happily on her final piece of broccoli and felt gluttonously full.  She followed the other student’s example of leaving her tray and quickly grabbed her bag to head out after Brian.
Erika made her way to her room across the campus on the east side.  She rode the elevator up to the fifth floor and walked out briskly.  She nearly ran into Brian who was rushing toward it.
“Sorry!”  He murmured before rushing past her.
“My fault,” Erika assured him before greeting him with a smile.  He smiled back and the double doors closed in front of him.  Erika walked to her door and looked down the hall at Brian’s room.  The mat in front of his door was askew.  She smiled to herself and straightened it before she placed her index finger on the scanner in front of her door and it slid open effortlessly.
Erika couldn’t contain herself.  She opened up the small window that faced south and the large double doors that led to her balcony on the east.  She would get to see the rising sun every morning pour into her room.  She didn’t care about the humidity or the heat, the fact that she could breathe fresh air and feel the sun splash across her pale skin was almost too much for her.  She flung herself happily onto her fluffy double wide bed and felt herself slowly drift to sleep as the warm humid air wrapped itself around her like a warm blanket, welcoming her into the world with open arms.
Chapter 2

Monday morning arrived in a rush.  Erika awoke up with a jolt and realized the sun was bursting down on her through the open windows.  She groggily wiped her eyes and smiled brilliantly.  She stood up from her bed and brushed down her uniform to smooth out the wrinkles that had collected from sleeping in her school clothes.  She busied herself with brushing her teeth and tying her long shining black hair into ponytail.  She looked at herself in the mirror and pretended she was a normal girl, even if the moment was brief.  As she walked out of her door she realized she was later than she would have liked to be on her first day.  She should have set an alarm, but she had ended up sleeping all afternoon and through the night.  Her stomach growled angrily in protest as she busily planned her morning in her head, ruling out breakfast first so she could get to class early.  As she made her way toward the elevator she looked toward Brian’s door.  His doormat was askew.
“At least he started his day on time.”  Erika thought to herself as she entered the doorway and descended into the morning.
The Physics building was on the northwest side of the campus.  It was the same style of red bricked building as all of the others, but the walls were newer than any of the other buildings.  The building had better upkeep than any of the others.  The Physics department is what kept the school running.  It churned out the biggest and brightest in the science world.  It was another gleaming star in the Eastern Unions banner.   Brian would be right at home here.  Erika herself shuddered as she contemplated the rest of her day.  She wasn’t dull, but she wasn’t a brilliant as the other students she would be surrounded by.  She would have to work extra hard to fit in here.
Erika rounded the corner to walk straight to her first class of the day.  She was prepared to be observant and dutiful in her mission.  She looked up happily at the building and felt her smile fade away swiftly.  She stopped dead in her tracks as he brushed his long fingers through his thick blond hair.  His luminescent blue eyes scanned the area fervently.  Her new world collided head first into her old one as she spied Jack standing there, waiting for her.  She felt her stomach contort into a knot as she watched him from behind a nearby pillar.  He hadn’t seen her yet.  She tried to take in a deep breath, but it caught in her throat.  She clutched at her chest and turned around on her heels and walked briskly away.  Erika felt her heart thud rapidly in her chest.  She was sure he hadn’t seen her, but it was only a matter of time before she had to interact with him.
 “Why in the hell did he follow me?”  Erika thought frantically to herself.  She had expected to take on this assignment with one partner and now she was staring at her ex-boyfriend who would surely insist on working with her too.  Erika felt a million thoughts shoot through her brain and each was worse than the last.  She finally decided to walk around the building and enter from the other side.  She rounded the corner outside and walked as fast as her legs could carry her around the back of the building.  When she rounded the next corner to enter she felt her body thud against an unmovable force.  She slowly turned her head up and met his striking eyes.  His soft pink lips smiled mischievously at her.  She felt her heart stop in her chest as her eyes met his.
“Hi,” he managed to mutter, but Erika put on her best scowl and took a step away from him.
“I get that I am fresh in the field, but sending two people as back up is a bit much.”  Erika managed to spit out.
“I don’t get you Erika, I really don’t.  I gave you the best years of my life and you throw me away to play in the field?”  He said smiling at her with his boyishly crooked grin.
Erika felt her heart relent, but she urged herself to stay angry.  She had broken up with him to make a fresh start for herself in the outside world, and here he was following her.  She felt her pride sting as he smiled mischievously at her as if her breaking up with him was a huge joke.  She felt her world tumbling around her.  She balled up her hands into fists and her face flushed red as she stared him down.
“Why doesn’t the agency trust me Jack?  Why are you here?  And why are you smiling!?!”  Erika said feeling the heat and humidity begin to consume her.
“The agency trusts you just fine.  I went rogue on this one and decided to take a mission of my own.  I am here to watch over you because you are important to me.  I don’t know what’s going on with you and why you are so secretive all of the sudden.  I don’t even know where I stand with you, but I know where you stand with me.”  He said his smirk softening into a solemn frown.
In one broad step he was in front of her again.  His smell was intoxicating.  Jack naturally smelled of musk and just a dash of earth.  He was strong, but soft and everything Erika had always wanted in a boyfriend, but she had to pull herself away from her old life and Jack was the biggest part of that.  Jack seemed to realize the hold he had over her and took another smaller step toward her.  She turned her gaze up to meet him and he pushed his body against hers.  Erika felt her back push into the brick wall behind her.  She felt panicked and exhilarated.  She wanted to run from Jack, but she also wanted Jack to pursue her.  He brushed his long fingers down her face and began to lower his mouth to hers.  She could smell his sweet breath and felt it warm her skin.  Her arms were covered in goose bumps as Jack reached down his other hand and grabbed her wrist.  She could feel his pulse racing through his grip.  His lips lightly touched hers and she heard the bell chime.
“Shit, I’m late!”  She blurted.  She pushed Jack away from her as hard as she could.  He stumbled backward in surprise.  Only eight more chimes to go and she would be late on her first day.
“You know you aren’t really a student.”  Jack called after her, but Erika had bolted through the door.
Seven, six, five, four … the bells chimed and the haggard professor counted each one while keeping eye contact with her.
“Three more chimes to go young miss and you would have been locked out.”  He called after Erika.  Erika took a seat in the back directly next to Brian and attempted to catch her breath.
“Yes Professor Rodgers,” she responded dutifully.
“You are very lucky,” he countered, but she met him with a sly grin.
“I don’t believe in luck.”  This seemed to please the elderly professor.  He pointed a finger at her and grinned at her joke.
“Right you are,” he said and walked slowly up to the front of the class.
Class went by quickly for Erika.  She spent the majority of her time visiting the thoughts of others.  Brian mostly concentrated on Professor Rodgers whom he idolized.  There was a girl Erika recognized from yesterday with the bright purple hair and cheek piercings.  Erika watched her for a great deal of class in admiration.  She wasn’t afraid to dress and act herself.  Her uniform was disheveled, her hair was cut short and styled unlike any other person on campus and she had the happiest smile Erika had ever seen.  She mostly hummed music that was foreign to Erika in her head.  She was fascinating.  The bells chimed and signaled the hastened march to the next class.  Brian shot up from his seat and Erika chased after him.
“Hi, my name is Erika.”  She blurted out thrusting her hand into Brian’s for an awkward hand shake.
“Brian,” he answered softly.  His cheeks flushed and he turned his gaze away.
“So, how did you get into the Physics program?”  Erika asked forcing the conversation forward.  She already knew the answer, but she asked the question anyway for lack of a better way to have an initial conversation.
“Oh, uh, well I was the smartest kid in my village.”  Brian said his cheeks flushing further.  Erika nodded, but didn’t press further.  They walked slowly through the bustling students for their next class.  Erika wouldn’t press him if Brian didn’t want to talk, but surprisingly he met her eyes and smiled.
“Life is terrible in the villages; there isn’t enough food for everybody.  I was orphaned after my father was killed stealing food for my brothers and I.  I don’t know where they are anymore.  Slaves most likely.  I narrowly avoided slavery myself.”  Brian said breaking his gaze.  Erika felt her stomach tighten.  He paused, but continued.
“In the orphanage they put us into public school where they learned I had a knack for physics.  If it hadn’t been for that I never would have gotten here.  I am incredibly lucky.”  He smiled at himself and Erika couldn’t help but smile too.
“I don’t believe in luck.”  Erika reminded him and his smile grew wider.
“I have never told anybody that before.”  He said amazed at himself.
“I won’t tell anyone.”  Erika promised.  Brian shook his head and looked at her.
“It isn’t that, it’s just that most of the kids here come from the cities.  They don’t understand what it’s like.”  Brian said bluntly.  Erika nodded in agreement.
“I don’t come from the cities either.”  Erika admitted though she didn’t mean to.  She was glad to walk into the next classroom and take a seat in the back.  The purple haired girl followed them in followed by a statuesque man with ebony skin and piercing emerald eyes.  Erika couldn’t keep her eyes off of him.  She felt movement at her side and Brian took the seat next to her and whispered.
“Emiko and Montgomery,” he said pointing toward the pair.  “They were on my bus in from the villages.  They are really nice.”  He offered.  Erika smiled at him and nodded.  She was glad that Brian wasn’t shying away from her any longer.  She was doubly glad to have the name of the purple haired girl.
Brian tensed up next to her and Erika surveyed the room for the change.  Two men walked in and the room hushed in awe of their presence.  The first man was tall and lanky with light brown hair cut short against his head.  He wore his uniform tight and looked sternly at the other students.  The second man was short and stalky.  His deep black hair grew untamed and wild around his round face.  His face gleamed with charisma and importance.  He began to scan the room casually.  Brian seemed to buzz with excitement.  She looked at him, but he didn’t seem to notice.
“What’s wrong?”  She asked in alarm.  Erika began to ready herself to attack when Brian began to bounce in his seat next to her.
“You don’t know who they are?”  He asked incredulously.  Erika shook her head.
“Thomas and Harold.  They hold the top two spots in the physics department.  I heard they work on a secret government project in their dorm room worth billions of dollars.  I can’t believe it.”  Brian gushed.
Erika grew became apprehensive in the presence of the new intruders.  They walked into the room like celebrities, strutting up to the front and talking to their professor as if she worked for them.  They turned around and practically bowed to the class, everyone seemed to be overly excited by their presence.  Erika watched them warily.  Thomas seemed to notice her lack of excitement and met her with a wink.  She tilted her head in confusion, but he took a seat at the front and turned his back to her.
“They are so cool.”  Brian whispered.  Erika couldn’t help, but smile at his excitement.
Erika did much of the same during this class as the last.  She visited the minds of the students, pausing for a long while in Emiko's head, listening to her hum melodies to songs Erika wouldn’t be able to place.  The bells chimed quickly and everyone rushed out of the room.  Brian stayed in his seat watching his idols and Erika remained with him.  She busied herself with her tablet, pretending to type something up when she heard Brian gasp.  She looked up to see Thomas and Harold standing over them.
“I’ve heard of your work.   Brian, right?”  Thomas said politely.  He seemed to drop the celebrity act now that everyone else was gone.  Harold seemed bored and stared outside longing to leave.
“Y-yes.”  Brian answered.  Thomas smiled.
“I have a study group that meets in my penthouse.  It’s an invitation only sort of thing reserved for the most brilliant minds.   I have a project I would love to consult you on.  Would you like to join us?”  Thomas asked casually.
“Uhhh, Y ….”  Brian tried to answer.  His mouth hung open as he stared at the two.  Erika grabbed her bag and stood up from her seat.
“He’ll be there.”  She answered for him.  Thomas looked over at her and smiled from ear to ear.
“You’re welcome too of course, though I can’t say I’ve heard of you before the student roster was put out.”  He answered.  Erika grabbed Brian by the arm and guided him to the door.
“I’ll be there too.”  She answered unimpressed.
“Excellent.”  Thomas called after them as they left the classroom.  Brian seemed to break out into involuntary shakes again.
“I get to study with Thomas and Harold.”  He repeated to himself over and over as if everything that was happening was a dream. “I am the luckiest guy in the world.”  Brian said to the air.
“I don’t believe in luck.”  Erika reminded him and dragged him to their next class.
Chapter 3

Erika felt famished as she finally entered the cafeteria for dinner.  She ended up having to skip lunch as well as breakfast.  She had underestimated how busy she would be following Brian.  The bright overhead lights glared down on her and exacerbated the headache that had slowly crept in.  She had played around in people’s heads all day and it was taking its toll.  At the agency she only occasionally popped into someone’s mind to find out the goings on outside of the compound, but it hadn’t prepared her for the constant surveillance she was performing to maintain Brian’s safety.  She felt ravenous and exhausted.  She wished more than anything she hadn’t committed to the study group that night, but her job came before her own needs.  She took in a deep breath to steady herself and smiled hungrily at the long table lined with food.
She surveyed the delicious offerings for dinner.  There were tables among tables lined with steaming meats sizzling under hot lights and trained chefs with long sharp knives ready to serve on command.  Fruits emblazoned with colors Erika had never seen were delicately stacked in crystal bowls.  She felt herself salivating over the offerings and quickly grabbed a plate.  She picked some soft pink flaky fish and set it neatly on her mound of fresh cut lettuce.  She chose a pale orange apricot and a small bowl of ruby red cherries.  She lightly drizzled creamy dressing over her plate and marveled at the decadence of it.  Once she was satisfied that she had chosen all she cared to she turned to find her seat.  She scanned the room and quickly found Brian sitting alone in the center of the room.   She turned toward him and felt an involuntary smile creep across her face.  He briefly looked up from his own food and began to wave her over.  He greeted her with a giant crooked grin and sauce wiped messily on his face.
“How was your first day?”  Erika asked taking a seat across from him and stabbing her fork into a firm earthy mushroom.
“It isn’t over yet.  So far it has been the best day of my life!”  Brian exclaimed shoving a greasy piece of pizza into his mouth and wiping away the residual grease from his lips with the back of his hand.  “This is the best food on the planet,” he said enthusiastically.
“It really is.  I have never had fresh fruit like this,” Erika assessed while biting into her apricot.  She caught the eye of Greg as he strolled by with his dirty rag in hand wiping down the empty tables.  He winked at her and continued scrubbing.
“No offense Erika, but how can you eat that when there is much better food here?”  Brian asked crinkling his nose.
Erika nudged her fork through a crispy piece of lettuce.  She brought it to her mouth and closed her eyes in pure ecstasy as it crunched between her teeth.  She opened her eyes to see Brain looking at her in mock horror.  She tilted her head in confusion while he shook his head at her.  He bolted up from the table leaving her alone and confused.  Erika watched Brian scan along the food tables focusing in on each item and immediately rejecting it.  She left him to his task and pulled out her tablet.
“Here’s to a moment of solitude.”  She said to herself in exasperation.
Erika’s sole task should have been keeping Brian safe, but the allure of discovering her past was too much for her to ignore.  The secrecy pulled on her and tugged her away from her assignment.  She was dedicated to her job and what Brian could offer her future, but it was her past that dragged her down.   She placed the tablet on the table in front of her and stared at the screen.  It sprang to life without a touch.  She felt her head throb using her power to interface with the technology.  She had worn herself down too much using her powers all day.  She felt the familiar electricity pulse through her, guiding her to use her mind to control the screen in front of her, but she picked it up in her hands and used it like anyone else would.  She slid her finger across the screen typing in the few facts she knew about her mother.  She needed to gather as much information as she could before her job ended.  The PC’ers had been vague about the timeframe.  She could be there for a few weeks to a few years.  She couldn’t waste what little free time she had so she set herself to work.  Once her job with Brian was done she wasn’t sure she would ever be allowed to leave the compound again.  It had been hard enough to get one assignment let alone trying to get another.  Her power was invaluable in finding those that needed help the most.  Erika felt her heart tug as she thought of all those that would be lost while she was in the field.  She looked around the food hall, at the fresh food and the laughing jovial classmates around her.
“How much do I have to sacrifice so that others can live?”  She asked herself woefully.
Erika shook her head to chase away questions she couldn’t answer.  She had to focus.  She swiped through her notes on the case and paused on a picture of her mother.  It was a picture of a stranger that she had no emotional connection to.  The picture didn’t stir anything in her, and it made her feel infinitely sad.  The woman looked glowing in the photograph with deep chestnut brown hair and dark puddles of mud for her eyes.  Her smile reached across her face lighting up Erika’s screen.  She looked as if nothing in the world could bring her down.  Erika wondered if she ever thought of her, tried to look for her or even smiled like that anymore.  She knew the death squad hadn’t gotten her from her file, but past that she couldn’t seem to find her.  Erika began swiping through the facts once more pausing on a picture of her father when a tray slammed into the table. Two plates covered in noodles and various sauces landed next to her and a familiar scent greeted her.  Erika shoved her tablet quickly back into her bag and reluctantly looked up and half smiled at Jack.
“Hey Erika have you met Jack yet?  He’s hilarious!”  Brian beamed as he sat down opposite her.  He placed a plate of cheese pizza in front of her grinning.
“You will never survive the physics program if you don’t start eating more carbs.  You’ll burn out quickly.  Things are about to get really intense around here.”  Brian’s face softened and he seemed genuinely concerned.  Erika reached for the plate eyeing the pizza nervously.
“Thanks,” she said wearily.
“You should have said you were picking that up for Erika, I could have saved you some time.  If you want her to eat real food instead of rabbit food you have to know how to pick it.”  Jack said looking around the room quickly.  Brian looked between Erika and Jack and began to smile nervously.
“Do you two know each other?” Brian asked with his cheeks flushing.
Erika began to scramble to formulate some sort of back story that could explain how two people in separate programs at the school could possibly know each other when Jack reached an arm around her shoulder and smiled slyly at Brian.
“Erika and I grew up together.  We were dating until a few weeks ago.  Then she decided that she needed to change everything, and that included me.  We’re still trying to be friends though.”  Jack rambled and then jumped up from his seat and disappeared toward the food tables.
“I am so sorry Erika, I didn’t know.  I wouldn’t have invited him over here…” Brian’s voice began to shake from nervousness.
“You couldn’t have known. Jack is harmless.  We really are trying to be friends.”  Erika reassured him.
Jack returned with a small plate.  Erika’s eyes grew wide and she shoved her quickly wilting lettuce aside and reached for it.  A small delicate cake filled with strawberries and luscious white cream sat in front of her.  Jack smiled genuinely at her and held up a glimmering silver fork.  She reached for it without taking her eyes off of her treasure and dug in hungrily.
“Erika has a wicked sweet tooth,” Jack offered to Brian.
“I see,” Brian said with a grin.
Erika delicately cut into the cake and ate slowly.  Her eyes closed and fluttered at the decadent pleasure as the sweet berries burst with flavor on her tongue.  She savored each and every creamy, sweet and tart bite.
“This is perfection,” she exclaimed looking over at Jack.  “Thank you.”
“You’re welcome,” he said standing up from his seat.  “You two kids have fun studying the night away.  Don’t stay up too late,” he said with a bow and grabbed his tray and left for the other side of the room.
“Why did you two break up?”  Brian asked eating the pizza that Erika had rejected.  Erika began to fall into her own thoughts barely coherent of what Brian was asking.
“I don’t really remember,” she finally settled on before her mind was filled with nothing but happy memories of her first love.  She tried to chase them away, but Jack always had a habit of lingering.
Erika finished her last bite of cake and felt a tug at her heart.  She remembered back to her dark work room lined with bright monitors that stared back at her lifelessly.  She was pale and always on the edge of being sick.  Jack became attached to her almost immediately.  He was born to be an agent the director had always said, and he was the best at his job.  He could have had anyone, but he had always been drawn to her.  He brought her back presents from every job he had ever been on.  From pictures and small trinkets to sweets and small flowers.  Erika’s small room with grey walls and pristine white sheets had transformed into an eclectic collection of trinkets of love.  She wasn’t sure why she broke up with Jack.  He was her key to the outside world and once she was able to enter it herself she rejected him.  She felt immensely guilty, but it had always felt like the right decision.  She looked over at Jack and felt pangs of regret shoot through her.
“Are you okay?”  Brian asked reluctantly.  Erika looked up feeling tears welling at the corners of her eyes.  She clenched her fists at her sides urging herself to keep it together.
“Of course.  I am just contemplating whether to have more cake,” she lied.  Brian grinned at her and nodded.
“Definitely!  Let’s load up on tons of sugar.  We are going to be up all night studying!” He exclaimed and leapt from his seat toward the table with desserts.
Erika stood up and couldn’t help herself from smiling at his enthusiasm.  As they walked slowly down the table covered in cakes, puddings and bowls of jiggling colors they became overwhelmed at the possibilities. Erika became absorbed in Brian’s enthusiasm for everything.  She had never seen anyone become so excited at absolutely anything, especially knowledge.  She herself liked to learn, but was more excited by watching the leaves fall from the trees at the changing season than learning about particles, waves or even the stars in the sky.
Brian and Erika retook their seats, each with a plate covered in sugary sweets.  Erika felt a pang of paranoia sweep over her.  She glanced nervously around the room and met Jack’s eyes.  He winked at her and grinned.  She quickly turned away and bit nervously into her tira misu.  Jack was watching her.
“Did he lie about the agency?”  She asked herself nervously.  “Is he really here to watch me on his own or by their order?”  Erika looked back at him, watching him carefully, but this time he didn’t meet her eyes.
“We really should get to studying,” Brian said pulling out his tablet and swiping his finger across his screen staring at complex equations.
“Aren’t we going to study later?”
Brian looked at her quizzically, “Of course we are, but we need to brush up on everything before we do.  That way when we get there we can get to the good stuff.”
Erika looked at him reluctantly, but pulled out her own tablet.  She pulled up the same equations he was looking at.  Brian seemed absorbed in the math, but Erika couldn’t make heads or tails of it.  She hardly understood what he was saying to himself in his mind and it made her head throb just listening to him.  She pulled herself out of his mind and focused instead on finishing her dessert.  She looked over at Jack once more.  He swirled his spoon in circles on his plate absorbed in his food.  She wanted nothing more than to bolt up from her seat, run across the room and press her lips firmly into his.  She wanted to feel his hands grab her head and kiss her deeply like he used to when he came back from his trips around the world.  He would tangle his fingers into her hair and press his body into hers as he kissed her desperately, making up for the time lost between them.  She felt guilty and heart sick.  She wanted to take back her decision to end things with him.  She felt angry with herself and with him for making this so much harder for her.  She had given up on him when he refused to give up on her.
“Oh it’s almost time!”  Brian bolted up from his seat knocking his glass of water toward the floor.  In a flash Erika leaned over and grabbed the glass.  A single drop hit the floor.  Erika felt her head rush uncomfortably as she sat back up and set the glass on the table.
“You have great reflexes,” Brian gushed.
“I’ll take those,” Greg offered.  He tilted his head toward Jack and Erika nodded at him.
“You’re right Brian, we should head off.”  She stood up and grabbed her bag, she hesitated, but looked back at Greg.  “Thanks,” she simply offered as he wiped down their table and grabbed their plates.
“You’re welcome,” he said with a knowing grin.
Erika and Brian exited the cafeteria.  Erika grabbed Brian’s arm in hers and rushed them to Dawn Hall, to the penthouse suite.  Jack stood up to follow them, but Greg stood in front of him.
“I wouldn’t do this,” Jack said sternly looking up at Greg.  Jack was smaller than Greg, but was intimidating when he wanted to be.  Greg took a seat opposite him and smiled.
“I wouldn’t do a lot of things.  I figure you and I should set some ground rules.” Greg said pointedly.  He looked over at Jack who took a seat.  He folded his arms across his chest like a petulant child being scolded.
“Well?” Jack insisted.
“You can follow the girl all you want to, but the second you invade her privacy or step on her toes I will end you.” Greg cracked his knuckles and set his hands firmly on the table.  Jack sat up in his seat and uncrossed his arms.
“Agreed.”  He said simply.
“Second, if you are going to be hanging around you might as well make yourself useful. Erika can only get so far with the boy seeing as she is a girl.  You fill in the gaps that she can’t.  Back her up and make her look good to the agency and I won’t get in your way.”  Greg stood up from the table and without a glance back and left Jack sitting at the table with his mouth agape watching Erika rush away from him with Brian in tow.
Chapter 4

Brian bounced giddily as Erika pushed the button for the penthouse suite.  Most of the physics department resided in Dawn hall.  It made it fantastically convenient.  Erika breathed a sigh of relief when the doors closed and they were alone.  Greg had held up Jack long enough for them to get to the penthouse unfollowed.  Erika began to feel territorial.  This was her job and she needed to do it herself.  She hated that Jack felt he needed to protect her from everything.  Erika looked over at Brian who was vibrating with excitement.
“I can’t believe I get to go to the penthouse on my first day of school!  I thought I would have to do more to prove myself.  This is unbelievable!” He enthused.
Brian clenched his fists at his sides and breathed deeply trying to calm himself down, but he only seemed to make his cheeks redder and himself dizzy.  Erika smiled at him and felt herself becoming equally as excited as him, though she wasn’t sure why.  She had no interest in physics and didn’t understand any of it, but it was hard not to be happy when Brian was beaming.  Erika found herself completely at ease with him. She wasn’t sure if it was a good thing or not.  She began to wonder if her newfound friendship with Brian would compromise her job when the door dinged open.  They exited the elevator and walked a few short steps to a bright red door.  Erika knocked as Brian shied toward the wall and waited.  Out of breath, Thomas opened the door and motioned for them to enter before walking back into the living room.  Erika looked over at Brian raising an eyebrow and then leading the way into the penthouse.
Emiko and Montgomery sat in a corner on bean bag chairs sharing a tablet between them and discussing something seriously.  Erika smiled at Emiko who smiled back to her.  Her cheek piercings glimmered brightly in the dull light of the room.  Butterflies flew around in Erika’s stomach, and she realized that for the first time in her life she was nervous about making friends.  She had been raised with a few others like her who were protected by the agency, and had befriended a few of the agents who frequented her facility, but she had never had the ability to have real friends.  Brian walked over to the long wall in the living room and began to scan it with intensity.  It was covered in numbers and symbols hand drawn onto the white paint.  Erika had no way of understanding any of it.  She scanned the room making sure to focus on entry points and everyone in the room.
Thomas and Harold were arguing on a much smaller wall.  Half was painted white, the other half blue.  Harold towered over Thomas, practically spitting out his argument while Thomas glowed red with fire at Harold’s audacity to question him.  Erika smiled at their exchange.  She stood in the center of the room surrounded by bean bag chairs, numbers and letters drawn on nearly every surface and in the corner three more students huddled around a singular tablet eyeing her suspiciously.  She gave them a tiny smile which they refused to return and looked back toward their tablet with intensity.  They projected an image in the middle of their gathering from the tablet.  Tiny balls painted red and blue spun around glowing white circles and every once in a while one of them would reach out to the image and manipulate it slightly and change the rhythmic dance of the balls.
“Pretty neat huh,” a voice behind Erika spoke.  She spun on her heel and found herself face to face with Emiko.
“Yeah, I’m overwhelmed by all of this.”  Erika said feeling herself become dizzy and short of breath.
“Don’t be.  This program is so much chiller than the one I was in before.  I am second year; I did my first stint in Tokyo and had to transfer out.  It was way too intense.”  She said looking over to Thomas and Harold.  “These two guys right here saved my life; I never would have survived where I was.  Here I can live free.”  She offered cryptically.  Erika wanted to press further, but found herself reluctant to ask more questions.  She was nervous and shy around Emiko.  She had never met anyone like her before.
“Someone should make the introductions here.”  Emiko announced out loud to the room.  Thomas and Harold stopped fighting and looked over to their tiny ring leader.
“Since Tommy and Harry are too busy fighting I will do it for them.”  She said looking over at them with a wicked grin.  She pointed at them first.
“So we have boss man 1 and boss man 2.”  She said pointing with a giggle.
“I think you have those backwards,” Thomas said matching her grin.
“No she doesn’t, shut up!” Harold spat at Thomas.  His grin fell and he went back to glaring at his roommate.
“Then we have the babies Brian, Erika and Monty, please treat them with kindness.”  She pointed to each person and paused at Erika winking.
“Last, but not least we have the third year trio, Skip, Helen and Carol.”
Emiko bowed and took her seat next to Montgomery again.  Erika looked over to the trio who didn’t budge at the sound of their names.
“They get pretty absorbed in their own work.  They probably won’t even notice you.”  Thomas said beside Erika.
“What’s that about?”  She asked pointing to the oddly painted wall.  Thomas grinned wickedly.
“I think the room should be a lovely ocean breeze blue, but stuck up Harold here thinks everything should be pristine white.  He will never break out of his shell and experiment with the world.”
“What are we girls!?!”  Harold spat out, his cheeks reddening.  He looked over to Erika and closed his mouth tight.  “Not that being a girl is a bad thing.”  He looked away from her guiltily and picked up a nearby paintbrush.  He threw it against the blue side of the wall leaving an oddly chaotic white streak down the wall.  He grimaced at his own outburst and fell onto the floor into a large bean bag chair opposite Emiko and Montgomery.
“No, now I think we are children.”  Thomas said with a small laugh.  He took his seat next to Harold and reached over to a nearby cooler.  Erika took the seat next to him while Brian finally tore himself away from the wall and sat on the other side of Harold.  Thomas opened the cooler and pulled out glass bottles filled with dark purple liquid.
“Drink up kiddies, let’s study!” He said as he tossed a bottle to everyone in the room except for the trio who were still fascinated by their projection.  They were isolated outside of the circle and didn’t seem to mind.
“What is this?”  Montgomery asked nervously.  Emiko reached over her hand and lightly touched his cheek.
“Oh it’s so cute when they’re new.” Emiko cooed sweetly.  Montgomery blushed, but leaned into her hand happily.
Brian opened up his bottle and it began to hiss.  He nearly jumped out of his seat while Erika eyed him nervously.  Thomas began to laugh in his chair.  Even stern Harold cracked a smile.
“It’s his joke to the study group.  To the new ones that is.  We don’t actually do much studying here.  The physics department is a rough ride and we like to invite the top students here to unwind.  The bottle contains a beverage called soda.  They don’t have it in the villages.  Only the elite get it in the cities.”  Harold explained.  He politely twisted off his cap and took a dainty sip.  “It’s perfectly safe.”
Brian and Montgomery joined in.  They faces lit up at their first taste.  Erika brought the bottle up to her nose and breathed in deeply.  It was sickly sweet to smell, and she scrunched up her face at it.
“Try it.  I promise you’ll like it.”  Brian smiled at her enthusiastically and she couldn’t help but give in.
Erika slowly brought the bottle up to her lips and took a small sip.  She couldn’t immediately tell what her feelings on the drink were.  It bubbled in her mouth and it tingled down her throat.  She grinned at the experience, but it was as sickly sweet as it smelled and she could feel the sugar coursing through her veins.  The soda on top of the cake was going to take its toll on her.
“Delicious,” she declared to the group who watched her expectantly.  She took another sip and found herself liking it more.
“Thomas at his best.” Harold held up his bottle and the rest followed suit.  “To mother science and all the knowledge she can provide us if we can gain the strength and fortitude to seek out the answers.”
The group drank from their bottles and grinned at one another.  Brian finished his drink in one large gulp.  Thomas looked over at him proudly and tossed him another one.
“The dean gets these for us so drink as much as you want.  It pays to be elite,” Thomas said cockily.  Brian began to hesitate at the treat, but opened it up greedily and took another swig.  “It’s supposed to be grape but I don’t taste it.  Last year we got a giant stock of raspberry.  That’s my favorite.”
Erika fell into a completely relaxed state.  She felt the rush of sugar and comfort of new friends wash over her as she sank into the overly stuffed chair.  She leaned her head back and stared at the white wall with jumbles of letters and numbers in front of her.  Thomas and Harold bickered as only those that knew each other to their core could do.  Emiko poked, jabbed and lightheartedly teased like a younger sister trying to fit in with her older, cooler brothers while Montgomery and Brian sat back and enjoyed their newfound status as the cool kids in school.  Erika was content to be the quiet girl in the corner, secretly watching everyone.  She was too tired to delve into their heads and read their thoughts.  Her headache had finally subsided, but the late hour and fatigue had begun to creep up on her.  She began to feel her eyes become heavy, refusing to lift.  She looked over the numbers and equations on the long white wall like a bed time story quietly telling itself to her, to comfort her into sleep when she saw it.  She sat upright and her eyes bolted open.  She had seen this equation only once before.  On the computer as she received the message from the PC’ers.  This equation or at least part of it appeared over and over in their message.  It was the equation that would change the world and free her from the shackles of her mountain dungeon.   It was the beginnings of the equation for infinite energy.  Thomas leaned forward and whispered into her ear.
“We can’t seem to get it beyond this stage.  It’s not complete yet.  That is why the dean bends over backwards for us.  The Eastern Union is sponsoring us to finish this.”
“The Eastern Union is sponsoring this?”  Erika asked incredulously.
Erika looked over the whole board once more and realized that she did understand some of it.  She found another equation that she knew quite well.  Thomas nodded next to her as he followed her gaze.
“The sacrifice equation,” she whispered under her breath.  The equation used to determine how much a person’s life was worth, and how it equated to their energy output.  She felt chills run down her spine.  She figured it out for herself once.  She would be a high output, low risk scenario for them.  Some of the younger psychics without much power tend to drain off more energy than they produce when thrown into the energy chamber.  It was morbid of her to do the math, but it was something she had to do.
“I don’t agree with it either.  I would rather we live like cavemen than kill that way.  I can’t imagine a more horrifying way to go.”  Thomas said through gritted teeth.  He pointed higher up on the board.
“That is why Harold and I are working so hard to fix that.  I have seen what they do in those chambers and I will make sure it is a thing of the past,” he said leaning back into his chair.
“You’ve been there?”  Erika asked in awe.  Her mouth began to feel dry and she had trouble swallowing.  Thomas looked at her confused and lowered his voice.
“You don’t know who I am?”  He asked, almost with amusement.  Erika shook her head and Thomas smiled kindly at her.
“It’s refreshing, honestly.”  He pointed up toward the sacrifice equation.  “That equation there was created by Bradford Harrington, my great great grandfather,” he said with shame.
Erika nodded her head and leaned back into her chair.  She felt her stomach roil uncomfortably.  She looked at Thomas carefully.  She wondered if he was truly friend or foe.  Erika began to sink into her chair.  The cold hard fabric wrapped around her holding her in tight.  She felt secure next to Thomas.  She looked at his sad smile and decided that he definitely wasn’t a foe.  Something about him was reassuring, while cocky; charismatic, but snobbish.  He wanted to shed off his legacy, and she knew that Brian would help him do it.  Erika felt herself near tears.  She was tired and overwhelmed at the prospect of everything falling together.  The equation that would save her life was scribbled across the white wall in front of her and the person that would solve it was sitting three bean bag chairs away from her guzzling down grape soda and grinning at her.
Chapter 5

“Good night!” Brian chirped as he entered his room still glowing with an overflow of sugar and newfound friendship.  His matt swerved askew as he pivoted his foot clumsily against it and waved excitedly as he shut is door.  Erika moved to straighten it.  She entered her own room and plopped down face first against her bed.  A shadow moved behind her and she found herself smiling into her sheets.
“You’re late,” she mumbled into her soft cottony comforter.
“I know. I’m sorry.”  Jack whispered playfully to her.  He took a seat at her desk and began to occupy his hands with a pen.  Twirling and flinging it into the air.
“I’m exhausted, let’s make this quick.”  Erika rolled onto her back and slowly sat up.  Jack raised an eyebrow expectantly at her, but she scoffed at him and threw a pillow at his head.
“I meant to discuss Brian.  The meeting in the penthouse was productive.”  Erika tried to formulate coherent thought, but she was exhausted from a long day.
“Are you sure your boy is still here?  How are you tracking him?”  Jack asked getting down to business.  His playful expression had left his face and he was filled with concern and strategy.  Erika smiled at him and got up from her bed.  She slowly opened her door, popped her head out.  She smiled at the straightened mat and shut her door behind her.
“My boy, as you put it, is in bed.  Tucked away for the night as I should be too.”
“I am hoping this stays as easy as it has been for you.”  Jack said wearily.  He looked at Erika’s indignant expression and quickly corrected himself.  “I don’t doubt your abilities as an agent.  Had I not recommended it for you, you wouldn’t be out here.  However, something of this caliber, what Brian will be able to do, there will be people who will try to stop him at any cost.”
“This whole situation is just strange.”  Erika said and let her head sink.
“You don’t know the half of it.”  Jack said in exasperation.
Erika looked at Jack and tilted her head.  She was confused by his words and his sudden seriousness.  He wasn’t telling her something, but he wasn’t prepared to fill her in.  He stood up from his seat and walked to her window, staring out into the dark abyss that surrounded Dawn Hall and lost himself in thought.
“Thomas and Harold are working on the infinite energy equation.”  Erika announced.  Jack slowly turned to her an eyebrow raised.
“Are they?  Then everything is happening quicker than we thought.”  Jack answered with a gleeful smirk.
Erika smiled and leaned back into her bed, staring at her ceiling.  “This is all really happening.  Everything is falling in together, and the death squads will be a thing of the past.  I won’t have to go back to the windowless agency.  They have equations all over their walls I don’t understand, but I figured part of it out.”  She said proudly.
“So is Brian just supposed to swoop in and finish their work?”  He asked absentmindedly.  He refused to look at her now which seemed odd.  Erika sat up straight in her bed and felt alarm shoot through her.
“He is definitely hiding something.”  She thought to herself.  She watched him closely as he remained unmoving.  Finally he turned to her and mock smiled.
“I’m so happy that this will all be over soon.”  He cooed as he took a seat on her bed.
Erika shook her head.  She wasn’t buying his attitude.  He was definitely hiding something and she wasn’t going to sit back and ignore his coyness at the situation.
“What do you know that you aren’t telling me?  Why are you here Jack?”  Erika asked becoming flustered.
She moved her body closer to the edge of the bed.  Closer to him, feeling the gap that she had created between them begin to close.  She reached her hand up to touch his cheek.  She could feel the heat of his skin rise as her hand neared.  He began to lean into her hand as someone knocked on the door.  Jack bristled up with tension.
 “Relax,” she said with a smile.  Erika walked to the door and pushed against the handle.  Jack reached out and pulled her back and behind him roughly.  She wasn’t used to Jack being this jumpy.
“Don’t open it. You don’t know who it could be.”  He growled desperately.
Erika looked up at him in shock as the knock sounded again.  “Either tell me what you are hiding or I open the door and I see what dangers face me.” She said with defiance.
Jack leaned his forehead into hers and closed his eyes.  She could feel him struggle.  He shook his head at her and she shoved him away.  She reached for the door and pushed against the handle opening it.  Jack rushed at the door to stop the newcomer.  Erika smirked while she sat calmly at her bed.  She opened up her side table drawer and pulled out a small cuff that she fit snugly around her ear.  Greg entered the room and shoved Jack into the wall pointing a gun to his head.
“Rule 2 boy.”  He growled.  The door shut automatically behind them and Erika chuckled.
“Now boys play nice.  Either work together or kill each other.  I am far too tired to deal with this right now.”
Greg let go of Jack who seemed hesitant to back down from the fight between them, but inevitably did.  He took a step away from Greg and took up a post at the open back door.  Erika watched them both silently size each other up, fighting for the Alpha position between them.  She rolled her eyes at the power struggle and turned the cuff on her ear.  Her entire face lit up with an azure light and she fell into the familiar trance.
“Agent Fields.  I was wondering how late I would have to wait for you to check in.”  Director David Smith sat casually back in his leather bound swivel chair.  He spun it around dramatically to look at her while playing around with a rubix cube.  Erika tried her best not to smirk, but David seemed to notice.
“You know agent Fields it took a really long time to set this all up.  You could have at least been on time,” he said sitting up in his chair and nearly fell out.  He managed to grab the arm of the chair and steady himself ungracefully.  Erika held her hand up to her face to hide her smile without success.
“I have some news.”  Erika announced fighting her giggles.  David stood up and walked toward her.  Her image shown in hues of blue in his office.  He smiled at her kindly.
“How are you liking the new job?  We miss you here.”  He leaned into the desk behind him crossing his arms across his chest.
“Brian is fairly easy to survey.  He is brilliant.  I foresee no difficulties in staying in my position here.  Mild headaches, but I think those will go away with time.  I have been in a lot of heads today.  Harold Fell and Thomas Harrington are already working on the equation.  Brian is the last piece of that puzzle.  They have naturally formed a study group around each other and I will watch for the outcome.  It shouldn’t be long now.”  She reported with pride.  David smiled at her and nodded his head.
“Anything else to report?”  He asked pulling out his tablet and absent mindedly typing into it.
“I do.”  Erika hesitated.  “Why is Jake here?  Did you not trust me with this assignment or is there something larger at play here that I am unaware of?”
David flinched at the mention of Jake’s name.  He stood up a straighter and set down his tablet.  He met Erika’s gaze, flashing her a boyish grin.  He was strikingly different from his father, Erika noted.  His father had always been cold and rigid.  She had only known him as an old man and assumed he had been that way his whole life.  His stark white hair and piercing blue eyes flashed into her mind.  He was her one and only memory of her childhood.  Everything else existed in her mind in a hazy blur.  She remembered her mother letting go of her tiny hand and Director James Smith taking it in his.  The only smile she would ever see on his face shone down on her that day and assured her that everything would be alright.  From then on out he had been cold and hard to her, but never cruel.
David was his stellar opposite.  From a young age he had treated her like a younger sister, teasing her and protecting her.  When his father had died last year he had taken his spot, and the agency changed.  Those never allowed in the field before had been given the opportunity, and Erika saw her moment.  She smiled at her pseudo brother and sometimes mentor awaiting a response.  He seemed flustered and still clumsy as he began to pace awkwardly in his office.
“He’s been drinking.”  Erika thought to herself as she noticed the red haze across his face and his disheveled hair.  “Something’s wrong with him too.”  She thought in exasperation.
“Jack is there just in case.  It’s your first time and I wanted you to have extra protection.  No other reason.  Stop being so paranoid.”  David shot at her playfully.  He returned his focus to his tablet and pretended to be absent minded.  Erika saw through him.
“Hey David” Erika said with a smile.  He looked up at her raising his eyebrows.  “Remember not to flinch when you lie.  You give yourself away.” Erika said gathering her face in the most disappointed look she could muster.  She quickly added David’s name to the ever growing list of people she couldn’t trust.  He nearly dropped his tablet as Erika turned her ear piece and woke up to Greg and Jack looking at her expectantly.
“Any news from David?”  Asked Greg nearly bored.
Erika ignored him and turned her attention toward Jack.  “What are you and David not telling me?”  Erika asked with a mixture of annoyance and anger.  Jack looked away from her and shook his head.  He tried to open his mouth, an internal struggle overtook him, but in the end he just shook his head again.
“You are unbelievable.”  Erika spat out in frustration.  Jack looked up at her in both surprise at her anger and wounded from her tone, but she didn’t care.    She had been a foolish love sick girl earlier to think that Jack’s only reason for following her was because he loved her and wanted to watch out for her.  Jack was on his own mission and he wasn’t willing to share.  It irritated Erika more than it should, but she wasn’t going to let go of her anger yet.
“You are in so far over your head you can’t even see the surface anymore.”  Jack said in a low voice.  Erika felt chills run down her spine as he slowly looked up at her.  His bright eyes seemed to dim and his brow furrowed with worry.  “I am here to protect you from yourself.  I’ll see myself out.”  Jack walked over to the balcony and disappeared into the shadows of the night.
“What is your job in all of this?”  Erika asked turning to Greg.
“I don’t know what this background drama is, but my only job is to protect the boy until the day that is no longer my job.  No more no less.”  He said matter of factly looking outside toward the open balcony.  The bright full moon shone down overhead.  Erika turned her head to match his gaze outside.
“That being said I don’t like this.  I’m on it.”  Greg said walking out of the front door.
Erika heard the door click shut behind him.  She reached up trying to hit her light switch but couldn’t reach without getting out of bed.  She heaved a heavy sigh and used her mind to shut off all the lights.  They popped off at once and a sharp pain shot through her head.  She watched the bright moonlight fill her room as her eyes adjusted to the dark.  She hugged her pillow close to her and curled up into a ball around it.  She sighed another heavy sigh and felt tears well at the corners of her eyes.  She found herself oddly homesick for her cell inside the agency.  She felt like she was suffocating in all the fresh air around her.  She felt herself choking and hugged the pillow tighter as the warm tears spilled around her.  Jack and David were hiding things from her and it sickened her.  She didn’t know who she could count on or confide in.  Her mind wandered to Brian and his brilliant smile.  She found herself smiling through her tears thinking back over the night and stopping on her memory of his first taste of soda.  She felt conflicted with her job and attached to someone she shouldn’t.  Brian was the friend she could never have.
Erika rolled over in bed.  Her stomach churned uncomfortably at the thought of her job ending.  She couldn’t go back, she knew that now.  She couldn’t live in that grey hole after she had seen the bright world.  She resolved herself to stick with Brian even after the energy chambers were demolished.  She would be his protection always.  She had only met him the day before, but she felt as if she had known him her whole life.  His innocence would need protecting forever.  His honesty and truth were part of his core and regardless of the agencies demands, protecting him would be her only task.  Erika felt her tears stop as the feeling of betrayal began to fade away with her new resolve.  Erika rolled over in her bed and wrapped herself in her blankets.  She closed her eyes and felt herself drift into an uneasy sleep.
Chapter 6

The weeks seemed to fly by for Erika.  Her routine became mundane and predictable and she loved every second of it.  If it weren’t for the perpetually falling leaves she wouldn’t have guessed any time had passed.  She wasn’t making much headway in her search for her parents.  She had their names sure, but she couldn’t find anything about them past the day that they handed her to the agency and the death squad burned down her village.  Erika found herself pleased with her job, but frustrated with her research.  Her mother was as elusive as ever.  She found herself avoiding Jake and his secrets.  She also found herself caring less that he even had secrets.  He hardly entered her mind at all anymore.  She had done her best to close those feelings off and would continue to do so.  Now she remembered why she had broken up with him.  She couldn’t believe she had so much trouble recalling before.  She stuck by Brian and her new resolve.  She couldn’t see herself as anyone but his protector any longer.  Erika found herself growing into her abilities and her headaches had decreased.  She could float around into others heads with ease and it became second nature to her.
Erika leaned back into her bean bag chair and closed her eyes.  She drifted into the Trios minds, but they were only thinking about the newest 3D image they were building.  They manipulated the projected image with ease and seemed pleased with their results.  Erika quickly moved on.   She floated into Brian’s head, but all of his thoughts were about his glamorous new relationship with Thomas and Harold.  They were quite the trio themselves lately.  They whispered over their tablets and scribbled furiously with their fingers.  Erika ventured into Emi’s head and quickly left it.  She was thinking about Monti and she was sure he was thinking about her.  She wouldn’t invade their privacy like that.
Erika quickly found herself relaxing.  She began to drift into a light sleep.  Her mind wandered to a void and then quickly sunk into the darkness.  She had never felt anything like it before.  She began to panic when she realized the void she was in was someone’s mind. A mind that had blocked itself from her, that consciously understood her and had made itself void of her seeing.  She was surrounded by blackness and felt herself falling backwards because of it.  She kept cascading down into the shadows as all the light around her vanished.  Someone was pulling her into unconsciousness and wasn’t going to let her out.  Erika began to scream.
“Hey Erika, it’s okay, it’s just a bad dream.” Brian said rushing to her side.
Erika threw open her eyes and found herself on her back struggling against the grip of Harold and Thomas while Brian leaned over her trying to calm her down.  They all looked worried.  Except for Emiko who stood up and placed her hands on her hips.   Erika sat up with the help of Thomas and looked around startled.  Even the trio looked at her with concern.
“What happened?”  She gasped.
“You fell asleep and then started thrashing and yelling.  I thought we would never wake you.”  Brian said shakily.
He looked at her full of worry.  His usual cheery disposition was replaced with a furrowed brow and deep concern.  Erika felt guilty that she had troubled him.  She tried to put on a calm smile to reassure him.  She hadn’t remembered falling asleep or even thrashing around.  She could have sworn she just shut her eyes a moment ago.  Emiko huffed loudly and everyone turned to her.
“That does it!  If Erika is so bored that she is falling asleep in her chair and having nightmares about being here than we have lost it.  We need to do something so epic we will never forget it!”  She looked around the room, but found no volunteers.  She sat roughly down on her bean bag chair and began to pout.
“That sounds like a fantastic idea!  I haven’t had a night out in ages.”  An unlikely voice called out from the corner.  Skip stood up to take a stand with Emiko.  She smiled from ear to ear and bounced back to her feet.
“That’s the spirit!”  She cried out as she thrust a fist triumphantly in the air.
Erika looked around reluctantly.  She wasn’t sure what they had in mind and wanted to keep Brian contained and safe.  Harold and Thomas seemed to share her reluctance.  They remained in their bean bags holding a tablet between them, exchanging sideways glances.
“What do you have in mind?”  Monti asked rising to his feet to stand beside Emiko.
“How about some dancing!”  She started to sway her hips to music only she could hear.  Erika watched Monti blush under his dark skin and a wry smile peak out from his large lips.
“I know a great place nearby.”  Helen announced from the floor.
She pushed a button on her tablet and their 3D display fluttered out and their corner of the room went dark.  Carol stood up and quietly stretched.  Her slender body reminded Erika of the ballerina’s she saw in videos.  She had long blond hair and bright blue eyes that lit up the room.
“I’m game for dancing too.”  She said quietly.
Erika felt everything spiraling out of control.  They were all going to leave campus and she was blank on how to convince them otherwise.  Erika tried to open her mouth, but she couldn’t find any words to say.  She realized that she had already lost.
“How are we going to go dancing without going through the front gate?  Isn’t it forbidden?”  She asked finally finding some words.  She began to feel panicked at the prospect of venturing out into the dark.  The memory of her dream made her shudder.
“We won’t go through the front gate.  Trust me.”  Skip said with a wink in her direction.
Brian was already on his feet and heading for the door.  Thomas and Harold shrugged and followed him.  Erika panicked and looked around the room for anything to stop them, but she was immediately defeated.  Everyone began to pour out of the room.  Emiko placed her hands on Erika’s back and began to push her from the penthouse.
“Come on sweetheart.  I promise dancing isn’t that hard.  It’ll be fun.”  Emiko was upbeat and chipper.  Erika found it hard to disagree with her.
Skip led the way to the east side of Yarding.  He motioned for everyone to follow him towards the north side of the east fence.  There was a small gap in the fence that blended in perfectly. Erika wouldn’t have seen it if he hadn’t pointed it out.  He pulled back the loose fencing and everyone poured out.  Erika made a mental note of its location for her further use if she needed to get back into the school for any reason.  Skip was the last out and concealed their exit.  He motioned for them to follow him and he led them down dark alley ways to the center of the town.  Erika stayed beside Brian which he misunderstood as her being afraid and reached out his hand for her to hold.  She took it gladly, happy that she could keep him closer to her.
“Don’t worry, I’ll protect you,” he said bravely to her.
They ran down seemingly endless blocks without many street lights to guide their way, but Skip seemed to be a determined navigator.  He finally stopped, nearly out of breath outside of a double wide locked door.  Erika looked around nervous and reaching for the blade she kept in her boot when he knocked on the door three times loudly.  A tiny window opened in the door and he whispered something to the two menacing brown eyes that appeared.  Erika heard a large clunk as one of the doors was opened and they were urged inside by the largest man Erika had ever seen.  His height easily cleared seven feet.  He wore a black shirt that stretched tightly over his oversized muscles.  He held a tablet in hand and began to mark it.  He motioned them in and quickly lost interest in the newcomers.   Erika felt nervous, but was pulled through the open door by Brian.  He suddenly stopped in the doorway and Erika felt herself stop in her tracks too.  The large door shut behind them with a clang.  They looked back at their only escape to see the large guard staring at them with a sideways grin and his arms crossed.
Erika led the way to the main room.  She immediately forgot her fear as her jaw dropped open in awe.  Her senses were overloaded from the loud booming music to the flashing lights.  The constant sounds of chatter and the acrid smell of alcohol and sweat.  Erika was overwhelmed, but wanted to experience every second of it knowing she might never experience this again.   Brian immediately began bouncing to the music.  His body swayed and he grinned like he usually did when he experienced something new.  Emiko danced around them and grabbed Brian by the hands.  She pulled him out to the middle of the dance floor and showed him some of her favorite moves.  Erika watched Brian move and shake to the boom of the bass and matched Emiko’s moves expertly.  She moved seamless, like she was born into the music.  Helen, Carol and Skip all disappeared into the flow of people.  Erika tried to look for them, but couldn’t find them.  She found herself alone on the outside watching in.  She didn’t want to join however.  She was too nervous trying to keep an eye on Brian as it was.  She watched Harold and Thomas wander over to the bar and begin to drink a light amber liquid and discuss something passionately.  Erika felt the threat of a smile tug at her lips.
“Want to dance?”  Monti asked behind her.
Erika turned around and found herself nodding her head.  Before she could think of what she was doing she found her body swaying to the rhythm that surrounded her and felt herself becoming hypnotized by the flashing lights.  Monti was an amazing dancer and helped guide Erika.  She had listened to music in the compound, but nothing like this.  It felt like a giant heart beating around her, soothing her, but jolting her simultaneously.  Erika whirled around and found her inhibitions flying away.  She felt her long black hair whip around her.  Soon Emiko and Brian found their way to them.  Emiko tried to show Erika the same moves she had Brian, but she wasn’t as graceful.  Erika laughed giddily as she tripped over her own feet.  She found herself out of breath and completely over stimulated so she grabbed Brian by the hands and dragged him to the bar.
“This is too much fun I fear.”  She said trying to catch her breath.
“We should have a drink to celebrate.”  Brian said.  Erika tried to protest, but she found it hard to tell him no.  Brian motioned for the bartender.
“What can I get you two?” The bartender answered with a sweet smile toward Erika.
Erika felt herself becoming dizzy with the newfound attention.  The only boy she had ever flirted with had been Jake.  No one other than him had ever shown an interest in her.  The bartenders light blue eyes looked flirtatiously at her.  Erika found herself resisting the urge to reach up and run her fingers through his short blond hair.  She definitely wasn’t feeling like herself.  She felt a strange compulsion begin to overtake her.
“What do you recommend?”  Brian asked smiling at Erika.
“I think I can come up with something for you guys.  Give me a second.”  He said before disappearing down the counter.  Brian nudged Erika and motioned with his head toward the bartender.
“He’s cute right?  I am not the best judge of that sort of thing, but he was definitely flirting with you.”  Brian tried to gossip and it was endearing, but it was too much for Erika.  She found herself laughing and Brian blushed.
“He is definitely adorable, but not really my type.  I don’t think I am ready to see anyone.”  Erika declared, but Brian shook his head.
“You have to loosen up.  No one said anything about seeing anyone.  Just flirt and have fun.  I am going to go break up the fight.”  Brian said with a huff.
Brian jumped off of his bar stool and rushed toward Thomas and Harold who were spitting mad at each other.  They seemed to calm down as soon as Brian approached.  Erika smiled at them.  They always seemed calmer in Brian’s presence.  He was exactly what they needed.  He was exactly what they all needed in their lives.
“Here you are.  My name is Trent by the way.”  He said flashing Erika a toothy grin.
Erika matched his grin and reached for her glass.  It sparkled with pink bubbles and a bright pink cherry on top.  She brought the glass up to her lips and took a small sip.  The drink was sweet and creamy at the same time, but bubbled up in her mouth.  She couldn’t help but take another larger sip.
“This is the most delicious thing I have ever tasted.”  She exclaimed.  The bartender smiled at her and winked.
“Glad to hear it.  She will be so excited.”  He said running his hands sexily through his hair.
Erika looked at him confused.  She took another large sip and found herself taking another before she could set the glass down.  Her mind became foggier the more she drank, but she couldn’t fight the compulsion to drink more.
“Drink down all your medicine now.  It’s good for you.”  The bartender smiled at her.
Erika felt alarm ring through her.  She began to shake as she fought the compulsion.  The cup jiggled and quaked against her lips.  The bartender watched her struggle with a thin smile on his face.  He reached over his hand and helped tip the cup over as the liquid rushed into her mouth.  The creamy sweetness flooded across her tongue and before she could stop herself she had finished.
“Another?”  She heard herself saying though she didn’t know where the words came from.
Erika tried to look around desperately for help.  Her head shook and fought against the unseen force holding her there, but she found she wasn’t strong enough.  Her vision grew foggier the more she fought.  Her mind had grown dense and stupid with the effects from the drink.  Trent looked at her and nodded his head.  He walked down the bar to make her another cocktail.  Erika fought harder once she had been left alone.  She managed to tilt her head toward Brian, but the room began to spin around her and she felt herself drifting into the black void she had fallen into earlier.  She tried to scream, but no sound escaped her.  She heard the drink being set down in front of her and sent every ounce of self control she had left into her hands to keep them at her side.  The music bounced around her and she heard the lyrics of the song sing to her to drink the nectar of freedom.  The drink would set her free of her troubles and worries.  It sang to her that she would be reunited with her true family.  Erika jolted herself out of the trance at the word family.  She stood up from the bar stool and stared angrily at the bartender.
“I can’t let you leave yet.  You haven’t finished.”  He said happily.  It was disconcerting how serenely happy he was.  He watched her like a child would watch cartoons, with a crooked grin and an absentminded stare.
“You drink your medicine.  I’m all dosed up.”  She gasped at him.  Her hands shook as she shoved the drink toward him.
Erika watched as the absentminded Trent brought the drink to his lips.  The room spun uncontrollably and Erika felt herself panic.  She couldn’t find the ground or the ceiling.  She looked desperately toward Brian.  She had to find a way to protect him.  She cursed herself for falling into a trap.  Brian was her only priority and she had set him aside to flirt with a guy with blue eyes.  She hated herself, but had to keep it together enough to get to him.
“Are you alright?”  She heard behind her.
Erika tried to answer.  She tried to turn around and scream that there was danger, but her tongue had grown numb and dull in her mouth.  She found herself spinning with the room and in an instant the dark void consumed her whole.
 “Shit!  Get the others we have to bounce.”  Monti said picking Erika up off the ground and heading for the exit.  Emiko shot off toward Thomas, Harold and Brian worried.
“It’s okay.  We’ll get you home lightweight.”  Monti teased to the unconscious Erika, worry rising in him.  “We’ll get you tucked in bed nice and tight and everything will be okay.”  He said more for himself than anyone else.
Chapter 7

Skip rushed to the head of the group and led them away from the bar in a hurry.  He grew pale as he sensed the danger that they were in.  He looked back periodically and wove their way through the maze of central Yarding.  Monti trailed behind with Brian right at his side.  The group clung to the walls and the shadows, afraid of the light and the exposure that it brought.
“Follow me.  I know a short cut back, it just isn’t the safest way, but right now we just need to get her checked out.  She doesn’t look too good.”  Skip called back.
Monti adjusted Erika on his shoulder and jogged to the front of the group joining Skip.  He could feel Erika’s limp body bouncing with little resistance and grew worried for her.  Emiko and Brian pushed to a jog as well flanking either side of Monti.  Brian looked fiercely around for any danger while Emiko just looked frightened.  Skip led them through the back alleys through the seedier part of town.  The group was rushing toward the front of the school where swift punishment was sure to find them.    None of the group was terribly concerned with the consequences.  They had Thomas with them that could get them out of any trouble.  However an apprehension descended on the group.  Skip sensed it and stopped their pace.  He pulled them further into the shadows in the view of the school and faced them.
“If we go back the way we came it will take longer to get her into the school.   We have to get her to a nurse or something.”  Skip said with alarm.  “She didn’t even drink that much.  I watched her.  She had one drink and then bam!” He said slamming his hands together for effect.  “She was out.  That bartender must have been trying to drug her or something.  Thank God Monti got to her when he did.”  Skip said with an edge to his voice.  Carol and Helen exchanged worried glances.
Brian reached out and touched Erika.  He withdrew his hand in alarm.  Her body was cold and her skin was the same pale white shade as the moon.  He felt for her pulse and breathed a small sigh of relief.  Monti adjusted her on his shoulder.  She was tiny, but she was dead weight in his arms.
“What happened to her?  Could it have been so  ... some sort of poison?”  Brian choked out.
“I don’t think poison, but I don’t know.  What could hit her system that hard and that fast?”  Emiko asked looking around frantically.  Carol shook her head waving her blond hair carelessly in the wind.
“She was body dropped.  We have to flush her system of it quickly.  The nurse won’t be able to help her.”  She answered casually.
Carol walked gracefully up to Erika who had become a puddle over Monti’s shoulder.  She carefully pried open her eyes with her fingers staring into the glassy vacant caverns of Erika’s eyes.  She slowly nodded her head wrinkling her porcelain doll like forehead with concern.  She seemed confident in her diagnosis.
“They use it in the villages to drug people and take steal their organs.  There must have been a harvester there.”   Carol reasoned.
Skip shook his head.  “That bar is screened and by invite only.  There is no way that a harvester is getting in there.”  He argued.
“Look it doesn’t matter.  Erika is hurt and we have to protect her.”  Brian shouted through the darkness stopping the squabble.
Skip nodded his head and began to lead them hurriedly to the front of the school.  Harold and Thomas quickened their pace and walked next to Monti flanking Erika while Brian and Emiko took the lead with Skip.  They watched around the corners for anyone that may have followed them.
“If Monti hadn’t found her she would be in a chop shop already.”  Helen whispered morbidly.  She was fighting back tears.
“I’m telling you there is no way that a harvester was there.  She was drugged for some other reason.  I have never seen a body drop this powerful.  They wouldn’t be able to take her out like this.  A body drop usually leaves it victim conscious enough to respond to commands.  This is purely incapacitating.”  Skip reasoned.  His grew dark and his cheeks flushed with anger.  “Someone is moving into our house.”  He said to the rest of his trio.
Brian’s felt himself become dizzy, his bright skin bled of color until he was the pale sheen of a revenant.  Emiko reached out her hand and took Brian’s hand in hers.  She squeezed as tight as she could.  He smiled gratefully at her.  He felt guilty and shameful that he left his friend alone.  He chastised himself for telling her that he would protect her and letting her get directly into harm’s way
The group turned the corner toward the front entrance and rushed toward the white gates.  There was one death squad soldier on duty ignoring their approach.  Skip stopped and watched the gate intently.
“Whoever goes through the front gate will find themselves in a huge amount of trouble.  There is no reason we should all have to be punished.”  He turned to Carol and Helen.  “You two take the others back the way you came; I will take her through the entrance.”  Skip ordered.
“I can’t be punished.  Trust me.  I’ll take her.”  Thomas spoke up and grabbed Erika from Monti.  He motioned for the others to follow the trio, but Brian refused.
“I can’t leave her like this.  It’s my fault for leaving her at the bar.  This is all my fault.  I have to protect her.”  He said clenching his fists at his side.  Thomas began trying to argue with them when a shadow approached from the tree line.
“She can’t go through the front.  Hand her to me” Jack ordered.  As he entered the light his face shone with intensity.  He sounded angry and with fear tinging the edge of his voice.  The group looked at him in alarm, but finally Brian softened and nodded to Thomas that he was friendly.
“I am so sorry.  I was distracted, I should have been there.  I can’t believe this happened.”  Brian confessed.
“We have to flush her system.  She was body dropped.”  Thomas said motioning for the front of the school.
“She can’t be body dropped.  This is different.  How did you guys get out?”  He asked turning to Brian.  Brian motioned for the east side of the campus and Jack grabbed Erika from Thomas and followed him.
The group rushed toward the east side of the campus to the hole in the fence.  Skip held back the small gap and Jack rushed in.  He didn’t look back at the others, but rushed to Dawn Hall with Brian at his side keeping pace with him.  Jack rushed up the stairs ignoring the elevator; he was quicker on his feet.  He reached Erika’s floor and carried her out of the stairwell and to her door.   Brian kept up pace behind him.
Jack rushed to Erika’s door, but it wouldn’t budge open.  He tried to use her hand to signal it, but it refused.  Brian rushed up to the door.  He pulled off the face plate of the locking mechanism and quickly set to work.  It took him moments and her door sprung open.  Jack looked at him with a mix of pride and confusion.  Both men entered the room and set Erika down on her bed.
“What’s happening to her?”  Brian asked, his voice quaking in fear.
“I don’t think she would like me very much if I told you.  Just go to your room, I can handle this.”  Jack said wrapping Erika up in all of her blankets.  He fluffed the pillows underneath her head and sat beside her caressing her cheeks.
“I won’t leave until I know she’s okay.”  Brian said his cheeks flushing.
Jack looked up at Brian and assessed him.  Brian clenched his fists at his side and began to huff in anger.  He was loyal and intelligent.  He was obviously no threat, but that didn’t make him an ally either.  He stood up and walked to Brian who stayed his ground.  Jack found himself liking him more and more.
“Listen, Erika has a condition that just happened to flare up tonight.  She will be fine, but she has to sleep it off.  I promise you, I have seen this before.  You can’t let her know I told you though.  She would hate me forever.  She doesn’t like people to know about this okay.  It will be best if you are in your room when she wakes up so she doesn’t know you saw her like this.  It embarrasses her.”  Jack said gently.
Brian hesitated, but nodded his head and walked out.  He entered his own room moving the mat in front of his door.  Jack walked over and straightened it and took his seat beside Erika again.
“What in the hell did she do to you?  Please come back Erika.”  Jack leaned his head against hers and closed his eyes.

***

Erika awoke to darkness.  The only light provided was from the moon shining as brightly as it could through her sheer curtains.  She tried to sit up, to clutch her hands around her aching head, but her body refused her commands.  She tried to scream, to break away from the void that had spread around her, but she couldn’t.  She felt her heart thud in her chest as her anxiety rose.  She was sure she was in her room, but she couldn’t tell how she had gotten there.  The dark void that had claimed her earlier was slowly encroaching on her again.  She needed to escape, but she was paralyzed.  She saw movement out of the corner of her eye and saw someone scrolling through her tablet.  She tried to scream for the intruder to leave her be, but they scrolled again and shook their head.  They turned in her chair and the picture of her mother shone up from the screen.  Erika felt her eyes begin to tear and she finally let out a murmur that was meant to be a scream.  Her tablet fell onto the table and the intruder rushed to her side.  By the light of the moon Jack’s worried face entered her vision and she felt herself immediately calm.
“Don’t worry, you’re safe now.  How could you be so stupid?  Why on earth would you leave Yarding?  You and Brian could have both been caught.”  Jack leaned his head onto the same pillow as Erika’s.  She tried to talk or move, but her body lay numb.  “It’ll wear off soon.  Just get some sleep for now.” Jack said and she felt the darkness overtake her again.
Jack got up from the bed and took his post at her desk again.  He had gone through her entire desk and every drawer in her room.  He smiled as he looked into her tablet and slid his finger across the picture of Erika’s mother to that of her father.  He shook his head and let out an uneasy laugh at the picture.  A beep sounded off next to Jack and he grabbed the ear cuff and placed it on his ear, turning it and falling into a trance.
“We need to pull her back in, the decision is made.”  David said sternly to the shimmery blue image of Jack in his office.  Jack smiled and shook his head.
“If you pull her in now she will be more suspicious.  Brian is our only real way of protecting her.  You heard the chatter, she is the only one who can keep him safe and he is the only one who can complete the equation.  The PC’ers are never wrong.  If you pull her in now all is lost.”  Jack said with confidence.
David leaned against his desk annoyed.  “She never should have gone.  She is far too valuable to us and there are too many others that could exploit her.  How in the world did she end up compromised” David shouted.  He threw his rubix cube across the room shattering it into colorful chunks.
“I had to take care of … something.”  Jack said cryptically.  David nodded his head and began to pace his office.
“My father never would have let her leave.”  He said chastising himself.  He ran a hand through his newly greying hair.
“Your father never would have gotten the info you did from the PC’ers.  They never trusted him.  If Brian does figure this out it will change the world and you will be top dog in it.  Erika is crucial to all of this.  She is the only one he trusts.  You should have seen him trying to protect her.  You need her here.”  Jack argued.
David continued to pace thinking about Jacks words and eventually nodded his head and waved his hand for Jack to disconnect.  Jack removed the ear piece and set it down on the desk.
“Tool.”  He said before picking up the tablet and swiping through Erika’s files about her family.  He smiled and shook his head again.
“Thank goodness for you, David is an idiot and I love you.”  He said before typing into her tablet and locking it.
A bright red screen flashed before him.  He smiled sadly as he set the tablet down.  Erika would think him unsuccessful in his attempt to research her tablet.  It was how it needed to be.  His stomach clenched tightly at the secrets he guarded from her.  He justified it by saying it was for her own good, but he knew he was just selfishly protecting her.  He set the tablet back down on her desk and tidied up as much as he could before lying on the bed next to her.  He turned his head and watched her sleep.
“You are by far the worst agent I have ever met.”  He kissed her lightly on the forehead and rolled over onto his back.
Jack watched the shadows of the trees dancing in the moonlight across her ceiling listening to her shallow breathing.  He felt his eyes gently close and become harder to open.  He felt himself falling and found himself in a deep sleep beside his lost love.
Chapter 8

Erika rolled over in her bed and breathed in deeply.  The musky smell of Jacks hair wafted into her nostrils and she found herself smiling involuntarily.  She reached out her arm and felt his warm body instinctively move into hers.  She cuddled him closer as her wits came to her.  She opened her eyes with a start and looked over to see Jack in a deep sleep at her side.  She sat up slowly so that she wouldn’t wake him.  Her heart beat rapidly in her chest.  She tried to stand, but felt herself become dizzy.  Her bright sunshine filled room began to spin around her, dancing the day away as she had her night.  She clutched her head in her hands until the real world began to slow down around her and she could put her feet steadily on the floor.
Her room was ransacked.  Jack had obviously been looking for something and didn’t care that she knew it.  Her desk had been torn apart.  The drawers to her dresser had been pulled out with her clothes thrown askew on the floor.  She took a step forward and hit her foot hard into her desk chair that had been knocked over.  She felt her temperature rise as she surveyed the mess Jack left her.  She was infuriated that instead of asking her for something or even telling her what he was looking for he took it upon himself to trash her room while she was unconscious.  Erika leaned over and picked up her chair.  She promptly sat in it and drew her knees to her chest.  She looked over at Jack and felt a mixture of conflicting emotions knot up in her stomach.  She loved him more than anyone else in the world, but she would never truly let him in to her world.  A world she kept so safeguarded no one would ever be allowed in.  It was her safe place, tucked away near the heavy hole in her heart.
Erika sighed and collected herself.  She stood up again and walked to her desk.  She saw her tablet left out, the only thing not thrown on the floor.  She swiped her finger gracefully across the screen and it lit up to a bright red security screen.  Jack had tried unsuccessfully to hack into her tablet and it had locked itself so only she could open it.  She looked over at him again and felt herself melt.  His sleeping face mashed peacefully into her pillow.  Drool poured from his mouth leaving a puddle by his adorable face.  She fought the urge to jump back into bed with him and hold him close.  She couldn’t give in to him.  There were too many secrets between them now.  Erika pushed in her password and placed her thumb on the screen to verify her id.  Her screen lit up bright and blue and she began to scan through her folders.  She jabbed her forefinger on the screen until the image of her mother came up again.  The emptiness in her chest felt as if it were exponentially expanding as she looked into the woman’s dark eyes.  This woman who held no familiarity to her.  Erika wished more than anything she could feel something for her, but no emotion came.  She couldn’t even muster up any anger for her.
Erika slid her finger across the screen to lock her tablet and shoved it in her bag.  She quickly threw on her dirty uniform and flattened it out with her hands the best that she could.  She stole one more glance at Jack and rushed out of her room.  She didn’t have time to deal with those emotions right now.  She had a job to do.  As she emerged from her room into the sun filled hallway she realized that it was later in the day than she had originally thought.  She looked over to Brian’s door and saw his mat askew.  He would already be in the library studying.  She skipped breakfast.  The thought of food made her stomach churn and contort uncomfortably.  She decided instead to head straight to the library.
The library was two stories tall and was hand plucked out of histories past.  The outside of the building matched the rest of the campuses façade, but inside it was an eclectic mash up of different styles.  The floors were marble while all the bookcases were solid oak.  Dark maroon ornately designed rugs lay on top of the marble inlaid with gold threaded designs.  Most of the books were ancient.  The library was musty and echoed loudly, but Erika loved it.  She walked in and breathed in the smell of the aging paper.  Every student there was working in their tablet yet the school insisted on having the ancient tomes available for student use.  Every word in the books was out dated, but it was part of the schools charm to cling so drastically to a lifelong past.  Erika began to scan the library until she saw Brian quickly taking down notes across the room from her.  She set herself down in a corner where she could be alone, but still have direct eye sight on him and set to work.  She could do two jobs at once.
Erika opened her tablet again.  She swiped away from her mother’s face and landed on her fathers.  She didn’t feel any connection to him either, but somehow it hurt her less.  Where she had one distant and fading memory of her mother holding her hand the day she turned her over to the agency she had no recollection of her father.  His face looked grizzled and tired.  His greasy black hair was peppered with white.  He looked angrily into the picture and Erika swiped it back to her mother.  She only had their names, Hazel and Nathaniel Fields.
 Erika pulled up the information on the village she had grown up in.  She had lived in the village of Gilt in the Central Expanse until she was five.  The death squad of the Eastern Union had begun their invasion and had made their way to their tiny corner of the world.  Erika brought up the only pictures she had of the village.  The death squad had burned it to the ground so it no longer existed, but it used to boast large corn fields with long tall stark green stalks with the brightest golden corn she had ever seen.  Her mouth began to water as she looked at the pictures of the produce.  Somehow she knew the taste of that corn.  She instinctively knew it.  She could taste the tiny kernels bursting with sweetness in her mouth.
Erika dropped her tablet loudly on the table as the memory of it overwhelmed her.  She saw the bare white apron of her mother covering her pink flowered dress.  She held on to her hand tightly as her mother was talking to someone heatedly.   She nibbled nervously on the corn she held in her other hand.  She bit into it aggressively and let the juices of the corn flow into her mouth to calm her as she watched the man who had upset her mother.  He had short black hair and was tall and thin.  He pointed his finger at her and yelled louder than Erika had heard any adult yell before.  Her mother stood there silent and serene as he looked down on Erika and turned angrily on his heel.  Erika felt her mother pull away and let go of her hand.  She felt a warm tear fall down her face and she wiped it away while still grasping desperately to the corn.  Only she wasn’t holding it anymore.  She looked around and felt herself becoming increasingly disoriented.  She held her head in her hands and breathed in deeply.   She felt her head throb and her stomach churn again.  She was still reeling from the effects of the night before and wished more than anything she could curl up in bed and sleep for the next few days.  She stole a glance at Brian and he was still happily scribbling away on his tablet.
Erika turned her attention back to the pictures of the town.  She scrolled through them once more, but no new memories popped up in her head.  She pulled up her parents birth certificates and looked them over again, wishing something new would pop out at her and the mystery would be solved.  However, nothing stood out.  It was the same document it had always been.  They had both been born and raised in Gilt as had their parents.  She looked over the handful of family pictures that she could find, but nothing stirred up any recollection in her.  She felt the void in her heart begin to ache as she swiped her finger mindlessly across the screen hoping for another glimpse into her own past.  She began to pour over the death certificates of all of those that died that day the agency took her.
Gilt had been a small village, under three hundred residents.  More than half died that day as they stood alone against the death squad.  No one came to stand by them as an ally.  All the other villages had folded to their rule, had complied with the tests given to the children and have given up those that tested positive, but Gilt wouldn’t stand for it.  They were the only opposing force in the treaty with the Eastern Union.  The Eastern Union would provide power facilities to the Central Expanse as long as the death squad had free reign.  Gilt was the only village opposed.  Two hundred men and women lost their lives and thirty children had been taken when the death squad was through.  They burned the village to the ground and jailed those that had survived.  Erika wasn’t sure what had happened to her parents.  From the documents she had they weren’t listed among the dead or the jailed.  Her grandparents had died when she was four.  Erika began moving documents around and piecing the last moments of the proud village.  They had housed more psychics than any other village in the Central Expanse.  They were where the psychics fled when they had nowhere else to go.  It had been that way for generations it seemed.  Erika was sure that was how she and her family came to live there.  Being psychic is generally an inherited trait though a parent may not show signs.  It can go back for generations.  Erika flicked through the documents occasionally settling on a name and then moving on.  She looked carefully at each picture and contemplated it, looking into herself and her immediate reaction before she dismissed it.  She flicked her finger across the screen again.  The name meant nothing as did the rest of the information.  The picture began to load and Erika felt her brain become numb.  She looked at the pretty blond woman as the numbing sensation swept through her body.  Her long blond hair framed her face plainly.  She was non descript.  Her slightly pointy nose and thin lips looked out at Erika and she could swear she was looking into the eyes of a person instead of a picture.  She stared into the cold azure blue eyes looking back and her and jumped when she saw them blink.
“Are you okay?”  Brian asked as he sat down opposite her.  Erika nodded her head and slid her finger across her tablet to close it.
“I still have a bit of a headache from last night.  I’m not quite myself yet,” she said with a reassuring smile, though Brian didn’t seem to be buying it.
“I can’t believe you are up right now!” He exclaimed looking her over worriedly, “You passed out last night.  What happened?”  He asked urgently, ignoring the warning from Jack.  Erika reached out her hand and grabbed his.  She smiled kindly at him.
“I had way too much to drink last night.  I’ve never had alcohol before.  I didn’t know it would hit me that fast.  I am so sorry to have worried you.”
Brian smiled weakly at her, but still seemed concerned.  Erika pulled her hand away and shoved her tablet into her bag.
“We should get something to eat and then see if we can get the study group together.  We didn’t actually study last night and we have a test coming up at the end of the week that I completely don’t feel prepared for.”  Erika said trying to distract Brian.  The last thing she wanted was for him to continue worrying about the night before.
Brian perked up at the mention of food and the group.  He stood up excitedly and nodded his head.  He rounded the table and stood at Erika’s side as if he were guarding her.  He stood tall and powerful at her side.  He was her own personal body guard.  Erika smiled happily at her friend as they walked hand in hand out of the loud opulence of the library and into the quiet chaos of the cafeteria.
Chapter 9

Erika arrived back at her dorm room as the sun began to set.  Shades of red and orange dashed across her room.  A nightly breeze billowed through her sheer curtain.  She looked around her room relieved to see that it was once against spotless.  Everything was in its place.  The only out of place specimen was Jack sitting in her now upright desk chair holding his head guiltily in his hands staring at the ground, unable to even look at her.  She couldn’t help, but smile kindly at him.  She had grown exhausted at the internal struggle, grappling between heaven and hell, joy and ire.  Internally she felt a compulsion to comfort Jack, but also struggled with the compulsion to slap him across his face.  She walked up to the tragic creature before her and set her bag down at his side.  He flinched at her movement and shied away from her reach, but she touched her hand lightly to his cheek and he inevitably leaned into it.  He looked up at her meekly and she felt her conflicted feelings swarm like an angry and protective bee hive in her stomach.  The cruel mixture of anger and love seemed to consume her.  She needed to hit him, to strike him down for his invasion of her privacy, but the way his baby blue eyes peered into hers she couldn’t find it in her to act on it.  He looked as if he might have been crying.  His eyes were swollen and red.
“I’m sorry,” he finally said to her.
Jack’s normal boyish grin that had seemed permanently attached to his face was gone.  The corners of his mouth drooped with the weight of his sorrow and guilt.  Erika finally sighed out in frustration and shook her head at him.
“You should be.  You should be immensely sorry. Why did you trash my room?”  Erika nearly yelled.
She found her anger taking control regardless of how apologetic Jack was.  She felt the hive flurry around with her newfound anger and wanted to squash it down, but she couldn’t.  He could have been honest with her from the start.  He could have asked her anything.  Then her gaze fell on her bag and she quickly realized she had been keeping secrets too.
“You nearly died last night.  Something you are doing almost got you killed!” He raised his voice at her.  His gaze that had been consumed with guilt had grown icy.
Jack rose from the desk chair and began to pace Erika’s room.  He clutched his hands around his head and marched back and forth marking a worn path into her floor.  Erika looked up at him startled.  She hadn’t expected him to become angry with her.  That was her job.  His anger only infuriated her more.
“I was careless last night.  Besides Brian is fine and what do you care? You aren’t even supposed to be here.”  Erika yelled back at him.
She rose from her bed and faced him, but Jack took a step away from her like she was poison.  He dropped his hands from his head to his side.  His shoulders were straight and rigid.  He was being cold to her.  His face slightly flushed pink.  Erika could feel the anger radiate off of him.  She had screwed up last night and incurred his wrath.  She felt shame and her own sense of anger with both herself and Jacks reaction.   She looked him coldly.  She met his eyes and watched his face fall.  Erika looked down in confusion.  Jack couldn’t seem to decide how he felt and neither could she.
“This is beyond Brian.  I don’t care about Brian.  Let those that would hunt him kill him for all I care.  What in the world are you doing that is making the agency so nervous?”  Jack asked pushing her for a confession.
Erika took a step away from him creating a wider gap between them.  She involuntarily sucked in and the icy cold air hit her lungs harshly.  She coughed a bit flushing her cheeks.  She realized she was looking guiltier by the second.  She hadn’t even realized that she had been careless.  She had done everything right.   She had covered her tracks and kept all of the information safely on her tablet which only her DNA could open.  She had thought ahead to lock it down tight and still it apparently hadn’t been enough.  Erika composed herself and straightened her posture.  She looked around non-chalantly and tried to emulate how Jack would have handled this situation.
“I don’t know what you’re talking about.”  Erika found herself saying abruptly.  Words began to pour effortlessly from her mouth.  Excuses and blank answers that she didn’t know she had.  “My job is to guard Brian.  I may have been side tracked making a few friends, I’ve never really had the opportunity you know, being locked up inside the agency my whole life and all.   However, my sole duty is to guard Brian.”
“I can tell that you’re lying.  I always could.  Damnit Erika.  I’m not David.  This is me we’re talking about.  I would do anything to protect you.  I am here breaking every rule we are supposed to stand by to protect you and you won’t even give me a straight answer.  Like it or not from now on I am your shadow.  Someone got too close to you last night and it isn’t going to happen again.  Stop doing whatever it is that you’re doing.  David will pull you back in faster than you can think about running away.  Just stop it!”  He yelled worriedly at her.
Erika watched Jack carefully.  He was an untamed lion and she was lost in the jungle.  He knew this world more than she did.  She couldn’t underestimate him and she knew she couldn’t trust him.  He brushed his fingers aggressively through his hair and then set his eyes on her.  She was immediately taken aback by his intensity.  She had never seen him this way before and it frightened her.  He closed to gap between them quickly.  He wrapped his arms around her and hugged her to him tightly.  His hands gripped her back tightly as he breathed in her scent.  Erika felt surprised at the sudden softness to his demeanor.  She fell into his hug and lay her head down on his shoulder.
“I love you more than you will ever know, more than you would ever let me.  Whenever you feel like letting me in on whatever is so important it is worth your life let me know.  I’ll be around.”  He whispered in her ear.
Jack pulled back from the hug and looked her over.  He began to smile as he leaned his forehead against hers.  He pulled back and lightly kissed her forehead.  The old Jack was slowly returning.  Erika felt the bees in her stomach flutter softly around as their eyes met.  His mouth curved into his sexy crooked grin.
“I am everywhere now.  Whatever it is you’re hiding I will find out soon enough.  I am your shadow after all.”  He said with a wink.
Jack walked to the window and nodded his head at her.  Erika opened her mouth to say something, but Jack disappeared off the side of the building before she could speak.  She flopped down on her bed and stared at her ceiling.  The cool autumn breeze rushed into her room.  It felt refreshing.  She felt her eyelids become heavy and her thoughts began to weigh on her.  She nestled her head into her pillows and began to drift off to sleep until she heard a thud at her door.  Her eyes bolted open and she sat up abruptly.  She moved warily toward her door and looked out of her peep hole.  Greg was standing there annoyed.  She opened her door and took a step back to allow him to enter.
“Is he finally gone?”  Greg asked taking a seat at Erika’s desk.  She nodded and sat on her bed.
“Good.  He bugs me.”  Greg looked at Erika and nodded approvingly.
“Got black out drunk on the job huh?  A girl after my own heart.”  He laughed at his joke and clapped his hands against his knees.  “Here I thought you would be another one that didn’t know how to have any fun.”
“Sorry to disappoint you, but I didn’t get drunk.  I was drugged.”  She informed him looking to her lap feeling shameful.  Her cheeks flushed hotly as the memory of her failure the night before flashed through her mind.
“I know you were,” he said with a smile.  “I was there.  I saw the whole thing go down.”
“I keep playing the whole night over and over in my head and I can’t figure it out.  Why would they drug me to get to Brian?  No one knows that I am his guardian.  Besides, no one made a single move on him.  It was like I was the only target.  That’s crazy right?”  Erika asked.  Greg contemplated her.
“It’s not crazy.”  He finally concluded.  “Looking at the facts, no one went close to Brian.  I would have intervened.  No one made a single move on him and yet someone went out of their way to take you down.  Either they are the worst kidnappers ever and forgot to steal their target or you were their target all along and they were interrupted.  Either way I’m kind of on Jack’s side on this.”
“Jacks side?”  Erika asked incredulously.
“He will make an excellent shadow,” Greg said with a grin.  Erika looked at him quizzically.
“I have your room bugged.  Not to invade your privacy, but he does make frequent stops here when you aren’t.  I like to know what’s going on.”  He said handing Erika a device.  It was smallish and similar to the one she used to communicate with the agency.  She tilted her head and looked at Greg.
“I have listening devices planted all over the school.  One in Brian’s room, all the classrooms, the penthouse where you two “study” all the time and of course in here.” He told her simply.
“You said Jack frequently comes in here when I am not here.  Is there anything I should know about?” Erika asked nervously.  She was beginning to distrust Jack more and more.  Greg shook his head and stood up.
“Really all he does is search.  I can hear him rifling through things.  He seems desperate to find something.  If I were you I would hide it extremely well.”  Greg said walking to the door.  He opened the door, but hesitated and turned to Erika.
“Hey kid, stay careful okay.  I don’t like most of my partners, but … well … I’m glad that at least Jack can be trusted to look out for you.”  He said closing the door behind him.
Erika leaned back against her pillows, but their comfortable embrace was lost on her.  Now they felt rock hard and too cold.  Erika rose from her bed and shut her back door, shutting out the breeze and trying to shut out her thoughts about Jack to no avail.  She was surprised that he had been searching her room before last night.  She should have expected it, but she was still floored by his invasion of her privacy.  He didn’t trust her and she felt hurt.  She felt a dull pain in her chest, a shattered pain that ripped through her heart.  She lay down on her bed again and turned down the lights in her room.  She watched the shadows of the tree branches outside dance on her ceiling in the light of the setting sun.  The sky outside burst in shades of orange and purple.
Erika felt lost in her little room that she chose for herself.   She tried to cling desperately to something familiar, but she had found all of it torn away.  Jack had always been the rock that kept her grounded when she was stir crazy and lonely.  For him to break all the trust and love she had for him shocked her to her core.  She still loved him, but her growing anger with him negated the romantic portion of that love.  Erika felt tears sting at the corners of her eyes and she did nothing to stop them.  She wept as the sun set and the moon rose high into the sky.  Erika felt desperate.  She lived in two worlds.  The agency was cold and conservative.  She wanted more than anything to embrace her new world full of light and friendship.  She wanted to find her mother and run away to a new village like Gilt.  A place where psychics could live unhindered by the death squad.  Erika shut her eyes and fell asleep dreaming of a third world that would embrace her fully.  She would live with her mother in a little cottage butting up against the sweet corn crop.  Brian would live next door with his mat always askew.  Greg would run the pub down the street where Thomas and Harold would live upstairs.  Emiko and Monti would be married and had a dozen children.  Everyone was happy and content.  There was no danger anymore.  Erika slept through the night crying and smiling and dreaming of the life she desperately wanted, but would never get to lead.  Not even finding her mother or solving the riddle of infinite energy would ever grant her the security and the happiness she had never found in this life.
Chapter 10

Erika woke up feeling groggy and poorly rested.  She wiped away the gunk from her eyes and sat up stiffly.  She slowly stood from bed and walked to her balcony.  She threw open the door and stepped out letting the morning sun wash over her.  It didn’t comfort her like it usually did.  The whole morning felt dull.  She felt raw from the previous night’s dream.  Her eyes began to sting with tears and she quickly wiped them away.  She scoffed at the morning and her tears and re-entered her room.  She wasn’t sure where Jack was, but she was sure that he was watching her.  She wouldn’t let him see her cry.  She couldn’t show him that weakness.  She had to have some semblance of privacy and her tears were all that she had left.
Erika threw off her clothes and hopped into a hot shower.  Steam quickly filled her small private bathroom.  She scrubbed roughly at her skin until patches of bright red began to splotch all over her delicately pale skin.  Her skin had brightened up some while she had been out in the open world, but she could still see the sickly grey hue that signified her time underground.  She began to shave her legs.  The razor gliding expertly up and down her toned legs.  As she drew the razor across her knee she pressed to deep and nicked her soft unforgiving skin.  She cried out as she dropped the razor.  Bright red blood gushed down her leg like a river.  She stared at it helplessly.  She dropped to her knees in the shower and let out an involuntary cry.  She covered her mouth with both of her hands.  She remembered Greg’s warning about bugging her room.  She wouldn’t let Greg hear her cry.  She didn’t need him judging her for her emotional weakness.  She needed to be an agent, she needed to do her job and that was all.
Erika sucked in her breath and tried to collect herself, but her thoughts kept wandering back to the corn field.  Regardless of how much she tried to focus solely on her mission.  Her heart ached for a place she could barely remember and now it was haunting her dreams as well.  She couldn’t let it distract her all day though.  She quickly dried off and got dressed for breakfast.  Classes would be droll, but she had the study group to look forward to.  She quickly placed on her skin tight uniform and felt secure underneath the soft threads.  She grabbed her bag from her desk and rushed out of her room running head first into Jack.
“Well good morning to you too.  Brian already left.  I watched him walk to the cafeteria a bit ago.  Are you headed there yourself?”  He asked cheerfully.
Erika nodded her head slowly and looked him up and down.  He was too chipper and it made her nervous.  He was always incredibly chipper when he got what he wanted.  He motioned for her to walk ahead of him and lead the way to the cafeteria.  She wanted to turn around and bolt back into her room.  She was sure she could figure out Jack’s trick and escape off her balcony unharmed, but her stomach growled and she was forced to oblige it.  Her shining shoes clicked down the hallway to the elevator.  Erika reached for the button, but before she could, Jack grabbed her hand and led her to the stairwell at the opposite end of the building.  He walked at her side, hand in hand.  She looked up at him in confusion.  She expected him to be doing something playful, to see his usual smirk, but instead she saw hidden anger.  A scowl only perceived by the wrinkles at the corners of his eyes.
Jack led Erika up the stairs and to the roof of the building.  She looked around surprised at how developed Yarding was.  She had only seen bits from the train ride in and her brief excursion into the city to the club.  She hadn’t seen it from this height in the daylight.  The city sprawled out for miles.  She walked over to the north edge and stared out at the city.  Jack stood beside her and watched her carefully.
“I know you won’t tell me what you’re hiding.  I have decided that I am okay with that.  However, I think yesterday, in my anger, I didn’t fully convey how much danger you are in.”  Jack told her refusing to make eye contact.
Erika looked at him in surprise.  He had warned her that he would be her shadow, but Jack had become so serious suddenly.  He finally turned to her and met her gaze.  A small sad smile crept across his face.  Erika felt a familiar tingle rise up within her.  It was the same way she felt when she found the last puzzle piece and placed it expertly completing a picture.  Jack had been on her doorstep first thing in the morning; he had put on a smile and led her through the halls publicly.  Erika began to realize that he wasn’t the only one watching her.  Erika felt an icy chill wash over her.  He had put on a show and now that they were alone he looked downtrodden and consumed with worry.  Erika reached her hand out and touched Jack comfortingly on his cheek.  He wrapped his arms around her and held her in a tight embrace.
“I should have warned you about all of this sooner.  I shouldn’t have let David sign off on your promotion.  This is all my fault.”  He whispered into her shoulder.  His grip around her became tighter and Erika had trouble breathing.
“What is going on?”  She asked in alarm, but Jack shook his head.
“I don’t know everything, but I will tell you what I know and what I have learned.”  He motioned for her to sit on the roof.  She leaned against the enclosed wall surrounding the roof and slid to the ground.  Jack joined her underneath the blinding morning sun.
“I looked into your blackout the other night.  I couldn’t let whoever hurt you go.  I was going to take him in to the agency and let them deal with him, but they can’t. The bartender that served you is dead.  His body was found discarded in a dumpster behind the bar.  It’s a good thing you guys left when you did.”  Jack explained slowly.
Erika looked at Jack with her eyes opened wide.  She felt her heart begin to race.  Jack looked at her somberly as she absorbed the information.  Jack hesitated, but continued.
“He was bleeding from his ears and he had an unusually giddy grin on his face.” Jack told her morbidly.
“How do you know all of this?”  Erika asked struggling for words.
“I saw the body.  I hid in the shadows as the death squad investigated.”  He said looking away.  He let his head fall into his hands as he breathed a sigh of frustration.
Erika looked at him surprised, “Why would the death squad look into the death of a bartender?”  She asked mystified.
The death squad dealt directly with large uprisings and hunting down psychics.  Murders were not their forte.  She became absorbed in her own thoughts and fears.  If the death squad was still around, it meant she was definitely in more danger than she realized.  It finally dawned on her why they would look into this particular murder.  If the man was bleeding from the ears with the gigantic grin creepily plastered on his face, he died still under the influence of the psychic who ordered him to drug her.  Erika looked up at Jack who nodded his head.
“That attack really was meant for me wasn’t it?”  She asked frightened.  Jack reached out his hands and grabbed hers.  He squeezed them to comfort her.
“There was no indication that this had anything to do with Brian.  No one moved for him, no one even moved for you when you blacked out.  The group you were with could have easily been taken.  I think this was more of a test.”  Jack reasoned.
“A test?”  Erika asked incredulously.  She could hardly get the words past her lips.
“To see how protected you were.  Ask yourself something, if Brian is as valuable as the agency says he is, why haven’t they pulled him in from the field?”  Jack began to argue.
Erika thought for a moment and answered. “The intel we got from the PC’ers was that Brian would have his epiphany here, if he were pulled in everything would be lost.  The equation could only be solved in Yarding.  “Erika recalled as Jack shook his head at her.
“Alright, tell me this, if Brian is so valuable, arguably the most valuable human being on the planet right now, why did they send a novice agent and a drunk?”  Jack asked harshly.  Erika felt his words sting her and she felt immediately defensive, but Jack shook his head again before she could argue with him.
“You are a novice agent and should have been trained before being assigned a job in the field.  Greg is known to drink and smoke on the job.  I’ve worked with him before and out of the two of you, you are more qualified to handle this.  This isn’t a usual move for David.  He likes to follow in his father’s footsteps, and that would mean you would never see the light of day.  Instead here you are basking in the sunshine, enjoying the autumn weather.  There is something at play here that I don’t understand.  David is more nervous about this job than he has been about any other.  I can’t protect you from what I don’t know.”  Jack’s voice had grown strained and desperate.
Erika frowned and looked down to her hands.  She felt a shudder of fear shake through her.  Everything Jack said made sense.  She shouldn’t have been assigned to this, no matter how hard she had begged David.  She thought back on it and she hadn’t really argued that much.  She requested the position not thinking in a million years she would get it and with a little back and forth David had handed her the task of guarding Brian without even second guessing himself.  Erika looked up at Jack finally.
“What is going on?”  She asked afraid.
“I have no idea.  Whatever you are doing that you are keeping a secret is making David nervous, but I don’t know why.  I don’t have enough information from either side to make a conclusion.”  He answered her in frustration.
“I’m not qualified to protect Brian am I?”  Erika asked fighting back a sob.  Jack pulled her into a hug.
“You are qualified, just untrained.  Besides you have me here and I really don’t think Brian is worth protecting.  I’ve looked into your intel and it all goes back to one source that I can’t verify.”  He said releasing her.
 Erika looked up at him and tilted her head.  She had looked into the intel as well and it was given to the agency directly from the PC’ers.  Jack seemed to know where she was going and shrugged.
“Usually the Pc’ers are more than willing to talk to me or point me directly to the psychic that had the prediction.  They work together as a group, but there is usually one that starts the vision between them.  This time I was shut down before I could even ask them.  There is something incredibly shady about all of this.”  He said thrusting a fist into the ground.
“Are Brian and I safe here?”  Erika asked.  Jack stood up and leaned against the wall enclosure.  He looked around the campus.  He held out his hand and helped Erika stand next to him.
“You are safe as long as you are on this campus.  The second you leave those walls, I cannot guarantee anything.  The death squad patrols the streets outside of the campus and through the city.  There have been several uprisings close by lately, but nothing you need to worry about.  Just make sure you and Brian don’t take any more field trips,” he said with a smile.
“We won’t.”  Erika smiled back.
She turned her back to Jack and looked out into the city.  It seemed so peaceful with the gentle autumn breeze blowing through and the slowly changing leaves.  Erika couldn’t believe that just beyond the borders of her line of sight there were uprisings.  Everything beyond the horizon was a serene blur.
“We should head down to breakfast otherwise you won’t have time before class starts.”  Jack suggested.  Erika looked over at him and forced herself to smile.
“Why did you bring me up here?  We could have discussed all of this in my room.” She asked him suddenly.
“Greg isn’t the only one who hides listening devices.”  Jack said holding out his hand.  Erika looked down at a tiny silver device with blue bands.  She didn’t recognize it.  “This is a listening device frequently used by the Central Expanse militia.  I haven’t seen one of these since I was a child.  I found it while taking apart your room the other night.  Sorry again about that.”
“Someone has been listening to me that isn’t you or Greg?”  Erika asked losing her voice again.  Jack nodded.
“We really should get some food into you.  You’re starting to look pale.”  Jack suggested.
Erika followed Jack down the stairs to the quad.  As they reached the bottom of the stairs he hesitated at the door.  Erika stopped abruptly behind him.  He turned around in a rush and roughly grabbed her head.  He pulled her into him and kissed her lips desperately.   For a second Erika thought about fighting him.  She wanted to maintain the slow friendship they were building, but her instincts won over and she leaned into the passionate kiss.  She grabbed his loose cotton shirt and pulled him into her.  Her tongue intertwined desperately with his.  Jack pushed Erika into the wall behind her and wrapped his arms around her.  Erika could hardly breathe.  Her ears were ringing as she wrapped her arms around Jacks head and entwined her fingers in his soft blond hair.  Jack pulled away from Erika and smiled his prideful grin.  He had gotten exactly what he wanted after all.
“I’m glad I can still take your breath away.”  He said pulling away from their embrace.
Jack opened the door and motioned for her to go through first.  Erika straightened out her hair and headed straight for the cafeteria without even stealing a glance back.  She knew he would be grinning from ear to ear and she blushed furiously knowing she had given in to him when she knew she shouldn’t.
Chapter 11

Erika walked into the cafeteria and began scanning the room in the hopes of finding Brian.  She felt her heart beat rapidly in her chest as the memory of the kiss haunted her and his smiling face would be a welcome gift in the morning.  It was early enough that if he was there he would be on his second or third helping of breakfast.  She began to give up hope when she spotted his bright red hair.  She smiled from ear to ear as their eyes met.  He waved emphatically at her and motioned for her to join him.  Erika couldn’t help, but broaden her grin as soon as she saw his.  Brian had a way of brightening up the room and calming her mind.  Erika had been dwelling on the conversation she had with Jack.  She ran through hundreds of different possibilities for who could possibly be listening to her, or trying to test her.  The implications of Jack’s information were huge and Erika wasn’t quite sure how to process any of it.  She was glad to be near Brian where she could push all of that to the back of her mind.  She was especially glad to forget about the conflicting kiss she and Jack had shared at the bottom of the stairwell.  Erika sat beside Brian and immediately felt a weight lift from her shoulders.
“Hey how come Jack isn’t coming over too?  Did something happen between you two?”  Brian asked through a mouthful of food.
Erika watched Jack high five someone and take a seat at a table full of tall guys in loose fitting clothing across the room.  Erika was glad he wasn’t going to literally be her shadow and would watch her from a distance.  She couldn’t squash down her conflicted feelings and lose herself in the company of Brian if he was literally next to her.  Erika felt herself flush at the sight of him, but quickly turned away and put her attention back on her dining companion.
“Nope, nothing happened.  He just wanted to hang out with his friends.  I’m going to get something to eat.”  Erika answered abruptly.  Her stomach growled loudly as she stood up from the table.  She hadn’t realized how hungry she had become.
Brian nodded in recognition of her words and turned his attention to his last plate in front of him.  It contained the largest burrito Erika had ever seen.  She wondered if they made the wrapper especially for him.  Most of the chefs were truly impressed with how much a boy his size could eat and took it as a challenge to fill his belly.  Erika looked over to the food station and saw a few people staring in Brian’s direction with their mouths agape in awe of his eating prowess.
Erika walked over to the long tables full of smoking hot meats and fresh baked pastries.  Erika wandered down the line of food and stopped in front of freshly made corn cakes.  Erika took two and grinned widely.  The smell was intoxicating, sweet but mildly savory.  If she believed in luck she would have felt lucky at the prize in front of her.  Erika felt herself salivating as she heaped two more cakes onto her plate.  She walked farther down the line and grabbed a bowl of vanilla yogurt with fresh berries and felt satisfied with her choices.  She resumed her seat next to Brian and dug her spoon into her yogurt.  She munched down on a raspberry and closed her eyes in pleasure as it burst in her mouth with its sweet juices.
“Mmmmm,” she mumbled aloud.
Erika dug her spoon in again and waited for Brian to make his own noises as he ate.  He had taught her that in order to truly enjoy your food you had to verbalize it.  He however sat silent and unmoving.  Erika looked around the room in alarm, but nothing seemed out of the place.  The whole room echoed with the noise of chatter, laughter and the clinking of utensils on plates, but she couldn’t find any threat.  She looked over at Brian’s whose face was beet red and followed his gaze.  He was staring at a pretty brunette girl who sat across the room from them.  She was chatting with Emiko and Monti while daintily eating pieces of bright orange melon.  Brian sighed leaned forward against the table relaxing his head into his hands.  Erika smiled and ate another spoonful of berry yogurt.  Brian was in love and it made her heart soar.
“So what’s her name?”  Erika asked with a grin.
“Lauren.” Brian mumbled dreamily.  He had dropped his wrap and left the rest of his food untouched.  Erika watched him in fascination.  He had never let any food go to waste before.
Erika finished her yogurt and tore herself away from watching Brian.  He was adorable, but Erika was beyond famished.  She picked up her fork and cut off a chunk of corn cake.  She greedily shoved it in her mouth and felt the kernels burst with sweetness as she chewed.  It was better than she could have imagined.  She finished the cakes before she knew it and stood to get some more.  Brian was lost in his day dreams of Lauren and wasn’t going anywhere.  Erika walked up to the table and piled on three more cakes onto her plate.
“Easy there girly or you’ll get fat,” Greg said with a smile.
“Don’t worry I have a great metabolism.  Hey I wanted to talk to you, tonight if possible.”
Greg nodded and piled more food out onto the tables.  Erika turned to walk away, but hesitated.
“When I’m back at the compound I can’t get food this great.  How do you make something like this?”  She asked pointing to the corn cakes.
Greg smiled kindly at her, “I will bring you the recipe tonight.  I made these myself.  I used some of the corn that was brought in last night.  It’s a special heirloom corn.”
Erika stopped in her tracks and took in a breath.  She knew the answer before she even asked it. “What kind of heirloom corn?”
Greg looked at her puzzled but answered, “It’s called Sweet Gilt, why?”  He looked at her, but she smiled back trying to hide her growing fear.
“No reason.  Just in case I can convince David to get me some.  Thank you.”  She mumbled and took her seat next to Brian.  She looked over at Jake with panic in her eyes.  He slapped his buddy on the back and bolted across the room.  He took a seat opposite Brian and looked at Erika worriedly.
“Hey guys, what’s up?”  He asked as casually as he could, though he needn’t have bothered.  Brian didn’t even look at him.  He managed to grunt a hello, but kept his lovelorn stare at Lauren.  Jack followed his gaze and nodded approvingly at the girl.
“Hey Jack I was hoping you could come by my room tonight.”  Erika asked as casually as she could.
“Of course I can.” Jack answered turning his gaze back to her.  Brian snapped out of his trance and looked at Erika hurt.
“You can’t, we have study group.  Did you forget?” Brian asked, his smile dropping.
“No, of course not.  Jack will you come by after?  We probably won’t be done until midnight.”  Erika said patting Brian on the back and smiling kindly at his reminder to her.
“Sleepover?”  Jack asked with a wink.
Erika looked disgusted at him, but she felt her heart jump in her chest at the thought.  The ringing in her ears returned and her face flushed at the memory of their kiss.
“Not a sleepover.  Just to talk.”  Erika said firmly.
“What are you eating?”  Jack asked looking over her plate.  He reached over and grabbed a corn cake.  He sniffed it wearily and then shoved it into his mouth.
“They’re corn cakes and they’re delicious.”  Erika answered tearing a cake in two and shoving half into her mouth.  The sweet kernels exploded with a foreign nostalgia to her.  She felt tears in her eyes as she chewed, wishing the kernels held the memories that were locked away from her.  Jack and Brian watched her with amusement as she shut her eyes and moaned with enjoyment.
“I didn’t see those when I went up there.  They look great.”  Brian said eyeing her plate.
“Would you like one?” Erika offered.
“No thanks.  I think I’m going to go get thirds.”  Brian said patting his belly jovially.
Brian was up in a flash in the line for food.  Erika watched him pile large globs of fried and mashed potatoes onto a new plate.  He grabbed at several types of meats and finally landed on the corn cakes.
“We don’t have much time before he gets back, what’s up?”  Jack asked.  Erika looked at him wearily.
“I think I have to tell you what I’ve been hiding.  Are there any more bugs in my room?”
Jack thought for a moment and looked around the room.  He leaned in and whispered to her.  “I can clear your room again before our meeting, but I can’t be completely sure.  Greg’s bug is there and I haven’t touched it.  I can clear it out too if you’d like.”
“No don’t worry about it.  Something happened this morning, something related to my secret that I have to tell you.  It’s probably nothing, probably a coincidence but the more we share with each other the safer we will all be.”  Erika decided.  Even if she didn’t fully trust him she felt it was worth the risk.
Jack nodded in agreement and Brian returned with two new plates.  He set one on the other side of him and took his seat.  Lauren sat next to him and smiled shyly at the group.  Brian sat down bright red and flustered.
“Everyone this is Lauren.  She studies in the English department.  Lauren this is Jack and Erika.”  Brian flushed as he introduced everyone.
“Hello Lauren, nice to meet you.”  Erika said with a sweet smile.  Lauren returned it and awkwardly ate her food.  Jack smiled knowingly at Erika and stood up to leave.
“Nice to meet you Lauren.  Sorry I have to jet, but I have to get to class to warm up for the day.  Keep an eye on my girl?”  He asked Brian.  Brian smiled and nodded and Jack left the cafeteria.
“I have to get to class early too.  I am falling a bit behind and should look over my notes before first period.  Bye you guys.”  Erika stood and grabbed her bag reluctantly leaving a corn cake behind.  She walked out of the cafeteria and soon found Emi and Monti at her side.
“Aren’t they just the cutest together?” Emi swooned into Monti’s arms and dramatically draped her arm over her head.  “Their love is just so adorable I could die!”
Monti laughed at her and lifted her back up to her feet.  She reached over and held his hand as they all walked toward the physics building.  Erika couldn’t help, but laugh in merriment with them.
“I am so happy that he has found someone to love.”  Erika announced.  Emiko looked at her seriously.
“What about you?  Do you have someone that you love?  Everyone should have someone.  I have Monti.”  She said while Monti’s cheeks turned bright pink over his dark skin.  “Thomas has Harold, Brian has Lauren.”  Emiko listed off.
Erika smiled and looked up to the sky.  “There might be someone, I used to love him, but found myself building more and more walls between us, but I can’t stop thinking about him.” She confessed.  Emiko nodded, contemplating her.
“Sometimes the best love is the kind that is worked on and built.  Maybe those walls are necessary support for a better structure.”  She offered.
Erika considered her and became lost in thought.  They walked into the physics building and into their first class.  Emiko and Monti took up their seats at the front of the class while Erika sat in the back.  She pulled out her tablet, but didn’t open it.  She stared toward the front of the room and became lost in thought.  She thought about everyone getting to love someone, getting to be free and uninhibited with someone.  Erika felt her frown fall as she thought about her fate.  She was to guard Brian until his breakthrough and then leave.  While she loved Jack she wanted more than that to keep the friends she loved, to be able to walk free with everyone else and feel the sun shining down on her skin.  More than love, she wanted freedom and the ability to choose her own fate rather than one that was thrust on her by the decisions of her mother.  Erika stared down at her tablet and sighed.  This all circled back to her, all of Erika’s strife and worry was hindered on her mother.  She looked up at Emiko and Monti cooing at each other at the front of the room.  She thought about running away with Jack, away from everything, the death squads and the agency, when her job was complete.  She opened up her tablet and began to look at maps of the surrounding area.  More than love, more than friends, she wanted her freedom and she would never be shut away from the sun again.
Chapter 12

Erika slumped into her usual bean bag chair and stared at the wall in front of her.  The jumbled numbers and symbols drawn sloppily on the wall were her key to a safe future, a future without harsh decisions and worrying daily for her life.  Brian entered the room and bounced over to sit next to Harold.  They began to pour over his tablet and entered a world of their own.  Erika pulled out her own tablet and began studying the maps of the nearby villages again.  She pulled up a map of the village of Holt when a voice behind her startled her.
“Oh that’s way outdated.  Holt doesn’t exist anymore.”  Skip said casually taking a seat with Carol and Helen in the corner.  He pulled out his tablet and gave her a funny look.
“Oh, I didn’t know.”  Erika answered flustered.  She was beginning to grow frustrated.  “How am I supposed to find an escape plan when everything is outdated?”  She growled to herself.
“Not many people do.  We were there when the death squad came.  They burned our village to the ground.”  Carol said in a soft voice.  Erika looked at her horrified.  Helen waved her hand and gave her a small smile.
“Everyone we cared about got out fine before the rebellion.  I can send you a newer map if you would like.”  Helen offered.  The trio looked over Erika.  They tilted their heads in judgment, but must have approved because one by one they smiled at her.
Erika nodded her head and the three of them turned their attention to their projections.  Erika received a message from Helen and opened up a newer much smaller map than she had before.  Erika poured over it trying to trace the safest route to the Central Expanse that she could.  Holt was definitely the way to go, even if it didn’t exist any longer.  She traced a route farther out to the border.  She knew where she would need to cross and from there she would make her way west as far as she could until she hit the sand of the Pacific Ocean.  She had heard rumors of entire villages made up of psychics there.  The western coast didn’t maintain their energy from psychic energy, mostly from wind and water as Erika understood it.  She pulled up the only maps she could find of the western coast when she felt the wind next to her shift.  She looked over to see Thomas smiling at her.
“Planning a trip?”  He asked leaning back into his chair.
Erika nodded shyly at him and closed her tablet.  He closed his eyes and placed his hands behind his head.  He looked incredibly relaxed.  Erika found herself envying him.
“That’s the wrong road to take.  My aunt has a country cabin on the edge of the Eastern Union that no one ever uses and seeing as how it’s never used and she owns an incredible expanse of land it is never guarded.  That would be the road that I would take.”
Erika looked at him in shock.  “Does he know what I’m running away from?”  She thought to herself with a mixture of fear and an odd relief.  She hated keeping all of this to herself.  Thomas made no movement to look at her or confirm that he understood her intentions.  He just breathed in deeply and relaxed further into his chair.
“Why would you tell me that?”  Erika cautiously asked.  Thomas opened one eye and looked at her.  He smiled mischievously.
“I know a lot I’m not supposed to Erika.  You are one of us and therefore have the perks of having Harold and I watching out for you.  I’ve already planned out your entire escape from here when the death squad comes.  There’s no reason for you to worry.”  He said sitting up.
“Wha … what … why?”  Erika began, but she couldn’t find the words to finish her sentence.
Thomas looked at her kindly and placed his hand on top of her head.  He tussled her hair like an older brother would to his younger sister.  “You’ve grown on me.  Besides I chose you and Brian specifically because of who the two of you were.  I need to test my theories on someone and who better than … well someone in your condition?”  Thomas said as delicately as he could.
Erika looked up at him in a panic.  “What are you saying?”  She asked a hint of danger in her voice.
Thomas kept his face calm and bemused.  “I won’t tell anyone.  No one here other than Harold knows.  You aren’t the only … open minded one at this campus, just the only one in the physics program.  I hate that my family has made you live your life like an outlaw and I will use all of my power and influence to keep you and the others here safe.  This school is a safe haven even if my aunt has other ideas.  That’s why I made sure there were holes in the fencing.”  Thomas said proudly.
Erika began to put the pieces together in her head.  She wasn’t the only psychic there and Thomas knew who she was, though he didn’t seem to know she was an agent.  She smiled at him kindly.
“Thank you.”  She said weakly.  She felt fatigued from the day’s events and confessions.  She couldn’t help herself from collapsing into the overly comfortable bean bag chair.   She stared dully into the ceiling and felt herself becoming numb.  It was all becoming too much for her.  Thomas moved to lie on his side and looked at her carefully.
“I’m sorry the death squad is moving in.  I’m sorry this safe haven isn’t as safe as it used to be.  I won’t make you help me with my experiments, but …”
“I’ll help.  I’ll help in any way you need.”  Erika interrupted him.  She sat up and looked at him eagerly.  He seemed taken aback by her enthusiasm.  He hadn’t expected it, but he was delighted by her eagerness to help him.  He grinned and nodded at her happily.
“I was hoping you would say that.”  He said looked across from them at his wall.  “I can’t wait to stick it to my aunt when I finally solve this.  Maybe the horrid bitch will die from shock.”  He added harshly.  Erika looked at him stunned at his language and change in demeanor.
“Why do you hate your aunt so much?”  She asked out of curiosity.  He looked at her carefully before explaining.
“I thought you knew.  My aunt is Lilly Barton.”  He said shame covering his face.
Erika immediately looked away from him to hide her shock.  Her mind was reeling as she lay back in her bean bag chair to absorb that information.  In hindsight she should have made that connection before.  He was the descendant of the person who created the psychic energy formula, so was Lilly Barton.  She made a huge deal out of it every time she spoke on television.  She was the president of the Eastern Union and was quickly making her advances to strike down the Central Expanse and claim it as her own as well.  She was an ambitious monster who relied heavily on her platform of humanely gathering psychic energy so the rest of the normal people could live long and comfortable lives.  Erika found herself hoping that Thomas’s prediction was right, that the bitch would die of shock when her precious psychic energy was taken from her, and infinite energy was freely available to all.  Her power would be stripped and her regime would fall.  Erika felt the corners of her mouth tug into a vicious smile, but it quickly fell away.
Erika shuddered into her bean bag chair as she thought more on Lily Barton.  She always stood tall and proud at her podium in her pristine black dresses and her hair neatly tied behind her in a bun.  Her voice commanded the audience and convinced anyone that listened to her that the world was on the verge of imminent peace as she held up her steel sword and cast it down on anyone who would stand against her.
“Bitch will get what’s coming to her.”  Thomas grumbled.
“Agreed.”  Erika said coldly.  Thomas looked at her and laughed.  Erika joined in and they laughed at their mutual hatred.  It was an odd thing to laugh over, but Erika needed it.  Just a tiny jovial escape from her heavy burden.
“What are you guys giggling about over there?”  Brian asked bounding across the room and sitting next to Thomas.
“Nothing.”  Erika said smiling brightly.
Brian smiled at them both and stared at the wall across from them.  He furrowed his brow and leaned forward in his seat concentrating on the difficult equations in front of him.  Thomas looked at him proudly.
“I think I’ll get us some drinks.  I got a new shipment in a few days ago.  Today’s flavor is called root beer.”  He announced and crossed the room to his cooler.  Erika looked over at Brian and delved into his brain.  She was exhausted from her long day and still reeling from the connections she missed, but she ventured into his mind anyway.
Brian was an interesting person to listen in to.  He would go from one equation to another, half solving them and then moving on.  Eventually he would double back and then everything would line up in his mind perfectly.  He was the only person that Erika knew that thought that way.  It made sense why most people underestimated his intelligence.  He seemed bubbly and spacey to those that didn’t know him.  To Erika he was the most brilliant person she knew.  He stumbled onto the infinite energy part of the wall and stayed there.  He read it over and over to himself just repeating it again and again as if he were scolding himself.  Erika felt her heart stop in her chest as he repeated the equation, that if solved, would mean she could live in this world free from being hunted.  Brian didn’t seem to notice her staring at him, but Thomas did.  Erika’s vision was blocked by a glass bottle descending into her view.  She looked up at Thomas who resumed his seat next to her.
“A little sugary pick me up.”  He said setting a bottle next to Brian who didn’t look away from the equation.
“It will take time and patience.  Eventually all things will be discovered.  The nature of the universe cannot remain a mystery forever.” Thomas said wisely leaning back into his bean bag chair.
“You know your numbers are wrong.”  Brian finally blurted out.
Thomas choked on his sip of root beer and Harold looked as if he might tear Brian in two.  Brian bounded merrily across the room and grabbed a small piece of chalk.  He wiped away the equation and rewrote it out in neat handwriting.  Harold’s jaw dropped and Thomas dropped his bottle into his lap.  Brian turned around when he was finished and nearly burst out crying as the entire room was staring at him in shock.
“I … I’m sorry,” he said, but Thomas stood up and rushed over to him, his lap covered in sticky liquid.
“You are a damn genius!”  He cried out as he wrapped Brian in a bear hug.  He began to spin him around in circles.  “Fucking genius!”  He cried out again as he set Brian on his feet.  “You are from now on our new partner on this.  Harold?”  Thomas looked to his roommate for approval.  Harold still sat stunned, but read over the equation and found no fault in it.
“We would be fools not to claim him as our own before someone else figures out how smart he is.” Harold concluded.
Harold turned back to his tablet and began to lick his wounds by working on his own projects.  Thomas began to jump around the room exuding all of the happiness he felt.  Brian beamed out and Emiko jumped up from her seat next to Monti to hug him.
“Great job.”  She beamed.
“Thanks.” Brian answered shyly.
Erika looked up at Thomas who finally stopped jumping around to acknowledge her.
“Who needs patience anyway?  We’re halfway there!”  He exclaimed and began to jump around again.
Erika stared at the wall in front of her still in amazement.  Brian had solved part of the equation.  The wall was marred with incomplete equations and sloppy handwriting, but in the middle was the perfectly clean spot with the perfectly neat handwriting.  That spot in the middle was the hope for her future.  Erika found herself laughing again.  Laughing for joy, laughing away her pain and laughing for her new family that would do anything to protect her.
Chapter 13

Erika walked into her room and stopped dead.  Her two partners had already arrived and were looking at her expectantly.  She felt like she was late, but she knew she was on time.  Jack was lounging on her bed while Greg sat annoyed in her chair.  They both refused to make eye contact with each other.  Erika felt another heavy burden pile onto her shoulder.  She walked toward her desk and set down her bag.  She walked to her balcony and felt a wave of paranoia wash over her.  She looked around but her gaze was met with only blackness.  She shut her balcony doors anyway and turned toward the room.  Jack stood up and motioned for her to sit on her bed.  She took two steps and leaned against her desk instead.  His face fell slightly.
“Okay kid what’s going on?”  Greg asked gruffly.
Erika felt herself become nervous for the first time that day.  She hadn’t really figured out what she was going to tell them both.  How much she would reveal and how much she trusted either of them.  She looked at them both carefully before taking a deep breath and deciding to pour out her worries and woes to the two men in her room.
“Jack, you were right, there are some things that I have been hiding.”  Erika said reluctantly looking at him.  Jack didn’t make a move or even flinch.  He looked at her with all seriousness and concern.  “I should start out first with a confession.  I think the reason David wanted me specifically for this assignment is because I am a psychic.”  She looked from Greg to Jack to see how this news would register.  Most at the agency treated her like she was dirty and disgusting to be around when they found out.  She kept it a secret from as many people as possible.  Most just thought she was a ward of the agency and a favorite of David and his father.  Hey figured she was kept under constant guard because of their favoritism for her.  Jack showed no indication that this was news to him, but Greg had tilted his head and regarded her with more thought.
“You should have told me from the start.”  Greg reprimanded.  “Now I know why you entered though the cafeteria doors instead of the front and why Jack was so insistent that you were taken in through the fence when you were drugged.  I thought this might be the case.  You shouldn’t feel you have to hide that.  What kind of psychic are you?”  Greg asked looking at Erika.  He was staring her over and assessing her with the newfound information.
Erika felt her face redden.  Greg seemed almost hurt that she hadn’t told him about this part of her.  He didn’t seem mad, just left out.  Like he had been judged harshly, and not given a fair chance.  “I didn’t tell you because of how most people treat me when they find out.  There were a few agents early on, when I was younger, that found out and bulled me unfairly.  Director James … well they were no longer with the agency when he discovered how they had reacted to me.  As for what kind of psychic I am … I don’t know exactly.  I can jump into most people’s minds, I can move a few things here and there, but I have never really tried to test my limits.  I don’t want to get caught so I mostly try to ignore it.”  She explained hurriedly.
Jack looked over at Greg who wouldn’t take his eyes off of Erika.  He cleared his throat and crossed his arms across his chest.  “Do you know what happened to those agents?”  Greg asked.
Erika nodded her head and looked to her lap.  She felt as if she may burst into tears.  Her heart was thudding violently in her chest and her cheeks burned with guilt.  She hadn’t told anyone how the agents would pinch her and push her around when they learned she was a psychic.  She didn’t understand why there were adults that were treating her so cruelly.  It was one of her earliest memories and she felt ashamed and tortured by it.  She didn’t know it was meant to be a secret that she was different.  She was small and new and they went out of their way to make sure that she knew that.  David caught one of the young women pulling on her hair and calling her names and became violent himself.  Erika felt awful for what happened.  She knew it couldn’t entirely be her fault, they were bullying her, but because of her they had died.  Greg cleared his throat again and softened his gaze at her.
“I was hoping you didn’t.”  He admitted, dropping his gaze from her.
“I wish I didn’t too.  It is not a guilty burden that I like carrying around with me.”  Erika admitted.
“It makes no difference to me if you can see in my head or not.  All you’re gonna see is the large dark void I like to throw liquor into.  Sometimes rum, but only when I’m feeling dainty.”  Greg said with a wink.
Erika laughed and a tear fell down her face.  Jack was at her side in a flash and wiped it away.  He smiled kindly at her and pushed her playfully.
“So you can see in my head huh?  What am I thinking about now?”  He asked puckering up her lips at her.  She pushed him back and made a disgusted face at him.
“I don’t want to know what goes on in that perverted head of yours.”  Erika teased back.
“You’re missing out.  Lots of fun things go on in my head.  Visit any time you like.”  Jack flirted with a wink.
Erika laughed and felt the tension inside of her release.  She felt her knotted up back muscles relax for the first time that day.  She looked at the two amused men and finally felt safe.  She took in another deep breath and continued.
“With that confession out of the way I do have something else to tell you both.  I was going to keep this a secret, but somehow David must have figured out what I was doing, someone else must have too because of what happened this morning.”
Greg and Jack both instinctively leaned forward as Erika lowered her voice.  She looked around her room in paranoia, but whether someone was listening or not the two of them had to know what she was doing behind their backs.  Erika stood up and walked to her bag.  She pulled out her tablet and swiped her finger across the screen.  She handed it to Jack and took her seat on the bed again.  He looked up at her with one eyebrow raised questioning her sanity and her openness.  She nodded at him.
“I can’t have secrets from you if you are going to keep me safe. “  She turned to Greg.  “I wasn’t planning on bringing you in this at all, but this morning, with the cakes, I think I have to.”
“What’s going on kid?”  Greg asked with concern.
Erika sat up straight and took in another breath to strengthen herself.  She began to feel lightheaded with all of her deep breathing, but it was relaxing.  She had never confessed her want or need to find her birth parents before and she was scared at what she would inevitably find.  She opened her mouth to confess, but Jack twitched on the bed and threw her tablet down in shock.
“What the hell were you thinking Erika?  If David has any inkling that you are looking into Gilt, he will have you restrained and sent to the energy chambers after he sews your mouth shut himself.”  Jack looked at her wide eyed in horror.  Erika felt all of her muscles tense up again and her heart began to thud so hard she was sure they could hear it.
“I have to find out what happened.”  She said in a quiet voice.
“Erika this is stupid!  You are going to get yourself killed.”  He yelled at her.
“This is my life; I have a right to know about it.  I don’t understand why you are so mad.”  Erika confessed.  She watched Jack pace as he ran his hands through his hair.  He seemed unable to breath.
Greg reached over and took the tablet.  He began swiping his hand across the screen absorbing all of Erika’s research.  Erika felt near tears again.  She didn’t expect Jack to react so harshly.
“Why are you doing this?”  Jack asked standing in front of her.
“To find her mother.  Oh sweetheart is that why you were so edgy this morning with the corn cakes?”  Greg asked gently.
Erika nodded her head and couldn’t hold back her tears anymore.  She sat on her desk and curled her knees up to her chest.  She began to cry softly and tried to hide her face with her hands.  The memory of the corn cakes and the little bits of nostalgia it brought forth both warmed her and destroyed her simultaneously.  She looked up at Jack expecting him to still be mad at her, but he stood there with his mouth agape.  Greg swiped his finger on the tablet and set it down on her desk.  He stood up and put his hand on her shoulder.
“I’m so sorry.  That shipment came in … I didn’t know.  I knew about your … brain predicament, even with you not saying anything, but I had no idea you were her.” Erika looked up at him confused.
Jack threw his hands into his hair and looked to the ceiling.  “It all makes so much more sense!  Why the director was always so watchful over you, why you were never allowed outside, you’re her!”  Jack exclaimed and flopped down on the bed next to her.  Erika looked from Greg to Jack and back and forth.  Finally Jack sat up and looked at her in dismay.
“I’m sorry I yelled at you.  You didn’t deserve that but you have to stop your search.  Why in the world did David let you out of the complex?”  Jack began to look around in a panic.
“He doesn’t know.  We are the only three that do now that James is dead.  We let it go here.  I am with Jack, everything you have done so far is done, but no more.  It’s too dangerous.”  Greg demanded.
“Are either one of you going to fill me in on how dangerous it is?”  She asked beginning to feel angry with them.  She had done months’ worth of research, but she hadn’t landed on anything that would cause this type of reaction from them.
“The files you have are incorrect.  They were doctored by the president of the Eastern Union at the time.  There was only one survivor that day, one lone child that killed not only the invading death squad, but the entire village as well.”  Greg retook his seat at her desk and looked at her carefully.
“No, I have death certificates and prison records for people that were there.  I found my mother!”  Erika exclaimed, but Jack shook his head next to her.
“Those were all forgeries.  All part of the public record.  As agents we use the village of Gilt as a training scenario for how to find a psychic and bring them in safely before something like this happens.”  He shuddered and turned to Greg, “Why was there Gilted corn brought in?”
Greg shrugged his shoulders, “I thought the fields burned down along with the entire crop.  I didn’t even question it until now.  No one ordered it specifically, it just came with the normal shipment of fresh produce.  I’ll look into it.”
Erika began to shake on her bed.  These two were accusing her of slaughtering an entire village and an army of death squad soldiers and not even blinking an eye.  “That must have been someone else.  Someone else that killed all of those people and burned down the fields.  I am barely psychic, how could I have done something like that?”  Her eyes were filled with tears again.  Jack reached out and held her close.
“I don’t think you would have done anything like that on purpose, but if you are from Gilt and you aren’t the child who leveled an entire army then there is more than one survivor from the doomed village.  Either way it isn’t something you should think about anymore.  It didn’t happen, Gilt doesn’t exist in your mind.  Put it away and never think of it again.”  Erika nodded in agreement.
“With that I am going to take off.  I have to get up early for the morning shift.  Get some sleep if you can kid.  We’ll be looking out for you.”  Greg stood and gently placed his hand on Erika’s shoulder.  He squeezed lightly and left.
“I can stay the night if you like?”  Jack asked as innocently as he could.  Erika shook her head and looked over at her pillows.
“I think I just really need to sleep.  I’ll be okay.”  She answered with a yawn.  Jack stood and walked to her door.
“If you change your mind you can just pop into my head.”  He winked at her and ducked from a pillow she lobbed at him.
The door shut behind Jack and Erika rushed from her bed to her desk.  She grabbed her tablet and opened it to the files on Gilt.  Not all of the pictures were fabricated and she knew it.  She realized why she felt no connection to her mother and father, because they weren’t really her parents.  There was more to her past than she knew and whether Jack and Greg were on board she would find out.  She scanned through the photos of the deceased again and landed on the one that tugged on her memory the other day.  She walked over to her bed and lay down staring at her tablet into the bright blue eyes of the only picture that held any significance to her.
“Hello Serilee.”  She said into her tablet as she shut off her lights and tucked herself into bed.
She closed her tablet, but kept it with her in bed.  She curled up with it next to her on her pillow and fell asleep with the image of the young woman with the stern face in her mind.  She quickly fell asleep and fell back into the dream she had the night before.  Only this time the stern woman from the photo was screaming at her while the corn fields around them burned.  No one else seemed to notice, so Erika didn’t mind as well as she laughed and ran around with her friends in the hot flames of the smoking fields.  They were all playing one grand game and Erika was winning.
Chapter 14

Erika rolled over in bed feeling incredibly warm.  She felt sweltering under the wafting heat that radiated around her.  She could smell the acrid fumes of the flames as they licked up the golden sweet corn around them.  Erika could hear Serliee screaming in despair as Erika continued to dance compulsively.  Her feet were bloodied and raw from dancing in the flames all night, but she couldn’t stop.  The screams of her mother sang her a morbid lullaby as she danced in the flames she had created.  Erika bolted up in bed and looked around her room in alarm.  It was barely dawn outside.  The rising sunlight cast eerie shadows across her walls.  The balding red tree outside continued her dance in the flames.  The rising sun cast its fiery hue through the falling leaves.  The heavy wind sent them cascading to the ground like a flaming rain.
Erika thought about curling up into a ball and going back to sleep, but she knew she wouldn’t be able to rest anymore.  If she did manage to fall asleep she would inevitably find herself in the village of Gilt once more dancing on the charred remains of her brethren merrily.  She shuddered and threw her sheets off of her.  She greeted the cool morning air with welcoming open arms.
Erika quickly got dressed in her uniform and decided to have an early breakfast.  She wasn’t particularly hungry, but was happy to sit in the cafeteria and people watch.  She still felt tense from the night before and this would give her a chance to be alone with her tablet before Brian woke up.  She reached for her door to walk downstairs when she heard a thud on the other side.  She threw open her door to see Brian in a panic in front of it.  Her eyes grew wide as did his and they stood there staring at each other until Jack broke their silence.
“Brian wanted to ask you something.  We have been out here for about twenty minutes trying to figure this out, but I think we need a woman’s perspective.”  Jack confessed with a sideways grin.
Erika looked back and forth between them and finally tilted her head in confusion.  Brian seemed to be breathing rapidly as his cheeks flushed and burned.  She looked back at Jack who smiled in amusement.
“Well let’s go get some breakfast and figure this out.”  She suggested.
Erika felt deflated as the three of them entered the elevator.  She tried to smile kindly at them, but she felt smothered by their presence.  She had been eager to spend some time alone to research her mother now that she had more information.  She felt guilt tease at her stomach as she thought of the picture of Serilee.  The pointed nose and the stern face plead with her again to stop dancing.  Erika shuddered as the memory flooded fresh in her mind.  Her dream stuck with her as they descended.  She sucked in a deep breath as the doors opened and she walked out into the morning with her body guards.  Regardless of the promise that she made to Jack and Greg she couldn’t let it go.  Even if she was a murderer and a psychopath she had to know her past.
The three of them walked into the cafeteria.  The air wafted warmly out at them as the doors opened to greet them.  It was completely empty this early in the morning and Erika loved it.  She walked straight for the food line and filled her plate with fresh fruit and a small pastry.  Brian barely filled up one plate with smoked sausage and fried potatoes while Jack began to eat his way through the line as he piled food on his plate.  By the time they sat down at an isolated table away from the few early risers, Jack was beginning to feel full and Brian looked miserable.  Erika reached out her hand and touched Brian’s arms gently.
“What’s the matter?”  She asked protectively.
His mouth quivered as he looked at her with his eyes brimming with tears.  Jack set down his fork and devoted his attention to Brian.  Erika was glad that they seemed to be bonding, even if it was an intrusion on her morning.
“I’m in love with her Erika, but I don’t know what to do,” he said miserably.
Erika took her hand away and began tapping against the table.  She looked around the cafeteria and saw Monti and Emi walk in.  She waved them over and they sat down at the table.  Brian looked up in a panic at them.
“We have to help Brian win his girl.”  Erika declared.
Jack slammed his fist into the table and leaned in to start their strategy session.  Emiko was thrilled and leaned in with him grinning from ear to ear.  The studs in her cheeks glittered as she smiled.  Monti raised an eyebrow at them, but Brian got into the spirit of the meeting and leaned in as well.
“First we have to know everything about her.”  Jack looked at Brian to fill them in.  He shrugged at him and opened his mouth, but Emiko spoke up before Brian could speak.
“She grew up in a city on the Western Coast and transferred here because of the library.  She is the only person I have EVER seen reading one of the paper books.  Her family is incredibly wealthy and she lives in my dorm in Sunset East.”  Emiko filled them in.
Brian looked at them, miserably love sick.  Jack leaned into his hands deep in thought.  Emiko scrunched up her nose and stared at the ceiling.  They all went into planning mode, but no one seemed to want to vocalize their ideas.  Brian finally hunched over miserably.
“I’ll never get her if she’s wealthy.  I come from a poor village; I’m not worthy enough of her.  I’ve never felt this way before.  I hurt, but I feel blissful all at the same time.  Please Emiko, Erika, help me.”  He looked at them desperately.  The girls looked at each other and smiled.
“Brian, any girl would be lucky to have a guy as thoughtful and caring as you.”  Erika pointed out.
“Besides you are in top social standing in the school which bumps you up to an elite status.  You are untouchable here because of Thomas and Harold, and you are top in the physics program.  So saying you aren’t worthy of her because of her parents wealth and status is untrue.”  Emiko reasoned.
“He just needs to ask her on a date around the campus.  Some big grand gesture to win her over.”  Jack suggested.
Everyone looked at Brian who sat there trying his best not to panic.  He looked down at his plate and then finally up at everyone else and began to nod.
“I guess I can do a grand gesture, if that’s what you guys think will work.”  He answered meekly.
Emi clapped her hands together and jumped up in her seat.  Monti kept quiet and to himself.  He looked over sympathetically to Brian, but he didn’t have anything to contribute.  He looked lovingly at Emiko who was so excited she was trembling in her seat and he smiled.  She had pursued him and if it wasn’t for her taking the first step they wouldn’t be together.  He would be in the same boat as Brian, pining over the girl of his dreams and dreading that she was unattainable.
“I know! You could stand on the top of the table when she walks in and read her poetry that you wrote yourself about her.”  Emiko exclaimed.
Brian looked at her mortified.  He hadn’t realized that the grand gesture would entail public embarrassment.  Erika reached out her hand to him again to reassure him that she was there for him.
“What if he just read it to her in private?”  Erika suggested.
Emiko looked at her as if she were insane.  Jack shrugged his shoulders and Brian sank into his seat.  Emiko pulled out her tablet and begin to tap away with her fingers.
“It should be something beautiful that reflects how smart and pretty she is and how much you care for her.”  She said as she began typing.
Brian sank further into his seat and lost all of the bright red coloring to his face.  He looked at Erika desperately.  She looked over at Emiko who became lost in her own world writing poetry to a girl she barely knew in Brian’s name.
“What do you want to do to win her love?”  Erika asked him.
Brian sat up a little bit and contemplated her question.  He tapped his fingers nervously against the tablet as he thought.
“I … I don’t know.  What did Jack do to make you fall in love with him, you know when you two were together?”  He asked meekly.
Erika felt her face flush as Jack turned all of his attention to her and smiled like a spoiled child.  She had never really confessed to him why she fell in love with him, but she felt she had to answer Brian.  He was so desperate for reassurance, encouragement and ideas.
“It … It wasn’t anything in particular.  It was just a lot of little things.”  Erika said realizing she couldn’t tell the whole truth.  Brian didn’t know she had lived inside thick cement walls, hidden away from the world until recently.  She couldn’t tell him that Jack had brought the outside to her and helped her feel the warmth of the sunshine and the freshness of the air inside of her prison.  She cleared her throat and hoped she wasn’t blushing enough for anyone else to notice.
“Jack was the only person who could see the real me and he helped me to be able to share that person with others.  No one else was able to make me that happy and free when I was otherwise trapped in a cage.”  Erika confessed.
Brian looked at her with wide eyes and finally cracked a smile.  Jack was so happy Erika thought he might jump up and start reading her poetry in the middle of the cafeteria.  Erika looked around at all the people coming into the hall and spotted Lauren at a table across the room.  She looked over at Brian who hadn’t spotted her yet and put a reassuring arm around his shoulders.
“Lauren would be lucky to have you.  Don’t stress about it.  Let it happen organically.  Sure, let her know how you feel, but don’t rush it or put too much pressure on yourself.”  Erika suggested to him.
Erika felt Brian relax under her arm.   She removed it and began to eat her breakfast.  She closed her eyes in ecstasy as she ate a large piece of watermelon.  She popped a grape in her mouth and it burst between her teeth.  Emiko cleared her throat finally and began to read her poem to the group.
“Okay, here’s what I have so far.  To the flaxen haired beauty that swings through the winds.  You haunt my days, my nights, and my dreams.  Your cobalt eyes see through to my soul and with you by my side I’ll never grow cold as I swing through the winds with you by my side.  What do you guys think?”  Emiko looked up with her bright eyes as everyone grew quiet.
“That was perfect.”  Monti finally said saving everyone else from offering their opinion.  Emiko beamed at him and planted a kiss on his lips.  She finally looked to Brian, but saw his seat empty.
“Where did he go?”  She asked and everyone looked around the cafeteria in alarm.  Erika felt herself begin to panic.  She hadn’t felt him get up; she was too absorbed in Emiko’s terrible poetry.  She finally looked over to Lauren and saw her beaming with pink flushed cheeks as Brian spoke to her.  She pointed and the group looked over to see Brian heading back toward their table beaming.
“We have a date for tomorrow afternoon.”  Brian announced with an unstoppable grin on his face.  He took his seat by Erika.
“That’s fantastic what are you guys going to do?” Erika asked.
“I am going to read her poetry from an old book in the library underneath the trees in the quad.”
Both girls swooned and dreamily rested the heads in their hands.  Jack and Monti exchanged questioning glances.
“I think I should be taking dating advice from you my friend instead of the other way around.”  Jack finally said to Brian.  He beamed with pride.
Erika watched her friends happily as they conversed and laughed.  She looked across the room at Lauren who kept stealing adoring glances at Brian.  She put a piece of cantaloupe in her mouth and enjoyed her joyful and noisy morning with her friends.  She wished more than anything at that moment that her troubles and worries would forever stay away and she could live like this for the rest of her life.  Surrounded by friends who loved and supported each other and celebrated each other’s triumphs.
Chapter 15

Erika shivered under the chill that had overtaken the town of Yarding.  Winter was descending on the area quickly and with it came bitter and unforgiving coldness.  The wind blew in breezily and casually, but still bit hard.  Erika rubbed her numbing hands together and wished for fall to return.  She stood alone on top of a rooftop overlooking the quad and the large bronzed tree Brian had picked for his late afternoon date with his new adoration, Lauren.  He had spread out a blanket and had grabbed a few snacks from the cafeteria earlier that day.  His face had become permanently blushed, and he seemed overly jittery.  Erika watched him with an overwhelming overprotectiveness.  She was concerned that this newfound romance would take his focus away from his work, but she didn’t want to selfishly deny Brian this tiny slice of life that he may never get to experience again.  The second he made his breakthrough his world would change drastically around him and he would be on the run for the rest of his life.  Erika felt a sudden wave of sadness wash over her.  She watched Brian with a newfound envy as he paced the cold hard ground around the blanket waiting anxiously for Lauren to appear.  Erika felt movement just behind her and turned to see Greg joining her atop the lonely roof.
“What’s up kid?”  He asked gruffly.
Erika greeted him with a smile and motioned her head toward the nervous Brian.  Greg immediately smiled with her and took up watch next to her.  The breeze flew past them chilling them to their core.  Erika shivered under her black jacket, the cold steel of her gun against her too thin black pants left a patch of her leg numb and tingling.  She tried uncomfortably to adjust it, but inevitably just left it as it was.  She wished more than anything she had kept on her temperature controlled uniform, but she somehow figured surveillance should be conducted with separate attire.  It was her way of compartmentalizing, but now she wished she hadn’t.
“How has he been faring?”  Greg asked her turning his attention away from their mark.
Erika kept her eyes glued to Brian.  A knot formed in her stomach as she watched him nervously pace.  She wanted to be closer to him, she wanted to wrap him in her arms and protect him like a small vulnerable child.  She swallowed hard and finally turned her attention to Greg.
“He is doing fine.  I however am not.”  She admitted reluctantly.
Erika sucked in the cold oppressive winter air.  It shocked her lungs and she began to stifle a violent cough.  She hunched over miserable and hacking.  Greg pat her back sympathetically.  She finally relaxed and nodded to Greg to reassure him.  She looked up in exasperation with her situation.  The sky was crystal clear and bluer than she had ever seen it, but murmurs on campus claimed it would snow soon.  She smiled meekly at the thought of experiencing snow for the first time in her life.  She felt fragile as the wind blew by again and her skin stung as the temperature dropped even further around her.  She wanted desperately to see snow, to see the season’s change, to feel free underneath the blank blue canvas of the sky above.  The cold darkness of the agency’s compound was too much for her.  She looked at Greg and suddenly felt warmth spread across her face.  An eerie warmth that didn’t comfort, but felt breaking.  Her face suddenly froze as quickly as it had flushed.   She reached her gloved hand to her cheek and was surprised to find it wet.  She had begun to cry and hadn’t even realized.  Greg in one bound wrapped her in his arms.  She could smell the overwhelming stench of alcohol and tobacco.  She breathed in deeply, letting the smell lull her into a sort of paternal lullaby.  She pulled away and looked up puffy eyed and red faced at her partner.  He smiled weakly down at her.
“You’re afraid,” he said as a statement rather than a question.  Erika nodded and began to cry again.  “You aren’t giving up your search are you?”  He asked with a sigh.  Erika shook her head and began to cry harder.
Greg walked over to the edge of the rooftop and looked down at Brian.  He motioned Erika to join him, and they looked down to see Brian grinning from ear to ear.  His face a much more natural color than the bright rouge it had donned earlier.  He had an ancient book open and read dramatically to Lauren who sat daintily at his side laughing delicately at his interpretation of the poetry.  Erika couldn’t help but laugh and smile warmly at the scene.  Her tears were drying cold on her cheeks.  Her face ached under the chilly air.  Greg reached out his hand and touched her shoulder gently.
“How much do you trust lover boy?”  He asked.
Erika looked up at him confused and realized he meant Jack.  She turned from him thinking about his question.  She wondered to herself how much she trusted Jack.  He had always been there for her, but he had shown up out of nowhere.  He had gone through her room and had been keeping secrets, but in the end, with everything in the open it had turned out for the best.  Everything was happening too quickly for Erika.  She finally decided that she didn’t necessarily trust him, but she trusted him enough.  She nodded and Greg heaved a heavy sigh.
“I’ve been thinking about this for a while.  Brian is an easy watch.  You can do this by yourself, but seeing as how you also need watching I will be leaving Brian to you and you to Jack.”  Greg looked around to the other rooftops to ensure that they were still alone.  He finally seemed satisfied that they weren’t being watched and leaned in closer to Erika lowering his voice.
“I am going to be leaving.  It isn’t safe for you to find your mother, but I have some feelers out.  I have to do this alone.  Something odd is going on and I trust David as much as I did his father, which is to say I don’t.  I need to follow this up on my own without the agencies interference.  Their role in this whole thing isn’t entirely clear.” He told her.
Greg turned Erika to look at him and he grabbed both of her shoulders.  She felt alarm rising in her.  She had never seen him this serious or this alert.  His dark brown eyes looked down on her intensely.
“This is very important.  The agency cannot know that I have left the campus.  When you check in with David assure him that I am on watch with Brian.  If they suspect that we are looking into anything without their knowledge you will be locked away forever and no one will be able to save you.  David doesn’t know anything past the end of his own nose, let’s keep it that way.”
Erika nodded like a frightened child at him.  He released his grip of her shoulders and she felt like collapsing against the rooftop.  Her head began to swirl and buzz around her.  She leaned against the wall surrounding the rooftop for support.  She looked down on Brian who had dropped his dramatic reading.  He leaned against the tree.  The green grass below him was littered with bright orange and red leaves.  Lauren rested her pretty blond head against his shoulder as he read to her in a whisper.  She looked up at him slightly and he leaned down toward her.  Erika turned away before they kissed.  That moment was for Brian and not for her to spy on.  She had intruded so far into his life, but this moment was his.  She looked at Greg and felt a fevered burn that flashed through her.  She had never felt anything like it, but it felt similar to jealousy and passion, life and darkness.  A swirl of fire and a cascade of icy water washed over her.
“Everyone has been keeping secrets from me.  I want to find out what they are.  This is my life and I won’t be held a prisoner in it any longer.”  She spat out with a newfound determination.
Greg let a crooked smile escape across his lips.  He took a step forward and reached out his hand.  Erika hesitated, but took it and they shook.  “I knew I liked you kid.  Don’t worry; I’m the best in the agency, regardless of what lover boy thinks.  I will find out everything.  I’ll be in touch.”
Greg reached into his pocket and pulled out a silver flask.  He handed it to Erika along with his pack of cigarettes from his dirty blue shirt pocket.  “I won’t be needing these anymore.  Keep an eye on them for me will you?”
Erika nodded and watched Greg leave her alone on the cold rooftop.  She found herself filled with hope, fear and terrible, terrifying guilt.  If anything happened to Greg while he was searching for the answers she so desperately wanted she would never forgive herself.  She felt like a selfish child crying for a lost toy.  Tears began to pour down her face again.  She took up her watch over Brian.  Lauren was leaning against his shoulder again.  Her hair spilling down his bright red sweater.  They looked so comfortable in their blossoming new love.  She and Jack had never looked that comfortable.  Erika sniffled miserably as more warm tears spilled down her cheeks.
Erika had never intended to fall in love with Jack.  He had always pursued her and she fell into him because he brought her sunshine from the outside world.  Jack had always been the one to push her out of her prison and now that she was out she felt guilt overtake her again as she realized all she had done was push him away.  The first time they met she was entranced in her computer trying to find someone for Jack’s partner at the time.  Jack instantly fell in love with her, but for Erika it had been more gradual.  He brought her presents like flowers and chocolates, but the one treat he had brought her that was her most treasured was a cricket.  The tiny bug sang her to sleep at night in its little makeshift terrarium, but it had driven her other dorm mates insane so she opted to have someone let it go outside.  It broke her heart when she had to say good bye to her little noisy friend and Jack comforted her the entire night as she cried in his arms.  He told her he found a lovely field and set it loose so it could live free.  Erika kissed Jack for the first time that morning when she woke up and saw him sprawled out on the cold hard concrete floor next to her single bed.  The other girls in the dorm gave her jealous looks as they left for their early morning shifts.  They were also prisoners like Erika and had never known the love that Jack felt for her.
Erika felt a warm hand clamp down on her shoulder.  She turned around, her eyes still filled with tears and saw Jacks worried look.  She felt out of control of her own body.  She was saying things with a determination she had never had before and she was acting with a compulsion she had never felt before.  Her wits had gone and by the time she had collected them she was out of breath, her gloved hands tangled in Jack’s messy blond hair.  His soft warm mouth pushed desperately against hers.  She felt his earnestness as he pushed against her and wrapped his ungloved hands under her shirt and around to her back.  She let a soft moan escape past her lips as his mouth found its way to her neck.  Her eyes flung open and underneath the brilliant azure sky she felt her heart burst.  Jack heaved a heavy breath and pulled away from her.
“Erika, maybe we should …” he tried to speak but Erika found his lips before he could finish his sentence.
Erika clamped her eyes shut and pushed out the real world.  All of her problems, worries, guilt and regret were pushed away as she threw her gloves to the ground and pushed her cold hands underneath Jack’s shirt.  Her hands wandered over his hardened abs and his smooth chest.  He jumped away at first, but her lips pursued his and brought him back into her arms.  For the first time in their relationship Erika was the pursuer.  She could feel Jack’s hesitation quickly release as her hungry lips pushed against his.  She wrapped her arms around his back and pulled him toward her.  Their bodies, lips, arms were intertwined with each other.  Tangled, messy and distracting.
Erika felt relief as the cold breeze blew past them.  Jack pulled away from her and unwrapped his arms from her back.  He gently grabbed her face and brought his lips to her gently as if she were so delicate she would break from their intensity.  He pulled his face back and his worried look returned.  Erika pushed him away and turned away from him.  She couldn’t stand for him to look at her with worry and pity.
“I want this more than anything, but I can’t protect you if I’m distracted.  I don’t trust myself to make the best decisions when I am lusting after you,” Jack confessed quickly.
Erika took up her perch looking down at Brian and shook her head.  The cold wind gusted through violently.  Brian and Lauren had packed up their date neatly and were walking hand in hand toward the library.  Neat and pristine, it made her angry that she couldn’t have love like that.  Hers was messy and inconsistent.  The wind grew with gusto as if she herself were controlling the weather by sheer force of will.  She watched them enter the warm building and turned to look at Jack.  She found herself angrier than she had expected.  Old meek Erika who would have backed down and meekly kept her emotions to herself was gone.  She was the new Erika who was loud and made the wind burst around her to show the world she was displeased.
Jack’s eyes widened as her gaze met his.  He put up both of his hands in a motion to calm her down.  She took a step away from him and found herself backed up against the wall surrounding the rooftop.  She felt claustrophobic with the walls enclosed around her even though they were outside.  Suddenly the wall began to crumble and chip away as the wind rushed past it.  Erika looked around horrified as Jack continued his calm down motion, but had also begun to shout at her in alarm.  Erika couldn’t hear him over the howl of the wind that mimicked and mocked her anguish.  She truly was controlling the wind.  As realization hit her the wind completely died down to the calming breeze it had been earlier.  Jack rushed to her side and roughly grabbed her wrist.
“We have to leave NOW!”  He barked.
Meek Erika was back and she obeyed Jack.  He rushed her down the stairs and close to the buildings until they were at Dawn Hall.  He rushed her up the stairs avoiding the elevator and then to her room.  He threw her uniform at her and she quickly changed.  Once she emerged from her bathroom he motioned for her to join him.  He stood on her balcony, facing the rooftop they had just stood on.  Erika looked over in astonishment and felt her stomach lurch.  She felt nausea wash over her.  The death squad littered the roof.  Guns with bright blue lights pointed everywhere.
“I’m being hunted.”  Erika sobbed out uncontrollably.  She rushed back into her room with Jack at her heels.
Jack wrapped his arms around her.  “I won’t let them find you.”
“My gloves!”  Erika screamed.  She had torn them off so she could feel Jack with her hands unhindered.  She wrenched herself out of his grasp and ran to her door, but Jack grabbed her hand and pulled her back to him.  He reached into his pocket and pulled out the gloves.  He tossed them on her desk.  She sighed with relief.
“Like I said, I work better when I am not entirely lusting after you.”  He leaned in and pecked her on the cheek.  She felt her skin burned where his lips had touched.  “However, once this assignment is done I would like to request we pick up where we left off on the roof.”
Erika nodded as his lips barely brushed against hers.  He stepped away from her and his boyish grin spread quickly across his face.  Erika couldn’t help, but grin with him even if she didn’t entirely share his enthusiasm.
“Tonight you stay in here.  I will bring you dinner and breakfast in the morning.  I don’t want you leaving this room until Monday morning.  This will give the excitement of you losing control a little time to die down.  I will keep an eye on Brian.  I won’t let anything happen to him so don’t worry okay?”
Erika felt her knees give out from under her and she flopped onto her bed.  She nodded weakly.
“Good.”  Jack left out of her bedroom door and left Erika alone.  She desperately needed someone to be by her side to reassure her, to distract her.  However, she was alone, and much like Brian’s soon would be, her world was crashing in on her.
Chapter 16

Erika sat forlornly on her bed.  She tried to avert her gaze from the balcony door and the terrifying world outside with clusters of death squad agents scurrying around the rooftop overlooking the quad like ants over a scrap of food.  The sun had long set, but their bright blue lights at the end of their deadly guns sent a chill through her.  Erika contemplated shutting her balcony door, but opted against it.  Regardless of the terrible army just outside and the cold air that entered uninvited she would not lock herself away out of fear.  She felt imprisoned in her room as it was and the open door helped a little.  The air chilled her uncomfortably, but she would rather be cold than locked away again.  Erika reached behind her and grabbed a loose blanket.  Her uniform had warmed her body, but her face and hands were growing numb.  She groaned out of boredom as she wrapped the blanket tighter around her.  Jack had made her promise not to use her tablet.  She understood his reasoning, but it left her infinitely bored.  There was nothing to do without her tablet in hand, locked away in her room.  Jack didn’t trust her to stop investigating her mother and with the death squad on campus it was far too risky.   At least he didn’t know what Greg was up to.  If Jack found out he wouldn’t let Erika leave her room ever again.  Or worse he would insist on sending her back to the agency for safe keeping.  She threw a pillow across the room in frustration.  She was yet again in another prison.  Granted this one allowed for sunlight and fresh circulating air, but it was still a prison.  Erika had lost control and now she had to face the consequences.  She shifted on her bed again and finally stood up to pace her room.  She couldn’t sit still for very long.  She had an overwhelming anxious feeling consuming her.  She heard a light knocking on her door and Jack let himself in carrying a tray.
“Just me.  I brought you some dinner,” he said with a weak smile.
Erika smiled back and took the tray from him and set it on the desk.  He had been extra nice to her since the incident on the roof.  She felt ashamed for her aggressive behavior, but at the same time wanted to pursue her impulsive craving to intertwine her body with his and passionately shove all of her cares aside.  Jack safely stood close to the door eyeing her wearily.  He had told her that he didn’t trust himself and his instincts when he was with her, but Erika feared it was truly that he didn’t trust her.  She had gone crazy on the rooftop and felt as if she were losing herself.  Erika wrapped her arms around herself and sat at her desk chair.  She looked up at Jack frightened.
“Thank you for dinner.  Are you going to stay a little bit tonight?”  She asked surprising herself.  She hadn’t meant to ask him, she just meant to hope desperately that he would.  She felt a familiar loneliness growing in her.
“I had definitely planned on staying for a bit.  Eat up we have something to do tonight.”  Jack smiled at her mischievously.
Erika felt hope beginning to return.  She was worried that he would impose this imprisonment on her for a long period of time because of the fear of the death squad, but Jack seemed in high spirits.  Erika surveyed her dinner.  Jack had brought her a large bowl of miso soup with chunks of tofu and long strands of dark green seaweed.  She breathed in the heavenly aroma.  Next to it was a plate with chunked pieces of mango and pineapple dripping with heavy syrup over a large piece of angel food cake.  Erika felt herself salivating at the cake.  Jack walked closer and slid the cake closer to her handing her a fork from his pocket.
“Start with the cake, but eat it quickly.  Apparently you have a test tomorrow and Brian is insistent that headache or not you be at tonight’s study session.  He will be here in twenty minutes.”  Jack told her with an almost whimsical smile.
Erika felt her anxiety quickly become replaced with growing hope.  She wanted to savor the cake, but ate the entire piece in three bites then moved on to the soup.  She drank the whole bowl in a few gulps.  She quickly flung herself from her chair and readied herself.  She brushed her frazzled hair and wiped away the tear stains from her face.  She primped and smiled to herself in the mirror while Jack sat on the bed and admired her.  He smiled charmingly at her.
“Why are you smiling like that?” She asked as she pulled her hair into a high ponytail.
“I like seeing you this happy.  You were never able to be a normal girl, doing normal girl things at the agency.  I wish this could just be our lives.  You and I, going to school full time to qualify to live in the city.  Having a long winded romance and eventually settling down.  No worries, no cares.  Our whole lives planned out for us on paper.  It’s nice.”  He gushed to her.
Erika nodded her head in agreement.  She smoothed out her uniform one last time and slipped on her shoes as someone began to knock enthusiastically on her door.  She bounded for it, but Jack was quicker.  He slowly opened the door and then threw it open to allow in the visitor.
“Hi Hi!” Brian beamed at Erika.
“Hi.  I’m almost ready.”  She said rushing back into her room after a quick hug.
Brian took a seat on the bed while Jack checked the hallway and returned to the desk.  He leaned against it and folded his arms across his chest.  He seemed grumpy now that Brian was with them.  Erika frowned at him, but he didn’t seem to notice.
“How was your date with Lauren?”  Erika asked as she put everything she needed into her bag.
“The best day of my life,” Brian swooned.
Erika felt a flurry of happiness as she surveyed his sunny face.  He was innocent and sweet.  Erika slyly reached under her bed and grabbed her hard cold gun.  She made sure the power source was fully charged and then slid it under her pant leg at her ankle without Brian seeing.  She hadn’t worn it consistently since the day she arrived, but after she was drugged in public she felt safer with it on her.  Even if its weight was too heavy to be comfortable and she hated the idea of using it.  She grabbed her bag and bounded for the door.  Jack got to the door first and stepped out in front of her.  He surveyed the hallway again and nodded for Erika to exit.  Brian looked at her strangely, but Erika shrugged her shoulders.  She couldn’t explain to Brian why Jack was being extra precautious without ruining her entire cover and revealing his fate.
“So, I guess I am behind more than I thought.  Whose class do we have a test in tomorrow?”  Erika asked.
Brian turned to her and gave her a strange glassy eyed look.  He shook his head trying to clear it, but frowned when he couldn’t.  “I don’t remember,” he finally blurted out.
The three of them had arrived at the elevator, but as it dinged to open Jack grabbed Erika and Brian by the wrist and pulled them down the hallway to a dark corridor.  The door dinged shut without them in it.  Jack surveyed the hallway and the roofline.  He seemed satisfied that they were alone and then turned his attention to Brian.  He shoved him roughly against a wall and put his hand around his throat.
“Jack!” Erika screamed out and tried to stop him, but he raised a finger up to her to silence her.
“What do you mean you don’t know which class you have a test in?”  Jack was out of his mind.  He wasn’t choking Brian, but the threat was there.
Brian’s eyes brimmed with tears, but they hadn’t spilled down his face yet.  He couldn’t find his voice.  He kept trying to shake his head to clear it of whatever poison lay in it, but with Jacks grip he couldn’t.  Erika stomped her foot down on Jack’s and he released his grip.  Brian crumpled to the ground in tears.  Erika knelt beside him and held him to her chest like she would a crying child.  She wrapped her arms around him protectively.
“It’s okay.  He just doesn’t understand what it’s like to have that poison in your head.  Is there anything you can remember?”  Erika asked gently.  She felt a sudden familiar void as she tried to enter Brian’s mind.  Her stomach wrenched and she hugged him tighter.
Brian shook his head and cried into her arms.  Erika looked up at Jack harshly.  His face was bright red with rage.  He looked down the hallway once more and then impatiently began to pace their tiny corridor.
“We have to get you back to your room Erika.  This was a bad idea.”  Jack decided angrily.
“Just give me a minute.”  She said as gently as she could.
Erika felt Brian pull himself away from her hug.  He looked up at her with his eyes puffy and gleaming with fresh tears.  He shook his head again and grabbed it roughly.
“I can’t remember which class,” he said shaking his head violently again.
“That’s okay.  We should get you somewhere safe though.  How about you stay in my room tonight?”  She offered.  Jack looked down at her, murderous rage in his eyes.  “And Jack will stay over too.  It’ll be a fun overnight party.”  She quickly added.
“No!”  Brian screamed.
Erika felt an uneasy anxious feeling begin to rise.  Her stomach had turned as icy as the weather.  She reached out for Brian, but he smacked her hand away.  He quickly stood up and began to shake his head around ferociously.  Erika reached out to stop him, but Jack grabbed her.
“I think he knows what he’s doing.”  Jack was finally calming down as he watched the seizure like actions of Brian.
Brian finally stopped and looked at them both.  He was breathing in ragged broken breaths and looked at them with madness tinged eyes.  Erika began to reach her arm down for her gun.  She surveyed his body to pinpoint where she could shoot him to stop him, but not hurt him too badly.  He took a wobbly step forward and Erika reacted on impulse.  She knelt down in a flash and grabbed her lightweight gun and pointed it at Brian warningly.  He stopped in bewilderment and looked to the ground.
“I can’t remember the class because there isn’t one.  Some girl stopped me at dinner and told me about it.  I remember telling her that she was wrong, the test isn’t for another couple of weeks, but she was insistent that you had to study with me at the penthouse.”  Brian managed through ragged breaths to speak.
Jack grabbed Erika roughly around the waist and began to carry her toward her room.  She flailed at him and smacked him in the face with her gun.  She managed to give him a welt under his eye that had begun to swell quickly.
“Grab her legs,” he barked at Brian.
Brian didn’t hesitate for a second.  In a flash he had Erika’s legs locked in his arms and Jack had her arms behind her back.  Erika flailed violently, but she feared she would hurt Brian.  Jack ran backwards down the long hallway toward Erika’s room when he stopped cold and dropped her.  She landed roughly on her behind and looked up at him angrily.
“The stairs!” He yelled.
The group turned for the stairs, but Brian stopped cold as the first shot was fired.  It hit the pillar in front of his head leaving a round smoldering mark against the pristine marble.  Brian couldn’t move.  His puffy face had grown pale.  Erika grabbed for him, but Jack got to her first.
“Stairs now!”  He called as he grabbed Brian around the waist and carried him over his shoulder.  Unlike Erika who had fought to be carried Brian was completely compliant.  Erika bounded up the stairs as Jack yelled after her.
“Where are you going?  We have to leave!”  Jack screamed as they ascended.
Erika ignored him.  She had to know what was in the penthouse.  Someone had used Brian to get to her and her cover was blown.  She would have to go back to the agency and there was nothing she could do about it.  David would never let her stay outside of the compound now.  Shots had been fired on Yarding.  The death squad would find their location soon enough.  The whole world would know before the dawn hit.  She had to know who would go to such great lengths to get to her.  She bounded up the stairs and stopped at the door.  Jack reached her quickly and dropped a catatonic Brian at his side.  She reached to open the door, but Jack grabbed it and whipped it shut.  He looked at her angrily, but his face softened as he saw her determination.
“I go out first drawing their fire.  You pick them off.  Focus on the northern rooftops.  I will get to the penthouse door and then you follow.  I’ll get whoever you miss.”  He ordered.
Jack reached down and grabbed Brian easily throwing him over his shoulder.  Erika changed the output on her gun so no matter where she hit the person would fry.   Jack grabbed his gun with his free hand and began wildly shooting toward the north.  He had been right; the shooters were on the building to the north.  Erika easily spotted their guns glowing brightly as they shot in the night and heard their cries of agony as her gun effortlessly dropped them cold.  Jack reached the open penthouse door and stopped.  His face had grown pale.
“No stay there!” He cried at her, but Erika didn’t listen.
Her stubbornness would one day get her killed, but for today it would get her answers.  She drew her gun and wildly shot at the rooftop as she raced for the study room door.  She felt consumed with worry for her friends and for herself.  She let that worry and fear become anger and she released that anger with each stomping step as she raced for the door.  She reached Jack, but no one else fired on her.
“I told you to wait!”  Jack bit at her angrily.
“I’m tired of waiting.  I’ve waited too long.”  Erika bit back.
She felt herself losing control.  The wind outside began to kick up as it had on the rooftop the day before, but she couldn’t stop it.  She grit her teeth and let her anger take over as she walked straight into the penthouse.
Chapter 17

Erika burst through the open front door of the penthouse suite startling Thomas and Harold.  They gave each other quizzical looks as they assessed her.  Jack ran in behind her carrying Brian on his shoulders.  They dropped their paint brushes to the ground leaving splashes of white on the light hardwood.  The long wall of handwritten calculations was nearly stark white.  Erika looked at them both in horror.
“What are you doing?”  She asked touching the wet paint with her hand in disbelief.
“All the calculations are safely tucked away.  We were too careless keeping this information out in the open, especially with the death squad lurking around.  I had two soldiers posted outside my door until about an hour ago.  Had one of them recognized anything on this wall I would be carried off to prison faster than I could call my aunt.”  Thomas blurted out.
Thomas picked up his paint brush off the floor and huffily started painting again.  Erika realized the open door was to allow fresh air in for the paint fumes.  She holstered her gun on her leg biting against the pain of the hot steel.  She just wanted it out of her hands and neatly where it belonged.  Jack set Brian down on a bean bag chair and began to survey the windows.
“I need to sweep the perimeter.  I don’t know how many others there are out there or who they belong to.” he said as the glass shattered behind him.
Erika grabbed her gun and pointed toward the window while Jack pointed his at the front door.  Thomas dropped his paint brush again and his mouth fell open in horror.
“What do we do?” Erika felt herself panicking.  She had expected to rush into the penthouse, get her answers and then leave satisfied.  She hadn’t thought any of it through.  She hadn’t even considered that getting her to the penthouse was a way to trap her and kill her.   She had made a critical error and it would cost her.
“Get into a space without windows while I hold off their fire.” Jack declared.
“There’s no way that is happening.  Realistic plan Jack.”  Erika barked.
Another shot flashed through the penthouse leaving a smoldering charred mark on the wall behind Erika’s head.  She felt herself become light headed as the smoke from the wall clouded her face.  Jack was standing at the door shooting into the hallway.  The intruders had begun to close in on them.  Erika turned to rush at the window, but in one quick movement Brian was off of the bean bag chair and had hurled himself at Erika knocking her to the ground.  A shot hit the wall where Erika had been standing.  She looked up frightened and then turned her attention to Brian.  He was having trouble keeping himself together.  The effect of whatever poison had clouded his brain was wearing off and he seemed to be in turmoil because of it.
“Erika you have to be more careful.” Brian screamed hysterically.  Burning tears stinged down his face as he looked helplessly at her.
Erika had seen his face flush before, but never like this.  His face had puffed out and had grown bright rouge.  His body was radiating intense heat.  She tried to push him off of her and back away, but he held her to the ground shielding her body with his.  His teeth were clenched so tightly that she feared he would break them.
“No Brian let me go.  You don’t understand!” Erika yelled, but Brian’s grip became tighter.
“No Erika you don’t understand.  You don’t understand anything.  You throw your life at danger like it won’t touch you and it will.  It has and she will keep coming for you until you see that.”  Brian cried.
Brian’s face began to sweat profusely.  It dripped on to Erika boiling against the delicate skin of her face.  She tried to push him away, but Brian was stronger than he looked.  He seemed pained, as if every ounce of strength within him was being pushed to this one task.  He seemed to want to let her go, but some unseen force controlled him to hold on to her tightly.  Thomas looked around the room.  Shots were still pouring in, but only to where Erika had been standing.  He launched himself across the room to the floor where Brian and Erika were huddled against the ground.  He reached a reassuring hand to Brian who tightened his bear hug on Erika.  She whimpered under his strength.  She couldn’t pull hair into her lungs.  Her chest ached, searing and screaming for her to breathe.  Thomas calmly pointed up to where the shots had been fired and then pointed toward the hall.  Brian nodded and released Erika.  He smiled an oddly crooked smile as he sat back.  Erika gasped in air hoarsely.  She clutched her hands to her chest hoping the pain would subside.  Thomas grabbed her wrist roughly and began to drag her down the hallway.  Harold was at Brian’s side helping him.  They entered the first room off the hallway.
Erika gasped as she looked around.  They had begun to paint the living room of the penthouse, but hadn’t quite gotten to Thomas’s room.  Numbers, words, drawings littered the white walls.  Erika looked at Thomas in alarm, but he didn’t seem to notice.  Harold had positioned himself at the window while Thomas sat on guard at the door.  Brian sat on the floor shaking uncontrollably.  Erika reached her arm out to him, he was ice cold.  She grabbed a blanket off of Thomas’s bed and wrapped it around him.
“What’s going on?” Harold asked, joining Erika and Brian on the floor.
“Erika is part of an agency that helps psychics avoid the energy chambers.  An interested party has discovered her existence here and has decided that she is a threat.  I have a feeling this is all connected to the rooftop incident.”  Thomas offered looking warily over to Erika.
Erika’s mouth fell open.  She hadn’t anticipated sharing any of this with them, but somehow Thomas knew a lot more than he had confessed earlier.  Harold seemed unphased by any of it.  Erika wondered what else the duo was hiding from her, what else they knew.  She felt her stomach tighten as she thought about Gilt and the knowledge they must know about it.  She hadn’t even considered going to them for answers.  She wondered if they knew about Brian and the prediction from the PC’ers.
“How else would a kid from such a poor village like Brian ever get to Yarding?”  Erika questioned.
Erika felt the shock of Thomas’s revelation wear off and she slowly turned to Brian.  He sat on the floor with his mouth open wide.  He looked pale and lost underneath the oversized blanket.
“Brian…” Erika began.
“Is it true?” He asked shaking.
Erika nodded.  She fumbled with her hands in her lap and looked guiltily toward the floor.  She couldn’t bear to look him in the eyes.  Thomas crossed the room and wrapped his arm around her pulling her in for a hug.  She felt tears well up and begin to trickle down her face.  It was too much for her.  She reached out for Brian, but he pulled his hand away from her.  She stifled a sob, but it was too late, the sound escaped her mouth and the tears began to flow.  Thomas tightened his hug and she leaned in to him.  Even Harold looked down to her showing empathy.  She breathed in deeply and then deeply again.  She felt her head buzzing, threatening to lose consciousness.  She wondered how much to tell Brian.  If she confessed everything she could lose him forever, but if she told him nothing she was still lying to him.
“It’s true.”  She said reluctantly.  “I work for an agency that sent me here to protect you.”
“I’m not psychic, why would I need to be protected?”  Brian argued.
“You are very special Brian.  The most special person in the world right now.  You are the only one that can save us.”  Erika began to plead.
Erika looked from Brian to Thomas who had released her from the hug and went back to his post at the door.  She saw the faint glint of a smile escape his lips.  He had known all along.
“You lied to me.” Brian whispered.
Erika rushed to him and wrapped him in her arms.  She began to cry, her tears spilling on to Brian’s shoulder.
“I never lied.  Never, never to you.  I ingratiated myself in to your life to keep you safe, but everything else has been real.  When I stepped off the train to come to school in Yarding it was the first time I had seen the world outside of our compound since I was five.  You are my first assignment, but you are also my first friend.”  Erika began to sob.
She couldn’t see straight any more.  She couldn’t do her job, she was becoming a liability and after tonight she would never see the sun again.  She felt her world begin to spin away from her.  She was conflicted on whether to become sad or angry.  She looked at Brian expecting him to throw her to the ground, to toss her away.  He had been her job and she had confessed. He had every right to hate her.  Instead he wrapped his arms around her.  His warm, steady arms wrapped tightly around her and he pulled her in to him.
“You’re my first friend too.” He whispered in her ear.
“I will make sure you’re protected, always.”  Erika said pulling away from the hug.
Erika wiped her eyes and stood.  She surveyed the window and then down the hall, the gun held tightly in her hand.  Everything was silent.  The shots had stopped, but there was no sign of Jack.
“I can’t believe this is happening.”  Erika called out exasperated.
“I should have seen this coming.  Don’t worry okay.  Harold and I will make this disappear.”  Thomas said with a crooked grin.
Erika knew that Thomas secretly ran this school, but she wasn’t so sure he could make an entire assassination attempt disappear.  She smiled at him though as if she believed him.
“You won’t have to.”  Jack answered from the window startling them all.  “Everything is gone, the gunmen, the shot markings, everything.  Even the window is repaired.”
Erika looked at him in confusion.  If he was trying to be funny it wasn’t a very good joke.  Brian remained on the floor and began to shake again.  His eyes grew wide and his face pale.  Erika shot out of the room and into the living room.  The walls were all painted white, the job completed.  The window was repaired and everything was in its place.
“Whoa.”  Thomas managed to utter as he entered the room behind Erika.
“How is this possible?”  Harold asked Jack.  Jack managed to shrug.  He had no answers.  It was just as he said; it was as if the shooting never happened.  Brian entered the room, holding the blanket around his shoulders.
“She made this happen.  She can make anything happen.”  Brian answered with a shaky, frightened voice.
“Who?  Who made this happen?”  Erika asked nearing hysterics.
“Brown hair, Deep brown, glistening under the sun, tied in loose pig tails behind her head.  Her eyes were like emeralds sparkling like jewels, her lips were pink like the fallen petals of a cherry tree.  She smelled sweet …”
“Like honeysuckle.”  Jack finished growing pale.
Brian nodded and walked over to Erika.  He wrapped the blanket around her shoulders and pulled her close for a hug.
“I’m so sorry.”  He said.
Erika looked worriedly over to Jack who had begun to pace the room.  He was pale and sweating.  He had his thumb jammed in his mouth biting at the nail.  She had never seen him like this.  She began to become afraid herself.
“Is someone going to fill me in?  I have no idea who you are talking about, but everyone else seems to know.”  Thomas asked.
Jack stopped in his tracks grabbing his head with his hands in frustration, running his fingers roughly through his soft golden locks.  Brian shook his head unwilling or unable to speak.  A voice no one expected to speak up startled everyone in the room.
“Amelia.”  Harold answered brushing his fingers against the wall.  “The white whale.”
Thomas jumped up and bounced around the room like an excited child.
“She was here!?! I can’t believe it, Amelia was in my penthouse!  We are alive to tell the tale too!”  Thomas ran to the window and touched the glass with fascination.
Everyone looked at the roommates in awe.  They didn’t seem to notice.  They were fascinated with everything that was psychically repaired.  Jack shook his head and began to pace again.
“Jack?”  Erika asked hoping that Harold was wrong.
Jack stopped long enough to look at her and nod his head and he began to pace again.  Erika felt like crying all over again, but she knew she had to keep it together.  She pulled herself away from Brian and looked around the room.  Nothing was out of place.  She felt herself becoming dizzy as she twirled around the room looking for something.  She wasn’t sure what, but something was out of place and then it hit her.  The cooler where Thomas kept his drinks was moved.  Only slightly, but it was askew.  She walked over to it and opened the top.  The ice was pristine, the sodas were chilled and so was the white envelope that sat on top with her name on it.  She picked it up while Jack was pacing, Brian was collecting himself in his bean bag and the duo were inspecting the white wall once more.  No one noticed her.  She felt the blood rush in her head, buzzing and swelling around her.  She slowly opened the sealed envelope and pulled out a small, handwritten note.
Dear Erika,
I’m so sorry that by finding you I have lured some unsavory characters to your location.  Don’t fret, they are taken care of.  I won’t let anything happen to you.  I want you to grow and experience as much as possible during your time at Yarding.  You have a long journey ahead of you, but don’t worry.  We will be together soon.
Love Always,
Your Mother

Erika dropped the note.  Her mother.  She had thought the letter would be from Amelia when she first picked it up, but it was her mother.  She recognized the writing.  She had seen the writing with her own eyes when she was younger.  Forgotten memories flooded her, but as soon as she could glimpse them they faded away to nothing again.  Erika grabbed a soda and popped open the top.  She chugged down the burning sugary liquid and collapsed into her bean bag chair.  She looked at the others, they still hadn’t noticed.  Then she realized they hadn’t noticed because they were frozen in their movements.  Jack was tracing the same path with his feet, Thomas and Harold touched the walls in the same places over and over again.  Brian rocked back and forth to the same rhythm.  Erika tried to stand, to rush to them, but she couldn’t move on her own.  She was paralyzed.  She tried to look up, but her head had sunk against her chest.
“I’m so sorry about this.”  A sweet lilting voice spoke in her ear.  “It won’t hurt for long, I promise.”
Erika felt every muscle in her body burn as someone behind her softly grabbed her hand.  Erika felt something cold slide down her finger.  She realized it was a ring.  She wanted to pull it off, to scream or shout or do something, but no one moved, no one could save her.  The soft voice hummed eerily behind her head as if everything was okay.  Erika felt herself panic as tiredness overtook her.  She couldn’t keep herself awake.
“Don’t fight it, please.  I have had to use a lot of power tonight to fix everything.  Just let it happen.  It will be easier on both of us.”  The voice asked nicely, politely, behind her.
Erika tried to struggle.  “Like hell am I going to let this happen peacefully” She thought fiercely to herself.  She felt movement behind her and a soft brush began running itself through her hair as the voice began to sing her to sleep, the lullaby her mother used to sing to her.  Erika had forgotten like she had forgotten everything else.  It burned through her heart and ate away at her.  She began to fight less as the soft voice sang sweetly.  Amelia hushed her down and wiped away her tears.  She brought out a blanket and tucked her in tight.  Erika felt tears begin to fall down her face as she stopped fighting and lost consciousness.
Chapter 18

Erika woke up with a start.  She sat up in bed, covered in sweat.  The wind billowed violently into her room tossing her curtains about recklessly.  She looked outside, the skies were ominously grey.  Her hair flung behind her as the wind tore through.  She reached up and pulled the glass down to stop the wind inside, but everything outside still flew around chaotically.  She felt frightened suddenly and burst out of her room, running pitter patter down the hallway.  She stopped as she heard the stern familiar voice at the door and listened carefully.
“If you don’t send her with us now we won’t be able to protect her from the squads.  She is already older than most of our recruits.  We are cutting you a deal because of your close working relationship with us.  If I leave today without the child there will be no protection for her.”  A steely man’s voice spoke.
Erika shrunk back in the hallway.  She didn’t want anyone to know she was there, eavesdropping.  She knew she should just go back to bed.  Everything in her screamed for her to run away, but she remained against all better judgment and listened.
“No death squad will get her while I am by her side.”  A woman spoke bitterly.
“Just like you protected her in Gilt?  How many times are you going to move around Serilee?  How much more must you take?  You have a job to do just like the rest of us.  Barbara would have wanted this.”  The man shot at her.  Anger biting in his tone.
“How dare you bring Barbara into this.  I have done my part to avenge her.”  Serilee seemed on the edge of collapsing.  The wind outside swirled around the house creating cyclones that danced and twirled to the rough music of the winds.
“Think about Erika.  How much does she have to go through?  This is for the best and you know it.  I will keep the death squads off of your scent, but I cannot keep them off of hers unless she goes into hiding.  She is too volatile.”  The man argued.
Silence filled the room.  Erika could hear her mother sobbing.  She had never heard her mother cry before.  She felt awful.  She knew it was because of her, she was always a disappointment to her mother.  She could never do anything right and she was always making her angry.  Erika walked out quietly and reached up to the familiar hand.  Her tiny hand gently touched her mothers.  The warmth between them filled her and made her smile.  Erika always felt better when she could just hold her mother’s hand.  Serilee looked down at her daughter and smiled kindly at her.  No tears left her eyes, she looked pristine.  Her beautiful blond hair pulled back into a tight bun, her simple dress neatly ironed, her shoes perfectly polished.  She was always the image of perfection in Erika’s eyes.
“Hello Erika.  Do you remember me?  I am your uncle James.”  The man asked leaning down to look her at her level.
Erika squeezed her mother’s hand.  The cold metal of the ring breaking up the warmth felt between them.  Erika felt hesitant to acknowledge this stranger.  She felt like she knew him, but his face wasn’t familiar.  However, she nodded and it seemed to please James.  He looked up expectantly at Serilee.
“This either happens today or it can’t happen at all.  She will live a very good life at the compound.  What kind of life will she live outside of it?”  James asked warningly.
Serilee looked down on him, her brilliant green eyes flashing with rage.  She sucked in her breath and sighed.  In the smallest motion she nodded her head and released Erika’s hand.
“Mommy?”  Erika asked confused.
Serilee turned on her heel and walked down the hallway without another word.  Erika felt tears well up in her eyes, but before they spilled down her face James reached out and held her hand in his.
“You remind me a lot of your mother.  We grew up together.  Did you know that?”  James asked in the friendliest tone he could muster.
Erika shook her head.  She stood still in the doorway.  She wanted to run away, but she knew it would be a bad idea.  She had made a huge mistake and her mother couldn’t forgive her.  Erika wanted to cry, but her tears wouldn’t come.  She looked up sadly to James who just smiled at her.
“Come, we must hurry if we are going to be out of here before it begins.”  James ordered.
Erika followed him out of the door and up the road.  The wind had stopped completely, but the clouds remained.  It had always been cloudy since they had moved away from Gilt.  Bad weather seemed to follow them everywhere.  James led Erika down the long abandoned street.  There were a few unoccupied houses littered about, but they were run down and crumbling.  The high winds that seemed to follow them everywhere didn’t seem to help much.  Erika held onto James hand tightly.  He smiled down at her.
“Don’t be frightened.  You will be fine.  I will protect you.  As long as I am alive, no one is going to harm you.”  James smiled as he spoke, but Erika could swear she saw a hardness behind the upward curl of his grin.
Erika didn’t feel any more reassured, but she smiled up at James to show him she was alright.  Her chest felt heavy with each pounding step against the pavement.  She looked up at James as he distractedly held her hand.  He was sweating on his brow.  His brown suit, blue shirt and shined black shoes were all neat and pristine like her mother.  He reminded her of her mother.  Always stern, but with a kind smile to spare and a secret that she could never reach.  Erika tried to reach into his head, but all she encountered was white noise.  He definitely had experience with psychics.  They reached the end of the street and turned the corner for the hill that overlooked the town.  As they reached the precipice of the small hill Erika stopped dead in her tracks.  Thousands of white clothed soldiers stood in line with their guns drawn.  James drew her forward and they stopped in front of a man wearing a black suit and a bright crimson tie.
“Is this her?”  The man asked looking down.
Erika shied away and hid behind James.  She had never been more afraid of anything in her life.  Not when she started the fire, not when her other uncle came to visit her and tried to take her away, not even when the townspeople in the last village they tried to live in wanted to drown her for her powers.  Erika felt like she wanted to cry again.  James held on to her hand and squeezed it tightly.
“This is her.  Our deal is struck.  Serilee is in the house where the cyclones are, though I suspect she knows what’s coming and has fled.”  James wiped away the sweat that had collected on his aging forehead with a small white cloth.
“Good, I like a chase.”  The man in the crimson tie smiled wickedly.
“Only a thousand soldiers?  Did you at least bring the ranger with you?”  James asked looking over the crowd around him.  The man guffawed.
“The ranger won’t be a part of this.  He is too deep in this saga.  This all ends today.  Don’t worry, a thousand will be plenty.”
Erika looked around at all the soldiers and realization struck her.  They were all there to capture her mother.  She was being saved.  Her mother wasn’t still mad at her, she was saving her.
“Mommy!”  Erika screamed and tried to run.
James grabbed her and motioned for the man in the black suit to proceed.  James tried to drag Erika away, but she kicked him in the shin and ran.  She had never run so fast in her life.  She reached the top of the hill and looked down at the fire that swelled.  Her house was consumed with flames.  The cyclones outside the house swirled with fire and spread it everywhere.  At the end of the street, outside the house stood her mother.  She stood with her hair wildly around her.  Erika had never seen her mother so unkempt.  She tried to run to her, but James was on her and flung her to the ground.
“There is no other way child.  You have to come with me.”
“Let me go!”  Erika screamed.  “Mommy!”
Erika’s screams went unanswered.  The soldiers descended on the town and quickly swarmed in on it.  Erika looked up at the skies and rain began to pour down smothering the fire surrounding her mother.  Erika tried to look away, but something compelled her to look.  She fought with every ounce in her being to look away, but she watched as the soldiers surrounded her mother.  Serilee put her arms up, reaching for the sky and with one motion, a small flick of her wrist, hundreds of soldiers lay lifeless on the ground.  The flaming cyclones spit up again and began to ravage the lifeless bodies.  Erika kicked James again and fled down the street.  She didn’t want to run away with James, she had to help her mother.
“Mommy!”  Erika screamed again.
“You little brat.”  A voice growled behind her.  Erika turned expecting to see James, but the man in the black suit descended on her.  She tried to scream, but she was frozen.
“We had a deal!”  James screamed breathlessly catching up to them.  He threw himself in front of Erika, guarding him with her body.  The man in the black suit laughed.
“I should have killed that little terror when I had the chance.  I got greedy and wanted Serilee more.  How much energy do you think this young one will grant us?”  The man laughed again.
Erika squeezed her eyes shut.  She didn’t hear anything with the wind swirling around her and the rain pouring down.  James reached his hand down and calmly grabbed hers.  She slowly opened her eyes and saw the man in the suit lying in a pool of blood.
“He won’t hurt you anymore, but there is nothing I can do to save your mother.  You are far more valuable than she ever could be.  Please, come with me.  I will protect you.”
Erika hesitated, but nodded her head.  Even if she could figure out how to control her powers she wasn’t sure she would be able to save her mother.  There were still so many soldiers surrounding them.  She felt guilt rise up in her, but James pulled her away.  They reached the top of the hill again and Erika stopped.  She turned to look down on their home.  It was gone.  Hundreds of dead bodies lay across the dilapidated town that was quickly being consumed with flames.  The rain fell, but it wasn’t enough to quench the burning fire.  Erika looked back to see her mother, glowing brightly.  She had never seen her mother exude the light of her power before.  The green light became a beacon in the center of town.  Her mother looked up at her and smiled weakly.  She fell forward as the bright blue light of the last remaining death squad soldier shot out.  She was hit in the back.  Erika tried to scream, but James pulled her forward.
“You don’t want to see that.”  James pleaded.
Erika relented and followed him down the hill.  They walked past where the soldiers had stood and went on.  Erika looked back one last time and a familiar sense run through her.  She had seen flames like that before.  She tried to pick at her memory, but it only caused her head to ache.  James pulled her forward and Erika remained steadfastly fixated on the fire that consumed her old life.  She whimpered as he urged her forward and followed him.
“Don’t worry.  You will love your new home.”  James stated with a kind smile.
Erika stood in awe as she watched herself as a child walk away with James.  She wanted to reach out and stop it, but somehow she knew she couldn’t.  She walked through the devastated town, up the familiar hill and down to her old house.  She walked over a few dead soldiers and stopped where her mother had been.  She kneeled down and gasped.  There was no body.  She stood up and began to run.  She followed a trail of blood to a rundown house at the other end of the block.  She ran in and saw her mother slumped against a stair case.  The death squad soldier, the only one remaining stood there.  He pulled off his helmet and Erika stopped dead in her tracks.  It was her uncle, the one that had visited them before.  The one that plead with her mother and father to be rid of her.  Erika watched as he pointed his gun to her mother.
“Just kill me now.  Be done with it, you will never be able to get to Erika again.”  Serilee laughed out.
Bloodied tears flowed down her face.  Serilee slumped further against the stair case.  The man threw down his helmet and stepped closer to Serilee.
“It could have all been so simple.  This is the path that you chose.”  He told her sadly.
“You knew I wouldn’t make this easy on you.  Come on Mason, you know me better than that.”  Serilee coughed and blood poured out of her mouth.
Mason laughed like they were old friends.  He ran his fingers through his hair and watched Serilee collapse to the floor.  He pulled a flask out of his uniform and took a swig.  He handed it to Serilee who threw it back as well.  She laughed and Mason followed.  They sat there on the floor sharing a joke between each other until Serilee’s laughter turned into tears.
“Why did it have to come to this?”  She asked looked up hopefully at her unlikely friend.
“I don’t know.  I suspect in the years I will replay everything that has transpired over the last decade and come to a conclusion, but at the moment I don’t have an answer for you.  I’m sorry you will be going to your grave without that closure.”
Serilee chuckled again.  She twirled her ring around her finger and smiled brightly down at it.
“I meant to give this to her before she left, but I was so distraught.  I hope she grows up well.”
“Me too.”  Mason added looking over at Serilee, regret in his eyes.
Erika felt her stomach clench as she watched him reach for his gun.  He took in a deep breath.
“I’m sorry it had to end like this.  I wish we had more time together.” He said as his finger floated over the trigger.  Sadness ebbed away at his cold face.
Serilee looked up at him.  His kind eyes glinted with tears as he held the gun to her chest and pulled the trigger.  Erika screamed as loud as she could, but no one heard her.  Serilee’s body fell backward to the ground.  Mason stood up and wiped away his tears.  He looked in the direction the other Erika had gone and made a deep low growling sound.  Erika walked out after him and felt afraid.  The growl began to grow in intensity until it became a ragged scream.  He stood there and screamed until the sky tore open and the clouds ripped apart at the seams revealing the bright blue sky behind them.  He smiled as the sunshine streamed down on him, bathing him in light.  He threw down his gun and tore off his death squad suit.  He walked in the opposite direction of the other Erika and disappeared among the ruins.  Erika walked back in to the house to see her mother’s lifeless body.  She wanted to cry, but she couldn’t.  She knelt beside her.
“Why?” Was all she could ask.  No answer came.  Erika looked up and down her mother’s battered and bloodied body.  She finally settled on her ring.  The roaring lions head with rubies in its eyes.  It was simple and beautiful.  Erika reached out for it.  Serilee had meant to give it to her after all.  She held her mother’s hand in hers and as the cold metal of the ring touched her skin she woke up with a start, covered in sweat, in her dorm room in Yarding.
Chapter 19

Erika rolled over in her bed.  Her nightclothes clung uncomfortably to her sweat drenched body.  She combed her fingers through her hair and buried her face into her pillow.  Tears began to quickly spill down her face.  She couldn’t stop the tears no matter how hard she tried.  All of the pain and anger her mother had felt seemed to transfer to her.  She gave up her child to someone who betrayed her and died at the hands of someone who was once her ally.  Though, as Erika thought about it, he did her a favor by shooting her the way that he did.  Had he taken her prisoner she would have ended up in the energy chambers.
Erika sat up in bed and began to piece together her dream.  Her tears began to dry up and crust upon her swollen cheeks as she analyzed every picture that flashed in her mind.  She closed her eyes and walked the dream over and over in her mind, forcing herself to remember everything.  Every harsh word and betrayal was being etched into her mind.  A past she had forgotten came flooding back to her in pieces.  She pushed herself as hard as she could until her head throbbed in pain.  When she found her limit, when the pain became excruciating and she was sure if she pushed harder she might die, she pushed.  However, nothing was left.  She could still only see small pieces.  She knew that certain things had happened, but not why.  That became even more excruciating than not knowing.   She couldn’t place why her mother was so angry with her, why the death squad was hunting them and why her mother would be betrayed by everyone.  She could speculate, but that wasn’t helpful enough.  They had lived alone, away from everyone else instead of in a village drawing more attention to them.  Erika felt herself become desperate.  She craved answers that Yarding couldn’t provide.  She wished more than anything she could have gone with Greg to discover her past.  She twirled her mother’s beloved ring around her finger.  The metal was shockingly cold against her warm skin.  The more she touched the ring the more anxious she grew.  Her mother was dead and Amelia had wanted her to see that.
Erika rolled over onto her back and stared at the shadows of the tree outside of her window dancing across the ceiling.  Most of the leaves had grown golden and red and had fallen to the ground leaving long barren limbs that swayed violently in the wind.  Erika sucked in her breath and hoped she wasn’t inadvertently responsible for the bad weather again.  She pulled up her covers over her head and ignored her body screaming for cool air.  She didn’t want the breeze to flow through her room, she didn’t want to feel free and open to the world again.  She wanted to self impose herself into her own prison and wallow in her emptiness.  Something inside of her had told her that her mother was still alive and she could find her someday, but her dream told her that was impossible.  She began to cry again.  She wanted so desperately for Greg to return and tell her she was wrong.   That her mother was well and alive and she could go to her whenever she wanted and she could escape the agency and the imposing grey walls that closed in on her.  She could live in a farmhouse with long rows of corn like she did when she was a child. Just like in her dream, with Brian and Lauren living nearby and everyone she loved close to her.
Erika tried her best to stop her sobbing, but to no avail.  She grabbed her head with her hands to steady herself, but as soon as the cold metal ring touched her face she lost it.  She felt alone in the world and was without solace.  She sobbed aloud and didn’t care if Greg or Jack heard with their hidden devices.  She was beyond caring what anyone thought of her.  She began to wallow deeper into her depression when she heard soft knocking at her door.  Erika sat up abruptly in bed and wiped her face with her bare hands.  She quickly combed her hair and hoped she didn’t look too miserable.  She opened the door slowly and peeked out at Brian smiling weakly at her.
“Hiya, can I come in?”  He asked unsure.
Erika nodded and gestured for him to enter.  His smile fell off of his face as he walked into her room and collapsed onto her bed.  Erika took a seat at her desk and watched him carefully.  He seemed more serious than she had ever seen him.
“I don’t know how I got to bed last night?  I don’t even remember what happened yesterday.  Everything is a blur.”  Brian confessed.  He began to shake his head around as if to clear it.
“That probably a good thing,” Erika said bringing her knees to her chest and wrapping her arms around them.  She began to rock slightly in her desk chair.
“Was everything yesterday a dream?”  Brian asked fidgeting with his hands.
“No.  Nothing about yesterday was a dream.”  Erika informed him coldly.  She buried her head into her knees.
Brian sucked in air quickly and let it out slowly.  He sat up and looked at her sternly.  “Does that mean you really are a special agent tasked with watching over me?”
Erika nodded her head, but wouldn’t look up at him.  She kept her eyes closed and her head buried.  She would stay there forever if she had to.  She couldn’t handle it if he were to take back what he had said the night before, forgiving her for her deceit.  She thought she might cry, but Brian reached out and grabbed her hand in his.  She lifted her head slowly.  His face had grown stern.
“You may want to get someone else to watch out for me because you have enough problems of your own to worry about.  I won’t be a burden on you.”  He said with determination.
Erika looked up at him puzzled.  She opened her mouth to thank him, but the words became stuck in her throat.  She tried again, but her someone was knocking boisterously at her door.  She looked at Brian, but he had already bolted up from her bed and was at the door looking through her peephole.
“It’s just the guys.” Brian announced and threw open the door for them.
“Hey there’s my sleeping beauty!” Thomas declared as he entered Erika’s room.  He held a small device in his hand with a blazing blue light.  Erika shielded her eyes from the device.
“Thomas and I would like to kindly request that you allow us to take readings in your room for comparison.”  Harold announced.  He had his own device in his hand.
Erika gestured around her room and took a seat on her bed.  Brian sat next to her and they watched the roommates in fascinated curiosity.  He had dropped his stern exterior and had returned to the happy Brian that Erika knew and loved.  They watched with tilted heads and confused glances as Harold maintained his stoic demeanor while taking readings, while Thomas danced around excitedly.  Harold began to scan the exterior walls while Thomas focused on the physical areas inside, Erika’s desk, her chair, her bathroom and finally her bed.  He waved the small device around looking at a string of numbers that Erika didn’t understand and he finally settled on her.  He brought the device to the top of her head and swept it down her body.  He paused momentarily on her ring hand watching the blue light change to green and then blue again.  His mouth dropped open in excitement.  He took a seat at Erika’s desk satisfied with his results and watched her while Harold leaned against the desk next to him.
“Thank you, thank you, thank you.”  Thomas finally announced.
“You’re welcome.”  Erika answered reluctantly.  Thomas leaned forward and looked at Erika intently.
“Do you have any idea how incredible an experience this is?”
“Incredible?” She asked tilting her head in confusion.  It wasn’t how she would describe anything that had happened to them.
“We’re alive.  We walked away from an encounter with Amelia and can tell the tale.  She has been known to drop entire villages with the blink of an eye.  She burns them to the ground and watches everyone with amusement as they suffer, yet we walked away.”
Erika felt a wave of nausea.  Thomas’s description of Amelia was eerily similar to her memory of Gilt and what she had done.  She had laughed and danced in the rain while the fires ravaged everyone around her.  Amelia made it her life’s work to do the same.  Thomas began to fidget with his gadget and then clapped his hands together.  Everyone looked at him expectantly.
“Amelia is the most powerful psychic ever known.  Until today.”  Thomas explained shakily.  He was bursting with excitement.
Harold dropped his jaw open and looked excitedly to Erika.  She felt like flinging herself out of her balcony door and into the open world.  She decided to pardon herself from her self imposed prison sentence so that she could run away.  Everyone was staring at her.  Thomas rose from the chair and stood over Erika.  He reached down and clasped her hands in his.
“You my dear are so incredibly special.  Since the incident on the rooftop I have been reading an extraordinarily powerful energy signature.  I thought it was Amelia, but after scanning our apartment and the surrounding area we weren’t so sure.”
“So we decided to come down and see if by chance it was you we were reading.”  Harold added with an uncharacteristically giddy grin.
“And we were right.  It’s you.  I have never seen numbers like these.”  Thomas said in awe.
Thomas released Erika’s hands and took his seat at the desk chair again.  Erika felt her face become flushed.  She couldn’t believe what she was hearing.  She always thought she was weak, that her only skill was finding people.  To hear that she was more powerful that Amelia herself was ludicrous.  She looked over to Brian, but he was more absorbed with the roommates than their revelation about her.  Brian stood up and walked over to Thomas and Harold.  They began to converse among themselves and point at the different colored lights that flashed from the devices.  Blue, green to purple and then repeating again.  Erika opened her mouth to protest as her balcony door flung open and Jack entered the room.  He looked around the room and paused at the roommates.  He threw up his hands and began to pace.
“You two are going to get us all killed with your Amelia obsession.”  He yelled without even hearing why they were there.
Thomas rose from his seat and winked at Erika.  “We don’t need Amelia anymore, we have Erika now.  We have a lot of work to get done, Brian would you like to join us?”
Brian waved a quick good bye and then rushed after the roommates.  Harold muttered a form of good bye and Thomas was in his own world.  Her door shut leaving her alone with Jack.  He began to pace neurotically.  Erika felt anxious the more time that lapsed in silence.  She had never seen him this frazzled before.  He finally stopped in front of her and looked down on her angrier than she had ever seen him.
“You will pack your things and head back to the compound,” he demanded.
Jack turned from her and began to grab Erika’s belongings.  He packed them into any bag he could find.  Erika rose from her bed and ripped her tablet from his hands.  She grabbed the bag he was shoving all of her things into and dumped it on the floor.  He looked at her angrily until he saw the look of determination on her face.  He took a step away from her and threw his hands up into the air in frustration.
“I won’t go back.  Not ever!”  She yelled.
“I cannot protect you from this.  Amelia is more dangerous than anything I have gone up against and I have taken down entire hit squads.  This is too much.  You are going to the only place I can keep you safe.”
Erika stamped down her foot in defiance.  “I will not go back and you can’t make me.  Thomas says that I have more power than Amelia.  I can protect myself.  Who asked you to make these decisions for me anyway?”  Erika asked incredulously.
Jack began to laugh making Erika grow uncomfortable.  “You may have more power, but you have no idea how to use it.  Amelia has trained her entire life.  Every time you use your power everyone around you ends up dead.”  Jack spat at her coldly.
Erika felt herself become enraged.  She had never been so mad at anyone in her life.  She slapped Jack across the face as hard as she could.  He barely moved under the force of her hand.  He just looked up at her and grinned.
“That won’t stop someone like Amelia from coming here and taking you with her.  She works for incredibly dangerous people and they would love to get their hands on someone inexperienced like you.  By the time they are done you will be a heartless killer like them.”
“Get out of my room!”  Erika shouted through grit teeth.
Jack nodded coldly to Erika and obeyed.  He walked to her balcony and scowled as jumped down the tree and to the courtyard below.  Erika watched him run across the quad and disappear into the library.  She felt chills as he ran further away from her.  He was acting irrational, out of control.  Jack had never been out of control like this before.  He had never scared her like this before.  Erika shut her balcony door and lay down on her bed.  She began to watch the ceiling again and twirl the ring around her finger.  Erika ticked off one more thing to worry on her quickly growing list as she began to dwell on Jack and his odd behavior.  She wouldn’t let him take her back.  Even if it meant never seeing him again, she wouldn’t go back.
Chapter 20

Erika sat in the familiar bean bag chair and closed her eyes.  She ignored Thomas and Harold talking in whispers to Brian and Emi.  She ignored Monti’s light snores from his own bean bag across the room.  She shut out the trio looking at their shining holograms as they quietly discussed their own work.  Erika sat and shut everything out.  She breathed in and out lulling herself into a relaxed state and started to piece together the night before.  She sat in her chair while Amelia brushed her hair and softly sang to her.  She comforted her while she was in excruciating pain.  Erika flinched as she remembered the heat that coursed through her body while the memories of the ring flashed into her mind.  Amelia was looking out for her, she was trying to lessen her burden, yet everyone kept telling her how deadly she was.
“If Farhampton has been hit how soon until they close the school do you think?”  Helen asked.
Erika threw open her eyes and looked over at the trio huddled in their corner.  They were looking at holograms, but these were different.  These were maps of the villages outside of Yarding.  Erika stood up from her chair and moved closer to the trio.  She sat on the ground and stared lack jawed at the maps.
“What are these?” She asked with her eyebrows raised.
Carol and Helen looked at each other skeptically.  Skip was the first to evaluate Erika and give his approval.  He nodded to the two girls and flicked his wrist changing the map to a larger view of the Eastern Union.
“We have been looking into the recent attacks outside of Yarding.”  Skip told her manipulating the map to show her.
“Yeah, the official story is rebels, but there is another factor at play.  This doesn’t seem like a rebellion situation.”  Erika explained.
She had been looking into the recent uprisings nearby as well.  She had to protect Brian from anything.  She looked at the maps and red dots flashed up surrounding Yarding and the western boarder along the central expanse.
“There is more to it than that.  There are no rebels anywhere close to here.  We are too far inland and away from the border.  However the close attacks aren’t even the ones that cause the most concern.  It's these.”  Carol answered flicking her wrist and causing the map to change some of the red dots to purple.
“What are those?”  Erika asked surveying the map, trying to find a connection to Amelia.
“These are the villages that are being attacked without any rebel influence, without any reason whatsoever.”  Helen said choking up at the end of her sentence.
Erika surveyed the three and then back at the map.  None of these dots had anything to do with Amelia.  These weren’t villages that she had been known to destroy and they definitely weren’t secret rebel camps.  These were villages known to house families and small prestigious schools.  They were attacked by the Death Squad for no apparent reason.
“Why would the government sanction attacks on its own people if not to squash the rebellion?”  Erika asked.
The trio exchanged hesitant glances again.  Skip nodded his head, obviously in charge of the group.  He looked to Erika and shook his head.
“We have been pouring over this for a long time.  What we do know, is the death squad goes in unprovoked and levels these villages to the ground leaving only children as survivors.” Skip said looking at Erika, watching her reaction.
“Then they take them.”  Carol finished also turning her gaze toward Erika.
“Why would they do that?  What purpose does it serve them?”  Erika asked in disbelief.  She wondered how the three of them knew so much about the attacks.
“We aren’t entirely sure, but they have stepped up their frequency.  Going back the last ten years they started with a few villages a year, but this last year it was twenty.”  Helen answered.
Erika sat back reeling.  She had been worried about the recent death squad raids near Yarding, but hadn’t looked into them further than the surface facts.  It hadn’t been alarming to her at the time, but the more she was exposed to the bright world the darker it all seemed to her.  Erika looked at the map and began to absorb it.  Memorizing all of the locations of the death squad raids and trying to find a pattern, but she quickly realized that there wasn’t one.  It was purposefully random.  She leaned in closer and began to stare at the purple dots.
“Have the children been taken away during any other death squad encounter or is it just the purple markers?”  Erika asked.
Helen flicked her wrist and a few more dots changed their color.  “These are all of the villages that a significant amount of children were taken.  We aren’t sure where they take them, but they are erased from the system shortly after the raids.”
“Is there anything particularly special about these children?”  Erika asked.
Carol and Helen exchanged glances again.  Skip sighed deeply and shook his head.
“Nothing we are willing to share.”  He said with hesitation.
“Are they psychic?”  Erika asked boldly.
Carol gasped at the question.  The trio exchanged glances again and teary eyed Helen nodded her head.
“Some of them are.  My sister was.”  Helen answered.
Erika reached out her arm and touched Helens shoulder lightly to comfort her.  Erika felt anger rising in her.  She looked across the room to the four people who could stop the slaughter of the psychics and she wished she could yell to them to hurry up and finish.  Thomas looked giddily at the small tablet held between them while Emiko and Brian seemed intently focused on their calculations.  It was too dangerous for them to continue to do their work on the wall so they kept their secret tablet.  Harold stood over them and watched them all, stoic as always.
“What are the dates of all of the attacks, starting with the most recent?”  Erika demanded pulling out her own tablet.
“You really think you can figure this out?”  Skip asked cracking a sideways smile.
Erika nodded her head and cracked her own crooked smile, “This is what I do best.  Give me some time to look into this.”  Erika said turning her attention to Helen.  “Forward me as much information on your sister as you can.”
“So you’re not even hiding behind your pretenses anymore?”  Skip asked raising his eyebrow at her.
“Are you?”  Erika asked.
Skip smiled and turned his attention back to Carol and Helen.  He flicked his wrist and his map changed into their work for class again.  He stole another glance at Erika and nodded his head in appreciation.  Erika sighed and slid her finger across her tablet.
“How many other people know who I work for?”  She asked herself in exasperation.  “Do they even know why I came here in the first place?  How quiet has Thomas been about all of this?”  She continued to question herself.
Erika received the information about the villages from Skip and began to fall into a familiar routine.  At the agency Erika had multiple computers at her disposal and it took her minutes to find someone, even if they were erased.  It was common practice for the death squad to take a psychic child and erase their identity completely before sending them to the energy chambers or some other holding facility.  Erika in all of her years of work had never heard of the death squad taking groups of children before.  Maybe a handful, but never an entire village.
Erika leaned back into her bean bag chair and placed her tablet on her lap.  She closed her eyes and rested into her chair.  Monti still snored softly across the room.  Erika relaxed more listening to the rhythm of his snores.  Something wicked was going on in the world and it left a bitter feeling inside of her.  Her stomach felt like she had chugged ice water until she was full.  Children were disappearing, the death squad seemed out of control and the ever controlling President Lilly Barton didn’t seem to be addressing any of it.  Though Erika was sure she had her hand in things.  She thought about talking to Thomas, but she wasn’t sure how much he would know.  Erika felt herself becoming tense.  She couldn’t relax and lose herself in her thoughts.  She felt ashamed for being so selfish about finding her mother when there were other people that needed her help.  She sat up abruptly from her chair and stood.  She walked toward the door.
“Where are you going?”  Brian asked dropping his tablet into Emi’s lap.
“I’m just going back to my room.  I’m super tired.”  Erika said.
“I should go with you.”  Brian said rising from his chair.  Erika extended her arm out to stop him.
“I am really alright.  I promise.  Straight to bed with me.”  She said.
Erika looked across the room and flashed a soft smile to the trio.  They had asked for her help the only way they could.  They couldn’t break her cover entirely, but they needed her help.  She nodded her head signaling that she was on the job.  Brian sat back down in his chair and watched Erika leave.  He wanted to chase after her and make sure she was safe, but he was needed with the study group.
Erika walked to the elevator and took it to her floor.  She entered her room and collapsed on her bed.  Her thoughts flashed back to her mother, but she chased those away as quickly as they had come.  She twirled the heavy ring on her finger absentmindedly and stared huffily at the ceiling.  She wondered how much her freedom was worth.  How much good could she do if she stayed with the agency?  Her job was to find the psychics that were taken by the death squad and help them be free.  They came to work for the agency and in turn they helped others.  They worked as agents and they stopped the horrendous actions of Lilly Barton and those that came before her.  Erika sighed as she realized her dreams of escaping were truly selfish.  People like Helen’s sister would be sacrificed to the chambers if she left.  No one had the ability to find people like Erika could.  While she was failing as a field agent, behind the desk she was a star.  Erika rolled over on her bed, her mind clouded with worry.
Erika hadn’t contemplated how her absence at the agency would affect everything.  She had become selfish and wanted nothing more than fresh air.  She rolled onto her back and clutched her hands into fists.  She couldn’t decide if she wanted to be angry or sad.  She realized that she couldn’t turn her back on those that needed help.  When her assignment with Brian was complete she would have to return to the agency, even if it meant never seeing natural sunlight again.  She shuddered at the thought of the dark grey concrete walls and the bright lights of the computer monitors surrounding her, but Jack was right.  Nothing could protect her out here, not if Amelia had already set her sights on her.  Besides there were so many other people that needed her help.  Erika closed her eyes and relaxed into her bed.  She became lost in her thoughts.  She wondered why Director James hadn’t brought up the children disappearing from villages before.  She wondered why David had ignored that and focused on saving certain individuals rather than an entire villages worth of children as well.  With the equipment at the agency Erika could find them in a heartbeat.  She would be pressed to find them as easily with only her tablet at hand.  Erika contemplated bringing Jack in on this to help her, but with as volatile as he had been to her earlier she didn’t want to speak to him again for a while.
Erika closed her eyes and willed herself to sleep.  She would be no good overwrought with weariness and worry.  She would do better with a fresh head in the morning.  Fully clothed and clenching her hands into tight fists Erika fell into an uneasy sleep anxious to right the wrongs of the world.
Chapter 21

Erika felt foggy as she walked out of the cafeteria the next morning.  She had slept roughly the night before battling the internal war within herself that had no easy resolution.  She wanted to be free, but there were others that would die because of that freedom.  She sucked in a breath of cold air and let it out slowly willing herself to shove that battle down so that she could focus on the task at hand.  She would have to solve all of this on her own until her partner came back.  She hoped he would have a fresh perspective.  She groaned as she realized that classes were resuming tomorrow.  With everything that had happened and the inner turmoil she had been struggling through she had completely forgotten that she had been admitted into a physics program that she was entirely unqualified for.  She had hardly touched the work that had been assigned to her.  She had to complete her work and maintain a high enough grade otherwise it wouldn’t be her choice to be sent back, it would be the schools.  She couldn’t get expelled for poor grades along with everything else.  She was sure she could meet with the study group and they would do the work for her later that night, but she felt awful relying on them in that way.  They had much more important work to focus on than doing her homework for her.  She brightened a little as she realized she did too.
Erika felt her stomach rumble as she walked away from the cafeteria.  She had forgotten to eat though she had been inside and had even sat at her usual table.  She scrunched up her forehead in thought.  She was becoming absent minded and it was tearing her apart.  She had waited all morning for someone from the group to join her, but no one had.  She had waited to grab food and then suddenly decided that she needed to leave the cafeteria.  Her mind was too wrapped up in tracking down the missing children and avoiding the death squad.  She had started absent mindedly going about her routine and leaving out the important parts, like eating.
Erika breathed out heavily and watched the fog of it drift and float in front of her face.  She smiled at the change in the season.  It was bitterly cold and the skies were brightly grey.  She bundled up in her black button up jacket.  The trees were almost bare and swayed in the calm wind.  Her feet crunched on the fallen leaves.  Erika looked down watching them shatter under foot.  She became so absorbed in her newfound distraction that she stopped with a thud as she ran into someone.  She looked up to see a mousy haired girl looking at her expectantly. She wasn’t wearing a uniform and looked completely out of place.  As if she were ripped out of one of the decaying books in the library.  Her wavy hair was tied loosely in pig tails, while the rest of her was decked out in a bright yellow fleece coat covering tights and a short flowered dress.  She looked as if she were torn out of the town of Gilt in its prime.  Erika smiled at the nostalgia that washed over her and then remembered that she had rudely bumped into this person.
“I’m so sorry.”  Erika mumbled.
“Totally my fault, and wholly intentional.”  The bright eyed girl smiled from ear to ear at Erika.  She reached out her arm and took Erika’s in hers.
Erika followed the girl, arm in arm, but she wasn’t entirely sure why.  She knew she should be alarmed, but her heart remained steady and calm.  Her head began to swim and buzz warmly.  The girl looked up at her and smiled even brighter.  She led them into the library.  Erika felt overwhelmed at the heat of the room.  It was brilliantly cool outside, but inside the book heavy library it was stuffy and suffocating.  Erika wanted to wrench her arm away, but the girl held on to her tightly.  She finally stopped and released Erika in a quiet musty corner of the library.  They were surrounded by dilapidated books that threatened to fall to pieces at the slightest touch. Erika felt wobbly, but caught herself.  She didn’t want to fall into one of the book cases causing the antiquated tomes to tear apart and cascade around her.   As Erika steadied herself the girl smiled up at her expectantly.  Erika quickly began to feel her uneasiness drift away.
“I’m so sorry we didn’t get to have a proper introduction the other day.  It seems my plans were nearly foiled.”  The girl announced exasperated.  She reached into her pocket and pulled out a small white envelope.  She held it out.  “Please, I don’t want to touch it.”
Erika suddenly felt as if her right hand weighed a million pounds.  She wanted to collapse to the ground to relieve herself of the newfound weight.  Her mother’s ring felt ice cold on her hand.  She twirled it around her finger a few times and reluctantly placed it in the envelope.  The girl sealed the envelope and quickly placed it in her pocket.  Erika had a million questions running through her head.  She could feel the small control that the girl had over her wash away and her own thoughts and worries began to cloud her head.  The false warmness of the girl was gone.  Erika felt herself panic.  She was staring at a very giddy Amelia.  She wanted to run or scream, but all she could manage was her question.
“Why?”  Erika huffed out.  She backed away from the smiling girl into the dusty bookshelf behind her.  It didn’t collapse as she thought it would.  It stood sturdy, but the books shaved off a layer of dust and rained it down over her.
“I have so many answers for you too, and neither of us has enough time to answer them all.  Just know that you are in no danger.  You spend so much of your time worrying.  Your time here is meant to help you grow, to learn and in time you will have all the answers that you need.”  Amelia answered, her smile fading slightly.
“I don’t understand.”  Erika said desperately.  She felt herself shaking.  She was tired of being in the dark.  Amelia nodded in understanding.  She acted as a friend still, which only confused Erika more.  Jack had warned her, the roommates were thrilled to discuss her devastating powers and here she stood smiling brilliantly as if she and Erika were newly best friends.
“Trust me, if it were up to me it wouldn’t be this way.  However, you and I answer to a higher calling.  You must trust that everything unfolds as it should.  Your answers are all in there.”  Amelia said gently poking Erika in the forehead.
Erika looked at the girl and let out an involuntary laugh.  She wasn’t sure how or why, but the gesture relieved her.  It wasn’t Amelia fogging up her brain, but something inside of her released at the simple touch.  Like Amelia had hit her release button and all of her worries floated away through the top of her head.  Amelia joined her with a lilting laugh of her own and the girls chuckled jovially.  Erika felt somehow overwhelmingly happy and soul crushingly sad.  This girl was known as the most dangerous person in the world yet she smiled at her like an old friend.  Erika finally stopped laughing and evaluated Amelia.  She had small freckles across her nose and tiny pink lips.  Everything about her was small and cute, except for her eyes.  Her bright emerald eyes were intricately calculating.  They didn’t seem to belong to her face.  They weren’t as evil in appearance as Erika had assumed they would be.  They showed infinite pain and regret.  Erika felt herself taken aback staring into Amelia’s eyes.
“I really should get going.  I don’t want to be late.  Will you walk me out?”  Amelia asked in a sing song voice.
Erika answered with a small nod.  Amelia held out her arm and Erika took it without reluctance.  They walked the short way to the entrance and Erika stopped dead in her tracks as she saw Jack staring at her from a table across the room.  Amelia let go of Erika’s arm calmly and her brilliant smile fell crooked on her face.  She looked up at Erika.
“You may want to go sit with him.  I wouldn’t want anything to happen.  I really am going to be late at this point.”  Amelia said wrapping Erika into a hug.  “We are practically sisters.” She said and whispered into her ear, “Watch out for that one.”
Erika nodded with profound confusion, but turned on her heel and without a glance back headed toward Jack.  He stood up, but Erika held out her hand to stop him.  She motioned for him to sit.  She bounded across the room and sat across from him.  She turned around as she neared Jack, but Amelia was gone.  She suddenly felt lonely.  She wasn’t sure if it was the absence of Amelia’s natural warmth or the fact that the only other person who had any clue what Erika was going through was gone.  Jack looked at her practically foaming at the mouth.  He exuded so much anger it made Erika shrink in her chair in fear.
“What the hell was that Erika?”  Jack asked shouting.
Everyone in the library stopped what they were doing and stared at Jack.  He was unapologetic and continued to sit and fume at Erika.
“I had to return something.  Tell me something Jack, why would the most dangerous person on the planet tell me to be distrusting of you?”  Sitting up and crossing her arms across her chest.
Jack seemed to flinch with confliction.  His eyes flashed with anger and be frowned, but he seemed to be battling himself on whether to hold on to that anger or release it and be more reasonable.   Erika watched him carefully as he struggled with himself.  After a few moment of confliction he finally decided to remain angry.
“Amelia is trying to attack you, of course she would convince you to be distrusting of me.  You are purposely putting yourself in danger and I am finding it harder and harder to care about saving your life when you are so willing to throw it away.”  Jack lashed out at her.
“If Amelia was going to attack me she would have done so already.  Instead we had a lovely chat and she warned me about you.”  Erika fought back.  She wasn’t going to let him be the only one that was overly angry.
“Open your eyes Erika.”  Jack screamed rising from his seat.
Erika calmly stood up and looked at Jack with fierce determination.  “For the first time in my life I am opening my eyes and all I see is a jumbled pile of nonsense.  Until you want to tell me the truth about what’s going on stay away from me.  I don’t want to see your sideways glances across the halls.  I don’t even want to see you passing by me.  You are a ghost here unless you want me to unleash a whole wave of hell on you.”  Erika said in a whisper.  Jack sat back in his seat, his frown unrelenting and curved in a terrible way that made Erika afraid, but she wouldn’t show it.
Erika stood up from her seat and turned her back on Jack.  He was irrationally angry and she couldn’t deal with it.  He had always been her stone and as she watched him crumble under the pressure of reality it killed her.  She was quickly realizing that there was no one she could truly turn to that could protect her.  She would have to stand on her own in a world she hadn’t existed in since she was a child.  Her stomach fluttered with nervousness.  She felt faint as the oppressively cool air wrapped itself around her as she fled the library.  Erika’s warm tears stung her eyes, but she didn’t try to stop them.  She let her tears fall down freely on her face.  She was overwhelmed with no one to hold on to.  She had to be strong for everyone else.
Erika walked into the quad and straight to her room.  She felt her stomach churn with hunger, but she ignored it.  She had an important job to do and she decided she would take Amelia’s advice.  She was here to grow and learn.  Erika decided she was going to learn.  She would learn why children were disappearing and no one seemed to notice aside from the trio.  She would learn about the agency and how she came to be there.  She would learn everything she needed to know with or without the agency computers.  She was the best at finding things and now she needed answers.  Erika rushed across the quad and ran up the stairs refusing to wait for the elevator.  She rushed into her room and grabbed her tablet plopping down on her bed, ready to work.


Chapter 22

Erika brushed her dark hair away from her face.  She stretched her stiff muscles and craned her neck to help relieve her back pain.  She had to get to the bottom of everything.  She had poured over her tablet all day and had come up with nothing.  She had never hit roadblocks like this before.  She even tried hacking into some of the local governments files hoping they would have something, anything that would explain the local death squad’s actions, but they were wiped clean as well.  She wondered if Thomas would be willing to help her out.  She was sure he would, but she wasn’t sure she wanted to involve him in everything.  Erika finally tossed her tablet down on her bed and began to pace her room stretching her arms above her head.
“I haven’t seen you this tense in a long time.”  Jack teased easing himself into her room through her open back door.
Erika immediately dropped her arms to her sides and glared at Jack.  He smiled mischievously at her.  Erika scowled at him and turned her back.  She wouldn’t look at him.  Not after the way he acted that morning.  She was finally putting all the puzzle pieces together and he was trying to take the guiding picture away from her.  She couldn’t have him stepping on her toes and she definitely wasn’t going to look at his boyish grin and fall for him again.  That was a mistake she kept making that was costing her far more than she had realized.
“I’m sorry about earlier.  I flew off the handle.  Please forgive me.”  Jack flashed his best sorry look to Erika as soon as she turned to look at him.  She quickly looked away again.
“The last thing I need right now is your apology.  I need answers.  Either talk or get out.”  Erika demanded.
Jack lessened the space between them.  He casually walked over to her and gently ran his hand down her back.  He was hoping she would be weak against his boyish charms, but it only angered Erika more.  She turned around and grabbed his hand.  She wrenched it, twisting him around and pulling his arm behind his back.  She pushed him forward into her bed and he groaned in pain.
“Tell me you’re sorry.”  Erika growled bitterly at him.
Jack laughed and nodded his head.  “I’m sorry.”
Erika released him and began to pace her room again.  She gestured for the door, but Jack remained.  He took a seat on her bed and watched her in awe.
“You are so much stronger than I ever gave you credit for.  The admiration shown to you is truly earned.  I thought for sure that crooked grin would have you melting like most girls, but you are determined.  Your light is like fire!”  Jack swooned while staring at her.  He crossed his legs and stared at her in an admiration he had never shown before.
Erika paused her pacing and sat at her desk.  She kept her gaze on Jack and brought her knees up to her, her hand on her ankle.  Jack was acting stranger than usual.  Ever since the attack in the penthouse he had seemed off.  He was either irrationally angry or overly charming.  Erika just wanted the regular Jack back.  She watched him carefully, her hand twitching at her side ready to grab her gun if necessary.
“Just relax Erika.  We’ll talk.”  He told her reassuringly.  He pat the bed beside him beckoning her to him.
“No.”  She answered succinctly.  She wouldn’t fall for this new trap to distract her from what needed to be done.  She wanted him to leave, but he seemed keen on staying.
“I promise I won’t bite.”  He answered with a laugh.
Erika raised an eyebrow at him.  She couldn’t believe his audacity.  To say how in awe he was that she didn’t fall for his charms and then to continue to try to woo her with the same charms.
“What is wrong with you?”  Erika demanded.
Jack stood from the bed and slowly moved toward Erika.  His head tilt slightly as he regarded her.  He grabbed the arms of the desk chair and looked down at her with his crooked smile.  She wanted to back away, or grab her gun and point it at him, but he had her pinned to the chair.  He wrapped her in his arms shaking.  He tightened his hug around her and whispered in her ear.
“You are more precious to me than you will ever know.”
Erika’s arms were stiff at her sides while Jack held her.  She wanted to shove him away, but her heart softened.  Jack had never shown her any weakness before and to confess this way was more than Erika could take.  He released her from his embrace and looked up at her shyly.  Erika felt her mind become clouded and her inhibition float away.  She wrapped her hands around Jacks head and gently pressed her lips against his.  Jacks mouth was cold, but soft.  Erika felt herself become chilled as she kissed him again, but she couldn’t get enough.  A deep compulsion stirred in her as she pushed Jack on to her bed.  She wove her fingers into his hair as she straddled him.  Jack seemed taken aback at first, kissing her lightly, reluctantly, but as Erika’s kisses grew desperate and quick he flipped her over on her bed and kissed her deeply.
Erika brought her hands down to Jacks chest.  He was incredibly muscular.  She felt his body heat rise the longer they kissed.  She wondered how long he had been outside watching her, wanting to come inside and apologize, but had lost the nerve.  Erika ran her hands from his chest to his waist and then his back.  Warmth radiated from her and into him.  He moaned softly at her touch.  She grabbed roughly at Jacks shirt, pulling it over his head when a soft beeping interrupted her from her desk.  Erika pushed Jack from her and sat up.  She straightened her clothes and rushed to her desk.
“Leave it be.  Don’t.”  Jack seemed desperate.
Erika looked at him oddly and opened up her desk.  “It’s David.”
“Don’t!”  Jack yelled.
“If I don’t David will grow suspicious.”  Erika answered as she turned the tiny knob on the side.
In an instant her room flashed away from her and she was greeted with David staring at her in annoyance.  He had a small rubber ball in his hand which meant he was frustrated and angry.  Erika met him with the only defense she had.  She flashed on her best innocent grin and folded her hands gently behind her back.
“It’s been a while.”  David said throwing the ball through Erika’s image against the wall behind her.  It bounced back to him.  He picked it up and tossed it up in the air catching it.
“Yes it has.”  Erika answered without an excuse or apology.  She watched David carefully.  She wouldn’t give any information unless it was asked of her.  She would play this off as innocently as possible.
“Well?”  David asked.  Erika knew he was fishing for anything.  He would ask vague questions and hope Erika would slip up and spill on something he didn’t know about.  Erika cracked a small smile and tilted her head.
“Well what?”  She asked.
“How are things?”  David asked vaguely.
“Things are good.”  Erika answered in the same tone.
David finally threw the ball across the room waiting for it to return.  He threw up his arms and took a seat at the long table in the conference room.  He normally called from his office, but today he was calling from Erika’s least favorite room in the entire complex.  It was nothing but a long table with monitors along the walls.  The room was absent of anything human.  It was pure technology and Erika hated it.  David knew this of course and picked this room to rattle her.
“How are things with Brian?”  David finally relented.
Erika smiled brightly and began to glow about her charge.  “He is brilliant!”  Erika fawned.  “He is so close to the final breakthrough.  He has been working with Thomas and Harold on this project.  I infiltrated their study group and have been observing their progress.  He has broken down the problem with the equation and it is just a matter of time now.”
David nodded his head knowingly.  Erika wasn’t sure how he was going to react.  She felt her stomach knot as she feared he would pull her in prematurely from the field.
“Good.”  David answered succinctly.
David stood up from his chair and began to pace finally stopping in front of Erika’s image.  She stood as still as possible.  She had always been afraid of David.  Something about him always struck her as far more cruel and calculating than his father ever could be.  He was the best liar Erika had ever met.  She watched him carefully as he evaluated her.  He finally dropped the ball on the floor of the room and his face flashed quickly in anger.
“So is anyone going to report to me what in the world happened on the rooftop?”  David demanded maintaining eye contact with Erika.
“Rooftop?”  Erika asked willing herself not to blink, flinch or even breathe.
“Yes.  The death squad responded to a weather phenomenon on a rooftop.  Do you care to explain?”
Erika forced herself to blush.  She lowered her eyes guiltily and began to fumble with her hands.  David had always looked after Erika like a little sister.  In fact his father James had encouraged it.  If Erika were to confess to her relations with Jack she was sure it could save her.  She slowly looked back up at David who still looked at her angrily.
“I, um, well …” Erika began clumsily.
David’s gaze had softened a little.  He finally gestured in frustration for her to finish.
“Jack and I were … and I lost control … I wasn’t as careful as I should have been.”  Erika offered lowering her gaze again.
Erika was afraid to look up at David.  She wasn’t sure he would buy it.  Finally he walked away from her.
“Oh,” he said taking a seat at the conference table.  Finally he started laughing.  His face had turned bright red and he doubled over in his chair.
Erika watched him in astonishment.  She had confessed to losing control of her powers while being intimate with her on again off again boyfriend and somehow David found this to be the funniest thing in the world.
“Why are you laughing?”  Erika demanded feeling heat rise in her cheeks.
“You are just too adorable.”  David said glancing up happily to Erika.  She cracked a small smile.  “I look forward to your return soon.  Let me speak with Greg.”
“Greg is watching Brian.  Since the initial breakthrough one of us has been with Brian at all times.  This is his shift.  Jack is here though.”
David began to laugh again, pounding his fist into the table.  “Of course he is.  You two have fun.  You have two months and then I am pulling you in.  Hopefully Brian fulfills his duty before then.”
David signed off.  Erika pulled off the com and threw it on the desk.  She looked toward her bed for Jack, but he was gone.  Her balcony door was wide open.  She hadn’t noticed him leave.  She heaved a heavy sigh and closed the door.  It was far too cold to leave it open all night regardless of how much she wanted to.  She wanted to kick the words David had said out of her brain.  She only had two months, the end of the term, to figure out what she would do.  There was so much work that had to be done.  There were so many people that needed to be helped.  She was locked away and constrained at the agency, but she had no power or faculties to provide any help outside of it.  She collapsed on her bed and fell against her tablet.  She grabbed it reluctantly and stared at it.  She willed it to give her answers, but it just stayed in her hands unresponsive.  She sighed and gave up.  If she couldn’t demand answers of the universe awake, perhaps she could in sleep.  She rolled over on her side and fell into a heavy sleep.
Chapter 23

Erika snuggled up under her black jacket, even her uniform couldn’t keep her as warm as she would have liked.  Today was the coldest day she had experienced so far.    She looked up at the sky wishing that small dancing snowflakes would rain down on her.  She wanted so terribly to feel their icy cold embrace as they flurried to the ground, but as the wind gusted up she quickly rescinded her wish.  She could control the weather when she was severely emotionally distraught, but she wasn’t sure she could summon a snow storm.   She didn’t want to chance a freak snow storm while she was guarding Brian.  It would only lure the death squad soldiers here again and they were happily elsewhere terrorizing the rest of the world.
Erika peered over the rooftop inspecting her charge.  Brian was cuddled on a blanket with Lauren talking animatedly about something fascinating.  Lauren smiled brightly leaning into his chest.  Erika smiled and leaned into the wall in front of her.  She was happy to see Brian forgetting his troubles and relaxing.  While she was on a deadline for his breakthrough, she wouldn’t rush him.  She wouldn’t want to burden him with the overwhelming worry and anxiety that she was carrying.  She wanted him to stay innocent and happy for as long as he could.  She was his protector after all. Erika sighed heavily and collapsed her head into the wall in front of her.  She felt defeated.  She wanted to hole herself up in her room and continue her search for the stolen children, but Jack was nowhere to be found and Brian had a date.  She had a duty to watch over him first and foremost.  Her own case would have to wait until she had some spare time.  Erika was exhausted even though she had slept all night.  She wished it had been more restful, but restful nights seemed few and far between now.
The wind blew past Erika bringing with it a familiar smell.  She grinned so tight her cheeks ached and she turned to find its source.  The smell of stale cigarettes and whiskey blew past her again.  Erika looked around everywhere, but all she saw was the lonely rooftop.  She was still alone in her struggles.  There was only one person that smelled like that and she wanted him at her side more than anything.  Greg had grown on her, despite her initial hesitation of him.  He was a better agent than she would ever be and she wanted to learn from him.  He was everywhere and nowhere.  You saw him when he wanted you to see him.  Erika was irresponsibly undertrained for this endeavor and Jack was flaky.  She was sure he was out there, but since their kiss the night before he had hidden in the shadows away from her.  Erika looked down at Brian again and rolled her eyes.  One moment he was smoothly cuddling with Lauren and the next he was bouncing around showing off like small child.  At least Lauren seemed to be enjoying it.  She was laughing hysterically as Brian pretended to fight off invisible invaders for her entertainment.  Erika couldn’t help but chuckle at him.
“Those two are quite the pair.” A gruff voice greeted Erika clamping a hand down on her shoulder.  He reeked of stale cigarettes and whiskey.
Erika turned around to see Greg looking haggard.  She couldn’t help herself.  She threw herself into his arms and wrapped him into a tight hug.  He chuckled lightly and hugged her back.  She tried her best not to label her feelings for him, but Erika felt very paternal toward him.  He was the father figure she had never known she wanted until he protected her.  She had once tried to look to Director James to fill that role, but he had always been so cold and distant.  Greg watched out for her and comforted her in a way she never knew someone could.  She was glad he was finally back.  Erika felt tears stinging at her eyes, but she had to maintain some composure.  She drew herself back and looked up at him.  His hair and clothes were a mess.  He had a fresh bruise on his cheek.  He turned away from her and looked down on Brian.
“I am glad to see him in good spirits.”  Greg said brightening up.
“It hasn’t been easy.”  Erika said hesitantly.  She didn’t want to burden Greg upon his return.  She wanted more than anything for him to share all of his news first, but she knew they had a job to do first.
“Tell me everything.”  Greg said seriously without looking away from Brian.
Erika felt as if she had talked for hours.  Brian and Lauren happily maintained their date below while Erika unburdened all of the past few weeks events.  Greg didn’t seem shocked by Amelia’s involvement or even Jack’s behavior.  He seemed to agree with Amelia’s sentiment to stay as far away from Jack as possible.
“What is wrong with him?”  Erika braved herself to ask.
“It’s hard to say, but if that group of psychics is involved steer clear as far as you can.  Jack is lost to us now.”  Greg said turning to her.
Erika swallowed hard and nodded.  “He is insistent that I go back to the agency.  He said he can’t keep me safe here.”
Greg laughed out loud.  Fog formed around his face.  “No one can keep you safe now.  Not even in the agency.  Besides if you go back, David will use you for whatever is coming next and I can’t let that happen.  No kiddo, if you try to go back there I have to stop you myself.”
Erika felt her breath choke up in her chest.  She knew something bad was coming, but whatever it was had even spooked Greg.  She wasn’t sure she wanted to know anymore.  She wanted everything to go back to the way it was at the beginning of the term.  With her new beginnings and her new friends.  She wanted to rush down the stairs and go to a study group meeting, drink soda and laugh jovially over nonsensical things.  The real world had begun to rush at her and it was overwhelming.  Erika looked sideways at Greg who was now staring at her hesitating to tell her everything he knew.
“Just come out with it.”  Erika said defeated.
“You are the child if Gilt.  However you didn’t go to the agency immediately after the event.  You disappeared for two years.”  Greg began.
Erika reached out her hand and stopped him.  “No.  I went to the agency when I was five.  I remember meeting James and … and the events that followed.  I had a vision.  I saw myself there.  I was five.  I know I was five.”
Greg shook his head.  “I have seen the records myself.  I have verified them myself.  Your mother collected you from the burning city and disappeared with you which is a feat in and of itself since she was the most wanted person in the world at the time.  Erika, I don’t even know how to tell you this.”  Greg looked away from her.
“Just tell me!”  Erika yelled.  She was growing impatient and nothing was making sense to her anymore.
“Your mother was the leader of the Viridian order.  She was part of the founding council.  With the exception of your destruction of Gilt she was the only one to be able to level an entire city like that.”  Greg sighed.
Erika felt herself becoming faint.  The Viridian order wasn’t even something she was supposed to know about.  People spoke of them in hushed tones and in privacy.  To speak of the order on an open rooftop made her nervous.  It was rumored that to even say their name they would here it through their network.  They were psychics bent on government destruction and shunning all those without the gift.  She looked down despairingly at Brian, but he was still entertaining his lady love.  Erika looked back to Greg who was steely and serious.  Erika collapsed to the ground leaning against the wall behind her.
“What does this mean?”  Erika asked.
“It means per every other agency and the governments of the world you are in an energy chamber.  You don’t exist and yet I am looking right at you.  Somehow James was able to get a hold of you and wipe your slate clean.”
“That’s good right.”  Erika looked up at Greg hopefully.  He shook his head.
“I found something else while I was searching for your origins.”  He kneeled in front of her.  “Erika we have to get out of here.  Now.  We have to collect Brian and go into hiding.”
Erika couldn’t help her tears any longer.  She was frightened.  She didn’t want to leave her life here.  Besides she had a new mission to follow.  “I can’t just leave.  I made a promise to someone that I would find their missing sister.  Greg there is something terrible going on in the world.  Besides Brian has been working with Thomas and Harold.  I can’t just take him and have him abandon all the progress he’s made.”
Greg shook his head again at her.  “We aren’t taking Brian because he is going to make the breakthrough.  That is what I was dreading telling you.  Look I met with the PC’ers myself.  The prophecy didn’t come in like they usually do.  This was an out of the blue prophecy that struck one particular person.  The PC’ers don’t work that way.  They only get their prophecies when they link together. Erika I think it was planted by the Viridian order to lure you out.  The only danger that Brian is in is by the agency and from those interested in stopping the progress he won’t be making.  We have to keep him safe.”
“No, I saw him make progress.”  Erika demanded.  She realized she sounded like a child, but she didn’t care.  She was blubbering and upset.  She wouldn’t accept Greg’s interpretation of everything.  She needed to find out for herself.
“I need to talk to the PC’ers myself.  I have to find out what happened myself.”  She insisted.
Greg smiled at her and stood.  “Well it’s a good thing I came back then.  The sister of the prophecy recipient is on campus.  Talk to her and come to your own conclusion.”  He said and hesitated.  “Erika it’s too convenient.  You are coming into your own powers and suddenly this prophecy is given to the agency that only you can help happen.  The psychics will be free once this comes to fruition, but it has to be you that helps? You that has to watch over him?  You are an untrained psychic agent that has no business in the field, but is desperately wanted by the Viridian Order.”
Erika stood up.  She looked down at Brian again who had taken Lauren in his arms.  Erika sighed heavily.
“There is something wicked in the wind.  It is coming quickly and we cannot stop it.  We can only ride the waves and hope to be left afloat at the end.”  Fog wafted around her face as she spoke.
Greg pulled out his flask and took a deep swig.  He offered it to Erika who took a swig herself.  It burned down her throat warming her from the inside.
“Why would the government be stealing children from villages and then burning them to the ground?”  Erika asked abruptly.
She hadn’t meant to ask Greg about the missing children, but the question escaped her before she could stop it.  She wanted to delve deep into her newfound mystery, but she felt she was beyond that.  Everything was crashing down around her and Greg was the only ally she had to help those that were stolen.  If something were to happen to her, Greg could take up her cause.  He took in a deep breath and leaned against the wall looking down on Brian.
“That’s a complicated question.”  Greg offered.
Erika took a space against the wall next to him looking in the opposite direction.  “It seems I only deal in complication lately.  If we are going to abandon our post here I have a mystery to solve first.  Helen in the study group said her sister was captured and taken in a raid on her hometown recently.  The death squad takes the children and burns down the villages.  I can’t find any reason in it.”  She explained fiddling with her glove on her fingers.
Greg contemplated her question and pulled out his flask again.  “I’ll look into it when we have some time.”  He took a deep swig and pocketed the silver flash again.  “I want to leave by nightfall.  Yarding isn’t going to be standing much longer with the way things are going around here.  The death squad is fighting a new rebellion close by.”
“Viva la resistance.”  Erika said.
Greg chuckled at her.  “Kid you are going to get yourself killed.  The girl is sitting on a bench in front of the library.  Can’t miss her.”
Erika nodded and descended down the stairs and into the quad heading straight for the library.  She had forgotten how cold she had been.  She breathed in everything of Yarding on her way, saying good bye to each building and plant as she passed it.  This was her farewell walk and she would savor it.
Chapter 24

Erika followed the icy path to the library.  The ominous sky had become a darker shade of grey.  She was hoping it wasn’t her doing.  It was the last thing she needed while trying to escape the death squad.  Her emotions could ruin everything and lure them there instead.  She spotted the bench and approached it slowly.  She saw the girl and Greg was right, she was hard to miss.  Her uniform was unzipped at the chest flashing cleavage even underneath the oppressive cold.  Her hair was piled on top of her head with the ends of her black hair dyed blue.  Erika marveled at her bright make up, her dark skin glowed underneath shimmering blue eye shadow and magenta lips.  She was beautifully painted.  She stood out amongst the rest of her classmates.  The only person that came close to matching her outlandish appearance was Emi.
Erika sat next to the girl unsure of what to say.  She opened her mouth and hesitated.  If she were to acknowledge this girl and confirm what Greg already knew, it was all over for her.  Her entire world would come crashing down on her and she would have to abandon everything she knew.  If she ignored this girl, just got up and walked away it could stay safe for a little while longer, except with or without her confirmation, Greg was leaving with her that night.  Erika needed as much information as she could get, regardless of the cost.  She had to know if Brian was her savior or if that information was just planted to lure her out of the only protection she had.  Erika saw that the girl had rested her hand against the bench next to her.  Erika slowly reached over her hand and touched the girl with her pinky.  Erika sent a small amount of her energy through her touch.  The girl looked over at her slowly with a horrified look.  Erika met her with a kind smile.
“Please don’t be afraid.  I just have some questions I was hoping you would answer.”  Erika asked as gently as she could.
The girl nodded and relaxed immediately.  She pulled out a packet of gum and offered a stick to Erika.  Erika had never tried gum before, but she declined.
“I’m Eileen.  I was wondering when you were going to approach me.  You have to forgive me I’m not as good as my other sisters in my predictions.”  The girl smacked.
“So you foresaw me coming to you?  You know who I am?”  Erika asked in awe.  She had never met a PC’er before and couldn’t help herself.   All her interactions with them had been electronic.  It was never safe for them to meet in person.
“Mmmm, kind of.  I saw the possibility of you coming to see me, it was pretty strong, but we don’t see everything.  This was just such an unusual circumstance that it stood out to me.  I’m a watcher.  Anyway, I don’t take any predictions I have too seriously.  Also, no I don’t know who you are, just about your existence.”  Eileen said still smacking her gum.
Erika looked at her strangely.  “I don’t understand.”
Eileen laughed.  “It doesn’t make sense unless you’re one of us.  Sorry.  How about we start with you?  Who are you and why are you sitting on this bench with me?”
“I work for an agency that finds and protects psychics before the death squad takes them to the chambers.  We received information about a prophecy from the PC’ers about a boy who would create infinite energy releasing the psychics from their burden of sacrifice.  I volunteered myself to oversee his protection.”  Erika offered.
Eileen smiled brightly.  “Good for you.”  She exclaimed.  “Though I don’t know how your agency heard about the prophecy.  My particular group won’t deal with children of Annie.”  She added snottily.
Erika began to ask her what she meant, but Eileen spat the gum out of her mouth and took Erika’s hands.  “You’re different though, I can tell.  Okay so the prophecy came to my sister which was weird enough.  She is brand new, her hair is only down to her waist after all.  I mean all the others have hair down past their feet.  They weren’t even there.  They were all communing under the meteor shower.  We never get prophecies in August, it was incredibly random.  Anyway I am, or was, training to be a watcher and had to sit in.  I wasn’t even prepared, but there was only my sister Jessie and our other sister Geraldine to sit and take the prophecy while me and one of our brothers Jace watched and took readings.”  Eileen rolled her eyes.
Erika was trying to absorb as much information as she could.  She didn’t understand their process.  The agency itself had its own prophets, but they received prophesies few and far between.  They rarely had watchers and rituals and never used astrological events to try to divine the future.  Eileen looked over Erika and seemed to understand that she needed to be clearer.
“Sorry, your energy is so fluid with mine, I keep forgetting you aren’t one of us.  We can tell a lot about a person by their energy.  If you are lucky like my sister you can see someone’s energy before you even approach them.  I have to feel it.  I am not tuned in to everything like she is.  Anyway, since she is so in touch with everything and gifted she can receive messages.  She can join the collective and divine the threads of energy they receive into visions of the past, the present, the future, of times that have never existed and of futures we can weave ourselves.  She is important.  Because I am her twin I have been put in charge of watching over her while she is in the collective.  She isn’t even allowed to cut or dye her hair.”  Eileen said pulling on her own brightly colored locks.  “It messes with her vibe.”
“So you come from a big family?  Lots of brothers and sisters?”  Erika asked trying to put all of the pieces together.
Eileen laughed at her again.  “We all call each other brother and sister.  We aren’t all related by blood though.  Sometimes we make people our honorary family.”  Eileen closed her eyes and squeezed Erika’s hands.  “You have a tough road ahead.”  She opened her eyes and smiled.  “I will make you my honorary sister.”  She announced.
Erika felt warmth in her heart.  The same warmth she felt when she was close to Amelia.  “How did you do that?”  Erika asked in fascination.
“That is the feeling of family.  You seem like you could use some.  Whenever you are close to family your heart will become warm like that.  We are connected.”  Eileen said bouncily.
“Thank you.”  Erika said flabbergasted.  She wasn’t sure what else to say.
“You’re welcome.  Anyway, so my sister is sitting there having a seizure.  Which is unusual for a prophecy and Geraldine is talking in tongues.  We are in the basement of one of the safe houses.  Then all the power goes out and Jace is looking around stupidly while I grab a flashlight.  I finally turn it on and my sister is sitting in front of me wrapping her long hair around her head.  Super scary and then she tells me everything about the boy.  I have no idea how they figured out it was Brian from the information we got that night, but someone did.”
Erika sat there holding Eileen’s hands in hers confused.  “Tell me everything your sister said.  I have to understand.”  Erika pleaded.
“I’ll show you.”  Eileen said and everything around Erika went black.
“He sits in ruins his hands covered in chalk!” A girl with wild hair screamed at her.  Erika wanted to scream, but somehow she felt herself becoming calm instead.
“Please sister.  Calm down, explain everything.”  Erika said, but in Eileen’s voice.  She was experiencing everything as Eileen had.  Erika felt frightened and exhilarated.
“He sits in ruins his hands covered in chalk.  The numbers equal our salvation.  He sits in ruins he has created, the war will be fought in his name alone with his hand on the trigger!”  Jessie screamed.  Tears of blood streaked down her cheeks.
Eileen reached up and gently pushed the thick knotted hair out of her sister’s face and smiled kindly at her.  “I am here sister.  Please calm yourself.”
Jessie smiled back.  “I’m sorry.  I lost myself.”  Erika felt warmth escape her replaced with sharp icicles as Jessie began to glow.  Eileen was giving her warmth to her sister, she was giving herself.  Erika felt herself become infinitely saddened as she experienced the two sisters slowly dying in each other’s arms.
“There is a boy, from a broken home, broken by the death squad.  He holds all of the answers that will harken in a new age for psychics.  He lies in ruins and will create more ruins in his wake.  Everywhere he goes, the world will fall to pieces around him until his breakthrough.”
Erika pulled herself away from the vision gasping for air.  She felt herself crying.  She ripped her hands from Eileen’s and clutched at her chest.  Her heart was racing, threatening to burst from her chest.
“Intense huh?  The first time always is.  Don’t worry about it.  Your heart will calm down in a minute.”
“You’re dying!”  Was all Erika managed to say.
Eileen nodded sadly.  “Every time my sister has a vision and I have to draw her from it, it takes a piece of me.  Every time she has a vision it takes a piece of her.  That is the burden of being a psychic twin in the collective.  We both have sacrificed ourselves, but it is our choice.  Please don’t be sad for us.”
Erika released her hands from her chest and grabbed Eileen’s hands again.  “Everywhere he goes, the world will fall to pieces around him.  My partner thinks this prophecy was planted.  That it’s fake.”
Eileen shook her head.  “You saw for yourself.  A fake prophecy is easy to establish.  The lights usually stay on.  The visions don’t cause the eyes to bleed.  Someone, that night, set something in motion for this particular future to be the only path and my sisters were the only ones there to receive the vision.  Who knows what else we could have seen if the others had been there.  It’s easier to trick a group in the collective to receive a fake message rather than a couple.  The bigger the collective the more corrupt the information can get, but the less of a toll it takes on an individual.  This is real.”
Erika thought for sure she would come to the same conclusion as Greg, but she hadn’t.  The prophecy was real.  Erika thought back.  “You said this happened during the meteor shower in August?”
“Last year.”  Eileen nodded.
“Last year?  We received this prophecy this year in August.  An entire year?”  Erika thought to herself and then it hit her.  She gasped for air and then whispered, “James died last August.  He was the catalyst.”
“What?”  Eileen asked confused.
“Our director died and was replaced with his son last August, the second week of August.”
“That would be the same week.  Are they really connected?”  Eileen asked in confusion.
“When we received the prophecy this year, it stated that Brian would be the one to make the breakthrough to set us free and I had to be by his side to do it.”  Erika felt her mind racing.  Eileen looked at her and scrunched up her nose.
“I was there, none of that happened.  Just the prophecy as I showed you.  Our prophecy was correct, but your information wasn’t.  Someone pretended to be a PC’er and told you the truth, but then told you a lie?”  Eileen tilted her head in confusion.
Erika bolted up from the bench and looked around in sudden paranoia.  She had to find Greg as quickly as she could.  “Everywhere he goes, the world will fall to pieces around him.  This school is going to be burnt to the ground and left in ruins.  We are leaving tonight meaning the school doesn’t have much time.  It will be in his wake shortly.  It’s dangerous for a psychic to be here.  You have to leave.  You have to get out of here.”  Erika pleaded.
Eileen grabbed her bag and stood up.  Fear and recognition were in her eyes, but she paused to hug Erika close.  “I don’t doubt you.  I have other sisters here.  I have to collect them.”
“Hurry.  You have to hurry.  If we are leaving tonight, then the school will fall before we leave.”
Eileen burst across the campus without looking back.  Erika ran as fast as she could in the other direction.  She found Brian’s favorite tree, but he wasn’t there.  She felt herself panic.  Her lungs screamed for air, but she wouldn’t relinquish.  She ran toward the dorms.  The only other place Greg would have taken him.  She hoped more than anything they would be there.  She paused outside the dorm to catch her breath and look back at the quad one more time as the first bomb landed.
Chapter 25

Erika flew against the side of the building from the impact of the bomb.  The pressure in the air threatened to push her into the ground and keep her there, but she managed to get to her feet and survey the destruction on campus.  Dirt flung up and landed like rain around her.  The gaping hole in the center of the quad roared with fire.  Smoke fogged around her drowning her vision.  Erika choked on the smoke and began to panic.  She had to collect herself quickly.  She had to find Brian and Greg and make sure he was safe.  There had been no warning that the bomb would fall.  She hadn’t known it would come so soon.  There had been no sound from any of the air ships.  She hadn’t seen them coming.  Had she thought to look up she might have had a few seconds warning.  The silence that had preceded the destruction was had dissipated and the sky was now crowded with threatening noises.  The roaring overhead became deafening.  She looked up to count how many air ships, but the skies had grown black with clouds.  Erika wasn’t sure if somehow she was causing the increase in clouds or if Amelia had a hand in it, but she was grateful.  Erika and the quickly crumbling Yarding needed a hand and the cloud cover would make it harder for the ships to determine their targets.   Erika caught a glimpse of an air ship above through a small break in the clouds.  It was slowly flying away from her.  A blue eagle screeching with two branches clutched in its talons, the branches curved in a near circle but never touching each other on either side of the bird.  The sign of the Eastern Union.  The government was bombing Yarding.
Erika fled up the stairs ignoring her aching lungs.  Her breathing had become ragged, but she had to hurry.  She had to save Brian before the Eastern Union squashed him and any hope she had of a future without being hunted.  She had to tell Greg that he was wrong about the prophecy.  She had to save the missing children and it ached to her core, but she had to save Yarding.  She hurried up the steps and entered Brian’s room.  Everything was emptied.  Nothing of his identity remained.  He had already fled.  Erika rushed into her room and grabbed her tablet and bag.  She filled it with a few things that would help her survive on the outside.  Clothes, her toothbrush and shampoo.  She quickly packed and ran out of her room not even turning around to say good bye.  She didn’t have time to feel nostalgic.  She rushed out of her dorm as the next wave of bombs dropped.  She had to escape with or without Greg.  The only route she could think of was the hole in the fence that Thomas had shown her.  She rushed across the campus and stopped in her tracks when she saw Greg and Brian emerging from the smoke in front of her.  She choked back her tears of relief and rushed to them.  Greg shook his head.
“Death squad has lined all of the fences outside of the campus.  We can’t get out that way.”
“No.  I just told Eileen about the attack.  I figured it out too late.”  Erika sobbed.
“You and me both kid.  Don’t worry about the PC’ers.  Thomas has his own way off campus.  We saw him and warned him on our way out.  We had to find you, but it’s too late.”  Greg said shaking his head.  He was punishing himself.
“You two aren’t psychic.  Leave through the gates with the other evacuees.  There is no other way.  You have to save him Greg, he is our savior.  You have to!”  Erika pleaded.
“No!”  Brian demanded.  “We aren’t leaving without you.”
Erika looked at Brian carefully.  The boy who left ruins in his wake was demanding that she stay by his side.  She wanted to laugh at herself because she selfishly wanted to grant it and watch the world burn around him.
“Brian you are more important than I am.”  Erika said.  The sky cracked and rain began to pour down on them.  “Besides I have an ally that won’t let any harm come to me nearby.”   Erika felt warmth flood into her heart.  She smiled.  “I can feel it.”  Her family was close.
Greg hesitated, but Erika stood steadfast.  “You two have to leave now!”  She screamed.
“I will keep him safe.”  Greg said quickly.  He grabbed Brian’s arm and they raced across the campus toward the front entrance that was left untouched by the falling bombs.
Erika watched a small aircraft lift off near her dorm and shoot off in the same direction the air ships were with the government insignia on the side.  Thomas and the others were safe.  Erika allowed herself to heave a small sigh of relief and then she began to run again.  She wasn’t sure where she was heading, but she figured the only other entrance that might be left untouched by the death squad would be the gate she had first entered Yarding through.
Erika ran through the next wave of bombs.  She anticipated where they would fall and dodged the debris.  She wasn’t sure how she was doing it, but she made it to the opposite side of the campus and stopped short.  There were death squad soldiers armed outside of the fence line pointing their weapons on campus.  Erika felt defeated.  She wasn’t sure how she would leave the campus without a fight with the death squad.  She was woefully unprepared for any form of combat.   She felt herself becoming angry and latched on to it.  She would burn the school to the ground and take the death squad with her.  Erika shut her eyes and willed herself to create an epic storm to allow her escape when she felt a hand clamp on to her shoulder.
“Come on.”  Jack said gently.
Erika opened her eyes slowly and nodded.  The wind that had picked up around her died off.  She allowed Jack to hold her hand and lead her away from the cafeteria.  She followed Jack as he led her to the library.  They didn’t run from the bombs or the sporadic fires that kept spouting up.  They walked calmly as if they were going off to study with the ancient tomes inside the giant building.  Erika moved to go inside, but Jack gently grabbed her hand and led her away from the building.  They were following the path Amelia had walked when she fled the library a few days ago.  Erika looked over at Jack in shock.  He seemed too calm and collected with everything crumbling around them.  He led her around another building and finally he paused above an ancient manhole cover.  It was part of an old sewer system.  Erika laughed at the absurdity of it all.  The school had death squad soldiers armed with guns, they were bombing the school and had security everywhere and yet they overlooked the old sewer system.  Jack popped off the top and motioned for her to enter.
Erika used the ladder and descended.  She was greeted by damp musty darkness at the bottom.  Jack descended the ladder and grabbed her hand gently.  He reached his other hand to his mouth and whistled loudly.  Erika looked at him in fear as lights began to illuminate one by one around them.  Erika looked around the empty room.  She could hear the bombs still dropping around them outside, the room shook with each bombs impact.  The tiny room they were in would collapse if they didn’t flee soon.  Even if the bombs didn’t collapse the structure in around them the death squad would figure out the old sewer system eventually.  Erika tried to pull Jack forward, but he wouldn’t budge.
“Jack come on.  This sewer isn’t going to last forever.  We have to go.”  She urged through grit teeth.
“Hello Erika.”  A sweet voice called out from the darkness.    “Don’t worry, we will be okay for a little while.”  Amelia said emerging from the shadows.
“Amelia.”  Erika said breathlessly.  She felt herself begin to panic at the sight of the mousy haired bright eyed girl, but she willed herself to calm down.  She felt her panic quickly replaced with warmth and an odd familial bond between them. “Thank you for the rain fall outside.”  Erika found herself saying gratefully.
“That wasn’t me.”  Amelia said with a giggle.
The room around them illuminated further to reveal a hallway at the end of it.  Amelia bounded across the room and stood by her.  Erika was flanked by Jack and Amelia and began to feel claustrophobic.  Amelia watched the hallway expectantly and Erika followed her gaze.  A squeaking sound echoed down the hallway and stopped as a wheelchair was pushed in by a young man.  His hair was stark white and he smiled at Erika as if she were his favorite person in the world.  He wouldn’t take his eyes off of her.  She recognized that awe inspired gaze as the same one that was on Jack’s face the other night.  Erika surveyed the wheelchair bound woman.  Her hands were clutched together over a small blue blanket while she stared at her lap.  Erika felt her head begin to buzz.  She recognized the blanket as her own when she was a child.
Erika wasn’t sure whether to run away or stay to observe this new spectacle.  She wasn’t sure what was happening, but she was sure she was in danger.  Erika surveyed the woman again and stopped at her hands.  The ring, the giant lion adorned the woman’s hand.  Erika watched the woman begin to slowly look up.  Her wild brown hair framed her worn face.  Erika watched in horror as the woman looked up at her and smiled slowly.  Amelia reached down her hand and grabbed Erika’s with a squeeze.
“Hello Erika.”  The woman said.  Another bomb fell on Yarding, this one closer.  The room shook as Erika looked at her mother in a wheelchair.
“But I watched you die.”  Erika managed to say.
Serilee smiled kindly and nodded her head.  She held out her ringed hand for Erika.  Erika wanted to turn around, but there was no escape for her anymore.  She was burdened with her conflicting wants.  She wanted to run to her mother and throw herself in her arms and she wanted to flee the newfound danger she was facing.  Her mother was the face of the worst terrorist group the world had ever known and yet she was her mother, the person she had spent the last few months desperately searching for.  Erika stepped forward toward Serilee.
“Don’t!”  Jack yelled, but collapsed to the ground holding his head in pain.
Erika rushed to his side.  “What is happening?”  She screamed.  Serilee held up her hand to the white haired man behind her.  Jack stopped still on the ground.  “Is this how you greet me?  You torture the people that I love?  Is this how you earn my trust?”  Erika demanded.
“I was hoping the fact that I was your mother was enough to earn your trust, but I see you are an impetuous child.  You can either come with us or stay here and die with the death squad.”  Serilee said unrelenting.
Erika placed Jacks head in her lap.  She ran her fingers through his hair.  “It's okay.”  She said to him gently.  She felt herself becoming angry, but she couldn’t lash out.  There were three of them and only one of her.  Whether she was the most powerful psychic Thomas had known of or not she knew she was no match for her mother.   The room rattled with another bomb and Amelia reached down and gently touched Erika’s shoulder.
“We really do need to go or we will all be crushed.”  She offered gently.
Erika didn’t move.  She cradled Jack in her lap and refused to acknowledge any of them.
“For goodness sakes.  I see you have grown more stubborn through the years.  Lance, take care of him.”  Serilee ordered.
Erika held Jack tighter while Lance approached them.  He maintained his star struck gaze on her as he approached stopping in front of Jack.  He wiped his hand over Jack’s forehead and Jack woke up with a start.  He looked around in a panic and finally found Erika’s face.
“Erika!  Where are we?” He asked hurriedly.
“There’s no time.  We have to go!”  Amelia pleaded.
Jack rushed to his feet and took a fighting stance.  Amelia rolled her eyes and pulled Erika forward.  Lance grabbed Serilee’s wheelchair and began to push her down the hallway.
“Stop.”  Serilee demanded.
Everyone stopped in place at her command.  Jack dropped his stance and took a step away from her.  He was afraid of this frail woman.  The whole room seemed to be.  Erika willed herself not to rebel against Serilee’s command.  She was dangerous and somehow still alive.  Serilee smiled at her daughter.  She gripped the edge of her wheel chair and hoisted herself to a standing position.  She opened her arms looking at her daughter.
“Please, come give your mother a hug.”  She said, nearly begging, with tears dotted in her eyes.
Erika dropped Amelia’s hand and crossed the room slowly and fell happily into her mother’s open embrace.
###
About the author:

Sara B. Lane was born in Ukiah, California and was raised in the Sacramento area.  She has been writing since the age of 4, when she created her own language since she hadn’t learned the alphabet yet.  When she turned 30 she felt the fire of writing in herself and had to let the story out.

http://www.sarablane.com
https://twitter.com/SaraBLane
https://www.facebook.com/sara.lane

