
Bring Your PJs

by David J. Wighton

Book #27 in the Wilizy Series

Smashwords Edition
Copyright 2020, David J. Wighton

This e-book is licensed for your personal enjoyment only. This e-book may not be re-sold or given away to other people. If you would like to share this book with another person, please purchase an additional copy for each recipient. If you’re reading this book and did not purchase it, or it was not purchased for your use only, then please return to your favorite retailer and purchase your own copy. 
Although this e-book might be sold at no cost to the reader at times, I retain ownership of the copyright and may elect to charge a small amount for its purchase at times. 
Thank you for respecting my copyright. 
Acknowledgements

Cover design by Rita Toews at E-Book Covers, East St. Paul, Manitoba.


Parent and Reader Advisory

This book describes Californian citizens and its government in an unflattering way. That description is fictional. No insult to Californians was intended. The fictional California does not resemble the real California in any way.
Non-Wilizy Characters

Heaven and Angelion
• 	Guinny, Galahad, Paula, Lillian, Keely, and Joe-Joe. 
• 	Alan Turing and Isaac Newton.
• 	Shields and other crew members of the Angelion.52.
•	Commodore Ritchit.

California
• Pancha Villa, Zavier Reynoldo, Cooper Rivera, and Addison. 
Table of Contents
Chapter 1
Chapter 2
Chapter 3
Chapter 4 
Chapter 5 
Chapter 6 
Chapter 7
Chapter 8
Chapter 9
Chapter 10 
Chapter 11 
Chapter 12 
Chapter 13 
Chapter 14 
Chapter 15 
Chapter 16 
Chapter 17 
Chapter 18 
Chapter 19 
Chapter 20 
Chapter 21 
Chapter 22 
Chapter 23 
Chapter 24 
Chapter 25 
Chapter 26 
Chapter 27 
Chapter 28 
Chapter 29 
Chapter 30
Chapter 31
Books in the Wilizy Series
About the Author: David J. Wighton
Chapter 1

It was the first week of July, 2093. After three days of enjoying her holiday from heavenly assignments, Winnie was bored. She decided to check in with her crew and her family, if only from a distance. Here are her discoveries and what she thought about them. 
Paula and Cassie are off somewhere exploring the spirit world.
Meghan is on an extended leave of absence from Heaven so that she can be at home with daughter. Right now, she's playing hide and seek with her. Soon, she'll change into her devil body, catch a crook, and begin building up her house-buying fund so that she and her sister can live together more comfortably. She appears to be very happy.
Kashmira and Mathias are picking out baby furniture. Kashmira looks to be about six months pregnant.
Theo and Nary have a house in Montana now. She also is pregnant and Marie is flying high. Perhaps this time, Nary will give birth to a mortal baby. [Wheelchair Moccasins #10]
Not to be outdone, Wizard and Dreamer are also living in Montana. Dreamer is walking around like a wounded elephant that is about to burst. Perhaps having babies is overrated.
I don't need to check in with Reese and Karita to know what they're doing. It's a weekend. That means they'll be in bed most of the day. Do I want to interrupt that? I don't think so.
Cowboy and Bean are both working right now, but books scattered around the living room suggest that family planning is being discussed. Here's one on How to Raise Normal Children in Today's World. Good luck getting normal children in the Wilizy family.
Maddy is in the middle of a scrum of 13-year old baseball players who are hopping up and down in one giant jump fest to celebrate her grand slam home run. She certainly isn't lonely. [Narrator: A grand slam homerun means her team had base runners on all three bases. The grand slam cleared those bases and the team scored four runs with one swing of the bat. I have been told that it's quite rare.] 
Doc is in a conference with Lucas, Lylah, and Lohla about family planning. Granny and Guinny are at home hooting and hollering about something exceptionally funny and gross.
Melissa, Mac, and Yollie are at home with their families, doing family stuff.
Stu, Momaka, mom, and dad are playing a card game called Canasta that requires a lot of laughing. 
Liset is babysitting and appears to be enjoying herself. 
Everybody had somebody to share their life with. Even Lillian and Joe-Joe have each other. I have the memories of Lancelot and Arthur. These memories are not particularly comforting. 
...
What to do? 
...
I could troll through more speed dating opportunities. Yeech.
...
What to do? 
...
I could work out in the gym. But why? Lillian said that I shouldn't expect to have any operations in Hell while the Crumpet Land tourism caper unfolds.
... 
What to do? 
...
Skate and swim? By myself. Why?
...
What to do? 
...
I could try to learn how to read two screens at a time. Guinny had said that she'd help me. But Guinny is busy with Granny and she doesn't appear as though she'll be coming back to Heaven any time soon. Besides, I have no interest in reading one page of data at a time, let alone two. 
...
What to do? 
...
I could play poker against a computer. I could hack into it and program it to ask me out for a date. At least the computer won't betray me.
...
I gotta stop thinking about men and relationships. That's just not going to happen for me. Angels are out of the question. Men on Earth are out of the question cause I'll never be able to meet a good one let along have a lasting relationship. My life will go like this:
 Where are you off to, Sweetie?
I'm sneaking into Hell as piece of fluff to fight against some devils, Honey. I'll be back in six months or so.
Yeah, that would work.
...
What to do?
... 
I could hang out with Galahad. 
Galahad is nice but he's an angel and he shows no interest in being with me. Nor should he. He's an angel, dummy. Why would he be interested in a mortal? Galahad became a little frosty when I teased him about being on a date with me. Apparently, an angel who is being friendly with me could find himself in front of a court martial. So, no Galahad. Besides, he's away from Heaven training his men to do something that requires training.
...
What to do?
... 
Reese lived on his own and had learned to like it. I could become a hermit. Question: What do hermits do when they're all by themselves?
Answer: I don't know. What does Wikipedia say?
...
Apparently, hermits meditate. I could do that.
...
What to do? 
...
Some hermits write books. I know how to write. What would I write about? 
...
I could write about the operations I've had with the family and with Heaven.
...
Yeah, like somebody would read a book like that. What to do?
...
Reese's cave had those wonderful colors. I shouldn't give up so quickly on the meditation idea. How do you meditate?
...
Wikipedia doesn't tell you how to meditate. 
...
Here's something. All I have to do stare at a candle flame and listen to myself breathe. Reese's cave has those wonderful lights. I could stare at them. How hard could that be? 

Back to the Table of Contents

Chapter 2 

"Why would I want to have a meeting with the white supremacist governor of Colorado?" Mayor Pancha Villa asked her aide. 
[Narrator: My readers have encountered Pancha Villa a number of times, most recently in Book #20, Lock Up Your Cornstarch. She was the money grubbing, power hungry, descendent of the notorious Pancho Villa of Mexico. Ms. Villa ran for election to the office of Sacramento's mayor by promoting brown supremacy as a way to eliminate all those pesky white people in Sacramento. The Wilizy managed to prevent many white people from dying, but couldn't prevent her from becoming mayor. This was in March 2090. It's now Monday, July 6, 2093.]
"It would be a private meeting, Mayor," her aide reassured. "Nobody except your staff and Governor Stookenhap's staff would know about it."
"It's still risky. This is an election year after all."
[Ms. Villa had run for Mayor of Sacramento as a step towards becoming the governor of California. Promoting hatred of somebody else is always a good secret strategy when running for a political position. You certainly wouldn't want to be honest. Most citizens would feel awkward about voting for an aspiring politician who admitted that she was only running for governor so that she would have more power and wealth and they could expect her to do anything she could do to win. Mind you, such persons had been elected before. Still, conventional political punditry suggests that an aspiring politician should promise to give her constituents something that would be appealing to them, even if she had no intentions of following through with the promise. Something that had the word 'free' in front of it often works.] 
"Your Honor, Governor Stookenhap has been focusing on expanding Colorado's economy so that they aren't reliant on their cattle businesses. He probably wants to meet with you for economic reasons and will not want supremacy issues to intrude. You could at least hear him out."
"What's in it for me?"
[This is always the first thought that comes to the political underclass when they are confronted by a question. I think of politicians as an 'underclass.' just like underwear is. Always there, and always squeezing uncomfortably.]
"During the election, you will be able to claim that you had engaged in talks with Governor Stookenhap to discuss ways that both Colorado and California could prosper from closer ties. You could even suggest in your meeting with him that California might be interested in engaging in more trade with Colorado, assuming you can ignore the fact that he represents a white supremacist state."
"After the election is over, I could decide to drop the whole idea."
"Yes. Any benefit you will receive from this meeting will come before the election. You will want to mention this meeting in your rallies to show California voters that you can be a diplomat and will confer with other states in order to bring wealth and prosperity to your people no matter how abhorrent they are."
[You my be wondering about that reference 'no matter how abhorrent they are.' In Villa's mind, who was abhorrent? The governor of Colorado or her own citizens? In this case, she made no distinction between them. Villa came first; everybody else came last. Mind you, this type of sociopathic politician had existed only before 2030 when the law about politicians having to work for free was enacted. In 2035, politicians threw that law out. That five year interval is known as the 'happy years.’] 
"So I promise to give my citizens more trade and then find an excuse to drop it."
"Right." 
"I'll call it free trade. Set up a meeting for tomorrow. Let's see how anxious they are to talk."
 # # # # # # # # 
While political chicanery was on the menu in California, Galahad's angels on the orbiting Angelion.52 were enjoying a different menu. Artificial sunshine. You could say that they were having a light meal. 
 Here's the background on that. As you know, the engines of the Angelion.52 were powered by the sun. Those engines received the raw unfiltered power of the nearest sun and converted some of it to energy that would propel the ship to its destination. A portion of that power went into the ship's storage cells. These would become necessary if the Angelion.52 left its current orbit close to Earth's sun and travelled to a distant location. Yes, that travel could be reasonably fast because of the warp drive, but those engines still required energy and a sun wouldn't be close enough to them to provide it directly. The storage cells also had to provide energy to the ship's equipment and sunlight to the ship's crew. Right now, after twelve hours of drills on replacing (fake) damaged solar receptors on the exterior of the Angelion.52, Galahad's angels needed to soak up some sunlight. All were resting on their bunks basking under bright lights powered by the ship's engines and were sound asleep. Those angels were fortunate that they had sunlight and weren't meditating in a dark cave somewhere on Earth. 

Back to the Table of Contents
Chapter 3

Narrator Interlude: 
Galahad's command consisted of a platoon of Special Ops specialists and the crew of the Angelion.52. The platoon of thirty angels was led by a commander (Galahad), a major, a lieutenant, two sergeants, and twenty-five privates. Normally, in other militaries, a lieutenant would be given command of a single platoon like this. However, given the relatively small size of the Christian Soldiers military force, and the wide-ranging threats that the Special Ops forces would face, Galahad was considered a senior officer in the Christian Soldiers. 
 The five senior-most members of the Angelion.52's crew filled the following duties: Captain, Navigator, Weapons, Shields, and Engineer. When addressing these members, one would call them by their role, as in ' Shields' or 'Engineer.' No reference would be made to their military rank, which made them somewhat unique in the Christian Soldiers military force. Galahad had pushed for this kind of communication so that his orders would be clear and quick. When you're traveling at warp speed in a spaceship that is your only sole source of oxygen for the next six hours, you don't want to be messing around with long introductions. 'Weapons, fire at will!' is clear and quick. 
 Each ship's officer had an enlisted angel capable of stepping into the position if necessary. You may notice the absence of a medic. The officer responsible for the ship's shields had some medical training, but not much. Injuries in space ships can become fatal very quickly. The guiding principle to follow at all times was 'Don't get injured.'
Galahad had told Winnie that a competition had been held to determine who would fill the position of being her protector, a competition that he claimed he had lost. This was not exactly true. Yes, there had been a competition. Joe-Joe, in his position as senior-most officer in the Christian Soldiers, had given all four of the commanders of the Christian Soldiers (Land, Air, Sea, and Special Ops) a challenge in 2080. What would you do to better prepare the Christian Soldiers for the challenges of the 22nd century? At that time, Joe-Joe was also the commander of Special Ops. He gave his youngish major the responsibility of answering that question for the Special Ops forces. That major was Galahad, 
For centuries, Special Ops had focused on defending Heaven from Hell. Joe-Joe had always considered the best defense to be an aggressive offense, which meant sorties into Hell when they had the chance. Galahad had argued that Heaven should be prepared to defend Heaven (and Earth) from space as well. Earth was on the periphery of the Cosmos. If hostile forces suddenly appeared in the solar system, Heaven would have to rely on the Cops of the Cosmos' Enterprise.3 and a patrol ship from the home planet (Angelion.52) to act as a deterrent. The crew of the home planet's ship would not be enthusiastic defenders. The Cops of the Cosmos' Enterprise.3 would not be able to hold them off long enough for emergency response ships from the Cosmos to arrive in time. 
Looking into the next century, Galahad had argued successfully that a space borne Special Ops force would be an absolute necessity. Heaven needed its own space ship crewed by it own angels if nothing more than to keep an eye on Hell's attempts to create a space ship contingent. 
In 2080, the crewmembers of the Angelion.52 were angels from the home planet's military forces. They were not happy to be assigned to a primitive world, an assignment that gave them nothing to do for the six-month duration of their duty. Every crewmember assigned to this duty went back to Angelion complaining bitterly about the primitive nature of Earth and yes, even Heaven. When those crews took up other duties in and around Angelion, those complaints accompanied them. Galahad's paper pointed out the long-term effects of this negative image that Heaven/Earth were getting throughout the Cosmos. If Earth did manage to reach civilization status, they'd face prejudiced pre-judgment. Earth was now technologically close to civilization status. It would be best for Earth/Heaven in the 22nd century if Heaven's Special Ops assumed command over the smallest space ship in Angelion's fleet, namely the Angelion.52. Joe-Joe declared Galahad's paper the winner of his contest and negotiated a transfer of military assets with Angelion that would take place at the end of the 2081. So, Galahad had indeed won that contest, but it had nothing to do with Guinevere.
During 2081, the Angelion-based crews gave Galahad's special op soldiers a crash course [a term that does not carry positive images] in flying, repairing, navigating, and essentially not crashing the Angelion.52. By the beginning of 2091, all of Galahad's angels were capable of executing normal Special Ops duties as well as one or two crew duties in the Angelion.52. Notably, nobody in Special Ops had any experience or knowledge of how to go into battle in this ship. They could chase away teenagers hot-rodding around with their parents' private space ships. They could bar entry to commercial tourist companies wanting to give their customers a look at primitive humans in their earthly zoo. They could even intimidate the crew of a trident class spaceship, but a pair of armed space gophers could do that. But space battles? No experience whatsoever. 
When Joe-Joe decided that he needed to give Winnie a protector, it was natural that he would give that position of honor to his Special Ops commander, Galahad, who had won the aforementioned competition. Protecting an angel named Guinevere would bring honor to the Special Ops angels. Galahad had not been seeking that position. If he had had a choice at the time, he would have turned it down. 

Back to the Table of Contents
Chapter 4

In their second day in space, Galahad kept his command inside the Angelion.52. For their first six hours, he kept them busy finding and fixing oxygen leaks, equipment malfunctions, and power failures, all of which were faked but still needed to be repaired. In the second six hours, all enlisted crew received turns at being senior crew and were responsible for various assignments. For example, plotting a course to the far side of the moon, firing weapons at targets released from the ship, navigating the ship to pick up a crewmember floating in an escape pod. While other angels were waiting their turn, or were finished with their turn, they played poker in the mess. 
They ended this month's training at midnight heavenly time with Galahad himself nudging the ship into position where all but a skeleton crew could use the transportation portal to return to base. The others headed off to a bed in the barracks. Galahad reported to the duty officer that Special Ops was now back in Heaven and he also enjoyed a deep and enjoyable sleep in the barracks back in Heaven's gravity. 
 # # # # # # # # 
In California, Governor Stookenhap has just arrived at Sacramento's government house by copter. Mayor Villa and her chief of staff, Zavier Reynaldo, were present to welcome them. Accompanying Governor Stookenhap were his wife (Sheila), her own chief of staff, Jane Macintosh, and the copter pilot. The mayor's security detail observed the guests from windows and roofs but remained uninvolved as Mayor Villa showed her guests the gardens. The copter pilot was not introduced, but he left the copter and followed Governor Stookenhap at a respectable distance. Reynaldo noticed, but did not remark about the governor's pilot being brown skinned. He figured the pilot had been imported to impress the mayor. No brown skinned pilots would find any job in white Colorado let alone on the First Lady's staff. 
The tour of the garden completed, the guests now entered the public portions of Government house. The pilot sauntered behind, taking pictures with some form of camera. As the tour entered the private sections of Government House, Sheila stopped holding the governor's hand and dropped back a few paces to give them some privacy to talk. The two chiefs of staff saw that and slowed down as well so that they wouldn't crowd the first lady. Nobody noticed that the pilot had become very busy with his camera and was wandering around the rooms touching things. 
The tour of Government House now complete, Stookenhap and Villa reversed course and headed on a direct route to the main boardroom. They collected Sheila and the two chiefs of staff along the way. As they left the private section of the mansion, Sheila turned her head and looked back to see where the pilot had gone. The pilot was following dutifully. He ran his index finger across his throat, a gesture that did not mean that he was wondering if anybody had any lozenges to soothe a sour throat. Sheila immediately picked up her pace, joined her husband, put her hand in his, and whispered something to him. When they arrived at the door to the boardroom, Stook suggested a change of venue.
"I wonder Mayor, your gardens are so beautiful, could we have our meeting outside? I'm sure we would have ample privacy. Sheila and Mac can stay here inside the building."
That request was easily granted. Naturally, Reynaldo had to stay as well. Sheila turned around to find the pilot. This time, he flashed four fingers at her and then ten fingers. She joined Reynaldo and Mac who were standing in the main entranceway looking at the artwork on the ceiling. 
"Zavier, I hope you don't mind me calling you by your first name, but would you care to join me and Mac at the far wall? I have a question to ask you. The acoustics are better over there."
Well, yes this part of government hall did have a bit of an echo, so Reynaldo had no reservations in moving to the wall where the pilot was lounging against the wall.
"Zavier, I hope you don't mind me being blunt, but I knew that, as the mayor's chief of staff, you would probably record this meeting. Not for any nefarious reasons, I'm sure. But Colorado can't take the chance of a recording of our secret meeting accidentally slipping out. We expected the boardroom to be bugged and it was. The gardens were not bugged and that is why the governor asked for a change of venue. I can, and I will, withhold this serious breech of protocol from the governor so that his discussions with your mayor will go smoothly. We don't want your bad judgment to influence the discussions that we will think will benefit both states. But tell me, why would you do such a stupid thing? Were you ordered to do this? We found three other bugs in the public space as well."
Reynaldo's look told all. He couldn't even articulate a denying statement. Even the worst politician of all time was never caught without any words. Stoopid words, yes. But words of denial at least.
"You didn't know," Sheila changed her question to a statement.
Reynaldo managed a negative shake of his head. He had now reached the point in his thinking where he remembered that he was in charge of the mayor's security, His job, and perhaps his life, would last a few minutes longer at best after the mayor found out about the bugs.
"I guess that means that you didn't know about the ten bugs that are in her private section of the mansion either."
[Nope, he didn't.] 
Then, a little political savvy kicked in. The first lady might be lying. "Where are these bugs?" he asked. 
Sheila turned to the pilot and said, "Show the man the bugs, Addison."
Addison took off her cap and shook her long black curly locks free. "Addison is a security consultant that we hire from time to time to check the security of the governor's mansion. For obvious colorful reason, she cannot be a permanent member of our staff. She can find any bug."
[She can also find bugs that aren't bugs, but those skills weren't listed on her resume.]
Addison gave her cap to Reynaldo, held up her camera, and said, "This is a bug detector. Follow me."
The person, or organization, that had installed the bugs had a most impressive collection of items that one would never think could be a bug. A button, for example. A crinkle of wire. A paper clip. All of these went from their hiding places into Addison's cap that Reynaldo was holding. The three bugs that were in the governor's bedroom were particularly inventive and especially worrisome due to their location where certain intimacy considerations might come into play. 
"How do I know that these are bugs? They don't look like bugs."
[Well, on that, Reynaldo was making a good point.] 
Addison had an easy way to prove they were bugs. "Take three of these, Reynaldo. Hide one somewhere in the mayor's bedroom, hide another in the dining room, and hide the third in your office. Before you hide each bug, say something out loud that is particularly creative and unique. The bug will record it. The three of us will stay here."
[But the fourth person in Stook's three-person entourage wouldn't.]
 # # # # # # # # 
 The mayor's bedroom was the first place that Addison took Reynaldo, Sheila, and Mac. [Melissa's role as the invisible bug companion in this particular show was now over and she was sitting in a tree in the Mayor's garden listening intently to Stook obfuscate. The word 'obfuscate' in common folk language means to deliberately confuse or obscure. In political circles, this is known as talking.] 
Addison used the camera to scan the entire bedroom. After one full scan, she again used the camera to walk directly to a little padded settee. She fished around under the pillow and pulled out a button. Installing a pair of plugs in her ears, she attached an exposed wire to the button and listened intently to the bug spilling its guts. 
"Zavier, you said She'll never find this here."
"That's what I said," Reynaldo marveled. 
I won't bother describing what happened with the other two fake bugs. You know how that's going to turn out. You may want to start forming an opinion on the astuteness of a political aide who thinks that She'll never find this here is creative and unique. 
They ended the search for bugs in Reynaldo's office. Mac was holding the cap with its hefty collection of bugs. Seeing the open door to Reynaldo's personal bathroom, she announced that she'd flush the bugs down the toilet and did so before he could stop her. 
Sheila asked if they could sit down and have a little chat. Reynaldo took the chair behind the desk, Sheila and Mac took the two chairs in front of the desk, and Addison took a position by the door. Reynaldo assumed that she wasn't allowed to sit next to a white person; actually, she was listening for any footsteps approaching the office that would quickly terminate this meeting.
"Colorado is interested in having a free trade agreement with California," Sheila opened. "But, if my husband found out how weak your security is in this mansion, he wouldn't even consider it. There'd be too much chance of the news of our confidential agreement leaking out prematurely."
Reynaldo nodded. He had kissed that agreement bye-bye already.
Turning to face Mac, Sheila said. "Of course, after he tells Mayor Villa about the bugs that Addison found, we might be able to work with her new aide." [Sheila probably forgot that Reynaldo was sitting right next to her.]
Reynaldo nodded again. That scenario had also played through his mind. At least the new aide part.
"It has to be the Mexicans," Mac revealed to Sheila. "I've seen those bugs before. They tried this with our government house too."
Reynaldo nodded. [Dirty rotten scoundrels.]
"I remember that. Addison, did you ever find any Mexico bugs again?"
"Yes. They were quite persistent. I just never told you."
"It's unfortunate that Zavier has to lose his job because of the dirty rotten Mexicans. Do you have a generous retirement plan, Zavier?"
"My employer will cover my burial costs."
Mac's hand rose to her throat in response to such ghastly news. Sheila's hand made it to her mouth. Addison was content to watch two pros at work. 
"That's just not right," Sheila outraged.
"Now that you know what their bugs look like, could you find them the next time the Mexicans sneak past your security? They'd probably be disguised as workmen." Mac had the handy hint on how to find brown skinned spies in a city full of brown-skinned people.
"I'd need the camera." 
Sheila cold-watered that possibility. "That camera is Addison's personal property. She makes her living with that camera. You have zero chance of her giving that to you. Plus, you don't know how to operate it." 
Addison took her camera off Reynaldo's desk and placed it protectively in a deep pocket. 
 "Well Mac, this is none of our business. We should find Stook and Mayor Villa. They're probably wondering where we are."
Stook certainly was. He was running dry on obfuscation and was relying now on bureaucratize. Mayor Villa had already agreed that the aides should have a meeting to draw up some formal papers. Those papers needed a lot of clauses that Stook was inventing. 
"Addison, thank you for your help. We'll send you your money in the usual manner. Are you still using the fake name and address in Bakersfield?"
"Yes, Mac."
"You're from California?" Reynaldo rallied. 
"Si, claro." [Yes, certainly.] 
"You speak Spanish like a native." 
"Si, claro." 
"Have you lived in California for a long time?"
"Tres generaciones." [Three generations.]
"Te gustaría un trabajo?" [Would you like a job?]
"I'm very expensive." 
"Money will not be an issue. How does the job of Head of Security sound?"
"I won't kill people. I won't sleep with you. Everything else is negotiable."
 # # # # # # # # 
Later that day... "Wanda, we've had our meeting. Everything went fine. Operation CA CO is now a go. Start cutting every piece of wood you can cut."
"That's good news, Mac. I've been hiring and I'm ready. Where do I send the invoices?"
"Colorado government: Attention Sheila Stookenhap."
 # # # # # # # # 
Later that same day.
"We have a tentative agreement with Mexico, Mac."
"Cowboy, that's great. How'd you swing that? I thought we would be forced to put the trade port in Colorado."
"The Wilizy built up a lot of good will when we took out the Sidewinders Biker Gang in 2088. [Second Base, #13.] The Mexicans think that they owe us. Plus, they don't like what is happening in California. They don't want a brown supremacist state on their northern border. They welcome all colors into their country."
"You told them what we'd be doing about that?"
"In rough terms as you outlined to me."
"What did they give us?"
"Tijuana. They hate that place. To start with, it was the Sidewinders home base and was always a druggie haven. Plus, Tijuana has a historical image of Mexicans trying desperately to leave Mexico to work in the US. Mexico has one of the strongest economies in North America now. They don't want that blot on their history to be the way people think of Mexico. They've let Tijuana become a ghost town because they consider that town tainted."
 "Terms?"
"You'll love this."
"I already love this."
"They've agreed to provide the labor and the materials for the new buildings that will remain behind after we leave. We will provide lumber, framing, and take care of the finishing carpentry. They will provide staff for the large mess hall that they'll be building. If it's necessary to repair or augment the town's electrical and water infrastructure, they will do that. They will allow us to put a Colorado flag in their territory and to use Tijuana as Colorado's customs port of entry and exit without charge. At the end of three years, we will take away the Colorado flag and the land, town, and buildings will officially be designated as Mexican territory again. We can extend that three year deadline if we wish." 

Back to the Table of Contents
Chapter 5 

"Reese, somebody is knocking on the door. You should open it." Karita's voice was heavy with sleep.
"Wha?"
"Somebody is at the door. You gotta let them in. I can't go on deck like this." Karita rolled over and tried to push Reese out of the bed.
"What time is it?"
"REESE, OPEN THE DOOR."
"I don't know. It's a guy. He's not going away."
"REESE, OPEN THE DOOR."
Reese scrabbled out of bed. "This is an invisible ship sailing high in the sky, Karita. Nobody should be able to find us. Put your sling on."
"REESE, OPEN THE DOOR." The instructions were now accompanied by a loud banging. "I know you're in there."
Reese clambered up the stairs in his sleeping shorts and sling, still befuddled by sleep. He had activated his weapon array however.
"Reese I can hear you coming. Don't laser me. I'm a friend."
"Who are you?"
"I was at your wedding. I was the witness. Open up. I've come about Winnie."
 # # # # # # # # 
"I don't know where she could be." Reese responded to Galahad's question. "Have you tried Montana?"
"No. We'd be able to see her and communicate with her if she were anywhere on Earth." 
"Then, she's in Heaven."
"She's not. Again, we'd be able see her and communicate with her." 
"Where else could she be? Hell?"
"She's not on assignment and that's the only way she'd be in Hell. She's on leave, but she's not responding to our calls. "
"How long has she been missing?"
"I don't know exactly. I've been away from Heaven. A couple of days? Less than a week for sure."
"Could she be where you were?"
"No. That would be impossible."
"Would you point that thing somewhere else?" Karita asked. "What is it anyway?" Karita was bundled inside a long canvas raincoat that was the first thing that she found in the dark in her closet.
"It's a shoulder-launched, steel penetrating, heat seeking missile. I had to use its heat detector to find your two body signatures. Once I had those, I could feel the ship with my hands and climb aboard." Galahad carefully placed the missile launcher in the living room on the floor by the sofa.
"Was she in trouble? Was she unhappy?" Reese asked.
"No. We had just finished a successful operation. Everybody was given a long leave as a reward."
"Your communications network can reach any place on Earth, right?" Reese with the question.
"Yes, for the most part. She would respond to any of our messages. She had no reason not to."
"So, she has to be unconscious," Karita concluded.
"Our slings have a failsafe mechanism that kicks in if one of us in a sling and falls, or becomes unconscious. I would have heard by now if she had triggered that mechanism."
"Reese, what about the sling's GPS finder?"
 "Good idea, Karita."
... 
"I can't see her sling."
"So, she has to be unconscious in her angel body," Galahad concluded.
"Does Heaven have its own version of a GPS finder?"
"Yes, something equivalent at least. We'd be able to see her."
"Where does that finder fail?"
"Everywhere in Hell. Possibly in the grottos that are deep caverns, but I've already looked there. She used to go to the grottos to watch the colors."
"Reese, your cave is deep. It has colors too."
"Can you give me the coordinates?"
"I can take you there."
"But not as quickly as I can get there. Coordinates?"
"Let me read them off."
"Take care of my heat seeking missile for me. Don't push any buttons, pull any triggers, or .. just don't touch it at all." 
 # # # # # # # # 
Galahad found Winnie deep in Reese's cave as you have expected. She was sitting cross-legged on the cave floor. Galahad found a pulse and then he checked her eyes with a small light. Her eyes were open, but unfocused. They did not react to the light. When he started to pull her up off the floor, she moaned in pain, but did not awake. He scooped her up in her cross-legged position and portalled to the military hospital in Heaven. The duty doctor and nurse wheeled her away, still in that position. Galahad turned as they disappeared behind the swinging doors and found Joe-Joe glaring at him.
"What the Hell happened, Commander?"
Galahad snapped to attention. "I don't know, Sir."
"Why weren't you protecting her?"
"I was on a training mission in space, Sir. I booked off as required. She was officially on leave."
"If she were in your care, what would you do, Commander?"
"Warm bathes to unfreeze her legs, Sir."
"And her lack of response to a stimulus?"
"This is consistent with Angelion's genetic curse, Sir. She has shown these tendencies twice before. I logged the incidents as required, Sir."
"What's the cure for this genetic curse, Commander?"
"I don't know if one exists, Sir."
"I don't know either."
"Did we have a warning, Sir?"
"Lillian's boards showed green for her and all of her crew. They still do." 

Back to the Table of Contents
Chapter 6

It was Sunday, four days after Galahad had pounded on Reese and Karita's deck door. Galahad's missile launcher was still in the living room, but his delay in picking it up was understandable, as you'll find out. On his request, Keely had messaged Reese that Winnie was back in Heaven and Reese shouldn't worry about her. 
Sunday was a special day for Reese. Hell had its Beezleday. Reese and Karita had a day too. For them, Sunday in the skies over London was sex day. This Sunday, they had enjoyed their wake up sex, which consisted of a quick bout of passion followed by another hour of sleep. Then, they had re-enjoyed their early morning sex which was followed soon afterwards by the re-re-enjoyment of mid morning sex. Right now, they were in the galley having lunch. This would be followed by the re-re-re enjoyment of early afternoon sex, which would.... I'm sure you get my drift. I'm running out of re-'s. 
Both Reese and Karita were wearing long flannelette nightgowns and sandals. Karita was also wearing a thick pair of gray woolen socks and a blue woolen pullover sweater. Sailing ships tend to be draughty and it can be cold when you're flying high in the sky. They had a space heater in the bedroom, but kitchen time could be shiver time. 
Karita was standing over the stove scrambling an egg for herself. She already had cooked four slices of bacon, two of which Reese was already eating. Two slices of bread were in the toaster and a small dish of frozen blueberries was thawing and would be ready by the time the toast popped. 
Reese's breakfast was much easier to prepare. He made himself peanut butter sandwiches. Karita was trying to wean him off the peanut butter and knowing that he liked bacon too, she had given him two slices with the assumption he would have a bacon sandwich instead. Reese wasn't on the same menu page. He had added another piece of bread and was now working on a triple-decker sandwich with peanut butter and bacon as the fillings. Whenever he had one of his triple-decker sandwiches, they had an understanding. Reese would stand over the sink where crumbs and other debris would collect. Also, he would position himself so that Karita couldn't see anything that he was doing by the sink. For those of you who have peanut butter sandwiches, heavy on the peanut butter, you will appreciate that Reese might not have much room in his mouth to say much. He certainly wouldn't win any handsome contests.
"Reese, I've been thinking, you know how we have a lot of sex on Sundays..."
"Yummm." That could have been a response to the reference to lots of sex, or the peanut butter genes talking. It's hard to know with Reese.
"...and you know how the two sessions of afternoon sex are great but by the time that we get to the evening sex, well, we're both tired and all we really want to do is go to sleep, at least that's what I want to do."
"Arrumph?" Reese's head jerked up on that confession. She didn't like evening sex?
"So I was thinking that we could skip afternoon sex...."
"Mrrrrrrrr." A shiver of fear took charge of Reese's body. Or it could have been a draft of cold air. Skip afternoon sex? What would they do instead?"
"... and we could go for a walk instead or visit a museum. Or they have ballets on Sunday afternoon and I've always wanted to see one. We could do a different outing each Sunday afternoon."
"Mmmmugh." Reese was almost choking now. He started chewing harder, trying to swallow the paste that had built up and was getting nowhere fast. 
"What do you think?"
"Mrrxhs. Rshtlw sbhe."
"That's sweet. I'm so happy that you agree. We'll take a walk this afternoon as soon as you've finished your lunch." With that, Karita kissed Reese on his cheek, which was still bulging, and sat down at the table and began to eat. Daintily.
"Arrumpphh sndsrsf dlges."
"You're welcome, Reese. I'm glad you like the idea. Our before bed sex will be way better now." 
"Yummm."
 # # # # # # # # 
It was a typical June Sunday afternoon in London. The rain was horizontal and streams of water were pouring down the streets. Reese and Karita had seen these conditions when they landed and had quickly added rain gear to their clothes. Rain gear meant yellow rubber gumboots that the English called Wellingtons or wellies after some duke guy named Wellington who made them popular. These boots were comfortable to wear if you had feet that didn't need warmth. Both Karita and Reese had added a thin sheaf of insulation to keep their feet warm. The boots came up to mid shin. They also wore a yellow rain proof set of pants that reached to their ankles. The pants had a pair of suspenders over their shoulders that kept their pants at waist level. A yellow rain proof jacket covered their upper body. They also wore a yellow rain hat that could be fastened tight to their head with a cord. This rain gear was exactly what fishermen wore when they were at sea in the middle of a storm. Karita had copied them from the front page of the morning newspaper that had a picture of fishermen in a fishing boat that was climbing a massive wave. The headline was: Hurricane force winds due to reach Britain today. She hadn't shared that picture and headline with Reese. One way or the other, she was going to be outside the ship today. 
"Let's duck in here," she said as a couple of fish swam by looking for a fisherman to catch and eat. Two ducks followed them looking for drowning hunters. One quick blow with their bill and they'd quack up.
"What is this place? I haven't been able to see hardly anything with rain hitting my face and dripping down the inside of my rain gear."
Yes, Reese had found one of the weaknesses of that rain gear. That stream of water coming off the face and sweat build up could mean that the wearer could become soaked from the inside out. 
"This is soooo good, Reese. We're feeling nature at its rawest."
"Let's go inside this building and we can feel nature at its warmest and driest."
A split second later, Reese and Karita were wearing inside clothes. 
"It's a hospital," Karita identified. "Let's pretend to be a doctor and nurse."
That took another split second.
"Now what?"
"There's a bad guy in the hospital. We have to find him."
"Bad as in a killer?"
"I don't know yet. I will use my superwoman skills to find him. Follow me, Watson."
"Uh, Superwoman and Watson weren't a team. You're thinking of Sherlock Holmes and Watson."
"Do I look like a Sherlock Holmes, Reese?"
"No. Definitely not."
"Come Watson, the game is afoot."
"What's that mean?
"I think it’s a scavenger game where you walk around and look for a dismembered foot."
"Brits are strange."
"You got that right."
 # # # # # # # # 
"What about that guy?"
Dr. Reese and Nurse Karita were consulting a patient's chart together at the entrance to a ward of twelve beds. Elderly women occupied all of the beds. The guy was the only visitor. He was sitting in the visitor chair, his raincoat open around him. He wore black rain pants with the suspenders holding them up. He also had a pair of wellies, green in color. [Wellies came in black, green, yellow and red. Custom color wellies could also be found.] He had a gift-wrapped box on his lap. The size and shape suggested candies of some kind. 
"What about him?"
"He's watching us out of the corner of his eye."
"Time for our rounds, Doctor Reese?"
"An excellent idea, Nurse Hottie."
"Please try to be professional, Doctor. No more butt pats. I have my career to think of. "
"I tripped."
"Sure you did."
Doctor and Nurse went clockwise around the room, consulting. Reese would nod and mumble while Karita would point out items on the chart. Both would peer at the patient asleep in the bed. Then, the chart would go back where it belonged and they'd move on. The guy would look steadily at the woman in the bed, but he also was watching the doc and nurse approaching. His relative (?) was asleep in the last bed to be checked.
Reese nodded at the guy while Karita picked up the chart. The guy nodded back. Karita tapped an item on the chart and then Reese had a long look at the woman in the bed. He'd guess she was in her 80s. Skin color was a possible problem. She was black and the guy was white. That could have an innocent explanation. Nurse and doctor left together and consulted for real in the hallway just outside the ward. 
"Nurse? Your diagnosis?"
"He doesn't know the patient, Doctor. If he had, he would have asked you a question about her. Plus the skin colors are kind of weird."
"I concur, Nurse Hottie. I also can add that he has the aura colors of a thief."
"Shall we give him an opportunity to ply his craft?"
"Ply his craft? Where do you get these saying?"
"I read a lot when we're having sex, Doctor. It helps me to stay awake."
"Shall we invisiblize ourselves inside the ward?"
"You should. I'll position myself at the top of the stairs. That'll be his escape route. "
"What are you going to do?"
"I'll help him escape."
 # # # # # # # # 
The guy has grabbed all of the women's purses and they're stuffed inside his rain pants. He's three steps away from the door to the stairs.
Karita was waiting for the thief on the first landing as he hurtled down the stairs. She stuck an invisible foot out and he fell awkwardly down to the next landing, grunted in pain and comotosed himself. Then unbelievably, given his unconscious state, his body rolled over twice and fell down the next set of stairs. And once again, somehow his body had the agility to roll itself over twice again and propel itself down the stairs. You may now rightfully conclude that Karita had found the foot that she was looking for. The thief lay unconscious at the bottom of the stairs, which was unfortunate because he didn't feel the pain when Karita used her heavy work boots to stomp on both hands. 
"Nurse," Reese called and looked over the railing, trying to see to the bottom. He couldn't. 
"Doctor, a man has fallen down the stairs. I think he needs medical attention."
"Is he well enough to get up on his own?" 
"No."
"I'd prescribe two broken hands for a thief who preys on old women."
"I've already filled that prescription, Doctor."
 # # # # # # # # 
 Sunday evening: 
Winnie awoke to find a fuzzy white-feathered shape shining a bright light into her eyes. She tried to swat it away but without success. The fuzzy shape continued to wave things at her. "Welcome back," the fuzzy shape said. 
 "Wrm I?" Winnie asked.
The fuzzy thing stepped back and became an unfuzzy nurse-type angel person. "We've been keeping you hydrated but your mouth will be dry. This is a wet sponge. Suck on it slowly. You don't want to choke."
...
"Where am I?"
"You're in the military's base hospital. You have a visitor. He's been very insistent that he be allowed to speak to you as soon as you awoke." With that, she left. An angel in dress whites strode into the room, saluted and stood at attention. 
"My Queen."
"Galahad?"
"Yes, My Queen. I am here to officially report that I have been delinquent in my duties to protect you. I am offering you my resignation as your official protector. In the meantime I have put myself on report to teach myself a lesson."
"Huh. What report did you do?"
"I have assigned myself to stand outside your door at attention 24/7 with brief breaks for essential duties."
"What happened to me?"
"I don't know, My Queen."
"Does anybody know?"
"No, My Queen."
"Then how could you have prevented something you didn't know anything about from happening?"
"I was clearly negligent, My Queen."
"Is there a mirror in this room?"
"I'll get one, My Queen."
...
"I look bad. You look worse, Galahad. Get some sleep. Don't come back until I tell you to."
"Yes, My Queen."
"Don't call me......"
 # # # # # # # # 
Seeing how we're on a roll with medical issues in London and in Heaven, why stop there? My readers are now in Montana, specifically in the living room of Lucas and the twin bombshells, more commonly known as Lohla and Lylah. Naturally, the twins were wearing exactly the same clothes. They wore subdued colors for the most part to fit the nature of the meeting that would be subdued. Yes, not only do the twins color coordinate themselves, but they color coordinate their moods too. 
 Lucas sat between them wearing some really tired army clothes that we aren't interested in, so I won't bother describing them. I wouldn't want to fatigue you. Each bombshell had an arm linked inside one of Lucas' arms.
"We've made a decision, Doc," Lucas started. 
Given the medical theme of this chapter, the presence of Doc at this meeting should hardly be a surprise to you.
"The booklets you gave us were very good," an Elle said. 
"We really want a family and we've been trying for almost four years now," another Elle said. 
"I want to get tested," Lucas said. "Chances are, it's probably me. Otherwise one of the twins would be pregnant by now."
"All of us want to get tested," Elle corrected. 
"Yes, all of us definitely do," the other Elle confirmed. 
"I told you that I can't do this for you. I don't have the equipment."
"We know. You said that you might be able to give us an option. We don't mind travelling to another country," Lucas said.
"Somewhere in Europe?"
"Japan?"
"The world hasn't recovered to the point where the family planning that you need can be done safely. We could check Lucas easily enough, but anything other than that would frankly be dangerous."
"What's your option then?"
"Back when I was hobbled by arthritis, Winnie and Granny travelled back in time to find me some medicine. Winnie described my symptoms to a doctor. He suggested a simple pill that could be bought in any pharmacy. There was very little risk that her simple inquiry would change the future. Family planning for you three will very likely require delicate procedures. We'll need permission from the Directors and then very careful planning. "
"I have a scientific background that may prove useful." That would be Lylah.
"What are our chances, Doc?"
"Better than they are now. But, some problems can't be solved. You may fall into that category."
"Do you know something that you're not telling us, Doc? I'm feeling some vibes from you." [That would be Lohla.]
"I'd suggest that you look in Vancouver BC for a family planning clinic. That city will disappear in 2048 and all of its medical records will disappear with it. Try looking between 2020 and 2030. It should still be fairly safe."
 # # # # # # # # 
Paula, I need to talk with you.
Sure, Doc. Where?
Heaven.

Back to the Table of Contents
Chapter 7

Wednesday, July 15, Jane Macintosh was waiting at the back door of Government House when Zavier Reynaldo's copter set down on a visitor's pad. They shook hands and Mac brought Zavier to the security station where the First Lady was waiting to greet him. "We take the governor's security very seriously," Sheila explained as a guard ran a wand around Zavier's body and his briefcase. "Certain foreign governments cannot be trusted," the first lady murmured as they left the security station. 
No words were exchanged as Sheila walked them down several hallways and down a flight of stairs to a door with no name or numbers on it. Inside, a man wearing a rumpled grey suit and tie-less blue long sleeved shirt stood as they walked into the room. The furniture was very Spartan. A single table with three chairs was in the center of the room. Additional stacks of chairs were positioned against a wall in the event they were needed. Against another wall, additional stacks of collapsed meeting tables were available if necessary. 
"Zavier, this is Stu, Stu this is Zavier. Stu is the lawyer that the governor uses for his highest priority projects. I'm going to sit in on this meeting to ensure that the agreement will reflect what the governor wants. Jane, a delegation is waiting for you at your office upstairs."
"Yes, Ma'am."
Zavier sat down across the table from Stu who passed him a folder. Sheila sat at the head of table and folded her hands. Stu passed her a folder too but she didn't open it.
Stu took charge of the meeting. "Now, please look at the first two pages of the document inside the folder. Zavier. Page 1 and 2 define the concept of 'free trade' which I'm sure you know does not mean that people of California can get products from Colorado for free." They all laughed at that silly idea which wasn't that silly for Zavier because that was exactly what he had thought. He was sure that the mayor had the same notion. 
"The trade between our two states can take the form of a product, like somebody in California buying a desk from a Colorado company. Or, trade can be in the form of a service, which could be a Colorado company employing a California company to assess the Colorado company's books. Trade also means that citizens of both states can pass freely between the two states without any government interference such as a border station. The FREE part of free trade is that neither state can add a tax onto any product or service that crosses the border. Nor can either state charge a fee for crossing the border nor can either state prevent any citizen from entering and leaving the state. It's all very basic and straightforward. I'll let you read both pages, Zavier." 
 # # # # # # # # 
"The next three pages define the citizenship of companies and people for tax purposes. Of course, both California and Colorado can charge companies and citizens taxes. Those taxes can be on goods or services sold from one merchant in Sacramento to a citizen in Sacramento. Both states also have a tax on the income that a citizen earns in the state. This is very normal. But, with citizens being able to move from California to Colorado and back daily or monthly, we need to define which state charges and collects those taxes. It would be hugely expensive for both states to attempt to charge taxes on a day-to-day basis. Thus, for the purposes of this agreement, a citizen who resides in Colorado for at least 183 days is considered a Colorado citizen for tax purposes. Only Colorado can charge that citizen taxes. The same rule applies to California. It's very straightforward. Zavier, go ahead and read. Try not to get bogged down in all the legal jargon. This is just how lawyers try to show off how lawyerish we can get."
 # # # # # # # # 
"The next two pages will define how companies will be recognized as either Colorado companies or California companies. As with citizens, both states will want to charges taxes on the income that a company earns. The definition of citizenship here is where the company is based. If the home office of a company is here in Colorado, then Colorado will assess the taxes that the company pays and is responsible for collecting them. Same rule for California. If the home office is in California, those taxes will be yours to collect. Zavier, you can see here that everything is absolutely equal and fair for both states. The governor insisted on this. Go ahead and read."
 # # # # # # # # 
"The last three pages cover the establishment of this treaty and the conditions under which it can be changed or terminated. Now here, I have to say that the governor and I disagreed. He's taking a risk in my view that Mayor Villa will be elected as governor. I wanted the agreement to be negotiated and signed after Ms. Villa was elected. But, Governor Stookenhap is straight arrow honest. He said such an agreement would not be fair to Ms. Villa. The news of this treaty will likely be seen as a big diplomatic coup for her. She might even want to use news of this treaty and its implication for free trade between the two states in her rallies. Governor Stookenhap doesn't want to deny her the opportunity of benefiting from an agreement that she has worked so hard on. Again, I will say this is giving California a very big benefit for this treaty. This document requires both states to sign this treaty next week. The treaty will last for ten years and can be amended by either party through negotiation or, if negotiations break down, through an independent government entity determining which side wins. That entity cannot be Mexico. We're thinking of Montana, but we can decide on that if it ever arises."
"Sign next week, you say?"
"Yes," Stu confirmed. "Your governor will be very happy with your negotiating skills, my young man. But Governor Stookenhap insisted that we give you the advantage."
"Just so you know, Zavier, and this is not personal, it's business. I think that my husband is giving you way too much in this agreement and I'll be pushing him to alter the draft agreement. But, I'll honor this draft of the agreement for one more week, no more." 
"Go ahead and read it, Zavier. Don't worry about all those legal terms."
 # # # # # # # # 
Wednesday evening.
"Apparently, I need your approval to leave the hospital," Winnie said. She didn't look impressed by this requirement. 
"Did the Chief Medical Officer explain what happened to you?"
"Yeah. My angel body is directly from Angelion. Angels from Angelion have a genetic quirk that makes shimmering light mesmerizing if they're exposed to it for too long. The lights in Reese's cave triggered this .... disease?"
"All species have genetic quirks that make them vulnerable under certain conditions. Angels from Angelion can become mesmerized. It's not a disease. It's more like a condition. It can't be cured because that would mean altering the entire DNA structure of the species. Did he tell you what to avoid?"
"Shimmering lights. Duh."
"Why are you so down? Are you hurting anywhere?"
"No. I'm extremely weak, that's all. I'll recover soon enough. In the meantime, I'm supposed to take long baths in hot water to loosen up some muscles and sun bathe a lot. Can I go to my castle now, Galahad? I want a couple of days before I have to face Lillian and Joe-Joe. I'd like to spend some horizontal time with my own bed."
"They'll have the same report that I have. Unexpected vulnerability to shimmering lights. Condition has been explained. No need for follow up. I'll sign this form and you're free to go."
"Form?"
"The medical staff became super halocratic when they saw the body you were in. I'm a ranking Command Officer and as such, I get to sign your form. Done."
"That's it?"
"Yes, unless you want to talk about my offer to resign."
"I don't know what you're talking about, Galahad. Why would you want to resign?"
"No reason, I guess." 

Back to the Table of Contents
Chapter 8 

It's Sunday again, and for Reese, that meant it was semi-sex day. The last Sunday had worked out well. Without going into too much detail, evening sex works well when both participants are fully awake. 
Reese suggested going to the opera for this Sunday's entertainment. Neither of them could tell an aria from a partridge in a pear tree. Reese lasted five minutes and began to squirm; Karita saw the squirm and for the sake of having other kinds of entertainment on Sundays in the future, she decided to squirm him out the exit. They decided to go hunting again. 
It was sunny this day, and most of London was outside celebrating. Women were in bikinis. Men were in short shorts and tank tops, and that was just on the busses. When you get four days of sun in an average year, Londonites have learned to take advantage of every sunny day. 
Reese was looking closely at one such bikini babe whose size 7 body had been squeezed into a size 4 bikini. An explosion of burgeoning flesh was imminent. [It wasn't clear to Reese what he should do in such circumstances. Close his eyes? Offer to squeeze the flesh back in? How? Was there a bikini-restoring tool somewhere? Should he wash his hands first? His mental review of the Gentleman's Code of Bikini Conduct was interrupted.] 
You better be staring at her because she has dark colors.
I'm looking at her because her colors say thief but I don't see anywhere that she could hide the loot.
[Reese was right about that. No hiding place, no siree. Plus the way that she was standing and turning around, well it was almost hypnotic. Mesmerizing even.]
She's not the thief, Reese. She's the distraction. Look for a guy. 
 # # # # # # # #
Well, Karita was correct, of course. They stepped off the bus at the same stop as the babe and the bandit and shifted into invisible mode. The thieves lived in a remarkably well-decorated two-bedroom apartment. Business was obviously booming for them. Reese and Karita waited for the duo, now wearing resplendent clothes, to leave the building for a night out on the town. Then they stole everything in their apartment that wasn't nailed down. They ferried it up to the ship to be donated to charities outside of London on some unspecified date in the future. 
 # # # # # # # #
Sunday was also the day that Winnie chose to visit family in Montana. She dropped in to see Doc and Granny first, as was her routine. They weren't home, so she started to fly the short distance to her parents' home. 
Galahad, are you here?
Physically no, but I have eyes and ears on you. I have a portal directly to the cadet camp. I can be there in seconds. Why?
I'm going to have a private talk with my mom. It will be hard enough to talk to her and I don't want you listening in.
I can mute the sound.
I don't want you looking at me either.
Where will the meeting be?
Her bedroom or my bedroom.
Eyes and ears will be off when you enter a bedroom. You'll have to tell me when to turn them on again.
Thanks, Galahad.
 # # # # # # # #
"Well, there's a very good reason why you didn't find Doc and Granny at home. It's exciting news. I think I'll make you guess."
"Mom, I can read your mind, remember."
"Not with this on my head."
"A tin foil helmet. I had forgotten all about those."
"I found it in a box in the attic when I was dusting it."
"Mom! Dusting the attic?"
"Kidding. Go ahead, guess."
"I'm kind of down today. Work has been difficult."
"This will cheer you up. Granny will be able to walk properly soon. She and Doc are in a Toronto hospital and she's had an operation that fixed her hip. Everything went great. She has a day or two of recuperation and then they'll be home."
"How'd she find that hospital?"
"Through your friend, Guinny. The two of them hit it off and Guinny told Granny that she knew a friend of a friend who worked at that hospital. The doctor there is amazing apparently. She managed to get her in quickly."
"Was it the Toronto's Children Hospital?" 
"How'd you know that?"
"I've heard about them too. I thought they only took children." [Who Painted Lord Percy? Book # 24.]
"I guess Guinny’s friend has a friend in high places."
"You could say that."
"Granny is so happy now. She has lived with pain for so long."
"How'd she break it anyway? Was it a basketball injury?"
"No. It was part of the Biker's War before you were born. You know about that war, right?"
"The crazy guy from Alberta?"
"Right. Hank and I were newlyweds and we were ambushing these bikers when they came into our territory. But I became pregnant and Hank said I had to go home. It was too dangerous for both of us when I was getting big and slow. So, I did and Granny took my place with her long bow. She was deadly and the bow is quiet so she and Hank started to finish off the bikers. But, she was injured in one of the last battles. Meanwhile I had given birth to some horrific looking creature. I couldn't bear to look at it. I planned to bury it and wasn't going to tell anybody. Meanwhile I was bleeding a lot and couldn't get it stopped. I was alone and I figured I would die with this thing on my shovel. And Granny was suddenly there."
Yolanda had to stop to wipe her eyes. 
"Mom, are you OK?"
"It was the worst day of my life as well as the best day. I had had this thing growing inside of me for eight months and I figured I'd never be able to have a normal child because my body was somehow poisoned and that was the worst part because I really wanted to have babies. But Granny did everything for me, even though we weren't getting along very well at the time. She got me settled, buried the thing, helped me through a big depression and all of this with a bullet in her hip. She had walked for days to get to me because she knew somehow I needed her."
"Mom, you're making me cry too now."
"I don't know how she knew. And I don't know what kind of pain she had because she just gritted her teeth and never said a word. Somebody took the bullet out sometime, I don't know about that. And later, we found out that the Alberta guy had poisoned me internally, and I wasn't the one that had made that creature. The war ended and I got brave enough to try for a baby again, and that's when Wolf came along. She's been limping ever since." 
"I never knew anything about that. That was a horrible experience for you."
"Yes, but others had it worse at the time. Bikers were killing the police, the Alberta guy was going to invade us, and every night I wondered if this would be the night when Alberta would invade and we'd have to hit the tunnels to escape. I just did what Granny showed me. Grit my teeth and get through it. And look where we are now."
"The Alberta guy. What happened to him?"
"Your dad and I buried him. He took a long time to die." [Teenage Mutant Ninja Torpedoes, Book #5] 
"I don't know what to say, Mom. You and Granny are my heroes. I could never have done what the two of you did."
"It's a different world now. People are brave in different ways. You don't realize that you're being brave until somebody tells you that you were. You said that you've had a bad week?"
"Nah. It wasn't all that bad. When will Granny be back? I want to take a picture of you, her and her new hip."

Back to the Table of Contents
 Chapter 9

Winnie passed the night at home and portalled to her castle Monday morning. First thing to do? Thank Guinny. 
She wasn't swimming, or exercising, or working in her office. Her bedroom was empty too. "Guinny, are you here?" Winnie called. That prompted her stomach to try to escape out of her mouth and Winnie recognized that she had just made a dimensional jump. She was now in an almost empty room. Two comfortable chairs were the only furniture. She sat down in one and waited. A musical sound preceded Guinny's appearance. 
"There's a three second delay from when I hear you arrive and when I can respond because I work inside a dimension inside a dimension."
"Was that a fiddle announcing you?"
"That was a crwth, which is a Welsh lyre. It has a fingerboard behind the strings. The sound resonates more than a fiddle. I used to play it. All genteel women my age played a musical instrument. Do you play music?"
"I can barely play the tambourine. I wanted to thank you."
"For what?"
"For my granny's new hip."
"Ah, that. Heaven was far too slow to help her. She's a good woman."
"I found out what she and my mom did in the Biker Wars. That just blows my mind."
"Both were unsung heroes, although your Mom and Dad were honored for being founders of the Aboriginal Nation."
"I didn't know that either. How come you know it?"
"Heaven has a thick file on your family. Did you get sorted out with the shimmering genetic curse?"
"Yeah."
"Would you care to explain why you ended up in that cave?"
"You don't know that already?"
"I know physically what you did. I don't know what was going through your mind at the time."
 "Umm."
"I can appear in your granny's body or your mom's body if that'll help you tell me."
"No, that's OK. I was so pathetic. ...."
 # # # # # # # #
"Loneliness and thinking that you'll never have a partner to share your life with are not pathetic. They are real. They're not trivial. And you tried to calm yourself with some yoga."
"Yeah."
"And that triggered a pre-condition that you didn't know anything about. Why did you beat yourself up? Why are you still hesitant to talk about it?"
"Because the whole loneliness thing was pathetic. I hate being pathetic."
"You were under great stress. In such conditions little things appear huge."
"I wasn't under stress. Our operation was over."
"I'm not talking about that operation. That one should have been more fun than stressful. I'm talking about the big stress that you don't want to talk about."
....
"Because you don't want to appear to be a coward."
...
"You're not a coward. You come to Heaven every day and take on operations that could be very dangerous if you made a single mistake. You are facing that fear. You are gritting your teeth and getting through it."
"You were listening in on me and my mom?"
"Duh. Did I get that sound of disdain right?"
"Yeah. Now you're imitating the sound of my voice?"
"What happens if you make a single mistake, Guinevere?"
"The Cops of the Cosmos learn that a human knows about the afterlife. Heaven is fined big bucks for breaking the prime directive. Hell gets an advantage and makes things even worse for billions of mortals. Earth will never make it as a civilized planet. All because of me."
"And that scares you to death."
"Yes."
"If it didn't scare you to death, you'd be insane. And yet, in spite of this, you are still here. Do you know why?"
"Why?"
"Because you are cut from the same cloth as your grandmother and your mother. They gave you their strength. They never gave up either."
 # # # # # # # #
It's a few minutes later. Same location, same angels.
"You made me your Special Counsel? What's that mean?"
"It means whatever I want it to mean. You'll be hidden inside the halocracy in a position that reports only to me. It also means that your responsibilities will no longer be restricted to matters dealing with Hell, although I may lend you back to Lillian and Joe-Joe if they need you."
"Will Lillian and Joe-Joe know what I'm doing?"
"Only if they have a need to know."
"I wonder how Lillian will like that."
"You have access to me via this portal and I have eyes and ears on you at all times. Will that bother you?"
"Nah. I'm used to it. Where's my office?"
"Wherever you want it to be. The castle would work. I'll be back there from time to time to swim and think nostalgic thoughts. Otherwise, I'll be here."
"I'll use the castle. Can I have members of my former team come and visit?"
"Yes, but do not reveal your position or your duties to them."
"Galahad?"
"He's still your personal protector. Remember that he has important responsibilities so he won't be physically with you while you are here or on Earth. You are now his mobile portal. He can be where you are in a second. The portal works in reverse too."
"What do I call you?"
"Guinny. I rather like that."
"And in public?"
"I doubt that you and I will ever appear in public together." 
"Anything else?"
"When you entered the hospital, I decided to upgrade your body. I gather your doctor had a minor freak out. Did I get that term right?"
"Yeah, Galahad said that he became super halocratic."
"And so he should have. You are now capable of reading and understanding more than one screen of text at a time. You'll have a lot of research to do as my special counsel. Your angelic body can work long continuous hours. You'll have little need to rest if you maintain a regular regimen of fitness. You can do that while you're reading. OK?"
"Yeah. I like to be busy."
"Galahad will be looking for you in a couple of minutes. He needs your help. I'd suggest that you offer it. It will give you background experience and knowledge that you will need."

Back to the Table of Contents
Chapter 10

Hank's message to All Wilizy prompted a difficult decision in London. 
"We'll learn all the details on Sunday in the cadet camp's mess hall?" Karita asked Reese for confirmation.
"Yes. This operation must be including the cadets as well as the Valkyries, otherwise we'd be meeting in one of the sailing ships."
"So, it's a big operation?"
"Very. We had one operation in Africa where both the cadets and the Valkyries participated [Morgana Foils the Duke's Plans, #23] but the Wilizy family itself had little to do. This one is asking every member of the family to attend the meeting. I expect them to ask for volunteers at the end of that meeting. Some people won't be able to help."
"Why?"
"Several families have small children who need to remain at home and be supervised by an adult. What usually happens in these situations is the moms or the dads of those families get to volunteer first and pick assignments that they can handle time-wise and still watch over the youngsters."
"What kind of jobs?"
"Dad didn't say anything about that. With Wanda involved, that means there'll be construction jobs."
"Because?"
"Wanda operates two saw mills. She wouldn't be invited to this meeting if she weren't providing wood. That means we'll be putting up buildings, which the Wilizy men are used to doing. I've transported wood to the construction sites before which they may want me to do, or they may want me with a hammer or a laser cutter. I can do both."
"So you want to go?"
"Yes. I can skip a semester easily enough. What about you?"
"If you're going, I'm going too Reese, but I don't know how to build anything."
"There'll be lots to do. We won't know until we go to the meeting."
"What about us? Nobody is supposed to know that we're married."
"That could be dangerous. You look like a grown up Maddy and you don't have a British accent yet. Somebody will notice that. We'll have to be careful that you and Maddy aren't seen together. "
"Will Maddy be volunteering?"
"She'll be hammering nails into the roofs."
"Why am I not surprised?"
 "I better talk with Winnie. I'll try now."
[Good luck with that, Reese.] 
 # # # # # # # #
"When do I get to drive this buggy?"
"When we pass Mars."
"Are we there yet?"
"No."
"Are we there yet?"
"No. Let's get back to the schematics of the engine."
"I got it already. The doohicky is connected to the whodunit. Are we there yet?"
"Where's the plasma converter?"
"It's the thick little thing that looks like a regurgitated doughnut."
"Put your finger on the schematic where it is."
"Eeww. You want me to touch a regurgitated doughnut? Can I drive now?"
"No. 
"How fast will I be able to go?"
"Not fast at all in the inner solar system."
"How many warps can this thing warp?"
"Not many."
"Are we there yet?"
"No."
"Is it true that you and I are the only ones on this ship?"
"Yes. I didn't want to risk the afterlives of the crew when you were piloting."
"Nice talk. Are we there yet?"
"No."
"I'm very excited about this."
"Really?"
"You could probably take advantage of me if you let me drive now."
"You can fly the ship after we pass Mars. Not before that."
"Can I sit on your lap?"
"No."
"Am I bugging you yet?"
"You have to get off my lap."
"I think I'm stuck. Are we there yet?"
"No. Seeing you excited like this is a reward in itself."
"I'll kiss you on the cheek if you let me drive right now."
"No. You're not supposed to be sitting on my lap. That's against regulations."
"I'll plant one on this little whisker that you didn't catch shaving."
"No. ... Did you just chew it off?"
"You need more barbecue sauce in your shaving kit. Can I PULEASE drive now?"
 "We've passed Mars."
"Out of my chair, you interloper. Scotty, I want 24,000 warps."
"The engine can't take that, Captain."
"Spock, take Scotty to the engines and feed him to the regurgitated doughnut."
"You didn't watch Star Trek, did you?"
"Yeech. Did you?" 
"Yes. The crew thought it was a hoot."
"What button do I push?"
"Do you have your space driving license?"
"Seriously, Galahad. Which button?"
...
"Galahad, show me the button or I'll give you a hickey!"

Back to the Table of Contents
Chapter 11

Speaking of being hyper, Maddy was flying high too. Other than her grand slam homerun, we haven't seen Maddy yet. It's July, and that means it's baseball season in Montana. The BBBs were in Great Falls for their next to last tournament. So far, they were undefeated, but so was Missoula. Next week's games would be key. Maddy was hyperbolic because she had pitched the entire game and had allowed only three hits and all three were gobbled up by the infield. For one inning, she had switched to pitching leftie and the different drop on her curve ball had them all confused.
Right now, she and Audrey were tubing down the Missouri River and were about fifteen minutes away from town. They were gabbing away about the game when two guys on tubes bumped up against Audrey's tube. They looked to be about 15.
"Hey Chink Eyes, where you from?"
Audrey said nothing. 
"You're from out of town. We know every girl in Great Falls. We don't have no yellow skins here. We do our own laundry in this town."
Silence.
"Wanna meet up after dark? You can wash our bathing suits. What's your rate?"
Silence.
"Stuck up, Slant Eyes."
...
 "You ain't got no reason to be stuck up, Chink Eyes. We'll see you in town. Work something out."
And then they were gone, paddling hard to get into the middle of the river where the water was faster.
"Why didn't you say something, Audrey?"
"Saying something keeps guys like that talking."
"Do you get this a lot?"
"Some boys in school think it's funny. Some families brag that they'd never stoop so low as to eat in a chink restaurant."
"But you're American. You're family has been here for generations."
"That doesn't matter to those kind of people."
"Doesn't it hurt? I didn't like being called names."
"You become used it. Don't let jerks like them ruin our day. What did you use to strike out the last guy?" 
"Drop ball. I set him up with a fast ball."
"I'd like to catch one game so that I can plan pitch sequences."
"You're too good at short stop to play catcher. You started that double play when I was getting tired in the 5th."
"Is that why you went lefty the next inning?"
"Yuh. Gave me a breather so I could come back strong in the 7th. You dad told me I'd be pitching the whole game and I was watching my pitch count."
 # # # # # # # #
The two boys were at the pier watching them, although they didn't say anything with so many people around. Audrey and Maddy headed back to their billets for dinner. Maddy kept an eye on their tail and saw them sauntering along behind them. They were going to find out where they were sleeping. Audrey was oblivious. 
Supper would be ready in an hour. Maddy said that she wanted to go for a run. Audrey said she was going to wash her hair. Maddy checked the windows on their bedroom and they were locked tight. She was back in time for dinner. 
That was the end of the incident, at least for the girls. Two days later, the sheriff at Fort Benton called the sheriff at Great Falls to report that two boys from Great Falls had tubed down the Missouri for over forty miles before being seen and pulled out of the water. Both had their bathing suits stuffed into their mouths and both had their hands tied to the handles of the tube. When asked why they had done such a stupid thing, they tried to say that somebody had attacked them Saturday night. Both sheriffs put it down to teenage boys trying to out-dare each other. When they were asked why they had painted their faces yellow, neither boy would comment further. 

Back to the Table of Contents
Chapter 12

That same Saturday, the rest of the Wilizy were meeting in the mess hall. Other than Maddy who had her baseball commitment, all the Wilizy were there including Winnie and Reese. Karita was not.
Hank spoke about the overall goals of the mission and its rough time frame. Melissa outlined her plan in general. The task of filling in the details fell to Mac, as Battle Commander. 
 "We have some very tight timelines in August and will need every possible Wilizy to help out with the construction. I should tell you that all of the paperwork has been completed. The Wilizy now control the land and buildings in the former town of Tijuana, Mexico. Melissa told you how that will fit into the overall plan earlier. We also have a signed agreement from Pancha Villa in which California and Colorado will become partners in a free trade agreement. Again, you know how that is going to contribute to our operations. Melissa didn't go into great detail about the agreement, but if you're interested, Stu is here with copies of it and will go through it with you. Both of these agreements have been approved by the Wilizy directors."
"I have posted weekly objectives for each week of August on the boards we've positioned on the outside walls of the mess. We anticipate that all Wilizy will be able to return to their normal lives by the end of August." 
"Cadets, we're showing you these full operational plans for Operation CA CO, so that you can see how intricate and lengthy this operation will be. Your contributions to this operation are essential. When you are in the field, you must not break character. Major Vincent has already explained to you what that means. I'm sure he'll be reminding you. As we get closer to the days where you will be in the field, you'll be able to view surveillance video of how you are expected to conduct yourself when you are in 'enemy territory.' The biggest risk, we think, is that your walking and your stance may reveal your military background. You have to learn how to slouch. Those of you who are not white will contribute to the operations in another way. Major Vincent will give you your orders and will outfit you in a biker leather jacket with motorcycle boots."
"Valkyries. You along with the cadets will have extensive interactions with Californians. You know what role you will play. You, as well, must not break character." 
"Just to give you an idea of how much we have to do this first week. We must have decisions ready for which parts of the town can be retained as is, and which parts will need new construction. We will need to complete operational checks on power grids and water supplies. We will need to have building supplies either ordered or in the process of being delivered. This includes plumbing and lumber. We need to start on the construction with preparations of the land and creation of some of the framing for the new buildings." 
"Now, let me talk about your individual contributions. Each week's objectives will be listed on the boards. We ask that you sign your name to the work party that you wish to join. The leader of that party is listed. She or he will select the team. If we have too many for one task, we may shift you to another task that needs more bodies. Those of you who have young families will be assigned to the team you want so that you can best take care of your children."
"As to food. We will eat breakfast here in the mess and will be out of Montana by 7:30 am. You should plan for the mess hall to be crowded and get here in plenty of time for departure. Volunteers will provide lunch and refreshments on the work site. Supper will begin at 6:15 here in the mess hall. Given the number of people that need to be fed, we'll spread supper out so that the last sitting will begin at 7:30 pm. There's a separate announcement board where we'll ask for volunteers to handle the transportation back and forth to Mexico for the cadets and Valkyries. We also need people to buy and prepare the food. Our normal mess staff will need assistance. We have set up accounts at both WC&D stores in Surrey and in Calgary and have advised them that our food purchases will be higher than normal." 
"We will meet here Sunday, tomorrow, at 3 pm and I'll answer any questions that you might have then. After that meeting, we'll ask you to sign up for the work team that you wish to join." 
[The 3 pm start was set so that Maddy could be in camp for the second meeting.]
 # # # # # # # #
The Sunday afternoon meeting went quickly. Winnie showed up in a blonde wig and was wearing a very skimpy fire engine red dress. She asked for a minute at the beginning of the meeting. "Guys, when we get into the field work portion of the operation, I'll be dressed like this. Valkyries and cadets, give me a wide berth please. I'm hoping to have some Molly Moonblossom reports. Please don't come near me when I'm interviewing." 
Nobody asked to have a line-by-line explanation of the trade agreement, to nobody's surprise including Stu's. Momaka, Stu and Petro signed up for kitchen duty. 
Maddy signed up for nailing roofs on the buildings. No surprise there. 
Reese was put in charge of transportation for the lumber and then for ferrying the cadets and Valkyries to and from the work site. He also was asked to give young Jock (TG and Mac's son) and Will (William and Melissa's son) instruction in piloting the jumbo. The other 8, 9, and 10 year olds were also included in various work groups. 
 # # # # # # # #
Later that evening, three Wilizy attended a secret meeting in the cloned copy of the Wilizy/America sailing ship that had been moored in Heaven, and then in London, and now was moored over Yuma, Arizona - a quick sling trip to Tijuana. As you may have suspected, Karita was at this meeting and was trying on Winnie's red dress. She didn't need the wig. You probably knew that already.
"It's kind of tight," she observed.
"Sure is," Reese agreed.
"Tight is good," Winnie made the observation unanimous. "Karita, when the operation gets to the point where the Valkyries are working in California, you will be there too, as me. I've already asked the Valkyries to stay clear of you. If anybody forgets, tell him or her that you need privacy. This way you can be in the operation and not reveal that you guys are married."
"What do I do before then?"
"You stay in this ship. It's too risky for you to interact with the Wilizy women. They'll catch you for sure. You and Reese will have your privacy in the evenings. During the day, work on your school courses. If you need food or a break, stay in Yuma. Do not draw attention to yourself." 
"What will you be doing?" Reese asked.
"I'll be out of town," Winnie answered.

Back to the Table of Contents
Chapter 13

While the Wilizy were beginning their first week of construction, Winnie was almost weightless. The Angelion.52 kept a token amount of gravity in the ship when it was traveling at warp speed. Jobs couldn't get done quickly enough in weightless conditions. Quickness counted when a do-hickey had an aneurism. 
The boardroom had enough capacity to accommodate all ten of the Angelion.52's crew who were sitting and looking at Galahad. The viewing panel in the boardroom was deactivated as there was no scenery to watch when you're in warp drive as any Star Trek follower would know. The ship was going where lots of men had gone before; it needed no angel in the captain's chair. 
"A reminder before I get into mission specifics," Galahad started. "Guinevere does not want anybody saluting or recognizing her rank in any way. She is a passenger who wishes to be invisible to you. Go about your duties and pay no attention to her. She is not here to evaluate you, me, or the ship. She is here to learn more about the semi-annual war games and about Angelion in general."
Winnie tried to chameleon herself into the woodwork panel of the boardroom where she was standing. She was wearing the same operational smock that all the crew wore going into operations. You didn't want a molting feather to fall into a what-cha-ma-call-it and find yourself sucking vacuum. As a matter of routine, all crew used a vacuum [Not the one outside the ship] to extract loose feathers before coming on duty.
"Now, here's our goal for this war game. As you know, I have focused our training so that we can improve the time that we need to make emergency repairs. That will help us plug the holes that we will get in our shields and hull. We have done well on that. In the last war game, the Angelion.52 was ruled destroyed at the thirty-two second mark of the first conflict. Our goal is to last for a full minute before the ship is destroyed." 
"I realize that our experiences in these war games have been disheartening. We must be realistic. Our small size and the virtual absence of any offensive weaponry for the ship are difficult factors to overcome. But, we are making progress. All I ask is that you look at this war game as a chance to improve." 
"As we've done in the past, we will use the distraction of the celebration at the end of the war games to acquire the supplies and equipment that we will need to stock the ship for another six months of operation. Make sure that Shields has a list of all of your necessities. Shields will need some lookouts to ensure that she is not seen shifting the cartons into the ship. Those of you who would prefer to skip the celebrations and help her, please raise your hand."
All raised their hands.
"Good. Thank you for volunteering. Guinevere and I will show the flag in the wrap up ceremonies. Be prepared to cast off as soon as we return to the ship. Yes, Shields."
"Will I have the same Angelion angel helping me out?"
"Yes, he will alter the inventory records appropriately. Angelion has massive warehouses full of supplies, they're won't miss any blubber duts."
 [You may notice that I'm not too interested in the formal names of the parts of a space ship. All I know is that warp speed is good, and 'Captain, we're going to explode in 10, 9, 8,...' is bad.] 
 # # # # # # # #
Well, I thought that went well," Galahad said to Winnie after the crew had left. 
"Your goal is to stay not dead for a minute?"
"Yes, as I said when you and I first talked, we are in an impossible situation here. All I can do is give the crew an achievable goal."
"And steal supplies. Isn't that against some heavenly code of conduct somewhere?"
"Yes, but we're not in Heaven, and my reports to my superiors do not address the question of where we are getting supplies that allow us to keep the ship on position, let alone go into battle."
"Does Guinny know about this?"
"She knows. I've been yammering at her as much as I dare in my capacity as her protector. She wouldn't have promoted you into your new position if she hadn't been listening."
"You know about that? You're not supposed to know."
"When a middle manager angel receives an angel body like yours, it's something I would notice. I think that was why I was the duty officer when you were discharged so that I could keep your new body a secret."
"How much do you know?"
"Nothing much. What I do know is that our spaceship program is receiving no support from Angelion at all. I'm fairly certain that our quick exit from the war games to date has been dictated from on high, but I can't prove that. The structure of the war games is such that each war game team has five spaceships. The membership for each team is supposed to be randomly generated. We have had different partners, but Angelion.52 is always destroyed in less than a minute. That means five ships will attack our four teammates. This, in turn, means that whenever we are put on a team, the crew of the other four ships look upon us with disgust because they know that they have no chance of surviving the first round."
"But we have the smallest ship in the navy. Wouldn't that dictate our failure?"
"No. We fail because for a brief period at the beginning of a game, we are left completely isolated. All five ships of the enemy are able to concentrate their fire on us. That has happened too many times for it to be a coincidence."
"So, if you can survive for a minute, the other four ships on your team will arrive and you'll have help."
"Yes. But that won't solve the problem. If we fix that initial lack of support, they'll find a way to handicap us in some other way. Heaven needs to find a way to get respect from Angelion. Heaven can't even acquire furniture from them; we have to send shopping angels to Earth for basic necessities. Angelion is a wealthy planet. There's no excuse for this. It's not just the space program; it's everything." 
"I knew about shopper angels, but not this."
"After the ship is destroyed in the first day of competition, you should find a way to tour part of the planet on your own. The angels on the home planet look exactly like you, so you'll fit in. Learn as much about Angelion as you can while we're here. What I'm hoping is that you'll find a way to change their attitude towards us. The early exit from the war games is just a symbol of the problems that Heaven faces with the home planet."
"Do the other senior angels in Heaven know what's going on?"
"I think that they know, but you have to understand that Heaven's senior angels are Angelion angels. They aren't souls who have graduated into senior positions."
"I didn't know that. Aren't they called Inner Circle?"
"Yes. Queen Guinevere and King Arthur were mortals who reached power in Heaven because of who they were as mortals. Queen Guinevere has no pre-destined allegiance to Angelion. But she has to tread very lightly."
"Now I understand."
"Understand what."
"Why she can't be seen with me."
"We never had this conversation."
"What conversation?"
"How are your dancing skills?"
"I've never danced before."
"Hoo boy."
"What's that mean?"
"It means, hoo boy are we going to have a good time in the next couple of days."
"Why are you crawling under the table where I can't see your face?"
"I thought I saw a broken do-hickey."

Back to the Table of Contents

Chapter 14 

Back on Earth, the Wilizy were bustling all around Tijuana. Some were framing; others were transporting 2 x 4s and plywood from Martha's sawmills; others were cooking meals; others were keeping the carpenters' water buckets full. Bear in mind that this was the end of July and they were in Mexico. It was full speed ahead for the first week of Operation CA CO. 
On the Angelion.52, it was slow speed ahead. Galahad took them off warp speed, turned off the artificial gravity, and worked the crew on some drills that would prepare them for a possible explosion that destroyed their gravity generator. Winnie tried to stay out of the way, which was impossible in the small ship. She retreated to the boardroom where she enjoyed trampolining off the walls, floor, and ceiling. When Galahad mentioned to her that the goal of maneuvering in a weightless condition inside a space ship was NOT to bounce off the walls, but to lightly tap a wall, it took all the fun out of it. 
Winnie did get an opportunity to leave the ship and watch a drill where repairs had to be made to the hull. She wore magnetic boots and was tethered to the ship, as were the crew. She didn't understand what they were doing, so she just gazed at the full splendor of the Cosmos. 
During the evenings, Galahad gave the crew the night off and they bustled off to the crew quarters where poker was the entertainment de nuit. Galahad and Winnie set up in the boardroom where they placed the boardroom's furniture against the walls. It was time for Winnie to learn how to dance. And by dance, I mean it was time for her to learn the Angelion national dance. Galahad would be her partner. Winnie's stipulated dance moves went like this.
Left foot forward, left foot back, right foot forward, right foot back, bow, left foot forward, place right foot behind the left and pivot, right foot forward, place left foot behind the right and pivot. Stomp three times with the left foot and hop into the air. Breathe. Stomp three times with the right foot and hop into the air. Rise up on your left toes and twirl clockwise 180 degrees. Rise up on your right toes and twirl counter clockwise 180 degrees. Point the left foot outward and bow. Point the right foot outward and bow. Kick your left heel back. Kick your right heel back. At this point, Galahad would be there to put his hands around her waist and throw her into the air. On her descent, she was to flap her arms at least three times. And then, start over again.
The positioning of the hands in the national dance was very important. To be considered a sophisticated dancer in Angelion culture, a woman's fingers always had to be pointed down as though she had no muscles or tendons in her wrist. However, the pinky fingers had to be parallel to the ground. As to the face, the nose must always be up. A haughty sneer was also a prerequisite if you wanted to have your picture published in the ever-popular National Haughty and Sneer magazine.
Bear in mind that the people who would be at this dance were the important angels on the planet. That meant that they were mostly politicians and their wives. Thus, the haughty sneer requirement. 
It took Winnie until Thursday night to master her steps, her hands, and her expressions and that was with Galahad standing there and reminding her what to do. 
"I'll be able to whisper you through the steps," he tried to reassure her.
"Are you just going to stand and watch me dance? That hardly seems fair. You should be humiliated as badly as I'm going to be humiliated."
"I haven't shown you my dance steps yet. Your moves will take you around me in a gentle circle. I will turn as you turn so that we will always facing each other."
"And you'll be doing what?"
"This."
Ten seconds into Galahad's performance, Winnie couldn't control herself any longer. She burst into laughter.
Galahad was not impressed. "All laughter must be suppressed. You can't be haughty or sneery, if you are laughing. The national dance honors the most important events in Angelion's history. Dancers are required to max out on the haughty and sneery measures. Laughter would mean that you were enjoying yourself."
"That bit where you moved your elbows like you were a chicken trying to fly, what historical event does that represent?"
"The chicken revolution. Back in Angelion's far past, angels were actually chickens. They managed to learn how to fly and that's why angels fly today."
"They were chickens, as in real live bucaw bucaw chickens?"
"Yes. A long time ago."
"Did they lay eggs?"
"History is mute on that part of their early lives."
"What about the part where you hopped around as though you were a horse on its hind legs?"
"The early angels had chicken legs that were quite short. When their infantry went into battle riding on the backs of the horses, they tended to fall off if their horses reared up on their hind legs. That part of the dance is to commemorate the chicken-angels who got stomped during the duck revolt." 
"The ducks revolted?"
"Chickens and ducks didn't get along well back in those times."
 "Angels were descended from chickens? Really?"
"Nah. I'm pulling your drumstick."
"I was looking at your face the whole time."
"I told you that I could lie and you wouldn't catch it."
"What are you actually supposed to be doing in this stupid dance?"
"I am supposed to be acting as outrageously as I can. That gives the women the chance to sneer."
"Show me again what you'll be doing while I'm sneering."
 ...
"It's not that funny."
Winnie was rolling around on the deck and holding her ribs she was laughing so hard.
"It is so," she hyperventilated. "This whole high society thing is a farce. Do they take themselves that seriously?"
"Unfortunately, yes." 
 "I won't be able to hold myself together, Galahad."
"Really? I thought you were holding it in rather well."
"Here's an idea. What if we make an appearance and play nicely together with them. But at the first sign of the dance performance, we slip out a side exit."
"Works for me. In fact, I just conceived a certifiably brilliant idea."
"Which is?"
"I'm going to weaponize you."
"Oh goodie. What do I have to do?"
"For now, you'll play poker."
"Now you're talking."
"They won't know what hit them!"
"Words to afterlive by."

Back to the Table of Contents
Chapter 15

Each ship in the war games carried a running time clock that would ensure that each ship would begin when it was allowed to. That same clock would allow them to coordinate their actions with their teammates. That clock was now at 59 seconds and counting down. Angelion.52 was in warp drive and was scheduled to drop out of warp at T+10 seconds. All five ships in their team would appear at the same time but in slightly different locations. The first task of the Angelion.52's navigator was to find their opponents. Galahad would then take the Angelion.52 into battle.
When the clock ticked down to zero, a buzzer sounded throughout the ship. At T+10 precisely, Engineer dropped the 52 into normal space. At T+13, Navigator announced, "Five targets identified. They have us surrounded." 
Captain Galahad gave these instructions to his crew in the frantic seconds left to them. 
"Navigator, evasive action."
...
"Shields, maximum strength." 
...
"Navigator: Watch that cruiser. Notify me immediately if you see a flash."
... 
"Crew, grab something. We will execute a sudden halt on 5, 4, 3, 2, 1, and now." 
...
"Engineer, I want maximum reverse now. Drop us down hard."
...
"Shields, I see incoming fire from all sides. Maximum power to all shields."
...
"We have air leaks in 23A and 23C. Let's get on top of those."
...
"We have smoke in the engine room. Seal all firewalls. Engineer, what's your status?"
...
"Captain, I have to shut down port engine. We'll be listing badly."
"All crew: Put on helmets and activate your oxygen feed."
...
"Captain, the cruiser has fired."
"Navigator: Severe evasive action."
...
"Captain, the cruiser's torpedo has locked onto our signal."
"Engineer, take us dark."
...
"All crew, prepare for full power outage."
...
"Captain, torpedo is still coming."
"Captain, our four sister teams are in sight now. Time is T+20.
"All crew: Prepare for torpedo impact."
...
The ship shuddered and then the clock's buzzer sounded. All power was restored to the ship. 
"Angelion.52, War Games Command rules that you have been destroyed. Return to the docking yard for damage assessment at your first opportunity."
Galahad looked at the clock. They had come out of warp and dropped into their assigned location, which happened to me in the middle of the opposing ships. They had lasted twenty-five seconds with ten of those seconds being consumed by falling out of warp. Total actual active battle time: 15 seconds.
 # # # # # # # #
The crew was all in the ship's battle command center. Winnie was in there too, but standing semi-concealed in an alcove by the port staircase.
Galahad was standing behind the captain's chair. Both of his hands were gripping the pad at the top of his chair so tightly that his knuckles were white. He was looking down at the deck. 
"Weapons, how long would it take a cruiser to find us, determine our course, plot an intercept course, and fire a torpedo?"
"Twenty seconds minimum Captain, seeing as how we had suddenly dropped out of warp." 
"Shields, if that's the case, what is your conclusion?"
"The torpedo left the cruiser at T+14. They would have had to set up the interception course six seconds before we dropped out of warp."
 Galahad remained staring at the deck. Nobody said anything, but his crew did act to form a group huddle with Galahad in the middle. Angels huddle differently than humans. Everybody opened their wings, raised them into flying mode, and then clustered around their captain. Galahad was safe under a feathery shield. 
 # # # # # # # #
 "Winnie, if you stand over here, you'll be able to hear and see the other captains when they communicate with me now that they've been knocked out of the war game too. You can read angel's faces, right?"
"Yes."
"They can't see you where you're standing, but don't talk. The mic will pick up your voice. Just message me what you see on their faces."
"You don't want the crew to hear this?"
"They have enough to deal with now."
 # # # # # # # #
"What happened 52? You were supposed to arrive at T+20, the same time as we did. What happened?"
[Lie.]
"We'll be investigating that, 78."
"Obeying orders is one of the fundamental expectations of a space ship captain. When did you drop out of warp, 52?"
"T+10."
"That wasn't even close to your orders, 52. Over and out."
[In ship-to-ship communications, captains are identified by the number of their ship.] 
 # # # # # # # #
"What were you thinking, 52? You weren't instructed to arrive ten seconds before we did. You ruined the surprise."
[Lie. You were supposed to arrive early. You were the one to be surprised.]
"I thank you for drawing that to my attention, 98."
"I've asked the war game admirals to never assign you to one of my teams in future, 52. If you can't follow orders, I don't want you. Over and out."

 # # # # # # # #
"It was a simple operation, 52. Drop out of warp at T+20 and then support the larger ships as required." 
[Lie. He never expected you to do that.]
"Thanks you for pointing that out, 111."
"How can you not arrive on time? Over and out."
[Lie. He knows that you arrived on time.]
 # # # # # # # #
"I'm having difficulties understanding why you were so early, 52."
[Lie. He understands completely why we arrived early.]
"So am I."
"Let's talk another time. I don't know what happened here. I have a meeting in ten minutes."
[Both statements are lies.]
But then #48 held up a handwritten sign saying, Secure Line.
"Over and out, 52," he concluded.
"He wants me to call him on a secure line within ten minutes." Galahad pushed a couple of buttons on his console.
"52 to 48."
"I couldn't warn you, 52. I didn't find out what they were doing to you until the last minute. I think they have suspicions about me. The other captains knew."
"Are we still on for tonight?"
"Yes. After that, I don't know."
"Appreciate everything you've done, 48."
"You don't have many friends in court, 52. But, a lot of the captains know what's going on. It would be hard not to. I'll do what I can for you."
[All of that was true.]
 # # # # # # # #
The Angelion.52 was warping back to Heaven under automatic pilot. The hold was full of supplies. The crew was off duty. Galahad was sitting back in one of the boardroom's comfortable chairs in mortal form, his stocking feet on the tabletop. Winnie was in a chair next to him, her feet also up but resting on the edge of the table. She was in jeans and a t-shirt. Galahad had opted for cowboy garb. His boots were under the table. They were relaxing. De-stressing. When she looked to her left, she could see that Galahad's eyes were closed. 
"Did you learn anything interesting from the games?" Galahad asked. 
Winnie was too full of impressions, both of her time wandering around the planet in the second day of the war games and the poker games to answer his question properly. 
"I saw too many faces to form any judgments. At the poker game, the other captains were easy enough to read. I had to work real hard not to take advantage. I liked your idea of playing dumb."
"Drawing attention to yourself at a poker table might have felt good, but that won't help us in the long run."
"You said that the final battle in war games is different. How does that work?"
"The captains of the two teams with the best records select the ship that they want to fight in the last battle on behalf of their team. It's one against one to determine the winner of the war games." 
 "Each ship captain will receive a sealed envelope that he will open at T minus 30. A status report on his ship is inside the envelope. He has thirty seconds to scan his injury lists, his remaining armaments, and his remaining defenses. The battle strengths and weaknesses of the two ships are determined randomly. A captain is expected to be able to remember the conditions on his ship, so the status report will flash burn after thirty seconds. During the battle, the captains can see each other and can hear the commands the other captain is issuing. The captain of the ship that wins the final battle is awarded the title of Admiral of the War Games, which he will hold for six months. The title is an honor that doesn't translate into anything else. The teams that come first and second are seeded first and second in the next war games."
"You said that you were going to weaponize me for the final battle. What final battle?" 
"The final battle of the next war games at the end of January."
"How will you do that?"
"You'll get to see the face of the opposing captain. Neither captain knows the status of the opposing ship. It might have weak shields. It might have expended all of its cannon shells. Each captain will try to use the face-to-face contact to find a weakness. They are encouraged to talk with each other. Both captains will bluff."
"Like in poker?"
"Yes. Last night, you probably played poker against the captain we will face in January. You'll have some idea how aggressively he will bluff. Plus, if you can start him talking, you might be able to learn something about his ship's status. Get him thinking about his ship and you might be able to see its strengths or weaknesses on his face."
"I will do that?"
"Yes, You will be the captain in front of the camera. I will be your battle commander."
"Do you actually think that we'll going make it to the final?" 
"Yes. I have faith in you."
"In me?"
"Yes."
"I don't know anything about military strategies in space. I don't know the strengths and weaknesses of the spherical space ships that Angelion has designed for its entire space force. I have no idea how to defeat them."
"You'll have six months to learn."
 # # # # # # # #
"Galahad, why does everybody, absolutely everybody on Angelion wear white? I never saw another color on their bodies. I saw lots of colors in the food that they sell. Are they restricted to just white in their clothing?"
"I don't think so."
"Angels here are like an ant colony. Everybody is the same. Same thing in Heaven. What's so magical about white?"
"Purity?"
"Isn't white-only apparel taking it too far?"
"It's a good question. Do you have anything else that I can't answer for you?"
"The captain that told you that he had complained to the war game people was interesting. Why did he hate you so much? I thought angels didn't have emotions."
"That one I can answer. Angels have emotions. They are usually very polite, they are thoughtful, and they can be reticent to share emotions. But angels as a species have emotions."
"I haven't seen that in Heaven."
"Ahh. That's because the bodies that Angelion gives us for the souls are their cheapest possible body that they produce for us. That's why Joe-Joe is always tinkering with bodies to make them more capable of being guardian angels. The souls that are in Heaven are not fully loaded angel bodies by any stretch of the imagination. If Heaven had a full selection of bodies that we could draw on, we could have a very strong guardian angel contingent. Angelion just wants the fees that they receive from the Cosmos for being our home planet. We can't offer Angelion anything that would make them more interested in us, so they give us their cheapest bodies and ignore us. They make more money that way."
"You have emotions about that, I see."
"Yeah, I do. But I don't normally show it because military angels are supposed to be always in control. You don't want to be around me when I'm expressing my emotions."
"What was that huddle with your crew all about?"
"The crew were expressing their emotions in a military manner. They wouldn't say anything to me; that's not a proper military thing to do. So they told me with their huddle that they were on my side."
"Did that affect you?"
"It certainly did. But I was hidden from view as the umbrella is intended, so nobody except you knows that."
"A white feathered umbrella. It was very touching that they would do that for you."
"We were hit hard, but we'll train for the next games and wait for you to have an idea." 
"You're getting desperate?"
"Nothing will change until you, Guinevere, make it change." 
"Thanks for the pressure."
 # # # # # # # #
"Are you awake, Galahad?"
"Barely."
"Why don't you take the sofa? I have your ship's technical manual to read and that will keep me awake. How long before we're home?"
"Eight hours or so." 
"Go on. Take the sofa. My body doesn't need much sleep."
"OK."
Winnie read for a couple of hours and then felt the need to sleep. But first, she looked in on Galahad on the sofa. He was curled up on his right side, his back pressed up against the back of the sofa. His knees were bent because he was a little too big for the sofa. He looked very comfortable with his head resting on the pillow of his right arm. 
Winnie listened to him breathing. Long deep breathes. His eyelids were twitching a bit. Perhaps a dream? She leaned over and put her hand on his forehead and the twitches subsided. The hand had a mind of its own and migrated to his cheek, which she stroked gently. She felt little bristles of whiskers. She moved her hand to his chin and turned his face up gently. Even though she knew that this was wrong, she leaned over and put her lips against his lips so softly that he'd never know. When his head started to rise off the pillow of his arm to return the kiss, she pulled away. Kissing a sleeping man wasn't right. Galahad's head relaxed against the pillow, he sighed, smiled, and began to breathe deeply again. He must never find out what she had just done.
Winnie found the chair, scrunched into it, and tried to relax. The sensation of his lips against hers was still in her mind when she fell asleep. 
 # # # # # # # #
Galahad awoke in the middle of the night, raised his head, looked for Winnie and saw her body in the armchair. He got up and looked closely at her. She had her knees pulled up tight to her body, which was scrunched into the chair. Her head was resting on her right arm, which formed a pillow on one of the armrests. Her body, legs, and shoulders were twisted into a pretzel shape. She'd be sore for weeks. This was not right. She shouldn't be sleeping in an armchair.
Galahad approached the chair, knelt down, and slipped his right hand under her hips. His left arm found a space between her back and arm chair. Gently, he lifted her out of the chair and when her head started to fall backwards, he pulled her upper body tightly against his chest so that her head would be supported. Then, he stood up and was about to walk towards the sofa when she began to move. He froze. She turned her shoulders slightly, found a comfortable angle, rested her head against his chest and relaxed. He waited until she was breathing deeply again before he moved towards the couch. 
Again, he knelt and gently deposited her on the cushions of the couch. It was long enough that her entire body could rest on the seat cushions if she bent her knees a little. She began to move. He waited and watched. One arm became her pillow, her head found that pillow, and she relaxed. Galahad watched her as she fell back fully asleep. 
Galahad listened to her breathing. Long deep breathes. Her eyelids were twitching a bit. Perhaps a dream? He put his hand on her forehead and the twitches subsided. The hand had a mind of its own and migrated to her cheek, which he stroked gently. She had soft skin. He moved his hand to her chin and turned her face up gently. Even though he knew this was wrong, he leaned over and put his lips against her lips so softly that she'd never know. When her head started to rise off the pillow of her arm to return the kiss, he pulled away. Kissing a sleeping woman wasn't right. Winnie's head relaxed against the pillow, she sighed, smiled, and began to breath deeply again. She must never find out what he had just done. He would have to be strong.
Galahad pulled the cushion off of the armchair, put it on the floor, and laid down The sensation of her lips against his was still in his mind when he fell asleep. 
 # # # # # # # #
A muted buzzing woke Winnie. She was on the sofa. She looked across the room and saw Galahad sleeping on the floor. Sometime during the night, he had obviously carried her to the sofa. He was still sleeping. She sat up, stretched, and went over to shake him awake. He awoke with a start.
"Winnie, you're awake," he said. 
"And so are you now. I assume that buzzing meant something."
"One hour to landing. How did you sleep?"
"I had the strangest dream. And you? This floor couldn't have been comfortable. Thank you for giving me the sofa."
"I'm used to sleeping on hard ground. At least this floor didn't have rocks on it."
"I had an idea last night, Galahad. I know how we can have a chance in the next war games."
"Can you tell me?"
"Not yet. Guinny has to approve it, and there's a chance that she won't. After that, I have to talk to somebody. I'll tell you as soon as I know that we can proceed. You will love it."
"Did you get your idea from your strange dream?"
"No. Your technical manual gave me the idea. My dream... well, let's just say that it was dreamy."
"Most dreams are."

Back to the Table of Contents

Chapter 16

Monday, August 10. Winnie was back in Heaven after spending Sunday helping to feed the Wilizy construction crews in Tijuana. She was sitting in Guinny's office in mortal form, feet up on her desk, and sipping hot chocolate. Guinny was sitting beside her in mortal form, also with her feet up and sipping a mug of hot chocolate. They were in mortal form because Earth's chairs were not manufactured with the comfort of winged angels in mind.
"How's the operation against the California governor going?" Guinny asked. 
"The new city of Tijuana is taking shape. Still a lot to do. Both the cadets and the Valkyries went on shopping trips and have their costumes ready. Mac says that they're on time with all of the construction goals."
"How'd Maddy's team do in Colorado?"
"They won the interstate tournament in convincing fashion. They met Missoula again. Their two games in Montana had been close, with the BBBs winning in the final innings. This time, they only faced Missoula the one time and Maddy pitched the whole game. It wasn't close. One of the assistant coaches said that the BBBs were better batters now because they have been practicing against Maddy and her pitcher friend. Some scouts from Arizona were at the game and talked with both the Missoula and Billings coaches. I don't know what that means. I don't understand the game."
"Me neither. Good for Maddy though. How's your granny?"
"She has the energy of a thirty-year old. For some reason, I think about you when I see her bustling around."
"I may have tweaked a few other parts of her body. Does she know why she's so healthy now?" 
"I wasn't going to ask. I'm guessing that she knows. Did you tell her?"
"No, but she's a smart woman. She'll know inevitably. How many Wilizy know about us now?"
"Well, let's see: Reese, Doc, Kashmira and Cassie with the Nemeses. On my team, Maddy, Karita, Paula, and William. Eight I guess."
"You make nine. The Wilizy are like a branch office of Heaven. How's William's work on the Angelion.52 proceeding?"
"It's hard for him to get away from the California operation, but he's had one meeting with Galahad and laid out the changes that he'll be making on the ship."
 "What's Galahad reaction to this?"
"I don't know. I hardly ever see him now that he's not my protector. I'm wondering if I did something wrong. Did he say anything when he met with you?"
"He said nothing about you. Like I told you, he came in yesterday morning after the ship docked and insisted that he be taken off the protection assignment. He was right that you don't need protection while you're in Heaven, so I agreed. With your new body, you don't need protection on Earth either."
"How are you doing with the space battle strategy research?" 
"I've gotten so desperate. I'm watching Star Trek TV shows and movies. There's gotta be something else somewhere."
"Angelion would have battle strategy histories and manuals, wouldn't they?"
"Yeah, but they're not going to give us those."
"What's their security like on their space ports?"
"Are you kidding me?"
"Just curious."
"It would make for a good training exercise once William had finished."
"Well, you work that out with Galahad. I don't want to know. Your sister-in-law will give birth today."
"Dreamer?"
"That's the one. Baby girl. They'll name her Franny after Dreamer's mother."
"Now you're showing off."
"Here's another prediction. Galahad will need you today. This message just came through. He's copied on it. It's on the screen now."
... 
"They're going to kick us out of their war games?"
"Yup. Because Galahad can't show up on time."
"I told you what I saw in their faces, right?"
"Yes, but we can't use that information. They've given us one last chance to show that we deserve to be in their war games. Galahad will not take this insult well. Nobody would. They'll ensure that we fail."
"We're definitely going to steal copies of their manuals."
"Atta girl. Try and spend some time with Galahad. He's going to need a friend." 
 # # # # # # # #
Back on Earth, Doc was meeting again with the three Ls. Lylah was reporting for the group.
"We found what we need in Canada before The Troubles. All ten provinces had a good universal health care system that was well developed. We discovered that they had fertility clinics that could help families like us. They could actually artificially fertilize an egg with sperm from a designated donor and insert that fertilized egg into a designated uterus. There were women who would serve as a temporary mother/host for nine months, usually for payment of some kind. After birth, that host would leave the baby with the man and woman who had provided the sperm and the egg. This was very normal back then. It was a safe way to allow a man/woman to have a child if one or both of them were infertile. As part of that process, the doctors would first determine what was preventing the man/woman from having a child in the normal way. This is exactly what we need."
"Why are you all doom and gloom then?"
[Can you take them out of that, Paula?]
[I'll try, Doc.]
"We can't get any medical assistance in Canada as it existed then. Every citizen had access to the health care system as part of the taxes that they paid. If you didn't pay taxes, they would not likely approve an elective operation like this. They would say that you had to go back to your own country."
 Lohla took over. "We are sort of Canadian citizens and we thought about faking our citizenship back then, but we wouldn't be able to produce all the documents and get them into the computer files. Besides, Lucas wouldn't agree to faking documents."
"It wouldn't be right."
"Did you look into other countries?" Doc asked.
"No. Our baby has to have proper documents. That means that she or he has to be born in the 2090s, not back in time. We didn't see how that could be done when health care systems were closed to outsiders."
"Why don't you think about it some more? There's no rush to make a decision. Look into other countries at least."
"We shouldn't give up so easily," Lucas said.
"Yeah, you're right," Lohla said.
"There could be fertility clinics elsewhere," Lylah chimed in. 
[Well done, Paula.]
[Thanks, Doc.]
 # # # # # # # #
Monday afternoon. Winnie emerged from the portal Galahad had given her to find herself on the top of a very high mountain. It was clear, windless, and sunny, but she could feel a bite of cold in the air. From what she could see, she was standing in a snowdrift on one of those single peak mountains shaped like a giant triangle. She completed a quick fly-around and saw the snow ended 100 meters or so down the slope. Below that, all she could see were rocky crags. No trees. Just bare cliffs and canyons. Nobody would be climbing or hiking up this mountain, although that would hardly be a barrier in Heaven.
She returned to the top and changed into a mortal body, with snow boots, gloves, and a parka. She had played in snow and knew how cold it could get. She noticed that there were no footprints in the snow other than her own. Off in the distance she could see a flying angel that was making good time. That would be Galahad and it was. He landed beside her and looked at her clothes. She was expecting that he would be breathing hard, given how fast he had been flying but he wasn't. 
"Good choice of clothes," he said. "Angelic bodies would be hard pressed to generate enough internal heat to cope with the cold we'll face."
"Where is this place?"
"If you want to fly here, its coordinates are: 0.0.0.0.0."
"Easy to remember."
"Highest place in Heaven."
"Heaven or a dimension of Heaven?"
"Heaven."
"How far are we from civilization?"
"From the barracks, it's a forty-five minute one way flight when I'm working at it. I try to get in one or two round trips a week as part of my fitness program. All of my team have long distance flying as part of their fitness goals. Each of them has a favorite route. This is mine. You can use the portal any time you want. It's handy for stress reduction."
"Do you need to reduce stress?"
"Yeah."
"You read the letter from Angelion?"
"Yeah."
"I did file my report on the lies and how they Angelion military had contrived to destroy the ship."
"I'm not stressed about that. You have a solution for us. We'll have to execute a battle plan, but that just takes hard work. I have a highly skilled crew. They'll take on this challenge."
"When it's time to test the ship, think about sneaking into Angelion and taking a copy of their military playbooks. I'll need those to understand how they've fought battles in the past and how they fight them now."
...
"That's a good idea."
"Guinny pointed me to it."
"Good to know she's supportive. She didn't look any too pleased when I resigned my position as your protector."
"Why'd you do that?"
"It was something I had to do."
"You said you used this place to de-stress. How? Skiing?"
"I'll show you."
Galahad shuffled through the snow to a flat looking snow bank and cleared snow off it. Two side-by-side stone benches emerged into the daylight. The lids on both lifted up. He pulled a blanket from one cavity and handed it to Winnie. He took a blanket for himself from the other cavity and closed both lids. "Sit on the blanket and wrap it around yourself. Keep your hands inside."
When she was set to his satisfaction, he changed into his mortal body complete with fatigues. He wrapped the blanket around his body so that it covered him head to toe and sat down. "Ready?"
"OK, I think."
"The blanket will respond to instructions to generate heat if you become too cold."
"OK"
"Mountain, run Blizzard."
The difference in the weather was immediate. Gusty winds to start with; then driving sleet that stuck to their faces. Winnie looked to her left and saw Galahad's face almost covered in frozen pellets. She figured her face would the same. From what she could see, Galahad was smiling. Winnie thought-created a motorcycle helmet with a full face shield onto her head. That took care of her frozen face.
The swirling wind intensified and it attacked from all sides. She found herself gripping tightly to the arms of the stone bench as the wind buffeted side to side. A seat belt appeared and buckled her in.
[Sorry about that. It's been a while since I've used a belt. Isn't this great?]
[Uh, yeah? What's the wind chill factor now?]
[Not to worry. There's no permanent damage. This is raw nature here. The winds are sub cyclonic so you won't be lifted off your bench and the benches certainly won't blow away. How about some frozen rain?]
[If you're making me into a human Popsicle, can I be lime?]
[Lime it is.]
Winnie lifted her visor a smidgeon and saw frozen lime rain coating her parka. Still, she wasn't all that uncomfortable. She knew she was safe because Galahad was there and he would never hurt her.
[Is this the worst it's going to get now?]
[I'm glad you asked.]
"Eye of the storm," he instructed the mountain. In the relative calm that descended onto the peak, Winnie lifted her visor and saw Galahad stand up. He had hiking boots on his feet now along with clothes that suggested he would be hiking on a pleasant spring day. He used the bench to step up to the very peak of the mountain and bent over to fiddle with something.
[My boots are now clamped solidly to the mountain.] "Mountain, run Extreme."
The mountain came back to life with hurricane winds. Winnie was able to turn her head enough to see Galahad's body bucking in the wind. 
Inexplicably, she heard him yell, "IS THAT ALL YOU GOT?"
The mountain responded with lightning bolts that flashed in the air around him. Instantaneous thunder rolled over the mountaintop.
"IS THAT ALL YOU GOT?"
This time, in addition to the thunder and lightning, the rain pored down and drenched him. As the wind increased in velocity again, Winnie looked up at him. Galahad was standing on the mountaintop, his hands raised above his head, his shirt and pants billowing behind him, and lightning flashing around him. He bellowed into wind, "IS THAT ALL YOU GOT?"
Apparently it was. 
 # # # # # # # #
"You can use the portal to return to your castle, or if you like, we can fly back together."
"Will I ruin your fitness regimen if I fly back with you?"
"No."
"Why don't I do that then?"
"Suit yourself."
...
"Why did you show me your mountain?"
"I haven't been spying on you, but I suspect that you haven't been skating, or swimming, or fencing very much."
"No. I've been mostly reading."
"You could use a fly to the mountain to improve your fitness. If you wanted to, you could de-stress with the weather program. I've set the program so that it will respond to your voice or your thoughts."
"Did you think that I needed to de-stress?"
"I don't know about now, but you have had stress problem in the past. I won't be around to help you with those."
"Why did you resign? Was it something that I did or said?"
"No. It was more along the lines of what I did."
 "I don't understand."
"Are you getting tired?"
"No. How does the mountain de-stress you?"
"For me, stress builds up when I'm facing challenges with other immortals. Dealing with Angelion and their politicians, for example. When I fight the raw presence of nature, and defeat it, that helps me."
"How?"
"If I can defeat nature, I know that I can defeat anything."
"And today's stresses?"
"I know I can be strong today. I beat the mountain." 
...
"How much further?"
"Let's land and rest."
...
"Where is this place?" 
"I don't know exactly. I don't think anybody has ever mapped Heaven."
"Prairie land," she noticed and sat down in a cross legged position."
"Your leg muscles are healed now," he observed.
"Yes." Winnie dug her hands into the soil. "Is this real soil or imaginary soil?"
Galahad knelt down beside her and put his hands in the soil. "Feels real. I wonder how deep it goes.
The two of them dug their hands in deeper and began hand-shoveling.
...
"Apparently, it goes a long way down. Why did you want to know?"
"I was thinking of Martha and how she liked to plant flowers."
"Well, if she planted flowers here, she'd have sunlight and as much water as she wanted. I'm sure this area of heaven has climate controls like every other place."
Winnie stood up and turned in a circle. "The prairie goes on forever."
"Let me show you how the military carries wounded colleagues back to base."
"I'm not wounded."
"You're just in horrible shape."
"Yeah."
"Can you raise only your left wing?"
"I don't know. I've never tried to raise only one wing."
"Try it now."
...
"Good. Now I'm going to stand next to you and slide my right wing under yours. Let your left wing relax and rest on my wing."
...
"Good. Now, you aren't going to flap your inner wing, and I'm not going to flap my inner wing. I will flap my outer wing, and you will do the same and together we'll fly on one wing each. Ready?"'
"Yes."
"Bend your knees and spring into the air with me on 3, 2, 1, and now."
The take off was a little shaky. Galahad had to use his inner arm to pull Winnie into the air with him. Then, as their wing beats synchronized, he let it go. 
...
"This is quite pleasant," Winnie said. 
"I suppose. The military doesn't think of it as pleasant or not pleasant. It's effective in transporting a wounded colleague." 
"What am I supposed to do with my inner arm?"
"Let it hang naturally."
Winnie did. 
So did Galahad.
...
"Sorry. I lost the beat."
"It's OK. I caught you with my inner arm. It can come in handy after all, I guess."
"I'll hold onto this arm in case I lose the beat again."
"Suit yourself. I don't mind."
"Perhaps I should hold your hand instead. I'll have a better grip that way."
....
"I learned something about our halocratic camera coverage if you're interested," Galahad the tour director said.
"I'm always interested in security cameras and where they are."
"There's no camera coverage between here and the mountain."
"Meaning that there's coverage from here into downtown Heaven?"
"Yes."
"I think I'm strong enough to fly the rest of the way on my own."
"Suit yourself."
...
 "Thank you for showing me your mountain, Galahad. I miss our time together."
"Just so that you know, Winnie. I will be strong."
[Why is he emphasizing that?]

 Back to the Table of Contents

Chapter 17

In the third week of August, the Mexican army arrived in Tijuana and set up camp away from the border. They began construction on an empty lot that was one block long and one block wide. The structure was planned initially to be a giant mess hall, staffed by the army. As soon as it was up and running, the Wilizy would eat their meals there. After Colorado left Tijuana, the mess hall would be become a series of restaurants owned and operated by Mexican entrepreneurs. A city with most of its restaurants inside a single square block would be well received by citizens who could find what they wanted to eat easily. 
Also in that week, Wilizy members began to order sleep pads and pillows in large numbers. Lumber transportation ceased and the skilled carpenters began on the finishing work for the building that would become the operations center for the trade port. 
 # # # # # # # #
In the fourth week of August, the stoves and fixtures for the mess hall/restaurant complex arrived and the army began installing them. 
The Mexican army's carpenters also began work on several multistory large building complexes that would be used to house visitors to Tijuana. Later, one building would become a hotel, and the other an apartment complex. Plumbing fixtures, stoves and refrigerators for these buildings began arriving and were stored out of town along with the sleep pads and pillows that the Wilizy had ordered. 
Wilizy carpenters remained on site, however everybody else was back into normal routines. 
The cadets were back in camp and were training on the hogs that the Wilizy had liberated from the Sidewinders. [Second Base, #13.] Each cadet had been given his own motorcycle in payment for throwing the dead bikers down deep mineshafts, but the bikes had been kept primarily in storage since 2088 because they were too big and powerful for boys of that age to handle. That wasn't the case any longer. 
The Valkyries were also back in camp and working on their presentation skills. Costume fittings, or un-fittings as the case may be, were conducted inside their dorm. A final undressed rehearsal had been planned where each Valkyrie would walk the walk of shame in their strips of clothing. Awards would be given to the best pouters, flouncers, and attention-grabbing artistes. Addison would serve as the judge. Only members of the superior gender would be invited to the undressed-rehearsal. 

Back to the Table of Contents

Chapter 18

As September approached, Winnie had one final piece of housekeeping to perform on an operation that had consumed her afterlife for the last two weeks. As part of that afterlife, she had unofficially approached two of Heaven's most prestigious scientists: Alan Turing and Isaac Newton. Winnie had assisted in a very small way in their research on using artificial intelligence to create some facial recognition software. [Black Cats: Lucky or Unlucky? #22] This time she wanted to enlist their help in a different AI project. During that conversation, she learned the difference between pure science and applied science and how Heaven treated each of these research thrusts. 
While she was working on that operation, she had had no reason to return to Galahad's mountain because she was not stressed. This particular operation kept her busy. She didn't know this, but Galahad had also not returned to the mountain, and for the same reason. He was virtually afterliving on the Angelion.52. You will now learn about Winnie's current operation through the magic of cinema. 
The cast of Winnie's production of Operation Flower Power will feature Queen Guinevere as the reluctant-to-fire monarch, Allan Turing and Isaac Newton as the rebellious scientists, Clarence as the halocrat who is in love with pure science, and Winnie as the grumpy gardener. 
The curtains open to reveal a large office in Heaven's Research Science Institute building. Clarence, the Head Research Scientist, is sitting in the chair behind his desk. He is wearing his white lab coat. A guest is sitting in one of the chairs that are facing the desk. She is wearing white feathers. [Duh!] 
Quiet on the set. Lights, cameras, action.
"You do understand, Clarence, that this project will provide Heaven with valuable resources."
"Yes, but our staff is fully engaged in important research projects. I can't possibly spare any of them. I remind you that I have authority to allocate my staff."
"And this research that you are conducting will give Heaven valuable information?"
"Yes. Our study of the interaction of polynucleotides with nucleic biopolymers will reveal the relative effectiveness of monomers made of 5-carbon sugar, a phosphate group, and a nitrogenous base."
"Would you consider this to be pure science or applied science?"
"Definitely pure science. The best kind."
"And how will this help Heaven?"
"Scientific discoveries always help Heaven."
"When will this discovery help Heaven?"
"Research can be a long and arduous process."
"When can we expect some value to appear from this long and arduous process?"
"That all depends on what we find. It's possible that our discoveries will be so monumental that they will lead to other research avenues, which will lead to other research avenues, which will..."
"I understand. Heaven receives knowledge. What does Earth get?"
"Well, nothing immediate, I guess. Our research does have implications for DNA creation. It's possible that we could create a different human body."
"What would be the time frame on that? Months, years, centuries?"
"Oh, centuries I'm sure. Research can be a long and ..."
"I got that part. What percentage of your staff have you allocated to this pure science research?"
"As of this week, 85%."
"Which leaves 15% of our scientists who are working on Applied Science. What kind of projects are they working on?"
"Two are investigating how certain viruses could be neutralized. Two are investigating the application of artificial intelligence to improve Heaven's ability to predict future events on Earth. We have one study looking at increasing the growth rate of vegetables."
"So these five investigations will improve either Heaven or Earth in the near future?"
"Yes, but that's not going help much. Earth has far too many problems for us to solve."
"Increasing the growth rate of vegetables is not valuable?"
"That's the agricultural research I told you about. Your project is about flowers. I can't justify dropping the vegetable project for a flower project."
"You could do both."
"Absolutely not. My staff would be very unhappy."
[Cue the rebellious scientists.]
Knock, knock.
"Alice, I said that we weren't to be interrupted."
"That's OK, Clarence. I'm almost finished with you."
"Boss, do you have a minute or two? Isaac and I want to run our AI results by you."
"That will have to wait. Next month, perhaps."
"Alan Turing, is that you?" Winnie asked excitedly.
"Winnie! So good to see you!"
"Isaac Newton! Are you out in the hallway hiding from me?"
"Not at all, Winnie. How long has it been?"
"Far too long, Isaac. 
"We should catch up, Winnie."
"Let's do that now. Come on in. Clarence and I have been discussing pure science versus applied science. Grab a seat. You don't mind do you Clarence?"
"Not at all, but..."
"Good. Now I know about your AI project and I have another AI idea that I want to pass by you. Isaac, where do you stand on the question of how much emphasis should be placed on pure science versus applied science."
"Well, that's difficult to quantify in present circumstance. Perhaps we should..."
"Let's do it now. Isaac, is applied research a waste of my time and resources to pursue? I want the truth. Don't sugar coat it. I want you to be frank and I promise you there will be no repercussion if you say anything that I disagree with. Clarence says the same thing, right Clarence?"
"Of course."
"Well, in that case, I am strongly opposed to this institute's history of spending far too much time and resources to research scientific knowledge that will never be useful to Heaven or to Earth for at least a century, if that. The little bit of AI we've been able to study has already proven its value with facial recognition software. Alan and I could add dozens of AI studies, but we are only allowed to have one."
"Wow, I didn't expect that response." [Yes, Winnie will lie. You should know that by now.] "Alan, I expect you are in the pure science camp."
"Far from that Winnie. As you know, I'm very much into developing our computer resources. We are hopelessly behind the scientists on Earth, who do not have the staff of scientists that Heaven has accumulated in the last hundred years. For example, Bill Gates is studying protons for us, which is a waste of his talents. Other than a few angels on staff, every scientist in the institute feels frustrated by Clarence's insistence that we work on virtually useless projects."
"Well, you certainly didn't sugar coat that. Thanks, guys. We'll talk again."
[Rebellious scientists exit stage left.]
"Well Clarence, what do you think now?"
"I will not be pressured to make decisions that are not in the best interests of the long term future of Heaven and its place in the Cosmos."
[Cue Queen Guinevere.]
Knock, knock. "Boss?" Alice asked through the door. 
"No interruptions, Alice."
"Boss, you really have to take this call. I'm putting it up on the screen behind your desk."
The screen flickered and became clear.
Winnie immediately jumped to her feet and bowed from her waist. "My Queen," she said to the floor that she was staring at. 
Clarence echoed Winnie's stance and words. He didn't know anything about a queen but he wasn't going to take any chances. Pure research scientists can be very pragmatic when they need to be.
"Relax, Winnie. Clarence, go stand in the corner next to the door and put your nose against the wall."
Clarence did. 
"Report, Winnie." 
"It's as bad as you predicted, My Queen. Your Research Science Institute is operating at about a 5% capacity. The majority of staff are chafing under Clarence's dictatorial leadership and will likely start to make public statements about that soon. He has to go. I can promote one of the senior scientists to his position."
"What should I do about Clarence?"
"I have a job opening in the flower project. I call it a Flower Enhancement Officer."
"What does that mean?"
"He has to weed the flowers. Miles and miles of them."
"Isn't that kind of harsh?"
"It's suitable for a dictator who doesn't consult his staff."
"Is there any value for us if we maintain a pure research section in the institute?"
"I could see a staff of two plus Clarence, but he can't have any authority."
"Offer that to him. If he doesn't like it, he can weed flowers for the rest of eternity."
"Yes, My Queen."
[Fade to black, cut, and print. Well done everybody].
# # # # # # # #
It's the next day and the same office. Winnie was sitting with Turing and Newton in the three visitor chairs. The chair behind the desk was empty.
"Your thoughts on a new director?" Winnie asked.
"Alex and I favor putting Bill Gates into that position. He ran a worldwide highly successful organization for many years. It shouldn't matter that he's a recent angel."
"I agree. Suggest his name to your key associates. If they agree, I'll arrange to have Queen Guinevere announce his promotion publicly."
"Sending a little message to the halocracy, are we?"
"Definitely. We can't have dinosaurs staying forever in positions of authority simply because they're the oldest angel in the organization."
"No argument from me on that and I'm approaching my 400th birthday in Heaven."
 "One of Gates' first tasks will be to assign a project manager for the flower initiative. You might help him on that."
"General outline?"
"There are no flowers in Heaven. There are very few flowers on Earth. Flowers help to make people feel better. Heaven has thousands of mile of fertile soil. We can use some of that to produce a flower crop. Everything about the project to grow flowers should be automated. After we acquire the bulbs, we can clone them in huge numbers. Robots driven by AI will handle all of the tasks including sowing, cutting, packaging, and transporting. Alan, you told me that we could do this. Isaac, do you agree?"
"Yes. We'll have to conduct some research on how to maximize the number of crops that we try for. Our controlled weather should be conducive to harvesting several crops a year if not more. Or, we could use more fertile land and have fields stand empty for a season. We'll need some horticultural experts on the project."
"Do we have some in Heaven?"
"Definitely," Turing assured.
"What percentage of the crops do you want to go to Earth and to Heaven, Winnie?" Newton asked.
"For now, 10% - 20% to Heaven. We want flowers in baskets, on windowsills, and in aeries. We want them everywhere. Offer them free from flower stands throughout the city. This may lead to angels wanting to plant seeds for their aeries, which will require us to look at personal gardens and where they might be positioned. The project manager can chew on that."
"So Earth receives 80% to 90% of the crop?"
"Yes, Alex. Remember, this is a money-making venture. The money we raise will go towards finding an Earth-based company that can manufacture chairs and sofas that angels can sit in comfortably without having to hook our wings over the backs. When we have that problem fixed, the money can go to purchasing other supplies that we need in Heaven. We won't have any more shopper angels going to garage sales and sending us Earth's cast offs! We'll change the designation of shopper angels to flower angels and they will sell our flowers from flower stores. The demand for flowers in Earth will take off because they have none right now. We'll get some competition, but we'll have an automated production covering thousand of miles. No mortal company will be able to compete with that."
"Sounds like you took a few business degrees in your time."
"My brother and sister-in-law are business wizards. I floated some theoretical ideas by them."
"When I'm creating the AI horticultural robots, should I be thinking about the ease of converting them to other horticultural products?"
"Yes, you should but I don't know specifically what yet."
"And when we run out of fertile land in Heaven?"
"Then we'll grow crops in alternate dimensions. How many of those do we have Isaac?"
"I think we'll have enough."
"Do you have a name for the shops, Winnie?" Isaac asked.
"What do you think about Heavenly Flowers?"
 
Back to the Table of Contents
Chapter 19

As September approached, in California, the mayor's inner circle of aides convened to map out the strategies that Pancha Villa's election campaign would take during the election months. They acknowledged that the mayor connected very easily to an audience. However, they knew that she was terrible in a debate or in a media scrum because she became rattled when unexpected questions were posed. Given those strengths and weaknesses, the strategists decided that she should focus her time completely on political rallies. New aides were hired to arrange dates and venues so that she would speak at least once to every medium-to-large center of population in the state. Local law officials would take care of crowd control with the warning that their new governor would not look benevolently on their budget for the next year if any known white agitators were seen in the rally's audience. Since it would be impossible for local law officers to know in advance which white spectators were agitators, they decided to block all of them from entering the rally building. This was exactly what the mayor's staff had wanted but they also wanted the law enforcers to make that difficult decision. The mayor would have throngs of cheering supporters and would play off that emotion.
Now, as to what she would say in the speech. There was strong agreement on the strategy that the mayor should assume. Before they could formalize that strategy, Addison, the mayor's Head of Security, raised her hand and was given permission to speak. 
"I see that you are all focusing on a strategy that should work for this election. The mayor will make numerous promises so that every sector of the population will have a strong reason to vote for her."
Everybody nodded.
"She will then ignore all of her promises and never fulfill one of them unless she can link some graft to it that won't be noticed." 
Again, everybody nodded. This was Electioneering 101. Promise and then lie. Take anonymous donations whenever you can. It almost always works. 
Addison continued. "What you haven't noticed is that this strategy will work for the mayor's first election. In the next election, she will be notorious for her lies, her inability to implement needed changes, and the use of her office to make herself rich. In her second run for office, she will lose to a candidate who can run electioneering strategy 101 against her. This is why elected positions in government almost always last for only one term and then the incumbent is defeated. But Mayor Villa has the potential to be a governor for life. Think of being the aide who is linked forever to a successful sleaze-ball politician, and I say that with admiration. How easy your life will be; how happy the mayor will be; and how well she will reward you with tax-free bonuses. You have a road to repeat wins if you're smart enough to see it."
And then, Addison stopped talking and sat down. 
"Well," Zavier prodded.
"I hesitate to say anything more."
"You can't just stop."
"I think I've been clear enough that you'll be able to intuit what the secret to success for a candidate like Mayor Villa is. It will work perfectly with your strategy to focus on rallies. I'm sure you have it figured out already."
[Well, no they hadn't.]
"Won't it be faster if you just told us? We may not be able to in-too-it what you want us to in-too-it."
[Zavier had no idea what intuit meant and obviously couldn't spell it either. You can probably intuit that neither did his colleagues.]
"I'm reluctant to say more because this should be your strategy, not mine. I will probably have to disappear after the election. People will see me protecting the mayor and I will have to move on."
"Why will you have to move on?"
"I have killed a number of people in the course of my security career. Politicians don't usually want a contract killer on their staff."
"Are you a contract killer?" Zavier asked. "I thought you said that you wouldn't kill."
"I'm trying to cut down. If the wrong people see me, that might embarrass the governor. Trust me, you don't want me around after the election. The mayor needs to be completely unaware of what I do and how I may have helped her election chances with some accidental deaths."
"We can promise to keep your name out of our report."
"Yes, we'll do that for you."
"Yup, count me in."
[See how generous aspiring politicians can be when they have a chance to take credit for something that they didn't do?]
"That's great. Thank you so much."
[Gag.]
"So?"
"I call this strategy treacherously honest."
Zavier was first to respond. "I like the treacherous part; but honesty, like sincerity, is not something that politicians can fake. It's against their nature."
Addison continued. "Let's say that during her campaign, the mayor discloses all the dirty and nasty things that she's planning to do to the whites as soon as she is elected. She lays it right out there in every rally. Her core supporters will love her to bits. The undecided voters will acknowledge that she's being honest, which is a rarity for a politician, and they will be influenced to vote for her. The more dirty tricks that the mayor promises to inflict on the whites, the more followers she will get. And, most importantly, the whites will know exactly what will happen to them starting on the first day that she takes office. How long do you think they'll stick around?"
"I love this strategy."
Zavier's endorsement prompted Addison to put the icing on the cake, or the cherry in the sundae, or more accurately, the bubble of gas in the sewage. 
"The next time that the governor runs, she can campaign on the treacherously hones platform and can be treacherous to whatever minority might exist that could get in her way. She can do this forever. She's always being honest." 
Treacherously honest was adopted as the underlying theme that would guide the content of the mayor's campaign. Addison would stick around for a while to add some ferocity if it were needed. She had already ensured that there would be no questions when she disappeared after the election.
[Addison proposed the idea of 'treacherously honest' when the Valkyries were asking for volunteers to be the rat in the mayor's woodpile. Everybody liked the idea and she had dyed her skin brown so that she could play the part.] 

Back to the Table of Contents

Chapter 20

"Galahad, I know that you are the best person here to lead the infiltration team into Angelion. No question about that. But, William can't give you a sling because you don't have a brain plug. Reese, Karita, William, and I will be invisible in our slings when we enter Angelion territory. We can't take the risk of you being caught."
"Karita shouldn't be on the team. She's very young and has no experience at all."
"I agree," Winnie agreed. "But, my mom kept Reese in Montana to help with the California construction. He's free now because my mom thinks he's going back to London. Karita spent the entire month, cooped up in the ship, all by herself. She stayed on task with her studies and didn't once complain. This operation is a reward for her. Besides, the chances of us being caught are infinitesimal."
"I wouldn't say that," Galahad groused.
"You're going to slide the Angelion.52 right up to the point where the planet can sense incoming ships. The four of us will get into the ship's lifeboat. We will have space gear. The lifeboat has more than ample fuel to make it to the planet and back. It's too small for the planet's sensors to see it. Is there any danger here?"
"I guess not."
"When we reach the port, we will hide the lifeboat in a cluster of larger ships. It will be dark. Nobody will be awake. We have a map of the city. We know where the military college is. Even if somebody looks outside, we'll be inside invisible slings. Is there a problem here?"
"No."
"Once we reach the military college, we will enter through the front door which is probably unlocked. There is no crime in the city. They have no reason to lock their doors. If we do run across a lock, we have William's lock picker. Is there a problem here?"
"No. But how will you find the information you're looking for?"
"We're looking for materials that describe how space battles have been fought in the past. We also want information on Angelion's battle tactics. What better place to look than the institute that teaches military angels how to fight space battles? There are four of us. We will take a floor each open every closet, storeroom or cupboard. When we find something useful, we can copy the storage bot. Then we come back to the ship. Is there a problem here?"
"No."
"You're making this fuss because you can't protect me, aren't you?"
"Well, it's ..."
"I see it on your face Galahad. I'm flattered but I'm also offended. I've had plenty of battle experience. You shouldn't be doubting me."
"How long will you be gone?"
"Probably an hour."
"Message me at each step."
"No. Messages might be caught by electronic surveillance. You know that."
"It doesn't feel right for you to be in danger when I can't protect you."
"I will go into dangerous situations. Get used to it." 
 # # # # # # # #
Reese, Karita, William and Winnie were back in 45 minutes. They had found an entire storeroom full of storage bots that had everything the students in the college would need for all their courses. There were no inventory controls on those bots. They grabbed two bots and returned to the ship. Galahad took the Angelion.52 out of the planet's atmosphere at a crawl. While they were still within the planet's orbit, he kept to normal speed. Only after they were well beyond Angelion's long distance scanner did he put the ship into warp drive. William disappeared into the engine room and began to take x-rays of the ship's engines and armaments. He already had the bot of the ship plans. He would remain in the engine room for the three days of travel back to Earth. 
Karita and Reese stayed with Galahad and Winnie in the command center while they were leaving the planet. They then took refuge in the ship's crew quarters and came out only for food and one time to ask if Galahad could take away the gravity in the crew quarters. Galahad didn't ask why. They were probably conducting scientific research. 
Winnie and Galahad began scanning through their bots. Winnie was at one end of the table and Galahad at the other end. While it's impossible to know what was going on in their minds, it's very likely that they were trying to find a way to avoid making a decision about sleeping arrangements in the board room. These two angels could easily work for three days and nights without sleeping. Neither of them even looked at the sofa during those three days in spite of the fact that it had a nice comfy set of cushions and was the right size for two mortal bodies if those mortals were willing to squeeze together. 
 # # # # # # # #
With an hour to go before reaching Earth, Winnie called William to the boardroom. "This is preliminary and we have to go through these data more carefully, but for now, we may have something that you'll be able to use. Galahad is the expert on battle strategies and will summarize what we have found in the battle manuals."
"William, it's important to note that the underlying Angelion approach to planetary life is always to not raise a fuss, not be aggressive, and not be involved in violence or mayhem. This translated directly into the construction of their spherical space ships. Those ships are designed to defend. If opposing forces were to attack, Angelion's forces would concentrate on setting up impervious defenses with its ships physically blocking attack lines. Their tactics are to roll back into the next defensive position each time their defensive line is in danger of being breached. In rolling back, their ships are able to form shorter defensive lines, which make them stronger. That's always their strategy: bend but do not break."
"They have another defensive strategy as well. Winnie found this weakness in their technology manuals which I found to be very complex." 
"I was lucky. I don't understand computer technology. You tell him, Galahad."
"As the ship is revolving, their computer control center transfers power from the shields that are closest to the home planet to the shields that are facing the enemy. This transfer is continuous when the sphere is rotating. The shields closest to their home planet at any given time will be weak. However, the shields facing the enemy are enormously powerful. They defend this strategy as being safe because there would be no danger from the direction of the home planet. The counter strategy is obvious."
"We have to find a way to get behind the defensive shield without being seen," William stated. 
"Yes," Winnie confirmed. "Is there a scientific way to do that?"
"Yes," William stated.
"Can you do it so that their defensive line does not know what we're doing?"
"That's more difficult, but yes."
"We have another problem, William," Winnie added. "This ship has no offensive weapons of any substance. The weapons that it does have are defensive in nature, like blowing up incoming torpedoes. We need a killing stroke that can strike the rear of an opposing space ship at the exact second that their computer is adjusting its shield power to a minimum. And once we are detected in the rear of their formation, we will need to defeat all of the ships on the line in one or two killing strokes. What can you do, William?"
"I'll have to think about this. The weapons I've developed for the Wilizy are anti-personnel weapons. I've never tried to blow up an entire ship. I assume you don't want to use nuclear power?"
"No," Winnie jumped in quickly on that point.
"Give me some time to study the situation."
"Tell him about the war games, Galahad."
"After we were destroyed in the last games, I spent the rest of the war games studying what the other teams used for their battle strategies. I saw a lot of different strategies but I also saw some strategies repeated. With these bots to study, I found that Angelion forces have twenty different battle plans that their captains have been taught to draw on when they form up as a team of five. These battle plans are clearly described in the college's materials. If I can identify their strategy as they are setting up positions, I will know exactly what their battle plan is. I started to memorize them last night and Winnie has been testing me."
"Is that what you've been doing this last 24 hours? I've been sleeping."
"I didn't want to sleep," Galahad explained. "I wanted to memorize those battles."
"I was too hyper to sleep," Winnie added. 
Back to the Table of Contents
Chapter 21

It's early in the morning the day after the Angelion.52 returned to Heaven. The scene is at Galahad's mountain.
"Did you stand at the very top of the mountain?" Galahad asked
"Yes," Winnie admitted. "But I didn't go past the first stage. Every pore in my body froze shut, I think."
 "Did you yell at the mountain?"
"I did."
"You must have been stressed."
"I was. A lot."
"Something about the trip to Angelion?"
"Let's talk after you de-stress. You did come here to de-stress right? You didn't follow me."
"I came for the mountain. I didn't know that you'd be here."
"I'll sit here and wait for you." 
 # # # # # # # #
Galahad and Winnie were winging back to civilization. They were connected by wing and hand. 
"You were up early," Galahad commented.
"Guinny wants me to brief her early if I have something to tell her. Otherwise, she's too busy to give me much time. We relax and share some hot chocolate."
"You came to the mountain because something bad happened at the meeting. Does she want you to cancel the operation?"
"No. She's fine with everything that we did. We still have the green light. She wants to know about the offensive weapon William develops though."
"So everything is good then?"
"No. Everything is horribly bad."
"Do you want to go back to the mountain?"
"I might. I thought I had de-stressed it all."
"Let's land."
 ...
"Sitting like this is uncomfortable. Can we lie down and look at the sky?"
"Sure."
A hand found a hand, and they gazed into the sky. Galahad waited. He noticed that Winnie's breaths were becoming shorter, not longer. 
Winnie sat up abruptly and lifted Galahad's arm that was closest to her. "Do you mind?"
"No."
Winnie pulled Galahad's arm around her and laid down beside him, her head lying on his chest. 
They stayed like that for a minute or two and then Winnie burrowed in closer. This was awkward for their legs, which automatically intertwined. Galahad noticed that his chest was getting damp. He added another arm to the embrace. 
...
"Guinny knows about us," she shared with the feathers on his chest. "She warned me off."
...
"I'm surprised by that. Tell me what she said."
"The Cops of Cosmos mediator finally sent Lillian the final version of the treaty agreement clause that she negotiated with Hell. This is the one that prevents Hell from sending its devils to Earth to have sex with mortal women. He told Lillian that he had worded the clause so that it applied to Heaven as well. He said that he wrote it both ways so that Hell couldn't complain about being picked on. So the treaty now means that male angels can't have sex with mortal women." 
"We aren't having sex. We're just holding hands."
"For now. And then Guinny added: Of course, this doesn't apply to you. She said it in a very sarcastic tone."
...
"She knows about us and she's warning me. It's a formal treaty between Heaven and Hell. We can't break that."
"Why did you think that we would have sex?"
"Please don't look at me when I tell you this. I have to tell you something that is embarrassing."
"I can only see the top of your head."
"I had a sex dream about you. Women have sex dreams, you know. I'm not a freak."
"Men have them too."
"In my dream, you were putting me to bed and you arranged me so that I would be comfortable. You put your hand on my cheek and stroked it. You hand was soft and warm. Then you turned my face and kissed me tenderly. At that point, I wanted you so much. But you stopped and disappeared. That was how the dream ended. My dream is a look at what will happen in the future if we stay together. We're going to have sex."
 ...
"That wasn't a dream, Winnie. That was real. It happened in the ship's boardroom after the war games. I did kiss you as you described, but we didn't have sex. It was shameful behavior on my part."
 "If what you did was shameful behavior Galahad, then I did the same thing to you. That same night, I kissed you when you were sleeping. I couldn't help myself."
"I wasn't asleep. I could have stopped you, but I didn't want to."
"You were awake?"
"I'm a military angel. Do you think that I would remain asleep when somebody puts a soft warm hand on my cheek and caresses it? How could a military man sleep through such a tender kiss? I tried not to respond but I did. I wasn't strong."
"So, that's why you resigned. Because of my kiss."
"And because of my kiss. I had acted dishonorably. I couldn't help myself and I knew it would happen again. I too wanted to have sex. So, I resigned from your protection detail so that I wouldn't be around you so much. And I increased the programming on the mountain. I knew that I had to be strong to resist putting your virtue in jeopardy. I thought that was working."
"That's why you were telling me that you were strong."
"Yes, I was trying to tell you that I could resist the temptation. You could rely on me."
"And now a Heaven/Hell treaty forbids us from having sex even though both of us may want to at some time. I need to go back to the mountain, Galahad."
"Me too."

Back to the Table of Contents

Chapter 22

Mac, I need an emergency pick up. I'll be in the usual spot in fifteen minutes.
Are you in danger, Addison? Should I bring a squad?
That's not necessary, but a meeting with Melissa is necessary along with the other main people in this operation. We're in trouble.
It's the middle of the night.
Wake them.
 # # # # # # # #
The middle of the night meeting was taking place in Hank and Yolanda's home. Other Wilizy attending were Doc, Granny, Melissa, Stanley and Mac. Addison started as soon as Melissa appeared.
"I need to give you background first. Pancha Villa had a rehearsal for her stump speech earlier today. It was received very well and we can expect that what I saw will be repeated in every rally, starting on September 15, the official start of the campaigns."
"The speech will be given in the biggest hall in the community. I've already given Mac a schedule. It will be a multi-media event starting with some foot stomping music and crowd organizers will be get the people on their feet stomping and clapping. Pancha will be introduced and the crowd will already be on their feet. There'll be lots of strobe lights and eventually she'll call for quiet. This is typical for campaign rallies but you need to understand that her audience will be stoked before she starts her speech. Only brown Californians will be allowed in the hall."
"She'll be using the treacherously honest approach that you already know about. She will announce that her first act as a governor will be to alter the state's electoral boundaries. California has thirty ridings and each riding elects one representative to the government. Remember that this election is not only for the governorship; it also is an election for the government of the state. Two parties are in the election. The party that wins the most ridings will become the government on January 1."
"Villa's party is heavily favored to win. That means that she will definitely alter the electoral boundaries. She'll create a new riding that will snake through the state from south to north and it will go through every white ghetto and community where a substantial number of whites may live. That single riding will be about 700 miles long."
"That's gerrymandering," Doc said. "It was often used in the old USA to give the governing party an edge in voting. Some people considered it a sign of corruption because the governing party would adjust the boundaries in such a way that they would win more seats in the next election and that could mean they would continue to govern. It was hard to eradicate the practice because they didn't have a neutral organization that could make electoral boundary changes objectively."
"What Villa is doing is gerrymandering to the extreme. One electoral district, 700 miles long is unheard of. It means that the whites will have only one representative in the government. They cannot hope to contest the other ridings. Here's the scary part. Clobbering the electoral boundaries is something that Villa would do. She goes to great extremes in everything she does. But, when she explains what will happen with this campaign promise, she will say that she did this so that the whites would be guaranteed to have a government representative that is white. Through this re-districting, she is promoting democracy for the state and for the whites. This is a subtlety that I've never seen in her. We have greatly underestimated this woman."
"I don't see a danger to our plan yet," Hank commented.
"I'm coming to that. A second promise that she's going to make is that all citizens of California will have a vote. This is something that they already have. But she'll argue that again, she is thinking of the whites and is guaranteeing they will live in a fair democracy. But she also wants to grow the economy. Hence, citizens who have more than one copter registration license will be allowed to purchase one additional vote for each license they own. If more than one person will use the copter, those people also may purchase a vote. She's using copter ownership as a way to increase the number of votes in an election, but most whites don't own a copter. She will claim that allowing citizens to buy another vote will stimulate the economy by boosting copter sales. She will not say where the money they give to purchase additional voting privileges will go, but it's going into her pocket. I never would have expected this from her. Again, we have underestimated her."
"After she's finished with the promises, she will get the audience on their feet and involved in the rally. Pictures will be shown on the big screens along two themes. These will be a series of pictures of white prostitutes and a series of pictures of white gang members. For each picture, she will ask, Do you want this person in California? The audience will respond in a choreographed answer like Kick them out. The pictures will be shown again, and this time the choreographed answer will be profanely violent. And then the rally will abruptly end and the audience will burst out of that hall ready to kill. Bear in mind that California has a very liberal view towards gun ownership. If they're breathing, they can get a license to carry a concealed weapon."
"Don't say anything yet, folks," Hank instructed. "Just digest this."
 # # # # # # # #
"Do you have any advice, Addison?" Hank asked.
"Yes. I have ideas for how we could respond." 
"First, we had planned to have the cadets and the Valkyries at each rally site because we assumed the Californian prostitutes and bikers would be demonstrating. We would use the rally as an opportunity to speak with them and try to convince them to go to Tijuana. This strategy is far too dangerous now. We can't have any of our people at the rally and we must try as hard as possible to convince the real prostitutes and bikers to leave the state as soon as they can."
"What I suggest is that we maintain our costumes, but meet with the two groups the night before the rally for their community. I have stolen some hard copies of the final series of pictures. We will tell them what's going to happen and show the pictures and I think they'll respond by agreeing to leave. They might need some transportation help but I think if we link one biker and one prostitute together, they can bike down to Tijuana during the night and effectively disappear. We need them to handle their own transportation because we'll be too busy to do it ourselves." 
"Go on Addison, " Mac said.
"These rallies will promote extreme hatred of whites in general. They won't focus their hatred on only prostitutes and bikers. California has a substantial number of whites who have jobs and families. The Valkyries are evidence of that. We have to move all of these people to safety over the course of the six-week campaign. News of Villa's promises will hit the media after day 1. Many white families will become predisposed to leaving just from hearing her plans for them. These are not dumb people; they're poor people. Once we show them what Villa is promoting, we'll start a trickle of emigration and that will get them all moving, hopefully before Villa's rally comes to their area."
"We should encourage families in northern California that don't have copter transportation to flee east to Reno. It's too dangerous for them to try to go to Tijuana. We'll need somebody to talk to the Nevada government to alert them. We can use Wilizy transports to move them from Reno to Tijuana. For central California families with no copter transportation, we could get them moving to Las Vegas but that's a long and hot hike. We could set up a rally spot on old highway 15 at Barstow, pick up the refugees there, and take them to Tijuana." 
"Those families with copters can fly to Tijuana directly. Perhaps some of them could be encouraged to come back into California and pick up others. We can't leave any whites behind. On the plus side, we have six weeks to manage this."
"We will have to alert the Mexican government that we'll have far more temporary residents in Tijuana than anticipated. I don't know much of what's happening in Tijuana, but I'm sure plans will have to be adjusted."
"Anything else, Addison?" Hank asked.
"I don't think that this will affect our plans for next year. Having a large population of whites in Mexico could help us. Also, Mexico might be willing to take some of these people."
"Addison, is your cover broken?"
"I don't think so, Mac. They think that I'm busy checking the security of the first five venues the mayor will be visiting. But! Villa's current lover was looking at me far too often during the rehearsal. I don't think it was sexual attraction. He would be a fool to stray on Villa. I've heard rumors that she kills her ex-lovers. However, he may be wondering about my capacity to protect Villa. If there were a fake attack on her during the first rally, I could show myself to be capable and trustworthy. The attacker will have to die."
"I can set that up, Addison." Mac assured.
"Any further questions?" Hank asked. "Melissa?"
"I move that we adopt all of Addison's suggestions and adjust our planning accordingly."
"All in favor?"
...
"Carried. Mac will deal with the Valkryies; Stanley, you have the cadets. Melissa, will you take care of coordinating everything else? We probably will need full Wilizy participation to keep the travellers safe. Plus we need to coordinate with Nevada and Mexico."
"I can do that but I'll need some organizational help."
"Pick me, pick me."
"Thanks, Granny.

Back to the Table of Contents

Chapter 23

In the lull before the start of the California campaign season, Governor Stookenhap and his wife made a brief unofficial visit to Reno, the capital of Nevada. Most of Nevada was desolate with Las Vegas an oasis of deserted buildings in a sand desert. Reno was the only town of any size in the state. A string of small towns dotted some of the old highways, but that was it. Governor Macdonald, whose duties more closely approximated that of a mayor, told Stook that he'd like to help but had no finances to even feed the refuges. Stookenhap assured him that all that he would have to is welcome the fleeing Californians to the state and collect them in one spot. A large transport copter would come every evening until the emigration ended. Since Villa's campaign was starting in the north, Nevada would probably be affected from September 13 to 17. 
At the end of the visit, as a spontaneous joke, the Nevada governor asked Stook if Colorado wanted to buy a state. They laughed.
On the way back to Denver, Sheila said, "He wasn't joking." Stook thought he was. 
 # # # # # # # #
Cowboy had another visit with his Mexican contact and informed him that Tijuana was going to be a bigger settlement than they had envisioned. He also told him why. "We must ensure that this crooked governor fails, my friend."
"How can Mexico help?" was the response.
"More accommodations that can become hotels or apartments and more schools."
"We'll put the schools close together and build the college campus around them. We were planning to add more schools anyway. We can add one hotel in the downtown core and put some apartments by the river. We have lots of space."
"There's a very good chance that you'll get some permanent citizens. We thought that most would go back to California in the year after the election. I don't see very many of them doing that. They'd still face hatred."
"That is good news for us. We've never believed in the theory that white people couldn't work hard because the sun was too bright."
"Treat them fairly, General. They'll be good citizens." 
"This Colorado governor - is he a good man?"
"Yes."
"My president is interested in meeting him after this is all over."
 # # # # # # # #
The cadets kept their motorcycles but received some new clothes. Essentially, they would wear their biker garb when they were talking to bikers. When they were talking to families and workers, they'd change into military fatigues with a military chevron on the shirt. The Valkyries ditched their prostitute garb and wore Valkyrie clothes. Both groups had copies of the photos revealing what the future for whites would be in California. They were also briefed on the essential information they had to relay. Namely: Assistance with transportation to Tijuana from northern California would be available in Reno on September 13, 14, 15, 16 and 17. Or they could make their way to Tijuana on their own. Tijuana was the only destination they could go to where they'd be safe. The Mexican army would keep brown Californians on their side of the border. 
 # # # # # # # #
All the adult Wilizy were called back to Tijuana to help the Mexican army with the new construction projects. Teachers would be needed for the families with children. The cadet's teaching staff packed up their instructional materials and headed to Tijuana. The school furniture would be slower to arrive. They'd teach outside in the shade by the river. Lucas, Lylah and Lohla put their research into international sources of fertility clinics on hold and headed to Tijuana. 
Looking forward a bit. Other Wilizy would volunteer to join the teaching staff. Doc, Granny, Yolanda, Melissa, Yollie, Wizard, Dreamer, Theo, Stu and Momaka would all be involved in providing instruction at some point. Young Wilizy children would become students and encouraged to make new friends. Also helping with instruction were Reese and his British girl friend. Tragically, she was orphaned at an early age and couldn't remember anything about her family. The reason so many teachers were needed was they were teaching children of the California families, as well the prostitutes themselves. 
 # # # # # # # #
On Tuesday, September 16, a copter bearing the town crest of Sacramento, California set down on a visitor slot on a copter pad in front of the Redding Civic Auditorium in Redding, California. The auditorium was perfect for the mayor's needs. It had a capacity for over 2,000 people with a stage and auditorium that could be completely darkened. Right now, the parking lot was empty. They had arrived early, partly on Addison's insistence that she had to have time to look for security risks, and partly so that they could check the technology for the show. 
Addison got out of the copter first and kept the mayor in the copter while she circled the parking lot. All seemed to be clear and she motioned for the mayor and his entourage to step out of the copter. That entourage was quite limited. The mayor's 'gentleman' was piloting the copter. Zavier was there along with a multi-media geek. A second copter with all of their gear and publicity releases was five minutes behind and was landing as Addison looked for security risks. 
The sound of a revving engine captured everybody's attention because it was loud and getting louder. A figure covered completely in black was rounding the edge of the auditorium building on a hog and was accelerating at high speed directly at the Mayor who was half way to the entrance and half way back to the copter. Addison acted instinctively by pulling out her pistol and firing four quick shots at the speeding bike while she raced towards the mayor. The shooting angle was horrible. Reaching the mayor with a few seconds to spare, she stood in front of her, raised her gun and held it steady in both hands. She had one shot before the bike would be there. That shot clearly pierced the shoulder of the biker. He lost his balance and the bike slid on its side. A stream of blood covered the biker's black jacket and the cement of the parking lot. He managed to pull the bike upright with one hand, mounted it, and sped away. Meanwhile, the mayor was screeching in her haste to get into the building. Addison saw the empty second copter, climbed into it, and executed an emergency lift. As she sped away, the mayor's gentleman caller saw her changing magazines in the gun one handed and then she was out of sight. Thirty seconds later, they heard six evenly spaced shots. 
 # # # # # # # #
Addison slipped into the backstage area when the multimedia presentation was reaching a crescendo. The mayor had reached her last promise. 
"I also promise to make California the most powerful state in the west. BROWN SUPREMACY FOREVER!" 
The crowd erupted yet again into pandemonium. The mayor's friend motioned her to a back door and they stepped outside.
"Any ID on him?"
"No. He was male, about 15. He knew his bike. Lifting it one handed is difficult for a novice."
"Skin color?"
"Brown."
"Really?"
"Yes, but he was carrying a load of cash in his inside pocket. Too much for somebody of that age to have, I think. Perhaps a down payment."
She fished into her own pocket and passed over a bloody wad of currency.
Noticing the blood smears on her clothes he asked, "Are you injured?"
"No. I had to lift him up into the copter along with his bike. He bled all over the interior. I'll fly that copter back. The others may find the insides troubling."
"Where is he?"
"Deep in Shasta Lake. As is his bike. I tied him to the bike with his clothes. Neither will float up." 
"He was out to ram her?"
"Perhaps. When he saw me, he accelerated. But I found this Velcro'd to the tank of his bike." She waved it at him and then put it back in her pocket. 
"What is it?"
"It's a harmless piece of metal now."
"What was it?"
"A lethal incendiary device. Lots of bang. Lots of flame. I saw plenty of those in the military. They're easy to disarm."
"When did you leave the military?"
"Just before they came to arrest me."
"Do you have a price on your head?"
"You might say that. I warned Zavier about my background."
"You're going to receive a nice bonus."
"I appreciate that. It was a shame about that bike."
 # # # # # # # #
The bike belonged to the cadet captain who was judged to be the strongest rider. He declined to repair the scratches on the hog that he got when he forced it to skid on its side. There's a certain honor on being picked as the strongest. The blood was human and it came from Akilah's stores. Melissa arranged for the blood to cover everything. Addison's gun was full of blanks. The incendiary device was a harmless piece of metal that Wolf had in a can of loose parts on his worktable. 

Back to the Table of Contents

Chapter 24 

It's early October in California. To give you some perspective, the campaigning had to end October 27. The voting would take place on November 3. 
The mayor's campaign rallies continued through the month. The last rally would be in the city of San Diego that had been relocated to higher ground during the turmoil of climate change. As the rallies migrated south, so did the Wilizy's rescue efforts. In mid-California, the refugees were directed to Barstow. In the last weeks of October, they were told to head directly to Tijuana. During this process, no Californian who wanted to leave was left behind. Not all white Californians elected to leave and were not pressured. The Wilizy never conducted a follow-up to determine what happened to all of them. They did know what happened to the homes of the Northern Californian families who left. A couple of families were anxious to have a quick trip back to their house to pick up family pets that were left behind. The Wilizy accommodated them with a late night flight. They found their homes burned to the ground and their pets murdered. 
The mayor's consort, a man named Cooper Rivera, brought three friends onto what would become his staff. He was clearly jumping the gun here as the election was far from over. But, his opponent was hopelessly behind in the polls and Villa's rallies were becoming even bigger and more raucous as they entered the more populous parts of California. There was no doubt who was going to win or which party was going to form the government. This didn't bother the Wilizy. They knew that they had no hope of stopping her election.
Addison was planning to leave on election night and had set up a handy explanation as to why she couldn't stay with the Mayor's staff, as you know. She found the new members of Rivera's staff difficult to deal with. Lots of sexual innuendo, unwelcome touches, leers, and constant watching made for restless sleeps. In Addison's opinion, all three of them were professional goons. She thought of them as Rivera's Three Compadres The campaign didn't need her and so she announced her departure. 
The bonus that Rivera had offered her turned out to be a three night stay for two in the best hotel in Phoenix. It was unclear if she would provide the guest or if Rivera would be the guest. She couldn't see him fooling around on the mayor, but on the other hand, she never saw any warmth in his relationship with Villa either. It's possible that they had a 'forgiving' relationship. She knew that they had a sexual relationship because she saw him going into Villa's bedroom nightly. Perhaps part of their arrangement was to turn a blind eye if he wanted to stray. Whatever the relationship was, Addison would not be part of it. She left the bonus behind and headed back to Montana. She was facing three days of soaking in a tub of mildly acidic solution to remove the brown color from her skin. After that, she joined her Valkyrie sisters and received an enthusiastic welcome home. 
 # # # # # # # #
 In Tijuana, the refugees kept streaming in. The town was very crowded now with four people living in a single unfurnished hotel room. The army was continuing to build accommodations so that particular shortage would soon be addressed. The biggest problem for the refugees was not having anything to do. Some began to teach, thus freeing up the Wilizy to return to Montana. Teachers were not needed for the bikers. They would not have been willing students. The Mexican army took care of that. They formed them into a platoon and took them on long nature hikes until their truculent attitudes disappeared. For the town as a whole, a morale committee was formed and each night would have entertainment of some kind. The army built a rough stage and the evenings became quite pleasant. 
Food was never lacking. There was a shortage of clothes. The refugees had left their homes with only the clothes on their backs. The army brought several crates of cammo uniforms and that took care of the shortage. People volunteered to do the laundry for the camp. 
As the new city of Tijuana took shape, entrepreneurs from Ensenada began to relocate. One man brought his family and all of his stock of used musical instruments to town. The government offered him three years of rent-free accommodation in one of city's old stores if he offered to lend his musical instruments for free. Refugees with a musical background began giving lessons. A community band was formed and played twice a week on the stage. The area around the stage became a dance hall without the hall. 
Two refugees who had medical training drifted into Tijuana. Their skin color had restricted them to serving as janitors in a medical clinic in Sacramento. They offered to set up a free clinic. Doc and Akilah joined them and began treating the refugees, primarily for the problems associated with being too poor to eat properly. Doc gave a thumbs-up on the two refugee doctors. The army brought in medical supplies and the people began to look healthier.
 # # # # # # # #
Speaking of drifting into town, Winnie arrived one Sunday morning with a friend in tow. She had already had a one-sided discussion with her mom who had spread this unhappy news to members of Gossip Central. Under no circumstances are you to do any prying into my friend's background or his current employment. If you do, I will not bring him back. When Yolanda pressed her for at least a name that they could call him, she refused to answer. 
Naturally, Gossip Central watched the couple closely. They couldn't ask him questions, but they could look. Their consensus? He had a military background for sure. He topped out on the handsome scale. He volunteered to help on the construction and worked closely with the Mexican army where he was overheard speaking Spanish. 
While Galahad was volunteering, Winnie was catching up on family news. The #1 headline was Mathias and Kashmira's baby girl, born on October 15. They couldn't call her Materfamilias, which was Kashmira's first idea. They settled on Mata instead. 
Also newsworthy was Reese's girl friend. Nobody knew very much about her because of her orphan status. Her name was Karita which all thought was a beautiful name for a beautiful girl. The two appeared to be deeply in love and probably would marry. That future did not seem likely for Winnie and her friend. They barely looked at each other the whole time they were visiting.

Back to the Table of Contents

Chapter 25 

Galahad and Winnie's disinterest in each other in Mexico was something that they had learned to turn on and turn off. They were not meeting at the mountain any more. Both were very busy with their heavenly duties and both were insistent that they were not going to be the one to break the Heaven-Hell treaty. That didn't mean that they couldn't meet to share how their days had been. 
Galahad had set up a portal gate somewhere in the never-ending prairie. It didn't matter where it was. It only mattered that it be in a spot beyond the range of Heaven's security camera coverage. Winnie was resigned to Guinny always be aware of where she was, and if she peeked, what she was doing. She figured that if she behaved herself, Guinny would be tolerant. However, the treaty had to be obeyed as it was intended. No sex.
The first time that they had met in the prairies of Heaven, each of them brought a sleeping pad and a pillow to the portal site that they could lie on. Prairie grass could be prickly. Their meeting always started with the two of them in mortal bodies. During this time, they mostly communicated in non-verbal ways, although sighs did escape from time to time. If things became too heated, one of them would convert to an angelic body, which meant that the other one had to as well. Heavenly feathers, like prairie grass, could be prickly. Galahad would lie on his back and Winnie would place her head on his chest. Some legs and arms might intermingle, but effectively, the non-verbal portion of the meeting was now over. Like an off/on switch. Mortal hormones virtually disappear when angelic bodies appear. Now, they would converse. 
This week, Winnie was telling Galahad about her flower power project.
"The first flowers are being harvested now. The early bloomers, like daffodils, were easy to plant. The horticultural experts are focusing exclusively on flowers that do not need artificial support to stay erect."
"I don't expect those supports would go well with the harvesting robots."
"Definitely not. They've chosen to do a lot of bulb-based perennial flowers."
"Like?" Galahad asked.
"Tulips, crocus, snowflakes, daffodils, iris, lilies, and begonias. They aren't forever perennials, but they will continue to flower for three years or more. Some of them have numerous color variations, so they look like different flowers but aren't.
"Cuts down on how much you have to sow each year."
"Right. Newton has the robot reapers working now, but the bulb planter is proving to be difficult. It can't always sow the bulbs without damaging them."
"What about non-bulb flowers?"
"Much more difficult to automate. The hort guys aren't sure if they will be necessary. They're thinking of creating entirely new bulb-based flowers. They're excited about this option. They'd like to develop some hardy drought resistant flowers that take moisture from the air."
"That's the kind of research Heaven should have been doing for decades," Galahad observed. "How to grow plants in drought conditions. We have the scientists to do that."
"Exactly."
"Are you planning on spreading the results of the research to Earth?"
"Yes, with each purchase of one of our flower bouquets, they'll receive one free bulb."
"How long before you're in full scale operation?"
"A couple of years. But, I'll have flowers to give out in Heaven in a couple of weeks."
"And then to Earth?"
"Right. Money making time."
"And then?"
"What do you mean, and then. And then nothing.
"Why nothing?"
...
"I see where you're going. Galahad, that's brilliant." 
"I think I deserve a reward."
"I do too."
 # # # # # # # #
You may assume that the reward ceremony has now ended.
"How's the double warp take-off coming?" Winnie asked.
"We're almost expert at it. A couple of training sessions in outer space will do it."
"Did William invent an offensive weapon for the ship?"
"William is giving us several surprises. They will completely change the battle strategy that we were looking at. Timing will be important. We'll need perfect aim too."
"Practice will make perfect?"
"Yes. That's all we need but we don't have an enemy ship to practice on."
"What about putting William's weapon on the lifeboat and using Angelion.52 as the enemy?"
"That's brilliant."
"In addition, you'll have a mobile weapon platform that could be very difficult for an enemy to see in a war game situation."
"What's more brilliant than brilliant?"
"Brillianter?"
"Are you good for another round?" [Galahad was not talking about golf.]
"I booked the whole afternoon off."
"Me too."

 Back to the Table of Contents

Chapter 26

On November 3, California citizens elected Pancha Villa as the new governor of California in a landslide victory. Her party, known as Brown Supremacy Forever, was also elected to form the new government. The current governor would hand over the keys to California's Government House to Governor Villa on December 31. On January 1, she would be officially in charge and could start fulfilling her promises. 
In Tijuana, the flood of refugees ended and conditions began to improve. 
The army decreased the crowding a little by inviting the former bikers to join the military. Mexico would allow them to keep their hogs and stay together. They would receive instruction and training on becoming a mobile infantry unit. 
More shop owners moved in from Ensenada and other locations. Clothing stores, seamstresses, and cloth merchants began to make and sell clothes to the refugees, all on credit. The Mexican government designated one of the heritage buildings as a library and donated 10,000 bots. Some of the refugees took up jobs in the new businesses and the library. Other refugees decided to emigrate again and settled in nearby Arizona. 
At the beginning of December, a copter with California colors crossed the border and began circling Tijuana, presumably taking pictures. They came back a second day but were met above the border by four Mexican attack helicopters that had been transferred from Mexico City to Tijuana the previous evening. The California copter turned around. The Mexican copters remained stationed at Tijuana. 
Also at the beginning of December, the Mexican government announced that all refugees would receive a week-long free Christmas holiday in Mexico City. The camp would be broken into four tour groups. The government was very honest in their announcement. We hope you will decide to stay in Tijuana and become Mexican citizens. During your visit to our beautiful capital, you will experience the hospitality of our citizens. We don't care what color you skin is. We do care that you contribute to the country. 
You may wonder if Mexico's courtship of the refugees was a surprise to the Wilizy. It was not. They were happy that Mexico wanted the refugees in the country. These people had suffered enough in brown supremacist California. The Wilizy's first priority in Operation CA CO was to safeguard the lives of those people. 
They also had no qualms about Mexico's courtship because Mexico did not have a fruit and vegetable economy. The Wilizy's courtship would be focused on the Californians who had worked in that industry. That courtship would begin in the new year.
The Wilizy took advantage of Mexico's kind offer to have their own Xmas celebrations in Mexico City. They too went in shifts during December. The cadets were kept together as were the Valkyries. The others went in groups, roughly according to age. 
Near the end of December, three brown-skinned couples walked into the refugee camp and asked if they could stay. They said that they didn't like what California was becoming and the violence promoted in the rally they attended in Bakersfield convinced them to leave.
Reese and Karita happened to be in the camp when they arrived. Mac asked him to look at their colors and he warned Mac about letting them stay. "They're not very nice people," he reported. 
"I was pretty sure they weren't," she admitted.
"How so?"
"Their shoes were not scuffed. If they had walked from Bakersfield they would have been." After she accompanied the spies back to the border, she sent a message to the operational heads. 
We have their attention. Spy copter, now spy agents. Stay alert. 
 # # # # # # # #
Meanwhile, the three Ls had returned to their research. The last time we saw them, they had abandoned any chance of getting help from the Canadian health system before the troubles. They were going to look elsewhere, but then they came to Mexico to help. Paula had been keeping an eye on their moods. 
"Almost all of the developed countries in the world will be impossible for us," Lylah reported. "They all have great health care systems, but you need to be a citizen to access them." 
"Almost all?" Doc asked.
"The former United States had great doctors and research scientists, but access to the health care system was spotty. It was very expensive for their citizens. You had to be rich to benefit from it. There had been an attempt to broaden the social safety net, by having employers pay health care premiums for insurance coverage from health insurance providers, but that was concept was very controversial and never received broad support. It meant that if you weren't employed, you would unlikely be able to access the health care system except in high emergencies."
"You look much more positive about your research now," Doc observed.
"We are," Lohla admitted. "We just have this sense that things will work out for us if we work hard enough to find a solution. Our problems are nothing like what the Californians are facing."
"What are you going to do now?"
"The US system allowed people to access it without having insurance and without having rigorous background checks," Lucas contributed. "We thought that we should pay one of their fertility clinics to find out exactly why we've been having trouble. These clinics operated independently of the hospital system. They are mostly private, pay as you go, businesses."
"How would you pay?"
"Wizard has some US currency," Lucas continued. "If it's not enough, he can give us some gold nuggets that we can convert into currency."
"You already checked with him?" 
"Yes. He said that we have enough in our portion of Wilizy assets to easily pay for the operations, if they're necessary."
"Now you have to find a fertility clinic," Doc said. "Any ideas?"
"We haven't discussed that yet, Doc."
"Los Angeles," Lylah blurted. "It was a huge city. It's bound to have lots of fertility clinics. We don't have to worry about any records that they keep because the city will disappear after 2048. I don't know where that idea came from. It was just there."
"It's a good one," Lucas praised.
"We need two clinics," Lohla added. "People might remember two twins asking for the same help."
"Good one, too."
"The idea just came into my head. I wasn't even thinking about us being noticeable twins."
"We should ask two separate clinic as a couple. That way, we'd at least find out what our troubles are. We can think about what we'll do afterwards."
"Good one, Lucas."
 "I don't know why I hadn't thought of that before. It's so obvious."
"Sudden clarity can happen in quick succession when you've been thinking a lot about a problem," Doc explained. [Well done, Paula.]

Back to the Table of Contents

Chapter 27

"This is interesting," Galahad said as he opened and read a message capsule.
"What's interesting?" Winnie replied cautiously. Sometimes Galahad used this conversational opening to open up a knock-knock joke. 
"Angelion War Battle Command advises all Angelion ships that due to port maintenance issues, the 2094 war games will be held on Friday, December 25 and Saturday December 26 2093 instead of Friday January 29, 2094 and Saturday January 30."
"That is interesting. That's five weeks earlier than scheduled," Winnie with the calendaric calculation.
"It's also three days from now."
"Yes. A very dirty trick. Too bad you can't get here in time, 52. That's the problem of trying to be part of a navy from a planet that is so far away. You can't play in our sandbox anymore."
"Sandbox?"
"An old Earth term for a place where kiddies throw sand at each other."
"Good thing that we've been orbiting a couple of hours away from Angelion. I've been getting bored," Galahad confessed. 
"I've noticed. Your concentration is down. I have Gin!"
"Let's see. Winnie won 64 games, I won 424. The champeen will rest undisturbed tonight."
"You're sleeping next to me on the sofa. I can guarantee that you won't sleep well. I have ice cubes and I know how to use them."
"I love this tinfoil mask that hides my cards from you."
"You won because you were lucky. When we reach Angelion, will you have enough time to look at all the ships in port?"
"Yes."
"How many ships do they have in their navy?"
"Should be 120 if all are moored. Some of the old ones may have been decommissioned." 
"So, you'll look over ships #60 to #120 then?" Winnie asked
"Yes, but I'll look closely at anything from #90 to #120. 
"Is the crew ready?"
"Itching for revenge," Galahad replied.
"So am I, especially after that dirty trick changing the dates."
"But you warned me that they'd change the date because that's what you would if you wanted us out of the navy. How can it be a dirty trick if it's something you would do?"
"I don't do dirty tricks. I dissemble. There's a difference."
"I'm not familiar with that word. What's it mean?"
"To conceal one's intentions behind a pretty face and a sparkling smile."
"You haven't had a shower for a week."
"The definition does not say anything about body odor."
"You can use showers at the port."
"How long before we're there?"
"Two hours."
"Thank goodness. I've been itching for revenge and I mean that literally as well as figuratively." 
 # # # # # # # #
Early Friday morning: It's the last briefing of the Angelion.52 crew before the start of the war games. Galahad had brought them all into the command center.
"The dirty trick changing the dates may mean that they won't have anything planned for our first battle. But, we'll assume that our teammates will drop us into an ambush. Instead, we'll come out of warp in an entirely different location. We will let them see us and then immediately perform a return to warp maneuver. Shields, you have three to five seconds to act."
"Won't be a problem, Commander. I'll message you when we're in place." 
"We'll complete the second half of the maneuver and then it's up to you and the crew you selected."
"We won't let you down, Sir."
"Shields, get your crew into space gear and assume take off position."
 # # # # # # # #
Each ship in the war games carried a running time clock that would ensure that every ship would begin the battle when it was allowed to. That same clock would allow them to coordinate their actions with their team. That clock was now at 59 seconds and counting down. Angelion.52 was in warp drive and was scheduled to drop out of warp at T+15. All five ships on that team would appear at the same time but in different locations. 
5...4...3...2...1...0...1...2...3...4...5...6...7...8...9...10...11...12...13...14...15
The Angelion.52 dropped out of warp.
"All crew, we are now a go!"
16... 17... 18...
"Captain, the lifeboat is clear of the ship." 
19... 20 ...
"Weapons and Engines, execute return to warp speed."
21... 22 ... 
There was a flash in the space around the Angelion.52 like the flash of a ship going into warp. 
23... 24...
"Navigator move us gently away from our former warp position." 
25... 26... 27... 28... 29... 30... 31... 32...
"Captain, Shields reports that the lifeboat is in shooting position."
"Shields, fire at T+38."
33 ...
At T+33, the Angelion.52 dropped out of warp. There was the usual warp flash and suddenly the ship was there. Weapons and Engines were right on time.
34... 35... 36.. 37... 38...
All five of the enemy spaceships lost their communications.
 "All ships. War Games Command awards the battle to Angelion.52's team at T+38." 
 # # # # # # # #
Let's replay the above battle in super-slow-mo so that you can understand what just happened here. We'll start with the countdown. Angelion.52 was in warp drive and was scheduled to drop out of warp at T+15. All five ships on that team would appear at the same time but in different locations. 
5...4...3...2...1...0...1...2...3...4...5...6...7...8...9...10...11...12...13...14...15
The Angelion.52 dropped out of warp.
"All crew, we are now a go!"
16... 17... 18...
"Captain, the lifeboat is clear of the ship." 
[The Angelion's lifeboat was exactly as the name implied. It was a functioning space ship with enough room to squeeze in the crew of the Angelion.52 if the ship had been destroyed or damaged beyond repair. The lifeboat had an engine, a functioning oxygen renewal system, and navigational controls. It also should have had a beacon that would transmit distress calls. That beacon had been turned off along with the boat's navigational lights. There was plenty of room for three crew members: Shields, Assistant Weapons, and Assistant Navigator. As soon as the lifeboat cleared the Angelion.52, Shields issued two quick orders.]
['Weapons, engage the Klingon cloaking device.'] 
[And, 'Navigator, set a course for the closest enemy ship. Maximum impulse power.'] 
[I have previously mentioned that the crew of the 52 were exuberant fans of Star Trek and thought it was a hoot. Now, they had a chance to play Star Trek. The Klingon cloak was a fictional device used by the Klingons of Star Trek fame to make their ships invisible. William used a net of his filaments surrounding the lifeboat to create the same effect. His device worked. Star Trek's device was a fictional delusion.] 
[Naturally, when the lifeboat was stored inside the 52, the filaments were not active. But as soon as the lifeboat cleared the 52, Shield's quick order meant that normal sensors could not see it. The filaments also gave the lifeboat extraordinary speed for a lifeboat. It streaked away from the 52 like a politician facing a summons to appear in front of a government inquiry looking into charitable donations to his re-election campaign. 
19... 20 ...
"Weapons and Engines, execute return to warp speed."
21... 22 ... 
There was a flash in the space around the Angelion.52 like the flash of a ship going into warp drive. 
[Trekies are well aware of what a warp flash looks like. So was William who had watched many a show. He made a small missile that would duplicate the flash. As the missile flash illuminated the space around the ship, Engines activated the Klingon cloaking device that was around the 52 itself. As far as Angelion's planetary sensors were concerned, the 52 had gone into warp after dropping out of warp an impossible seven seconds previously. As trekies are aware, it takes much more time to build up to warp speed.] 
23... 24...
"Navigator move us gently away from our former warp position." 
[This movement was necessary because the 52 would be returning from pretend warp soon. No ship could warp off into space and then warp back to exactly the same location.]
25... 26... 27... 28... 29... 30... 31... 32...
"Captain, Shields reports that the lifeboat is in shooting position." 
[In this case, shooting position meant that they were six inches away from the hull of the ship they were going to incapacitate.]
"Shields, fire at T+38."
33 ...
At T+33, the Angelion.52 dropped out of the pretend warp that they were in. There was the usual warp flash and suddenly the ship was visible. Weapons and Engines were right on time.
 [What actually happened is that Weapons fired another flash missile and Engines turned off the 52's Klingon cloaking device.] 
34... 35... 36.. 37... 38...
All five of the enemy spaceships lost their communications. 
[All spaceships have a communications network that can send messages to other ships and planet ports. All communication systems are buried deep in the ship so that they cannot be destroyed by enemy fire. But with communications systems located inside the ship, electronic shields on the hull of the ship will interfere with any outgoing or incoming transmissions. To solve this problem, communication systems are hardwired to an antenna that is fastened solidly and virtually invisibly to the exterior of a ship's fuselage. The one-inch tip of that antenna is outside the ship's shields. The chances of an enemy ship firing a weapon from a long distance and hitting that one-inch nub precisely is infinitesimal. It is even more unlikely when you consider that different planets had different ship designs that they kept secret. Since all Angelion ships used the same design, Shields knew precisely where she had to stand on the enemy's hull to fire a simple and common laser welder that all Angelion ships had in their repair bay. All that practice repairing solar power cells turned out to be very useful. When Shields destroyed one ship's communication antenna with a burning hot laser from six inches away, that explosion of heat was circulated instantaneously to all the enemy ships. That's why their communications went down.]
"All ships, War Games Command awards the battle to Angelion.52's team at T+38." 
 # # # # # # # #
Two more times that Friday, War Games Command awarded the battle to Angelion.52's team. No team survived to T+60. 

Back to the Table of Contents
Chapter 28

Saturday. The Angelion.52 moved on to the final two rounds of the war games. As they were facing teams that had done well on Friday, they were expecting tougher competition. That was not to be. Again, no team could survive for a minute even though by now the whole fleet knew that Angelion.52 would be attacking their communications antennae. 
 # # # # # # # #
It was 2 pm, Angelion time. The captains of the two teams with the best record had selected their champions. Angelion.52 would go into battle against Angelion.120. The smallest ship in the fleet would go up against the biggest, most powerful, and newest ship in the fleet. Both captains had received their sealed envelope, which listed their injuries, their remaining armaments, and their remaining defenses. Both ships were in orbit and their command centers were linked visibly to each other. Both captains were standing in front of their view screens. One of them was dressed in military fatigues; the other was wearing a fancy uniform with lots of gold braid and medals of some kind plastered all over it plus a white cape hanging down his back. To show that he was just a normal captain facing a normal battle, he had taken off his hat. His head was missing quite a few feathers.
Before battle could commence, War Games Command would introduce the combatants. All of the other crews and captains would watch the battle from War Games Command's large amphitheater. 
"In the Sirius quadrant, we have Captain Galahad of Angelion.52. This is Captain Galahad's third war games. In the pervious two games, his ship was ranked last. Captain Galahad is assigned to patrol space in the Sol Solar System and has duties to protect Earth, which is a pre-civilization planet. He operates out of Heaven."
"And NOW, IN THE ADROMEDA QUADRANT, PLEASE WELCOME COMMODORE RITCHIT OF THE ANGELION.120. Commodore Ritchit is the senior most captain in the fleet and has responsibility, as the fleet's commodore, for directing the daily activities of the entire Angelion navy. He has a long history of participating in these war games and has the distinction of having been recognized forty-two times as the Admiral of the war games. He is wearing the white cape of the Admiral of the War Games in this war game because that cape was retired and awarded to him for his record of twenty wins in a row. This will be Commodore Ritchit's last war game as he is retiring at the end of this year."
[Note: The population of the Angelion planet was small enough that the citizens used only one name to identify themselves. The commodore's full name was Ritchit, and that's all.] 
Galahad and Winnie looked at each other. It was a good thing that Galahad's captain friend had warned them about the commodore. They might have felt a little intimidated otherwise. Winnie winked and Galahad relaxed.
"Gentlemen, are you prepared to go into battle?" the head cheese asked.
"Not yet." Galahad replied. "Will you go to a secure channel, 120?"
"Having doubts, 52?" 
"None whatsoever. I did want to talk with you privately so that I can express my admiration for your long career."
"Very well. Set up a secure channel for 52 and 120."
 # # # # # # # #
"Who are you?" the commodore asked. "Where's 52?"
"I've assumed command of this ship. There is no rule prohibiting this." [Galahad was standing out of camera view.]
"You're a female. There's never been a female captain in the fleet."
"All the more incentive for me to beat you."
"Who are you?"
"I represent Queen Guinevere of Heaven."
"I didn't know Heaven had a queen."
"We do. I wanted to apologize in advance for putting you through the embarrassment of a resounding defeat. You don't deserve ending your career in this way."
"I will not be defeated." [Truth. That's what he's thinking.]
[Winnie was reading his face and messaging what she saw to Galahad just as Galahad had planned.]
"Is that because you know the contents of this envelope?"
"No." [Lie.]
"Queen Guinevere has noticed a certain pattern in these war games. It seems to us that we are never given a fair shake. For example, the dates for these games were suddenly changed so that we could not arrive in time. Is this something that you orchestrated?"
"No." [Truth.]
"Is this something that the people in power over the military orchestrated?"
"No. That's ridiculous." [Lie.]
"This envelope. Were you aware of the contents of this envelope before you received this envelope?"
"No. This conversation is over." [Lie. Plus I see fear.]
"Secure lines can only be terminated when both parties agree. I don't agree and I will continue to ask you questions about the integrity of Angelion's War Games Command until I am satisfied that this battle will be fair. The longer that takes, the more attention you are attracting from the captains of the fleet. Some of them know what War Games Command has been doing."
"I will give you permission to satisfy yourself. You will find nothing." [He's bluffing.]
"I've wondered what your political masters would do to ensure that you would defeat us. Nobody gave us a battle when the 52 was going up against five teams. Surely you will have no chance one-on-one." 
"We know that you attack a ship's antenna with enough force to damage all of the antennae in the team."
"All that means is you examined the ships that we incapacitated. Do you know how we do it?"
"Yes." [Lie.]
"Do you know how we are able to make two consecutive warp leaps?"
"Yes." [Lie.]
"I know about this envelope. If I open it, I will have 30 seconds to read it and at the point, it will flash burn. Is that correct?"
"Yes." [Truth.]
"But if I don't open it and I assume that we have been treated unfairly, this envelope will remain sealed. After the games are over, I could release it to the public. It will be visible for thirty seconds. That is ample time to copy it. Shall I do that?" 
"That's up to you." [I see fear.]
"I don't care if we win or lose. I know that we have technology that you don't have. We have already assured that we will be invited to the next games where your political masters will be no further ahead in the their attempt to force us out of the war games."
"Nobody is trying to force you out of the war games." [Lie.]
"Commodore, I know that somebody is forcing you to be part of this. You have too much integrity to agree to what they are demanding from you to be part of this. How are they forcing you?"
"Nobody is forcing me to do anything!" [Lie.]
"Something about the terms of your retirement, perhaps?"
"That's ridiculous. I've served Angelion for several centuries." [Hard to read. Partly lie and partly true. I'm changing tactics.]
"Commodore, politicians don't understand that a military man like you would consider cheating in the war games to be a dishonorable act. Are you going to end your career with a dishonorable act? Even if nobody knows about it, you would know about it."
"I would not like to end my career with a dishonorable act." [Truth.]
"Have you ever played poker, Commodore?"
"Many, many times." [Truth.]
"This envelope is my poker hand. I'm betting you that the contents of this envelope will guarantee that we'll lose, but I'll never be able to prove it because the paper will have burnt away. I'm betting that if I open this envelope I will find that so many of my crew will have been incapacitated that I cannot operate the ship."
...
"Nothing to say? Do I even have one crew member?" [Bingo. Everybody but Galahad is dead.] 
"I will not open this envelope and get advance warning. I will fight on no matter what. And at the end of the battle, I will pass this envelope to somebody in your command who has integrity and he will open it. You and your career will be indelibly tied to this act of dishonor. Your entire legacy will evaporate in seconds." [Fear and shame.]
...
"I'm also going to bet that they gave you no choice. They put so much pressure on you that you can't admit anything and you can't say anything. That's why I'm going to tell you that I have a way for you to win this battle and maintain your reputation. But, you have to do something for me."
"What do you want?" 

Back to the Table of Contents

Chapter 29 

December 30 in Heaven. Galahad left their new ship in orbit around Earth and they all portalled to Heaven. Winnie was meeting with Guinny now.
"So if you conceded the last battle, that must mean that you got a good deal."
"Yes. Angelion will give the 52 a thorough servicing, but we know that they are doing that so they can find out how we were able to beat them. They won't find anything. William's modifications aren't there anymore. They have to give the ship back to us at the next war games, to which we will definitely be invited. There'll be no more attempts to kill our space program."
"How can you be sure?"
"The captain that we were facing in the finals turned out to be a very famous and powerful figure. He had a commodore ranking which is very high in the navy. I threatened to reveal how the War Games Command had fixed the final battle and how the commodore knew about it. I gave him a way out of ending his career in disgrace and he took it. I've told him that he won't find anything in our ship but he doesn't care. Having our ship will keep the politicians satisfied. He's off the hook. Nice enough angel. He tried to bluff but his face gave him away."
"What did we get?"
"We won some respect to begin with. Lots of captains knew what the politicians were trying to do. We destroyed their ships easily. Nobody had ever done that. The captains will figure out that the final battle had to be rigged. We had no reason to concede. Respect from the captains will go a long way. We went to the Captains' Mess after the public dance and every single captain lined up and shook Galahad's hand. I think the Commodore arranged that but I could see that the captains were sincere. Then we played poker."
"How'd you do?"
"I stayed anonymous."
"What else did we get?"
"We now have a relatively new ship that is large, but slow to maneuver. They were happy enough to donate it to us. Galahad looked over the available ships before the games started. He wanted this one. Angelion.98."
"A big slow ship?"
"It has a powerful engine, warp 6 capacity and a big cargo bay. We can reach Angelion in eight hours, which is important if we want to ship them fresh flowers."
"You have a freighter?"
"A freighter with offense and defense."
"Will they want to buy flowers from us?"
"I managed to put a wrist corsage on every female angel at their big celebration they had after the games. By the end of the dance, the women were showing their flowers off to other women. Our flowers will be prominently displayed in the next National Haughty and Sneer magazine."
"You gotta be kidding. A haughty and sneer magazine?"
"These angels represent the highest level of Angelion society. They like to act haughty and sneery. But, they are also worried sick that they will lose their position. I could see it in their faces. Once I got corsages on some wrists, the other women had to have one or they would lose face. They'll be our first customers. The rest of the population will play catch up. This is a huge market for us. When I was playing tourist, I saw no flowers for sale. We could be in a very good position trade wise. Angelion is wealthy. They'll pay big time to keep their women sneery and haughty."
"For a flower that costs us less than 1 cent to grow?"
"If that. We now have something that they want. We can start receiving real support from them now, not pretend support. And, it will cost us virtually nothing to expand our capacity to grow flowers."
"Does Wizard know about us yet?"
"No. I'd like to keep it that way. Wiz will be busy with his forensics accounting work and raising what I expect to be a large family. Dreamer is into being a mother big time."
"What else did we get from Angelion?"
"We don't have to return the freighter. It's ours. This means that we can expand Galahad's command. He's planning to promote Shields to Captain of the freighter. She'll be the first female captain in Angelion's history. Also, Galahad has been invited to serve on a number of advisory Captain committees. Angelion will service our two ships for free when we are at the war games because we are now officially part of their fleet. We don't have to filch supplies any more." 
"All in all, a very successful trade trip. You did well, Guinevere."
"Galahad thought about selling flowers to them before I did. He deserves credit too." 
"The two of you make a good team. You should think about teaming up more."
"Nah," Winnie said as she got up and turned to leave Guinny's office, which required her to turn her face towards the door. "We have entirely different interests now. There's no chemistry between us."

Back to the Table of Contents
Chapter 30

"Governor, a gentleman wishes to see you," the cashier at Reno's local Macdonald's said. When she called him Governor, that meant it was official government business. When it wasn't official business, she called him Sweetie. Sometimes, she called him a jerk. This was part and parcel of being married to a politician. 
Governor Macdonald turned away from his position in front of the deep fat fryer and looked. He saw a man wearing a military uniform of some kind. He was too far away to read the insignia on his shirt. He had a holstered sidearm and was brown skinned. The sidearm attracted the governor's attention first. Nevada was mostly peaceful. They had one policeman in Reno and he was armed with a basket of partially cooked French fries right now. In small states, politicians had to learn how to multitask. 
Governor Macdonald wiped the grease off his hands with a damp towel and approached the counter. "Let's go to my office," he invited the stranger. He was now close enough to read the insignia. California Army, it said. 
The office of the Governor of the State of Nevada was situated in the 7/11 store next to Reno's Macdonald's. The 7/11 businesses had failed years ago. The governor had gives the former owner two free bacon double cheese burgers, and moved the governorship in. All the empty shelves and display units were still there. He used them as filing cabinets. 
Governor Macdonald stood behind the counter next to the cash register that he used to collect dog license fees and other assorted government revenue. "What can I do for you?" he asked. 
"You can answer a few questions to start with. How many people live in the state of Nevada?"
"As of today, 4,219 but Nelly in Battle Mountain is due to pop another kid out soon."
"Predominantly white?"
"Yeah. We don't track those things much. We're happy if we know their gender."
"Give me an estimate of your white population."
"Call it 3,500 whites."
"Are the rest brown, black, and yellow?"
"We do have a rainbow. Everybody gets along. Why?"
"The governor of California wanted to know how many whites you have."
"Why?"
"Because after she takes over your state, she wanted to know how many whites she'd have to cleanse if you become stubborn."
"What?"
"These are the legal papers. Read them."
...
"She can't buy the state of Nevada from me!"
"Sure she can. This document is a legal deed of sale."
"It's a house purchase document."
"California is purchasing all of Nevada's houses and the property they stand on. Plus all of your trees, and rivers, and sand. Everything."
"I don't have the authority to sign this. Nobody does."
"We'll let the courts figure that out. Until then, this document will be sufficient. Sign the form."
"I won't."
"Why don't we take a stroll while you deliberate some more?"
"I'm not...."
The army guy unbuttoned the flap on his holster. "You really should take a stroll with me. It'll be good for your health."
 # # # # # # # #
"How many copters would you say are hidden here?"
"Thirty or forty."
"Close enough. How many men would you say are in each copter."
"Those copters will hold 8. I assume that all of them are full."
"They are. So, call this part of our army 300 men strong. How many guns does each man have, do you think?"
"I saw two side arms and one rifle each."
"Each man has another rifle under the seat. So call it 1200 guns. See that freight transport copter?"
"Yeah."
"It has lots of ammunition. Did you notice them men? How'd they seem to you?"
"Drunk."
"True, but more importantly, they hate whites. You're white, aren't you?"
"You'll never get away with this."
"How many policemen or military men do you have in Nevada?"
"One. Me. But lots of people have guns."
"Which tells me that when we land in a town, we should start shooting right away before they get to their guns. Where's your gun?"
"Shoe box in the closet."
"Having a gun and having that gun when we ambush you a town are two different things."
"The other states will stop you?"
"No state has a standing army. We do."
"Why are you doing this?"
"The governor of California made some promises when she was electioneering. She promised that she'd make California the most powerful state in the west. Guess who she chose to acquire first."
"Nevada has nothing worth taking."
"So you won't mind giving it up."
"We're talking about people's lives."
"White people's lives. Worthless lives."
"And browns, blacks, and yellows."
"That will be unfortunate. When you have drunken men on a killing rampage, it's hard for them to distinguish colors."
....
"There's an easy way out for you and your whites."
...
"Sign the document, collect all the people in town, tell the whites to pack one bag of food and water, and we'll let them leave town alive. They have to leave their copters here. They walk."
"To where?"
"Salt Lake City is the closest big city. Oregon is out of the question. So is Arizona."
"That's five hundred miles of mountainous terrain."
"We'll let you take two bags of food each. You'll find water on the way."
"So, you'll either slaughter us here, or you'll starve us to death in mountainous terrain. Our children will never make it."
"Means we don't have to worry about digging graves."
"That freight transport. It's big enough to carry a lot of people if we all squeeze in tight."
"We'd have to unload the ammo."
"We'll do that for you."
"We gotta slaughter all the whites in the other towns along old Highway 70 too. We're going to need that ammo."
"I'll go into the towns with you. I'll convince them to leave peacefully."
"Do I need to take your wife as hostage to make you behave? One of the copters has space for one more. I'm sure the guys won't object." 
"No hostage. I'll sign. You won't have any trouble from me."
"How do you bring everybody into town?"
"Five blasts on the fire hall horn repeated until everybody is in."
"Sign the document and then sound the bell, Mr. Macdonald."

Back to the Table of Contents
Chapter 31

Keely pushed by the barricade at the front door of Castle Camelot and found Lillian and Guinny sitting together on Winnie's sofa. They were holding hands.
"Nice family scene," Keely said. "How's Winnie?"
"Still in phase 1," Guinny answered. "A couple more hours to go, I think."
"We don't get a chance to be together too much," Lillian responded to the comment about a family scene. "We wouldn't want any angels noticing a family resemblance. That's why I put up a barricade."
"Yeah, you're both really old so you do look the same. I like the hand holding though. Mom and daughter, together in eternity."
"Have you heard any news from your mother?"
"Nothing good. Martha is non-responsive. We were never close."
"Martha was not a person you'd want to get close to," Lillian commented.
"She sure hated you because you had the mother that dad wanted most."
"Yeah," Lillian responded ruefully. "Made me strong, I guess. Dad tried to intervene but he didn't know everything that was going on. I wasn't going to burden him. He had enough problems. I could take it."
"How's Winnie handling phase 1?"
"Let's see," Guinny started. "She started with hugging. When she started trying to hug the fridge, we switched her over to pillows. Then she wandered the whole castle sniffing for a man. She got a whiff of Joe-Joe from Lillian and tried to attack her."
"I've doused myself with perfume."
"I noticed. That's why I'm sitting way over here."
"What's she doing now?"
"She's in her bedroom waiting for a male to enter. She has the ropes all ready to tie him to the bed."
"That was Keely's favorite time."
"Yeah. I never caught a man though. Wrong bait, I suppose. So, we're sure now that she has the Angelion curse, right?"
"Yes," Guinny said. "When she became emotional about being alone back in July, I thought that might be just one of her frailties. But this bout is almost six months to a day after that. She's right on schedule."
"Does she know what's happening and why?" Keely again. 
"No," Guinny responded. "All she knows is how to tie ropes to a bed. Lillian is going to have a talk with her when she's out of stage 3." 
"I'm the one that's closest to her as a mother, I think."
"Did you miss having the curse when you went to Hell, Keely?"
"No Guinny, but that's because I got myself fixed before I went down. Hell is used to seeing some strange things but they've never seen an Angelion angel in heat. That might have attracted some attention."
"Would you ever want to start a family?" Guinny continued. "You're young enough. The operation can probably be reversed."
"Not interested. I'm not mother material."
"I don't think any Angelion female is mother material. At least not any that stay on that cursed planet for long."
"You got that right sister-dear."
"Stop being nice to each other, girls. I won't be able to take that much longer." 
 # # # # # # # # 
It's the next day. Lillian, Keely and Guinny were taking shifts. 
"How is she now?" Guinny asked Keely who was due to go off duty. 
"Bawling like a baby. I have no friends. I can't make babies. The cops are going to get me. Nobody like me. I'm a failure. I miss Galahad. On and on and on."
"Tears?"
"Buckets. I've been giving her lots of fluids, all of which are coming out of her eyes."
"Why is she crying about Galahad? Aren't they going to the mountain regularly?"
"Why ask me, Guinny? You're the one that knows everything."
"I've tried to stay out of that part of her life."
"Well, something is wrong. Her phase 1 behavior was not what you would expect from an Angelion-based angel who has had sex before."
"Lillian will have to sort that out with her."
"Lucky her." 
 # # # # # # # # 
It was Lillian's turn to watch Winnie. She was taking over from Keely.
"How's Winnie?" Lillian asked.
"Third phase."
"The third phase can vary widely. It's usually something that an angel would normally do, but more compulsively."
"She's up on the roof, washing the parapet."
"Oh my. How's that going for her?"
"She's still working on the first tile. It's not coming clean enough for her. It's a black slate. She wants it to be white."
"Oh my." 
"Are you ready to have the sex talk with her?"
"Yes. She'll sleep well tonight and will have forgotten every thing by the time she wakes."
"I've untied the ropes on her bed and have hidden them under the bed. She has no dust bunnies there. I'm going to hire Winnie to clean my aerie."
"Well, she does know how to use a shovel."
"Be nice."
"I'm just saying that if you cleaned regularly ..."
 # # # # # # # # 
"Lillian? Did we have a meeting today that I've forgotten?"
"No, Winnie. I thought that I would drop in unannounced."
"The place is a mess."
"I'll ignore it. Where's a comfortable place to chat?"
"Roof? It has a great view."
"Roof it is."
....
"Is something wrong with that tile?"
"It's all scratched, like somebody took a wire brush to it."
 "Probably a ghost at work."
...
"Can you tell me what day it is, Winnie?"
"Sure, it's Wednesday."
"Check your calendar."
"It says Sunday."
"What's the last thing that you remember doing on Wednesday?"
"I had a meeting with one of the hort guys. Then I came back to the castle, cooked up a meal and went to bed."
"What did you do Thursday, Friday, and Saturday?"
"I have no idea. Was I sick? Was I shimmered?"
"Sort of. When you were touring around Angelion, did you see any schools, playgrounds or children?"
"Huh. ... No, I didn't. I wasn't looking for them."
"You wouldn't have found them. I've never been to Angelion and I know very little about the planet. Guinny knew about them and told me what she had learned. Let me tell you how Angelion controls its population."
"Why would they want to control it?"
"Angels live a very long life. During that long life, a single female angel might be fertile for 40, 50, 60, or 70 years. One angel could end up giving birth to dozens of baby angels. The population would grow exponentially. However, when the Angelion people were created, they were created in such a way that their population was controlled. This was not a conscious decision by somebody in power. It was nature's way of controlling Angelion's population. An Angelion female body is structured in such a way that giving birth to more than one baby is impossible. Her body's reproduction system shuts down after the first baby."
"Angelion angels have reproductive systems?"
"Yes. A female Angelion can only become pregnant once every six months. There's a three-day window of opportunity for a husband and wife to create a baby. On the first day, the woman angel wants to have sex and will respond to any possibility whatsoever. For the lucky couple, this first day can be mild and enjoyable. It can also be not-enjoyable."
 "On the second day, the woman will still want to have sex, but she is in a deep depressive state and essentially cries and weeps the entire time she is having sex."
"Not entirely a positive thing for the man. Why does he stay?"
"He may have no choice. On the third day, if possible, the woman will continue to have sex with her mate, but this time her behavior becomes erratic. She might want to have sex but also clean the house. It's difficult to do both, but usually the mate has managed to escape by that third day."
"Is there a fourth day?"
"No. On the fourth day the woman wakes up and is her normal self."
"Why would the mate still be hanging around the second day?"
"On that first day, the woman is like a rabid cat in heat. She can't help it and she's not aware of what she is doing. If she even smells a male angel, she will attack him and drag him to her bed." 
"Really. Drag?"
"Yes."
"She will have prepared for this and will have ropes in her bedroom to tie the mate to the bed. They will have virtually continuous sex for twenty-four hours. By the second day, the mate will be trying to chew his hand off to escape. They usually can avoid too much injury because the woman is crying her eyes out and can be persuaded to let him go if he begs long and hard enough."
"If she becomes pregnant, she will go into seclusion in a female only environment far away from the main centers of the planet. There, she will give birth after a gestation period of fourteen months. She needs to be in seclusion because she becomes deeply ashamed of how she had raped her husband. Some women never get over that and remain in the remote camp to help other women with their pregnancies. The husbands are deeply ashamed too because they had to beg to be released. They vow never to talk honestly about this experience, but will brag about their prowess instead."
"Typical men."
"Mostly yes. Neither parent is prepared to give their child a good upbringing. Angelion's children are raised in schools by angels who consider this employment to be a penance for their sins during the birthing process. The children will never have or see loving fathers and mothers. They will never even know who their parents are."
"That's very harsh."
"This is the genetic curse of the Angelion society. Those first three days when the women are trying to have children is referred to euphemistically as the curse because that's the visible part of their population controls. What is not visible is how angels are affected. After that one bout of sex, they become unemotional and they show no real affection for others. There is no cure for this curse because it would require a DNA re-do." 
"That explains some things I saw." 
"So, if you are tying to encourage the Angelion society to do something that you think they would want to do, you have to realize that they take no pleasure in our efforts to keep humans safe; they care nothing about us if we are struggling to protect the mortals from Hell. Emotion based strategies are doomed to fail."
"Huh."
...
"You haven't explained why I can't remember what happened to me."
"Go look under your bed."
 # # # # # # # # 
"I went sex crazy?"
"Yes. You have an angel body from Angelion. You don't have the old angel body that we gave you that was essentially a soul angel. As part of having that Angelion body, you have many powers. But, the cost is.... you also get the curse."
"Did you have the curse?"
"Yes."
"How'd you deal with it?"
"Other angels in Heaven that have that same kind of body helped me. Joe-Joe helped me too. He's stronger than I am; he wouldn't let me rope and hog tie him to the bed. You will be able to handle it too. You'll know the exact date that you will be affected. January 5 -7 and July 5-7. Put it on your calendar. Guinny, Keely and I will continue to help you. There are other angels that you haven't met yet who can help you too."
"That other time that I had the shimmer condition, was that part of this?"
"Partly. We weren't sure if you would have the curse because you didn't have phase 1. Plus you have had bouts of depression. Plus, the shimmering vulnerability is found in males as well as females. We've been waiting for January 5 to come so that we'd know."
 "Did you and Joe-Joe mate?"
"Yes, we had sex. Joe-Joe is 100% mortal. I'm 100% Angelion, but I didn't show much of the rabid response. We figured we had a 75% chance of having a mostly normal baby, especially if we had a boy who would not experience the curse."
"Did you have a boy?"
"Yes."
....
"I have to ask this."
...
"I can't not ask this. I have to know."
"Ask."
"What is your son's name?"
"Arthur." 
 # # # # # # # # 
"We knew early on that Arthur would be a true Angelion male. He showed no sensitivity like Joe-Joe does. He was rebellious and didn't care how that affected others. He wanted nothing else other than to be left alone. Joe-Joe tried to model more sensitivity but that didn't take. Joe-Joe and Arthur have a good relationship but they are two different angels. When you first came to my attention, I tried to stop the two of you from bonding. Whatever I tried, I made it worse. When we had to put human hormones into Arthur's body, we knew for sure that he would reveal his more Angelion side eventually. He didn't know how to treat you and would be unable to treat you properly. I would have saved you from what he was going to be, but I couldn't." 
"I don't mind about Arthur. I was in love with love. My bad."
"I have more family, you know. Guinevere is my mother; Keely is my half sister."
"I wondered about you and her being sisters the way you bickered, but she was so much younger than you, I put it out of my mind."
"Her mother is Martha."
"And that's why she was affected by my appearance as Prudence. Did you influence me to cut my hair that way?"
"No. Sometimes things happen because they're intended to happen, not because they are manipulated into happening."
"What happens to me now?"
"You know the dates to watch. You have the benefit of having human DNA. If you mate with a mortal, your child is unlikely to have the curse and you will likely be able to have more than one child. If you mate with an angel, there is a risk that your child will receive the DNA curse." 
"Huh." 
"There's a plus side to having an Angelion body in addition to its advanced powers. If the Cops of the Cosmos ever get suspicious and doubt that you are an angel, you have the shimmering gene. You can prove that you are an Angelion angel."
"I don't have to worry about the cops catching me?"
"No. Not any more."
"That means that I can have a personal relationship with an angel because personal relationships are allowed in Heaven."
"Between members of the Inner Circle, which you became when Guinny gave you your new body."
"Can I ask a question?"
"Sure."
"Any question at all?" 
"Sure." 
"Who were Galahad's parents and where were they born?"
"Galahad is a direct descendent of the Galahad that features in the Arthurian fables. That Galahad had 100% mortal genes. His offspring over the generations will have mortal genes as well, but not 100%. Of all the Knights of the Round Table, Galahad the elder was the knight that best exemplified nobility and purity. When you gave your protector that name, he already had that name." 
"Galahad is not aware of his parentage. His father and mother are members of the Inner Circle just as he is. They wished to remain anonymous because they wanted any success that he had in Heaven to be success that he alone earned. They too are noble angels in the full Galahad manner. As far as Galahad knows, he was a normal mortal who had his memories scrubbed when he died. His future in Heaven has not been influenced in any way. His parents will not appreciate you revealing his background and you will need the support of these two angels if you are to have success here."
"So..... nobody will care if I have sex with Galahad."
"No. Some of us have actually wondered why you have been waiting so long."
"Bad communications. Well, thanks for the background, Lillian. Let me show you to the door. Say hi to Joe-Joe. Bye-bye now."
Galahad, we have to meet.
Mountain in an hour?
Make it my castle in ten minutes. Bring your PJs.
What are PJs?
Pajamas.
Huh?
Night clothes, nighties, jammies.
Huh?
Galahad! Bring things you would want for a sleepover!
I'm already upstairs. What's taking you so long?

Back to the Table of Contents
Books in the Wilizy series

As of July 2020, the Wilizy series contained twenty-seven novels as listed below. 

Book #1: I Got'cha

If you think being a teenager in today's world is tough, try being one in 2081. In Alberta's It's Only Fair society, your brain-band will zap you just for chewing with your mouth open. One boy pried his brain-band off to see what living with emotions would be like. Being chased by the entire Alberta army was bad enough. It became worse when another 15 year old kid offered to help him escape. 

Book #2: The Get-Even Bird 

Will and Izzy are forced to flee from Zzyk's army. After months away from Alberta, they fly their sailing ship into B.C. thinking that they would be safe there. Bad mistake! Izzy is captured. All Will has to do to save her life is turn himself in for a free brain-band fitting appointment. That's what happens when you wear a Zorro costume to a dance. 

Book #3: Assassination Day

A DPS technician offers to defect if the Wilizy will rescue his daughter from The Citadel – some super smart military people who are friends with Zzyk. Izzy thinks that their new recruit is an assassin, but Yollie insists that he's a decent man. Can assassins be decent men? It will take a hair-raising experience to find out. 





Book #4: Hoist the Jolly Lucas

It's bad enough that Zzyk pins the blame for two assassinations on Izzy and launches a full out assault on their home compound. But then, another enemy takes advantage of a security lapse to get revenge for a war that happened 20 years ago. The Wilizy are left reeling with two key members kidnapped and stashed where they can't be found, let alone rescued. For the family to survive, everybody must enter the battle. The story is as much about the past as it is about the present. 

Book #5: Teenage Mutant Ninja Torpedoes (Yes, this is a Wilizy book.) 

Mac disappears and doesn't want to be found. Will and Wolf use time-travel to search for her and discover secrets she wouldn't want them to know. The Alaskans attack when Will is finding out what happens to a submarine's air when it is lying helpless on the ocean floor. Between the Alaskans' impenetrable fortress and their bubblegum weapons, life is going to get a little sticky for the Wilizy. 

Book #6: Bob, the Invisible Dragon

Raging hormones as well as Raging Gardeners play key roles when young Wilizy warriors are attacked and the Wilizy's scientific marvels offer no protection. The youngsters' future will rely on a different kind of warrior protecting them. Warning: events at the end of the story will move quickly. They certainly won't drag on. 
 
Book #7: Nary, Nary, Quite Contrary

Theo and Lucas move to Toronto to live on their own. Both meet girls but neither is brave enough to introduce his new friend to the family. They wouldn't have the time anyway, what with villains trying to assassinate them and Voodoo royalty greeting them as though they were Voodoo gods. At the end of the story, Lucas receives a surprise Boxing Day gift that leaves him speechless. 
Book #8: Maddy's a Baddy

Maddy had escaped from Big Momma only to find herself all alone in the cold and begging for food in Eastern Canada. While she's trying to return to her home in Seattle, the Wilizy have their own problems. Everybody in the family is intent on bringing the judge to justice for what he did to Lucas. It would have been so easy for them to rescue Maddy, but they didn't know anything about her. 

Book #9: Bite Me! 

Spurred on by Marie's desire to eat a meal with her former slave masters, the Wilizy plan to put Safe Haven ranches out of business. In the process, they encounter two foreign assassins intent on abducting Maddy. Theo and Nary become closer but a red-eyed chaperone does not approve. The Wilizy's war with Safe Haven starts with a bang but ends with a whimper. 

Book #10: Wheelchair Moccasins! 

A 13 year old girl pretends to turn to prostitution to gain her freedom from her crime boss father. In Wilizy family news, Winnie agrees not to meddle in Mathias' love life. No, the world isn't ending, so long as you don't have a green vegetable for your name. Best advice ever? If somebody wearing moccasins and sitting in a wheelchair offers to sing you to sleep... run!

Book #11: Trial by Nick

After the Scandinavians attack their home base, Winnie develops an idea for defeating Crown Prince Wilhelm that is a dramatic departure from their normal military battles. In their personal lives, the Toronto teenagers have to become schnobs to keep their basketball futures alive, Lucas and Lylah begin dating, and two of EmmaGee's personalities leave her body. 
Book #12. Tickled Pink

A man uses his unlimited wealth and power to assault women without fear of legal consequences. If they object, he'll humiliate them publicly and ruin their lives. If they don't stand up to him, their lives as they knew them will be over. But how do you fight a man who is above the law? Here's how. The Raging Gardeners help the women while Winnie attacks him where he isn't looking. 

Book #13: Second Base

Granny and Doc enjoy a spirited life in their new Australian house while Bean has to adjust to her mother joining her in the Wilizy cadet camp. She meets a charming man with country pumpkin witticisms whose entire life is dedicated to becoming a cold blooded killer. Meanwhile, Safe Haven's impenetrable offices aren't as safe as they thought they were. 

Book #14: Old Stone Face

Bean moves to Toronto with her sheriff who takes a job as a private detective. Before long, he's trying to bring a mad scientist to justice - the same man that Winnie is after. With both the Wilizy and a countrified sheriff after the same man, you'd think he'd be easy to catch. Too bad there are no laws about a mad scientist killing twenty-one babies. 

Book #15: Remember the Halocracy

Reese finds Annika - his first, and only, girl friend. For reasons that nobody fully understands, he sort of kidnaps her but she willingly accompanies him to the far side of globe. Reese figures out later that she could be trying to seduce him when in fact, she's actually going to try to kill him. 


Book #16: Coffee Can Kill Ya! 

Convincing Paula's brother to give her a proper share of her parents' estate had seemed so easy. Turned out that it wasn't so easy after all. In the Wilizy's defense, murdering extra-terrestrials that tried to kidnap a corpse created unique challenges. To their credit, the Wilizy dealt with those. But, how do you deal with something that you can't see and don't even know exists? 

Book #17: Nice Birthday Party, Governor. 

Plot twists abound as the Wilizy take on the Colorado government and the NORAD military simultaneously. Maddy quits the cadet corp to run a secret operation that ends in a one-on-one battle. Melissa breaks Reese out of jail and Cowboy shows his dramatic talents, which do not include stripping. Winnie directs two dramatic productions but only one of these involves wearing respectable clothes. 

Book #18: The Tale of the Scorpion's Tail

The Wilizy have to neutralize NORAD's nuclear missiles while defeating their air force without causing any casualties. A special weapon (guided bird poop) will be needed. Meanwhile, Heaven's guardian angels are under attack from within. The key to success? Rescuing a gerbil imprisoned in an escape-proof cage. "Molly Moonblossom" and "Nympho Maniac" play key roles. One of these actors is Winnie. 

Book #19: Brunhilda, the Steamroller. 

Billy Bump resurfaces and plans Maddy's death. Winnie accepts a secret mission but runs afoul of Yolanda, who is sure that she has a boyfriend. Yolanda's vision that Winnie will be attacked comes true. Demonic infiltrators into Heaven escape detection when the steamroller named Brunhilda prosecutes Arthur and finds him guilty. This time, he won't be going back to guardian angel school.
Book #20: Lock Up Your Corn Starch!

While Paula, Winnie and Arthur are on a perilous mission for Heaven, the Wilizy family is trying to rescue Charlie and Sheila from prison. Wilizy forces battle demented escaped convicts intent on slaughtering innocent victims to help a brown supremacist politician win an election. If you're intent on going to Hell when you die, be sure to read this book for a preview of what's waiting for you. 

Book #21: The Champion Kisser 

Melissa's Operation Beef Jerky, featuring pragmatic momma cows and flying unbranded calves, goes after a stinky justice. In Hell, Winnie has to deal with a dead pharmacist and an asparagus-shaped devil geek in her operation against the perfume-toting, hog-riding Rat. On her side is a pussy tat named Santa Claws and a junk food eating canary that has a fatal encounter with a loaded frying pan. 

Book #22: Black Cats: Lucky or Unlucky?

Strange characters abound in this story. You'll meet a woman named Fido, a purple gnome, a mining gal that can make a cowhand vibrate, a safe-cracking masked marauder, a stinker bell, a high wire gymnast afraid of height, three hench-devils, and a devil wearing an Elizabethan ebony doublet, complete with raven black satin breeches and a heart shaped codpiece. Oh yeah. There's also a black cat. 

Book #23: Morgana Foils the Duke's Plans

In Book #23, you'll meet a zesty Zulu goddess who pulls a spear of gold out of a lake bed. An angel named Prudence has a potty mouth. A dolphin in the Cops of the Cosmos arranges for Heaven to invade Hell. Queen Guinevere meets Sir Galahad, Sir Lance Lott, and Sir Launchalot, one of whom is not gallant. The perfume toting Morgana wields a devilish weapon of mass olfaction. 

Book #24: Who Painted Lord Percy?

Book #24 asks the question: Who Painted Lord Percy? The suspects include: a dead man who hunts perverts, a condom buying female angel, the devil named Gold Pinkies, a cherry pie barfing angel, a mortal resigned to joining The Borg's beehive, a skinny-dipping ghost, a devil named Adolf Hitler, an angel who can't pucker up to kiss, and the angels who protected Christopher Columbus.

Book #25: Happy Valentine's Day

Maddy is kidnapped by a witless devil named Pig Snout who stashes her in a retail outlet in Hell. With the help of Molly Moonblossom and Fanny Fandigity, the Wilizy bring a bullying businessman to justice and do it in a dandy way. Reese enjoys Valentine's Day in a way he never expected. A new hero emerges from the Wilizy's past. It will be nigh impossible for readers to guess who she is. 

Book #26: Lights, Camera, Action

Winnie gets a new angelic body, meets an angel from the medieval era, and gets a crash course on trident-shaped spaceships. Meanwhile, Satan is planning multiple changes to Hell that will have dangerous consequences for the Cosmos as well as for all female devils. If Winnie's three operations are successful, afterlife in Hell could be less misogynistic and perhaps even entertaining. 
Book #27: Bring Your PJs

Readers will witness a treacherously-honest and bigoted politician take over a government and attack a defenseless opponent without warning. [Spoiler alert: This is the dastardly villain.] You'll also see heroes perform the national chicken revolution dance, defeat cheaters in a spaceship war, survive being cursed, and sneak off for a little romance without being caught by an all-knowing deity. 

Back to the Table of Contents

About the Author

David J. Wighton is a retired educator who enjoys writing youth novels when he's not on a basketball court coaching middle-school girls. The books in his Wilizy series peek at how people lived after the word's governments collapsed in the chaos that followed the catastrophic rise in ocean levels and the disappearance of the world's last deposits of oil. 

Wighton's novels have strong teenage characters driving the plot and facing challenges that, in many respects, are no different from what teenagers face today. His novels are intended to entertain and readers will find adventure, romance, suspense, humour, a strong focus on family, plus a touch of whimsy. Wighton also writes to provoke a little thought about life in today's societies and what the future might bring. Teachers may find the series useful in the classroom and the novels are priced with that intent in mind. 
 
Back to the Table of Contents

