Camp
Clearwater

The Rising Authors 
of North Oaks

Carlston Bladen
Jaden Carothers 
S.J.H
Andrew H.
Joe Johnson
Kaleigh Miller
Alexis Rodriguez
Isabella Smith
Samantha Tolleson 
Emily W.
Brett Yordy 

and their teacher
Carolyn Hedgecock

Camp Clearwater: The Website

Published by The Rising Authors
Smashwords Edition
Copyright © 2012 The Rising Authors

Smashwords Edition, License Notes
Thank you for downloading this free ebook. Although this is a free book, it remains the copyrighted property of the authors and may not be reproduced, copied and distributed for commercial or non-commercial purposes. If you enjoyed this book, please encourage your friends to download their own copy at Smashwords.com or other ebook stores Thank you for your support.

**********

DEDICATION
During the adventure of writing this book, we had many ups and downs. There were points where we felt we couldn’t go any further…but thanks to all the people who were there to help us, we were able to pull through, complete the book, and best of all, create a family within our class.
The Rising Authors Class wants to give a big thank you to all the people who helped. We want to start with Mrs. Caviness, who taught us how to make videos and understand difficult things. She started our collaboration effort with Haltom High School and formatted our text into an eBook. Her husband, David Caviness, donated his reward for being named a winner of National Novel Writing Month.  He received a coupon for five free copies of a professionally published, original novel through Amazon's CreateSpace and chose to donate his prize to the Rising Authors because he strongly believes in the power that comes from developing young authors. We can’t thank Mr. and Mrs. Caviness enough.
Next, we want thank to Mrs. Hadley, our computer wizard and academic specialist who helped us along with Mrs. Caviness with our computer problems and taught our group some helpful tips that helped us throughout the year.
We also want to thank the following senior English teachers at Haltom High School: Lesli Bradley, Allison Conaway, and Ann Hale. They, along with their students, did a great job editing our book. They were able to see things we missed and gave us hours of suggestions to make our book better. 
We would also like to thank Emily Arnold and her photojournalism students for professionally designing our book cover. We love what you did with the sign Brett’s dad made and all our pictures!
…And the most important person that made this book possible was Mrs. Hedgecock, our teacher. She has had incredible strength and faith in every one of us. She would come to class each day with tired, weary eyes from the long night of working on our book, but she was still ready to get started. She kept our outgoing class on track and never let us forget the real reason we started writing this book. Again to all the people who supported us…Thank you!

**********

Chapter 1
The Mayhem Arrival
Originally, Camp Clearwater was an elite full-service camp catering to the wealthy. The camp’s brochure promised a summer of fun with activities such as hiking, white water rafting, bike riding, fishing, horseback riding, and rock climbing. However, when the economy dropped, in order to make ends meet, the owner, Katherine Starkey, had to turn to other options to stay open. For the first time, court-ordered troubled teens were sent there to commune with nature and go through a wilderness boot camp program. Unfortunately, there were some campers and their families who still thought it was a prestigious getaway while other camps confused it for some other type of camp entirely, and this is where the problems began.
None of the counselors knew what to expect, but each one had been briefed on the group of kids they would supervise.  Cindi Coleman, one of the counselors at Camp Clearwater, felt ready for the challenge. During the school year, she worked with troubled kids, so this wasn’t going to be a new experience for her. The pay wasn’t that great, but she really liked the camp. It held many happy memories for her. She breathed in the mountain air before she left to meet her reportedly “challenging” group of campers. Maybe this summer will be the one I have been waiting for, she thought as she fixated on the secret she had held inside for twelve years.
This was her eighth year as a counselor at the camp. She loved the place and had spent five years there as a camper before returning as a counselor, but her undisclosed wish was the real reason she came back every summer.
Hope and anticipation flurried inside her like butterflies dancing in the wind, as she put her things in the bunk house and grabbed her roster. Inside, she was certain that something big was going to happen.  It was like a premonition that kept her awake at nights and made her smile for apparently no reason. She broke out into an unexpected grin as she headed down the winding dirt road to where the bus would drop off the campers.  Surefooted as a mountain goat, she scurried down the rocky path.
Dressed in a cowboy hat and jeans, Cindi braided her blonde shoulder-length hair quickly, and checked on the horses.  Forcing herself to inhale deeply, she tried to focus on making sure everything was ready before she heard kids screaming. A rush of nerves surged through her as she saw the bus approaching and waited for the door to open.
Smiling confidently, she said, “All right campers, my name is Cindi Coleman. Welcome to Camp Clearwater. Come on down and….” she paused and pointed to a large rock, “wait there until everyone is off and we’ll walk together to our bunkhouse.”

**********

Chapter 2
Meeting the Unlikely Mix of Campers
First off the bus was a skinny, angry, brown-haired girl named Sarah Beth with an easy-to-spot teenage attitude. She had a two inch red streak in her hair which fell over one darkly outlined and heavily mascaraed eye and landed just above her chin. She tried to force her way out of the fully opened door. Behind her, close by was another girl named Jorgina. Both tried to be the first out; they looked like wild mustangs trying to break out of a corral.  Sarah Beth began to develop a plan that would make it easy for her and Jorgina to run the camp and everyone in it.
Sarah Beth turned and playfully said, “Quit shoving me, Jorgina.”
Concerned, Cindi said, “Hey girls, break it up. You’ve been here-what?-two seconds? People aren’t even off the bus. Come on; cut it out. What are your names, so I can make sure you’re in the right place?”  
“We’re just playing around, Miss,” said Sarah Beth as she told Cindi her name. 
Immediately behind her was Jorgina, who had a big smile and fun in her eyes. High-fiving Sarah Beth, she turned to Cindi and said, “Sup.” She mumbled something else and she and Sarah Beth walked toward the large rock, as they pushed and shoved jokingly.
 Cindi checked her list and both of their names were on it. She made a mental note to keep them separated as much as possible because they didn’t seem to bring out the best in each other. Distracted, she heard the sound of sobbing on the bus and stepped inside to see what the problem was.  “Who’s crying?” Cindi asked.
The whimpering came from an overweight brown-haired boy who said in a shaky voice, “Me, I’m Charlie, and I’d like to call my mother and see if she can come get me. I want to go home.”
“Sorry but we don’t get phone service out here. You have to drive into town if you want to use the phone and we just….”
Before she could finish her sentence, a nerdy boy with suspenders, a calculator in one hand, and a briefcase in the other stepped up and said, “My name is Eugene Eddweiser.  It will be okay, Charlie. I’m used to being bullied. See this calculator?” He held it up slightly. “It’s my best friend, so none of this bothers me much.  I know Sarah Beth and Jorgina are a bit scary, but whenever I get scared, I put my thumbs under my suspenders, pop them, and just walk on.”
Cindi thought, he’s going to get seriously injured if he pops those suspenders every time he gets scared. Hopefully there are some normal kids here this year.  When she snapped back to reality, she told the two boys to go stand by the girls. Charlie was still crying and Sarah Beth was glaring at him. With his head hung low, Charlie glanced back at Sarah Beth and oddly enough felt a smile cross his face. Quickly, his eyes focused on the dirt on the ground because he didn’t want Sarah Beth to see him staring at her.
A boy with ginger-colored hair came off next. He was 5'6, wearing purple skinny jeans, blue high top converse with yellow shoe strings and a see-through shirt.
"So what is your name?" Cindi asked.
"I’m Cody, Cody Richardson and I’m probably the sexiest thing alive.”
Cindi laughed a little. “What’s up with all these kids here? I thought this was a camp for rich kids like me,” he whispered.
Cindi said in a soft tone, “It used to be, but with the economy like it is, we had to get creative and get some government funding to keep things going.” Cody winked like he understood and then stepped off.
A few steps away by the large rocks, Eugene was determined to get away from the tough girls, as he wandered back toward the counselor. He overheard Cody’s conversation and said, “Excuse me but isn’t this Camp Creekwater, the National Honor Society Advanced Academics Camp for Natural Science?”
“No, this is Camp Clearwater, not Creekwater. We have no advanced academics. We specialize in behavior modification and help campers learn to take responsibility for their actions. We are a wilderness boot camp,” replied Cindi.
Panicked, Eugene shook his head. “I’m at the wrong place.  My parents signed me up for the wrong camp. I knew I shouldn’t have left the registration up to them. Oh no, can I call them to come get me?”
“No, it’s like I told Charlie. We have no phones out here. Your name is on the list, and we don’t give refunds,” informed Cindi, thinking to herself that Eugene would need to learn some survival skills to make it through the next three weeks.
Cody looked at Eugene and said, “Be cool, try to fit in, relax.” To ease some tension he said, “Just watch and learn, Eugene,” as he sauntered over to the rocks. Smiling he said, “There sure are some pretty ladies here.” He turned around to make sure Eugene could take a lesson in how to be charm girls. No doubt he needed it. Unfortunately, Eugene was engaged in a conversation with his calculator and not with Jorgina and Sarah Beth, who were uninterested in Cody. They told him to bug off. Cody turned back toward the bus and headed towards a girl he knew from school named Luna.
Luna Elric had chocolate brown hair with bangs brushed to the side, and a smallish braid that rested on her left shoulder. Her best feature was her dark emerald green eyes which had golden streaks by her pupils.
She wore a long sleeve black shirt and sleeveless jacket, dark red skinny jeans, green knee-high converses with black and red shoe laces, a crescent moon choker with a dusk-colored stone in it, a belt with orange studs, skull ear rings, and sun glasses. Apparently, she was trying to flirt with Cody because she laughed at everything he said. She got as close to him as she could. In her left hand, she was holding a realistic stuffed red fox. It was a gift Cody had given her on her fourteenth birthday.  She stumbled and was embarrassed by her clumsiness, as she quickly tried to reach Cody. Stumbling again, she caught herself before falling on her face, as she continued to hurry.
“Hey Cody, wait up. Don’t go off and leave me,” she said desperately.  He stopped and turned around as she continued. “I’m not going to be friends with Eugene,” she babbled, trying to keep his attention on her. “I don’t like nerds or guys with bad people skills like that kid who was crying.”
Cody laughed and nodded. His eyes flirted back as they made their way toward the others. Trying to divert Cody’s attention from the other girls, she rambled on about how she played the guitar, liked to draw and sing. Cody nodded like he was interested in everything she said.
“Cody, will you come back with me? I have another suitcase I need to get,” Luna asked as she dropped the first one on the ground.
He saw Sarah Beth and Jorgina throwing in a few verbal punches at Charlie and Eugene and said, “Sure, I’ll go back and help you.”
They temporarily couldn’t get back on the bus because a girl named C. J. Valentine was blocking the entrance as she stepped off.  C.J. began to speak, “I don’t know about this place. It’s not what I expected. I’m pretty much a loner, so I guess it won’t matter.”
She had her hair pulled back into a braid. As she pulled off her black sunglasses, Cindi couldn’t help but notice C.J.’s purplish-blue eyes. Wearing fingerless black gloves, C.J. had an athletic build.  She also had a nose and lip ring and six earrings in each ear. The ones closest to the bottom of the lobe were black roses. Around her neck, she wore a gold wedding ring.  Black platform boots, a gray long sleeve shirt, black vest, and blue jeans completed her outfit.
Right behind C.J. was a boy named Jacob.  He was 5’8” and looked like he was debating whether or not to get off. He looked the type one would expect to be a football player. Timid, he stepped onto the dirt looking shell-shocked and as out of place as a sports coat on a cowboy riding a bull at a rodeo. As he exited, he was thinking about what he was doing in a place like Camp Clearwater. He felt like people were making fun of his brown hair, Levi’s, and Dallas Cowboys hoodie. Anger rose inside him. He avoided contact with Sarah Beth because he knew she was the reason he was there. Internally, he was telling himself to keep control and to not lose it before he had even made it off the bus.
Last off was Maria. At the final step off, with her head hung down, she mumbled, "Is this a therapy camp?"
"Well sort of,” said Cindi as she sighed knowing the next three weeks were not going to be easy. Trying not to stare, she couldn’t help but notice her downcast deep sunken eyes.
Cindi thought that both she and Maria would probably need some serious therapy after three weeks with this group. Never had she seen a more unusual and disjointed assembly of campers.
Cody and Luna went back on the bus and were taking their time catching up to the rest of the group. “Let’s head on to the bunkhouse,” Cindi urged as she forged the way.
When they all finally arrived, Charlie had stopped crying and asked, “Would you check to see if I have any mail yet?”
 Cindi said, “Why don’t you go inside first, and we’ll worry about that later.” She turned to address the group. “Everybody, take your things inside and find a bunk; boys to the left, and girls on the right. When you finish, come outside, and we will have our first get- acquainted session.”
 
**********

Chapter 3
Bullies in the Bunkhouse
Sarah Beth immediately pushed her way into the cabin, pointed at Maria and yelled, “EXCUSE ME! I call top bunk, and you get the bottom.” She swung her bag onto the top bunk and smirked even though her bag fell off the bed. She thought, who cares? as she looked at her belongings on the floor. Sarah Beth was never a good kid; she was always in trouble. Her mother constantly yelled at her even when she was sober and all the abuse from her home had hardened her.
“Hi ya Bunkie,” she said as she shoved Maria on to the bed underneath hers.
“Hey you, I don’t feel like picking up my bag. Pick it up, and put it up on my bed,” she ordered.
“Uh, okay,” Maria replied.
“What’s your name?” Sarah Beth grunted.
“My name is Maria,” she replied as she lifted the load.
“Does it look like I care?” Sarah Beth said as she quickly snatched the bag out of Maria’s hand and slung it on the bunk.
Distracted as she looked outside, Sarah Beth heard her name, so she gave Maria a break.
 “Hey Sarah Beth!” yelled Charlie as he walked towards her.
“What?” she said as she put her hands on her hips. Oh no it’s the boy who was crying for his mother. That’s the last thing I want to deal with, she thought.
“I just wanted to say hi,” said Charlie shyly, as he moved his foot in the sand like a dork. Next, she spotted Eugene as he started to enter the boy’s side of the bunkhouse. She smiled and pulled his suspenders back and then let them go with joy. She enjoyed seeing others suffer as a pain reliever for all the suffering that she endured throughout her life. Eugene looked perplexed, but continued to walk inside the boy’s bunkhouse.
Sarah Beth said bye to the boys, as she looked inside the girl’s bunkhouse and saw Jorgina doing some sort of weird dance. Before unpacking, she pulled out her mirror and reapplied her black eyeliner. “Hurry up, Jorgina, would you come on?” she muttered.
“Would you chill, Sarah Beth?  I have to find someone to unpack and arrange my stuff,” said Jorgina.
“All she wants to do is have fun,” said Sarah Beth. Angry, she peered around and saw Maria. “Yeah you, quiet spook, did you get my bunk ready? Tell Jorgina to come on and make up her bunk too. Hurry it up!”
Instinctively Maria lowered her head and pulled her hood over her hair and gray-blue eyes. Because of her shy, quiet personality it was easy for someone like Sarah Beth to take advantage of her. She, like Charlie, just wanted to go home, but Maria didn’t dare cry. She hoped this camp would be a safe place away from her older two brothers who always bullied her.
C.J. looked at Sarah Beth and said, “Why don’t’ you lighten up and lay off the bullying?” She seemed like the only one in the group not afraid to stand up to her. Sarah Beth, a bit taken back, only snarled at her. Meanwhile, Luna was still working on getting all her stuff in the cabin.
On the boy’s side, Charlie immediately started digging in his backpack looking for paper while Eugene was measuring his bed to see if his bed was long enough for the bed spread to fit. After he felt everything was properly aligned to perfection, he put the cover and pillow on top and stepped back to admire his expertly-made bunk.
Cody came in and jumped onto the bed and destroyed all of Eugene’s hard work. Then he threw his things on top of it, and ran out the door.  Turning back around, he ordered, “Eugene, make up my bed because we are going to be bunk mates.” Eugene had to smile. He felt awkwardly happy. He had already made a friend even if Cody was bossy.
Seeing Charlie sitting on his unmade bed Eugene asked, “Aren’t you going to make up your bed?”
“No, I’m going to write my mom first,” replied Charlie.
“Can’t that wait? Miss Cindi wants us outside as soon as we get our beds ready.”
“No, this is more important,” he responded. Then he began to write:
Dear Mom,
Can you please come get me? This place is scary and I don’t like it here. Why did you send me here? There are some pretty tough people here. Please hurry and pick me up.”
Your scared son,
Charlie
Jacob stared at the two boys and wished he was anywhere except Camp Clearwater. No jocks here, he thought.
Steely-eyed, Jacob left and murmured, “It’s all cool; everything’s cool here with me,” but in reality he wanted to hit something and would have if he hadn’t seen Cody charging toward him.
Cody dodged Jacob, approached Sarah Beth, and said, “Hey Sarah Beth, are you tired?”
“No!”
“Well you should be because you’ve been racing through my mind all day. So babe whatcha say; want to go out?”
“No loser, what I want to do is to go white water rafting.” She turned to Cindi. “I’m ready to go now! Can we go already?” Sarah Beth demanded.  Rejected but not defeated, Cody turned and walked away.
“Not everyone has even gotten inside; much less put their things away. We need to find out a little something about everyone before we start any activities,” said Cindi.
Sarah Beth sighed and grumbled, “This is so stupid.” She turned to see Luna coming up the path. “You need to hurry up girl and help me with mine and Jorgina’s stuff,” Sarah Beth barked to an already tired Luna.
Cody went down to meet Luna and put his arm around her waist as she struggled with her bag. Instead of offering to help her carry the heavy bag, he smoothed his hair and watched her struggle as he chatted all the way to the bunkhouse.
When Luna dropped her oversized bags down, Cindi asked. “What do you have in there?”
“Just the essentials: two flashlights, a sleeping bag,  34 feet of climbing rope, a hat, gloves, water bottle, hiking boots, a first aid kit, chap stick,  clothes for cold weather, and some other stuff. I like being prepared.”
“Hurry up, Looney.” Sarah Beth laughed at the new nickname she had just created for Luna. “We want to do something fun. You’re slowing everyone down.”
Hoping in vain that Cody would help her, Luna struggled to get both of her oversized bags inside the bunkhouse. No one offered her any help, so she started unpacking in silence with her back to the door, so she wouldn’t have to endure Sarah Beth’s scorn.
Eugene and Charlie walked out of the boy’s side. Thankfully, Charlie had quit crying and Eugene was carrying on a conversation with his calculator. “Well we’re here. Look buddy, there‘s Wheeler Peak. It’s 1316 feet above sea level and the highest point in New Mexico.”
Sarah Beth looked at Eugene and said, “I thought I had problems but the nerd is seriously messed up.” This made Charlie tear up again.
“Why are you crying?” she asked.
Not knowing what to say, he said the first thing he could think of, “I don’t know. I think you’re pretty.” For the first time, Sarah Beth didn’t know what to say. She sat there speechless, and smiled her first smile in a long time.
Meanwhile, Jorgina was talking to C.J. as she threw her things on the bunk under hers. She was a master manipulator. She would engage people in conversation, bait them, and then go in for the kill.
Speaking to Maria, Luna, and C.J., she asked, “What do you think about that Eugene dude and his suspenders?” She started laughing. “Boy, this is going to be a good time. I feel like my parents actually gave me reward. They are so clueless. They thought they were sending me to an exclusive rich kids’ camp. Boy, would they be surprised. They were on the edge of their seats thinking that they were just one step closer to straightening me out; they made a wrong move, then BAM! They’re back to their senses. This place is a joke. I don’t think it will help any of us.”  C.J. and Luna laughed nervously, while Maria worked emptying Sarah Beth’s and Jorgina’s suitcases and made up their beds.
Jorgina had a captive audience, and she liked attention. So she continued talking, as Maria kept working. Luna pitched in and helped Maria too not realizing what she was doing as Jorgina gave orders where to put all her things. She captured everyone’s attention by talking about one of her old boyfriends as everyone else worked and listened.
 “You can put my Gucci bag over there Luna, if you don’t mind,” said Jorgina. “You know you remind me a lot of myself. I can tell you’re in love with Cody. It’s plain to see but listen to me. You better watch out because he will break your heart. Believe me, I’m telling you.”
“Oh, I believe you. He already has. There must be something wrong with me because I keep coming back for more,” said Luna.
“Let me tell you about my experience while you girls finish putting my sheets on my bed. You know they’re very expensive sheets…the kind Oprah advertised on her show before she quit doing it? Anyway, back to my story. There was a boy like Cody named Zax that I used to like. We dated about a year ago. He was the biggest player of all times. Every girl that crossed his path bowed down to him. They would do anything to get his attention. He was such a player. I don’t know what I ever saw in him,” she shook her head and then continued. “He always used stupid pick up lines like Cody. He was so conceited and should have realized he wasn’t as hot as he thought! Whatever! Yuck! I’m going to hate looking at Cody because he reminds me too much of Zax! Luna, I’m telling you right now, you need to dump him. He already came on to Sarah Beth and me, and we told him to go away.”
Sarah Beth entered the bunkhouse, overheard her talking, and said, “Yeah Jorgina, Cody is pretty nasty. I can see that. Let’s leave and go to the pond. How does a swim sound? Don’t bring any nerds with you,” she laughed. “Really aren’t you done in there?”
C.J. looked at Jorgina and said, “Maybe you and your friends don’t like nerds, but I don’t like bullies, so why don’t you lay off people?  I’m going to be here for three weeks, and it was hard for me to get my money together, so I’m not going to let you push people around.”
“What got her panties in a wad?”  Jorgina laughed.
They left without saying a word, but Cindi saw them trying to sneak away and told them not to leave.

**********

Chapter 4
In Sync with the Campers
“Before we get started on our first outing, it would be a good idea for each of you to tell me something about yourself and why you are here. I’ll start,” said Cindi. Pausing, she noticed Jorgina and Sarah Beth still sneaking away from the group. “Please everybody just leave everything in your cabin and come outside and sit around this campfire stone circle. You can get what you need later. The sooner we do this, the sooner we can have some fun. Jorgina and Sarah Beth, you need to come back now!” she said authoritatively.
Trying not to lose her patience, she noticed Jorgina and Sarah Beth had completely disregarded her and continued walking away from the campfire pit where the rest were sitting.  Again, firmly she said, “Jorgina and Sarah Beth come join the group, or you will miss out on white water rafting.”
Relieved, Cindi inwardly smiled when they returned, even though they were moaning and groaning. She continued.  “As you know, my name is Cindi. I’m twenty six and I’ve been coming to Camp Clearwater since I was thirteen.
During the school year, I’m a counselor in a middle school in Texas. I love the area and working with kids, so this is the perfect summer job for me. I like Mexican food; especially chicken enchiladas. I love the outdoors…hiking, horseback riding, and white water rafting. I’m the oldest of six kids, and my favorite vacation was the second year I came to camp here, when I was about your age.”
Quickly, she asked Eugene to tell about himself because he seemed the most compliant.
He began, “I’m Eugene Eddweiser, thirteen, and the smartest kid in town. As you can see, I have brown hair.”
“Why are you here?” asked Cindi.
“I already told you, I’m at the wrong camp. I was accidentally placed here by my illogical parents,” he responded.
“Go ahead continue,” implored Cindi.
“Okay, let’s see. I was talking about being the smartest kid in town. I only make all “A” pluses and I’ve never committed a crime in my life. I guess I’m going to be bunking with Cody,” he said; then he thought back about how Cody had messed up his perfect bed which made him want to curl up into a ball. “Back to my family… they are so stupid. I just want to pull my hair out because I have to pay the bills and manage things. I’m sort of worried what’s going to happen to them while I’m gone. My parents think I’m in Florida.”
He sighed and continued. “I was born on November 15, 1998, but I was supposed to be born on Thanksgiving.” Feeling self conscious and like he had said enough, he didn’t tell what was really on his mind. He would have liked to have confided to the group about how he was afraid of lots of things: Sarah Beth and Jorgina, being alone in the bathroom, ghosts, playing Bloody Mary, and large dark clouds with distinctive faces on them, but instead he said, “That’s all about me.”
Next to talk was Jorgina. She began, “Hey, my name is Jorgina. My birthday is December 16th.  I’m fifteen and what you’d call a juvenile delinquent. I blame my parents for my wretched life. My dad’s a famous attorney. He works on contracts with sports players in Dallas that play for the Rangers, and Cowboys. My mom is an actress on the reality show, Dallas Dynasty.  Neither of them are ever home! There are times I don’t see them for weeks because they go out of town, even out of the country, all the time. People are always checking up on me at school. It’s so annoying when my name is called over the loud speakers, and I’m ordered to go to the counselor’s office. It happens almost three times a week,” she said with a sigh.
“We have a three story house which I think is pretty stupid because I’m an only child, and like I’ve said my parents are hardly ever home.”
“What are your parents’ names?” asked Eugene.
“Matthew Pierce is my dad, and my mom is the famous Christina Right.”
The group nodded, affirming they had all heard of them, except for Eugene who shook his head and said, “No, I’ve never heard of them.”
“Why are you here?” asked Cindi.
“I’m here for shoplifting, hitting a cop, getting in two fights, and skipping school. I've been arrested four times in the past year, but my parents always get me off. They thought they were sending me to an exclusive rich kids’ camp, so I could meet the “right” kind of people. They also wanted to get me away from Sarah Beth, who they think is a bad influence on me, but Sarah Beth is my best friend, so I told her about this camp and we arranged this whole thing.
My parents have no idea she is here. That shows how much they know or care. I pretty much do what I want to do just in case you want to know,” she said boastfully. Then she added, “Oh and by the way just so all you nerds know, nobody messes with me; so you better watch out ‘cause I don’t like it when losers like you put your hands on me, touch my hair, and especially when anyone tells me what to do. I thought I should let you know early so I don’t have to waste my energy and have you find out the hard way.” She laughed and high fived Sarah Beth. Under her breath she muttered, “Oh boy, this is going to be a good time!”
Without responding, Cindi knew it was time to move on. “Who would like to go next?”
Cody spoke up next. “Well I’m Cody as you all know. Actually, the reason I’m here is because I was on the internet, and I found a deal for a summer camp on Groupon. It was half off, and it sounded like fun, so I talked my mom into it. But there’s more to my story.”
“Now I’ll tell you about myself. I was born on a Saturday; a glorious Saturday is what my parents say. I was nine pounds. Yeah, I know that’s fat, but now I’m sexy,” he said as she smiled and looked around for reactions.
He added, “I came out with a full head of hair. Well, that’s what my parents have told me. When I was four years old, I started competing in beauty pageants for boys, and of course I won. I’ve also done quite a lot of modeling. I’d like to talk to you later Jorgina to get your mom to put in a good word for me, so maybe I could be on her reality show. It’s obvious I’d be perfect for it.”
“No way, never,” said Jorgina.
“Oh I believe you’ll change your mind after you get to know me a little better.”
“I doubt it,” said Jorgina as she rolled her eyes.
“My dad died when I was little, so I’ve only been around women. Know what I’m saying pretty ladies?”  He laughed his unique flirty laugh and decided not to tell everyone the real reason he wanted to be at the camp was to buff up. He needed to get stronger, and he wanted to be more athletic.
Luna spoke up next. “I never had a good family structure if you know what I mean, but I think I have a good personality. I’m here because I needed to get away from my mom, her boyfriend, and my brother. I thought about trying to sneak on the bus but decided to do fund raisers instead.  I worked my tail off doing odd jobs and I got some money as a reward for working to rescue an endangered species of red foxes.” She looked at the stuffed fox in her lap. In reality, the only reason she wanted to come was because Cody was going, and she liked him, but she didn’t want to admit it.  She continued, “I like to plan ahead and I’m very organized. I guess that’s enough.”
“Okay, thanks, who wants to go next? What about you Maria?” asked Cindi not sure if she understood the deal about the fundraiser.
“There’s nothing much to tell. I don’t like to talk. That’s all I care to say for now,” she ended abruptly.
“Thanks for sharing,” said Cindi.
 “Alrighty then,” laughed Cody awkwardly.  Then he looked at Cindi and said, “Are you married, pretty lady?” 
 “No,” Cindi replied quickly not wanting to get into it. “Okay, who wants to be next? How about you Sarah Beth?”
Sarah Beth rolled her eyes and snarled because she wasn’t allowed to leave. She had her legs pulled under her chin and rested her head on them like she was pretending to be asleep and bored by everything going on.
Jorgina spoke for her. “This is really funny guys. Sarah Beth is here because she stole a car and ran it into a bank. The police thought she was trying to rob the bank, but she wasn’t.”
“What’s so funny about that?” asked Eugene perplexed.
“The funny thing was that it was my mom’s Corvette, and she was stealing it for me, so we could go joy riding. It got my mom so mad that she said I couldn’t see Sarah Beth ever again, but I guess we can all see how well that worked,” she giggled.
Luna was talking to Cody and not paying attention. Charlie was still crying. C.J. was in a trance. Maria was covered up by her hoodie and almost invisible.
“Come on guys. Don’t make this so hard,” begged Cindi. “C. J. what’s your story? Why are you here?”
“Don’t have a story, and don’t have anything to say. I came because it sounded like fun, and I didn’t have anything better to do,” explained C.J.

**********

Chapter 5
Fallen Star
Feeling a little awkward, Jacob spoke up. “I hate talking, but I might as well get this over with. My name is Jacob Burton. I’m here because Sarah Beth framed me for stealing money from the lunch lady’s register. Yes, sometimes I feel mean, and I have anger issues. I fight way too much and like to argue, but I’m not a thief.”
He looked at Sarah Beth and growled, “If she was a guy she would get the Jacob Burton knocked out of her. I can’t believe I have to spend three weeks with her.”
Sarah Beth looked up from her fake slumber, made a face, and said something not worth repeating. She continued making verbal bashes at him until Cindi told her to stop.
“Whatever!” said Sarah Beth as she returned to her fetal position.
Jacob continued, “What really made me mad is that when the principal viewed the camera and saw Sarah Beth stealing the money, he still sent me to court because I screamed at him. I can’t help it, sometimes my anger gets the best of me, and I just go off.”
Again Sarah Beth uncurled and made some angry remarks until Cindi went and sat next to her. “Let’s move on,” encouraged Cindi.”I think it would be best if we didn’t talk about Sarah Beth anymore.”
Reluctantly, Jacob continued, “When I got off the bus, I was amazed at the giant mountains. Then some nitwit named Eugene Eddweisser said, “It’s Wheeler’s Peak, the highest mountain in New Mexico. He’s such an annoying know-it-all. So I turned around to him and said, “Guess what? I don’t care about any of your moronic facts.”
Eugene looked disappointed, on the verge of crying because he loved sharing facts with anyone who was willing to listen. He was shocked that Jacob was mad for no apparent reason. He thought, boy that guy really does need help with anger management if he got mad because I told him the name of the mountain.
Jacob took a deep breath and continued, “The main thing you need to know about me is that I love sports, especially football. All the coaches really like me, and think I’m one of the best players. I hope this deal with Sarah Beth doesn’t get me kicked off the team.” He looked over again at Sarah Beth as she clenched her fists to keep herself from lunging toward him.”
“Remember this is not about Sarah Beth. This is about you,” reminded Cindi.
“The coaches told me to learn to control my anger, so I could get back on the team. That’s the real reason I’m here. Sports is my life.  I’m a line backer and I like to work out. I think this camp wouldn’t be so bad if Sarah Beth wasn’t here.”
“Jacob, no more about Sarah Beth. Thanks for sharing,” interrupted Cindi trying to divert his anger. “Do you have a favorite time in your life you’d like to share with the group?”
“Yeah, a couple of winters ago, I went snowboarding here with my mom and sister. It was one of the best times of my life, but this last year has been my worst.”
“Is it something you’re comfortable sharing?” inquired Cindi.
 “Not really.” He looked down, hesitated, and took a deep breath to calm with nerves.
“It’s not good to keep everything inside,” encouraged Cindi. 
With a faraway look in his eyes, his voice lowered. It was easy to tell he wasn’t used to talking about his problems, but he had released some of his pent up anger in regards to Sarah Beth and survived. Slowly, he continued,” I haven’t told anybody about this before.” He stopped, and bit his lip as if debating inside himself if he should continue.  Taking another deep breath, he started again in a low voice. “My mom’s boyfriend used to beat her. He used to beat us too.” Looking down he paused, waiting for any rude comments before continuing. None followed, so he kept talking, picking up the pace a little. “A few months ago she was pregnant and when he hit her, it caused her to have a miscarriage.”
His eyes moistened and there was a lump in his voice. “I was really looking forward to having a baby brother. He was supposed to be born just six weeks before she lost him.”
Feeling courageous, he continued. “The whole thing made me angry and upset. It was right before the episode with Sarah Beth, and I didn’t know how to deal with it, so I began hitting everything. ” Sarah Beth looked up, surprised by his honesty.
Again he stopped and looked toward Cindi and Sarah Beth. Shaking his head, he continued, “She said something to me and the weird thing is, I don’t even remember what it was, but I do remember that I pushed her, and then she pushed me back. She told the principal that she saw me stealing money in the lunch room.” He stopped to see if Cindi would let him continue.
Everyone was listening. Sarah Beth remained calm as he continued. “The lunch ladies never liked me because I never said nice things about their food even though I thought it was great. Of course, they didn’t believe me. Sometimes, I think people have it out for me. I don’t know why.” He stopped and looked down before finishing and diverted his eyes from the group. “I had to go to court. They gave me the option of spending my summer doing community service and taking anger management classes two days a week or spend three weeks at Camp Clearwater.” He laughed an uncomfortable laugh, licked his lips, and said, “That was an easy decision. How bad can this place be? It looks bearable to me, but of course I just got here.” Aware of revealing his vulnerability and surprised by all he had shared, he quickly went back to his tough-boy- glare with his jaw locked.
“I think we all understand why you are here. Thanks for sharing. Anything else before we move on?” asked Cindi.
Shaking his head, Jacob continued, “The biggest issue for me is how I’m going to live without watching or playing sports. I really wanted to visit Minnesota this summer, so I could see the Vikings’ training camp. My mom said we might go, but obviously not now since I got in trouble.” Jacob became angry with the thought of this.
Cindi hoped she could calm him down without any confrontation. She began to feel the tension in the room growing, so she reminded herself to remain calm and positive. “We can continue getting to know each other later. How about you grab something you don’t mine getting wet. We’re scheduled to go white water rafting in an hour. We will hike down to the river.”
The camp with its mountain setting was designed to help campers gain insight into their core values and learn to accept responsibility for their choices. Ideally, it would give kids a chance to achieve success and calm those with anger issue in a safe environment, but Cindi knew it was time to change activities.

**********

Chapter 6
Wilderness Training
Everyone liked the idea of going white water rafting. Jacob was the first out of the bunkhouse followed by Eugene who had on yellow floaties and scuba flippers. In his hand was an inner tube that looked like it would belong to a child.
Cindi couldn’t help but giggle. “Tell me you’re not wearing that. You can’t wear that in the raft.”
Eugene looked disappointed. “I have to. I don’t know how to swim. I’ll probably die without my floaties, and the soles of my feet are tender. I need all this stuff,” he said unashamedly.
“No you don’t. Remember we’re going hiking, and you certainly can’t hike in scuba shoes.”
“All I have are these shoes and my pair of tennis shoes.”
“Why would you even pack those scuba diving shoes?” asked Cindi.
“I told you I’m at the wrong camp. This is totally not the camp where I’m supposed to be,” exclaimed Eugene. “I was supposed to be on the coast, and we were supposed to study marine biology and run scientific data on places with oil spill pollution.”
“That’s kind of odd you would choose to go there if you don’t know how to swim and are afraid of water,” said Cody.
“I like doing experiments and research, and besides I thought I might learn to swim if there weren’t people I knew watching me,” he explained.
“I’m still confused how you didn’t figure out sooner you were at the wrong camp. Didn’t you figure out you were headed in the wrong direction as soon as you got on the bus when you saw all the mountains?” asked C.J.
“I was busy playing with the square roots on my calculator. It was like I was in my own little world.”
“Like I said before, your name is clearly on our list,” explained Cindi. “Somebody signed you up for Camp Clearwater; you need to make the best of it, since it’s paid for.”
“My parents drop me off at the library every day, and a librarian helped me get the scholarship to go to the camp, but my parents insisted on filling out the application online, which I knew would be a mistake.” Eugene cried.
“You’re here now, maybe fate sent you. Who knows this camp might be the best thing that ever happened to you. I think the wilderness, mountains, and natural setting could benefit you and really, anybody. Go back inside and put on your tennis shoes, and then meet me outside.  It’s going to be okay Eugene.” She didn’t know who she was trying to convince the most: him or herself.
Cody came out wearing only a bright blue Speedo and Cindi told him to put some shorts on top of it. Luna was still wearing her skinny jeans. Cindi told her to go back and change because white water rafting and skinny jeans went together as well as flip flops on horses. She went inside and changed into ripped jeans and a TCU sweat shirt, skater shoes, dog tags, and goggles. She was carrying a backpack in her right hand.
“What do you have in your backpack?” asked Cody.
“A change of clothes, a hat, gloves, rope, a first aid kit, and a small blanket.”
“Oh that’s good,” said Cindi, happy she had changed and actually brought some useful items.
Sarah Beth wearing the same clothes as before, walked over towards Luna. Being unusually quiet, Cindi wondered if she was up to something. Jorgina came out in a bikini and matching high heels. Cindi told her to go back and change because she’d get all scratched up during their hike if she didn’t have more clothes on. She said, “Jorgina, you will not make it an hour in those heels. You feet will be killing you, please go back inside and change into something that won’t hurt your feet.”
Jorgina replied, “If anyone needs to change… it’s you.” She lifted her nose and sneered.  “Maybe I’ll see if I can use my mom’s influence and get you on ‘What Not to Wear’ because Cindi, you have no fashion sense.”
“It’s not about fashion and style,” Cindi patiently explained. “It’s about safety and comfort.”
Pouting, Jorgina came out again wearing a spaghetti strap top, shorts, with her Gucci bag in her hand, still wearing her heels.
Frustrated, Cindi said, “I told you not to wear those heels. You’re going to be miserable, and your expensive purse will be ruined.”
“It doesn’t matter. I look cute in my heels. As for my purse, I have five or six more. Besides it has my iPod, makeup, cell phone, and all my essentials,” returned Jorgina.
Again Cindi tried to dissuade her from bringing it, but Jorgina wouldn’t listen and swung her purse over her shoulder as she headed towards Sarah Beth.
Charlie wearing the same clothes came out with a small travel bag.
“What’s in the bag?” asked Cindi.
“I just have my toothbrush, toothpaste, and some tissues,” explained Charlie.
“Why do you need that?” asked Jacob.
“I just usually carry them because I never know if I’ll need them,” replied Charlie timidly and then asked, “Is there a phone near the white water rafting place, so I could call my Mom?”
Once more, he got the same answer, “No!”
C.J., looking prepared for a mission had on hiking boots and a backpack filled to capacity.
“What’s in the backpack?” Maria asked.
“Just some first aid stuff. I usually bring stuff like that if I’m going anywhere.”
“Okay, great idea. Are we all here?” questioned Cindi as she picked up her back pack and headed out.
“No, that quiet girl who doesn’t say anything isn’t here. She said she wasn’t going,” announced Luna.
“Maria?” said Cindi.
 “Well, if she’s not going, neither am I because I don’t like the water. Something bad happened a few summers ago on vacation in Florida, and I haven’t been able to get in the water since. I really don’t want to go.” said Luna.
“We’ll see about that. We need to get started.” Cindi went inside the bunkhouse and ordered Maria to come on. Reluctantly, she came out and joined the group.
 Cindi led the way through a forest of trees where a path had been made. There were lots of rocks and gravel along the way. “Everyone watch out. These rocks are slippery, and it’s easy to lose your footing.”
Luna and Maria were griping non-stop. “It’s not like I’m two years old. I’m fourteen. I’d rather go back to the bunkhouse. I stay by myself all the time anyway! I wasn’t sent here by a court. I’m just here because it sounded fun, and I heard Cody was going. I’ve been saving up my babysitting money, and I’ve been working at a drive-through. I shouldn’t be treated like a juvenile. You know not everyone here has a criminal record,” said Luna.
Walking in front of the girls was Eugene eavesdropping. “I thought you said you raised the money for camp by doing fund raisers for endangered red foxes?”
“I was only kidding. Wow, some people will believe anything. Can I go back? My feet are hurting.” complained Luna.
The group had not been gone more than four minutes before everyone began to complain that their feet were hurting especially Eugene.
“Just shut up, will you? You’ve taken four steps,” growled Sarah Beth.
“I know,” Eugene said, “but I have tender skin!”
Maria groaned as Eugene began a lecture on why some people’s skin was softer than others and the proper way to apply lotion.
Jacob mumbled something to Jorgina and she passed the message on to Sarah Beth, who told Cody, who then processed to tell everyone else.  Immediately, everyone walked a few steps away from Eugene, who was so engrossed in his lecture that he didn’t realize he was alone. After finishing, he looked around and realized no one was listening to him and moved on. He started running to catch up with the group easily reaching Jorgina who was having a hard time walking in her heels over the rocky terrain. She regretted wearing the heels but wouldn’t admit it.

**********

Chapter 7 
Treacherous Mountain Path
Walking on the rocky path to white water rafting, Sarah Beth was trying hard to not lose her balance. Everywhere she walked, rocks randomly protruding from the earth. “It’s so hot!” she complained, finding it hard to breathe the humid thin air. Missing her footing, she tripped and started tumbling down a rocky hill.
“Help!” she shrieked as she rolled over and over. Finally she came to a halt.
“I’m on my way Sarah Beth,” said Charlie as he started rushing down the side of the hill. When he got there, he reached out his hand for her to grasp, but she slapped it away. He said, “I’m here to help you. Here lean on me,” he insisted. “I’ll be your crutch. I know you think of me as a crybaby, but I will protect you. I like you Sarah Beth.”
Sarah Beth was surprised by Charlie’s actions and words. With big eyes, she stared at him silently as she brushed herself off. Scrapes covered her legs and arms. She grabbed her throbbing head. Her vision was a little blurry as she looked around. It seemed like the trees were engulfing the area around her.
C.J. came up with an alcohol rub. Sarah Beth snatched it from her, and she started to clean the dirt off herself. Afterwards, C.J., with an uneasy feeling in her gut, suggested that they go back to the bunkhouse; certain things would get much worse before they got better.
Charlie didn’t leave Sarah Beth’s side. He again spoke, “Come on Sarah Beth, can’t you see I’m the only one who can help you right now?”
She pushed Charlie away and called for Jorgina who stood at the top of the slope. The path was so rocky she had given up wearing heels and was barefoot. Gingerly, she tiptoed down the slope being careful to not twist her ankle or step on any sharp twigs. Pausing, she told Sarah Beth she didn’t think she could walk any farther because her feet were in extreme pain. Even though Cindi told her twice to not wear the heels, Jorgina was never going to admit that she was wrong.
Stubbornly, Sarah Beth tried to stand on her own but tripped and twisted her ankle.  She heard someone at the top of the slope laughing and applauding her misfortune, but she didn’t care enough to look up to see who it was.
Cindi hiked down and looked at her ankle. She pulled a walkie-talkie out of her backpack and began signaling for help. When she turned around, she saw Jorgina sliding down the rocky terrain. She was crying too. When she stopped, she carefully tried to pull pine needles and fragments of rocks out of her feet. Cindi knew she must be in pain and remembered the warning she had given to her, but she decided not to say, “I told you so.”
The rest of the group came down to check on Sarah Beth. Cody was also injured and asked if anyone had any disinfectant because he had scratches on his bare chest.
Luna told him he could wear her change of clothes, even though they were too tight and too small for him, but at least it covered him up. Eugene was reciting how to care for scratches and pretending he was an ER doctor. Jacob didn’t say much, but he didn’t seem too sympathetic to all those who were injured. He and C.J. offered to assist anyone who needed help climbing back to the top of the hill.
“Hang in there guys, we’re getting close to a base camp that has supplies, cots, food, and medicine waiting for us. Keep on walking and don’t fall behind,” said Cindi. “We are almost there.”
“Are we still going white water rafting?” asked Jacob.
“No, I think we all need to rest. We will spend the night at the base camp and stay there until we are all ready to move on,” Cindi said.
When everyone saw a tarp covering on the ground, they were relieved because under it was tents, and all the supplies they needed.  Cindi, C.J., and Jacob collapsed like rag dolls because they had been taking care and shouldering most of the weight of those who were hurt.
“All who are able, need to help me get these tents assembled. We need to set up camp before it gets dark. It will be much harder to do in the dark,” said Cindi.
Jacob, C. J. Luna, Maria, Eugene, and Luna helped while the others nursed their injuries and rested.

**********

Chapter 8
Letters to No One
After getting the tents assembled, Cindi gave everyone a much needed time to rest. She looked over the supplies that were left for them. There wasn’t much to choose from, but no one was complaining because they were all hungry. They grilled hot dogs over a fire they built and ate pork ‘n beans straight from a can. Everyone got a candy bar for dessert and water to drink. C.J. and Maria helped clean up while Jacob, Eugene, and Charlie went looking for more firewood.
After supper, it was time for another counseling session. Cindi said, “We all have hurts. Sometimes life isn’t fair, and often people don’t treat us right. Wouldn’t you like to get a letter from a person who hurt you where they said they were sorry, and that they valued you? The reality is that it probably won’t happen, although you wish it would, but we can’t carry our disappointments with us. They become too heavy, so we have to find ways of letting them go.”
No one seemed to be listening. It was like she was talking to herself. Sarah Beth said, “Can’t we do something fun instead of counseling stuff. It’s so boring.” She was in a bad mood and taking it out on anyone close by because she had injured her leg more after her tumble because she didn’t want to accept anyone’s help except Jorgina who was too hurt to help even herself.
Most agreed with her and was disrespectful to Cindi. They ignored what she was saying and talked amongst themselves, but Cindi calmly continued. “When I was fourteen, I met a boy here at Camp Clearwater. I thought we were in love, even though we were so young. We were together all the time for three weeks. He was the first thing I thought of when I woke up and the last thing I thought about when I went to bed and everything in between. We hated to say goodbye when camp ended and promised to write each other every day. The first few weeks after we got back we wrote each other and promised to meet back here the next summer. I kept writing him but he stopped writing to me for no reason. When the next summer came, I kept my promise to meet him here, but he didn’t keep his.”
Cindi paused and realized that most of the campers had begun to listen to her story. “There was no explanation why he stopped writing me, so I figured he had found someone else. I wished he would have told me something instead of keeping me hanging. For twelve years, I’ve been coming back here hoping he would be here, and I’ve been disappointed every year, but I’ve decided this is my last summer. I have to let him go, and quit thinking that he might change his mind and come back to me. I can’t hold on to something that happened twelve years ago. I just have to forget about him, so I’ve written a letter I wish he would have written me. I have it here,” she said as she held it up in her hand. “I won’t bore you with it,” Cindi said.
“I’d like to hear it,” said Luna. Jorgina and C.J. asked to hear it too, so she read:

Dear Cindi,
I am so sorry that I disappointed you and never came back. I know that must have hurt you. I was a coward. Also I didn’t want to make a big commitment when I was young. I knew there were other girls I would want to date. Actually, when I got home from camp, there was a girl that I had liked all during the school year, and her name was Ashley. She wanted to get back together, and so I did, but the thing is I was still thinking about you and missing you. I wasn’t strong enough to be alone. If I’d kept up the relationship with you, then that would have meant that I would have been alone all during the school year and that would have been too painful for me.
Don’t think that I’ve forgotten about you because I haven’t, and I wish I could see you again to see if there is anything there. I hope so because you are very special, and you deserve to be loved and have someone who will not hurt you. If you give me another chance, I promise I will be that person. Please write me back.
Love,
Joe

After Cindi finished reading her letter, she added that she wrote him a letter back.
“Would you read it?” asked Luna, interested.
“Okay,” said Cindi. Although I know he won’t get it. I needed to put my feelings and pain some place, so I put it in this letter, so I wouldn’t have to keep carrying it around.” She read her response letter to the group as they listened.

Dear Joe,
It is true that you broke my heart. My life has been on hold for the last twelve years, but I decided that I can’t wait for you forever. I decided this was the last year I would wait for you, and that if you didn’t come back, I would just give up hope. Yes, I have tried to see other people, but everyone reminded me of you, and no one compared to you. I remember your eyes, your hair, the way you held me in your arms, the way you made me feel safe and loved. I remember the first time you told me you loved me and how you made me feel special.
The way you treated me was cruel. You made so many broken promises and hurt me all the way to the quick of my heart. I have cried an ocean of tears over you, and I’ve often wondered if you have even thought about me. I’m sure there is someone out there for me, and I know it is past time for me to find him. This is goodbye. I hope you have a good life. Just know you missed out on someone who would have loved you like no one else. I’m sorry you couldn’t see that. But I know I deserve better. This is my final goodbye. I feel bittersweet right now. I regret that it took me so long to let the dream of us being together go, but it feels liberating to finally do it and mean it. It’s over forever! 

“That’s weird but my dad’s name is Joe too,” said C.J.
“That’s really not that weird. Joe isn’t that unusual a name. I have an uncle named Joe too,” said Eugene.
“Dude, give it a rest, would you Eugene? You get on my nerves because you think you know everything. I just want to punch you in the face,” said Jacob.
“Really?  Stop it Jacob. It was just a letter and I think there is a letter inside each of you that needs to be written. Believe me, it’s therapeutic to get the pain outside of you and onto paper,” said Cindi. Then, she took her letter, wadded it up, and threw it in the fire. Everyone was surprised.
“Why did you do that?” asked Eugene.
“Just as a symbol that the pain I’ve been carrying around is dead, and I don’t want to hold on to it anymore,” she explained. “I’m going to challenge each of you to write your own letter. You are welcome to share them with the group or you may keep it private. It’s your choice, but use this time to let some pain go.” She handed each camper a journal and they began writing.
C. J. said, “I don’t want to write a letter.  Can I write a poem or something like that?”
“Yes, just write what you want,” said Cindi.
This is what C. J. wrote:

Shadows surround me on all sides. I want to sleep away everything….My memories threaten to engulf me in shadows forever. I sit up night after night thinking and trying to keep the shadows at bay, but they still creep into the corners of my life and eyes. Even sheer torture can’t make them go away. Sometimes, I wish I could just sleep it away, but even my dreams remind me of everything that happened in my past. My only dream is to have a real family with no worries. But I know it will never happen. My worries will never go away and neither will the shadows. So I guess it will be alright. I’m trying to put the past behind me and be happy, but my happiness is fading away.

C. J. closed her journal and handed it back to Cindi. “Would you like to share?” Cindi inquired.
“No, it’s okay. You can read it, but I don’t want anyone else to,” she replied.
I wonder what she meant by wishing she had a real family, Cindi thought.
“So what do your initials stand for?” asked Cindi.
“Christina Janis. I was named after my Grandmother.”
“I like it; it’s pretty,” said Cindi.
“Thanks,” said C.J. as she held a blank stare and sat down quietly.
Maria was writing what seemed to be a book. She obviously had a lot to say, and she was eager to share, which surprised Cindi.

Dear Sis, she wrote…
I’m sorry for making you do all my chores, taking out my frustration out on you, and hassling you about our father, and step-father. I’m sorry for abandoning you, mom, and my wife.
Your sad excuse for a brother,
Martin

“I know I’ll never get a letter that this one from him,” she mumbled and then continued with her next letter.

Dear Maria,
I’m so ashamed for leaving you, your stepfather, and sister-in-law. I was just so stressed out with your brother being gone that I panicked. I just want you to know that no matter where life takes you, I’m proud of you and I love you.
Your mom,
Maranda Marks

“I can stop now even though I have more,” said Maria.
“No that’s okay. Get it all out. Keep on reading what you’ve written,” said Cindi.
“Are you sure?”
Nodding, Cindi said,” I’m sure. Not everyone is finished so you can read them quietly to C.J. and me if C. J. doesn’t mind listening.”
“I don’t mind,” returned C.J. who was still in a fog, obviously thinking about other things.

Dear Maria,
This is Sasha, your sister-in-law. I wanted to apologize for slapping you. For some reason, I thought it was your fault that your brother left. I only know now how frightened you must have felt, with your mom and brother leaving you with only your step-father and sister-in-law. I am so sorry. Can you forgive me?
Sasha Madonna Marks (Greensburg)

“What happened to your sister-in-law?”
“She is still living at our house. My brother joined the Air Force and didn’t tell anyone he had done it until the day he left. He didn’t want to upset  anyone and wanted to enjoy the time he had left, so he kept it quiet until the day he left which was a bad idea because his leaving almost destroyed our family. I wish he would have talked about his decision before he just up and joined and then left. It was really a terrible day.”
“Hopefully everything will work out, and he will be back safe and sound,” said Cindi.
“This one is to my brother. I always told him and everyone I hated him, but it’s not true. Really, I love and miss him. I just felt so sad he abandoned me and our family. It hurts,” said Maria. Cindi nodded because she understood.

Martin,
I don’t quite get why you left. Was it something I did? Well, in the end I don’t think it matters. You’re gone and I have to cope with that. However, I want to write you as much as I possible to know where you are and such! Even though you left, I love you!
M.M. Marks

 “This last one is to my mom. It’s short and to the point.”

Dear Mom,
I forgave Martin. However, you left me totally alone. I will forgive you in time, and I want to write you more than twice a week. I will forgive you in time!
Maria

Cindi thanked Maria for her willingness to share so much.
Jacob said he didn’t say much but that his letter was from his sister and that in his letter she apologized for taking all her issues out on him. “I wrote her back and said it was okay and that I knew she was moving out soon, and I wished her good luck in the future. That’s all it said,” Jacob concluded. “It wasn’t much, but that’s all I had to say.”
“Thanks for sharing. Who wants to be next?” asked Cindi.
Cody said, “I’ll read mine. It’s from an old girlfriend, someone not as awesome as Luna,” he said with a wink.

Dear Cody,
I’m sorry for breaking up with you and going out with that ugly person named Judan; he is totally a nitwit. You’re so sweet, and I want you back. I miss your eyes that shine like sapphires in the sun and your hair that floats in the air like a plane flying in the clouds. And all your cheesy pick up lines. This is what I have to say; I want you back. Will you go back out with me?
Love,
Kaitlyn

“Then I wrote a letter back to her. She really hurt my pride and didn’t deserve me. I still miss her though. She was the only girl who broke up with me. I am always the one who breaks up first. I guess I’m still not over her. Here’s what I would say to her if she tried to get back with me.”

Dear Kaitlin, 
I’m glad you realized that Judan was totally wrong for you but it’s too late. You had your chance. I have moved on. I mean I will miss your sweet voice that keeps me going every morning and your angelic smile that only God could make. You broke my heart, so now I will break yours.
 Not in Love anymore! 
Cody

“Then I pretended she wrote me back again,” said Cody who was getting into the letter writing activity.

Dear Cody,
Why would you do that to me? I just poured my heart out to you, and you rejected me. How could you? We could have had it all… love, humor, and loyalty.
Not your friend,
Katie

“Is there more?” asked Cindi.
“Yes, there’s just a little more,” said Cody.

Dear Katie,
I didn’t know you felt that way, but it’s still too late. I mean I love you. You’re amazing, but I can’t trust you. You already broke up with me once. Goodbye Kaitlin, don’t ever talk to me again.
Your X-friend,
Cody

“How do you feel?” asked Cindi.
“Actually better. It made me feel good to have her beg me to come back.”
“Can I go next?” asked Luna, who was feeling jealous over Cody’s feelings for Kaitlyn.
“Sure, go ahead.” said Cindi.
 “Okay here goes. This is from my boyfriend, Hunter. We have been going out for about three months,” said Luna. This was a lie, but she was hoping it would get to Cody. In reality, Hunter was a boy Luna had liked, but he had never liked her back.
 “I thought you were in love with Cody?” said Eugene.
“Eww no,” said Luna. Again she wasn’t truthful. She still liked him and carried the little red fox he gave her around like it was a real pet. She hoped her letter from Hunter would make him jealous. She tried not to look towards Cody as she began reading, but her eyes looked in his direction and then quickly down to her letter.

Dear Luna,
You are amazingly beautiful and smart. You are as bright as the sun. Funny like a comedian; you make me laugh. Adventure and your strong nature are your friends. You are like a butterfly but you can get as angry as a mother bear trying to protect her cubs. You smile, laugh, and blush like no other girl I’ve met, but you have more pain and problems than I can handle. You have more flaws than anyone I’ve ever met. You can’t go into the water because of something that happened with your father two summers ago. You cry way too much. You expect me to listen to your problems when I don’t care. You get angry when I try to go hang out with my friends without you. Let me tell you this: you are worth less, you’re clumsy.  You hate it when I don’t tell you when I’m going to call, but most of all you’re too into nature. Just go away and don’t come back. I never want to see you again.
Sincerely,
Hunter

Cindi interrupted, “Is that a letter you would like to receive, a letter where someone criticizes you?”
“No, I was writing what I wanted to hear and then without me thinking, it went back to what I’m used to hearing which is all criticism. Hunter calls me worthless and clumsy and tells me he never wants to see me again. Then, he gets lonely and wants to go back out with me and asks me to forgive him. I always think that things will be different, but he’s nice for a while and then quickly he turns back into the jerk he really is. I don’t understand myself. I always go back out with him which makes me feel like a loser.” Luna looked distant and held back her tears. She felt too embarrassed to look at Cody.
“I’m sorry you have been hurt so much,” said Cindi.
Not showing any sympathy, Sarah Beth spoke up next. “I really didn’t write much.”
“That’s okay. It doesn’t have to be long,” said Cindi.
“Okay, it is from my mom and all she said was she was sorry for all the mean things she said and did to me. I really don’t want to read it out loud. I’m getting tired of all these letters. Can’t we do something fun?”
“Okay guys, you have done a good job. It’s time for bed,” said Cindi. “Tomorrow will be here before you know it and hopefully we can do something different, but you all need sleep. It’s been a stressful day and there are several of you who are injured and need to sleep and keep still.” There were some moans and groans but everyone except for Sarah Beth who was ready to sleep and give their feet a rest. Listening to the stillness of the night and watching lightning bugs fill the sky had a calming and mesmerizing effect. Within fifteen minutes, everyone was ready to call it a night.

**********

Chapter 9
Fright Night
The boys slept in a small tent and Cindi and the girls slept in a larger one.  No one had fully gone to sleep when Luna announced she needed to pee. “Don’t go too far off,” warned Cindi who got up and threw an extra log on the campfire. Luna was modest and wandered off behind some trees which were several feet away from the tents. She didn’t want Cody to see her.
As she was squatting down, she saw the red beady eyes of a very compact animal with a big head and short squatty legs. Luna froze at the sight of the evil looking eyes and started screaming when she heard snorting sounds. Startled, she started screaming even louder when the animal opened its mouth wide and started towards her.
Everyone came out of their tents screaming. Jacob said, “That’s a boar. I’ve hunted them before. Just get quiet and go back in the tent, and it would be alright. Screaming and running is the worst thing you could do. I’ll go help Luna. Just stay quiet and still.”
Cody did the complete opposite of what he was told and started running and crying like a baby. In his panic, he tripped and fell when he saw the boar and her three babies coming towards him. Cody had inadvertently gotten the boar’s attention off Luna and on to himself.  Luna’s shaking legs made her stumble back towards the camp and collapsed inside the girls’ tent.
Cindi looked for some weapon inside her backpack, but her reaction time was too slow. Jacob ran towards Cody as the boar came plowing just inches from him, and he pushed Cody out of the boar’s path. Cody yelled for him to get on his stomach and roll out of the way. Jacob grabbed a stick and dodged the boar, then quickly turned around and ran in the opposite direction because he knew wild boars can’t make sharp turns. The boar kept on running out into the darkness with her piglets scampering behind her.
Not realizing the seriousness of the situation, C.J. grabbed her jacket and acted like she was a bull fighter and pretended to distract any more boars that might be hiding in the darkness.
Eugene said, “Boars usually won’t attack unless they’re wounded or have babies.”
“That boar did have babies, genius,” said Jacob. “That’s why she was acting so mean.”
Without saying a word, Jorgina grabbed her heels and started climbing a nearby tree. She was shaking as she did. One of her heels fell off. “Do you think that thing will come back and attack us in the middle of the night?”
“No, probably not,” said Jacob. “If she does, I’ll grab the tusks and try to pull them back and hope I can break its neck.”
“Eww,” all the girls said at the same time.
“I’ll have to do something to defend us if we get attacked,” said Jacob hoping the boar wouldn’t return.
Charlie started crying again and asked Cindi if she could please find him a phone as soon as it got light and insisted for about the twelfth time that he go home. “I’d really like to go home, please.”
“I wish I could help you, but like I’ve told you repeatedly, we don’t have phone service. We’re in the wilderness and we have no communication available. I think we need to make sure we have a fire going at all times. I’ll try to make sure it doesn’t go out. We all need to get some sleep.” Cindi affirmed.
“Are we going to die?” asked Maria.
“No, it was just a little scare. We’re going to be okay, but we have to look out for one another. Thank you, Jacob for acting quickly and for saving Luna and Cody,” praised Cindi.
“Yeah thanks,” said Luna.
“Maybe tomorrow morning we can try to find the river and bathe and fish for our breakfast,” said Cindi.
“I hate fish,” said Sarah Beth.
“It’s time to try to get some sleep. I’m just glad no one got hurt,” said Cindi.
“Thanks for asking if I’m okay,” said Cody sarcastically, feeling not cared for.
“Sorry Cody. With all the drama, I guess I forgot to see how you are doing. Are you alright?” asked Cindi.
“My legs and elbows are scraped pretty badly, and I would like to clean the blood off,” he replied.
Both C.J. and Luna offered him some antiseptic spray and a bandage. C.J. walked over to him and began nursing his wounds like she had experience. It was evident she knew how to take care of herself.
Sarah Beth asked Jorgina if she could see any more boars from her perch in the tree. Jorgina said no and then decided to come down. She scraped her legs and feet getting down. Charlie came to help her ,and C.J. went over and bandaged her also. No one slept well and they were happy to see dawn breaking.

**********

Chapter 10
Jorgina and the Snake
When day broke, the group surveyed all their injuries. Many of them were too sore, bruised, and hurt to travel. Cindi tried to use her walkie talkie again in the morning, but she didn’t get anything but static. Digging through her backpack, she pulled out her map. Panicked, she thought she knew the camp by heart, but when day came she realized she was disoriented. Looking around, she didn’t see anything familiar.
“Who thinks they can hike today?” she asked. Only C.J., Luna, and Jacob raised their hands.
“I want to leave. I want to get away from Cody. Jorgina was right. He is not worth it and only trouble to me. I’ve seen him flirting with everyone here, and he is only into himself,” said Luna. Sarah Beth and Jorgina applauded her after she came to that realization. “I’d like to go and get away from here.”
“What about you Maria? Do you feel like going? Are you alright?” asked Cindi.
Maria was shell-shocked and sat there like a mute. She had been quiet before but all the activity of the evening had traumatized her to an even deeper level.  Cody was beaten up and so was Sarah Beth. They both had serious open wounds. Sarah Beth’s leg was twisted in the wrong way. She wrapped it with some gauze that Luna gave her. 
Cody’s back was covered in infected gashes; it looked like a feral cat had clawed him. Jorgina’s feet looked raw and red with open wounds. Pain had replaced attitude in most of the campers. No one had any energy, not even to complain. Cindi checked over their supplies and found four cans of chili, one small loaf of bread and a small jar of peanut butter, along with a twelve pack of bottled water.
“Eugene, you don’t look very injured. Are you up for going with us?” asked Cindi. “What about you, Charlie? Are you going or staying?”
“No thanks, I’ll stay. I’m hungry, plus the girls need a guy to protect them and it looks like I’m the best choice they have.”
“We need to be careful and not eat too much because we don’t know when or where we will find more food. I need people who are able to come with me and look for berries, water, or another base camp. These supplies are not going to last for more than a day or two. We need to find water and get medical attention. Do you guys feel safe if I leave you here, or do you want Jacob, C.J. or Luna to stay with you?”
 “No, we will be fine,” Maria spoke for the first time since the accident.
Charlie asked. “Do you think that wild boar will come back looking for us?”
“No, they’re more nocturnal. I think they will probably rest during the day. The main thing you need to watch out for is snakes.” warned Eugene.
“Is Eugene right about the snakes and the boars?” asked Jorgina.
“Yes, I’m afraid he is. You should be alright when it comes to boars but watch out for snakes,” confirmed Cindi.
“Oh no what should we do if we see a snake?”Jorgina queried.
“Usually the best advice would be to just leave it alone and don’t try to attack it,” said Eugene. “They usually just attack if they are feeling threatened.”
“Oh my gosh, I hope one doesn’t come along. I don’t think I could stand it. Man, I wish I was back home. It is nothing like out here.” Instead of saying it out loud, Jorgina thought I never realized how good I had it.
Sarah Beth said, “Could y’all just go already? We’ll be alright. I think we can manage. Just try to find us something to eat and try to get help. I’m pretty hurt, although I haven’t complained.”
“Yeah, I know you’re doing good Sarah Beth. We’re all going to be alright soon. So is everyone okay with us going? I’ll leave some medical supplies with Eugene just in case you need anything.” Cindi stated.
“I’m not okay, so just hurry and come back soon,” said Charlie.
The group of four headed off away from the base camp.
Jorgina sat in an uncomfortable position gazing up at the trees and the mess and the commotion the animals caused. She remembered the rumble of the boar’s feet trotting off proudly displaying her strength and power which left everyone traumatized. It felt as though her raw wounds had been dipped in alcohol. She studied the deep scratches on her feet and legs as she cringed and grabbed them in agony.
Trying to hold back tears, she raised her right foot to check the damage again. She had a two inch cut going all the way down to her heal along with hundreds of small scrapes and scratches. The burning pain felt like she had walked through a pile of glass with shards embedded all the way to the bone.
“Jorgina! Are you okay?” panicked Maria.
Jorgina said she was but inside she was screaming and wishing she was back in her king size bed with her feet resting on her lush designer pillows. However, she knew there was no possibility of that happening any time soon.
“Hey Eugene, can give me something to wrap my foot with?” she hollered, not able to hold back any more tears.
 “How did you even know I have something?” he asked bending down pulling up his backpack.
“It’s you; of course you have a bandage or something. I saw Cindi give something to you,” Jorgina replied.
 “True. Do you want waterproof or regular? Never mind I have some of both!” Eugene responded with pride.
Jorgina just pretended like she didn’t hear him and practically covered her whole foot with colorful adhesives.  After getting all patched up, Maria helped her slowly hop back to the safety of their tent. Maria said she thought she should look for food or water. After discussing it with everyone, she reluctantly started to leave.
“Don’t go Maria,” Jorgina screamed desperately. “I can’t stay here knowing if anyone will come back! We might not even live!”
Unmoved by Jorgina’s cries, like a soldier on a mission, Maria turned and shouted, “I’ll be back soon.” She wandered off into the woods, but before she left she handed Jorgina a thick tree branch to help her walk.
Shakily Jorgina got up even though the pain was almost unbearable because she felt her legs and feet going numb. All circulation had been cut off as a result of staying in her uncomfortable position in the tree for such a long time. Maybe if I could find some mud or something wet it will make my feet feel better. She hobbled with her stick until she saw something that looked shiny. It glistened like slime and light shining on something wet. Her foot sank into the unknown substance, and she jumped disgusted by the feeling, but at the same time she felt a slight bit of relief. It was mud, and it felt cool against the soles of her feet. For the first time in hours, she felt the burning sting leave even though she wasn’t sure if it would ultimately help or hurt her condition.
She worried about what she was stepping in and then pulled her foot out of it and realized if there was mud then there had to be water near! A sick feeling swept over her. Maybe she had put her foot in manure from some animal. Bending down, she started sniffing, but her sense of smell wasn’t that good, so she decided to pull her foot out and investigate closer. She bent down and smelled the wet ground and was relieved when she realized it was mud. Gleeful, yet still hurting, she hobbled back to the camp.
“Guys, I found some mud.  That is a good sign. It means there has to be some sort of water nearby. I hope Maria went in the right direction.”  Her temporary joy was short lived when she heard a sizzling sound and turned to her right and saw a brown and black snake!  Immediately, she crawled backwards to escape. She wished she had listened to what Eugene had said about snakes but she couldn’t remember what he said. It slithered towards her, opened its jaws, prepared to strike. Shivering in fear, Jorgina fainted and blacked out.
Eugene asked, “Where’s Jorgina?” No one even knew she had left, so they all started calling her name.  Eugene started walking towards the shadows of the woods, and he tripped over her lifeless body. Jorgina slowly opened her eyes to the thud and pressure of a hundred and twenty pound weight.
When she saw Eugene’s face, she squealed, “Get off of me, you creep!”
Just as startled, Eugene jumped up, turned red, and began to stutter something nonsensical about dogs because he felt so uncomfortable. Eugene held out his face and she pushed it away. She tried to get up by herself, but she fell and Eugene caught her.  There was awkward silence because again she found herself face to face with the nerdy face of Eugene so close she could feel him hyperventilating.
Eugene said, “I know CPR. I practiced on a dummy once and I could give you CPR.”
She pushed him backwards into the mud. Now they were both covered and they both heard the hissing sound of a snake. Eugene looked around for it and it was right next to him.
Worried, Charlie started looking for Eugene and Jorgina. He heard both of them screaming and panicking. He picked up a stick, and the snake and threw them into the back woods.

**********

Chapter 11
C.J.’s Secret
 “I hope everyone back at camp is doing okay,” said Cindi worried.  “We need to listen for rushing water. It should be in that direction, if my memory serves me correctly,” as she pointed north.
C.J. veered off from the group and bent down to pick up a sharp stick she found just in case she needed protection from something in the wild. Seeing the grass made her think back to the early hours of the morning when she had woken up before everyone else. Drifting back, she remembered lying on her stomach in the patch of lush, green, dew covered grass. She had lain in a tiny spot, but she didn’t care. It was big enough for her. She remembered just lying there, listening to the whispering winds, songs of the birds, and the loud snoring of Jacob and Maria combined and the restless rustling of leaves. Things had seemed so peaceful early in the morning compared to the night before.
C. J. remembered looking at what was left of their camp. The green tents all astray, a water bucket spilled over, and squashed bushes. She thought back to the wild boar that ran rigid with anger after Luna and Cody the night before and how she felt proud that Cindi wanted her, Luna, and Jacob to go with her to find food and water resources.  It had been hard to get Jacob and Luna up earlier. C.J. had to shake Luna and Cindi had to call Jacob over and over to get him to wake up.
Luna had been complaining all morning about how her head hurt her. Who wouldn’t have a headache after sleeping on the hard ground? But she couldn’t think about the night before because the group was on an important mission. They had to find food and water. Everyone’s survival depended on it.
She scratched her neck and Jacob said, “Hey C.J. there’s something on your back. What is it?” 
“Oh it’s nothing,” she said quickly.
“Nothing? It looks like a tattoo!”  Insisted Jacob. “Yes it is!”
Wide-eyed, Luna asked, “Do you have a tattoo, C.J.?” and she pulled down the back of her shirt instantly interested.
As Luna tugged on the shirt, the tattoo became obvious. “Wow, that’s pretty big. It looks like it has branches or something. What is it? Tell us,” insisted Luna.
 “Okay, you’re right, I do. If you have to know, I have my family tree tattooed on 
my back.”
“Why?” asked Cindi curiously.
“Promise you won’t tell anyone?”
“I don’t know. I guess that all depends,” said Cindi.
“Come on tell us,” said Luna impatiently.
“No, I’m afraid I might get in trouble,” said C.J.
“You mean with your parents, they don’t know you got it?” asked Jacob more determined than ever to hear her story.
“Okay I won’t tell your parents, but you know they will find out sooner or later,” said Cindi.
“It’s not my parents I’m worried about,” replied C.J.
“Oh, do you live with your grandparents or another relative?” asked Cindi.
“No, that’s just it. I don’t live with anyone. I’m homeless. I’ve been homeless for the last two years, and I don’t want to get put in foster care. I just want to find my parents,” said C.J.
“What happened to them?” asked Luna.
“It’s a long story. I’d rather not get into it,” said C.J. evasively.
“You should. What if something happened to you? Who would we contact?” asked Cindi.
“Well, could you at least tell us about the tattoo?” implored Luna who was looking at the old, but very detailed tree. The leaves, trunk, and branches had a gray-green tinge with forest green vines twirling around it. There were names that had a green-gray-red tinge: Sean Lawrence Valentine, Selene Amethyst Valentine, Dale Lawrence Valentine, Christina Janis Valentine, Janice Lela Valentine, Jason Derek Valentine and more. C. J. felt rage go through her and she pulled away. The secrets she guarded for two years were about to come out and destroy her little bubble of protection from outsiders.
“Very good detail. Why do you have it?” Luna asked. C. J.  kept her mouth shut.
“Tell us.” Cindi prompted.
“We need to keep moving,” C. J. said evasively.  “That’s just it. It’s like I said before I don’t have anybody.”
“We can spare a few minutes.” Luna sighed. “Spill the beans.”
C. J. let out a resigned sigh. “If something happens to me anyone can find out who I am and who my family was. My great grandpa is Jason Valentine, writer of the true story: “Valentine Outlaw: Derk Valentine’s Tales.”
Cindi’s jaw dropped. “You’re his great granddaughter?!”
C. J. nodded. “I’m also related to Calare Knight and Clyde Lovett.”
Luna’s jaw dropped. “Clyde Lovett the famous singer?” “The very same and,” C. J. turned to Jacob. “Jet Zapata.”
Jacob’s eyes grew wide with disbelief. “The rock guitar dude?”
“Yes indeed, the number one guitarist in the world. Number one greatest guitar riffs in the world. I have his talent and also Calare Knight’s drawing skills.”
“Who did your tattoo?” Luna asked.
“My brother, Dale,” C. J.  answered proudly. “He has Knight’s talent too. He can do a fox for you, or a drawing of one!” She added quickly at the look on Luna’s face.
“I’ll take the drawing.” said Luna.
“How did you end up at Camp Clearwater?” asked Cindi. “How did you come up with the money? You don’t have a criminal record, do you?”
“No, it’s nothing like that.”
“Come on, you’ve got to tell us, or you’ll regret it,” challenged Jacob. “Really come on,” he said persuasively.
“Okay, I know it’s weird, but my parents worked in sideshows and traveled all across the United States. My mother was a snake handler, and my dad worked the spot lights. My mom used to get her snakes from this area. We even had an area we got snakes in the woods around Camp Clearwater, and I thought I might find my parents here.”
“When and why did your parents leave?” asked Luna who was full of questions.
“My dad worked long hours and if the truth be told, my dad didn’t leave us, we left. He worked hours on end until he got arrested.” C.J. gazed down.
“Why did he get arrested?” asked Cindi.
“Because he left us alone to go to work. My brother Dale and I got put in a foster home, and then we got separated because our foster mother couldn’t keep both of us. My dad, brother, and I all made a plan that if we ever got separated, we would meet near Camp Clearwater. The worst thing that could happen happened. C.P.S. got involved.” C.J. explained.
“My mom was a snake handler like I said and someone reported her when I was younger because they said it wasn’t a good environment for me to be in and it was too dangerous for me to live with a bunch of snakes. When she left, it was my dad, my brother, and me.” C.J. sighed.
“Where is your brother?” asked Cindi.
“I don’t know. My dad was upset after my mom left. He said he was going to find a job and a place for us to stay.”
“How did you and Dale survive?” asked Luna.
“We stayed in shelters, under bridges, and in cardboard boxes with a bunch of other homeless people until they started asking too many questions. We would panhandle and also play the guitar and sing on the street corners. That gave us enough for food and all the necessities.” C.J looked down in embarrassment.
“That still doesn’t explain the tattoo on your back,” said Luna who hadn’t forgotten about it.
“Oh, I got that put on in case anything happened to me, so people could figure out who I was. Dale learned how to tattoo and worked in a little tattoo parlor. He has tattoos all over him. They are pretty awesome,” said C.J.
“Okay if you say so,” said Luna, a little surprised by all the new information. “But I still don’t understand how you got here, and why you wanted to come.”
“It’s like I was saying. I’m homeless and I was hoping I could find the area where my parents would get the snakes from. I was praying my brother or father would be there.”
“You really don’t know where your brother is?” asked Cindi.
“I’m hoping he’s close by. He decided to go look for the area. He gave me all the money he had and I got the rest singing on street corners in downtown Ft. Worth. I had planned to leave the rest of the campers once I got here and go off on my own but then all this trouble started and so now here I am. You won’t tell the authorities will you, Cindi?” asked C.J. concerned 
“No, but I’m concerned for your safety. It’s really dangerous for a fourteen year old girl to be totally by herself. You’re lucky nothing bad happened to you.”
“I’m very cautious and independent. Dale was good at protecting me.”
“Where exactly is the snake ground?” asked Jacob.
“I’m not exactly sure.” C.J said looking around
“Does your brother have a cell phone or a number where you could call him?” asked Cindi concerned.
“No, but we worked it all out. I know he is around here somewhere. We agreed to meet here. I’m sure I will find him soon,” said C.J.
“What does he look like?” asked Jacob.
“He’s fifteen, but he looks like he’s eighteen. He has scorpion tattoos on both his arms, dark shaggy hair; he’s almost six feet tall and he’s skinny. His face is kind of angular. He has a square jaw. Girls tell me he’s handsome, but he’s my brother, so I wouldn’t know about that,” said C.J. 
“Okay well, I hope we find him soon,” said Luna.
“Yeah, me too. I miss him so much. This is the longest we have been separated since I was born.”
“How long ago did you say he left? How was he going to get to Red River from Ft. Worth? That’s about a twelve hour drive,” questioned Cindi.
“He was going to hitch-hike. He said that would be too dangerous for me, so we got the money together and signed me up for this camp.”
“How did you find out about the camp?” asked Cindi.
“We’ve spent lots of time at the library researching everything about Red River and that’s when we found out that the camp was near the snake area. We thought it would be a safe place, and I liked the idea of being part of a family again. It’s been hard to be on my own,” confessed C.J.
“When did were you separated from your parents?” asked Cindi.
“My mother was taken away two years ago.”
“When you were only twelve?” asked Luna doing the math.
“Yes, if fact I wasn’t even quite twelve. I was only eleven. She was taken away two weeks before my birthday. I thought she would surely come back, but she didn’t. My dad didn’t like her getting taken away too well and got angry a lot. He tried to do the best he could for us, but I know it was hard. He said being on the road wasn’t any life for kids, so we stayed with the sideshow until we got to Ft. Worth, and then he quit. That’s when he got arrested, and we never saw him again.”
“It was a bad thing his getting arrested.” said Cindi.
“I know it sound like he’s terrible but he’s really not. He’s a good dad. He was just trying to find a better life for us,” said C. J.
“But parents can’t just up and leave their kids,” said Cindi.
“I know. It wasn’t like him to do that. He told Dale and me he would be back by the weekend and that was over a year ago, and so we’ve done whatever we had to do to avoid trouble. The only thing we could think of was that he was here in the area close to Red River and that we needed to come here to look for him.”
“How old is he?” asked Cindi.
“I think around thirty or so.”
“Wow that’s really young.”
“Yeah, he was really young when my brother was born. Then I was born a year later.”
“Do you have any idea where the snake region is?” asked Cindi.
“No, not really. I went there one time and I was hoping once I got here I might remember something.”
“Does anything look familiar?” asked Cindi.
“No.” C.J said looking around at everything again.
“It’s getting late. We need to find some sort of shelter before it gets dark,” said Cindi.
“I’m hungry,” complained Jacob.
“Me too,” said Luna and C.J.
“I know we all are. I know there is a river around here. We will find it in the morning and maybe catch some fish. Look there are some tall rocks over there. Let’s go over there and rest. We can look for some broken branches to cover us,” said Cindi. They all agreed.

**********

Chapter 12
The Hunt for Help and Troubled Times
The ground was hard but Jacob, C.J., Luna, and Cindi all managed to sleep. At the break of dawn, they were eager to continue their search even though they hadn’t had anything to eat or drink for over twenty four hours.
It was difficult to walk over the rocky terrain in their weakened state, but they knew the rest of the group was depending upon them. Excitement filled their hearts when they heard the sound of rushing water.
“Did you hear that?” asked Cindi. She pointed, “It’s coming from that direction.” Encouraged, they all picked up speed to keep up with her quicken pace.
Following the splashing sounds, they were disappointed when they realized they were at the edge of a cliff and saw the water was quite a distance away.
“There’s no way down, I’m afraid,” said Cindi saddened.
“I think we can make it,” returned Jacob encouragingly. C.J. agreed.
“I don’t,” complained Luna.
“Come on, we’ve got to try. It’s our only hope. Just follow me, and I’ll show you where to put your feet,” said Jacob. “Luna, do you still have your rope?” 
“Yes, but it’s only thirty four feet long, so it won’t go very far,” replied Luna.
“That’s good enough. I think it will take us as far as we need to go. We’ll go slow and easy,” said Jacob who was not willing to allow her to waste his time with negative comments.
“I’m right behind you, Jacob,” said C.J. “I think we can do this. We have to get to that water.”
“Okay, but please be careful,” warned Cindi.
“Tie the rope to the tree and let’s see how far it will go. Maybe we can get to a ledge,” ordered Jacob as he looked around the cliff for anything that would help them on their dangerous climb.
“I’m afraid to look down,” whined Luna. “I don’t think I can do this.”
“Yes, you can. Just believe you can because we have to get to the water. We have to do this,” insisted Jacob. He anchored the rope to a thorny bush near the edge of the cliff and pulled on it to make sure it was secure.
“Watch out for the thorns,” said Jacob as he eased himself down the rope, not knowing what he would find when he got to the end. Everyone looked on with sweaty palms and hearts pounding. If he couldn’t make it, then none of them could.
Jacob eased himself to a part of the cliff that was indented which left a platform for him to rest his feet, but there wasn’t anywhere for him to anchor the rope, so he held it securely to help steady the next climber. If he lost his footing or couldn’t hold on, it would be certain death. Rocks jutted out and he held on as tightly as he could with one hand and grasped the rope with his other one. Very carefully, he inched his feet to the left to allow C.J. or whoever was brave enough to come down and share the narrow but long ledge.
Looking down nervously Cindi asked, “Jacob, now what are you going to do? This is too dangerous; I think you should come back up.” Never in her life had she faced such a dangerous situation. Using her training as a counselor, she forced herself not to panic. Silently, she prayed for wisdom and strength as she watched Jacob. She was glad he was strong and taking the lead because she had a fear of heights and could have never been the first one down.
“It’s alright.  I can make it. We all can,” he insisted. Cindi didn’t argue as her eyes were fixed on his every move.
Luna began to panic. She had a fear of heights also, and doubted she could possibly lower herself down the steep incline.  “How can we make it, Jacob? It’s too dangerous. Please come back,” Luna begged, having no confidence that she would be able to make it down.
“Just give me a moment, and let me think,” said Jacob. He scoured the area and saw some vines and roots that were sticking out of the ground. “We can hold on to these roots and ease our way down a little bit more. We will take it little by little.”
“Are you sure those roots are strong enough?” asked Cindi.
Jacob pulled on them, and they seemed strong.
“Yes, they’re good. Trust me. We can do this. Just ease yourself down. When everyone gets to the ledge, I’ll show you what to do next. Look at me and nothing else. I won’t let anything happen to you. I promise. You can do this,” said Jacob reassuringly. “Come on down to this ledge.”
“Okay, I’ll try,” muttered C.J.  She went down with surprising ease and landed on the platform next to Jacob. “It’s not that hard, really. Come on, Luna. You can do this. I know you can.” Jacob moved over allowing room for Luna on the ledge.
“I’m afraid. I can’t.”
“Yes, you can. Trust me. C.J. and I won’t let anything happen to you. You have to try, Luna. It’s our only hope,” persuaded Jacob.
Trembling and crying, Luna lowered herself down to the ridge. The rope bit into her hands, and she didn’t know if she would be able to hold on, but she lowered herself one hand length at a time. Her foot slipped against a sharp rock, and she thought she was going to lose her grip, but she caught herself and hung on to the rope for her life. Her heart beat wildly.  Shaking and feeling light-headed, Luna finally found herself next to C.J. and Jacob. C.J. reached for her and told her where to put her feet, and hands, while Jacob kept the rope taunt. She hung on to cliff and didn’t look down. A sense of temporary relief filled her, while she looked up and anxiously watched Cindi as she started her descent.
Cindi was as scared as Luna, but she didn’t want the group to know. She held her breath the whole way and prayed as she lowered herself. Seeing everyone make it inspired her to lower herself quickly. She was both amazed and surprised that she made it to the ledge with little difficulty. Jacob said, “I wish we had more rope or had a way to get that rope down.”
“There’s no way,” said C.J. “We can’t get it down. It’s attached to the tree. We’ll just have to leave it.”
“Okay I know. I hope these branches support me,” said Jacob as he grabbed hold of them and lowered himself another body length down the cliff. His foot rested on a large rock, and then he lowered himself a little more to another rock close by. His moves were angled from the left to the right as he continued down a few more large steps before he stopped. His hands had rope burns, but he didn’t mention that to the girls. There was no way he was going to complain. “Come on guys, just do what I did.”
“Oh I can’t look. We should have never tried this,” bawled Luna. “It’s just too scary.”
“Yes, you can. Quit saying we can’t. Be positive. We can, and we will. There are people who rock climb without ropes all the time, and we can do it too,” reassured Jacob.
“Yes, but they’ve had lots of practice and experience,” babbled Luna.
“It’s really not that much farther. You’re making me angry. Come on. We can do this. There are no other choices but to continue going down, so just keep quiet and do it.  I’m tired of all your griping,” snarled Jacob unsympathetically as he eased himself down to another small ledge. “There’s another place to put your foot and give your arms a rest when you get here,” he said as he breathed deeply and continued looking for an easier way down.
Fortunately, the ledge was large enough for each of them to rest and regain their footing. “This isn’t hard. Come on C.J., you can do it. Just hold on tight, and do just what I did,” urged Jacob. “Look at the rocks, and think of them like they are rungs in a ladder. It’s not that hard,” he lied.
“Okay, I’m coming,” she said. Being on her own had made her tough, and she had the desire to survive running through her veins. She held on and lowered herself next to him. She was trembling, but she didn’t tell Luna.
“Okay Luna, if you could do that distance with the rope, you can make it with the vine to the next rock and then to the other ones. It’s not as far. Come on and try,” said C.J.
Shaking, Luna didn’t complain because she knew she was past the point of no return. She had to make it, because she couldn’t survive for long on the long skinny ledge. Lowering herself carefully, she hung on to each rock until she was next to C.J. Cindi again was the last one down.  Her legs and knees felt weak and wobbly, but there was no other option except to try and keep going down. She had a death grip on each of the rocks as she moved slowly and cautiously.
Luna looked up and saw the fear in Cindi’s face.  She began to encourage her by saying, “Don’t look down; just take it one step at a time.” Jacob and C.J. also coached her with each rock she stepped on. Seeing and hearing them cheering for her pushed Cindi forward when her foot finally touched the rocky surface which held Luna, and C.J. Seeing Cindi had made it, Jacob began lowering himself downward.
“Are there any more vines to hold to?” asked Luna as she looked down the long incline. Her encouraging words had quickly turned to despair.  “Oh no, what are we going to do? It’s still such a long way down,” she complained. She gasped as her foot slipped and sent a small avalanche of rocks downward which barely missed Jacob. Rattled, he paused when he found another place to rest his foot. He wasn’t as optimistic as he had been earlier because they still had a long ways to go.
 C.J. yelled, “Are you okay?” Jacob just nodded and didn’t say anything which made her worry. 
“I’ll take the lead, Jacob, while you rest a minute,” said C.J.
“No, I’m okay. I can make it. Just look out for Luna and Cindi,” Jacob yelled in a strong commanding voice. Determination had replaced his fear.
Cindi had dirt in her eyes, and she started blinking rapidly from the irritation. She wanted to wipe them desperately, but she didn’t have a free hand, so she willed herself to cry to flush the dirt out.  She didn’t want anyone to see her crying, and she wished she could wipe the tears away before anyone noticed them. 
The tension of the pinched muscles in her neck and shoulders ached. It was the worst pain she had ever experienced, and there was still a long way to go.  Seeing Luna stumble and nearly fall, almost made her lose her grip too, but she couldn’t focus on the mishap instead she called. “There are crevices where you can put your fingers, Luna.  Come on Luna, you can do this. You’re almost to C.J.”
“My hands are slippery,” yammered Luna.
“Don’t think about it,” yelled Jacob. “Just take it slowly. There’s another ledge not too far down.”
“I don’t think I can,” whined Luna again.
“I told you to quit being so negative. There is another ledge, and it looks like there’s maybe even a path. We’ve done the hardest part. The rest will be easy,” roared Jacob. He eased himself down to a narrow path below the girls. There was nothing to hold on to, so he leaned his body next to the rocks.  His foot slipped, and he began stumbling. He slid on his backside, but managed to stop on a slope.  Obediently, the girls followed him down to where he was. They all took a short break to regain their nerves.
The rest of the way was steep, but it was more like taking giant steps. They found themselves on dirt which was gentler to their feet, which made the last part easier. After a two and a half hour climb, they found themselves on solid ground. Gratefully, they stumbled to the edge of the river, where they cupped their hands and began lapping up the cool water.
To her delight, C.J. spotted two rafts in the distance and pointed to them. “Hurry y’all run; maybe there’s food inside,” coaxed C.J.
With hope feeding them like fuel, they hobbled as fast as their weary legs could carry them. When they arrived to the rafts, all they found was two empty canteens. A mixture of feelings ran through Cindi. She felt frustrated, relived, exhausted, and hungry. She tried her walkie-talkie again, and but she still didn’t get any reception. Not wanting her disappointment to show, Cindi managed a slight smile and said, “It’s a good sign to find these rafts. They’ve got to belong to someone, someone who can help us.” 
“I’m going to check to check this out,”” said Jacob with renewed strength and energy as he lifted his leg into one of the rafts. “We can use it to get back to our bunkhouse to get help.”

**********

Chapter 13
Jacob Gets Hurt
“Please wait, Jacob. It was so hard getting down the mountain. We all need to rest and regain our strength. We really need to stay together. Please wait,” Cindi said one more time. She knew he was stubborn and not good at taking directions. She also knew they all had to rest before taking off on another adventure, so she added, “Thanks, Jacob for getting us down off that steep cliff. I really don’t know what we would have done without you.”
Jacob took his foot out of the raft and said, “Sure, I was glad I could help.” He started pushing the raft into the water to see if it would float. With all the stress and tension he had been through, his legs wobbled and he realized Cindi was right, he did need to rest. He lifted his foot and examined his shoes. The treads had worn off. While standing on one foot, he lost his balance, slipped, and fell face first onto a sharp rock. Blood came gushing from his forehead.
All the girls rushed over to him. “Jacob, are you alright? You have to be,” said Luna and Cindi. C.J. remained calm and went over to inspect his wound.
“We need to put a compress on it,” she said, “so he won’t lose too much blood.”
“I agree,” mumbled Cindi. She couldn’t believe this is happening. They hadn’t had a chance to relax for even a few moments before another problem hit them again unexpectedly.  “Does anyone have something to tie around his head?” she asked.
“I have a bandana,” said Luna, pulling a wadded piece of blue cloth from her pocket and handing it to Cindi.
“That will work,” said Cindi. “Give it to me.” Luna dropped the bandana into her hand, and Cindi began to smooth the wrinkled cloth, so it could be wrapped around Jacob’s head. Her hands shook as she tried to tie it in place. The first time it was too loose and slipped off. “Unbelievable!” she muttered. “I just give up.”
“I heard that,” Jacob spat back.
“What are you talking about?” asked Cindi. 
Reverting back to his old nature Jacob snapped and said, “You said you just give up. Maybe we should just give up.”  He threw his hands up in the air which startled Cindi. Ranting, he continued, “Give up and do what? You know if we give up, we’re gonna die out here, don’t you? And have you forgotten about all the others that are depending on us?”
“Relax, Jacob. Calm down. I didn’t mean anything by that. I’m frustrated that so many things have gone wrong in such a short period of time. It’s just unbelievable. I didn’t think I said it loud enough for anyone to hear. Of course, we’re not going to give up. You just showed us that we can do the impossible, that we will make it. You know, I haven’t forgotten about the others. They have never left my mind for a moment. Chill, I can see you’re hurt.  I’m sorry.” She paused then began, “I know you like to be the hero and take care of people, but now you’re hurt and you can’t. I get that. Things will be alright. I’m not sure how, but I have faith they will.”
Calming down, Jacob leaned forward, put his hand on the ground, and tried to stand. As soon as he put weight on his right leg, his knees buckled, and he fell forward into the wet mud. His head was covered with the dirty goo.  He looked down and not only was his head split open, but his arm was injured as well.
 C. J. was worried. She along with Cindi and Luna pulled him back onto dry ground. They all started pouring river water on his open wound, so it wouldn’t get infected. C.J. instinctively tore off part of her shirt and wrapped his leg.  She looked around for something to put on his arm. All she could find was some paper towels in Cindi’s backpack which wasn’t much help, but she used them anyway.
“This is starting to make me mad,” Jacob said. 
“Sorry I’m just trying to help,” said C.J.
 “It just doesn’t feel right to have to have other people help me. I need to get up and be a real man,” said Jacob. Determined, again he tried to stand. His legs were weak and injured, but he didn’t know when to stop.
 “Please just sit down, Jacob. You are only making things worse,” ordered Cindi.
Luna and C.J. chimed in and also tried to get him to sit, but he was stubborn and wasn’t going to have some girls order him around. He took three small steps, and then began to fall. Cindi and Luna grabbed his arm and caught him before he fell back into the water. After they caught his fall, they both stumbled into the water and fell, but they didn’t get hurt.
C. J. sprinted over and pulled all three of them out of the water. The cuff of Jacob’s pants got caught on a stick and tore his jeans. While she was checking to see if he was alright, she noticed a new giant gash in his neck. “Look Cindi.” She pointed to his neck.
Brushing herself off with her bare hands, Luna stammered, “He should have listened.”
“Would you shut up?” returned Jacob.
C.J. intervened and asked, “Are you getting light headed or dizzy?”
“No,” he answered and asked, “Why?”
“You are losing a lot of blood. You have cuts everywhere,” informed C.J.
“We are going to have to get him some medical help,” said Cindi nervous that he might bleed to death.
“I’ll continue to compress his wound,” said C.J. as she placed her hands on the open wounds and peered around for other things to use to wrap him.
“Come on Luna, we can’t rest. We have to get him help and check on the others. I hope they didn’t venture off. I pray they stayed put like I told them to do. I know they are probably scared and worried,” said Cindi, who was probably the most scared of all.
“I’ll stay here with Jacob. Maybe whoever owns these rafts will be back, and I’ll tell them where our camp is. It’s going to be alright Cindi,” said C.J. reassuringly. “Remember if we could make it down the cliff, then we can make it through this. Jacob is tough. He’ll be alright.”
Cindi looked at Jacob. He was looking pale but managed to hold up his thumb and agree with C.J. “Go on, don’t worry about us,” he said, and then he closed his eyes.
“Hey, I’m the one who is supposed to be making you guys feel better, not the other way around,” said Cindi. She went over to look at Jacob and she put her hand on his forehead. He didn’t even flinch and managed to barely open his eyes before completely passing out.
“Seriously go on Cindi. Go back to the others. I can take care of him,” ordered C.J. “It’s okay. I know how to take care of myself.  I’ve been through a lot in my lifetime. Who knows maybe my brother or dad might show up. Just go!  I’ll take care of Jacob.”
“Is that alright with you, Jacob?” asked Cindi looking to see if he could open his eyes, or if he was conscious.
He opened his eyes, then closed them again and spoke weakly, “Yes, I think you should go on back. I’m tough. I’ll be alright.”
“Okay Luna, do you want to go with me or stay here?”
Luna didn’t like either choice. She wanted to go home but said, “I guess I’ll go with you.”
“Let’s fill the canteens. We will leave one for C.J. and Jacob, and we’ll have one for us,” said Cindi.
“I wish we could find something to eat,” said Luna.
“I’ve been so worried about Jacob, I forgot all about eating,” said Cindi.
“Just go! Don’t worry about us,” said C.J. “When he stops bleeding, I’ll find us something to eat. The blood is already starting to clot. Just go before he wakes up and wants to go with you.”
“We don’t want that,” returned Cindi. “Please try to make him take it easy and rest, will you C.J.?”
“Yes, I’ll do my best.”  She motioned with her hand for the two of them to leave and put her finger over her lips to hush them.
“Okay, we’re going. We’ll look for berries or something to eat on the way, Luna. The quicker, we get back to camp, the quicker we can come back. I have more medical supplies there.” 

**********

Chapter 14
The Bond Between Friends: Luna’s Story
Conflicted about whether to go or stay, Cindi and Luna decided to head back towards the base camp. Cindi worried if she could find her way. All the trees looked the same, but she knew some had been discretely branded with Camp Clearwater’s logo. She breathed a sigh of relief when she saw the double “C” markings because she knew they were going in the right direction. A surge of energy pushed her forward when she thought about the injured group waiting for her at their make-shift camp, and she quickened her pace. Without any complaints, Luna silently walked slightly behind her.
“I’m glad I brought my rope,” Luna said after several minutes of silence as she and Cindi walked through the woods.
“Yeah, that was great that you had it.”
Both of them were breathing hard from the exertion of the walk, so neither spoke again for a few moments. Luna wiped her forehead with the back of her hand. “Did you see the way Jacob and C.J. went down that steep cliff?”
Cindi responded. “It was pretty remarkable.” She lifted the hair from the back of her neck in a futile attempt to cool down.
“Remarkable? Remarkable doesn’t say half of it.” Luna turned to Cindi and shook her head. “C. J. looked like some spider monkey.” Cindi started giggling and Luna joined in.
“It’s funny now, but it wasn’t when it was happening. Mind you, my heart was racing,” confessed Cindi.
“I didn’t think we were going to make it there for a while,” said Luna. “My heart almost stopped beating when I slipped and the rocks nearly hit Jacob. I don’t know how I was able to hold on.”
 “Me neither.” Cindi made a frantic face as she relived the moment.
“I can’t believe Jacob got hurt.”
“Of all people, we really need him to be well and strong,” said Cindi.
“I couldn’t believe he fell and got hurt. He will be alright won’t he?” asked Luna.
“Yes, C.J. will see to it. They are both tough.”
“Not like me, although I do have a tough life,” said Luna.
Cindi squinted her eyes questionably at Luna but said nothing. “Oh my gosh! I’m so hungry!” Luna complained.
“Me too,” Cindi blurted. “I wish we could find something to eat.” She looked around at the fir and pine trees and scoured the mossy, overgrown roots.
Out of the blue Luna said, “One of my friends went to Disney Land, and they ate chocolate-covered crickets. Maybe we can find some crickets to eat, even though we don’t have any chocolate to pour over them.”
“That would be gross and nasty, but we have to do what we have to do. Shhhh... We need to be quiet so we can listen for them.”
“We don’t really need to be quiet until we find them; we just need to look. They hide during the day under some sort of stuff with shadows,” Luna explained. Cindi and Luna began overturning every nearby rock, broken tree branches, and foliage until they found a small group of crickets. They both tried to nab them before they jumped away.
When Cindi and Luna caught some, they could feel the crickets squirming around trying to escape their grasped hands. “Are you sure you want to do this?”
“Yes, I’m hungry and people on Survivor and other reality shows eat them, and it never seemed to bother them.”
“We should eat them at the same time,” Cindi suggested. “Here we go,” Luna sighed. The both swallowed and gulped them down. They could feel the legs tickle the inside of their throats.
“Yuck, that was gross,” said Cindi.
“Yes, it was nasty, but maybe it will put something inside our stomachs. Where’s the water? I need some quickly,” demanded Luna.
“Here you go, but save some for me too. I’ve got to get this disgusting taste out of my mouth too. Do you feel like trying to eat any more?” asked Cindi.
“No,” said Luna with no hesitation.
“Me neither, I’m full,” laughed Cindi. “I can’t believe people actually pay money to eat those. I’m sure the ones at Disney Land taste nothing like what we just ate.”
“Yeah, I guess we should keep looking for something else. How much longer ‘til we get back to the camp?” asked Luna.
“Oh a few hours if we walk fast. I really hope I’m going in the right direction. I usually have a good sense of direction, but I’ve been totally turned around which isn’t like me. I don’t understand where I took a wrong turn. These past few days have turned out to pretty much be a disaster. I’ve completely lost track of time. I don’t even know what day it is; do you?”
“No, I can’t remember.” She tried to think about the days that had passed but everything started running together. I can’t think about it anymore. Have the groups you’ve had in the past been so much trouble?”
“No, nothing like this year, but there have been so many changes. Katherine, the owner, couldn’t keep the camp up and running and she didn’t want to lose it, so she applied for some government grants, and that changed everything. This is the first year we have had court-ordered kids come, and I can tell things will be getting harder. This will probably be my last year as a counselor. It is more than what I signed up for.”
“Why did you become a counselor?” asked Luna.
“Because I needed to figure out how to solve my own problems, and I wanted to help kids solve theirs. I had a pretty rough home growing up. My dad was very strict, and he had a bad temper. My mom never stood up to him. I used to hide under my bed to keep from being beat. He had real anger issues.”
“Sort of like Jacob?” asked Luna.
“Yes, but worse.”
“What did you do?”
“I tried to stay clear of him and not make him mad. I left the first chance I had and went to camp here. It was life changing for me. I loved it, and it was one of the best experiences of my life; that’s why I’ve been coming back ever since. Enough about me, what’s your family like? Do you feel like talking? If you don’t, that’s okay, we can just walk. I’m perfectly fine with the quiet.”
 “No, that’s okay. I don’t mind talking about my family although my life story isn’t very good.” Luna said.
“You don’t have to talk about it if you don’t want to,” Cindi repeated.
Luna walked and kept quiet, and then she began to open up. “I know, but I need to talk with someone. I think you will understand.”
“Thanks for trusting me.”
“I guess I will start from the beginning. I was about six when my parents got divorced.  No one in my family really gets along. There is a lot of fighting and arguing. I don’t think anyone in my family likes each other which makes me think I need a boyfriend to make me feel better about myself and to give me someone to talk to,” said Luna. This was actually the first time she had this thought and had never said that to anyone before. The revelation surprised even her.
“You are a good person, Luna. You have good qualities. You are great at organizing and being prepared, and I think you’re really a sweet girl,” said Cindi.
“Thanks,” blushed Luna who wasn’t used to hearing good things said about her.
“My family makes me feel bad about myself most of the time; actually most of my boyfriends don’t treat me good either. I guess you might say, I have low self esteem,” confessed Luna.
“Well you should think higher of yourself. You’re pretty and nice.”
“Do you really think so?” asked Luna. She kept staring down as they walked and avoided making eye contact. It was easier for her to share if she didn’t have to look Cindi in the eyes. She wondered if Cindi really did think she was pretty and nice and all the other things she said about her were true or if she was just playing the counselor game. She waited for Cindi to answer.
“Yes, I do, Luna. You have many good qualities, and you shouldn’t be with a boy who treats you badly. You deserve better. Don’t settle; somebody nice will come along just wait and see.”
“I hope so. I get in relationships because I don’t want to be alone, and I need someone to talk to outside my house. I don’t really get along with most girls. I tend to mostly be friends with boys. I’m not really sure why.”
“I understand. That’s really not that unusual but trust me, it will happen. One day you will find someone who will treat you right and care about you. You have to hang out with the right people though. If you only hang out with people who disrespect you, then you’ll never find Mr. Right.” Cindi gave her a hug and they continued walking.
“Thanks, Cindi for talking to me.”
“You’re welcome, any time.”
“Does this still look right?” asked Luna.
“I believe so; I don’t think it will be much longer. I hope everyone at the camp is doing alright and that we make it back before it gets dark.”
“Cindi…will you do me a favor?”
“Yes, I’ll try. What is it?”
“Do you promise not to tell?” asked Luna.
“You mean about your family?”
“No, about us eating crickets.”
Cindi nodded and chuckled as they continued looking for markers.

**********

Chapter 15
Awaken
As the sun was beating down, Sarah Beth felt flies circle her head. This irritated her, but the throbbing pain in her leg was too much for her to handle. She closed her eyes and wished she could go to sleep. When Charlie saw her eyes close, he thought she had gone into a coma and became hysterical.
“Wake up, Sarah Beth,” Charlie screamed as he shook her. “Somebody help me. I think she is in a coma or maybe …dead. She’s not responding.” He looked around for someone to come, but no one was around.  “I love you,” he exclaimed as he pulled the blanket up to Sarah Beth’s neck. Her eyes opened, she smiled, yawned, and then fell back with her eyes closed.
Charlie didn’t know if she was faking it or really passed out. He was panicked and not up to any cruel games. He leaned down to check her breathing. This time her eyes didn’t open. Her breathing was shallow, and he felt there was truly a need for alarm.
Darkness surrounded Sarah Beth, and she made no response to Charlie. He continued to talk to her with her head in his arms.  Out of character, he leaned over and started stroking her hair with the gentleness a mother would use towards her newborn baby. “Come on Sarah Beth, don’t leave me. Just wake up.” Again, he put his ear next to her mouth to check to see if she was breathing and looked around.
With eyes slightly opened, she mumbled something and saw Charlie next to her, but then in a flash he disappeared.  In her unconscious state, she felt herself falling to the ground; nothing felt right. It seemed that everything was circling around her like she was in a dark hole that sucked her under. Then she lost all memories of her dream.
After a while, she woke up and yawned, not remembering anything. She looked around and saw a strange boy sitting near her. Startled, she leaned forward and looked down at her leg. Was that blood? Do legs bend that way? She didn’t think they did, not normally anyway. It seemed like all her memories were hiding under a fog. She didn’t understand what had happened to her or where she was.
“Um excuse me, who are you?” Sarah Beth asked the boy.  Wide eyed, he took her hand, but Sarah Beth pulled away.
“Sarah Beth, I’m Charlie,” He argued.
She shook her head. “My leg hurts, but I don’t remember falling,” she murmured. “Who’s Sarah Beth?” she asked tilting her head. She wondered and looked down at her leg which was oozing blood and twisted in the wrong direction.
“Why is my leg broken?” she asked confused. Charlie looked around; he narrowed in at her, this better not be a joke. He studied her eyes to see if she was being sincere or if there was mischief inside her. She had a lost look which prompted him to continue.
“My name is Charlie. Your name is Sarah, Sarah Beth. You tripped and broke your leg,” he answered slowly. His words sunk in but then seemed to bounce right off.
“Sarah…Beth?” she mumbled, it didn’t seem to stick with her, or ring a bell.
“Beth,” she said. “It sounds correct; that’s right; that’s my name!  My name is Beth,” she said smiling.  Charlie eyed her. She looked around at her surroundings. She was on the ground, under a tent. Nothing seemed familiar.
“Where am I?” she asked. Charlie looked around.
“We’re at the camp ground,” he said. She looked up trying to remember.
 “When did I go to camp? I remember a little. I was dropped off by my mother,” she breathed and paused. “Charlie…” she said. The name stuck.
Sarah Beth attacked him with a hug. She remembered who she was and that Charlie was always there for her; then she managed to smile. 
Jorgina crawled over and looked at her. “Wow Sarah Beth, you were really tripping, but I guess you’re okay now. Welcome back.”
“What’s up?” Charlie asked. “You had me scared there for a while.”
“I had a dream,” Sarah Beth whimpered, then broke out into giggles. Charlie stared at her like she was crazy. He took a rag and placed it on her head.
“You’re insane, the pain has gotten to you,” he said. Sarah Beth peered at him, snatched the rag off, and threw it down.
“No, when I was dreaming I saw myself in a hospital. No one I cared about was near me. I should have known, my mom wouldn’t smile at me, and my father who has been M.I.A for two years wouldn’t come back to me. I touched my head, but something about it seemed to feel real. I looked around, and it felt like I wasn’t alone any more. That’s when I saw you, Charlie. You were asleep near me. I poked you, and you woke up. I know this is confusing, but I’m not crazy. For once, I’m happy,” she smiled.
 Charlie looked at her, clearly thinking she had lost it. She signaled him to come closer.  He leaned in, and she attacked him with a hug. He fell backwards, scared. She smiled again at him.
“I’m sorry for the jerk I’ve been,” she announced and limply stuck out her hand. Charlie slowly moved to take it.
“Friends?” Sarah Beth asked. He took her hand and shook it.
“Friends,” he agreed as he smiled back.
She wondered if this was real or if she was having a dream. She felt his hand touch hers, and she knew for once, her dream had awoken her. She slowly fell back onto the ground. The cold felt good against her back. Her leg was still hurting, but yet she felt unusually calm and peaceful because she knew she was with someone who truly cared about her. She and Charlie just smiled at each other like two dorks, but then a real dork arrived...Eugene and the spell was broken.
He peeked in to look in on her and then quickly popped back out. “Maria, I think you need to go look for some water. You know people can live three weeks with no food but only three days with no water,” Eugene yelled in his overly loud voice.
“Let Charlie go,” shouted Maria.
“No, I’m not leaving her. Sarah Beth needs me.”
“It’s weird, I know, but yes, I do need him,” muttered Sarah Beth. “Obviously Jorgina can’t go because she can hardly walk, and Cody looks like he can hardly move. You’ll have to go, Eugene.”
“No, I think it would be better if I went looking for herbs and plants to treat everyone’s wounds, and let Maria go looking for water and food.” Eugene explained.
Maria protested, but then conceded.  “Ok, fine, I’ll go.”

**********

Chapter 16
Maria and Jack
Shaking her head back and forth, Maria couldn’t believe she had been left with the group at base camp. She started thinking about it and shuddered at the thought. No matter how she tried, she couldn’t make words come out; it was almost like she’d become mute.
“Maria!” Sarah Beth moaned from the tent.
Maria tried to move and go over to her but to no avail. “Maria Marks!” Charlie urged, leaving Sarah Beth and stepping outside the tent. He stood face to face with her. “Stop being useless!” he yelled and grabbed her hand from her basket ball shorts. He began to pull, and almost dragged her over to Sarah Beth. “She wants water! So please go get her water!” He demanded, releasing her wrist.
“Why don’t you go?” she mumbled so quietly she didn’t think he could hear.
“She… She needs me!” He replied blushing.
Maria heard Sarah Beth scoff quietly. She looked around to see what the others were doing.
Cody was sitting in the grass in front of his tent, unmoved, and Jorgina was sitting under the tree she’d climbed earlier for protection. Everything was dead silent, except the occasional gust of wind ruffling the trees. The place looked like the set of a zombie movie, but then the mood changed when Eugene started walking towards her.
“Maria, we should go find supplies.” he said appearing from his tent, sounding less confident without his suspenders. “You should go find food and water. I’ll do what I can to find some herbs,” Eugene finished and then pushed up his glassed.
Charlie seemed to get very angry. “Ugh! I don’t care who goes for what. Just go!” He grunted, and pushed Maria away from the tent.
“Will you be okay alone?” Eugene asked.
“Okay?” Maria mumbled. “Okay? I’ve been alone for the better part of seven years, and you’re asking if I’ll be okay alone? Yes, I’ll be dandy. I’m fine alone!” Something inside snapped; the word alone rang in her ears and made her furious. It was like any and all anger or resentment she had bottled up inside had exploded.
She stomped off into the wilderness. Alone. Almost missing Eugene’s freaked out look.
“Stupid Charlie, acting all bi-polar! One minute he was all crying for his mommy and the next, he’s pushing me around like Sarah Beth!” Maria muttered.
She had been walking for no more than five minutes when Eugene came tumbling, out of the bushes, breathless. “Here! When you find food or water put them in this.” he panted, handing her two over-sized chili cans.
“Okay,” she said, her anger beginning to fade into cold-blooded fear, once Eugene left. She awkwardly ran away and finally realized, she was truly alone.
Tears began welling up in her eyes, “No tears, I’m not going to cry,” she reassured herself.
She leaned against a nearby, large oak tree and looked for anything to eat. Finding a few mushrooms hiding amongst the grass, she almost picked them until the thought of what the others would do to her if she poisoned them on top of everything else. To her left, it looked more like a thick, wooded area. To her right, she could smell water, probably a river or something nearby; but in front of her, it became rocky and then fell stumbling down about fifteen feet. Her eyes lit up when she saw a rushing river.
“Water,” she bellowed.
She walked forward twelve steps or so before she finally looked down. It wasn’t fifteen feet; probably closer to thirty… but what’s the difference?
She began descending from the safety of the treed area, down to nothing but rocks. Her right hand and both legs slid off the rocks. She fell eight feet, and hit the ground. One blink later, she was on her bottom in wet, soggy, hard mossy rocks.
“Ow… I think I broke my bottom,” she said, shakily standing up, and then she started giggling, thinking about how Eugene would correct her and how you can’t break your rear.
She looked left; nothing but rocks for miles. The right was no better, just trees and forest. But just across the stream on the left were rocks and a little patch of bushes and trees. She walked to the stream.  It was crystal clear, a beautiful pristine water source.
As she was bending down to put some water in the chili can she heard, “Hiss! Rattle! Rattle!” An angry snake began shaking its tail rapidly.
“Eek!” she gasped throwing herself back.
The snake and she sat, eyes locked onto one another.
Slowly she stood up, and began to back up. She was thirty five yards at least when she urged herself to cross the stream, forgetting about the two cans which quickly floated downstream.
The large, chipped, broken, and slippery rocks made bad terrain, especially in unpadded old tennis shoes. As she tip-toed across, she could tell she was getting closer to the bushes, and there was something bright in the distance.
“It isn’t a mirage, right? Those only happen in deserts… Right?” she asked hoping for an answer. PLOP! Her shoes got caught on a sharp rock and tripped her almost immediately.
“I am so getting tired of the wilderness,” she grumbled, pulling her shoes back on. She began to get up, but in her squatting position through the brush she saw a flicker. No way, she thought.
Cautious, she got up and she stepped off the last of the rocks onto dry ground, walked a ways, and then began to crawl through an opening in the bushes to where the light was. She worried it would disappear if she stood up. She was hoping, praying that someone was there and that they had something that could help her.
She blinked and ended up getting a face full of bushes and berries. Her back and face hurt so she decided to stand up, and ignored her pain.
“Um… Wow,” she gasped.
Almost like looking through a keyhole, she saw a cabin standing tall hiding behind the brush. It was rustic but pretty well maintained she thought. Not afraid, she stepped up to the handcrafted, wooded door and beat on it. No answer.
“Maybe,” she mumbled, turning the knob to no avail. “Well in my day, this was what made me famous,” she said, pulling her long blond hair out of the messy ponytail, and taking the two bobby pins out. She sloppily braided her hair to the right side, in front of her shoulder.
Hope I remember how to do this, she thought. Jabbing the bobby pin in the key hole, she turned the bronze knob to her right. The door immediately swung open. She flew in just as fast and quietly. Quickly, she began rummaging through the house, ignoring the fact someone might be there. She went into a kitchen, and saw a sink, toaster, oven, microwave, and fridge.
“Yes! technology,” she laughed. But before she could get anything, a deep booming voice yelled across the cabin, “Who goes there? For your sake, I hope you’re not a bear!”
“I’m a camper!” she made herself reply.
“Hmm?”
“From Camp Clearwater.” 
“Oh?” The man’s voice was now softer as he walked into the kitchen. “Wow what happened to you? You look terrible!” he asked shocked.
“Thanks,” she said sarcastically.
He shrugged unapologetically.  “Your name?”
“Maria, may I ask who you are?”
“No, but I’ll tell you anyway. I’m Jack,” he declared taking off his hat. He was tall with brown hair, and a beard which was noticeably graying.
“Tell me what happened,” he asked looking at her unusual appearance.
She did so, not missing a single detail… about what happened to Sarah Beth and the others. She even told about Luna’s accident.
“Take me to them,” he said, putting granola bars and water bottles in his backpack. Then he disappeared and reappeared asking her to lead the way.
“Do you have the time?” she asked, as he locked the cabin door and handed back her bobby pin.  She quickly put it on a falling piece of hair.
“Four maybe 4:30,” he replied.
“How can you tell?” she mumbled.
“The sun is lower in the sky, and it usually sets around 6:15. 
She stared at him and studied his rugged appearance and began wondering if she’d found a psycho. Fear overtook her. “I can’t go back with you. Do you have a phone?”
“Yes, most days it works, but only in certain locations. You need to go out on that rock, and you should be able to get a signal. Who do you want to call?” he asked.
“I want to call me mother and get her to call 911, so we can get help. I’ve been through so much. I just want to go home.” Maria said.
“It would be hard for a rescue squad to find this place because it’s so remote,” he said.
“Jack, can I please use your phone? I’d really like to call my mother,” she urged.
“Yes, go where I showed you and see if you are lucky enough to get a signal,” he said as he handed her his phone.
Shaking, she held the phone to her ear and listened for a dial tone. Joy jumped inside of her as she heard it. She began calling home. The phone at her home rang, but no one answered. She waited for the part of the message that said, “You may leave a number, and we will call you back.” After that part, she said frantically, “Mom, this is Maria, please come get me,” before she could say any more the phone went dead. “I need to try it again,” she said.  Again, she tried but to no avail. “I don’t want to go back with you. I’m not going back to the bunkhouse and no one can make me. Will you draw me a map of how to get back to the main entrance of Camp CLearwater?” Maria asked.
“Yes, I can do that, but don’t you think the others will worry about you? It’s getting late,” he responded.
“Yes, they might worry, but I don’t care. I just want to get out of this place.
Do you have any paper? I could write them a note,” she said.
“Yes, but don’t you think it would be better for you to come back with me? How will I find the others?” Jack asked.
“Just follow my trail,” she said. I deliberately bent and broke sticks so I could find my way back. You know sort of like Hansel and Gretel. It will be easy to find them. I’m not worried about them. I’m worried about myself. I have to think about myself because this camp just hasn’t worked out for me and I can’t take another day. Besides none of them were very nice to me.”
“Ok I’ll draw you a map. Climb up to that rock and you will be able to see where you are going. You are really not that far away from the main bunkhouses.”
She did as he said. He gave her a compass. “Just go south, and you should find your way. Please go write that note we talked about before you leave. It’s not right for everyone to worry. They don’t know me, and they might think I did something to harm you,” he persuaded.
“Okay I will,” she said just counting the seconds until she could leave.
She wrote: 

Guys,
I’m sorry for leaving everyone like this. I know you might not forgive me, but I couldn’t take this place anymore! I met this mountain man named Jack. He will help get back to the bunkhouse. I will be gone by the time you get there. 
Sorry,
Maria

She folded up the paper and put it in Jack’s hand. “Give this to the counselor. Her name is Cindi. I don’t know if she’ll be there or not because she left for help and hadn’t returned when I left. There’s a real pretty girl there named Jorgina, and her friend Sarah Beth. There are others too: Cody, Eugene, and Charlie.”
He had her write all the names down, so he wouldn’t forget them. She thanked him for his help and headed off in the direction of the bunkhouse.
She turned around and noticed how old and worn his clothes were, the faded, stained, jean jacket, worn old denim jeans, plain brown work boots and hand-me-down work gloves.
“I hope I never see any one from Camp Clearwater ever again,” she said and turned away. Jack had a four-wheeler. He got on it and slowly made his way along the path she had made. He encountered difficulty because the wilderness was too thick for him to use his four-wheeler, so he rode it back to his cabin and then started back along the path on foot. He hadn’t gone too far, before he got up on a tall rock and looked for Maria. With his binoculars, he searched and found her heading in the right direction. “She should be there in about two hours,” he said in a low tone.  Next, he started looking for a clearing and the base camp. With his compass, medical supplies, food, and water, and started heading towards it using a short cut instead of Maria’s original route.

**********

Chapter 17
Eugene: In Charge 
Eugene felt a wave of superiority telling him that he should be in charge of his fellow campers during Cindi’s absence.  After all, he was the smartest one there. He knew it was a big job, but he felt up for the task. Obviously, he was the only one able to do anything after Maria went searching for food and water. For sure, Charlie wasn’t going to take any leadership roles because he was too focused on Sarah Beth. Cody and Jorgina were injured, so they wouldn’t be able to take charge either.
Eugene felt a rumble in his stomach. It had been how long since they had eaten? They had been on their own for what seemed like days. Another rumble, like an angry animal demanding attention, spurred him to action. He had to try to find some kind of food and maybe some herbs too. He couldn’t wait any longer for Maria to come back, so he grabbed the plastic bag that some of their supplies had been in and decided it was up to him to find herbs he could use as medicine and something to eat.  He had watched an educational show on herb remedies before he left for the camp which he thought was a sign he would find something to help those that were injured. First, he checked around the perimeters of the base camp hoping to find something useful, but there wasn’t anything.
After he had gone a short distance, he looked closely for anything useful.  “All I see are woods,” he muttered to himself, but then something unique caught his eye which wrapped around a tree. There were vines with clusters of three leaves and little yellow flowers. Studying it closer, he decided it was poison ivy because of the leaf formations.
He felt he had a duty to protect his camp mates from harm as well as find food and medicine for them. He would be sure to tell them about the poison ivy, so none of them would get into it. He was making mental notes to tell them about how the skin turns red, and forms blisters and rashes once a person is exposed to it. Glad he had read up on it, he felt sure everyone would be interested in the lecture he was planning.
On the ground close by the tree, he spotted some mustard greens. He knew they grew wild because his grandmother had some in her garden. With certainty, he was sure he had identified the plant correctly.
As he leaned over to pick the wild greens, he got on one knee and didn’t notice the poison ivy vine extended from the tree to the ground. He had poison ivy all over his knees and legs. Without thinking, he felt an itch and accidently scratched his knee, and then his arms, ears, and neck. As soon as he had given in to the desire to scratch, he felt like a fool because he knew better than to do that. He wondered how long it would take for the swelling to begin.
Hurriedly, he put the mustard greens in his bag and started to walk back. Fortunately, he saw an aloe plant. What luck he thought. I can use it to heal my poison ivy. Also close by was a wild tall plant that had yellow and orange flowers. He had read somewhere that the wild plant was called jewel weed and that Native Americans mixed it with aloe stems to help soothe rashes. He pulled the yellow and orange flowers carefully so he could use the sticky fluid inside them as an ointment. Using a sharp stick, he cut open the stem to retrieve the liquid and then smeared it on the places where the poison ivy had been. He began to feel better and looked at all the aloe stems, wild mustard greens, and jewel plants. They were all great finds he thought.  He found other useful herbs nearby and thought the area might be some sort of herb sanctuary because there were so many different varieties close together.
Content with his discoveries, he decided he should head back because he was anxious to start working on the herb medicines.  He had saved and washed out a tin can that would be the perfect mixing bowl for the herbs. There was no time to waste because Sarah Beth looked completely out of it and needed medical attention.
First, he stored the mustard greens in the empty plastic bag he had brought. It looked like he had enough to make a meal for everyone and luckily, he knew where he could find more. Wild greens might not be everyone’s favorite food, but if they were hungry enough, the greens would taste good. He wished he could find some more herbs to season them. Maybe I look again later, he thought. He had more important things to do, like mixing the herbs, so he happily got busy and hurried back to the base camp. He was a little disappointed no one greeted him when he returned, but he knew they couldn’t know what time he would return, so he let it go.
He laid out all of his finds admiringly and looked like a chef as he methodically blended the ingredients. After he was satisfied with his home remedy, he walked over to Sarah Beth’s tent, placed the tin can on the ground, went inside, and tried to wake her up, but she wouldn’t open her eyes. Charlie kept saying, “Come on Sarah Beth, wake up!!”  He didn’t want Eugene around, so he started yelling for him to leave.  Eugene thought Charlie was not acting in Sarah Beth’s best interest, but he left anyway and went over to Jorjina who was sitting near the unlit fire pit. 
“How are your feet feeling?” Eugene asked her.
“They hurt; it feels like I have a thousand pieces of broken glass stuck in them.”
Eugene proudly told her about the herbs he found and that he thought the aloe stems would help relieve some of her pain. Even though Jorgina didn’t seem too grateful at first, and rolled her eyes when he was explaining things, he was still glad to be able to help her.
The herbs might help Cody too, Eugene thought, so he called for him to come over by Jorgina, but when he started telling Cody about all his great finds, Cody started mimicking him and said in a loud voice, “So Dr. Know-It-All what makes you think you know everything about medicine? You really are a nerd loser.”
Hurt, Eugene didn’t respond. He completely ignored Cody because he had too much to do;  he reasoned that Cody was jealous of him because he wasn’t as smart as he was and he also knew Cody was only into himself. He had never seen Cody help anyone. The thing Cody was good at doing was putting others down and trying to make fun of as many people as he could, but Eugene couldn’t allow himself to focus on Cody’s rude comments.
Still excited by his find, Eugene remembered the last herbs he found and told Jorgina how he had also stumbled upon cloves which he remembered helped tooth aches. He stuck his hand in his pocket and pulled some out and handed them to her. She readily accepted them because she had a nasty taste in her mouth since she hadn’t been able to brush her teeth for days. Jorgina started thinking about her mom and how she would have had a stroke if she could see or smell her now.
More good smells came out of Eugene’s bag. He pulled out some nutmeg leaves which he thought might help with indigestion and fight bacteria. Nervously, he fumbled around and began spreading some of his medicines on Jorgina’s feet. She thanked him. He offered some to Cody. Not impressed by Eugene’s knowledge, Cody refused even though his body was covered with scratches and sores.
Afterwards, Eugene walked back to Sarah Beth, but Charlie was still mad at him for no reason.  “Can I try to help her?” he asked Charlie.
Charlie started acting strange and said, “Okay but if you hurt her, I’ll hurt you.”
What a weirdo! Since when did Charlie get so tough? Eugene thought, but he knew he had to put his thoughts away and help Sarah Beth; after all, he was in charge.
He gave Jorgina and Sarah Beth some yarrow plant he found but Jorgina started screeching in pain. “I’m sorry; hold on!  I’m going as fast as I can,” Eugene apologized. He finally finished mixing more medicine and began doctoring Sarah Beth and  reapplied the new medicine on Jorgina’s feet.
By watching television shows and reading medical books for fun, he did what he thought would help and began smearing the mixture all over Jorgina’s feet again. She began to feel better and thanked him.
He responded, “Anytime but the pain will still be there. It will take several days before it heals. Be careful not to stand up, or you will be sore.”
She nodded and replied, “Eugene, I hear something; go check it out!”
Eugene stopped talking and began listening. Coming straight toward their camp was a strange-looking man.
Sarah Beth was frightened, and she asked Charlie to hold her. He put his arm around her shoulder and beamed with excitement that he had the honor of protecting her.
The man rubbed his short but thick beard as he approached the clearing and paused when he saw a worried-looking boy.
“Uhh, who are you?” asked Eugene, shocked by the stranger who was walking towards him.
The bearded stranger looked like a lumberjack or a mountain man. He extended his right hand but Eugene didn’t reciprocate. He stood with his feet spread wide and his hands gripped as if he was ready to make a fist if the stranger wanted trouble.
In a gruff voice the stranger said, “My name is Jack. A girl named Maria found me and told me that several of you were hurt and needed food, water, and medicine. He dropped the backpack he had been carrying, opened it up, and began distributing water and granola bars.
Cautious and not willing to be bribed by a total stranger Eugene asked, “Where’s Maria?” 
“She went back to the bunkhouse,” said Jack.
“How did she get there?” asked Jorgina.
“I drew her map and gave her a compass. She should be there by now. She called her mother before she left, but she didn’t get an answer, so she left a message. She told me she was going home and not coming back.”
“Whoa, that stinks. How did she call? I didn’t think there was any phone service out here?” asked Eugene.
“It’s very hard and not dependable, but sometimes you can get a signal if you know the right spot,” said the man. Fumbling in his pocket, he pulled out a folded note.  “She wrote a note to give to you guys. Is the counselor, Cindi here?” Jack asked. 
“No, she hasn’t made it back yet. Just give it to me. I’m in charge,” said Eugene. He read it aloud, and they all sat there speechless.
“Well you kids have been through a lot. Do you remember which way your counselor went?” Jack asked. 
“Over there,” Eugene said getting all anxious. Cody crawled out of his tent and seemed disturbed that no one was paying him any attention.
“What’s going on?” he asked.
“We have someone who is going to help us find Cindi, and the others,” Eugene said. Before the group had a chance to say anything else, Eugene saw Cindi and Luna approaching their campsite. Everyone started yelling excitedly as they watched the girls stumble towards the base camp. Eugene ran towards them with his arms outstretched and gave Cindi a huge bear hug. Excited, he began telling them everything that had happened while they were gone.

**********

Chapter 18
The Disagreement
“Shut up, Eugene,” yelled Cody. “You always think you know everything and that you are always the hero. Yes, it’s true Sarah Beth is still badly injured.  It was my idea for Eugene to go looking for herbs,” Cody lied with his voice crackling as he ran his fingers over his fragile skin.
“That’s not true. I was already on my way, before you even got out of the tent,” said Eugene.  
Determined to be heard, Cody continued, “Maria went looking for food and water.  Charlie was walking around crying. Maria found this man, but then she just deserted us and went back to the main camp.”
“What?  Maria is gone?” asked Cindi startled.
Jack told her the story and tried to assure her that Maria would be alright.
“I hope and pray she makes it back safely. It is totally against camp policy to leave a camper alone. Oh dear, I hope she is alright. Is there a way we can find out if she made it back?” asked Cindi frantically.
“She wasn’t that far away. I drew her map and gave her a compass. She will be alright.  I think she should have gotten back to the main entrance of the camp before dark,” assured Jack. “She called her mother, but her mother didn’t answer, so she left a message asking her to pick her up at the camp.”
“How did she get through? There isn’t any phone service out here,” said Cindi.
“I’ve rigged some lines, and occasionally I can get through,” said Jack.
“Can you call for help? Can I borrow your phone? I need to call the camp headquarters and ask for backup,” pleaded Cindi urgently.
“You won’t get any service here,” said Jack.
“Can I at least try?”
He handed Cindi his phone, and she begin trying to call, but she couldn’t get a signal. Looking around at everyone, Cindi asked, “Is everyone else alright?” She was distraught with worry.
“Yes, I took care of everyone,” said Cody. 
“Whatever,” said Charlie. “I took care of Sarah Beth.”
Cody continued, “I crawled over to Jorgina, and I said, ‘hi’ and she mumbled that her feet were bleeding. Then she asked me how I was doing. Her eyes were gleaming with tears. I said, ‘Don’t cry’ and grabbed her hand. Then I said, ‘We will do this together.”
Eugene shook his head. “Cody, you weren’t helping anyone. You were in the tent just moaning and complaining but not wanting to take any of my help.  I am the one who helped. I got all the herbs, and realized that her feet were swelling and bleeding. And I am the one who brought her some medicine and helped doctor her.”
“Yeah his hair was wild, and he ran over to us. He popped out an herb from his pocket, and told he told me to crush it and then apply it to her feet,” argued Cody pretending to be the hero.
“You are such a liar,” said Eugene. “I did all the doctoring. You didn’t do anything.” 
“Eugene is right,” said Jorgina. “He went into the wilderness and found all sorts of herbs and then went to Sarah Beth and started putting something on her leg. She started crying, but Charlie kept on rubbing the stuff on her feet and legs and it made her feel better.”
Cody boasted, “I also helped her. I gave her a big hug and she stopped crying.”
“What planet are you from, Cody? You didn’t help anyone,” denied Charlie. “Sarah Beth, tell Cindi what really happened.”
Sarah Beth said, “I’m sorry Charlie, I was so out of it, I’m not sure myself. I do remember you and Cody though both being there.”
“See I told you,” said Cody.
“You might have been there for a few seconds, but not long,” said Charlie.
“See, you just admitted I was there and helped her,” grinned Cody.
Eugene said, ‘”I went looking for different types of herbal medicines, and then I went over to Sarah Beth, and Charlie was right there by her. They were hugging.”
“Really?” said Cindi startled by the turn in events.
“Yes,” said Eugene as everyone nodded in agreement. He continued, “So I went over to Sarah Beth and asked her how she was doing, and she looked at me and smiled and gave me a big hug.”
Cody said, “She gave me a bigger hug, and I looked at Charlie and said, ‘I’ve got to talk to you’ and we went away, and then I asked Charlie what happened to Sarah Beth.” Cody continued his banter about all the things he had done in Cindi’s absence while Jack looked at the dysfunctional group of kids.
Charlie interrupted Cody and told Cindi and Luna about Sarah Beth losing consciousness and then waking up.
Cody said, “Yeah, yeah, everyone here was a big hero while you were gone.” Cindi listened encouraged by everything that had happened while she was away but then she thought back to Jacob, C.J., and Maria.
Everyone hugged Luna and it was like a family reunion after the arguing stopped. Jack and Cindi stepped away from the group and began talking privately while the others exchanged stories with Luna.  She told them everything that had happened to C.J., Jacob, Cindi, and her.

**********

Chapter 19
Back at the River
“Are you alright?” C. J. asked Jacob. 
“My arm is broken or fractured!” he reported. He had the river to calm him and was grateful to be near it, but he was still angry with himself for getting hurt. He didn’t like being injured and feeling helpless.
 “I’m glad Cindi and Luna left. Do you think they have made it back to the base camp?” asked C.J. noticing that Jacob was getting edgy.
“I don’t know. I hope so,” replied Jacob. “I have an idea. C.J., I think we should try to use that raft to float down the river and get back to camp.”
“What about your arm?” asked C. J. thinking his idea was a terrible one.
 “I’ve still got two good legs and one good arm. Three out of four isn’t bad,” said Jacob.
“What about your head?” C.J. asked worried. He had lost quite a lot of blood. It  had stopped bleeding, but Jacob looked pale, and the wounds were still fresh.
“It’s feeling better,” said Jacob.
“They haven’t been gone that long. They will be back, and someone might come looking for us.” C. J. said.
“It doesn’t matter. We need to leave before it gets dark. I can’t stand just staying here and doing nothing,” grumbled Jacob. Using all his strength, he pulled himself up and hobbled towards the water, grabbed the rope which was tied to a pole in the water, and strapped it around his wrist.  Then he began pulling the raft towards him. “Come on, C.J. get in. We have to try to make it back to the main camp. Start paddling.” 
Against her better judgment, she got in. Just then rushing white foamy water slapped Jacob  in the face as the rapids crept towards the raft. Like the hand of an enemy, the blunt force of the wave cast him overboard and dunked him. C. J. was holding a paddle trying to hold on to the raft before it got loose in the rapids. She screamed when she saw Jacob go under. She saw his hand bobbing up. Rapids were pulling at her with brute force, but with sheer determination, she paddled over to Jacob and reached over and grabbed his hand. She yanked him up and then the rapids started pulling them both downstream. She tumbled overboard, but fortunately tried to grab the raft hoping to sling him in, but his hand slipped out of her grip.
“Jacob!” C. J. screamed louder as she searched the waters.  She allowed herself to float forward, as she looked for him. The rapids quickly picked up speed, and she felt herself going too fast. Determined, she exerted all her strength and tried to stop herself by grabbing hold of a nearby branch alongside the river.
“Jacob?” Again, she scoured the water and she saw his hand bobbing up and down, and then disappearing. Her hand slipped off the branch and she swam upstream and grabbed Jacob’s hand. With all her might, she yanked him to the surface. Pulling him with one arm, she used her free arm to swim towards the raft which got hung up on a limb before it got away. 
Using all her strength, she lunged forward and grabbed hold of a rope on the end of the raft. The two of them were being tugged through the water like a train. Finally the waters calmed down, and she threw her leg over into the raft and pulled Jacob in too. Grabbing an oar, she paddled by herself as Jacob lay in the bottom of the raft. They splashed over another rapid and thankfully the river calmed down. Darkness fell over them quickly like a candle being blown out. Eeriness covered them.
“I think we should go over to the first clearing we find,” said Jacob. “Cindi is going to be so mad that we left.”
“Yeah, I agree. I really thought we could make it, but I think we had better find a place to stop because it’s starting to get dark. I see a place that would be good to stop,” said C.J. as she grabbed hold of a branch that overhung from a large tree like a lifeline sent in the nick of time and she pulled the raft to an abrupt stop. After holding onto the branch tightly, she was able to rest for a moment, and they stopped at a clearing. With tired arms, she paddled over to the shore. Her braid had washed out and the water plastered her red hair to her head. After pulling the raft out of the water, she laid Jacob on a softest mud pile she could find, and covered it with moss. She looked for something to wrap the ugly gash on his forehead and found some long, wide leaves.
Next, she started a fire by sparking a smooth stone with a rough one. Hours went by; the sun had set, and no one had come for them. 
Jacob woke up and asked for food. She didn’t have anything but told him she would find something for them to eat in the morning.
 C. J. drifted off into a queasy dream. She was in the water searching for someone but she didn’t know who. Was it her dad? Jacob? Dale? Cindi? Sarah Beth? Jorgina? Luna? Eugene? Anyone? Suddenly, she saw all of their heads bobbing up and down heading towards a water fall. “Help!” they yelled. C. J. tried to get to them, but it was too late. They fell over a waterfall. 
“No!” she screamed. She got on land and sat on her legs. She screamed to the gray skies and started crying, “Bring them back! Bring them back!” Then shadows crept into her mind, eyes, and the world. “Leave me alone!” The shadows didn’t stop, and she couldn’t hold them back this time. Something wet hit her face. Rain? C. J. shot straight up out of her dream; it was raining. Jacob’s teeth were chattering. She saw a small cave-like area and pulled Jacob over to it to help protect them from the storms.
The wind whistled, and she thought she heard a “Hello.”
“Is anyone there?” she asked out in the empty darkness.
No one answered. She looked at Jacob as he snoozed away. Has Dale forgotten about me? I feel so responsible for Jacob. Is he going to die? I should have never listened to him and let him talk me into leaving. I know Cindi told us to stay. I wish we would have listened, she thought.

**********

Chapter 20
Jack to the Rescue
“I need to go back and check on Jacob and C.J. I’ll just die if anything happens to them. I don’t know what to do. Everything is so messed up; nothing has gone the way I planned,” Cindi said holding back the tears.
“I understand. Things don’t always go as planned, but I’m here to help,” said Jack.
“I don’t even know you. For all I know you could be an escaped convict or something!”  Cindi exclaimed suddenly feeling frightened of the six foot bearded man with the ragged clothes. She couldn’t help but notice he had deep scars on his forehead, eyes, and nose.
“I mean you no harm, trust me.  That girl found me and asked me to help,” said Jack.
“How do we know that you didn’t hurt Maria?” quivered Cody. “Maybe you tied her up somewhere. I think we should try to tie him up before he tries to murder us,” screamed Cody.
Cindi looked at Jack and though she didn’t know why, she felt like she could trust him, and that he was there just there to help. Scrutinizing Maria’s letter, she carefully looked again at the writing. It did look like Maria’s, and it sounded like something she would say.
“Jack, could you tell us about yourself and help us understand why you’re out here in the middle of nowhere? How long have you been here?”
“I’ve been here for almost two years.”
“Why did you move here?” asked Jorgina.
“It’s a long story,” he said.
“We’ve got time even though we need to get back to Jacob and C. J.,” said Luna.
“Okay, I’ll give you the short version,” Jack said. “A little over two years ago, I was heading on a skiing trip to Red River with my wife, Marlena, for our ten year anniversary.  We’d planned to stay in a remote cabin. I asked her to scoot over by me, so I could put my arm around her. When we came to a sharp curve, I lost control of the car. We went over the side rail, and our car turned over. She was killed instantly. Part of me died that day too. I couldn’t go back to our home in Odessa, so I sold it and everything we had. I used the money to build my cabin in the woods. I just wanted to be alone. I couldn’t face the world after what I did to her.”
“It wasn’t your fault,” said Sarah Beth. Then without thinking she asked, “Is that how you got all those scars on your face?”
“That’s rude,” said Eugene.
“It’s okay; don’t worry about it. Yeah, I got the scars from the accident. They are a daily reminded of what I did. I killed my wife because I was the one driving, and I shouldn’t have asked her to move closer to me.  I killed the person I loved most in this world.” He started to tear up, and turned his back on the group who were huddled around him.
The counseling side of Cindi came out. “I’m sure it was an accident, and I believe everything and everyone has a purpose. I’m sorry to hear about your wife, but if that wouldn’t have happened, then you wouldn’t be here right now trying to help save us. We really need help. Will you go with me to get Jacob? He had some deep gashes in his forehead and his arm was pretty banged up,” said Cindi.
“Of course, I’ll go. That’s why I came…to try to help anyway I could,” replied Jack.
Moaning, Sarah Beth said, “I don’t feel so well. I think my leg is broken.” Jack forgot about his own problems, went over, and looked at her. “I brought supplies to make a cast and some antibiotics. It’s not clean around here, but we will have to make do until we can get you back to my cabin.”
Eugene watched Jack work as he disinfected her open wounds, moved the bones back in their proper place, wrapped her leg, and put it in a cast. He was impressed by Jack’s skill.  Charlie also watched intently.
“Here, take this medicine. It should help ease the pain,” said Jack.
“I have some shots back at my cabin which will help you more but these pills.” Next, he went over to Jorgina. “Wow, your feet look like hamburger meat. I know you have to be in pain but it’s good Eugene put some herbs on them. That was the best thing he could have done considering the circumstances.” Eugene beamed with pride as Jack cleaned her wounds, then wrapped and bandaged them.
Jorgina wasn’t nearly as tough as she had been the first day when she announced she didn’t want anyone to touch or mess with her. She welcomed Jack’s help and cried as she experienced relief. He also bandaged Cody and looked at everyone else’s scrapes and wounds.
“You seem to know what you are doing?” said Eugene. “What did you do before you moved here on this mountain?”
“I was an emergency doctor in a hospital.  I quit my job and moved here after my wife died. I thought if I couldn’t save her, then I didn’t need to be practicing medicine anywhere,” he said with a faraway look in his eyes.
“You can’t blame yourself the rest of your life. You can’t be that old.” said Cindi. She added, “I’m not trying to get personal, but it’s hard to tell how old you are with that beard.”
“Yeah, how old are you?” asked Cody.
“Thirty four,” he answered.
“You look a lot older,” said Eugene.
“Eugene, just shut up,” said Cody.
“Quit it. I’m not having you guys arguing like you are in kindergarten. We have too much to do and remember we need to go get C.J. and Jacob,” Cindi remarked.
She turned to Jack and said, “What do you think we should do? Should we all try to go together to the river to get C.J. and Jacob, should we try to move them here, or should we go to your cabin? I want everyone together.”
“I don’t think we should try to move anyone right now. It would be too dangerous for them to put any more pressure on their feet and legs.” said Jack. “Let me get my four-wheeler, and I’ll come back for those who can’t walk. Would anyone want to walk back with me?” Jack asked.
“What about C.J. and Jacob?” asked Luna.
“They are the two strongest. I think they will be alright,” said Cindi although she wasn’t so sure. “Cody, Eugene, and Luna go back with Jack to his cabin. Charlie, you can go too if you want, and I’ll stay with Jorgina and Sarah Beth.”
“No, I don’t want to leave Sarah Beth. She needs me, and it feels good to have someone need me,” Charlie said as he held Sarah Beth’s head in his lap. She drifted in and out of consciousness.
“I understand, you can stay with me while the others go, and after we get everyone there, I’ll go back for C.J. and Jacob,” said Cindi.
“Where exactly are they?” asked Jack.
“They are by two rafts near the river.”
“Were they yellow with black stripes around the top rim?” asked Jack.
“Yes,” replied Cindi.
“Then, those are mine, so I know exactly where they are. I’m sure I can find them. After we get everyone here back to my cabin, I’ll go get them too.”
“I will go with you,” said Cindi. She looked at Sarah Beth who was totally unconscious and very pale. Jorgina looked like she was about to pass out also. “Go on guys, please be fast, but most of all, please be careful. I’ll stay here and wait until Jack comes back. Once you get to the cabin, whatever you do, stay there and don’t wander off. I can’t afford to lose anyone else. Do you promise me that?”
They all agreed, and she believed they would keep their promise.

**********

Chapter 21
Katherine, inheritress to Camp Clearwater
Katherine, a forty year old mother of three, just returned from a four day trip to Hawaii to celebrate her son, Blake’s graduation from high school. He had graduated with honors and she had promised him a trip to Hawaii ever since he was twelve if he did that, so she felt she had to keep her word, even though the timing was terrible.
She was apprehensive about not being there the day the camp opened, but she didn’t know when she and her children would be able to get away again. There was never a good time to leave and this was Blake’s graduation. He had worked hard and all her kids pitched in around the camp, made good grades, and they had never had a real vacation before. Her sixteen-year-old son, Cole, had just brought their bags inside their log cabin behind the welcome center of Camp Clearwater, when a frightened and filthy looking girl came bursting through the door.
“H-help!  Someone help me,” Maria struggled to spit out the words buried in her throat. “I need to find the owner of this camp and a phone,” she said winded.
“I’m Katherine Starkey, the owner of Camp Clearwater. Who are you?”
“I’m Maria Marks. I arrived a few days ago. Everything has gone wrong. I want to go home,” she rushed her words together.
“Slow down, honey, everything is going to be alright. Who is your counselor, and where is she?” asked Katherine.
“Her name is Cindi… I honestly don’t know where she is.”
“How were you separated from her?” asked a concerned Katherine.
Maria said, “We were trying to go white water rafting, but no one would listen or do anything Cindi told us to do, and then one of the campers fell down a slope, wild animals attacked us, we were out of food and water, Cindi and some others left, we were hungry, so I went looking for food and found a mountain man in a cabin, and he gave me directions and a compass to find my way back.”  It was clear she was traumatized by the events.
“What are you talking about? How many campers are hurt? Is anyone seriously injured?” asked Katherine.
“A mountain man?” asked Daisy, Katherine’s thirteen-year-old daughter.
Maria told her about Sarah Beth’s leg, Jorgina’s feet, Cody’s wounds also, and about the man she met who lived in the cabin.
Katherine’s kids were all talking and asking questions at the same time. There were more questions than Maria could answer, and she became even more agitated by the onslaught of questions. “Stop, I can’t answer all your questions. All you need to know was I went looking for food and water, and I met a man who said he would find everyone and help them.  I didn’t ask him any questions about himself because I was trying to get help for the others… however when I saw a chance to leave, I took it. I really want to go home.”
“Enough talk, get quiet, I’ve got to reach Cindi,” Katherine ordered. She tried her walkie-talkie, but there was no answer. She kept trying while her kids talked to Maria.
Cole said, “I bet the man you are talking about is the man who lost his wife in a car crash. I’ve heard lots of rumors about him.”
“Yeah, me too,” agreed Blake. They started asking Maria more questions about the injured campers, but she didn’t have any more to say. With her eyes glazed-over, she completely shut down. Katherine frantically continued trying to get in touch with Cindi, but she couldn’t, however she was able to get a call through to a helicopter pilot .He indicated he would start looking for the missing campers as soon as he could get a rescue team together. When she got off the phone, her kids were still talking about the mysterious man Maria called Jack.
“Well if that’s him, the campers will be lucky, because he was once a doctor, or so the papers said,” said Cole. “It was really a tragedy. Everyone in town talked about it and felt sorry for him. People see him occasionally, but he never says anything, just buys what he needs and leaves.”
“Can I use your phone?” asked Maria. “I left a message for my mother some time ago asking her to come and pick me up. I want to see if she got it,” said Maria.
“Just a minute, I have to get a search party started,” Katherine said as she got on her walkie-talkie once again and signaled for the other counselors who responded and reported that they hadn’t seen any of the missing campers. She ordered all campers to report to their bunkhouses and to suspend wilderness training until the missing campers were found. Each of her kids left and went to meet the other counselors which left Katherine and Maria alone.
Katherine looked at the phone and the light was blinking indicating she had numerous messages. “I need to call my mother,” demanded Maria once again.
“Reception is bad; sometimes it works and sometimes it doesn’t. You can try it, but let me see if there is a message from Cindi, or news about the other campers. I haven’t had a chance to check anything, because I literally just walked in the door from our vacation.”
“I don’t care about your vacation. I just want to talk to my mother,” demanded Maria.
Looking like she wouldn’t take no for an answer, Katherine gave Maria the phone, and she began to call. Nervously, Maria began dialing the numbers and in her hurry, she misdialed three times before she dialed and got through. Hysterical, Maria wept when she heard her mother’s voice. “Mother, where are you? Please come get me. Yes, I’m okay, “she said as she nodded her head. “Yes, okay, I’ll put her on the phone,” nodded Maria, and she handed Katherine the phone.
“Hello, Mrs. Marks, calm down.  I understand you are very upset about your daughter, but let me assure you she is a little shaken, but she will be alright. Yes, I will provide her with counseling if she needs it. I’m sure we can work something out. Remember you did sign the release clause on the registration form which stated we aren’t liable for anything that happens while your child is at camp?” she sighed and then continued. “Where are you exactly?” asked Katherine. The phone service ended. “We were lucky we got through,” Katherine said.
“Call her back. She needs directions,” Maria screamed.
Katherine tried several times before she was able to get through. She gave Mrs. Marks directions and decided not to mention that Maria’s fellow campers were missing. “Sorry about the bad connection. Things will be fine. Would you like to speak to Maria again?” She put Maria back on the phone, who sobbed and collapsed like a rag doll into the chair.
After the phone call ended, several counselors came running into Katherine’s cabin. There was complete mayhem. After she had spoken to each of them, Katherine was relieved all the other campers were back at base camp. Her kids and the counselors quickly put a rescue team together. Some stayed behind to keep the remaining campers calm and safe, but most left on foot to search for Cindi and her group.
A rattled Katherine asked Daisy to fix Maria a sandwich, show her where the bathroom was, and to find her some fresh clothes. “After she finishes eating, run some bathwater for her, and lay out some clean clothes. See if you can find her things in her cabin and bring them to her. Hopefully after she eats and bathes, she will be able to go to sleep,” said Katherine.”Ask one of the counselors to stay with her while I go check on the rescue team.
A few hours later, Maria’s mother arrived. She was more frightened than angry, but most of all she was relieved to find Maria asleep and alright. She woke her up and whisked her out the front door. The counselor staying with her followed behind them and apologized for Katherine’s absence. She said, “Maria, I hope you will come back next summer. I’m sure Katherine would give you a good rate.”
“Never, I never want to see this camp or even hear its name again. I just want to go home,” said Maria.
“Come on Maria, let’s go,” said her mother as she put her arm around her waist and lead her like a toddler to her car. Away they left leaving a trail of dust behind them.
The counselor called Katherine and told her Maria and her mother had left. She said, “Sorry, Katherine, but I don’t think she will be coming back.”
“I’ll call her and try to make things right later. Right now, I have to find Cindi and her group. Please stay there and look out for everyone back at the bunkhouses.”
The counselor said she would.
The Search for Jacob and C.J.
Jack was true to his word. He took Eugene, Luna, and Cody to his cabin who all thought it looked like a mansion compared to the wilderness. Luna literally kissed the bed when she saw it. Cody tried to put his arm around her, but she pushed it back and said, “No Cody, I’m not interested in you anymore. I know you are just a player, and I deserve better. I’d go out with Eugene before I’d ever go out with you again,” snarled Luna.
“What did I do?” asked Cody batting his innocent-looking eyes.
“For starters, you asked out every girl at the camp, the second I turned my back, and when I needed you the most, you weren’t there for me. You are only into yourself, and I just don’t need you anymore. You promised me if I came to this camp, we’d have lots of time together.  I nearly killed myself getting the money to get here, but it has been nothing but a disaster,” returned Luna.
“So are you asking me out?” blushed Eugene.
“No,” shouted Luna. “I was just trying to make a point.”
“I’ll go out with you if you want me to,” said Eugene.
“Eugene, would you put a cork in it and mind your own business?” said Cody arrogantly.
Luna walked out of the room disgusted and started running some bathwater. 
“Let me know if you need any help,” laughed Cody.
“In your dreams, weirdo,” Luna shouted back.
“Alright I see how it is. You are just playing hard to get.”
“Forget it! Leave me alone. I don’t even want to look at you again,” shouted Luna.
“I’m confused. Do you think Luna likes me?” asked Eugene.
Both Cody and Luna yelled at the same time,”No!”
The three of them ate, bathed, and rested while they waited for Jack and the others to return.
By the time Jack got back to Cindi, Sarah Beth was almost lifeless. She had been drifting in and out of consciousness and was in shock. Jorgina was writhing with pain and almost delirious.
“I’m glad you’re back,” said Cindi. “I’m worried about these two,” pointing to Sarah Beth and Jorgina.
Charlie was crying and confused. Obviously, the last few days had been hard on him. He had been strong, but his strength was weakening. Fear covered his face. Emotionally, he was a wreck. Mumbling, he said, “I wish I could go home.” Then he switched gears and began worrying about Sarah Beth. “Do you think Sarah Beth is going to die?”
“No, I think she will be alright, but we need to get her to the hospital. She needs an IV and pain killers I don’t have at my cabin. Help me get her and Jorgina on the back of my four-wheeler. We need to strap them on securely,” said Jack.
Charlie and Cindi helped him. “I’ll go slowly. Just follow my path and you two walk along behind me. I’m taking you on a short cut,” said Jack. “In just a little over an hour, we will be at my cabin. You all need to rest. I’ll tend to everyone especially Sarah Beth and Jorgina, and then I’ll go to the river where I keep my rafts and get the other two. What did you say their names were?” asked Jack.
“C.J. and Jacob,” Charlie and Cindi said in unison.
“Let me go with you. I’m worried sick about them,” fretted Cindi.
“Do as you like,” said Jack, “but I think it would be best if you stayed with the others at the cabin. I can find them. You don’t look so good yourself.”
“You don’t even know what they look like,” retorted Cindi.
“But I know what my raft looks like and where I left it. They should be easy to find,” coaxed Jack.
“Okay,” said Cindi, too weak to argue.
Jorgina, Sarah Beth, Charlie, Cindi, and Jack arrived at the cabin with no mishaps. Sheer determination forced Cindi to put one foot in front of the other as she helped take Sarah Beth and Jorgina inside.
She let out a huge sigh of relief, when she saw Eugene, Cody, and Luna. “If I had just an hour’s rest, I think I could go with you,” Cindi said to Jack.
“In just a little over an hour, I can have the other two back here. Don’t worry, I’ll find them and bring them back. You just need to get some rest and keep an eye on Jorgina and Sarah Beth,” said Jack.
He left on his four-wheeler before Cindi had time to protest. She collapsed like a house of cards on the sofa and fell asleep.
Jack went immediately to the river where he left his rafts. His mind began to play tricks on him when he reached the place he had left them. It was in a remote spot, and he thought he had hidden them pretty well in the brush.  Apparently, he didn’t because the campers had found them. He thought he left them by a particularly large rock nicknamed the turtle because the rock had a distinctive rock on top of it that resembled a shell, but they were not there.
Jack yelled cupping his hands to his mouth and letting out a scream that could break glass. “C.J., Jacob, can you hear me?” Moving up and down the river, he called their names over and over again. Nothing. Jack decided to go back to the spot he had left his rafts and looked for clues. 
Darkness was setting in making it more difficult to see, so he pulled out his flashlight and started shining it up and down the river. The light shone on a trail of red dots. He investigated it further and knew it was a trail of blood that led through some rocks. He wondered how he had missed it the first time. He followed the trail, and it went back into the water.  	
Sighing, he said, “I wish those kids had stayed put like they were told to do.” The brush was too thick for him to take his four-wheeler, so he hid it under some brush that hung over like a mini cave, and then set out on foot walking down the river. He decided they probably went downstream with the current. Off he went, calling for them every few steps. Finally after several hours, he got a response.
“We’re over here,” C.J. and Jacob both yelled. Jack followed the sound of their voices and found them just as the sun was rising. Hearing their names, even from a stranger was a welcomed sound. They were happy to be found, but in the hunt, Jack forgot to bring any medicine or food from his four-wheeler. 
He looked at the gash on Jacob’s forehead, the cuts on his arm, and the wounds in his legs.
He explained who he was and briefly told them about Maria and all the others. They were glad to hear everyone had gotten help and that perhaps their nightmare would soon be ending.
“It would not be a good idea for you to try to walk, Jacob,” said Jack.”It’s quite a walk.
“No, I’m sure I can make it,” Jacob insisted. The three of them inched their way back. Jacob hobbled and moaned holding back tears, hoping he could make it. Never had he felt so helpless and weak. He finally gave in and rested. C.J. stayed with him while Jack walked quickly back to his four-wheeler, and then went back to get them.

**********

Chapter 23
Back at the Cabin
The night was almost over. It was like the cord connecting the moon to the dark sky was about to be cut. No one slept well because they were haunted by the memories from base camp. Fidgety, Eugene, Charlie, Jorgina, and the others, anxiously waited for Jack’s return.
Cody was sitting in front of the fire Eugene and Luna had made. He, like everyone else, was wondering when C.J., Jacob, and Jack would arrive. He became skittish as he watched Jorgina unwrap the bandages on her scarlet feet to air out her wounds. They were tender and looked as if they had been cut with a razor. Watching her traumatized him.  Next, he looked over at Sarah Beth who was sleeping.  She tossed and turned like she was having a nightmare, but she never opened her eyes. 
Cody was worried about Maria, and the fact she never returned. “Do you guys think we can trust Jack? Do you think he did something to Maria, or do you believe she just left?” he asked.
Eugene said, “I know what you mean. It’s creepy Maria never came back. She never hinted she would ever do such a thing.  I hope she made it back okay. I miss her.”
Cindi nodded, as did Charlie and Luna. Panic was nothing new to the group. Every creak and noise put nerves on end. Jorgina drifted back to sleep but was awoken by heavy footsteps and a rustling of leaves outside. The racket got closer, but no one could see anything. Cindi slightly slid the living room curtains open and peeked outside in the dim light. She saw branches a few feet from the cabin being slung from side to side. The brush of ivy was being trampled and moving like waves in an ocean.  Her heart raced as she saw a bulky mysterious figure approaching that looked to be as huge as a bear.
Panicking, Cindi said, “Bolt the door, someone.  There’s something coming towards us, but I can’t see who or what it is. I don’t know if it’s a wild animal or someone trying to harm us. We must all be on full alert.”
“Do you think it is Jack?” asked Luna.
“I don’t know. He was on a four-wheeler, and I don’t see it or hear the sound of his engine, which disturbs me. All I can see is something thrashing around. Turn off all the lights quickly. Get still and quiet and maybe whoever is out there will think no one is here. Maybe they won’t even be able to tell this is a cabin in the darkness,” said Cindi more afraid than rational.
Cody fainted. Jorgina put her head down quietly on top of her knees, but her eyes were wide opened. Sarah Beth was still asleep and unaware of the drama.
Like an attentive puppy, Charlie stayed close to Sarah Beth and wondered if she would even remember all the ways he had cared for her while she was injured. Will she even like me whenever she healed, he thought. He still longed to be home, but felt like he had “man-upped” quite a lot since coming to the camp. That made him feel happy and proud which was a weird feeling considering all the bad things that happened since he had been there. Also he could tell he had lost weight.
His pants had been a little tight when he arrived, but now they were much looser, almost about to fall off him. Before he arrived at Camp Clearwater, one of his biggest thoughts was what he was going to eat for his next meal. Now there was a gnawing feeling in his stomach, but adrenalin was his major food source and worry overtook his appetite. He wanted Sarah Beth to get well even if there was no chance they could be together. He loved her spunk. The old saying, “Opposites attract” was true in their case. No two people were more opposite than the two of them.  Charlie brought out a sweeter side of Sarah Beth, and she brought out a more manly courageous side of him.
“What do you see?” whispered Luna. “Can you tell who or what is out there?” 
“No, shhhh, please! Everyone, stay quiet and still,” Cindi said. She hoped no one saw her trembling legs and arms. Can anyone hear my heart pounding like a drum? she thought as she waited intently, and she stared into the darkness. 
“Cindi! Eugene! Cody! Luna! Sarah Beth! Jorgina! Charlie! Is anybody there?” yelled a familiar voice.
“Jacob, is that you?” cried Cindi as she opened the curtain wide like cat eyes peering into the fog-like sky.
“Turn on some lights, so we can see where we’re going,” yelled Jack as he, C.J., and Jacob came stumbling closer to the house. They looked like a giant blob, struggling to put one foot in front of the other. Happily, Cindi turned on the kerosene light and opened the front door. She went running towards C.J., Jacob, and Jack. Everyone except for Jorgina and Sarah Beth ran to greet them. They all embraced like long lost relatives. 
“We didn’t think we would ever see you guys again,” said Luna who was laughing and crying all at the same time. Cindi hugged each one of them and wept with gladness. Every camper embraced one another and was genuinely happy to see each other.
“I know,” said C.J. “It seems like a long time since we left. I’m so glad to be back inside a shelter.”
“Yeah me too,” said Jacob. “C.J. took good care of me and laid me on the softest moss she could find, but that bed looks good.” He hobbled up the two front steps and when he entered, he noticed Sarah Beth asleep on the bed. “Is Sarah Beth going to be alright?” asked Jacob.
“I think she will be,” said Charlie as he looked longingly towards her.
“I hope so,” said Jacob. “I’ve always had a secret crush on her. That’s why I treated her so mean.”
“Boys are just plain weird!” said Luna flabbergasted. “I don’t understand why they play games. If you like a girl, why don’t you tell her instead of treating her like dirt?”
“I don’t know. You know how Sarah Beth is. I didn’t know how she would react to sweet talk,” said Jacob as he scratched his head. “Move over Charlie, I need to lie down,” ordered Jacob.
“Don’t bother her,” said Charlie protectively. “She’s had a hard time and has lost a lot of blood.”
“I’ve lost a lot of blood too! I said move over,” stormed Jacob.
“Please move Charlie. It’s obvious Jacob is injured and needs to get off his leg,” said Cindi.
C.J. and Jack told the group about their experiences, finding and losing the raft, Jacob’s injuries, and when Jack found them. Jacob was too weak to talk. He and Sarah Beth slept side by side on Jack’s bed. Not even Jacob’s snoring woke her up. After sharing their adventures, Jack and C.J. grabbed a pillow and a quilt and lay on the floor in front of the fire. No one noticed when the fire went out because they were all resting peacefully.

**********

Chapter 24
The Secret Inside the Broken Car 
Jack was the first one awake. After a good sleep, all the campers remembered their hunger and asked for food. Jack looked through his cupboard and pulled out some cereal and peanut butter. He also had some Ramen noodle soup, canned green beans, a bag of onions, and some Kool Aid. “I’m low on food, but I know where some delicious blackberries and wild strawberries are if anyone would like to go with me. There are some crab apples not too far away too,” he added.
“I’ll go,” said Cody, Luna, and Eugene, who were all eager to find something to eat. 
“I’d like to come too,” said C.J. and Cindi.
“Good, the more people we have, the more food we can gather. I’m going to bring my gun too, and maybe we can find a deer,” said Jack.
“Oh, I think it is sad to kill a deer,” said Luna. “I don’t want to watch. It’s like shooting Bambi.”
“Not really,” said Eugene.
“Shut up!” exclaimed Cody and Luna simultaneously.  Jack led the group to the berry patches, and they began picking and eating as many berries as they could find.
“Where’s your four-wheeler?” asked Cindi, who had forgotten about it until that moment. “I expected to hear it early this morning. When I didn’t hear or see it, it made me scared. That’s why we turned out all the lights because we didn’t know what was hiding in the darkness.”
“I got the four-wheeler stuck in a ditch while it was raining. I need to go back and get it,” remembered Jack. “Let’s gather food, and then I can take several of you and together I think we can pull it out of the mud,” Jack said feeling a sense of happiness to be with people again.
“I think I saw a deer,” yelled Eugene.
Putting his finger to his mouth, Jack motioned everyone to be quiet, and they inched their way gingerly through the forest. Eugene pointed in the direction of the deer, and they all followed, away from the familiarity of the berry bushes. Deeper and deeper into the forest they went, away from the house, base camp, and the stream.
“What’s that?” asked Cody pointing to a car hidden by underbrush.
They walked towards a car. The front end was wrecked, but the side doors, trunk, and back looked in good shape except for a wide crack in the windshield. C.J. looked inside. Her eyes were drawn to a necklace hanging down from the rear view mirror.  “Look at the ring and there’s a picture on the dashboard,” she said.
“I know,” said Jack. This is my car. I wrecked it shortly after I moved here. That’s my wife’s wedding ring and the picture is us of my family on our wedding day.”
“Why did you leave the car, the ring, and the pictures here? Why didn’t you get someone to help you tow it?” asked Cindi.
“I didn’t want to be around people or have anyone asking questions or intruding on my privacy, so I just left it and walked away. I had looked at the ring, and the pictures every day. I couldn’t look at them anymore. By leaving them, I was hoping to leave the pain and the memories behind… it didn’t work,” Jack sighed sadly.
“Do you mind if I take a closer look at your wedding picture?” asked Cindi curious to see what Jack looked like clean shaven. She also wondered what his wife looked like. When she looked at the picture, she began to tremble. “Who is that?” she asked as she pointed to the best man next to Jack.
“That’s my brother, Joe,” said Jack.
Tears welled and overflowed as Cindi looked at the picture. “Was he ever a camper at Camp Clearwater?”
“Yes, he loved the camp. He came to the camp when he was a teenager, probably he was around fifteen I would guess. The summer he spent at Camp Clearwater was all he talked about. That was part of the reason I wanted to bring my wife because we had heard so much about it.”
“I’m pretty sure I know him,” Cindi said as she trembled looking at the picture of the true love she had waited for twelve years to return. Taking in a deep breath she asked, “Where is Joe now?”
Hanging his head, Jack said, “He was killed in a motorcycle accident, a few months after he came back from Camp Clearwater. That was twelve years ago.”
Cindi began crying. “He’s dead?” she asked.
“Yes, it really killed all of us. He had a great time at camp and all he could talk about was a girl he had met. He had big plan to meet her the next summer. We all teased him about her. He received some letters from her but was he so private, he hid them in his room. He was on the way to the post office to mail a letter back to her when a drunk driver ran into him and killed him instantly. The envelope was destroyed. We were able to save only part of the letter, so we were never able to tell his girlfriend what happened to him,” said Jack.
Looking at the picture, Cindi said, “I am his girlfriend. For the past twelve years, I have come back to Camp Clearwater hoping and praying he would be here and every year, I have gone home disappointed. Every year, I’ve told myself to forget about him and move on to someone who would love me back, but the glimmer of hope wouldn’t die inside me. Like a moth to the flame I’ve been drawn back to this camp in hopes of seeing him. I’ve had a premonition that this would be the year I found him, and I have. I just never figured it would be in a picture.”
“I’m sorry you had to find out this way. He really loved you. You were all he talked about when he got home. I’m sure he would have come back if he were still alive,” said Jack comforting Cindi. “The part of the letter we found said he loved you and could hardly wait to see you again.” With eyes glazed over, she stood still as a coffin, crumpling inside. C.J. and Luna hugged her. Then Cody and Eugene put their arms around her too. They all mourned the lost and had a silent funeral in the stillness of the forest.
The moment of silence was broken when they heard a noise overhead. “It sounds like a helicopter,” said Eugene. 
“I bet it’s someone who’s looking for us. Everyone scream as loud as you can,” said Cody.
“They’re not going to hear us over the noise of the propeller,” said Eugene.
“So I guess you have a better idea?” said Cody angry at Eugene’s know-it-all attitude.
“Yes, we should build a fire and make smoke signals,” said Eugene. “The forest is so thick; I don’t think they will be able to see us. We need to make our way to a clearing, and then start a fire,” he continued, “but we will have to hurry!”
“Come follow me,” said Jack. “I know where a clearing is.”
Still clutching to the photograph, Cindi followed behind C.J., Luna, and Cody. Eugene put his arm around Luna slightly and told her things would be alright. She pushed him away, so he started walking next to Cindi.
“I don’t know how, but I know things just have a way of working out for good,” said Eugene. “I never wanted to go to this camp. I thought it was a huge mistake, but I’ve learned so much about myself and how to survive, things I never thought I’d ever learn. It’s been terrible and wonderful all at the same time,” said Eugene as he walked next to Cindi.
“You coming?” asked Jack looking back. “We need to pick up the pace before the helicopter leaves. Run if you can,” he said as he began jogging down the slightly beaten path he had created several months earlier.
They all ran as fast as they could with hope propelling them forward. “Hurry faster,” urged Jack. Finally, they reached a clearing at the foot of a mountain. “Grab some dry branches and bark. Be quick,” he demanded.
Grabbing a flint and stone from his pocket, Jack began rubbing sticks and quickly forming a fire. It was easy to see this wasn’t the first fire he had built because it started quickly and with ease. They all began waving their arms to the sky. The girls dumped the berries out of the bags they had brought and began using them to fan the flames. The boys took off their shirts. Everyone was fanning the flames and the smoke signal rose higher and higher.  The helicopter flew right over them and didn’t look down. 
“Oh no, they didn’t see us,” cried Luna.
“Throw more sticks onto the fire and help me,” insisted Jack forgetting his desire for privacy. “Come on, look down,” he ordered even though he knew it would be impossible for the pilot to hear him. “Look down! Look at the smoke,” he yelled to the sky as he and the others fanned the fire furiously. They were all fanning, waving, and screaming…fanning, waving, and screaming! Then like an answer to prayer, the helicopter turned around and landed next to them.
“I can’t believe they saw us,” Cindi cried out of breath from her frantic antics. They all agreed with new invigoration because they knew help had finally arrived.

**********

Chapter 25
The Rescue
“Mayday, this is Charlie three, can you read me?” asked the pilot.
“We read you, come on,” said a voice at the control tower. 
“Tell Katherine we found them,” the pilot relayed.
Katherine was sitting with the controllers and yelped for joy when she heard the news. She said, “Please ask if they found all of them.”
 “I’m just landing. I’ll have to get back to you, but it looks like there are five or six,” the pilot reported. “Hold on, I’m counting. There are five, no six.”
“There are six,” informed the controller.
Katherine checked her roster and counted the names under Cindi’s group. “She started with nine, but Maria left, so there should be eight campers and Cindi.”Ask the pilot if he can count nine?” 
“Just a minute. I’ll give you a full report in a minute.”
When the helicopter finally landed, the campers, Cindi, and Jack ran to it like they were racers completing a marathon. Katherine got on the speaker, “Ask for Cindi!”
 “Is there a counselor named Cindi?” asked the pilot.
Before maneuvering herself to the front of the group, Cindi forced the precious photograph into her pocket and answered, “Yes, I’m here.”
“Are all your campers with you?”
“Not everyone, but I know where everyone is…everyone that is except Maria. Do you know if she made it back alright?” asked Cindi.
Katherine responded, “Yes, Maria made it back and has been picked up by her mother.” Cindi almost cried when she heard the good news about Maria. She told everyone there and they let out a cheer, then they started to feel hurt that she had abandoned them with no warning.
“Be glad she’s okay,” said Eugene.
“We are, but it stinks that we never got to say goodbye,” said Luna.
They all nodded in agreement.
 Katherine was flooded with happiness to learn that all of Cindi’s campers were safe and accounted for. She asked, “Are any of them seriously injured? Tell everyone that paramedics are on their way.” 
Cindi looked towards Jack and handed him the speaker. He gave no thought to protecting his privacy, but rather was focused on the well-being of the campers. He quickly spoke, “This is Jack. I’m a doctor, although I haven’t practiced for a while. I treated everyone with the supplies I had, and they are stable, but there are three back at my cabin that need immediate hospitalization.”  
“Maria told me about you, Jack. Thanks for your help. Where is your cabin?” asked Katherine.
“It’s just outside your camp. I’ll get in the helicopter and show the pilot the way. I know a place where he can land because my cabin is very secluded and hard to spot. It’s buried at the edge of the mountain pretty close to the Taos River,” responded Jack.
“Okay, thanks,” said Katherine.
First Luna, Cody, and Eugene got in the helicopter, then Jack while C.J. and Cindi waited because there wasn’t room enough for everyone. “We’ll be fine. Just go get Sarah Beth, Jorgina, and Jacob. They need to get to the hospital as soon as possible,” insisted Cindi.
“I know. We’ll drop these kids off at my cabin and load up the others, take them to the hospital, and then come back for the rest of you. Don’t move. Just stay put!” ordered Jack.
“I learned my lesson the hard way,” said C.J. worried that Cindi might be mad at her.
“I promise,” said Cindi bitter sweetly. In a matter of moments, she had plunged to the lowest point in her life, and then plummeted to her peak when the helicopter arrived. She put her arm around C.J. “It’s going to be alright C.J. If you don’t find your brother and family, you can stay with me. Heck, I’ll even adopt you if you want me to.”
C.J. smiled. She had come looking for a family and things hadn’t worked out the way she had hoped, but she trusted that Cindi was serious about her offer. She felt her nightmare of homelessness was coming to an end. Finally, she would have a place to live and someone to care about her. She wished she could find her brother though because she and Dale were inseparable. “What if I find Dale, what about him?” asked C.J. cautiously.
“If we find him, he’s welcome too, or you can stay with him if he is able to properly care for you,” said Cindi.
C.J. was glad they had been rescued and for the offer Cindi had made, but secretly she was longing to see her brother. She wondered where he was, and if he was looking for her. She and Cindi stood in silence as they watched everyone load into the helicopter. They knew the end was near and so they rested in the clearing. 

**********

Chapter 26 
Flickering Flames of Hope
The dim lights flickered while it grew darker outside. Sarah Beth opened her eyes slowly from what appeared to be a week-long sleep. Dizzy, the room seemed as if it was swaying. Her head pounded, yet it felt nice to have a feathery pillow supporting it instead of the hard ground she had been sleeping on several days before. She felt safe and calm in Jack’s cabin. The pillow gave her a feeling of comfort. 
She smiled as squirts of light shone through the nearby window and she began to stretch. Surprised, she saw Jacob lying, sleeping next to her. His breathing was shallow. She was confused and wondered if the moment was real or if she was dreaming. He had been gone for what she thought was a long time, yet there he was next to her, close enough to touch. 
He twitched and Sarah Beth let out a yelp. Startled, his eyes blinked as they adjusted to the light.
Confused, he asked, “Why are you screaming?”  She laid her head back on the pillow and looked awkwardly up at the ceiling.
“I wasn’t screaming, you just scared me,” Sarah Beth replied. 
Jacob laughed. “Sorry I didn’t mean to, I was so tired, and the bed looked comfortable; besides there wasn’t anywhere else for me to rest.”
“It’s okay,” she said as she pushed herself up on her elbows and saw Jorgina asleep on the couch across from the bed. “Where is everyone?” she asked. Jacob shrugged.
“I was hoping you knew,” he said. “The last thing I remember was lying on a moss palate C.J. made for me, after we had tried to raft down the river. I remember I fell out when we came to some rapids, and I remember the white foamy water. I thought I was drowning, but I don’t remember what happened next except seeing a wild looking man carry me to this cabin.” Jacob looked at the scarcely decorated room and thoughts of the night before began creeping back into his memory.
“That man you mentioned is Jack. He owns this cabin. He’s a doctor,” explained Sarah Beth. “Maria found this cabin and told him how we got lost and hurt. He came to our base camp and brought medicine and food, then he brought us back here while he went looking for you and C.J.” Jacob looked at her like he didn’t understand what she was saying. “Do you remember when I fell down that slope and hurt my leg? It’s hurt so much that I blacked out and lost track of time.”
Jacob looked at Sarah Beth’s leg and said, “Yea, I remember. I can understand your pain because I’ve never been hurt so bad before either. There were times when I didn’t know if I would make it out alive. I probably would have died if C.J. hadn’t helped me. I really messed up by talking her into trying to make it down the river on a raft we found. It tumbled over, and I was flying down the river banging into sharp rocks. ”
“Where was Cindi?” asked Sarah Beth.
“She and Luna went back to tell everyone that we had found water. Speaking of Luna, we nearly died going down a steep mountain to get to the water. Luna slipped on some rocks and nearly caused an avalanche. Some rocks hit me in the head. Guess it’s a good thing I’ve got a hard head,” he laughed.
“I’m sorry to hear you had such a hard time. I’m sorry for everything, for getting you into trouble. I know it’s my fault you are here,” said Sarah Beth apologetically.
Jacob responded, “Don’t worry about it. I know we haven’t gotten along in the past, but I’d like it if we could be friends, maybe even something more,” he added quietly, afraid of her response.
“Yeah, me too,” she said surprised by her words which came out unexpectedly.
“I’ve had a secret crush on you for a while,” he said and blushed.
“Really, that’s weird because I’ve had a crush on you too!”
“We sure have wasted a lot of time being enemies. That’s just stupid. I don’t understand why we treated each other so badly.”
“I understand. I think we both had been hurt and had our defenses up,” said Sarah Beth.
“You are right. After you get hurt and knocked around, it’s easier to not take chances of being rejected… it’s easier to be mean first, so no one will see your vulnerability.”
Sarah Beth nodded. They felt a connection that had been there all along, but neither one had been willing to risk being hurt. Now, in that moment it was just the two of them. They both had faced near death and needed comfort.
“My left shoulder and arm is hurt a little, but my right one is okay. You can put your head on this shoulder if you like, just be gentle,” said Jacob awkwardly, thinking he must be out of his mind and half expecting her to laugh in his face.
But she surprised him and eased her head on his shoulder which fit the contour of her face perfectly. She could hear his heart pounding. They lay there silently both finding comfort in the touch of each other.
Jorgina was still asleep. They muffled their laugher as they heard her snort. Sarah Beth hid her face on his chest, so her laughter wouldn’t wake her up and destroy the moment. She wanted it to last forever. Jacob flinched, but he didn’t want her to see his pain.
“Sorry I hope I didn’t hurt you,” apologized Sarah Beth.
“It’s okay, just take it easy though,” he responded. Jacob had never had a girlfriend, so he felt strange butterflies fluttered inside him. His palms were sweaty and his shoulder began to hurt, but he didn’t want to ask her to move, so he lay there quietly in pain. Her soft hair and the fluttering of her eyes against his skin served as pain relievers.
“Hey, do you hear that?” asked Jacob as he leaned forward forcing Sarah Beth to sit up too.
“Hear what?” she said.
“It sounds like a helicopter!” said Jacob.
With eyes wide open, Jorgina shot up like a bullet.”What’s going on?”
“I think it’s a helicopter,” said Sarah Beth. Just then the cabin door opened. Jack and a paramedic walked in with a stretcher.
“We’re saved,” said Jacob with a sigh, “but I’m glad all this happened.”
“What do you mean?” asked Sarah Beth.
“I’m glad we got to spend the night together and have this time alone,” he said as his lips gently kissed her forehead.
She kissed him back on the lips and said, “Me too!” She looked in Jacob’s smiling eyes.
“We need to put you all on stretchers and get you to a hospital,” said Jack breaking the magic of the moment and unaware of the romance. He was totally fixated on the rescue.  
“Take Sarah Beth first,” requested Jacob.
Jack and the paramedic lifted Sarah Beth from the bed and put her in the helicopter. Next, Jorgina was lifted onto a stretcher and placed inside next to Sarah Beth. “What’s the deal with you and Jacob? I thought you hated each other,” asked Jorgina. 
“Things have changed,” Sarah Beth smiled through her pain. She almost didn’t hurt when Jacob was secured safely on the helicopter. They both smiled at each other and held hands briefly.  Jorgina looked on confused and continued asking questions, until they arrived at a nearby hospital. 
Jack radioed Katherine and told her the three were safe and on their way to the hospital. He asked about Cindi and the others.  She said, “We have another team that is on the way for them. Just stay with Jacob, Jorgina, and Sarah Beth if you would. Their parents have been notified, and they are catching a plane to Santa Fe. Then they will rent a car and drive to the hospital. Thanks again, Jack for everything. You’ve been a true life saver.”
For the first time in a long time, Jack felt good about himself. Not only had he saved them, in an odd way, the campers had saved him too.

**********

Chapter 27
Campers Reunited
The search and rescue helicopter came back for the rest of the campers and took them back to the bunkhouse. Katherine, Blake, Cole, Daisy, the other campers, and counselors were waiting outside for them. When Cindi, C.J., and the others stepped off the helicopter, they were greeted by applause and cheers, worthy of true heroes. Even though most of the people there didn’t know each other, they started embracing and welcoming them back.
After they had a chance to eat and relax, Katherine asked Cindi to come into her office. She felt sick to her stomach and couldn’t imagine what Katherine would say. “I’ve got some good news and some bad news,” Katherine began.
“Go ahead and tell me the bad news first,” said Cindi as she hung her head down, knowing she was probably going to be fired.
“I’ve have been trying to contact C.J.’s parents. None of the numbers on her forms work. I’ve contacted the police to see if they could locate her father, Sean Valentine. They found that he is locked up in prison on assault charges in Arizona. Apparently, she has an eighteen–year-old brother named Dale, but we don’t know where he is. I’m going to call CPS and ask them to take her.”
“No,” said Cindi. “I will be responsible for her. She doesn’t need to be in foster care. She’s been through too much already. She says her brother will come for her, but in the meanwhile, I’d like for her to stay with me. I’ll be responsible for her.”
“We need to talk to her about that and the proper authorities,” said Katherine. 
“Can she just stay with me until we get all the legal issues resolved?” asked Cindi.
“Yes, we can, now for the good news. Cindi, you have been with me as long as I’ve owned the camp. You’ve been loyal, and I know you care about each camper that comes here. I’ve found a major investor who wrote me a huge check and wants me to make this a year-round camp.”
“Wow, who?” asked Cindi.
“Jorgina’s parents. They were waiting for her when she arrived at the hospital and even though she is injured, they are amazed at the change in her.  They want her to have a family-like place to live when they are away, which is pretty much all the time. Also, they want her to be away from the media, so she will be able to live a normal life like any other teenager. She’s going to enroll in school with my kids, and we are going to tell everyone she is our cousin. They think that will help keep her out of trouble. Of course, from time to time, she will fly back to Dallas and visit her friends and family, but they’ve talked it over with her, and Jorgina is excited about staying here after the summer is over.”
“I actually think that would be good for her. I think deep down, she’s a good kid. She’s just been screaming for someone to notice her and pay her some attention. You will definitely have to lay down some rules though,” said Cindi.
“So will you stay on and be my first full-time employee? I’d like to offer you the job of head counselor. Both Jorgina and her parents want you here. Jorgina has gone on and on about you to her parents. She will stay with me in our home, and you will train all the other counselors and serve as our crisis counselor.  I believe you have seen everything, and can handle anything. We will have to spend a lot of time planning which direction we want the camp to go. I’ve been flooded with calls by parents who want their kids to come here, which is surprising. I think Jorgina’s parents spread the word.”
“Wow, this is really unexpected,” said Cindi breathing a sigh of relief, “but I think it will be an amazing opportunity. I accept.” Katherine’s kids were ease dropping. They came in the office and cheered!
“Great, now call C.J. in please,” Katherine asked her youngest son.
C.J. came into Katherine’s office and began talking before anyone had a chance to say anything. “I’m sorry. I know I did wrong by leaving when you told me to stay.”
“That’s not why we called you in,” said Katherine. “It looks like you don’t have any parents to come for you, and I think we need to call C.P.S.”
“No, please. I know my brother will eventually come for me. I can’t be put in foster care. You don’t know what it’s like to lose everyone and everything you care about,” said C.J. crying.
“Yes, I do know C.J., and that is why I told Katherine I’d like for you to come live with me, if you want to. I know I can’t replace your parents, but I’d like to offer you a forever home, a place you can live until you graduate from high school or as long as you want. I’m offering you a place you can come to during the holidays, or whenever you need some place to stay. I want to be that someone who will be there for you as long as you live. You need to finish your education and although you’re good at taking care of yourself, I think it’s time you had someone to take care of you,” said Cindi as she put her arm around C.J. and drew her towards her.
C.J. cried and nodded. “I’d like to have a forever family, but I still hope Dale comes back too.” 
“I know. We’ll help you find him, and he will have a place to live too. It’s going to be alright. Katherine has said we can stay here the rest of the summer, and that we can stay on the rest of the year too because she is going to make this a year round camp. She got a major investor that is paying to keep the camp opened year round, and she wants me to be the head counselor. Can you believe it? You can help out with the other counselors as their assistant. What do you say C.J.?” asked Cindi. “Of course, I’ll contact your father and talk the situation over with him.”
“They found him?” asked C.J. excited but leery.
“Yes, unfortunately, he is in prison on assault charges. He will be there another ten more years.”
C.J. teared up. “He’s really not a bad person.”
“I’m sure of that,” said Cindi, “because he has a great daughter. I’ll take you to see him just as soon as we can, so I’ll ask you again, would you like to live with me?”
“Yes,” C.J. said with a smile. She was sad thinking about her father, but she thought it was time to let someone help her for a change. She loved the outdoors, the camp, and Cindi. Inside, she thought the plan might just work out.
Eugene called his parents, and they said they would be there as soon as they could to pick him up. He had never been good at sports or any outdoor activities but during the course of the last two weeks, he had done things he never thought were possible. He had forgotten all about his suspenders and calculator and made more friends at Camp Clearwater than he had ever had before. Reflecting, he felt like it was the best experience of his life. He decided he would like to become a doctor like Jack and talked non-stop until his parents arrived. Everyone gave him a hug as he gathered his things and drove off.
Charlie’s mom almost didn’t recognize him when she picked him up. “You look like you are skin and bones,” she said when she looked at him. He looked at his reflection in the mirror, and even he was surprised at what he saw. His face was much thinner and he actually had the beginnings of some muscles. Instead of slumping over as he usually did, he threw his shoulders back and walked like a man to his car peering at newly grown muscles. His mother said, “Oh baby, let me get your suitcase for you. You’ve been through so much; you don’t need to be lifting anything.”
“Don’t worry about it. I’ve got it,” Charlie said with pride as he flexed his arm muscle. He felt more confident than he had ever before in his life. Before leaving, he asked Katherine for Sarah Beth’s and Maria’s numbers, and she gave them to him. He gave everyone a hug, a smile, and a flex as he left.
Cody called his mom, and she said she would get there as soon as she could, but that it might take a while. Cody couldn’t help but notice Katherine’s pretty thirteen-year-old daughter Daisy standing in a corner. He walked over to her and said, “You know I hurt my lips while I was lost in the wilderness.”
Naively, she took a closer look and leaned in to take a closer look. “Really?” she asked.
“Yes, so you better kiss me and make it better,” Cody said with a crooked smile.
Daisy didn’t know whether to laugh or run away, so she stood there frozen with her brows knitted, and laughed.
“Haven’t we met before? You sure do look like my next girlfriend,” he continued.
“Where’s the bathroom?” asked Luna. “I think I’m going to throw up. Daisy, don’t go falling for any of his stupid lines,” she added as she looked her way.
“You know it’s a good thing I’ve got my library card,” said Cody. “Because Daisy, I’m checking you out.”
Cindi rolled her eyes, sighed loudly, then she and C.J. busted out laughing.
Their laughter didn’t stop Cody. He kept spitting out lines like a runaway train. “I’ve been blinded by your beauty, Daisy. I’m going to need your number for insurance purposes.” Cody continued, “So give it to me,” he said as he pretended to enter it into his imaginary phone.
“I guess he’s back to his old self,” said Cindi. “Luna, did you reach your parents yet?”
Luna’s eyes looked straight down. The mood in the room became cold and tense as she hung her head. “My mom said she too busy to come get me. She said that I still have a few more days before I’m supposed to be home. I told you there is bad chemistry in my family. I had made up my mind that I was going to do whatever it took to get along with her and that I would forgive her for all the times she let me down.  I nearly got killed and she doesn’t care.” She turned her head away so no one could see her tears.
“Don’t worry, Luna. You can stay here with C.J. and me. It will all work out. She’ll probably change her mind. I could call her if you like,” offered Cindi.
“It won’t do any good. You don’t know her. She doesn’t want me and never has,” said Luna.
“I’m sure that’s not true,” said Cindi.
“Yes it is,” insisted Luna.
“There’s no such thing as an unwanted person. I’m sure there is someone who wants you, and I want you to know you can stay with me as long as you want,” said Cindi.
“Thanks,” said Luna. She accepted the offer and gathered all her things and asked where she should put everything.
“Katherine is letting is have the bunkhouse all to ourselves. We will have plenty of room to stretch out. I need to check on Jorgina, Sarah Beth, Jacob, and Maria before we get everything situated,” said Cindi.
Katherine noticed Jack walk through the door. He looked tired. “Thank you for all your help. You saved several kids lives. I don’t know what we would have all done without you.” With a long pause Katherine continued, “I’ve been thinking; it would be nice to have a camp doctor on staff here to deal with emergencies. Would you be interested in the job? I not only would like for you to stay here at the camp, but I really need you to stay too.”
He bit his bottom lip holding back a smile and said, “You really want me to stay on here?”
“Yes, like I said, you saved the day; for that matter, you saved my entire camp,” said Katherine.
“In that case, I accept your offer. Yes, I will stay on as your camp doctor.”
“Great, I’m going to renovate one of the boy’s bunkhouse, and we can make part of it living quarters for you and the other part a clinic if you think that would work,” offered Katherine.
“Can I still keep my cabin I built?” asked Jack.
“Of course, you can,” she said.
“I’ve called the hospital and checked on Jacob, Sarah Beth, and Jorgina. They are all doing fine. The hospital is giving them all VIP treatment, and they say everyone will be fine,” said Jack. “Let me get cleaned up, and we can all go visit them.”
About that time, Cody’s mother and sister drove up, and he got all his belongings. He tried to give all the girls and women hugs before he got in his car, but Luna pushed him away. He shrugged like it was her loss and not his. Then he went back to Daisy and said, “Do you believe in love at first sight?”
She just laughed and covered her mouth with her hand.
“Well if you need me to I can walk by you again I will before I get in my car,” he said chuckling.
“Good bye, Cody,” Cindi and Jack said as they smiled and waved as he walked out.
“He’ll never change,” said Cindi. Luna agreed and then looked over at Daisy. 
“That poor girl, I can tell by looking at her that she’s already got a bad case of Cody-itis and let me tell you it’s a pain to get rid of,” said Luna as she looked at her with pity.
Jack went back to his cabin using one of Katherine’s four-wheelers and some of Katherine’s helpers went with him, so he could get his out of the mud while C.J., Luna, and Cindi showered and rested.
When Jack returned, he no longer looked like a wild mountain man with raggedy clothes but was clean shaven, and wearing a freshly starched shirt and a clean pair of jeans. Cindi took a double take and couldn’t help but smile at how handsome he looked. She thought she must be dreaming because he looked like an older even more handsome version his brother. Her heart began to flutter, and she felt her cheeks redden.
 She, Luna, C.J., and Katherine all went to see Sarah Beth, Jacob and Jorgina, who were recovering nicely. They were all amazed at how great and different Jack looked. He talked to their doctors and reported the good news that they should all be able to go back to their homes in a day or two.

**********

Chapter 28
Epilogue: One Month Later
Sarah Beth’s mother laughed. It wasn’t the first time, but it was the first time in a long time. She and Sarah Beth had both turned over new leaves. It was amazing for Sarah Beth to have her mother back. The smell of mac and cheese and hamburgers filled the air. Her mother had never been one to cook since her father had left, but she was slowly beginning to.
“Beth can you please get the table set?” her mother asked. Sarah Beth got up and walked to their pale blue colored dining room. Her mother had liked the idea of painting it blue because she said she enjoyed having a sky inside on rainy days. Sarah Beth had once hated the light shade, and the lights that made it look like the sun, but now she smiled at all of it. Pink, red, and yellow flowers overtook the middle of the table, and the smell of the hamburgers lingered throughout the whole house.
“How many seats?”  Sarah Beth asked.
“Isn’t everyone coming?” answered her mother.
“Yes,” she said, and she began counting on her fingers, “There’s Eugene, Maria, Jorgina, C.J. , Cody, Charlie, Luna, Cindi, Jack, Katherine and her kids, and of course Jacob. It seemed like a lifetime since they had all been together. As soon as the table was set, the door bell rang.
“Beth, go get the door please,” her mother said as Sarah Beth sprung towards it. Jorgina walked in carrying a cake.
“Wow that it totally epic!” exclaimed Sarah Beth as she admired it.
“Yeah, I know. My mom called Cake Boss, and they made it look just like Camp Clearwater. Look they made every single one of us,” Jorgina said beaming. After setting it down, she started pointing to the main entrance, the base camp, their bunkhouse, the rapids, and Jack’s cabin. Everything was perfectly proportioned.
The next person to arrive was Cody. He looked more grown up. Of course, his hair looked perfect. After giving the girls a hug, he studied the cake, and he too couldn’t believe all the precise details.
“Luna’s here,” said Sarah Beth. “Her mother never came for her, and so my mom offered to adopt her. It’s working out great to have her here.”
Luna came down the stairs, smiling and looking like a million dollars. She stood tall and proud and was pleasant to Cody although she really didn’t want to be around him. He was shocked by how good she looked. Turning on the charm he said, “Are you a parking ticket? ‘Cause you have fine written all over you.”
Luna rolled her eyes, admired the cake, and went to answer the door. Eugene had gotten contacts and some new clothes which were stylish. He was more social and real, not so much of a know-it-all. He seemed different to everyone and in a weird way almost as cool as the cake.
C.J., Cindi, and Jack all came together. Jack looked so handsome after he had cleaned himself up. The three of them had driven together instead of flying even though Jorgina’s parents offered to pay for their plane tickets. They stopped on the way in Odessa and got things Jack had in storage that he would need to set up a clinic at Camp Clearwater. 
Excitedly, he started telling everyone about his new plans to enlarge his cabin. He was adding three more bedrooms, a den, another bathroom, and making his kitchen and dining area larger because he wanted to have plenty of room for guests. He extended an open invitation to everyone there.
Everyone couldn’t take their eyes off of C. J. who had her red hair combed in a French braid. She was wearing a cute top and jeans. She seemed peaceful and happy as she told everyone about the papers being filed for her adoption. Dale had been writing her and was coming the following week to visit her. She was more than excited to see him and babbled on to everyone about all the changes at Camp Clearwater.
Jack beamed and had his arm around Cindi the whole night. He never left her side. They, along with C.J., smiled the entire evening. They looked like they all belonged together.
“Hello,” Sarah Beth said as three kids came barreling inside. “We were just talking about you guys.”
“Yes, my kids are just excited to see everyone again,” said Katherine as she told her kids to calm down. Her flight had arrived a little later than expected. Her daughter Daisy, headed straight over to Cody and he started in on a series of his many pick up lines.
The doorbell rang again and outside stood Maria and Charlie who were holding hands. Maria looked a little embarrassed when everyone looked at them. She released Charlie’s hand instantly, but he immediately grabbed for it again. “I’ve got you. It’ll be alright,” said Charlie as they both entered and smiled at everyone.
“I hope no one will be mad at me,” whispered Maria.
“They’re not mad,” assured Charlie. He began telling about how Maria’s family had sold their farm and had moved to a neighborhood close to Charlie’s. Then they told everyone about how they were taking martial arts classes together. “It seems like someone is missing?” said Charlie.
Sarah Beth was growing tense. At last, Jacob arrived. He had been nervous and eager all day to see Sarah Beth. Not ever having a girlfriend before, he felt awkward and didn’t know what to say or do. “Yeah, Sarah Beth you look beautiful tonight. Thanks for having all of us over.” With his cast off, he had one of his arms behind his back. 
“Did you bring me flowers or something?” asked Sarah Beth.
“No, it’s just a football. I was wondering if anyone wanted to throw the ball around,” said Jacob.
Sarah Beth looked disappointed.
“I’m only kidding. Yes, I have flowers for you.” And then he presented her with a beautiful bouquet of mixed flowers, which she loved. She drew them to her face to hide her blushing smile and twinkling eyes. “Sorry I’m late. I wanted to get these for you,” Jacob said as he blushed too.
All night, everyone talked and laughed reliving each moment shared together from when they first got off the bus, until they were rescued.  Katherine invited everyone back to Camp Clearwater, and said they all deserved to go white water rafting and do everything the brochure promised. They agreed they would. 
Each person there exchanged numbers and promises that they would return to Camp Clearwater every year on the last weekend in June. Plans were made to also meet there the week after Christmas. Everyone agreed Camp Clearwater changed their lives and created a bond that could never be broken.

**********

Author Contributions
Isabella Smith is fourteen. She loves reading and writing. Ever since she was in the sixth grade, she wanted to be published. Currently, she has published numerous poems and short stories. She speaks her mind openly, but she is not a bully like her character, Sarah Beth. Being mean in the book was out of character for her. She has great technical skills and used those to create our website and many YouTube’s promoting Camp Clearwater.
Samantha Tolleson developed the character of Luna Elric. She is thirteen and loves to draw, and read Greek mythology. When she is in the mood to be creative, she works on her own book. People think she is calm and collected, but when she gets mad, she does her best writing.
 Brett Yordy wrote the character of Jacob Burton. He likes all sports and eating tacos. He was born in Louisana and loves to fish and hunt, however his favorite sport is boxing. Both Brett and his character are athletic. He and his father designed the Camp Clearwater sign shown on the cover. He is almost thirteen and will be in the 8th grade. Whenever he has free time, he is usually skateboarding.
Jorgina was written by Alexis Rodriguez. Alexis is a lot like her character.  She does like heels and going all out when it comes to her clothes, but she is not as preppy. She dresses to impress, and she’s the type of girl that loves to do crazy, random things! Alexis listens to Drake, Louie Evol, Frank Ocean, T.I, Chris Brown, and Nicki Minaj. She’s very outgoing and is always doing the unthinkable! “Live life to the fullest and don’t regret anything!”
S.J.H created the juicy character of C.J. when she was at home with her mother, watching Blind Side. She likes writing, reading, music, movies, and sleeping. Most kids think she listens to screamo, but she mainly likes Nickelback, Green Day and Linkin Park. The character of C.J. on the cover is portrayed by Jaycee Mitchell, one of Mrs. Hedgecock’s Pre-AP ELA students.
Joe Johnson invented the character, Eugene Eddweiser. He 12 years old and was born in Iowa. He moved to Texas at the age of six because his mother wanted him to have a better education, and his family lived in Texas. He likes playing football and basketball. He really never liked writing until he met his homeroom teacher, Mrs. Hedgecock. She helped him learn about the wonderful world of writing. Now, he is a great writer and includes writing as one of his many hobbies. 
Carlston Bladen developed the character of Cody Richardson. He will be in the 7th grade in the fall and is very intelligent. He loves sports and is an all-around good kid. He was born in Dallas and has always been a Texan. The one thing he likes more than writing is Italian food. It wasn’t hard for Carlston to write the character of Cody because they are very similar.
Kaleigh Miller was born in Oklahoma City, Oklahoma. When she was six, she moved to Texas. She is eleven-years-old and loves the color purple. She is very close to her grandmother. She loves to shop at Hollister and Van’s stores. She wrote the part of Katherine Starkey, the owner of Camp Clearwater, and her three children. She plays the part of Daisy Starkey, Katherine’s only daughter, on the cover of the book.
Andrew H. began the character of Charlie. He didn’t get to finish his part because he had to unexpectedly move. He was smitten by Sarah Beth all during the writing of our book. The rest of the Rising Authors continued writing his part after he moved and tried to stay true to his character. Jaden Caruthers portrays Charlie on the cover of Camp Clearwater.
The character of Maria was created by Emily W. during the first semester of the year. She loves animals, art, and writing. On the cover of our book, her character, the girl with the hood covering, is portrayed by S.J.H. 
Jaden Carothers wrote the character of Jack, the mysterious mountain man. Jaden is twelve-years-old and enjoys playing basketball. He likes country music, rock and roll, and is also interested in online gaming. It was hard for him to come up with a character, which lost everything yet found the strength to rescue the campers in Camp Clearwater.
Carolyn Hedgecock, the teacher of the Rising Authors, created the character of Cindi. This is the second collaborative novel she has written with her students. Two years ago the Rising Authors wrote Locker Letters. She has been teaching Pre-AP ELA and reading at North Oaks for the last eighteen years and Rising Authors for three years. She has had several magazine articles, devotionals, and poems published. Besides reading, writing, and teaching, she loves to spend time with her family, scrapbook, garden, and travel. The setting of Camp Clearwater was inspired by Red River, New Mexico, which is where she and her family vacationed for over fifteen years. She wants to congratulate the Rising Authors for all the hours of writing, revising, and editing they put into the book. They are a joy and inspiration to teach!
###
Camp Clearwater: The Website

The Rising Authors of North Oaks
The Rising Authors are a select group of students who set out on a mission to become published authors. They started writing a short story that, over the span of eight months, became a novel. Each student, along with their teacher, created a unique character; and together they took their characters and themselves on a journey of self-discovery.  In collaboration with over 100 high school students, who became their editors and graphic designers, these students achieved the publication of their first novel: Camp Clearwater.
