MOUS Investigations
Case of the Docile Dhampir

Written By: Steven Sterup Jr.
Copyright 2019 Steven Sterup Jr.

Legal Disclaimer - This is a work of fiction. Names, characters, businesses, places, events, and incidents are either the products of the author’s imagination or used in a fictitious manner. Any resemblance to actual persons, living or dead, or actual events is purely coincidental.

Book Cover Art by 100 Covers.
Special thanks to my wife, Tammy. Without her support, none of this would have been possible.


Table of Contents
Prologue
Chapter 1
Chapter 2
Chapter 3
Chapter 4
Chapter 5
Chapter 6
Chapter 7
Chapter 8
Chapter 9
Chapter 10
Chapter 11
Chapter 12
Chapter 13
Chapter 14
Chapter 15
Chapter 16
Chapter 17
Chapter 18
Chapter 19
Chapter 20
Chapter 21
Chapter 22
Chapter 23
Chapter 24

Prologue
Conner Mousman stuck his head around the corner of the large brick building and stared down the alley. It was hard to make out much besides the curvy blonde stepping into the light halfway down. It took his eyes a minute to adjust before he saw the garbage cans hiding in the shadows. Thankfully, that was all that was hiding there tonight.
Connor’s blue jeans, dark shirt, and black jacket protected him from the night air. Not only did his clothing provide warmth, they also served as camouflage on the dark street at a little after midnight. He marveled at Rebecca’s indifference to the elements. Any normal woman wearing her black dress, which barely covered her curves, would have at least had goosebumps. It had no sleeves and an abundant amount of cleavage. The sight alone told Connor that, as careful as he had been, Rebecca knew he was there. Connor was quickly approaching fifty, but the woman who appeared to be in her mid-twenties was far older than he was.
He couldn’t help but stare as the beautiful blonde brushed her long hair off her shoulders and smiled while she approached a door halfway down the alley. Connor’s wife had died nearly ten years ago, but this woman looked just like her. Not similar, not a decent look-a-like, Rebecca Engels WAS Lynda Mousman at twenty-two. The dress she wore and even the stiletto heels were identical to the first time Connor had met his late wife. He knew it was an illusion, but he couldn’t stop the thoughts that urged him onward.
Dhampir didn’t kill humans, not intentionally. Maybe he could have one night with the woman who, for all intents and purposes, was Lynda Mousman. Rebecca would drain his life force and leave him feeling like he had been hit by a truck, but he would never get a chance like this again.
Connor waited and shook with nerves he had forgotten he had. He’d been following and spying on people for nearly thirty years. He absentmindedly ran his fingers through his grizzled beard that had recently become more white than brown. Maybe spending the night with her would also provide him with the answers he sought. He knew it was a rationalization but following her was certainly not getting him anywhere. Especially now that she knew he was there.
He started down the dark alley, still shaking. He wanted to call it fear, but it wasn’t fear. He was not afraid of the two-century-old dhampir; he was nervous. Like he had been the first night he had met Lynda. Would Rebecca act like Lynda, speak like her? Would she smell like his late wife? The one he still dreamt of. The one who haunted his every waking moment. The reason he had never wanted to date anyone, despite his daughters’ insistence. Was Rebecca really Lynda in every way that mattered?
Connor stopped and ran both hands through his hair, which was turning white faster than his beard. He pulled at the strands and struggled with himself.
Rebecca neared the door, her heavenly features accentuated by the light above it, then stuck out her right hand. She motioned for him to follow with her index finger but didn’t turn to face him. Then she vanished through the door.
Connor quickly pulled out his cell phone and nearly dropped it before laughing at his teenage jitters. With childish excitement, he hit the only number programmed into his phone and waited.
“Did you find her dad?” Connor’s daughter, Cassy, asked with anticipation.
“Yes, honey,” he answered too cheerfully for Cassy to tolerate.
“Don’t do anything stupid. It’s not mom,” Cassy warned.
“I know it’s not your mother…but…,” Connor started, and Cassy interrupted.
“It’s just an illusion. I knew I should have been the one to follow her. Just come home, Dad,” she ordered, though it sounded more like begging.
“I can find out who your real parents were,” Connor argued.
“I don’t care. Losing you to find them isn’t worth it,” Cassy stated.
“Dhampir don’t kill humans,” Connor rationalized.
Cassy didn’t know how to answer. She sat there for a moment, going over it in her head, while Connor waited for his adopted daughter’s approval.
She knew exactly how her dad was going to get the information from Rebecca. She also knew the price he would have to pay for it, as well as why her dad would be gone all night. She didn’t blame him. She was just worried. A dhampir would never intentionally kill a human, but there were instances of humans who became fixated on the illusion the dhampir created. These poor souls couldn’t break free and would either commit suicide by convincing the dhampir for a second night or become so obsessed that they drove themselves mad.
“It’ll be fine, dear. I won’t see her again. I’ll find out what she knows about your parents then leave,” he stated, and Cassy could hear the joy in her father’s voice.
She couldn’t deny him this one chance to remember his wife in a way no other creature could provide. She was worried, but she also knew that he would never get another chance like this. Dhampir weren’t exactly popping out of the woodwork. It took a miracle for one to even be born, let alone survive as long as Rebecca had. Rebecca might be his last chance to say goodbye to Lynda.
Cassy knew a lot about dhampir, thanks to her father’s research. They were very magical creatures compared to their parents. The vampire parent gave them their long life but was unable to use magic in any way. The human parent could, if properly trained, wield some magic but only in its most basic form. The abilities of the dhampir were both mysterious and unexplainable. How could two of the least magical beings produce one of the most gifted? This was the reason for their rarity. If they managed to survive birth, they were usually locked up and studied or killed out of fear. Vampires and humans alike hated what dhampir were capable of. The illusion was a lie so powerful that no one could tell the difference between the original and the copy.
“One night. No more. You can never go back. Just be careful,” Cassy said. “I love you, and I’ll talk to you tomorrow.”
“Cassy, I’ll be…” Connor started then Cassy heard a thud and the loud crash of something heavy hitting garbage cans. Next, she heard her dad’s cellphone hit the pavement and her dad shouting. “What do you want?! Wait!” Then she heard her dad scream in agony and another sickening thud followed by complete silence.
“Dad! DAD!!!” Cassy screamed, but there was no answer, then the line went dead.

Chapter 1
Zachary Nielson marched along the hall of cubicles toward an open door. The papers in his hand scraped across his face as he adjusted his tie and straightened his blue suit jacket one more time. Shana, the gorgeous redhead at the end of this journey, looked as indifferent as ever. Even if he had been the only man in the office, she still wouldn’t have noticed him. He wasn’t sure why he kept trying to impress her other than his hope that someday she might pay attention.
One day she might take a look up at his tall, muscular frame and say ‘why not?’ Or maybe he’d look down at her beautiful green eyes and those eyes would look back with the same desire. One look at his trimmed black hair and silvery eyes and she’d wonder why she’d never considered him before. Other women found him attractive, though not usually women he was interested in. Zach had a specific type of woman in mind, and Shana was nearly perfect.
Then as he stood in front of the beautiful Shana, who was more interested in the numbers on her screen than the man in front of her, he remembered why she would never see him.
It wasn’t about looks, nor age. It had nothing to do with his sharp suits nor how many times he was kind to her only to get apathy as payment. It had everything to do with the fact that he was flat broke. A low-level accountant at Carlson and Carlson didn’t make enough money to interest Shana. What was more, every time he spoke to her, he was reminded that, despite her beauty, she was a cold bitch.
“Here are the reports, Shana,” Zach said as he placed them on her desk. She stared at them then looked up at him. That was the look. The one that said, ‘who are you, and why are you bothering me?’ Then she stared at her expensive looking watch.
“I needed those an hour ago, Matt,” she barked.
“It’s Zach,” he corrected.
“Whatever,” she said and returned her focus to her computer screen.
“And you said by noon. It’s eleven thirty. I’m early,” he said hopefully. Maybe this would be the day she looked beyond his finances. Surely there was more to Shana than the cold-hearted bitch she portrayed. Perhaps it was her job as head of this department which made her act like this. Zach was willing to give her a chance if she could just look beyond his monetary shortcomings.
Shana pulled her gaze from her screen and gave him another stare. This one wasn’t as harsh, but he still got the impression that she was annoyed by his presence.
“Oh.” She picked up the reports Zach had placed on her desk. “Sorry. Thought these were the Barnes reports.”
“No. That’s Matt. I’m Zach, remember?” he asked.
She flipped through the pages quickly, placed them back on her desk then returned her focus to her computer screen.
“Yeah, sorry,” she said absentmindedly. As Zach was about to leave, she pulled her attention from her screen, turned her head at an angle, and gave Zach her full attention. “Zach Nielson?”
“Yes,” Zach replied. She did know his name. This was the day! Zach stood up straighter, and his smile grew wider.
“Alan wants to see you in his office,” she said then returned to staring at her screen.
“Ok,” Zach replied. He could feel his posture sinking as he plodded out the door and headed toward the elevators.
His boss, Alan Carlson, had an office on the top floor. It was only a two story building but, after another depressing conversation with Shana, he just didn’t have the energy to walk up the stairs.
As soon as he hit the button for the second floor, he regretted his decision. It seemed that even the elevator music was taunting him. It was some country song he had heard a million times about a lonely farmer who couldn’t win the girl of his dreams. The end of the song gave Zach yet another punch in the gut. The man ended up broken and alone, with only his dog to keep him company. Zach thought that maybe the universe was trying to tell him something. Perhaps he would end up alone, with a dog, on some farm in the middle of nowhere. That was certainly the way his life was headed…minus the dog and the farm.
When Zach reached the top floor, he got out of the elevator, took a deep breath, and tried to shake off yet another cold shoulder from Shana. Mostly, the employees on this floor were busily working away in their offices as he made his way down the long hall. At the final office, he turned and smiled kindly at Sheri Carlson, Alan’s daughter, and partner. Strangely, Sheri didn’t look him in the eye for more than a second before she averted her gaze.
What was going on? Something gnawed at Zach’s brain. Something deep inside told him that something was very wrong, but he pushed it away. Perhaps it was just his mind playing tricks on him. The conversation with Shana had put him in a bad mood. Sheri wasn’t like Shana. It was probably all in his head.
Sheri wasn’t really his type. She was blonde, way too skinny, and on top of that, she was gay. Sheri wasn’t his type, but she was his friend. Or at least he thought so. He couldn’t count the times Sheri and he had gone out for drinks after work. And now she couldn’t even look at him? Something really strange was happening. As much as he tried to push them down, the nagging feelings grew stronger as he approached Alan’s office.
At the end of the hall, Zach reached his destination. He knocked and, at first, Alan smiled then the smile faded. Alan’s smile vanished as his brow furrowed, then the man’s lips tightened. He waved for Zach to come in, but something about his look and body language was off. Like the whole thing had been rehearsed. Alan looked like a man pretending to be angry, but the fear and guilt he tried to hide were still visible.
Something really weird was happening, and Zach had a horrible feeling as he opened the door. Like one of his dreams. The ones where he showed up late for work…in only his underwear. Something bad was about to happen. He could feel it in his bones. The more he tried to quiet his inner voice, the one practically screaming at him, the more nervous he became. This was going to be bad.
“What’s going on, Alan?” Zach asked. He had done nothing to elicit this kind of response from Alan. Why did he look so upset?
“Have a seat,” Alan replied.
Zach sat down as Alan stood up. Something really weird and scary was happening. Alan wasn’t exactly his friend, but they were friendly to each other. His daughter, Sheri, was one of Zach’s closest friends. There had been many nights where Zach had been over for supper. Alan was sweating and tapping his fingers. Was he angry or nervous? And why did the man look so guilty every time he glanced Zach's way?
Alan walked slowly and put his hands in his pockets to stop his fidgeting. Alan stood a few inches shorter than Zach and nearly a hundred pounds heavier. His balding head and grey goatee made him look older than he was. The man was, more than likely, in his late forties but Zach could swear he looked like he was pushing sixty.
“Son. I’m disappointed,” Alan started.
“Why?” Zach asked, while his inner voice yelled, ‘I told you so!’ Despite feeling like he wanted to run, Zach kept his voice even and calm. At least his exterior voice was. The one inside his head was anything but calm and very loud.
“We’re going to have to let you go,” Alan said. Something funny WAS happening. Alan was firing him? Why?!
“I don’t understand,” Zach protested.
“I know about the money,” Alan said and looked at Zach with condescension, but it didn’t quite seem sincere.
Zach didn’t believe the look on Alan’s face. Something was off. His new look was like the one from before. It looked forced, almost rehearsed. And what money was he talking about?
“What money?” Zach asked, this time repeating what his inner voice wouldn’t stop asking.
Alan picked up a stack of papers from his desk and shook them while he spoke.
“You’ve been stealing a little here, a little there. Stuff no one would miss. Nearly a hundred thousand dollars by my count,” Alan said. His fake anger wasn’t convincing Zach. Alan was being far too adamant but, Zach had to admit, shaking the papers was a nice touch. It was a good thing Alan hadn’t gone into acting. He was a much better accountant than he was an actor and that wasn’t saying much. Alan was Sheri’s partner in name, but Sheri was the brains behind this business.
Was this some kind of joke? Zach hadn’t stolen any money. If he had, he wouldn’t be behind on his rent and utilities. He also wouldn’t be eating frozen dinners every night. In fact, if he had stolen the money, Shana would probably be asking him out for dinner instead of constantly forgetting his name. Then realization struck. Someone was setting him up. This wasn’t a joke at all.
“This is a mistake, Alan!” Zach shouted and rose to his feet. “I didn’t do this!” Zach knew it was useless, but what choice did he have? Sit there and take these false accusations or fight. Zach chose to fight. He liked this job. He liked the people he worked with. Well, most of them. But, most importantly, he really needed this job.
“Knock off the act, Zach,” Alan said and for a second Zach saw compassion on Alan’s face. Alan quickly hid the mistake, but Zach had seen it. Was someone forcing Alan to say this? Someone was setting him up, and Alan knew the truth. Zach could see it on Alan’s face. The man didn’t believe his own words. Perhaps that was the reason for the lack-luster performance.
“I swear…” Zach started.
“I don’t care about the money. Keep it. I won’t be pressing charges. The damage to our reputation is worth far more than a hundred thousand dollars.” Alan turned to face away from Zach, but before he did, Zach caught the look. Alan was upset, but it wasn’t anger, it was regret. He knew Zach hadn’t done it. Someone WAS forcing Alan to do this but who and why?
“Sir. I really didn’t steal the money,” Zach said adamantly. Maybe he could get Alan to change his mind. It already looked like the man was struggling with the decision to fire him. If he could just get Alan to tell the truth.
“Son.” Alan still wouldn’t turn around. He held the papers out behind him for Zach. “Look at the reports. They’re all accounts you work on. It was you.”
Zach snatched up the stack of papers and quickly flipped through them. He felt his stomach sink, but now was not the time to give up.
“I didn’t do this, Alan,” Zach said. He couldn’t deny the numbers on the sheet. Alan was telling the truth about the report, but these weren’t real. They couldn’t be! Someone was taking a hundred dollars here, a thousand dollars there. By some quick math, it looked like one percent from each transaction. But it hadn’t been him. Alan’s behavior, the fake numbers; someone wanted him gone and was forcing Sheri and Alan to do it.
It was the only scenario that made sense. Sheri was the only one with access besides Alan and Alan couldn’t fake these reports to save his life. Someone had convinced both of them to perpetrate this ridiculous lie.
Zach felt his anger fade and acceptance sink in. There was no way to prove he hadn’t done this. Sheri had done an incredible job faking these reports. He assumed the data on the server would support the same conclusion, that he had stolen the money. With no recourse and no arguments left Zach’s posture slumped again.
“Get your stuff. Leave before I have to call the cops.” Alan turned and stared at Zach, but there was no anger. There was pity in Alan’s stare.
“I’ll get to the bottom of this. I’ll…I’ll…,” Zach said with the last of his hope, not sure what to say next. The reports were fake, sure, but Alan already knew that. Alan knew he hadn’t stolen any money. Arguing that he hadn’t done it was pointless. No one here believed he had done it, but someone wanted Zach gone, and Alan was being forced to do it.
“No. You won’t.” Alan’s sad stare continued as he put his hand gently on Zach’s shoulder and started walking him to the door. “You are no longer allowed on Carlson and Carlson property, and you can’t take those papers with you. Leave your keycard at the front desk, and if you come back, I’ll be forced to call the cops.” Alan grabbed the reports from Zach’s hand.
“But…” Zach protested with the last of his energy.
“Let it go, Zach. Please. Nothing good will come from this. Just let it go,” Alan said and nearly pushed Zach out of his door then shut it.
As Zach made his way back toward the elevator, he caught Sheri’s sad look before she averted her eyes again. Sheri didn’t look like she wanted any part of this either. They were both being forced to propagate this outrageous lie but by whom? Who could force the owners of a company this size to frame one of their employees? And the more puzzling question was why? Why him?

Chapter 2
Zach’s tie was hanging from his right pants pocket, his shirt was untucked, and the top button was undone as he summoned just enough energy to push the bar door open. Once inside, the smell of cheap beer and cheaper perfume only served to worsen his mood. He had been to this bar quite often but never on a Tuesday and never this late.
This bar was near his house. It was the one he and Sheri had spent countless nights at, laughing, joking, and picking up girls together. Well, Sheri had picked up girls, he had failed miserably, as usual. Zach had horrible luck with women. He didn’t know how to talk to them unless they were gay. Sheri was the only woman he had ever been able to have a normal conversation with. Even with the ones who were interested, the ones he didn’t want, he was either sticking his foot in his mouth or insulting them. With Sheri it was easy. There was no pressure. They were just friends, and that was all they ever would be. This brought Zach comfort...until today.
He just hoped he wouldn’t see Sheri tonight. He was upset with her. They weren’t exactly best friends, but they were close friends. Her part in the lie that got him fired really hurt. How could she go along with this?
It was nearly midnight, but he couldn’t sleep. He was just too angry about getting fired for something he didn’t even do. Besides. What did it matter if he drank himself silly? He didn’t have a job any longer. He could stay out all night, get completely smashed, and who would even notice? Tomorrow would be another story. He’d have to start job hunting and figuring out how he was going to pay his rent. He wasn’t about to ask his parents for a loan…not again.
His parents had adopted him as a baby and had given him everything he ever wanted. He was not about to abuse that because he was unable to hold down a job. The two people who cared enough to raise a baby that wasn’t theirs didn’t deserve a screw-up son like him. He had to find a way to make it on his own. Carol and Roger Nielson had never asked for an explanation, never looked at him with disappointment and never, not ever, told him no when it came to money. Somehow disappointment would have been easier. If they had just said no, maybe Zach wouldn’t feel like such a loser. He couldn’t ask them for more money. He needed to do better.
Zach sank into a back booth and wearily held up his hand for the waitress. She nodded, then headed his way. As she reached his booth, a blonde woman, dressed in all black, slid in front of the waitress and took a seat on the other side of Zach.
Her long blonde hair was tied up in a ponytail. She wore a black dress that fit her figure snugly, and she wasn’t skinny like Sheri. This girl had a decent body, but she still wasn’t exactly Zach’s type. He had a thing for redheads and this woman, although pretty, was very blonde. Besides, he was in the mood to get black-out drunk. He didn’t want company. He didn’t want conversation. He just wanted to forget today ever happened. Despite his desire to be alone, he felt the need to be polite. He had been raised never to be rude to anyone, so he made a joke.
“Who died?” Zach asked with a smirk and waited for the woman to respond.
Cassy Mousman looked at Zach with sadness, and he realized his mistake a second too late.
“My dad,” she said. 
“Oh, shit! I’m so sorry!” Zach said frantically. But, this was how it always went with women. He never knew what to say, and most of the time, he scared the woman off with his first sentence. Strangely, the blonde didn’t seem to be that upset by his comment, and she wasn’t leaving. This was something new, and Zach had no idea what to do next. He had already said the worst thing imaginable to a woman who was clearly grieving. How could he top that? Insult her on top of his insensitive remark?
The waitress crossed her arms and stared down at Zach.
“I’ll have a beer,” Zach said to the waitress, partially to avoid addressing the blonde woman and partially to appease the unhappy looking waitress. He didn’t know the waitress’s name, but he had seen her here a few times. She was a somewhat pretty brunette but far too skinny…like Sheri. This waitress was certainly not his type.
Cassy turned her attention to the waitress.
“Red wine. Bring the whole bottle,” she said, and the waitress sped back to the bar.
“You know…I can just get another booth,” Zach said as he stood up. He didn’t have what it took to speak to a woman and, unlike most nights, tonight he just didn’t feel like trying.
“Why? I could use the company,” Cassy stated then grabbed his wrist.
Zach reluctantly sat back down and stared into Cassy’s eyes. He hadn’t noticed them before, but her eyes looked almost unreal. They were the deepest shade of blue he had ever seen. As he stared into them, he was reminded of the time his parents took him to the ocean. The crystal blue water that was so clear and untainted. He could see the fish swimming below their boat. This woman’s eyes looked just as clear, and he couldn’t stop staring at them. He felt so safe and comfortable. He felt like he could stare into her eyes for hours and all his problems would just wash away.
“Cassy,” she said and held out her hand.
“Zach,” he replied and shook Cassy’s hand quickly then forced himself to quit staring at her eyes.
“Don’t be embarrassed. Everyone stares. They’re…unnerving. At least that’s what I’m told,” Cassy said kindly. She brushed a stray wisp of hair from her face to cover her discomfort. The poor woman looked so depressed and, although she tried to hide it, she wasn’t doing a very good job.
Cassy’s eyes were lined with black mascara that was running down her face. Her, once perfect, makeup was smeared in several places. Probably due to wiping the tears, or so Zach assumed.
“Sorry,” Zach replied and refused to look at her eyes. “And unnerving isn’t the word I’d use. Hypnotic, maybe.” Zach laughed softly, which made Cassy smile.
“That’s the first time I’ve heard that one,” she replied.
“I’m sure I’ll get used to them,” Zach said and looked at Cassy’s face again. He made sure to focus on the bridge of her nose, just between her eyes. Hypnotic might have been an understatement. Mesmerizing was probably more accurate. But that would sound like flirting, and he wasn’t about to hit on a woman who had just lost her father. Besides, she wasn’t his type.
“So what are you uncelebrating?” Cassy asked with a laugh.
“Uncelebrating?” Zach asked.
“You know? The opposite of celebrating. You look like your day is going as badly as mine,” Cassy replied with more seriousness.
“While I doubt my day is anywhere near what you went through, I appreciate the sentiment. And I think the word you’re looking for is…” Zach started.
“Don’t say that word. I don’t want to start bawling again,” she said. Her smile looked genuine, but he could still see the sadness on her face.
“Shit. I just keep putting my foot in my mouth, don’t I?” Zach asked. It hadn’t occurred to him that the word grieving would be so painful but, then again, both his parents were still alive. He pitied the pretty blonde across from him. He couldn’t even begin to imagine the sense of loss she must be feeling. In Zach’s life, he hadn’t lost anyone close to him. This poor girl had lost her father. How could she possibly compare it to losing his job?
“So what are you uncelebrating?” she asked again.
“I lost my job. Got fired for something I didn’t do,” Zach replied sharply. The whole idea of it still produced anger. He tried not to think about it, but it was unavoidable.
“What were you?” Cassy asked.
“I was an accountant,” Zach said. “Low level. Just a number cruncher.” Zach lowered his head then they were both eerily silent.
While the two sat in silence, the waitress placed their drinks on the table and headed back to the bar. Zach lifted his up and almost choked when he noticed Cassy lifting the bottle of wine to her mouth. She had completely ignored the glass the waitress had left.
“Damn. You really want to get drunk,” Zach stated then tried once more to sip his beer.
When Cassy had downed about a third of the bottle, she set it on the table, smiled at him, then asked. “You want a job?”
“But I told you I got fired,” he said.
“For something you didn’t do. And I really need an accountant…well, sort of. I need someone who can make sense of my dad’s filing system,” she explained then put the bottle to her lips again and downed another third.
“Umm…” Zach said dumbfounded.
“You got one more drink and about five minutes before I’m too drunk to remember your answer. What’s it going to be?” she asked with a wink and grabbed the neck of the bottle once more.
“Umm…” Zach stuttered.
Cassy lifted the bottle slowly, waiting for Zach’s response.
“You said that already,” she stated.
The way she looked at him, with a grin that was devious and playful, worried him. But as she put the bottle to her lips once more, he felt cornered.
“Ok. Sure.” Zach wasn’t sure what else to say. He did need a job, and this strange woman was offering. Perhaps it was fate that she sat across from him tonight. Not that fate was ever kind to Zach. Most times, it was cruel and laughed at him when he failed. Fate hated Zach, and he was now certain. This had nothing to do with fate.
Cassy put the bottle down on the table without drinking any then stared at him. She looked just as playful and sinister when she leaned in.
“You better finish that quick. We open at eight AM. Be there at seven thirty.” She handed him a business card with the address then lifted the bottle and downed the rest. “Door doesn’t lock so just come right in.”
“Yes…boss,” Zach said then downed the rest of his beer and stood up. He looked at the card and wondered aloud. “M O U S Investigations. Is it mouse or moose? Does that stand for something?”
Cassy shot a strange, sideways glance at Zach.
“I pronounce it mouse. Like the rodent,” she stated.
“But your name is Mousman. Like the thing with antlers,” Zach argued.
“Yes, but even that is pronounced wrong. People pronounce it like its German, but it’s really French. In French, it’s pronounced moo. Sort of like the sound a cow makes, only softer. Which is funny, because mous means soft in French. My last name literally means soft man. And my dad was definitely not a soft man,” Cassy said laughing, but there was a hint of sadness to her laugh.
“Moose man is just easier to pronounce in English, so that’s what it became. So you can pronounce it moose or mouse, neither are correct. I choose to pronounce it as mouse investigations. It has a nice ring to it.” She paused and looked at him like she was choosing her next words very carefully. “And to answer your other question. No. It doesn’t stand for anything. Mousman was just too long.”
The way she looked at Zach told him that it did, indeed, stand for something, but she wasn’t going to tell him. He let it slide. This was his new boss. He wasn’t about to call her out even though it was clear that she was hiding something.
“And Zach. I live upstairs. If I’m not awake, you might want to knock before you wake me up,” she said. Her playful look worried Zach. “I sleep in the nude.”
Zach’s eyes grew huge, and he wasn’t sure if she was joking or not. She was a strange woman. He decided to err on the side of caution. He would definitely knock, just to be safe.
“Night, boss,” he said and headed out of the bar, considerably happier, if not completely confused by his strange new boss.
After Zach left, Alan Carlson squeezed into the booth across from Cassy. He had been hiding in a booth close by, waiting for Zach to leave. The man wrung his hands, and his eyes darted back and forth.
“Spit it out, Alan,” Cassy said sharply.
“Umm…I know we owed your father, but Zach was one of my best employees. He was practically family. Why did I have to fire him like that?” Alan begged. Then he noticed the empty bottle Cassy was playfully spinning on the table. He also noticed the sadness that she couldn’t hide. She tried to appear upbeat and carefree, but everyone in the bar could see Cassy was on the verge of crying. “I’m really sorry for your loss. Do you want a ride home?”
“I’m fine,” she said, but her posture and the smeared makeup told a different story.
“I can’t have you stumbling your way home. It’s like twenty blocks. And you’re not driving.” Alan looked at her sternly, but she just smiled playfully in return.
“I’ll be fine. I’m walking, and the unlucky man who decides to take advantage of me will have a very painful ride to the hospital.” She let out a small laugh then stared at Alan, and he could see the sadness she was trying to hide. “Your daughter isn’t the only ‘special’ person my father helped.”
“I knew you were different but…” Alan said, respectfully.
Cassy pointed at her eyes.
“You think humans have eyes like this?” she asked.
“I try not to look at them,” he admitted and looked at his hands.
“Most people do.” She stared off in the distance as she continued speaking. The wine was starting to take hold, but she was still lucid enough to ponder Zach’s words. “Zach didn’t have a problem with them. He wasn’t the least bit scared. He even called them hypnotizing. Strange. Dad always said Zach was ‘special’ like me. Maybe he meant, actually like me. Maybe Zach is whatever the hell I am.”
“I still don’t like what we did to him,” Alan said, not looking up. He didn’t want to look into those eyes again. The absolute, unnerving terror he felt when he looked into Cassy’s eyes chilled him to the bone. He had only met her a few times, but each time he had avoided her gaze like the plague. Every time he let his eyes wander and stared deeply into her chilling eyes, he felt trapped. Like he was drowning. It was a horrible feeling. Like he was being sucked in with no way to escape. He couldn’t breathe, he couldn’t move. ‘Paralyzed with fear’ was a very accurate way to describe it.
“Don’t worry, Alan. I’m going to help him whether he likes it or not. And…with that…you’d better be getting home to your daughter. It’s a full moon tonight, isn’t it?” Cassy asked with a snarky laugh.
“That’s not how it works,” Alan chastised as he got up.
“But it is Sheri’s time of the month. And that IS how it works. Emotions. Pain. Those are triggers,” Cassy said more seriously, then her mood flipped once more. She stuck out her hands and curled her fingers. She bared her teeth and did her best werewolf impression but, being mostly drunk, it looked ridiculous. “Better hurry or she’ll be all fuzzy before you get there.”
Under different circumstances, Alan might have even laughed, but not tonight.
“Good night, Cassy. We’re even. No more favors,” Alan said as he started toward the door. He was in no mood to laugh at Cassy. He had just fired one of his best employees over a lie.
“We’ll see about that,” Cassy stated as she stumbled then precariously followed Alan to the door.

Chapter 3
Zach walked up to the front door of the run-down building as he double checked the business card his new boss, Cassy, had given him. When he looked up and saw the sign which read ‘MOUS Investigations’ in big gold letters, he had a bad feeling. This was the place, but he wasn’t sure he wanted to work here. From the outside, it looked like an abandoned building. The windows and the doors were darkened and covered with, what looked like, grime and soot. The door had seen better days, and luckily, the building was brick, or he was sure it would be falling down.
He stared at the double doors, with the large glass windows in them, and sighed. Even the word MOUS, which he was certain was an acronym, had seen better days. Half of the letter M was scratched off, and the U was almost completely faded. The left side of the double doors, the side with the word MOUS on it, looked secured in place with no handle. The right side had a handle and the word Investigations. He tried to peer in through the windows, but they were impossible to see through. Cassy could have been inside, stark naked, and he wouldn’t have even been able to see her silhouette.
In the end, he decided that he’d made it this far. He might as well see it through. So he took a deep breath, straightened out his tie and blue suit jacket then pressed the thumb latch, and the door didn’t even click. When he pulled on it the door eased open. He pushed and released the thumb latch several times and realized he had been correct. It was broken. Not locked and it didn’t even latch. How the hell was Cassy going to afford to pay him?
Once inside, his revulsion increased. There was a desk…somewhere under the pile of books. The left leg of the desk had been fixed with duct tape. The chair behind it had tears in the vinyl cushions, and one of the old, round, wheels was missing. Then he made his way to the counter. At least he thought it was a counter. There could have been a counter underneath the million-plus papers strewn across it. He picked up one of the papers and read it. It was a shut-off notice for the electricity, and worse, it was two months old.
Beside the counter that was buried in papers, he saw an entrance way and couldn’t contain his curiosity. As he stepped down the three stairs, he was amazed at the marked difference. This room looked like a library with a large, open floor and no windows to the outside. There were books on shelves covering every wall and one desk in the far back corner. It also had books on it, but they were stacked neatly to one side. This desk looked well cared for, and the chair behind it was almost new. He walked closer and saw that one of the books was spine down on the desk. As he approached to take a closer look, he heard his new boss behind him.
“Morning, Zach!” she shouted.
Zach jerked back, spun then listened to the sound of his heart pounding in his ears as he stared at his new boss.
“Umm…sorry, just snooping,” he said with a cheesy grin. Was there really a picture of a werewolf in that book? What the hell kind of investigator was Cassy’s father? A crazy one?
“I can see that,” Cassy replied with a grin. She pushed by Zach and shut the book on the desk. Zach noticed that she was still wearing the black dress. It was much more wrinkled, and her mascara had smudged all over her face. She had been crying…a lot.
“Well…umm…where do I start?” Zach asked.
Cassy stood upright, pushed the mess, which had once been a ponytail, out of her eyes, and smiled kindly at Zach.
“Your office is in the other room,” she said as she grabbed Zach’s arm and ushered him out. She shut the door to the library on her way out and stopped at the broken, messy desk Zach had seen on the way in. “And here you are.”
“You sure you want to hire me?” Zach asked.
“I’m very sure,” Cassy replied with confidence.
“But the light bill,” he protested.
“Oh. You saw that?” She shifted uncomfortably and cringed. “Dad wasn’t big on paying bills. He was always out on a case. We have the money. He was just…forgetful. But that’s why I need you.” By the end of her statement, she was cheerful again.
“I see,” Zach replied, unconvinced and a little worried.
“If you’ll excuse me I need to shower and get some work clothes on,” Cassy said as she headed behind the counter to a doorway that Zach hadn’t noticed before. To be fair, the walls were all brown, dull brown. Even the doorway to the stairs leading up to Cassy’s room was brown. This place was a little depressing.
“So…” Zach started. He wasn’t quite sure what to say. Well, he knew what he wanted to say but not how to say it to his new boss. This place was beyond disorganized. It was a… Just as Zach thought it, Cassy said it.
“It’s a pit. I know,” Cassy said as she reached the stairs. She turned and smiled kindly at Zach. “Get new furniture, new wallpaper, whatever. Just don’t go into my office again, please.”
Zach pointed at the doorway to what he had assumed was the library.
“That office?” Zach asked.
“Yep. Sensitive material in there. Client confidentiality and all that. Maybe after you’ve been here a while.” She flipped her messy hair, turned and headed up the stairs while Zach stared at his new office in horror. It was going to take a lot to fix this place up. And he still wasn’t sure Cassy could afford to pay him. He also wasn’t sure she should be making decisions regarding her finances. He was starting to lean towards the idea that her father hadn’t been the only crazy person in this office.
At the top of the stairs, Zach could hear Cassy stop, then she spoke.
“Eighty!” she yelled down the steps.
“Eighty what?!” he asked loudly.
“Your salary. Payday is on Friday.” Then he heard soft footsteps cross above him, then a door opened and shut. After a few seconds, he heard Cassy talking quietly. Who was she talking to? Herself? What had he agreed to? He wasn’t equipped to babysit an insane woman who had just lost her father. To be honest, he wasn’t equipped to babysit a normal woman who had just lost her father. But he did need the money.
After he heard the shower turn on, Zach started with the daunting task of figuring out what the hell was on his new desk. He picked up one book, with pages missing, only to find out that it was written in a language he didn’t understand. It looked like German, but he couldn’t be sure. He didn’t know German. He skimmed through it, looking at a few pictures, then started a pile on the floor. More make-believe and nonsense about monsters. Although he couldn’t understand the words, the pictures spoke volumes on the sanity of his boss’s father. He would have to ask Cassy what to do with these. He wanted no part in chasing fantasies. He was an accountant, not a therapist, not a shoulder to cry on. He was just an accountant.
For the next few minutes, Zach stacked book after book, most of which he couldn’t read, on the floor in a neat pile. When he finally got to the desk underneath, he decided to work on the chair. The missing wheel had to be somewhere around here. He got down on his hands and knees, then heard laughing from behind him. 
“Nice view, but what are you doing?” Cassy asked.
The smell of Cassy hit him before he even turned around. At first, he thought it was her shampoo, body wash, maybe even her deodorant but as he turned, he knew that wasn’t the case. He wasn’t sure exactly how, but Cassy’s wet hair smelled like the ocean had that day as a child. The clean, sweet smell of ocean water unpolluted by humanity, filled his nostrils as he stared up at his boss. Zach pushed himself up and looked up at her from his knees. These were work clothes? He suddenly felt very overdressed.
Cassy’s white tank top, which revealed her black bra underneath, left her shoulders bare. Her damp hair had a slight curl to it as it fell across her delicate shoulders. Zach lowered his gaze, but the tight jeans with a hole in one knee weren’t any less tantalizing.
She looked down on him with one hand on her hip and the other on her chest. She blinked her eyes a few times, then smirked. Zach forced himself to stare into her mesmerizing eyes to quit eyeing the rest of her. He was a little awestruck and somewhat embarrassed. She was very pretty, blonde, but very pretty.
“Oh, Zach. Isn’t this a little fast? I’m just not ready for marriage yet,” she said then laughed.
“You have a weird sense of humor,” he replied, feeling a little less exposed. Her strange sense of humor had saved him from his embarrassment.
Cassy quickly shifted gears, grabbed a handful of the books Zach had stacked up and headed toward her office.
“You’ll find that I have a weird sense of everything, Zach. Lighten up. And if you really want to wear a suit, I won’t stop you, but we’re very casual around here.” She turned and looked at him. “You hungry?”
“I guess,” Zach replied. He still hadn’t gotten to his feet. That wheel was around here somewhere. Zach shook off the image of his boss and, once again, started searching for the missing wheel.
“Ok, let me get all these books out of your way, then we’ll head to the café around the corner and get breakfast.” She disappeared into her office then came out a few seconds later to grab more.
“Want help?” Zach asked.
“No. You’re busy dusting the floor with your knees or something,” she joked. “Besides. You’re not allowed in my office.” The strange wink and the smirk that accompanied it only served to reinforce Zach’s notion that his new boss had a screw loose. Maybe a few screws.
“Right…” Zach started. “And I’m not dusting the floor. I’m looking for the wheel to my chair!” Zach shouted as she disappeared into her office again.
Cassy reappeared with empty hands to grab more books.
“Just order a new chair. I think that wheel fell off when I was sixteen. Dad never found it,” she said, grabbed more books then headed back to her office.
Zach sighed, then stood.
“That was how many years ago?” Zach asked. She looked very young. He wasn’t sure it was a good idea to work for someone younger than himself, but what choice did he have?
“Clever way to ask my age. You think I’m a little young to be your boss, don’t you?” she asked with another strange look.
“Maybe,” he replied honestly.
“I’m twenty-five, and I like the honesty. Brownie points.” She laughed and took off with another load.
“Well, what am I supposed to do? How do I order a chair?” Zach asked. This job was starting off very badly. No training, no direction, and he was pretty sure his boss was nuts. Cassy just expected him to know what he should do. Very casual was an understatement.
“Well,” Cassy started as she reappeared with empty hands once more. “You can start by going through the mail.” She motioned to the counter like a game show host showing off a new car.
“That’s all mail?” Zach asked.
“Dad wasn’t good about…hell. Dad was a slob. I’ll just say it.” Cassy looked a little sad every time she said ‘dad’ but Zach didn’t blame her. He was doubtful he would be doing this well. Perhaps humor was just her way of covering the grief she must be feeling. Maybe this was the reason for her strange behavior. He desperately hoped so. The pay was impressive, but working for a loon was not how he saw his life going.
“So, this was his desk?” Zach asked while pointing to his new office space.
“Yep. Mine was always in the library. Dad and I…”  Cassy now looked depressed as she continued. It almost looked like she was about to start crying. “We had different approaches to the job. He let me do what I wanted in my office, but I wasn’t allowed to say a word about his. He took care of the bills…or rather didn’t.”
“Ok. So. How do I pay for a chair?” Zach asked. He needed to avoid the subject of Cassy’s father. Dealing with a boss who was a little off was one thing but a sobbing mess? He wasn’t sure he could handle that.
“There’s a business credit card under that pile somewhere,” Cassy said as she scrunched up her face and looked at the pile of old mail. Then Zach heard the sadness creeping back into her voice. “Dad knew the number by heart. Never had to actually use the card.”
“Oh,” Zach said, realizing how often he stuck his foot in his mouth around Cassy. They had known each other for a total of maybe an hour, and he had done nothing but say the wrong thing. Though it wasn’t surprising, he often said or did the wrong thing around women. It was just the way he was. He hoped he could reign it in a little. He didn’t want to spend the day consoling his new boss. Putting up with her crazy was bad enough. Sobbing, crying, and bawling was not a good way to spend his first day.
Cassy spun, forced a smile, and started toward him. He could see that she was covering her grief, but, with his track record, it was better not to try and help her. He’d probably end up insulting her or her dad inadvertently.
“Breakfast? You can order the chair when we get back,” she said, trying to sound cheerful. She pulled on a pair of sunglasses, then waited.
“You’re the boss,” he said. Then he wondered aloud. “Why the sunglasses?” It was a little early to wear sunglasses.
“The eyes? Remember?” she asked with a grin.
Cassy headed toward the door. After she grabbed the handle, she turned and gave him a strange look, and she peered over the top of her sunglasses.
“Think you can get a lock for this door while you’re at it?” she asked as she waited for him to catch up.
“You sure you don’t just want a new door? That thing doesn’t even latch,” Zach replied.
“Sure, why not? Just get a whole new door,” Cassy said and led the way. “I’m thinking bigger letters...in white!” she continued, using hand gestures to emphasize her words, as she walked down the street.
As Zach trailed behind her, he agonized over his new job. The conditions weren’t horrible; they were just weird. His boss was just as weird, but what choice did he have? He needed to pay rent, and Cassy was offering him more than he ever made at Carlson and Carlson. Maybe he’d get used to her strangeness. He might even grow to like it. Not having to wear a suit to work was a good start. Apparently, a tee shirt and jeans were the standard attire, and that was a definite plus.

Chapter 4
After breakfast, and Zach grilling Cassy about how things were done, he set about the task of cleaning up the counter. He was pleasantly surprised that the whole ordeal only took until lunch. Most of the mail was old bills that had been paid. It seemed Connor Mousman really was a slob. Pay a bill, set it on the pile, seemed to be his mantra. The shut-off notice had been a fluke. It figured that he would pick it up first.
After lunch, Zach ordered the chair and door then found a moment to rest. As he sat back in his broken chair, he felt a little more content. The bills weren’t as bad as he had assumed and the credit card was exactly where Cassy had said it would be, at the bottom of the pile. Now that everything was cleaned up, the door and chair ordered, what the hell was he supposed to do now? It was only two in the afternoon, and Cassy’s dad’s bookkeeping skills weren’t as bad as she had made them out to be. Why did she need him? And why pay him so much to do so little?
“Cassy?!” Zach yelled toward the shut door to her office. He heard rustling then a crash as a book and something glass hit the floor. Soon after, he heard footsteps then Cassy peeked out the door.
“Think you can order an intercom? You scared the hell out of me,” Cassy said. She squeezed out the door then shut it behind her. What was she doing that was so secretive in there? This was an investigation agency, not the NSA.
“Sure, boss. And…umm…after that?” Zach asked.
“I’m paying you a lot for a maid service, aren’t I?” Cassy asked with a laugh. She looked around the nearly spotless office and realized she might have to get creative to keep Zach busy. She needed him to stick around and, judging by the look of him, Zach abhorred boredom.
“Yeah,” Zach agreed with a sideways look.
“So how do you feel about some leg work?” Cassy asked with a tone that concerned Zach. The way she asked made it seem like a punishment or, at the very least, undesirable.
“Sure. I could use some exercise,” Zach replied. Truthfully, sitting around, not answering the phone, because they didn’t have one, was very boring. What did she expect him to do around here? The book work was simple. A sixth grader with rudimentary math skills could have done it. Receipts in one column, payments in the other. This wasn’t rocket science, and their business wasn’t very large.
“Now. Listen to me very carefully,” Cassy started.
Zach didn’t like the way she was talking. It was very patronizing, maybe even a little condescending. Surely he could handle leg work. Everything about Cassy screamed overcompensation. What was she so afraid of him finding out?
“I want you to find this girl…just a sec,” she said as she dug through her left pocket, then her right. “Holy hell! Where did I put it?” she asked as she stormed up the steps.
When Cassy was upstairs he heard a door slam then a black cat zoomed down the stairs.
“Maggie! Where the hell do you think you’re going?!” Cassy yelled. “Leave him alone!”
The black cat, he assumed was Maggie, zipped through the office and landed on Zach’s lap then curled up and started to purr. Zach just sat there, unsure of how to react. Soon Cassy came down the stairs with her hands on her hips, her brow furrowed and her lips tensed. Zach was just glad he wasn’t the focus for the look Maggie was getting. As pretty as Cassy was, this look would force a dock worker to mind his manners.
“I told you to leave Zach alone. Maybe he’s allergic to cats,” Cassy said then looked at Zach, hoping this wasn’t the case.
“I’m fine. No allergies that I know of, but I’ve never had a cat fall in love with me,” Zach laughed.
“You joke but, if I let her, she’d spend all day on your lap,” Cassy explained as she grabbed Maggie by the scruff of her neck.
“This must be who you were talking to,” Zach said as he ran his hand down Maggie’s back.
Maggie meowed in protest as Cassy drug her upstairs.
“Yep,” Cassy replied. “Back in a second. I have the woman’s address up here somewhere.”
Zach leaned back while Cassy carried Maggie upstairs. His boss was a little crazy, but she was fun too. Maybe it wouldn’t be so bad working for a crazy lady.
When Cassy reached her room, she set Maggie down and put her hands on her hips.
“What the hell was that?” Cassy asked.
Maggie rubbed up against Cassy’s legs, purred, then stared up at her.
“You weren’t using it,” Maggie said in a high pitched voice. “Seems like you’re going to have to be creative to keep him here. He cleaned up dad’s mess in an afternoon. What the hell did you think he was going to do all day? Sit around and pine for you?”
“I’ve known him for five minutes. Hell. I just got him to untie his tie. Give me some time. And I’m not seducing him! I’m helping him!” Cassy pulled her feet away from Maggie and continued her search for the paper she’d had last night. “I just didn’t think he’d finish that fast.”
“Playing the grieving daughter didn’t buy you any points with Zach either.” Maggie followed Cassy, trying to avoid her feet.
“That’s not what I was doing! Besides.” Cassy stopped, looked down at Maggie, and crossed her arms. “I don’t want to be his girlfriend. I just want to know if he’s like me.” Then Cassy threw her arms in the air, exasperated. “And maybe find out what the hell I am!”
“Oh, come on! You can’t fault me for wanting to have a little fun. I’ve been stuck as a cat for four years. Can you imagine being unable to have sex for four freeking years?!” Maggie shouted, though her high pitched, cat voice was still quiet. “You could at least let me live vicariously through you.”
Cassy stopped and turned to face Maggie.
“I’m not trying to seduce him. And I’m certainly not trying to sleep with him. He’s my employee and possibly the key to finding out what I am. Besides, he’s a little…stiff.” After scolding Maggie, she turned to a stack of papers in the middle of the floor. As she rummaged, she continued to speak. “It’s not my fault you decided to ignore dad and try to cast that spell.” The tone of her voice and the smirk on her face told Maggie that she was trying to get under her skin.
Cassy’s room was covered with old books propped open to specific pages, as well as, quite a few strange looking statues. One looked like a centaur, another a wolf, yet another looked just like a satyr playing a flute. As Cassy feverishly searched for the paper, she’d lost she accidentally stubbed her toe on a rather large one of a creature that looked like a cat-man.
“Damnit, Maggie! Your statues are a hazard. With all these up here, I’m surprised the floor holds.” Cassy motioned around at the twenty plus statues ranging in size from a foot tall to the large cat-man one that was nearly up to Cassy’s waist.
“Dad lost the house. Where the hell am I supposed to keep them?” Maggie asked.
“Dad didn’t lose the house. He had no reason to keep it, so he let it go. I live here. You’re a damn cat, and he nearly lived here. When he wasn’t here he was out on the job,” Cassy said as she continued her search, not even looking at Maggie. Her voice lost its tone and sadness set in. “He couldn’t stand living there after mom died, and you know it.”
Maggie was Cassy’s older sister, by law anyway. She was Conner and Lynda’s real daughter, and she had been six when they took in the one-year-old Cassy. Someone had deposited a one-year-old baby, or at least they assumed she was about a year old, one foggy night. There was never any sign of Cassy’s birth parents, and the Mousman’s weren’t the only people to get a new family member that night.
As Cassy grew and Conner realized her strange abilities couldn’t be human, he started looking into things. He soon found four other couples who had gotten children that night, ranging from Cassy, the youngest, to a five-year-old. Then, as Connor looked into things further, he became confident that these were not the only couples. The town’s population grew by at least fifty that year. Some of them could have been attributed to new people moving to town or couples actually having babies, but fifty? In a city with nine thousand people? There just weren’t that many younger couples in town. As he continued to look into things, he realized that Condance Nebraska wasn’t the only town to receive new arrivals that night either.
Connor’s new obsession soon changed his business. What had once been a normal investigation agency soon became a paranormal one. During the following years, he found several more mysterious children in towns scattered around the country. Not that anyone would admit they had a child deposited on their doorstep, but Conner was an excellent investigator.
As it turned out, people were not willing to admit that the child they had raised wasn’t really theirs. They were afraid the birth parents would come back and rob them of their happiness. But, when they had problems concerning the unexpected supernatural addition to their family Connor was there to help them clean up the mess. This provided Connor with a decent income and a way to keep looking into his own supernatural daughter’s origins.
Then about a year ago, Connor discovered his first real clue about Cassy. He found Zach. The boy also didn’t know what he was. Most of the special children had clear signs pointing to what they were. Many had even confided in their parents after the signs were no longer able to be concealed but not Zach. He was nearly the same age as Cassy, approximately a year older, but he and his parents had no idea that Zach was special. Connor’s contacts could tell Zach was supernatural, but none of them had any idea what he was. Just like Cassy.
“You find a way to change me back yet?” Maggie asked, her voice even quieter than before.
“No, Maggie. I’ve had no luck reversing that spell. I’m sorry,” Cassy said as she turned and gave her cat sister a consoling look. “I’ve been a little busy, and real magic users aren’t exactly putting their names up in neon or taking out ads in papers. They’re hard to find.”
“I understand,” Maggie said then hopped up onto Cassy’s bed and curled up.
“I’m looking,” Cassy reassured her.
“I wish I’d never met that stupid, no good…” Maggie mumbled until Cassy could no longer make out what she was saying.
“It’s not your fault, Maggie. I just like to pick on you,” Cassy said as she sat on the bed and ran her hand across Maggie’s back. “You’re my big sister. Picking on you is like my job or something.” Cassy smiled and Maggie looked up at her. “To be fair. You did turn him into a cat as well. You could have died.” Cassy started to smile. “The look on his face as he turned. Oh, it was priceless.” Then she realized this wasn’t as funny to her cat sister. “I’m just sorry it got you too.” Cassy reached over and pulled on the corner of the paper sticking out from under her pillow. “Here it is!”
“Shawn seemed so nice,” Maggie stated.
“Yeah. Real nice. Until his fangs came out.” Cassy let out a laugh then covered her mouth and stared anxiously at her sister.
“Laugh it up. How the hell was I supposed to know he was a vampire?” Maggie laid her head down on the bed again, and Cassy couldn’t help herself.
“Well…let’s see? He only took you on dates at night. He made you quit wearing your cross necklace because he was…” Cassy lifted her hands and made finger quotes. “‘Allergic’ to silver. What else?”
“He wouldn’t eat at Italian restaurants. He freaked out when I had a pencil.” Maggie said and started laughing herself. The laugh of a cat was strange, but Cassy had gotten used to it. It was almost like hissing but in short bursts.
“Dad told you that magic was dangerous for humans but…” Cassy bent down and kissed Maggie on the head. “I’m glad you didn’t listen. I’d rather have you as a cat than some vamp’s lunch.”
“Thanks, Cassy. Being a cat just gets a little depressing sometimes. At least you were there to help me after I screwed up that spell.” Maggie stared out at the room.
“Yeah. I just wish I could have caught the bastard before he ran off.” Cassy started to smile and couldn’t help but add one more jab. “You know that tomcat keeps coming around. You don’t have to be celibate.” Cassy pursed her lips, her eyebrows raised and her eyes grew huge.
“EWW!!!!!” Maggie shouted then stood on all fours, turned, flipped her tail, and walked off.
“Just a suggestion,” Cassy said. “And now that I’ve completely pissed you off. I better get Zach something to do before he either falls asleep, quits, or calls the nut house on me for talking to my cat.”
Cassy shot up and headed to the door.
“Love you, sis,” Maggie said as Cassy was shutting the door.
“Love you too,” Cassy replied then made sure the door was shut tight before bounding down the stairs.
Zach was still sitting in the chair with his arms crossed. He stared at Cassy with a playful grin as she slowed down. Maybe working for a crazy boss wasn’t so bad. Sure, she was nuts, but she was happy nuts. He couldn’t make out the conversation through the floor, but he distinctly heard laughing. At least she was a happy nutbag. She didn’t seem dangerous. And it sure as hell beat working for a depressed nutbag.
“What?” Cassy asked.
“Nothing, boss,” Zach replied, and his grin grew.
“I talk to my cat. So what?” Cassy felt the need to defend herself, but she could see that Zach was being a good sport about it. He was finally loosening up a little. Despite her earlier reservations, Zach would fit in here just fine.

Chapter 5
Zach sat on the park bench as he watched the gorgeous woman walking along the sidewalk on the other side of the street. She was in white, six-inch heels that matched her white sundress. Her long red, curly hair went nearly to her waist. Her green eyes, soft white skin, and barely visible freckles on her face were everything Zach desired in a woman. He was also willing to bet that Rebecca Engels wouldn’t give him the time of day. She was just too perfect.
Her slender, yet not skinny, waist, as well as her abundant chest and hips, were everything Zach wanted. In the sundress, he could even see the hint of freckles on her shoulders as well. If she hadn’t been his assignment, he might have even talked to her. Instead, he watched and waited, recording everywhere she went and everyone she spoke with. It was a boring job but watching Rebecca was far from distasteful. In fact, he might be so bold as to call it stimulating. He couldn’t have the alluring woman, but he could stare at her all day. This was the sort of job he wanted. He was getting paid to watch an attractive woman. Who wouldn’t want this job? And it was much less boring than sitting around the office not answering the non-existent phone.
Rebecca’s movements where strange, to say the least. She spoke only to men and, from what Zach could gather, she went from shop to shop doing just that. It made no sense. She didn’t buy anything. She just talked to men.
Zach realized she only spoke to men after Rebecca skipped two shops run by women and was nearly assaulted by a woman in another of the shops. It seemed that the man she was speaking to was married and the wife was not too happy about him flirting with the gorgeous woman.
At first, Zach thought Rebecca might be a prostitute, but a prostitute wouldn’t turn down men, would she? The one she was interested in wasn’t rich. A few of the ones she turned away were. It was like she was vetting the men and none, so far, had measured up. Well, except for the married one.
She would sometimes smell them or give them hugs then abruptly turn and walk away. What was she searching for? Or, was it more accurate to ask, who was she searching for?
After several hours of this, Zach followed Rebecca back to an expensive looking hotel. He doubted he would make it through the door, so he sighed and started heading back to the office. Not having his car would make this a long walk. He must have covered miles following Rebecca around. His feet hurt as did his legs. Tomorrow he would definitely skip the dress shoes and suit. Tennis shoes, tee-shirt and jeans were his new work clothes, and he would certainly bring his car. If Cassy had him following Rebecca around again, which he hoped for, he would be prepared.
As the sky darkened and Zach made his trek through the last block to the office, he was startled as Rebecca slipped around the corner. She stood right in front of him, then smiled as he nearly ran into her. Over her shoulder, he could see the office. He had almost made it. His stomach twisted, and his heart pounded. Was she going to call the cops? Was she going to be angry? He wasn’t entirely sure of the legality of following someone. He hadn’t gone into anywhere private. He had stayed on public sidewalks and benches, but still, it was somewhat of a grey area as far as he was concerned.
“You followed me all day then didn’t even introduce yourself?” Rebecca asked with a coy smile. She inhaled deeply through her nose, and her smile grew.
“Oh…shit…” Zach stuttered. Why was she smiling? Was he following some kind of serial killer? Had Cassy sent him out on his first day to follow a lunatic? Normal people didn’t appreciate being followed. The fact that she was here meant he had been noticed. And the fact that she didn’t seem upset worried him.
“Rebecca,” she said kindly as she held out her hand. “But I think you might already know that.” Zach shook her hand, then thrust both hands in his pockets and fidgeted.
“Zach,” he said quickly, while not looking at her. ‘Don’t make eye contact. Maybe she’s a nice serial killer.’ Zach said to himself. Why had he taken this job? A serial killer explained her strange behavior and why she didn’t pick the rich men. They would be missed. He wouldn’t!
“Well, Zach. I was really hoping you’d follow me into my hotel. But you didn’t,” Rebecca said with a pout.
Rebecca stood quite a few inches shorter than Zach, the heels made up some of the difference, but she was still shorter, about the same height as Cassy. Zach forced himself to look at the pretty redhead. She didn’t look like a serial killer. She was downright gorgeous. He had to look down to stare into her eyes but was a little disappointed when he did. Everything about her was perfect except her eyes. Why couldn’t Rebecca have Cassy’s eyes? Then, as Zach thought this, Rebecca’s eyes turned a deep shade of blue and looked identical to Cassy’s.
“Why did you want me to follow you?” Zach asked and scrunched up his face. Weren’t her eyes green a second ago? Was he imagining things? Was he going nuts like Cassy? Was it contagious?
“Thought we could talk…get to know each other…maybe more?” Rebecca asked and looked deeply into Zach’s eyes. She bit her lip and tilted her head down. The way she looked at Zach should have quickened his pulse but it didn’t, and he wondered why. She was flirting, wasn’t she?
Zach stared back and was yet again disappointed. Although Rebecca’s eyes looked exactly like Cassy’s, the feeling wasn’t there. He didn’t feel safe and comfortable. In fact, something in his mind was agitated as he looked deeply into them. He could feel it starting but didn’t understand why. It wasn’t fear. She wasn’t a serial killer, but she was something. Something unexplainable. Annoyance was the best word he could come up with, but even this word didn’t quite describe the feeling.
“What would we talk about?” Zach asked, struggling to understand the feelings that were getting stronger and stronger. It was nearing revulsion now. Zach quickly turned his head and looked down the street. He could see Cassy running toward him. She seemed to be in a hurry. Why?
“We could do other things. We don’t have to talk,” Rebecca said with another glance that should have interested Zach, but he had missed it. He was preoccupied with the dread that was slowly building and Cassy running right at them.
Zach looked back at Rebecca and saw what was supposed to be a seductive stare, but it turned his stomach. Without warning, Rebecca put her arms on his shoulders and pulled him down for a kiss. Then, as quickly as she kissed him, Rebecca pushed herself away. Her face turned grey, and razor-sharp teeth lined her mouth. Her hair turned black and straight. Even her eyes were strange. A dull, foggy grey that glowed and looked empty. She let out an inhuman screech that hurt Zach’s ears then she took off faster than Zach had ever seen anyone run.
While Zach struggled to understand what had just happened, Cassy reached him. She slowed and looked at Zach with confusion.
“What the hell just happened?” Cassy asked, then like flipping a switch, she smiled. “You like redheads?”
“Umm…you tell me what just happened. A beautiful woman turned into some…thing!” Zach stared at Cassy and found himself caught by her enchanting gaze. Those were the eyes he wanted to see. That feeling, like nothing he had ever experienced. Despite seeing a beautiful woman turn into a hideous creature that couldn’t exist, he felt calm. One look into Cassy’s eyes and he knew, everything would be ok.
“Oh, boy,” Cassy started. She put her arm around Zach’s shoulders and ushered him back to their office. “This will be a long night.” She looked sideways at him with a playful expression. “Just remember, you’re salary. You don’t get overtime,” she said with a laugh.

Chapter 6
“You mean all of those stories are real?!” Zach yelled as he paced in Cassy’s office.
“As far as I can tell, about ninety percent of them are real. Maybe my dad and I just never found the other ten percent,” Cassy explained. She sat on the edge of her desk, letting her feet dangle as she spoke. “Just breathe, Zach. It gets easier.”
“Werewolves?” Zach asked as he stopped and stared at her.
“Yep,” Cassy replied.
Zach started pacing again. He thrust his hands into his pockets. Cassy was nuts and now so was he! It was contagious!
“Vampires?” Zach asked quieter. Maybe being nuts wouldn’t be so bad? He’d have Cassy to keep him company. If he was going to be nuts, at least he’d have someone to talk to.
“Yep,” Cassy replied. Cassy looked at Zach with pity. He wasn’t taking this well.
“How about zombies?” Zach asked with a contentious smirk as he stopped again. This one would trip her up. It had to. Zombies weren’t real.
“Sort of,” Cassy said with an expression that left Zach wanting.
“What do you mean sort of?” Zach asked. His brain was racing, and nothing made sense. He was nuts, and so was she. That had to be the explanation. This couldn’t be real.
“Well, there are things out there that behave like zombies. They’re not like the mindless, brain-eating things on TV but they’re close,” Cassy explained.
“Ok, Chupacabra,” Zach said with a devious grin.
“Yes,” Cassy said and smiled.
“What?! There are goat sucking monsters?!” Zach asked. He was sure he had her that time. His mind picked up speed once again, and he could barely keep up with his thoughts. He really was nuts. Or on drugs! Maybe that was it. Maybe Rebecca had slipped him something when he wasn’t looking. Perhaps Cassy had spiked his breakfast.
“Yep,” Cassy replied.
“Sirens? Banshees? Umm…umm…giant spiders?” Zach asked, growing more anxious. Maybe not drugs. No one spiked anyone’s breakfast, and Rebecca hadn’t gotten near him until…
“Yep, yep and nope…not that I’ve seen,” Cassy replied confidently.
“How about demons? Angels? Minotaurs? Gorgons? Ghouls? Umm…” Zach asked, quickly approaching the limit of what his mind could handle. He started pacing again. No, no, no. This wasn’t drugs. He felt perfectly fine, except for his pounding heart and brain that felt like it was going to explode. Other than that he felt perfectly normal.
Cassy hopped off her desk. She walked up to Zach and grabbed his shoulders. She forced him to stare at her then said calmly. “You have permission to look through my library now. There are literally thousands of creatures in my dad’s books. And just to be clear…nearly every creature in these books is very real. My dad was very thorough.”
“Is your cat some creature? Is that why you talk to it?” Zach asked.
Cassy sighed. She was hoping Zach wouldn’t put this one together yet but, then again, she hadn’t hired Zach for his looks. At least not completely. Although she hadn’t done what Maggie was suggesting, she had to admit, Zach wasn’t unattractive. And right now, he was being downright cute. There was something strangely attractive about a man losing his grip on reality. Part of her wanted to throw her arms around him, but she knew where that would lead. Then Maggie would be right, and Cassy couldn’t let that happen.
“She’s my sister,” Cassy said with disappointment, mostly in herself for underestimating Zach.
“Your sister?” Zach asked and pulled away from Cassy. Cassy almost laughed at the look on Zach’s face. She knew what was going through his head and couldn’t help letting him think it just a little longer.
“I’m adopted,” Cassy said with a smirk. She didn’t know why, but she just couldn’t help pushing the dagger in just a little farther. It wasn’t hurting him, not really. It was just funny.
“You were adopted by a family of cats?!” Zach asked, his confusion and anxiety were through the roof now. Cassy gave in. As fun as it was teasing Zach, he was having a hard enough time with this. Making him think she had been adopted by cats was just a little cruel.
“No. My sister was human. She accidentally turned herself into a cat with magic, and now she’s stuck. You know what? I’ll let her explain,” Cassy said then turned her head to the ceiling. “MAGGIE!!” she shouted.
Zach heard the door above them open then shut.
“How the hell did she…?” Zach asked.
“She’s a human in a cat’s body. That door doesn’t really keep her in. It’s symbolic,” Cassy laughed.
Soon Maggie came swaggering in.
“He knows,” Cassy said, looking at Maggie.
Maggie lept up onto Cassy’s desk, sat down, then started licking her paw and rubbing her ear.
“You told him everything? Me turning myself into a cat? Dad’s obsession with the supernatural? All that?” Maggie asked, clearly more interested in her bath than the conversation.
“A talking cat!” Zach yelled. His pacing nearly turned into sprinting as he walked faster and faster, wringing his hands and pulling his hair. This was it. He really was nuts. Or wait. Maybe this was a dream. That would explain it all. Both were possible, but he hoped for dreaming.
“Well…not everything,” Cassy said.
“I’m insane. This is a bad dream. This is a nightmare,” Zach said as he stopped and smiled at Cassy. He couldn’t keep the thoughts to himself any longer. Saying it out loud would force her to admit it. Maybe he’d wake up.
“It’s not a nightmare, Zach,” Maggie said from atop Cassy’s desk. “I’m a talking cat. Cassy is…”
“Cassy’s a what?!” Zach asked and took a few steps away from Cassy. He waited for Cassy to turn into whatever it was Rebecca had turned into. His eyes were huge, and he felt like running, but then he saw Cassy’s eyes. She was certainly not what Rebecca was. She was something good and kind. Her eyes were nothing like Rebecca’s.
“I’m, more than likely, whatever you are,” Cassy said and crossed her arms. She leaned up against the bookcase behind her and waited with a self-satisfied grin. Maybe she wasn’t completely done picking on Zach. The looks he produced were just too amusing.
“What I am?” Zach asked, then looked at Maggie. “What am I?!”
“Even Maggie can’t look at my eyes without getting terrified,” Cassy explained. Zach’s head darted back to Cassy.
“But they’re so pretty,” Zach said, then suddenly realized what he had admitted. He looked at his feet. Oh great! He had just told his boss that her eyes were pretty. That was about par for the course. If things were bad, and they were certainly bad, he could count on his mouth to make them worse.
Maggie rolled her eyes, then hopped off the desk. As she walked by Zach, she rubbed against his ankles and looked up into his eyes.
“You’re something, Zach. But like Cassy, we have no idea what that is.” Maggie continued on, then brushed against Cassy’s ankles as she headed toward the door. “You two have fun. I’m feeling like the third wheel here.” She bared her teeth at Cassy then stuck out her tongue. Cassy put her fingers to her lips to hush Maggie as Maggie flipped her tail and walked out.
“So that lady. Rebecca. What was she?” Zach asked. He slid down the edge of the bookcase then let himself fall into a sitting position. He landed with a thud. This wasn’t a dream, and he wasn’t nuts. The only other possible explanation was that monsters were real and Cassy was telling the truth.
“At least you’re sitting now. All that pacing was making ME tired.” Cassy laughed then let herself slide down the bookcase. She landed more gracefully than Zach had, but the mimicking of his actions made Zach smile.
“You’re not making this up, are you?” Zach asked, much calmer now. Maybe this wouldn’t be so bad.
“A talking cat. A woman who can change how she looks? No. I’m not making it up, and you’re not nuts.” Cassy wanted to explain what Rebecca was but needed Zach to calm down first. As soon as he realized he had kissed a dhampir, and what a dhampir was, he would probably freak out again.
“This is a lot,” Zach said and pulled up his knees. He set his elbows on them, then cradled his head. In a few moments, he looked up at Cassy, still holding his head. “And you have no idea what I am?”
“Nope,” Cassy replied. “I just know you’re not human. Probably whatever I am, but who knows?”
“So, you have powers?” Zach asked. He released his head and propped his chin on his hands. He was starting to get a grip on his new reality, and what came next was curiosity.
“Not really powers. I’m strong, really strong, and I can hold my breath for…well…” Cassy laughed. “My dad used to tell me the story of when I was six. We had this pool in the back yard. I, somehow, ended up in it, at the bottom.”
“At the bottom?” Zach asked. He hung on every word. His new reality was scary, but at least he had Cassy to guide him through it. He trusted Cassy, and he had no idea why. He had known her for one day, and he already trusted her more than anyone he’d ever met. There was just something about her. Something familiar. Something…nope, he wasn’t going to say that. Not even in his head. Cassy was his boss, that was all, nothing more.
“I was just sitting there…on the bottom, when they found me. My mom and dad freaked out,” Cassy said with a laugh. “Took mom nearly an hour to calm down. Dad knew right away.”
“So?” Zach asked.
“So. After that, I spent quite a bit of time in that pool. When I wanted privacy as a teenager. When I wanted Maggie to quit picking on me.” She paused and leaned forward. “I can breathe underwater.”
“Oh, damn. That’s cool!” Zach said. The fear had subsided. His head no longer felt like it was going to explode and, somehow, Cassy breathing underwater was the least strange thing that had happened all night. It almost seemed natural. A woman with eyes like the clear water from his childhood should be able to breathe underwater. She did smell like the ocean, after all.
Cassy felt strangely proud at that moment. Telling someone about her special abilities usually left her feeling out of place or embarrassed but not with Zach.
“Oh yeah,” Cassy said with a devious look. “I also have these.”
She held out her left hand, and claws popped out of her fingertips. They were white and curved but not very long. At first, Zach pulled back then curiosity set in. He stared intently at the delicate and pretty, white claws. They looked very sharp, but he wasn’t afraid.
As Zach stared on, he realized that he should be terrified. Why was he afraid of a serial killer and not afraid of his boss…the one with claws? Something about Cassy told him that she would never hurt him. It was a strange feeling that he couldn’t explain. Her eyes, and even her smile gave him a calmness like he had never felt before. Why? Maybe they were the same. Then something occurred to him.
“I don’t think I’m what you are,” Zach said. He held up his hand and flipped it over. “No claws.”
“Maybe. But I didn’t even know I had them until I was nineteen.” Cassy’s smile turned angry. “Not until that bitch decided to slap me.”
“You gotta tell me that one,” Zach said with an urgency and a smile that Cassy couldn’t say no to. He slid his legs out and put one on top of the other. Then he crossed his arms, leaned back and waited.
“Fine,” Cassy said as she rolled her eyes and pretended to shift uncomfortably. She wouldn’t dare tell him the whole story, but she could be vague and avoid the painful memory, while still giving Zach enough to satisfy his curiosity.
Truthfully, she had longed for the day when someone was interested in her ‘other half’. Her sister and father were always there for her, and they would listen, but it wasn’t the same thing. Having someone like herself actually interested? This was something new, and despite her outward appearance, she loved every minute of it.
Cassy and Zach talked for hours, well into the night. By the time they said goodnight it was three AM. Cassy had explained everything about Rebecca, except why Zach had been following her. She wasn’t ready to tell him that. She didn’t think he could handle following a potential murderer, at least not yet. To her surprise, Zach was very receptive. Zach explained the illusion he saw of the gorgeous redhead he had followed all day. He even agreed to keep watching Rebecca. The dhampir was clearly repulsed by him, though neither of them knew why.
As Cassy walked up the stairs, her tired brain wondered how anyone could react the way Rebecca had. It was Zach. He was an attractive man. What could have turned Rebecca off so violently? She had never read about a dhampir acting that way before.
After her sister’s teasing and insinuations, Cassy was finally allowed to get some sleep. But as she drifted off, something occurred to her. Something her frazzled brain hadn’t put together earlier. She had seen the same illusion as Zach. No one saw the same illusion from a dhampir. Her connection to Zach was something that was not in her dad’s books, but it was certain now. They were definitely connected. The question was, how?

Chapter 7
Zach stumbled into the office at ten minutes before nine the next morning. He cringed as he shut the brand-new door and waited for Cassy to start yelling. To his surprise, a sleepy-eyed, mop-headed Cassy slinked down the stairs as she squinted her eyes.
“Oh, good. I’m not that late,” Cassy said. Her clothes looked slept in, and her hair was a mess. A cute mess, but still a mess.
“Sorry, boss,” Zach apologized as he made his way to his chair.
“Figured you’d be in my office by now. Pulling book after book from the shelves,” Cassy joked. She headed to her office, so Zach changed directions and followed. “Glad you came in. The other possibility was you running off to call the funny farm on me.”
“Believe me. I thought about it,” Zach replied. “But I’d have to join you.” He laughed as Cassy looked through the books on one of the shelves until she found the one she was looking for.
“This should help.” She pulled the book out and handed it to Zach.
“Dhampir, hmm. I suppose this would be helpful. And it’s in English.” Zach flipped open the book and saw a drawing of something similar to what Rebecca had become.
After handing Zach the book, she headed to her desk then changed her mind.
“I’m going to go take a shower,” she said as she patted Zach on the shoulder. “Do your homework, then we’ll both watch her today.”
“I still don’t get why we’re watching her. Are we trying to help her? Isn’t that what your dad did?” Zach asked after Cassy was nearly to the stairs.
He knew something was wrong the moment she stopped. The feeling grew stronger when she sighed then turned around with a look that told him he’d stuck his foot in his mouth again.
Cassy knew she had to tell him all of it now. He had come back. She just hoped he was ready.
“She might be the one who killed my dad,” Cassy said sadly then turned and headed upstairs.
“Oh,” Zach said then, after a few moments, he yelled after her. “I hope you don’t fire me! I stick my foot in my mouth quite a bit!”
“I’m not going to fire you for asking questions nor for being honest! Kissing someone you were tailing! That’s another story!” Cassy yelled back, and Zach could hear her smile.
“Hey, now! I had no idea she was going to kiss me!” he yelled as he walked closer to the stairs with his book.
“Sure, sure,” Cassy said loudly. She peeked over the railing, and she was, indeed, smiling.
Zach looked up and smiled back.
“I’ll be more careful next time, boss,” he said, then headed toward his desk.
Cassy started to whisper as she continued on toward her room.
“You’d better,” she snickered.
Zach heard something from Cassy but couldn’t make out what she was saying. He was far too interested in the words printed in the book to even ask what she’d said. Besides, she was probably talking to her cat…sister.
Zach read through the first thirty pages while Cassy was showering and getting ready for the day. The descriptions and warnings about dhampir seemed accurate and reasonable. He wondered what he could be that would cause such a reaction in a dhampir. Kissing or sex was how they drained energy. The author of this particular book even thought that the lore of the succubus and incubus were, more than likely, describing dhampir.
When Zach looked up from his book, he saw Cassy and was again admiring her choice of ‘work clothes.’ Today she had on jeans that fit her more tightly than the ones from yesterday. They looked stretchy and hugged every curve of her body. Then there was her cut-off shirt, which left little to the imagination. It clung to her chest and left her midriff bare. But, then again, women wore swimsuits that covered practically nothing. It was just a little uncomfortable to see his new boss in something so revealing. She wasn’t bad looking, in fact, he’d say she was nearly perfect. The only thing keeping her from being perfect was her hair color.
“What’s that look for?” Cassy asked then smirked when Zach looked away.
“Nothing. Just wondering how you’re going to sneak around dressed like that,” Zach stated. He couldn’t stop the corner of his mouth from curling into half a smile, so he tried to keep his face hidden.
“You’re one to talk,” Cassy replied then headed to his desk. She used her index finger and thumb to pinch the sleeve of his shirt then let it snap back. “Showing off for Rebecca?”
Zach had on a tight shirt that emphasized how fit he was. Even his jeans looked to be a choice rather than a happy accident.
“No. Just wearing something comfortable.” He raised his eyebrows and smiled at Cassy. “You?”
“Me what?” she asked.
“You showing off for someone?” he asked with a snicker.
“Umm…no. Just wearing something comfortable,” she replied.
The smile and the way she looked up and away told Zach it was a lie. Who exactly was she dressing up for?
“Well, then. Since we’re both wearing something comfortable, let’s get to work,” he said and stood. He’d have plenty of time to find out who Cassy was dressing up for later. After all, they were going to spend the day in Cassy’s car.
As he looked down at Cassy, she stared back at him. She wasn’t sure if he was ‘hypnotized’ by her eyes or if it was something else, but he didn’t look away. After a few awkward moments, Cassy spoke.
“We better get going,” she said and forced herself to look away. She grabbed a bag she had ready behind the counter, slung it over her shoulder, then headed for the door.
“Going to be a long one?” Zach asked as he stared at the bag.
“I told you. You don’t get overtime!” she said loudly as she walked out the door.
“Wasn’t asking for overtime,” he said quietly with a grin then followed her out the door.

Chapter 8
Midnight rolled around, and Zach was starting to get tired. Cassy slept beside him in the driver’s seat of the car. It was an older car. If he had been into muscle cars, which he wasn’t, he probably would have had wet dreams about this car. It was a seventy-eight mustang II, blue with original interior. Cassy had gone on for hours while they sat and waited for Rebecca. Zach was certain he knew every detail of this car down to the vintage hub caps that Cassy and her father had scoured the country for. He knew why this car meant so much to her. It had been a project she and her father had shared. He just wished he could get as worked up as she did. He felt like he was letting her down when he wasn’t excited.
Thankfully, Cassy didn’t seem to notice his lack of enthusiasm. She just kept going on and on, reciting every improvement, every repair and all the parts they’d had to search for. To Cassy, it was a reminder of time spent with her father, to Zach, it was just a nice looking car.
Out of the corner of his eye, he saw Rebecca. To him, she still looked like the voluptuous redhead, but to the man she was with, she was a long-legged, skinny blonde with a huge chest. The man couldn’t take his eyes off her as they walked down the street.
Zach quickly elbowed Cassy who stirred but didn’t wake up.
“Go away,” she said without opening her eyes.
“Cassy,” he whispered. Why was he whispering? They were in a car, almost a block away. “Cassy.” He used his normal voice this time and turned to her.
Cassy grabbed his hand and pulled his arm to her chest. She snuggled against his arm; then her eyes shot open. She looked up at Zach uncomfortably, pasted on a fake smile, then pushed his hand away.
“Sorry,” she said as she scrunched up her face.
“Nice dreams?” Zach asked.
“You could say that. Is there a reason you interrupted them?” she asked, trying to cover her embarrassment.
Zach pointed out the window, and Cassy followed his finger.
“Holy Hell! Who’s that guy?” Cassy asked.
“No clue. It’s not the guy she went in with,” Zach replied.
“So here’s the plan,” Cassy said as she wiped the sleep from her eyes and sat up. “I’ll follow her.” She stared at Zach waiting for protest, but there was none. “She doesn’t like women.”
“I get it,” Zach replied. He wasn’t about to end up on the other side of Rebecca’s kiss again. Not only was it unprofessional, it seemed to annoy Cassy. Not annoying Cassy was suddenly very important to Zach, though he couldn’t quite figure out why. “I won’t let her kiss me again.”
“Who says that’s why I’m following her?” Cassy teased. “Anyway…you find out what she did with the guy she went in with.”
“Ok. But what if he’s hurt? Do I call an ambulance? Is there some special kind of doctor for things like this?” Zach asked.
“Just call an ambulance you dork. The guy isn’t supernatural, she is,” Cassy said then smacked him on the chest and got out.
“You’re walking?” Zach asked then got out himself.
Cassy patted the car lovingly and smiled.
“I can’t exactly go unnoticed in my baby. He’s loud and flashy…but that’s kinda the point,” she said, and Zach just rolled his eyes.
Cassy walked around the car and reached into Zach’s front pocket. He held up his hands, not sure what else to do. When she pulled out his cell phone and started typing in her number, he understood.
“Call if you run into any trouble,” Cassy said then started jogging after Rebecca.
“Don’t you need my number?” Zach asked.
“I already got it,” Cassy yelled back at him.
How the hell did she get his number? Zach looked at his phone and pulled up the call logs. Nope, not showing on the screen. He hadn’t called her. He didn’t know her number, how could he have called? He also hadn’t filled out an application. All the paperwork he had filled out was information for taxes. None of it included his phone number. This oddity deserved a conversation, but right now, he needed to make sure Rebecca’s date was still alive.
Zach rushed into the restaurant, and the waiter at the front desk tried to stop him, but Zach wasn’t small, and the waiter was. Zach easily pushed by the man and was in the middle of the dining room before anyone could do a thing about it. He scoured the room and vaguely registered the doorman as he called for security.
The place was expensive, the type of expensive that would cost Zach a month’s salary, even a month working for Cassy. This time Rebecca had picked a rich man. Knowing what she really was, he laughed at the fact that he had taken her for a serial killer yesterday. She wasn’t a serial killer. She was an energy vampire looking for someone who tasted good. Or at least he thought so. The book wasn’t specific on that. It was surmised that dhampir were looking for a certain type of energy with a specific taste. Dhampir were secretive and rare. They weren’t exactly standing in line to explain how they hunted. So it was all hearsay and anecdotal evidence, but it did make sense.
Zach knew from the book that dhampir never killed humans, but Cassy’s father might be an indication that Rebecca wasn’t like normal dhampir. If this man was dead, then they weren’t just chasing a sex-crazed energy feeder, they were chasing a murderer.
When Zach didn’t see the man, he rushed to the bathroom. He pushed in all the stall doors but still nothing. Next, he rushed back out to the dining room and spotted the man, slumped in a corner and he didn’t look so good. Halfway to the man three other men, Zach assumed were security guards, grabbed Zach and tried to stop him. In Zach’s agitated state, he barely noticed as he knocked all three men to the ground.
He reached the unconscious man and quickly put his fingers on his neck. Rebecca’s date was still alive. The man opened his eyes and stared at Zach like he was drunk then donned a very satisfied smile.
“Hello, young man. Have you seen my date?” he asked. “I can’t believe how much she looks like my Stacy.”
Zach knew exactly what had happened. This poor man had seen the illusion of a woman he loved and would spend the next week sick in bed. It was all spelled out in the book he had read. For a moment, Zach was disappointed. What would he tell Cassy? Then he realized what he was thinking. Did he really want this man to be dead so Cassy could find her father’s killer? And why was Zach so concerned with giving Cassy what she wanted? It seemed like more than an employee wanting to please a boss. Just as Zach was pondering this, the three large men grabbed him once more.
“I think it’s time for you to leave, sir,” one of them said.
Each of these men was larger and heavier than Zach. Maybe he was like Cassy after all. She said she was strong. He had toppled these three like they were pillows. He hadn’t even tried that hard. He had seen them but hadn’t really registered how large they were, until now.
As they escorted him out of the restaurant, he smiled and wondered how much like Cassy he was. Could he breathe underwater? Did he have claws? These were certainly things he would need to find out. As they tossed him out the front door, Zach’s smile grew. The three large men were just lucky he didn’t want to stay. He felt the power his muscles had hidden for so long, and he liked how it felt. Now if he could just figure out how to use it on command.

Chapter 9
Cassy snuck into the dirty, dark alley. Rebecca was almost a hundred feet in front of her with her new date. The two of them were lit by the street lights. As Cassy watched, she wondered. Is this how her father had been tricked? Had Rebecca lured him into a trap just like this one? Cassy knew what the alley Conner had been killed in looked like. She had been the first one on the scene, though she regretted her decision even now.
Conner had been thrown against the brick walls of the alley. The bloody stains at eight feet high were proof of that. He had been beaten and thrown, then when the killer had decided it was enough, he or she had snapped her father’s neck. This told Cassy that the killer had been angry. Angry about what? She didn’t know. But her father’s death had not been defensive nor an accident. The killer wanted Connor to know that he or she was angry before Connor was allowed to die.
This encounter would go much differently than her father’s. Cassy was far stronger than he had been. Cassy looked down and watched her claws ease out of her fingertips. If Rebecca had been the one to lure Connor to his death, then she was in for a big surprise. Rebecca would be the one not leaving the alley tonight.
Cassy returned her attention to the scene in front of her as she hid behind a garbage dumpster. The man looked like he worked at the restaurant they had just left. His black tux, tie, and dress shoes could either be a waiter or a doorman for the fancy restaurant. The man was at least six foot, probably more. His dark black hair went below his ears and was pushed back. He had probably used hair spray or gel to keep it that way. To Cassy, he looked greasy, but some women went for that sort of thing.
As the large man stumbled forward, Rebecca caught him.
“Are you sure you want to do this?” she asked.
“Of course I do. You’re amazing.” His glassy stare told Cassy that the man was in no state to understand what he was agreeing to, but Zach hadn’t been under a spell. Why hadn’t she mesmerized Zach? Why hadn’t she asked Zach’s permission? She had kissed Zach without warning. Why?
“You will be sick for a while after this.” She smiled widely while the man leaned closer, trying to kiss her. She put her hand over his mouth. “You have to agree first.”
“Yes. Yes. I agree!” he said loudly then pulled Rebecca’s hand away. He grabbed both her wrists, then his expression changed. It looked like the trance had suddenly broken, but Rebecca continued smiling. “I don’t think I’ll be the one feeling sick afterward.” He looked at her hatefully, almost disgusted by her.
Cassy stared on in amazement. She had never seen a dhampir up close. This was fascinating. Why had the trance faded? Did Rebecca let it happen? This was getting interesting. There was so much to learn about dhampir that Cassy had almost forgotten why she’d followed Rebecca in the first place.
“There’s the real you,” Rebecca stated, unafraid.
The man pulled her wrists together while Rebecca just grinned evilly. Then he pulled a knife from his back pocket.
“What are the chances someone like you found me?” he asked, and his evil stare grew more frightening as he put the knife to her throat. “Scream. No one is here. I like it when you sluts scream.”
Cassy couldn’t take it anymore. Her fascination was replaced with concern, concern for Rebecca. Letting Rebecca die would not help her find her father’s killer. Rebecca was the only lead. She might have killed him, or she might have just been a witness. If Cassy let her die, then she would never find out the truth. Cassy stepped out of the shadows and started walking toward them. She raised her hand and waved as she got closer.
“I’m here,” she said.
The man turned, and his expression changed once more. He looked very pleased.
“Two for…” he started, but Rebecca just rolled her eyes, removed her wrists from his grip then kissed him on the lips. Cassy saw the man’s posture slouch then he stumbled and fell backward.
“I had that,” Rebecca chastised.
“How the hell was I supposed to know?” Cassy asked, throwing her arms up. “I’ve never met a dhampir before. The books don’t say how strong you are.”
Rebecca put one hand on her hip and the other to her chin then inhaled deeply through her nose.
“You’re like that guy, Zach, but different somehow. What are you two?” Rebecca asked. She wasn’t afraid, just curious.
“Was hoping you could tell me,” Cassy said as she stopped right in front of Rebecca.
The two women stared at each other, the tension rising, until Rebecca finally backed down. She took a step back, and Cassy knew why. It was her eyes. Only Zach could look into her eyes.
“I was going to drop him off at the police station but be my guest,” she said, trying to cover the fear which was now showing.
Cassy looked at her strangely. She had gotten quite good at reading people, with her dad’s help, and Rebecca was easy to read. Her thoughts drifted. Why was Zach so hard? With most people, she got a sense right away and could almost tell you what they were going to say or do but not Zach. She had a vague idea what the man wanted, or didn’t want, but that was about it. And even those ideas were uncertain and, quite often, wrong.
Cassy pulled herself back and bent down to check the man’s pulse. He was still alive.
“Why are you afraid of me?” Cassy asked.
“Honestly, I have no idea. Something about the way you smell and those eyes.” Rebecca took another step back and was against the side of the alley now.
Cassy stood and stared into her eyes.
“What is it? What do you see?” Cassy asked.
Rebecca stared directly into Cassy’s eyes once more, then looked away.
“That’s worse than the way you smell! I have no idea what you are. What do you want?” Rebecca asked with her head turned and her eyes shut.
“What happened with my father?” Cassy asked angrily. She put one hand on the wall beside Rebecca to keep her from running. Then she grinned as she made her claws come out. Rebecca opened her eyes then backed away.
“Who is your father?” Rebecca asked. She accidentally looked at Cassy’s eyes again then stared at her feet and cowered against the wall.
“Connor…” Cassy started, but the fear on Rebecca’s face was now sheer terror.
“Connor Mousman?” Rebecca asked and slid along the wall, trying to get farther away.
“Yes,” Cassy said adamantly and took a step closer. Rebecca wasn’t getting away. This alley was a dead end. In about twenty feet, there would be nowhere for her to go.
“I didn’t do that. The smell…it was like your boyfriend. At first, I thought it was him, but it’s not. They are almost the same but not identical,” Rebecca said and slid farther back along the wall.
“He’s not my boyfriend, and how do you know it wasn’t Zach?” Cassy asked, taking a step closer.
Rebecca turned and tried to run, but she soon found the wall. She looked right then left then up. There was nowhere to go. She was strong and fast but not like her father, the vampire. She couldn’t scale a wall before, whatever Cassy was, caught her, and this wall was two stories high. Resigned to her fate, she turned around and did the only thing she could.
“Ok. Ok. I’ll tell you everything. Just don’t kill me,” Rebecca pleaded.
Cassy sauntered forward until she was about five feet away from Rebecca. She stood in the middle of the alley with her arms crossed.
“I’m not going to kill you…unless you lie,” Cassy said with a sneer. Truthfully, she wouldn’t kill Rebecca, it just sounded good.
“The smell in the alley, by your father’s body, was older. Much older. That guy, Zach? He’s not old enough. He’s really young.” Rebecca pushed herself against the wall and waited for Cassy to strike. “I didn’t know until I was closer to Zach. They smell so similar.”
“Why did you kiss Zach?” Cassy asked. It had nothing to do with her father’s murder, but it was something that was bugging her. She wasn’t even sure why it was bugging her. Zach was his own person. He could kiss who he liked. It hadn’t hindered their investigation at all. Why did it matter so much?
“I don’t know. He’s cute. I didn’t mean to intrude,” Rebecca apologized.
“And why did you scream and run away afterward?” Cassy asked, ignoring the insinuation.
“The taste…it was like kissing...how do I explain it?” She looked deep in thought, then she smiled. “It was like kissing a fireplace. Ash. Fire. Heat. It was sort of painful.”
Cassy scrunched up her face then looked down. Maybe Zach wasn’t whatever she was. What did Rebecca mean by painful? But this was not a question she wanted to ask out loud. Then she had another thought.
“What did you mean we’re the same but different?” Cassy asked.
Rebecca lifted her face and breathed in deeply through her nose again. She smiled.
“You smell sweet and cold, but there’s something the same about you. If he’s a fireplace…or wait…he’s like lava, then you are like an ocean, or maybe an iceberg.” Rebecca smiled.
“What the hell does that even mean?” Cassy asked. “And how are we the same?”
“I can’t explain it. You’re just the same but…different,” Rebecca said. Her smile left, and now she looked worried again. “Please don’t kill me.”
“I’m not going to kill you,” Cassy said with agitation then turned around and headed back toward the man who had tried to kill Rebecca.
“Will you protect me?” Rebecca asked, now she was following Cassy.
“Protect you?” Cassy asked as she bent down to look at Rebecca’s victim. He was very handsome. If it wasn’t for the greasy hair, she might have been interested. Then she realized. No. She wouldn’t be interested in this man, and it had nothing to do with him nor his looks. It had everything to do with Zach, and this realization frustrated Cassy.
“The other one…the old one. He’s looking for me. I think.” Rebecca stopped right behind Cassy and waited.
Cassy stood up and turned to face Rebecca, who wouldn’t stare into her eyes.
“What do you mean?” Cassy asked.
“The one who was in the alley with your father. I keep smelling him. I thought it was Zach, but it’s not. I can’t get away from him. I’m not sure why he’s following me. Maybe he wants to hurt me too. You’re like he is. You can protect me. There’s two of you,” Rebecca explained. She looked at Cassy’s forehead the whole time she spoke.
“The man who killed my father is after you?” Cassy asked, and a devious grin filled her face.
“I don’t know if he killed your father and you don’t have to look so pleased about it,” Rebecca said annoyance.
“Why would he want you?” Cassy asked, still unable to remove her smile.
“I don’t know. Maybe because I could smell him? Maybe because of what Connor…your dad, wanted to know?” Rebecca was grasping at straws, and Cassy could tell. Rebecca had no idea why the killer wanted her.
“Wait.” Cassy realized what Rebecca was saying. “My dad spoke to you? What did my dad ask you about?” This didn’t make sense. Her father hadn’t met with Rebecca.
“Ok. So he didn’t tell me much. He found me that night, right before the alley incident. Just walked up to me in a bar and started asking questions. I found it all a little weird, but he was sweet. He said he knew this girl…with…oh shit! He was asking about you!” Rebecca said. The thoughts that had evaded her all slammed into her brain at once. “You’re the one who can breathe underwater, right?!”
“Yep, that’s me,” Cassy said proudly.
“He wanted to know about your parents, but I didn’t know anything. Then he asked me to contact my father, but I haven’t seen him in, well over, forty years. He seemed like a sweet guy. I thought that was the end of it then he followed me home, and I figured why not? I’ll have a little fun; he’ll have a little fun. I was even going to try and contact my dad for him too but then…” Rebecca looked calmer now, and her fear of Cassy had faded.
“Your father is the vampire parent?” Cassy asked, even though she knew the answer.
“Yes,” Rebecca replied. “Maybe my father can help you find your parents.”
“Maybe,” Cassy said absentmindedly. She looked down and thought for a moment then stared at Rebecca sternly. “Fine. I’ll protect you but stay away from Zach.”
“Believe me. He’s all yours,” Rebecca said with a grin. “You can kiss the fireplace if you want to.”
“Hey, now! I never said I was going to kiss him!” Cassy argued.
“You didn’t say it with words,” Rebecca said and walked by Cassy. “You got that guy right?” she asked as she motioned to the man on the ground.
“Oh, sure. I’ll just carry the unconscious man twice my size. Don’t worry. I got this.” Cassy picked him up and threw him over her shoulder. He really wasn’t heavy. It was just Rebecca’s attitude that was frustrating. Not to mention, Cassy was desperately trying not to think about Zach. Rebecca had struck a nerve…or, more accurately, caused Cassy to think about things she wasn’t ready to admit. Why couldn’t she quit thinking about kissing Zach? That could never happen.
After depositing Rebecca’s victim at the local police station and explaining how two women had overpowered a man his size, Cassy took Rebecca to an apartment across from her office. It was one her father had purchased for situations just like this. No one lived here. It was just for protecting supernaturals that were in some kind of trouble.
When she eventually made it back to the office, Zach was there waiting. He sat on the front step of the office. He had parked Cassy’s car right in front and held out the keys as he stood to greet her.
“Did you get her? You didn’t kill her, did you?” Zach asked with concern.
“No, I didn’t kill your new girlfriend,” Cassy said spitefully.
“Girlfriend? Hey, now!” Zach argued as he followed Cassy inside.
“It’s late, Zach. I need to get some sleep,” Cassy replied full of frustration. If Zach wanted someone like Rebecca, he could have her. She had seen the illusion, and the woman was gorgeous.
Why was she so frustrated with Zach? She didn’t want Zach. Even though she couldn’t stop thinking about kissing him, she didn’t want him. It was just Rebecca’s insinuations and all her talk about kissing him. She had just planted the notion. That’s all it was. And it would go away.
Despite the frustration that she didn’t understand, she needed to ask Zach about the illusion. She turned abruptly, and Zach nearly smashed into her. “How did I see what you saw?”
“What do you mean?” Zach asked and took a step back.
“I saw the same illusion you did. The curvy redhead. How? You read the book. That’s not possible,” Cassy replied.
“You’re right,” Zach agreed. “Every person gets their own illusion.” He stared deeply into Cassy’s eyes, and a smile started. He had completely forgotten about the strangeness of sharing an illusion and just stared.
“Quit that!” Cassy said then turned and headed toward the counter.
“Sorry,” Zach replied.
Secretly, Cassy hid a smile. She really didn’t want him to quit but now was not the time to start something with anyone, let alone Zach. Things with her father’s death were complicated and messy. The killer was still out there, and she had no idea who or, more importantly, what the mystery man was.
“So, what did you do with Rebecca?” Zach asked.
“She’s in my dad’s safe house,” Cassy replied. She leaned against the counter but still didn’t turn to face Zach. If she could only wipe the stupid grin from her face but the more she tried, the more it grew. Zach was interested, at least it seemed that way. If only things weren’t so complicated right now. Maybe she did want him, a little, but she couldn’t have him.
“So we’re helping her now?” Zach asked, confused.
“She didn’t kill my dad, but she can identify the man who did…I think. Either that, or another witness. We still know next to nothing,” Cassy said and was finally able to remove her smile. She turned and stared at Zach blankly.
“She saw him?” Zach asked hopefully.
“No. She knows what he smells like,” Cassy explained.
Zach lifted one eyebrow and smirked then realized Cassy was serious.
“Oh. That isn’t a joke?” Zach asked.
“Nope,” Cassy replied and headed toward her room. “I’m heading to bed. See you in the morning.”
As much as she wanted to keep talking to Zach, she knew it was a bad idea. It was after two, again, and this was getting to be a habit. She couldn’t start something with Zach, and it seemed like that was where this was heading. As much as she hated it, she just couldn’t. Not until her father’s killer was dealt with and, the part she dreaded, telling Zach that she had been the one who set him up to get fired. Complicated didn’t even begin to cover what was going on with Zach. If he had been anyone else, she would have jumped at the chance to have something with him. But not with Zach, not now, maybe not ever.
“Night, boss. See you in the morning,” Zach said sadly and hung his head as he made his way to the door.
Cassy stopped at the stairs and watched him leave. It sucked, but it was necessary. She just had to keep him at a distance until she could finish with her father’s murder. After that, she’d tell Zach the truth of why he was fired and hope that, by then, he wouldn’t care. They were linked in a way that she didn’t understand. She hoped that after everything was out in the open, they could still be friends, but she wasn’t counting on it. People tended to have adverse reactions to being lied to. And even though she did it to help him, she had lied and manipulated him. For most people, that would be unforgivable. She knew what it felt like to be on Zach’s end of the lies all too well. And she wouldn’t blame him if he hated her.

Chapter 10
Zach walked into the apartment building. The one across the street from the office where he worked. He had found a strange note on his desk when he arrived that morning. It said, ‘Across the street, room 205, bring doughnuts.’ Cassy had signed it and even put a funny, smiley face underneath her signature. So, he did as he was told.
As he climbed the steps, he smirked while he thought of his crazy, not so crazy, boss. She was certainly strange, but she wasn’t nuts. Her methods were unusual, her wardrobe unorthodox but that was half the fun of working with Cassy Mousman. And he had only been on the job a few days. Who knew what else was in store for him? It was exciting and provocative. He was starting to get the feeling that he had found something he didn’t even know he was looking for.
This was his third real day of work, and so far he had found out that he was some supernatural being, his boss was a really cool supernatural being, and the people they helped were supernatural beings. Also, and this one made him smile even more, Cassy’s sister was a talking cat. He hadn’t spoken to Maggie since the night he found out, but she seemed…only about half as strange as Cassy. Which, by Zach’s new standards, made her half as interesting, but interesting none the less.
Cassy opened the door before Zach could knock then snatched the box of doughnuts from him nervously before heading toward the table. The moment Zach saw Rebecca, he was enthralled. She wore blue jeans and a button up blouse with long frilly sleeves. Rebecca looked at Zach with confusion then turned to Cassy.
“I thought you said…” she started but stopped abruptly when Cassy put her finger to her lips.
“What’s going on?” Zach asked.
Cassy hurried back to Zach and ushered him out the door.
“I need you to watch from out here. Use your cell phone to grab a pic of anyone suspicious,” Cassy said, and Zach could sense her apprehension.
“What’s wrong?” Zach asked.
“I need to find out information from Rebecca while you…” she said and sat him down on a chair in the hall. She smiled kindly at him, then continued. “Keep an eye out for the person trying to kill her.”
“You’re acting strange,” Zach said. He stared up at her, waiting.
“Just a lot on my mind today. We need to find this guy before he kills her.” Cassy tried to head back in, but Zach grabbed her wrist. She stopped and looked down at him with regret and fear.
“Can I at least get a couple doughnuts?” he asked, and Cassy sighed in relief.
“Sure,” she replied, then disappeared into the apartment. After a few moments, she returned with three doughnuts. “You good?” she asked as she waited impatiently. She needed to avoid Zach for now. Working with him would be difficult but, hopefully, they would be done with this job in a day or two. Then she would need to tell him the truth. It was getting harder and harder to hide what she’d done. She was really starting to like working with him. He was honest, a little naive, but very open-minded. Being handsome didn’t hurt anything either.
“Water?” he asked, his mouth half full of doughnut.
“Sure,” she replied and disappeared once more. When she returned with a bottle of water, she noticed Zach’s stupid smirk. “What now?”
“This job isn’t half bad. My boss brings me snacks while I relax. Way better than my last job.” Zach laughed, and Cassy couldn’t stop her smile.
“Laugh it up. Next time I’m the one watching the hall,” Cassy said then started back inside. Once again, Zach grabbed her wrist.
“We could switch,” Zach offered.
“Right. Cause you could keep your lips to yourself?” Cassy asked with a raised eyebrow.
“I’ll watch the hall,” Zach relented and released her wrist.
Cassy returned inside and sat on the couch. She watched Rebecca grab a doughnut and sit in the chair opposite her.
“So. What do we do now?” Rebecca asked.
“I guess we just wait,” Cassy replied. They sat for a few moments then Cassy felt the urge to ask. “Why can I see the illusion you have for Zach?”
Rebecca finished chewing, then smiled.
Cassy’s face went white, and she turned away.
“Never mind!” Cassy shouted.
“I didn’t think you were ready to hear that,” Rebecca said with a laugh. “You two haven’t even…?”
“Hell, no!” Cassy said adamantly as she stood. She paced in the living room then stopped and looked down at Rebecca. She motioned to Rebecca. “You’re perfect. How can I even compete?”
“So, you want to compete?” Rebecca asked slyly.
“I didn’t say that,” Cassy said then sat back down on the couch.
“Didn’t you?” Rebecca asked.
“No. I didn’t,” Cassy said then crossed her arms and legs. “I just meant that even if I did want to, which I don’t. I wouldn’t stand a chance.” Cassy turned her head away.
“I’ve seen a lot of love and lust in my life. Lust is about physical beauty. Lust is easy and over in an instant. Love is emotional and very irrational. It makes no sense and is very difficult to hide from,” Rebecca explained.
“So? What does that have to do with me?” Cassy asked and still wouldn’t look at Rebecca.
“When it comes right down to it. Even I can’t compete with love,” Rebecca said and grinned. She waited for Cassy to turn then she raised an eyebrow and asked. “You sure you don’t want to compete?”
“Let’s talk about something else,” Cassy said then stood once more.
“It’s clearly what’s on your mind, but the choice is yours,” Rebecca said. Rebecca took another bite of doughnut smugly while she waited for Cassy.
Cassy put her hands on her hips then looked at Rebecca again. This was more complicated than Rebecca could understand. She only knew half of what was going on. Cassy had lied to Zach and tricked him into working with her. She didn’t want Zach to fall in love with her. She just wanted to be friends with him. He was amusing in a ‘child looking at the world for the first time’ kind of way. He was funny and smart. Ok, maybe she did see something more than friendship in their future, but that was far, far in the future. And that was only if he didn’t end up hating her for what she’d done.
“I mean, we don’t even really know each other. I just met him a few days ago,” Cassy explained. Her explanation sounded pathetic even to herself. “We’re linked to the same stupid, mysterious puzzle, and I just want to be his friend.”
“You need to understand something. Love is one of the most mysterious concepts in the universe. There is no time limit, no logic to it. It either is, or it isn’t. One day you’re happy to be alone and single then…poof…love. You could fall in love with your best friend of twenty years or…” Rebecca smirked. “You could fall for the guy you just met.” Rebecca’s smirk was driving Cassy nuts.
“It’s not like that,” Cassy said then crossed her arms in victory. “I just want to be his friend.”
“You sure about that?” Rebecca asked.
“Yes, I’m sure,” Cassy replied.
“As I see it you have two options…assuming you don’t hate him,” Rebecca started. She paused and smirked at Cassy. “You see him and want sex…lust. You talk to him and want more…love.” There was no way Cassy hated Zach, and she knew which of the two options she was leaning toward.
“There is another option,” Cassy protested, now less sure of her victory. Confusion spread across her face.
It was clear to Rebecca that Cassy was falling for Zach but was either too afraid or too stubborn to admit it.
“Friends?” Rebecca asked with a grin that made Cassy want to slap her.
“Yes! Friends!” Cassy said with her hands on her hips.
“Then it’s inescapable,” Rebecca said with a laugh.
“What’s that supposed to mean?” Cassy asked.
“You’re already screwed. Pardon the pun.” She laughed louder, which only annoyed Cassy more.
“Wait. What?” Cassy paused. “I said I just want to be his friend.”
“Maybe not tomorrow. Maybe not next month. But, unless something drastically changes, it is inevitable,” Rebecca said then crossed her arms in defiance.
“People can be friends,” Cassy said.
“People can be friends…I highly doubt you and Zach can be friends,” Rebecca said matter-of-factly.
“Why? What do you know?” Cassy asked, begging for an explanation.
“I can’t put my finger on it. It’s a feeling. Every time you talk. The body language maybe. The way you look at each other. There’s just something else there.” Rebecca let her explanation hang as she stared off.
“You’re seeing things. Maybe we’re…umm…maybe we’re siblings.” Cassy said with satisfaction. She had Rebecca now. Then the idea sunk in. She didn’t want to be Zach’s sister. She wasn’t sure why but she REALLY didn’t want to be his sister.
“Doubt it,” was all Rebecca said.
“Fine. We can’t just sit here all day. And keeping Zach away from you really doesn’t solve anything.” Cassy headed to the kitchen and grabbed another doughnut then started toward the door. “You have to be out there for him to see, or we’ll never catch him.”
Cassy was done playing twenty questions with Rebecca. It was only making her feel worse about what she’d done. She did want to be friends with Zach. That’s all she could have after what she’d done. There was no way that Zach would ever be anything more than her friend.
“So, I’m bait?” Rebecca asked, smiling at Cassy’s change of subjects. She had been right. Cassy didn’t just want to have sex with Zach. She had real feelings for him. Maybe it wasn’t love yet, but the spark was there, the flames would soon follow.
“Unless you want to spend the rest of your life in this apartment?” Cassy asked in reply.
Rebecca took a deep breath, then headed toward the door. She would have rather sat around discussing Cassy’s love life, or lack thereof, but the strange blonde did have a point. She couldn’t hide forever.
“It would be a painfully boring life. Let’s get this over with,” Rebecca said as Cassy held the door for her.

Chapter 11
“Well…” Cassy started. “We have beef jerky aaaaaannnndddd, that’s it,” she stated, looking at her pathetic assortment of snacks. She had eaten the granola bar less than an hour ago. She sat in the driver’s seat, looking at Zach guiltily while he sat on the passenger side.
Cassy hadn’t expected to be in the car all day but, thinking back on it, she should have. Whoever was trying to kill Rebecca was very careful. Neither of them had even known about him. Perhaps this mysterious man was being careful not to let them see him or, the option she was starting to latch on to. The one she really hoped was wrong. Rebecca was making it all up.
Perhaps this was part of Rebecca’s plan. Maybe she had killed Cassy’s father, and this was just a clever way to get away with it. Maybe it was all a story. This option was starting to look more and more like the truth, and Cassy was growing more anxious and angry by the moment. Thankfully, Zach wasn’t sharing her feelings. He was probably the only reason Cassy hadn’t barged into the building Rebecca was in and beaten the truth out of her.
“I like beef jerky,” Zach replied and grabbed the last of the snacks, giving Cassy a sly grin as he did it.
And there it was. The reason Cassy was able to keep herself in check. Zach’s cute smiles, his calmness. Even the little jokes he made which, under normal circumstances, Cassy would have taken as flirting. But this was not the case tonight, not with Zach. She wouldn’t allow herself to start thinking that way. It was still too complicated with him. Instead of responding to this in her normal manner, she decided to focus on Zach’s interest in redheads. It seemed like a safer conversation than the struggle going on in her head.
“What does Carol look like?” Cassy asked, thinking that Zach must have a mommy fetish or something similar.
“My mom? Umm. She’s a smaller woman, shorter than you. She has black, curly hair, umm, glasses, umm,” Zach stuttered. “I wish I had a picture. It’s really weird describing your mom to someone.” He laughed, and Cassy let out a sigh. The easy answer wasn’t the right answer. She’d just have to bite the bullet on this one.
“So why do you like redheads then?” Cassy asked, getting right to the point.
Zach stared at Cassy for a moment. Had he told Cassy his mother’s name? Had it come up in conversation? Something was off here, but he pushed it aside. ‘One inconsistency doesn’t make a conspiracy.’ It was something his father had told him as a child. He wasn’t even sure when but it had stuck with him all these years.
“Ok. This is an amusing story,” Zach said with a nervous laugh. He wasn’t sure why he was telling Cassy this. He barely knew her. He had never told anyone this story, but something about Cassy just made him feel comfortable. He wasn’t afraid of judgment from her. Any judgment would come out as a light-hearted joke. In fact, Zach looked forward to Cassy making fun of him.
Cassy turned and gave him her full attention. Mostly she was just thankful for something else to think about. Her mind was killing her with guilt. Guilt about having manipulated Zach and guilt over the feelings that were making her uncomfortable. The feelings she didn’t even want to recognize by name. She knew they were there but was carefully avoiding them. Something that was growing more difficult the longer she spent with Zach…alone.
“I had this babysitter,” Zach said, and this time his nervous laugh was accompanied by slightly red cheeks. “I was, I don’t know, twelve or maybe thirteen.”
“Let me guess. Long red hair and very…curvy?” Cassy asked.
Zach laughed nervously as he nodded. Cassy made a note of his nervous habit. It might serve her well in the future. Not for anything nefarious but for other reasons, the reasons she wouldn’t acknowledge. She had to find some hints to help her figure out Zach. He was the most confounding person she had ever met. Why couldn’t she tell what he was thinking? It should have been easy. Normally, it was easy. But not with him.
“Lisa was seventeen, and I had a huge crush on her,” Zach said and, once again, he laughed nervously at nothing. He furrowed his brow like he was thinking about a very difficult problem and paused.
“So, what happened?” Cassy asked, leaning closer. The suspense was killing her. This was getting good.
“Nothing,” Zach replied with a grin that didn’t satisfy Cassy.
“Oh. Come on. It was more than nothing,” Cassy urged him to continue.
“Fine. I asked her out on a date,” Zach replied, and his face now almost glowed red.
“Oh. That must have hurt,” Cassy cringed. “Was her rejection cruel?”
“Actually, no,” Zach replied, and a huge smile spread across his face.
“You’re killing me. What happened?” Cassy asked and scooted closer to Zach. “Spill it.”
“I had picked some flowers from mom’s flower garden. I handed them to her and asked her to go out with me, and she…,” Zach paused again. The reactions from Cassy were alleviating his embarrassment and nearly making him laugh.
“Ack! What happened?!” Cassy shouted and grabbed Zach’s arm with both hands. “You’re doing this on purpose!”
“She took the flowers, smiled at me, then…,” Zach paused one final time. What would Cassy do now?
“And…And?” Cassy scooted closer, and her arms circled his left arm. He thought that if he paused one more time, she might just rip it off. Knowing that Cassy was really strong, it might be a possibility.
“She kissed me on the lips and said to call her in five years,” Zach finished.
“Did you?” Cassy asked, the urgency still in her voice.
“No. She moved away the next year. I got a new babysitter. A blonde that just wanted me to stay in my room and not bug her,” Zach replied sadly. “But before she left, Lisa did treat me differently. She was a little more interested in what I was doing. She’d make anything I wanted for supper. She even joked that I was her future boyfriend when she was on the phone.”
“Ok. That explains it then,” Cassy stated then removed her arms. It wasn’t until that moment that she realized what she was doing. What seemed very friendly had turned extremely awkward in about five seconds. She looked away from Zach, then got out of the car. “I’m going to head to the gas station down the street. We need more snacks. Want anything?”
“I’m good,” Zach said, holding up the unopened stick of beef jerky.
For a while, Zach just sat and reminisced about Lisa, his almost-girlfriend, while he fumbled with his stick of beef jerky. He was having a horrible time opening it, but it was probably because he was preoccupied. Then his thoughts turned back to Cassy. Maybe his father’s words didn’t apply to this situation.
Something was off with Cassy. She was acting weird, and knowing his mother’s name wasn’t the only inconsistency. She somehow had his cell phone number too. She seemed to know quite a lot about him. As Zach watched Cassy walk back to the car from the gas station, he wondered what else Cassy knew.
“Anything?” Cassy asked as she got in. She looked at Zach, and he got the strange feeling again. Like she was hiding something.
“No change,” Zach said absentmindedly then looked out the window to the apartment Rebecca was in.
Rebecca had been in the apartment for over two hours with a man, and before that, she had been in there with another man.
“How often does she have to feed?” Zach asked, returning his gaze to Cassy.
Cassy grinned.
“Jealous?” she asked.
“It would be envious and no,” Zach corrected then stared at the apartment building again. “It’s just…she feeds a lot.”
“Didn’t you read the books?” Cassy asked.
“Some,” Zach replied with embarrassment. Truthfully, he had skimmed through quite a few books. He might have skipped some of the finer details.
“She’s getting ready to have a child,” Cassy replied.
“What?” Zach asked with shock and returned his gaze to Cassy. “She’s pregnant?”
“No! You really should read the whole book.” Cassy laughed. “When a dhampir is ready to try and have a child they must feed and build up their strength. She isn’t pregnant yet.”
“But she’s being hunted. Why is she doing it right now?” Zach asked.
“Oh, geez, Zach. You really need to read more. It’s not like she has a choice. Her body is getting ready. It’s like when a human hits puberty…sort of. She can’t just tell her body to wait.” Cassy looked at Zach with disappointment.
Zach decided to change subjects. It was true, he did need to read more, but the situation with Cassy was bugging him. She was hiding something from him.
“So what do you know about my parents?” Zach asked.
“What do you mean?” Cassy asked in response. She stared out the window and looked uncomfortable. Now Zach was certain. She was hiding something.
“How did you know my mother’s name?” Zach stared at her waiting for a response.
Cassy turned and smiled. The nervousness vanished, and Zach got the distinct impression that Cassy was a very good liar.
“You must have told me,” she said kindly then returned to staring out the window.
“Did I tell you that Roger was the one who told me I was adopted?” Zach asked slyly. He knew for certain that he’d never said his father’s name. She should have asked ‘Who’s Roger?’ or ‘Is Roger your dad?’ but she didn’t.
“When did he tell you?” Cassy asked.
“When I was about five,” Zach continued. What else could he ask to trip Cassy up? She knew his cell phone number, his parent’s names. What else did she know that she shouldn’t?
Before Zach could continue his interrogation, Cassy shot out of the car.
“Zach! Go around the back!” she ordered as she bent down to look into the car. “Someone’s in there!”
“Where? Who?” Zach asked.
“I don’t know. It’s weird,” Cassy explained. The look on her face was one of confusion rather than fear. “I…I can feel him.”
“What do you mean you can feel him?” Zach asked as he quickly got out of the car. He stared over the top at Cassy who looked back at him then Zach felt it too.
It was like a thick smoke in the air, filling his lungs, crushing down on him. Someone very powerful was near them. Zach recognized this feeling, though he refused to admit it. Zach quit asking questions and turned toward the apartment.
“He’s already inside,” Zach said adamantly.
“We have to hurry!” Cassy shouted then rushed across the street, followed by Zach. She knew this horrible feeling. It had haunted her as a child. This couldn’t be good.
When they reached the building, they split up. Zach did as he was told and headed around the back while Cassy headed up the stairs. The feeling started to fade for Cassy as she reached the second floor. She stopped at the top of the steps, paused, then headed back down. The mysterious man, or whatever it was, must have headed out the moment she came in, but how?
“Zach!” she yelled as she rushed down the stairs.
Behind the apartment, Zach rushed up to the back door then stopped as he felt it again. The hair on the back of his neck stood on end, and he felt anxious. He knew he should turn around, but he couldn’t make his body cooperate. This feeling had haunted his nightmares as a child. He did not want to know what creature they belonged to.
“Zachary,” the deep male voice said calmly.
“Who’s there?” Zach asked without turning around. No matter how hard he tried, his body wouldn’t listen. He couldn’t look. He didn’t want to know what it was.
“I’m not after her, you know,” the voice said. “I just needed a way to find you…brother.”
Zach finally convinced his body to move, and he swiveled around to see nothing but an empty yard. Then the street lights all faded and the yard went completely black. Only the half-moon provided light, but it was enough. Zach could see the figure of a man appearing, but it wasn’t a man. The oily black substance was coalescing into something resembling a man. It looked like oil or tar, but it moved with purpose, constructing a figure with features similar to Zach’s.
As the man thing spoke, the oily substance continued to form hands and legs.
“I’ve been looking for you for a long time,” the man said.
“Why?” Zach asked. He couldn’t have stopped the question if he had wanted to and the next two were just as impossible. “What am I? What is Cassy?”
“Let’s not get ahead of ourselves,” the oil man said, and he looked like he was smiling. It was hard to tell when everything about the man was pitch black. Only the reflection of the moon gave Zach any perspective on depth and movement. “I can answer the why? Because we’re brothers.”
“Why won’t you tell me what I am?” Zach asked again. He wanted to walk closer, to get a better look, but his legs wouldn’t move.
“If I hand you every detail, it will mean nothing. Besides, I want to see just how clever you are. Can you figure this out on your own or was father mistaken about you?” The oil man let out a laugh that caused the ooze to shimmer, as if it was losing the ability to keep his form, then it suddenly snapped back.
“What?” Zach asked. He had heard the words, but they didn’t quite make sense.
“Father thought you were special. That one day you would lead our people. I want to see if he was right.” The figure was fully formed now and seemed to be able to move more easily. His hands clasped behind his back then he stared up at the moon. “If you are as smart as father said, then this will be simple for you. If not…” the figure turned to stare at Zach. Zach wanted to call it a sinister stare, but it was hard to tell. The oil was constantly moving. “Then, you are useless and can continue to delude yourself with this pathetic existence.”
“Cassy can help me. She’s one of us, right?” Zach asked, trying to be sneaky. The oil man might not be willing to tell him what he was, but knowing Cassy was like him would help.
The oil man laughed.
“Like a Chihuahua is to a wolf. Same species, different genus. Forget about her. She is useless and will only serve to hinder you.”
“Same species…so she IS like me,” Zach said, latching on to the words he wanted to hear.
“Pathetic,” the oil man stated. “If you want to waste your time with the water nymph, be my guest.”
“So she’s a water nymph?” Zach asked hopefully.
“No! You imbecile!” The oil man put his hand to his head and shook it out of frustration. “It was an insult. Even she is far above a water nymph. I think your life with these humans has made you weak and stupid.” The man turned his back on Zach and appeared to be speaking to himself as much as he was to Zach. “Father was wrong. You couldn’t lead a marching band, let alone a society of superior beings like us. I’m wasting my time.”
Zach could see the corner of what was supposed to be the man’s mouth. He was grinning. It was a jab intended to make Zach want to engage. What was this strange man, who claimed to be his brother, really after?
“Why did you kill Cassy’s father?” Zach asked.
“Why would I want him dead? I was looking for you. How would that help me? No. Open your eyes, Zach. Look closer at the problem. Who would want him dead? I’ll give you a hint, this one time, just one. Rebecca’s father is very old and smarter than the average vampire. Maybe he knows who killed Connor Mousman.”
“So you were there,” Zach stated.
“I’ve been watching Rebecca for quite some time. Of course, I was there. A little late, but I was there,” the man replied. “I know who killed her father, but I couldn’t stop it. Believe me. I was content with Connor keeping the water nymph busy. I had no reason to want him dead.”
“Tell me who killed him,” Zach ordered.
“Now now, little brother. Where would be the fun in that? Like I said. You have to prove that you are smart enough to lead. This test should be an easy one. I practically handed you the answer.”
“What do you want from me?” Zach asked, changing subjects. Perhaps he could throw the man off guard? Get him to reveal something.
The oil man turned in a flash, and Zach was certain the oily substance was going to cover him, but it held together as one of his oily fingers stopped inches from his face.
“I want you to do what you were born to do. I want you to remember what you are and help me lead our people. Father is dead. It is up to us to guide our people. To rule over all the beings of this world and give them stability…order…purpose.” The finger turned into a fist, and it shook in Zach’s face.
“Rule over?” Zach asked, but the oil man saw it coming.
“Your time with humans has robbed you of the truth. The truth that those pathetic creatures can’t handle. We rule the world, they live in it because we allow them to. The supernatural beings, the ones humans can’t admit are real, they are the true rulers of this world, and at the top of the pyramid sits our kind. They rule the world. We rule them.”
“But…” Zach started, but he was interrupted.
“That’s enough for now. You have the edges of the truth. I need to go before the water nymph gets here,” the oil man said as he motioned to the door.
“Why do you call her a water nymph?” Zach asked.
“It’s an insult, you dullard. If I told you what she really was, even a simpleton like you could figure out what you are. No more hints, little brother. I practically led you to Connor Mousman’s killer. If you can’t even figure that out, then you’ll never figure out what you are. And you’ll never be worthy of leading by my side.”
As Zach looked on, the oily mass started to lose its form, and when Cassy opened the door, it collapsed onto the ground then vanished.
The street lights flickered and came to life as Zach stared out at nothingness. The man had caused the street lights to fail. Without him, they just resumed their nightly duties.
Cassy rushed out the back door of the apartment building then slowed as she saw Zach staring out at the night.
“Why did he just leave?” Cassy asked.
“I don’t know,” Zach replied. He wasn’t ready to clue her in on the ‘brother’ revelation. Not yet. He wasn’t even sure he believed it. Also, he didn’t know how to explain it. Maybe after a good night’s sleep, he could find the words to explain what had just happened. But right now, he needed to think.
Cassy walked up slowly to Zach and felt the urge to grab his hand, hug him, something, but she pushed the feeling away.
“Are you ok?” she asked.
“I don’t think any of us are ok,” Zach replied then looked down at Cassy. Even her peaceful eyes couldn’t remove the anxiety he felt. He knew that voice and the feelings it produced were quite familiar. It was the voice from his nightmares as a child. He had never seen the oily form before, but Carol and Roger Nielson used to sit by his bed trying to comfort him when he would wake up from the nightmares. The man, his brother, had been searching for him as long as he could remember. Only able to find him in his sleep, until now.
“What do you mean?” Cassy asked, though she already knew the answer. The feelings were not unfamiliar to her, either. She’d spent many sleepless nights hoping that she would never again feel the dark fingers of, whatever that was, as they pulled her from her sleep. She didn’t know how to tell Zach, but she knew that whatever had just left, it hated her. It despised her. It loathed her. She didn’t know how or why, but she knew it to be true.
“He’s not after Rebecca. He wants me,” Zach stated.
“You sure?” Cassy asked. She was certain the dark being wanted her too. She hadn’t seen what Zach had, but she had felt it. It wanted her dead.
“No. I’m not sure of anything right now,” Zach said absentmindedly. “He also didn’t kill your father,” he added.
“How do you know?” Cassy asked.
“I believe that much. It wouldn’t have helped him, so he wouldn’t have bothered.” Zach was sure of this.
“You sure he’s not afraid of us?” Cassy asked. Cassy was willing to bet that it wasn’t a coincidence he left the moment she arrived.
“Why would he be afraid of us?” Zach asked. Cassy grabbed his arm and ushered him inside.
“I have no idea. A feeling,” she said.
Zach decided to share one part of his strange encounter with Cassy. The part she needed to hear right now.
“We need Rebecca’s father. He might know who killed your dad.” Zach looked down as Cassy held the door for him.
“Ok. I hate vamps, but I’ll play along. I’m guessing the mysterious stranger told you that?” she asked, not really expecting an answer.
“Yep,” was all that Zach said for the rest of the night.
They picked up Rebecca and took her back to the safe house. The whole ride Zach looked lost and deep in thought. Cassy wanted to ask him questions but figured he would share when he was ready. Rebecca picked up on Zach’s mood as well and avoided talking to him. Only speaking to Cassy to explain that her father was hard to reach and that it might take some time.

Chapter 12
Zach sat in his chair and stared at Cassy. It had taken him nearly all day, and it was getting dark, but he had finally figured out what he wanted to say. He had decided early on that it was best to tell Cassy everything. It was just a matter of figuring out how to describe the strange encounter that was holding him back. He also figured since Maggie was her sister, she should be in on it as well, but Maggie was late.
Cassy stood with her arms and legs crossed, waiting for Zach to begin explaining what had happened the night before. While Cassy waited, Maggie hopped up on to the counter and put her paw on Cassy’s shoulder then whispered.
“I knew I liked him. He includes me,” Maggie said quietly.
“He doesn’t know you yet,” Cassy teased. “And where have you been? All night and all day?”
“I was out,” was the only explanation Maggie shared.
“Out? That’s it?” Then a devious look came over Cassy, and she turned to give Maggie her full attention. “Did you go see the tomcat?”
“Eww! No! I was just out!” Maggie said with a look that Zach thought was innocent, but Cassy knew better. She had spent four years with her sister as a cat and had gotten to know her looks very well. It was a look of guilt and shame on her face.
“You stole more fish from the market down the street, didn’t you? Did you get caught again? Is that why you’ve been gone so long?” Cassy asked with condescension that Zach didn’t miss.
“I’m sorry,” Maggie said with a sigh, but Cassy still didn’t buy it. Maggie was hiding something. Cassy was about to push the conversation when Zach interrupted.
“If you two are done?” he asked with annoyance.
Cassy turned back around and made a mental note to grill Maggie later. Something was off. She hadn’t been stealing fish again. She had apologized too quickly. There was something worse Maggie was hiding and, although Zach didn’t see it, Cassy could see the shame all over her sister. The way she moved, the way she spoke, even her cat smile was full of remorse.
Zach let out a large sigh then began explaining everything that had happened the previous night in as much detail as he could remember. He left out the parts about his childhood nightmares. He wasn’t quite sure he wanted anyone to know that this man had been haunting him since he was a child. He also wasn’t sure he believed it himself. It sounded too farfetched, even to his monster hunting boss. She’d probably just laugh at him.
After his explanation was over, Cassy walked up to Zach and couldn’t stop herself from putting her hand on his shoulder to comfort him. She also couldn’t stop herself from making a snide comment.
“A creepy oil man lying about being your brother. Who would have guessed? All the oil men I’ve met have been completely honest with me.” Cassy waited for Zach to smile.
He looked up, and there was, indeed, a smile on his face.
“That part doesn’t really concern me but thanks for trying,” he said. “He might be my brother. He might not be. It’s what he’s after that worries me.”
“Yeah, all that talk about leading and stuff,” Maggie added. She still felt like a third wheel, but it was nice to be included in the conversation for once. It also took the focus off of where she had been all night.
“Exactly,” Zach said and stood. “He called Cassy a water nymph several times. I think it’s a clue.”
“He also called me a Chihuahua,” Cassy said dejectedly.
Zach turned to Cassy.
“I think that was also an insult. I think we’re equal. Otherwise, why would he run when you showed up?” Zach asked with an inquisitive stare. “He may not be scared of me, but he is scared of you.”
“So, we’re not the same genus, right? He said that?” Cassy asked as she walked back toward Maggie.
“Yes,” Zach replied.
“We’re basically the same thing but different…just like Rebecca said,” Cassy offered.
“Yes, I think so,” Zach agreed.
“Like a dog and a wolf,” Cassy pondered. She could figure this out. There were literally thousands of creatures in her dad’s books. She just had to find creatures that were the same species but a different genus. She also had the clues from Rebecca. That she was water and Zach was fire. What the hell could they be and still be similar? Then she thought about the man. If he really was Zach’s brother, he was also fire. Fire and water don’t mix. Is that why he was afraid? Then a sinking feeling came over her. Zach was fire. Zach wouldn’t mix well with her either. Before her mind could process this any longer, Maggie blurted out.
“You’re a Chihuahua, remember?” Maggie asked with a laugh, breaking Cassy’s train of thought.
“Look who’s talking furball,” Cassy teased back, happy for the distraction. “Anyway…the point is. We are similar. Similar enough that he’s afraid of me for some reason.” She avoided the fire and water reference, not ready to put that one out in the open just yet.
“And that’s my point. Not sure how it helps us figure out what we are but there it is,” Zach said, losing momentum as he spoke. He sat down once more, feeling defeated.
They were at a dead end, and everyone in the room knew it. They needed more information. Just as they were all realizing the long road they had ahead of themselves, Maggie started coughing.
“Guys,” she said then started gasping uncontrollably. Cassy looked panicked, and Zach looked confused.
“What’s wrong?” Zach asked as he stood.
“I…can’t…breathe,” Maggie stuttered then collapsed onto the counter.
“Maggie!” Cassy screamed and picked up her sister’s limp body. “Zach! Do something!”
Zach rushed into the other room and searched through the books on Cassy’s shelves. When he found the book he was looking for, he brought it back. Cassy looked concerned and a little angry.
“What the hell are you doing?! I said, do something!” Cassy yelled while trying to decide whether it was better to give a cat mouth to mouth or chest compressions. Should she call an ambulance or a vet?
Zach tossed the book on the counter and flipped it open. He zoomed through the pages until he found the one he was looking for.
“I saw this yesterday and wondered.” He looked at Cassy, hoping she would understand.
“Spit it out, Zach!” Cassy yelled.
“Humans can’t do magic very well, but we’re not human,” he explained. “I wanted to help Maggie.
“So?” Cassy replied angrily. She needed him to save her sister, not do magic tricks.
“We can’t help a cat, but we can help a human.” Zach held up his hands while he turned his head and read from the book. He then turned back to the unconscious cat in Cassy’s arms and shut his eyes.
“What the hell are you doing?!” Cassy screamed. “Save Maggie!”
“Shut up, and I will!” Zach yelled back.
Cassy was silent. She had never heard Zach raise his voice. Not that she’d known him for very long, but it was an interesting development. Perhaps it was possible that he wasn’t so stiff after all.
“Picture your sister as she was. Before she became a cat,” Zach said quickly but with less anger, while stealing another glance at the instructions for the spell.
Zach started to mumble the words from the page. They sounded like nonsense to Cassy, but she went along with it. Zach seemed to know what he was doing.
Cassy shut her eyes and remembered what Maggie looked like. Her long black hair, so straight and shiny. Cassy envied Maggie’s hair when she was little. Her brown eyes that always looked so kind and her compassionate face. Then she pictured Maggie’s body. The one that was always just a little more womanly and attractive than Cassy’s. Maggie had her pick of any boy she wanted in school, and Cassy was stuck as the tag-along sister. Cassy let her eyes open and saw that Maggie was still out cold and not breathing. Also, she was still a cat.
“It’s not working Zach,” she said sternly, but this time she wasn’t yelling.
“It says to picture the real Maggie, flaws and all. The REAL Maggie,” Zach said, emphasizing the word then grabbed Cassy’s hands as she cradled the limp feline. Then he began chanting the words over and over, getting louder with each cycle. The words still sounded like nonsense to Cassy, but she believed in Zach. If anyone could do this, he could.
Cassy shut her eyes and pictured her sister, teasing her, yelling at her, tattling on her for sleeping in the pool. She pictured all the horrible things Maggie had done to her. Maggie was a pain in the ass, she was annoying and mean, but the meanness became mutual teasing as the girls grew up. The animosity turned into sisterly love. Cassy would miss the teasing and the nagging. Maggie wasn’t perfect, but she was her sister.
Cassy felt the weight on her arms and slowly opened her eyes. An unconscious Maggie, completely naked, was strewn across her arms. Cassy released Zach’s hands and set her sister’s unmoving body on the counter then started doing chest compressions.
“Zach! Help me!” Cassy screamed.
Zach sprang into action. He did mouth to mouth in between Cassy’s rhythmic compressions. In a few moments, Maggie coughed and started breathing once more.
“Maggie!” Cassy screamed and grabbed her sister’s face while Zach stared at the ceiling.
Maggie coughed a few times, then started smiling.
“Zach?” she asked with a devious smile. “Can we do that again?”
Zach couldn’t stop the smile if he had wanted to.
“I’m just glad you’re ok,” he said, still staring at the ceiling.
“Seriously though. Kiss me again,” Maggie said and winked at Cassy.
“He wasn’t kissing you, you selfish little…” Cassy said, she started out angry, but it quickly faded to a smile. “You scared the hell out of me!” she shouted, then hugged her human sister.
“Who knew that all I had to do was nearly die to undo that spell? I even got a kiss.” Maggie laughed. She sat up then smiled devilishly at Cassy and spoke slowly, staring at Cassy the whole time. “Zach? Zaaaach? You can look now.”
“Don’t you dare, Zach!” Cassy warned then turned her attention to Maggie. “That’s like harassment or something. He’s your employee.”
“He’s not MY employee,” Maggie said with a grin.
“You…you’re…he is too,” Cassy stuttered and stomped her foot.
Zach still stared at the ceiling with a stupid grin on his face.
“You let me know when she actually has clothes on,” Zach said with a laugh.
“Ha! Even Zach knows not to believe you,” Cassy said. “Now march your naked butt upstairs and get some clothes on.”
“Whatever you say, sis,” Maggie said then bounded off the counter. On the way by she ran her fingers across the back of Zach’s neck. “Sure, you don’t want a little peek?”
“I’m good, Maggie,” he said with a laugh.
“Fine! I’ll be back in a minute with some stupid clothes on,” Maggie complained then stomped up the stairs.
“You sure she’s older than you?” Zach asked.
“She’s upstairs, you can look now,” Cassy said then felt the need to add. “And she always did act like a spoiled brat.” Cassy turned her head to face the stairs and yelled. “AND A SLUT!”
They heard bare footsteps then Maggie yelling back down the stairs.
“I’m horny not a slut! There is a difference!” Then they heard Maggie stomp back to the room and slam the door.
With Maggie safely in her room, hopefully getting clothes on, Cassy needed to address what had just happened.
“How the hell did you know you could do that?” she asked. Zach smiled devilishly then picked up the book and held it out.
“Who’s the one who isn’t reading now?” he asked then headed to Cassy’s office to put the book back on the shelf.
“I’ve read that book. That’s not the point. How did you know YOU could do it?” Cassy asked.
Zach popped back out of the room with a satisfied smile on his face and plopped into his chair. He waited a full five seconds before he answered, soaking in every moment of being ahead of Cassy on something.
“Like you said. We’re not human. She was dying, and you can’t do CPR on a cat. What did we have to lose?” Zach asked, then crossed his arms and looked at Cassy victoriously.
“You guessed?!” Cassy asked. She sounded upset, but her face didn’t share the fake emotion. She was ecstatic to have her sister back as a human and, more importantly, breathing.
“Let’s call it an educated guess,” Zach replied.
“So our kind, whatever that is, can do magic?” Cassy asked quietly, more to herself than Zach, but he felt the need to answer.
“Apparently so,” he said then stared off, deep in thought.
“I need answers. Your brother, or whoever he is, said Rebecca’s father would know more right?” Cassy asked. “Maybe she’s heard from him.”
Zach tried to process Cassy’s words, but he couldn’t concentrate. He was happy to have saved Maggie, but he was also confused by how easy it had been. He expected pain, power, some kind of feeling. Instead, he felt nothing. No energy, no power, and certainly no pain. Maggie had shifted back, but he had felt absolutely nothing.
“What were you asking?” Zach asked, pulling himself from his thoughts.
Cassy grew impatient with Zach’s lack of interest and headed to the door. At the doorway, she stopped. She turned to Zach with a sinister look on her face.
“This is an interesting conundrum,” Cassy said as she stared at Zach’s clueless expression.
“What is?” Zach asked, still no closer to Cassy’s meaning.
“Do I leave you here with the horny, naked girl? Or…” Cassy paused, put a finger to her chin to stop the smile that was starting. She tried to pretend that she was deep in thought, but even the motion of moving her finger to her chin nearly made her laugh. Her smile came out as she spoke. “Do I trust you to talk to the stunning redhead you kissed?”
“I’m not going to kiss Maggie,” Zach replied, trying to fake disgust but Cassy knew better.
“I wasn’t worried about you kissing Maggie,” Cassy said with a wink.
“I would never do that,” Zach argued.
“Just a joke, Zach.” She turned and grabbed the handle, then her grin grew. “And don’t try to tell me you didn’t peek. My sister isn’t ugly.” She opened the door then headed out.
Before she had completely closed the door, Zach stood and yelled after her.
“It was an accident…I didn’t mean to!” he shouted.
The door closed without Cassy answering, so Zach continued to defend himself to no one.
“I mean, a naked woman appears in front of me. I’m a man with a pulse. How could I not look?” he rationalized to himself as he sat back down. He felt a strong desire to apologize to Maggie whenever she came down. Also, he had a pit in his stomach. Like he needed to do something to show Cassy how sorry he was.
He constantly said the wrong thing. He had kissed the woman he was supposed to be following, and now he had looked at Cassy’s naked sister. He’d be lucky if he wasn’t looking for a new job by the end of the week.

Chapter 13
Maggie bounded down the stairs in Cassy’s clothes. Zach knew they were Cassy’s clothes because of how they fit. The tee shirt was very tight, and the shorts weren’t much better. Maggie, the human version, was about two inches taller than Cassy and about ten pounds heavier. And, despite Zach’s best efforts, he couldn’t stop himself from thinking that Maggie’s extra ten pounds were in all the right places. And, of course, Zach couldn’t miss the fact that Maggie hadn’t bothered to put on a bra. The evidence was staring him in the face.
Maggie flipped her long, straight black hair playfully then smiled at Zach.
“Penny for your thoughts?” she asked, though from the look on her face he was pretty sure she knew the answer already. She had seen where his eyes lingered. Though he hadn’t intended for them to survey her attractive body, he also couldn’t stop them.
Zach stood and anxiously clasped his hands while looking at the floor.
“I’d like to apologize,” he started. “I didn’t mean to but…”
“It’s ok, Zach. I told you to look. Why would I get mad?” She bounced up to Zach, and he noticed she still hadn’t put shoes on. Since he was looking at her feet. Maggie used her finger to move his gaze up to her eyes. “I was just picking on Cassy. I know nothing will ever happen between us.” She released his chin then skipped back to the counter and boosted herself up in one swift motion. Though no longer a cat, she still moved like one.
Zach just stared at her, the thoughts coming slowly at first then they picked up speed, and he saw what Maggie was hinting at.
“What do you mean picking on your sister?” Zach asked. He was fairly certain that Maggie was insinuating something. Did Cassy have feelings for him? Or was Maggie insinuating that he had feelings for Cassy? Both seemed highly inappropriate. Even though his feelings for Cassy were a mess and incomprehensible, there were feelings there. Exactly what those feelings were, even he didn’t know.
Maggie crossed her legs and looked uncomfortable doing it. She fidgeted for a minute and couldn’t figure out what to do with her hands. Not because she was nervous about talking to Zach. It seemed more like she was still struggling with the fact that she had fingers and sat upright. She didn’t seem to fit in her own skin, and the tight clothing probably didn’t help her discomfort.
“I mean, she told you about Carlson and Carlson, and you still look at her like she’s the only woman in the world.” Maggie laughed then cocked her head. “Is it cold in here? Maybe I should have worn pants.”
“It’s like eighty, and what do you mean Carlson and Carlson?” Zach asked. He felt sick to his stomach. A knot formed there, and he didn’t want to ponder the answer to his own question. Even though he was very certain he already knew the answer, he needed Maggie to say it. It couldn’t be true. It just couldn’t be.
Maggie ignored Zach’s question and pondered her own.
“Maybe I need a coat. I’m cold,” she said and rubbed her arms. “You don’t realize how nice it is to have your own fur coat until…”
“Answer me, Maggie! What about Carlson and Carlson?!” he interrupted with a tone that startled Maggie. Maggie couldn’t mean what he thought she meant. Cassy would never do that. Would she? He felt the anger rising.
Maggie looked terrified.
“I thought she told you. She said she was going to tell you last night,” Maggie scrambled. “You should ask her when she gets back.”
“I’m asking you,” Zach said, and Maggie could see the effort it took for him to speak slowly. He looked like a man who wanted to shout. In fact, it looked like he wanted to hurt someone.
“Well…you see…Cassy wanted to help you…and…she came up with this idea…” Maggie stuttered and shifted her position several times. This time, she was nervous.
“Cassy got me fired?!” Zach shouted at the top of his lungs then slammed his fist into his desk. The duct taped leg snapped, and the table fell. All his papers scattered but Zach still didn’t break eye contact with Maggie.
“She wanted to help you,” Maggie replied sheepishly.
“By making Alan fire me?” Zach asked, he had lost the volume, but the anger still appeared on his face.
“You really need to talk to Cassy. I’m so sorry, Zach. I thought she told you,” Maggie pleaded.
“No…she didn’t say a word,” Zach fumed. “She could have. She had every opportunity. Last night, the night before but no. She chose not to tell me.”
He turned and picked up his desk then angrily taped the broken leg back together. The amount of self-control it took not to break the desk even further surprised him. He wanted nothing more than to destroy the desk and take his anger out on Maggie, but neither the desk nor Maggie was to blame. Cassy was!
“I’m sure there’s a good reason,” Maggie offered.
“I’m sure in Cassy’s mind there’s a very good reason,” he said through gritted teeth. Zach finished with the table leg then gathered up the papers. He snapped up each one then slammed it onto the desk. Not hard enough to break the leg again but hard enough to make Maggie jump every time. When he had finished, he turned to stare at Maggie once more. “I just don’t care what that reason is.”
The calmness and near emotionless words scared Maggie more than his anger had. Then Zach turned toward the door and started to leave.
“Zach, please. Cassy just wanted to help you.” Maggie hopped off the counter but was afraid to try and stop Zach. She moved toward him, then changed her mind.
He stopped as his hand grasped the handle. He turned his head slightly and spoke to Maggie with as much calmness as he could manage.
“I’ll help find out who killed your father. At least you had the decency to tell me the truth. Then I’m done.” With the final word, he opened the door and slammed it on his way out.
Maggie walked to the front door and watched Zach heading toward a car she assumed was his. He got in the bright yellow Volkswagen bug then sped away. After he was gone, she doubled checked the apartment across the street. There were two figures that appeared to be arguing in one of the second story rooms. Her dad’s safe house had many apartments, but she was pretty sure this one was Rebecca’s. After checking one more time, then counting the apartments to make sure she wasn’t mistaken, she quickly locked the door and hurried to a door hidden in the wall. Zach didn’t know about this door, only Cassy and Maggie knew it was there. It appeared the same as the paneling that lined the drab room.
When Maggie pushed on the panel, it clicked then sprang outward. She opened the door then headed through a short hallway to another door that led to the alley behind. As she nervously fiddled with her hands, she noticed a dark figure walking toward her.
“Who’s there?” Maggie asked nervously.
The man’s face was lit as he stepped into the light near the back door. The man appeared similar to Zach in features, but his hair was blonde, and his build was thinner. Even his nose looked sharper to Maggie, but she could still see the resemblance. His black coat and dark suit pants made him look even more menacing as he walked up to her.
“I think I screwed up, Xander. I did what you said, but Zach is leaving. I kept my side of the deal. Please don’t turn me into a cat again.” Maggie’s eyes kept darting back to the hallway. She had left both doors open so she could keep an eye out in case Cassy or Zach returned.
Xander’s emotionless expression turned kind.
“A deal is a deal, Maggie. I said I would remove the spell you put on yourself if you did me one favor. You did it. Why would I turn you back?” Xander asked calmly.
“But Zach is leaving? You said…” Maggie started.
“I said I wanted them to slow down. Zach will never leave Cassy. When I told you to spill the beans to Zach, I knew what I was starting. It’s a small bump in the road.” His smile grew. “The flirting, though. That was a nice touch.”
“So, I’m done?” Maggie asked and shot another glance at the front door. “I did what you asked. Why can’t we just tell them?”
Xander sighed and replied in the same calm tone, but his kind smile had vanished.
“Did your father ever teach you how to play chess?” he asked.
“Yes. Why?” Maggie asked, tearing her gaze from the door and staring at Xander instead.
“He didn’t just read you the rules and let you go off on your own, did he?” Xander asked, his face still nearly emotionless.
“No. He sat down and…” Maggie started.
“Exactly. This is like chess on a much larger and more dangerous scale. I can’t just tell them what they need to know and hope they understand all the rules. Hell. They don’t even understand their place in the game. They still act like they’re human.” His smile returned.
“But why not just talk to them?” Maggie asked. She jumped as she heard a car drive by but after another glance at the front door, she returned her gaze to Xander.
“This approach will teach them the rules in a much more meaningful way. Right now Cassy and Zach think they’re pawns, so they act like pawns. I’m teaching them to be a king and a queen.”
“You didn’t answer me. Am I done?” Maggie asked again.
“That’s up to you, but if you truly care about them, you will help me. Keep bringing me information.” Xander looked kindly at Maggie.
“But they think they fixed me. That’s a lie,” Maggie objected.
“They don’t have the power to turn on a light switch…at least not yet.” Xander grinned in a way that made Maggie uneasy. “I needed to give them a push. Which is why I need you to tell me what they know and what they’re up to. So I can guide them in the right direction. Don’t think of it as a lie.”
“So I’m helping them by letting them believe they did it?” Maggie rationalized.
“Exactly. We’re helping them, together.” Xander turned to walk away, but Maggie wasn’t quite finished.
“Just information. No more lies. If you go back on your deal…” Maggie warned.
Xander didn’t turn around, but he spoke to Maggie.
“I gave your humanity back. A deal is a deal, and I never go back on my word. Now it’s up to you to decide if you want to help them or get in their way.”
“Eventually, you want them together. Right?” Maggie asked.
“Of course I do. They just need to slow down. If they get caught up in their own world, they’ll be unprepared for what’s coming.” He waited for the question he had steered Maggie toward.
“What’s coming?” Maggie asked, right on cue.
Xander turned and stared at Maggie in a way that sent a shiver down her spine.
“A war is coming and, like it or not, it’s coming for both of them,” Xander said then spun and walked down the alley.
Maggie stood there and watched Xander walk until his silhouette was barely visible then he vanished.
She didn’t want to hide things from her sister, nor from Zach. She had already hidden so much. What would she do if they found out? Xander seemed to want to help them. Was it really that bad? She wouldn’t lie to them anymore. She would just let Xander know what they were up to so he could steer them in the right direction. It was helping them. She was doing it to help them.
Maggie repeated the words in her head over and over as she walked back into the office. She wasn’t deceiving them; she was helping them.

Chapter 14
Zach stormed into the bar by his apartment. He glanced at the booth where he had met Cassy for the first time, and his anger returned. It had been a setup, just like the firing. Cassy had played him for a fool. It hadn’t been a coincidence; she had planned it all. Cassy had planned to sit across from him and offer him a job. She had manipulated him and deceived him. Everything about his new job was a lie!
Zach stomped up to the bar and sat down. Even the waitress, the one whose name he couldn’t recall, could tell he was angry. She walked behind the bar cautiously as she approached him. Before she could ask what he wanted, Zach spoke.
“Two beers. Whatever is on tap. I really don’t care what it is,” he snapped. The waitress took a step back, then decided it was better to get him the beer before she asked what was wrong. When she returned, she leaned across the bar and smiled kindly.
“Want to talk about it?” she asked.
It was clear to Zach that she was flirting, which only made him more furious. Apparently, all he had to do was get duped by a pretty woman and become incredibly angry, then poof…he was attractive. Fate was indeed cruel. It loved to toy with his emotions. Give him hope then…boom. It pulled the rug out from under him and laughed at his pain. Zach wasn’t in the mood for fate’s jokes today. 
Even though the waitress wasn’t intentionally being deceptive, Zach knew what would be in store for him if he dared to hope. He wasn’t about to fall for it. Not again.
“I just want to get drunk…alone,” he said without even looking at her.
The waitress huffed then stood up straight.
“I was going to tell you that your friend was here, but I guess you don’t want to know that either,” the waitress said then stormed off to another customer.
Zach searched the bar and found the last person he wanted to see. To be fair, Cassy would have been worse, but Sheri was bad enough. He downed one of the beers, grabbed the other, and stormed over to Sheri’s table. As he sat down, he noticed the dull, almost sad, expression on her face. In front of her was a half-full bottle of whiskey and a shot glass.
“I can’t talk to you, Zach,” Sheri said then started to get up.
“Oh! You mean you can’t tell me about Cassy Mousman convincing you and your father to fire me? Is that what you can’t talk to me about?” Zach asked, and Sheri stopped.
“How do you know about that?” she asked with apprehension and a hint of fear.
“A little birdy told me…actually, it was a cat,” Zach said with a contentious laugh then grabbed Sheri’s bottle of whiskey. As he sat, he poured himself a shot, then downed it. He chased it down with his beer as Sheri stood there, unsure of what to say or do.
“I’m not supposed to talk to you,” Sheri said. Finally, having made up her mind, she headed to the door.
Zach stood, was amazed at how dizzy he was after a shot and two beers, then chased after her.
Sheri shot through the door then turned to head to her car, but Zach caught up to her. He grabbed her arm and spun her to face him.
“You at least owe me an explanation. What does she have on you? What could possibly be so bad that you would agree to fire me?” Zach asked, clearly feeling the effects of the alcohol. He wasn’t normally this angry, nor this vocal about it.
“You don’t want to do this, Zach. I’m upset enough as it is. Please just leave me alone,” Sheri said then pulled her arm from Zach’s grasp. Sheri could feel the change coming on. Her guilt for agreeing to set up Zach and his confrontation were wearing on her. She needed to get out of here before she did something unforgivable to someone she once considered a friend.
Sheri fumbled in her purse for her keys just as Zach slapped the purse from her hands.
“You’re not getting off that easily. We were friends, Sheri,” he said.
Sheri followed the path of the purse as it skittered across the ground and landed at the entrance to the narrow alley between the bar and the building next door. It was wide enough for a walkway but little else.
“Go sleep it off, Zach!” she shouted, then stormed over to her purse, but Zach caught her. He spun her and pushed her against the side of the small alley. He didn’t hurt her, but it startled Sheri.
“I don’t want to hurt you, Zach,” she pleaded.
“You already hurt me. How could you do that to me? We were friends.” As Zach said the words, he noticed the strange look in Sheri’s eyes. They were more golden now and had red streaks coming from the pupils. “Are you ok?” Zach asked as fangs appeared in Sheri’s mouth.
Sheri could feel the struggle in her mind. She knew Zach was her friend, but the animal side of her brain was screaming for her to attack. She grabbed Zach’s arms and lifted him off the ground.
“Leave…me…alone!” she growled as fur covered her face.
At first, Zach was terrified then something inside him, similar to Sheri’s inner animal, reacted. It felt horrible and terrifying, but at the same time, it felt like slipping into a warm bath. He welcomed it even though some part of his mind struggled to keep it at bay.
Zach’s eyes turned fiery red. The power he had felt at the restaurant filled his muscles, and black claws sprang from his fingertips. He pushed Sheri’s hands off of him, and soon he was the one holding Sheri up. He pushed her against the wall once again, and a deep, gravelly voice came from his lips.
“Answer me!” he shouted in a voice he didn’t recognize. It sounded horrible and, to be honest, evil. This part of himself was terrifying, but it also felt very compelling. He couldn’t stop the horrible thoughts that welled up…and a part of him didn’t want to.
This creature, who had once been Sheri, had dared to challenge him. He couldn’t let that go. She needed to be punished for her insolence. She needed to die, and he would enjoy being the one to do it. She would answer his questions...then she would die!
The look on Sheri’s face switched in an instant. Her anger turned to fear then utter terror. Her fangs and fur vanished, and soon a terrified woman looked back at Zach.
“Please don’t kill me,” Sheri groveled, keeping her eyes from meeting Zach’s. “We owed her father. Connor saved me.”
Zach saw the claws on his fingers and the fear he had caused in Sheri. His anger didn’t seem important any longer. He had lost control. He was scaring someone he had once called a friend. She was afraid that he would hurt her and, for a moment, he had wanted to. He had seen an image flash through his mind. An image of him tearing Sheri to pieces and he reveled in it. What in the hell was he?!
Zach released Sheri, and she took off running.
“Please! Sheri! I’m so sorry!” Zach yelled as he fell to his knees.
He stared at his hands, at the claws that wouldn’t go away. Then he crawled over to a puddle in the street and stared at the glowing red eyes. He was about to kill someone he considered one of his closest friends, and it would have been easy. She was very strong, and he knew what she was. He had read Connor Mousman’s books on werewolves. But her strength was nothing. She was nothing. She was no more than a fly to him, less than a fly. He could have extinguished her life easily, he knew it to be true, and part of him wanted to. A part of him wanted to crush her body and stop her from breathing. This part of him longed to put an end to Sheri’s life.
Zach stared at the image of himself as the red glow of his eyes dimmed then he turned his gaze to his claws that were receding. He wasn’t like Cassy at all. Cassy was a kind person. Her gaze was comforting and calming. Yes, Cassy had lied to him, but she hadn’t done it out of malice. She was trying to help him, in her own strange way. He wasn’t sure he could forget what she’d done. He wasn’t even sure he could forgive her, but there was one thing he was very sure of. He needed her help. Cassy couldn’t possibly know what this felt like, but she just might be the only one who could help him.
Zach had read about quite a few monsters in Conner Mousman’s books, and they were horrible creatures. Some killed to survive, some killed for food, but none of them were as horrible nor as terrifying as whatever he was. Not a single one of them killed because they enjoyed it.

Chapter 15
“YOU DID WHAT?!” Cassy screamed then stormed back and forth in her bedroom, carefully avoiding Maggie’s statues. She pulled her hair back tight, stared at the ceiling then let it fall once more.
Maggie cowered on Cassy’s bed, technically their shared bed, since there was no other bed in the loft. She really didn’t want to be the one to tell Cassy, but she needed to own up to her mistakes. She had already lied to her sister once and felt horrible about it. Zach had been missing all day, and Maggie just couldn’t keep this secret any longer. He might never come back. Maggie dreaded it, but she needed to confess. Then there was the fact that she was now spying on them too. Sure, it was to help her sister, but it didn’t make her feel any better.
“You said you were going to tell him. I thought you did,” Maggie said. It wasn’t technically a lie. It was a reinterpretation of words Cassy had said.
“I said I WANTED to tell him!” Cassy flopped on to the bed and stared at the ceiling. “He was my best lead,” Cassy said meekly.
“Don’t lie to me and certainly don’t lie to yourself. That’s not why you’re upset,” Maggie said.
“Shut up, Maggie,” Cassy snapped. Great! Now even Maggie could see what Cassy was desperately trying to convince herself was not happening. She was getting too close to Zach. This was horrible and very inappropriate.
“Tell the truth. You don’t want him to stay because he’s a clue. You want him to stay because you…” Maggie was interrupted by a knock on the door. “I should get that.” Maggie hopped up and ran to the door, thankful for anyone to take the focus off of her.
As Maggie opened the door, Cassy shot up and stared at Zach. Her eyes were huge, and her face was pale.
“Zach. I can explain,” she urged him.
“I’m sure you can. You’re good at that,” he said wearily then searched for a chair. When he didn’t find one, he plopped down on the floor, against the wall.
“I was going to tell you,” Cassy offered. “I just…”
“Doesn’t matter,” Zach cut her off. He sounded angry but also depressed and worrisome. “It’s a little late for ‘I was going to’. Don’t you think?”
“What can I do?” Cassy asked.
“Umm…who’s hungry? I’ll just go make some sandwiches,” Maggie said then realized the kitchen was just part of the bedroom and living room. The only part of this loft that wasn’t one room was the bathroom. She turned to Zach, then to Cassy. She felt very much like the third wheel again. “Who wants takeout? I’m buying. Since it’s my fault.”
“It’s not your fault, Maggie,” Zach said.
“It is too,” Cassy replied. Then she saw the anger on Zach’s face as he looked up. “You know what? You’re right. It’s not Maggie’s fault. I’m the idiot who lied to you.”
“At least you’re able to admit it now,” Zach said angrily then stared at the floor.
“Ooookkkk then. How about I just leave?” Maggie asked, then opened the door and left.
After a long silence, Cassy spoke.
“I’m really sorry, Zach. I thought it was a good idea at the time,” she said with a laugh.
“This isn’t funny, Cassy,” he snapped.
“I really am sorry. I had no other choice.” She seemed sincere and didn’t try to make it a joke this time. Her guilt was eating away at Zach’s resolve. He really wanted to be mad at her. Why was it so difficult?
“Oh, really? No other choice? You couldn’t just talk to me?” Zach asked. He forced himself to stare at her with renewed frustration and anger. He couldn’t just forgive her. Not this soon. Why was it so hard to stay mad at her? Just looking at her melted his anger.
“Oh yeah. How would that conversation have gone? Hi, Zach. I’m Cassy. I’m a supernatural being, and…oh, yeah…you are too. How fast would you have run to get away from me?” Cassy asked, matching Zach’s indignance. She sat on the bed while she waited for Zach to see that she really didn’t have any other options.
“Well, when you put it like that,” Zach struggled to stop from laughing. Why did she make him so happy? She had lied, but she hadn’t done it to harm him. He forced his cheerfulness down and tried to remain angry. He wanted to be angry with her. Why couldn’t he stay angry? She had lied. “You could have done it differently, though.”
“How? What other way could I have gotten you to come to work with me? So that, eventually, I could break it to you that monsters are real, and you are one?” Cassy was serious, but Zach could barely stop his smile. What was it about Cassy? Why couldn’t he stay mad at her? Why in the world did he feel so happy when she was around? Even when she was the one who had caused his pain.
He tried to remain angry, but Cassy did have a point. He went over many scenarios in his head, and they all ended up with him running the other way. He would never have left Carlson and Carlson, not even for more money. He had been happy there, his existence was based on a lie, but he had been happy. Then he realized that it wasn’t happiness. This was happiness, that was complacency. He hadn’t been happy, he had been satisfied and too lazy to search for something better. He was actually happy here, and Cassy was a large part of that. Even with Cassy manipulating him to get him here, he was still happy. This was the real him, good, bad, whatever, at least it was real.
He wasn’t ready to give in yet. Zach wanted to be mad at Cassy. He wanted her to feel bad. He wasn’t even sure why. He had basically forgiven her already; he just hadn’t told her yet. As he sat there silently, hoping that Cassy was hating every minute of it, he pondered where this left them. He shot a quick glance at Cassy, and she had her eyes toward the floor. She was hating this…good. She deserved to feel bad for a while. He couldn’t stay angry at her much longer, but at least he could make it last a few more moments.
Zach stood and took a step toward the bed where Cassy was sitting, hands on the back of her neck, staring at his shoes.
“I’m really sorry, Zach.” She looked up and saw the stupid grin. “I really…didn’t…” she started but couldn’t stop the laugh. “What the hell is so amusing?”
“If I hadn’t been tricked into trying this crazy, messed up job, I would have never realized how unhappy I was as an accountant. I thought I was happy. Until I realized what happy really feels like.” He paused for a second, just long enough to lift his left eyebrow in acknowledgment of the shocked look on Cassy’s face, then went on. “I was just content. Content isn’t happy. This job…”
“It’s bonkers,” Cassy finished for him.
“It is bonkers,” Zach said with a laugh. “I wouldn’t be so happy here if it wasn’t. I mean,” Zach started as he sat beside her. “What other job can you go around helping monsters?”
“You could be a preschool teacher,” Cassy offered then covered her mouth to stop the laugh.
“Oh, no!” Zach replied adamantly. “I’d rather chase a werewolf…speaking of which.”
“Yes, I knew Sheri was a werewolf,” Cassy replied.
“That really wasn’t my question. I figured that part out already,” Zach said then his smile left. “Do you get urges?”
“Urges?” Cassy asked. She tried to hide the apprehension but was sure Zach was noticing how nervous she was.
“Yeah, like…” Zach started then tried to figure out how to say it without sounding evil.
Cassy’s brain flooded her with images. Her face turned bright red. Was he really going to talk about it? Now? A million things flashed through Cassy’s mind, but not a single one was anywhere near what Zach really meant.
“I had the nearly uncontrollable urge to kill one of my closest friends,” Zach said, and he looked lost but hopeful. Surely, being so much alike, Cassy could understand this. “The worst part was. I liked how it felt. I wanted to see her die.”
Cassy let out an audible sigh that Zach didn’t quite understand. As liberating as it was, she was also a little disappointed. She forced the part of her brain that was feeding her images of her and Zach kissing to the back of her mind. Then she focused on helping him.
“I didn’t tell you the whole story about when that girl slapped me,” Cassy started. She looked at the floor and hoped Zach would take it as shame rather than the fact that she was hiding her bright red face. Why did her mind automatically go there? She was just glad she had waited for Zach to speak first. The humiliation would have been ten times worse had she said what she was thinking.
“Did you feel it?” Zach asked. He scooted closer to Cassy.
“The girl was my best friend. She had slept with a guy I liked. I called her some pretty mean names, so she slapped me. In that moment, I wanted to tear her apart. I even pictured it. I might have even done it too, but then I saw my dad. Not really him. Just the thought of what he would say. How disappointed he would be.” Cassy lifted her head and hoped her red face was back to normal.
“For me, it was the look on Sheri’s face,” Zach said sadly.
“Did you feel the power?” Cassy asked. The expression was a mixture of longing and disgust.
She did feel it too. The desire to kill and the revulsion of realizing it. Zach perked up. He wasn’t as evil as he had thought. If Cassy had the urges and she controlled them, he could too. Cassy was a good person, a little sneaky but overall, a good person.
“After I nearly killed that girl I told my dad about it,” Cassy said.
“How did he take it?” Zach asked.
“My dad liked his stories. So he told me a story. Maybe this one will help you too,” Cassy said, and Zach didn’t object. “It’s called ‘The boy who cried werewolf.’”
Zach grinned at her.
“Don’t you mean wolf?” Zach asked.
“Nope,” she replied assuredly and began.
“There was once a family who lived by themselves in the forest. A mom, a dad, and a boy. The boy had recently had his thirteenth birthday.” Cassy waited, but Zach was hanging on every word, so she went on.
“One night the parents were woken by the boy screaming. They rushed into his room and turned on the light. The boy looked at his parents full of fear. He told them a monster was in his room.”
“After checking the whole room. Under the bed. In the closet. There was no monster to be found. So the boy’s parents comforted him then went back to bed. The next night, it happened again. It kept happening for nearly a week before the parents finally figured out what was really going on.”
“What did they do?” Zach asked.
Cassy grinned. Zach was just as enamored by the story as she had been when her dad had told her. Hopefully, it would be just as meaningful.
“They waited and, right on cue, the boy cried out again. This time they rushed to his room but didn’t turn on the light. The father walked over to the boy’s dresser, and when the mom flipped the switch, the boy’s eyes caught sight of the monster beside his dad. The boy screamed once again, and the mom rushed to console him.”
“As she held him, she smiled, and the father spoke. ‘Son. It’s just your reflection. You’re growing older. It’s your time.’”
“The boy looked at his father, who was covered in dark, brown fur. He had long fangs and claws and glowing, golden eyes. When the boy looked beside his father, he saw his reflection with the same golden eyes and dark fur. Then he looked at his mother who had soft white fur and the same golden eyes. And he understood. There was no monster.” Cassy stopped and waited for Zach.
“Are you saying that I should just accept my inner monster?” Zach asked with a raised eyebrow.
“Sort of, but there’s more to it,” Cassy said with a smirk. “If everyone around you is a monster. Are you really a monster?” Cassy looked sad for a moment then spoke. “It’s why my dad was so hell-bent on finding my parents. He thought that if I had people like myself around, I wouldn’t feel so…out of place.”
Zach looked at Cassy and scooted a little closer. He wanted to hug her but decided against it. Instead, he decided that comforting her with words was a better idea. She was still his boss.
“Now you have me…and I have you,” Zach said. Cassy caught his gaze as she looked up.
“Yeah,” she replied and stared deeper into his eyes.
After a few moments, Zach forced himself to speak.
“There’s something else. Something I didn’t mention about my brother,” Zach said.
“So, we’re going with brother now?” Cassy asked, and Zach nodded. Zach was really close. Did he realize how close he was? Cassy’s heart pounded in her chest. Maybe her imagination hadn’t been wrong. Every time Zach started speaking, he seemed to be scooting just a little closer. Inch by inch. In a few more sentences, their bodies would practically be touching.
“There was this feeling when I was near him,” Zach explained. “I’ve felt it before. When I was a kid.”
“I understand, Zach. I know that feeling too,” Cassy said, and Zach looked at her with astonishment. Cassy smiled back kindly, then continued. “Since, well…as long as I can remember, I’ve had these strange dreams. Dreams where something sinister is searching for me. They went away about two or three years ago, but I’ll never forget them.”
“Like it wanted you? Like the…” He struggled for words to describe the feeling as he scooted just a little closer to Cassy. “The darkness wanted you for something. Like it was trying to get you back.”
“No, Zach,” she said and looked away. She looked at the floor and concentrated on remembering the feelings. The dread and fear crept into her, and Zach knew her dreams had been very different than his. “Whatever was chasing me, hated me. It wanted nothing more than the chance to hurt me and watch me suffer. It didn’t just want to kill me. It wanted to torture me.”
“I see,” Zach said and let his gaze fall to the floor. He didn’t know what to say. He wanted to apologize but knew it wasn’t his fault. This man claiming to be his brother wanted to hurt Cassy. The man also wanted Zach to join him in hurting others. The words from the oil man were laced with contradictions. Everything inside Zach knew that the oil man wanted Zach to become evil like he was. Although he was willing to bet the man really did want Zach to lead with him, it would not be peacefully. This man loved destruction and pain.
Zach looked up at Cassy again, and she was still staring at the floor. Cassy understood. She understood all of it. The feeling of power, the urge to kill. He didn’t want to be like the oil man. He wanted to be like Cassy. She could help him contain these feelings. All it took was looking into her eyes.
“Think you can help me stop whatever this is? It’s so hard to resist. It’s so…” Zach fumbled for words again.
“Intoxicating?” Cassy finished as she looked up and stared at Zach.
“Yes. And I know we’re not completely the same but…” Zach said, then leaned in closer to Cassy. She followed his lead and leaned in as well.
“At least we can help each other understand it,” Cassy offered. She stared into Zach’s eyes and noticed they looked different now. Perhaps this was what Zach felt when he looked into her eyes. She felt warm and comfortable. His eyes now had a strange red tint to them, almost like there was a red light behind them. They were remarkable. If Zach felt anything like this when he looked into her eyes, she wondered how he could ever stop himself from looking.
Zach found peace in Cassy’s eyes. The fire and turmoil he felt last night seemed very distant. He would never harm anyone for amusement. Not if he felt like this. Cassy kept him calm. Cassy was tranquility to him.
Zach leaned in a little farther, and Cassy did as well. The corners of her mouth curled, and a smile started as Zach stared at her lips.
Maggie threw open the door, stumbled then fell, face first into the room. Without losing her composure, perhaps it was a throwback to her time as a cat, she propped her head up on her hands and smiled. Zach and Cassy scooted apart, and both looked at Maggie guiltily.
“I forgot. I’m legally dead. I have no money, and my credit cards don’t work anymore. Who wants to buy dinner?” she asked with a smirk.
“Zach and I got everything worked out,” Cassy said as she stood and held her hand out to Zach. “How about I buy dinner with the credit card and we call it a work expense?”
Zach smiled, grabbed Cassy’s hand then stood up as well.
“Sounds like a plan,” Zach agreed.
Maggie was the last to leave the loft and glanced nervously at the window as she left. She knew Xander was watching. He had been the one to tell her to get back upstairs and stop Zach and Cassy before they took things too far. But where was he watching from?

Chapter 16
Across the street, on top of the apartment building, a brunette woman sat with her legs dangling off the edge. She was a pretty woman with flaming red eyes. Her tight leather outfit made her look menacing, but her posture and the way she swung her legs back and forth, looked childish.
“I know you’re there, Xander,” the woman said.
“Enjoying the show, Angela?” Xander asked. He walked up behind her wearing an ankle length, black trench coat, and waited. The coat was unbuttoned, and underneath, he had on a black suit, white shirt and a tie.
With a swift motion, Angela threw herself off the building then vanished in a puff of smoke. She appeared behind Xander, and he just laughed. “Cute trick.”
“Yes, I’m enjoying the show very much.” She waited for Xander to turn around, and when he did, she continued. “The human world is strange, but I think I’m getting used to it.” She put her index finger to her chin and tapped it. “How in the world did you get the human to help you?”
“Ah, you saw that,” he replied with a laugh. “She’s so naïve. She thinks I’m helping them.”
“No threats? No torture? Who would have guessed?” Angela asked with a smile.
“As long as she keeps them apart I don’t care,” Xander replied seriously.
Angela’s playfulness faded, and she returned Xander’s serious stare.
“How long do you think she’ll keep it up?” Angela asked.
“Few days, maybe a week or two. You need to be ready. That pathetic creature will falter soon. She’ll feel guilty and tell them everything,” Xander replied. He put his hands behind his back and started to walk off. He mumbled to himself, but Angela listened carefully. “It’s just a shame he found a sea hag like her before I found him. If I could have found him sooner, this could have all been avoided.”
“Why can’t I just kill the water witch? That would fix it,” Angela offered.
Xander stopped and turned slowly without making a sound. When he was certain Angela was paying attention, he started.
“You will not touch her. Understand? You have complicated this too much already.” He spoke slowly and clearly, but there was a hint of agitation that Angela didn’t miss.
“I promise. That wasn’t me. And I don’t understand why we can’t just kill her,” she stated.
In a flash, Xander had his hand on her throat, and she was lifted off the ground.
“If she dies by our hands Zach will get angry. Do you really want to face my brother when he’s angry?” Xander released Angela, and she fell to the ground.
“No…sire. I was just…” Angela groveled.
“You were just what?!” Xander replied angrily. “I’ve spent far too long on this to screw it up. The sea hag was a minor inconvenience, nothing more! Someone…” He looked sternly at Angela, who was still cowering. “Is turning her into more of a problem than she was to begin with. But we still have options. We separate them, make them hate each other, whatever it takes. As long as they’re not together. By themselves, we can take them. That is if my brother doesn’t agree to help me. If he does. Then that is another story entirely. Even though your meddling has made that nearly impossible, there’s still a chance.”
“Sire. It really wasn’t me!” she begged with her eyes down.
“If it wasn’t you then who freed Shawn Rasvondy and sent him at Connor Mousman?” Xander asked disdainfully.
“I have no idea, sire,” Angela said.
“If my mother or that bitch vampire had anything to do with this…” Xander clenched his fists, and Angela cowered.
“I’ll look into it, sire, and I won’t touch the water witch,” Angela offered.
“Besides.” Xander started to walk away again. “She’s royalty as much as my brother is. I’m not sure you could take her if you wanted to.” He took a few steps then paused again. Xander was nearly at the opposite side of the roof now. “Kill Shawn Rasvondy. Immediately. Am I clear?” Xander asked. 
“Yes, sire. I’m sorry, sire. What would you have me do afterward?” Angela asked, she was still on her knees, but she let her eyes raise.
“Penance.” He turned and stared at her intently, then went on. “Your incompetence has forced my plans to change. No matter who freed Shawn, it’s your fault Connor Mousman is dead. You were supposed to keep an eye on Connor while I waited for Zach to reveal himself. With Connor alive, I could have easily steered Zach away, but that is no longer an option.”
Xander continued his rant while he paced.
“Someone is working against us. Someone wants them together. When I find out who they are, they will pay.”
“Sire. I summoned you the moment I saw Shawn…” she started, but he didn’t let her finish.
“You should have killed the vampire yourself! And now Cassy and Zach are together! Someone else may have put this in motion, but you let it happen!”
“What kind of penance do you have in mind?” Angela asked, giving in to the punishment she felt she deserved. She had let Xander down. He was right. She hadn’t caused Connor Mousman’s death, but she hadn’t stopped it either.
“How do you feel about red hair?” Xander asked then he vanished.
“Red hair? Sire?” Angela asked to the empty roof then she vanished as well.

Chapter 17
Zach leaned back in his chair and put his hands behind his head. He looked proud, even though Maggie and Cassy were both looking at him like he had lost his mind.
“We don’t need a couch,” Cassy said motioning to the couch on the other side of the room from Zach’s desk. It was decorated in a vine pattern with flowers. She had seen wallpaper with this pattern before but never a couch.
“It’s a little…” Maggie said sheepishly.
“Ugly?” Cassy asked.
“I was going to be nicer than that, but yes,” Maggie replied.
“We needed a couch,” Zach replied, sitting up. “Where do clients sit when they come in?”
“Umm,” Maggie said.
“Uhhh,” Cassy replied.
Both women looked at each other, then started laughing.
“What?” Zach asked.
Cassy and Maggie walked to the couch and sat down.
“We’re just giving you shit,” Maggie laughed.
“It is ugly though,” Cassy added.
“Yeah, it is,” Maggie agreed.
“Fine! I’ll get a couch cover for it then,” Zach said with exasperation.
While they were pretending to argue, Rebecca walked in with dark sunglasses, wearing the white sundress that Zach loved. He immediately sat up straight and couldn’t take his eyes off her.
“Come in and have a seat on the brand new couch,” Maggie said as she waved her hand over it. The look on Rebecca’s face was almost revulsion.
“Zach picked it out,” Cassy added with a laugh.
“That explains it,” Rebecca laughed then sat between the sisters. She crossed her legs then looked over the top of her sunglasses and spoke to Zach. “Men shouldn’t pick out furniture without a lady present,” she said then smiled.
Zach feigned indignance, threw up his arms and stormed toward the front door. As he opened the door, he turned and smiled.
“I’m going on a coffee run. Anyone want any?” Zach asked.
After Zach left with their order, Rebecca got to the reason she had come.
“My father will be here after sundown,” she stated.
“Guess tonight is my night off,” Maggie replied, then headed upstairs.
“I don’t understand,” Rebecca said, turning to Cassy.
“My sister has a complicated past with vampires,” Cassy explained. She didn’t go into full detail, but Rebecca seemed to understand enough.
“Ah. She’s human. I get it,” Rebecca replied.
That really didn’t cover everything, but Cassy wasn’t about to spill Maggie’s secrets, no matter how nice this dhampir seemed.
As the hours went by, Maggie left, and Zach went on another coffee run. He came back just in time to see Novalan Engels walk up to the door. He was a stiff looking man with a grey suit and tie. He wasn’t as tall as Zach but slightly taller than Cassy.
Novalan’s sandy blonde hair was trimmed neatly, and his eyes were a light silvery color with bright red veins. With his pale skin and bloodshot eyes, Cassy didn’t even have to ask. She knew he was a vampire the minute he knocked on the glass.
“Come in,” Cassy offered as she held the door open.
“Thank you,” he replied with an accent Cassy couldn’t place. It was European but seemed to be a mix of a few countries. It wasn’t quite French, not quite German. There was even a little bit of British in it. With a short bow, he made his way inside. The second he saw Rebecca his face lit up. He held his arms wide, and Rebecca threw herself at him.
Zach snuck in the door behind Novalan and set the coffee on his desk then leaned against it.
The two hugged for a few minutes before Novalan addressed Cassy.
“I hear you have a vampire problem,” he stated.
“I’m not sure it’s a vampire problem,” she explained.
“No. I’m telling you. It’s a vampire problem,” he said crisply.
“A vampire killed my father?” Cassy asked.
“Yes. A very nasty one at that. He’s young, impulsive and too stupid to realize that it’s bad form to kill humans,” he explained. “Mind if I sit?”
“Sure,” Cassy replied and headed toward Zach’s seat.
Zach looked around the room and realized. He was the odd man out for this meeting. Cassy was still the boss, and he wasn’t about to sit anywhere near Rebecca.
“I’m Zach,” he said and held out his hand.
Novalan grasped his hand firmly and looked at the larger man with curiosity.
“Nice to meet you,” he said with a curious tone then returned to look at Rebecca once more. “The vampire didn’t harm you, did he?”
“No, dad. He just attacked Cassy’s father for no reason,” Rebecca answered, trying to get her father’s focus back on their current problem.
“Who is this vampire?” Cassy asked, trying to speed things up. Something bothered her. He seemed nice, and Rebecca was happy to see him. Still, there was something unnerving about sitting in a room with a vampire. Especially one who seemed to be hiding something.
“I believe you’ve dealt with him before,” Novalan replied. Immediately Cassy had a sickening feeling in her gut. “Shawn Rasvondy.”
Cassy’s mouth fell open.
“But why?” Zach asked. Cassy was unable to process the news, so Zach decided to ask what he assumed she would.
“He was under the impression that your father had turned him into a cat.” Novalan laughed and soon realized that no one else was laughing. “Your father did turn him into a cat?” His expression begged for clarity.
“No. My sister did,” Cassy said somberly. “My dad had nothing to do with it.”
“Oh my. Where is your sister?” Novalan asked.
Zach turned to Cassy. Cassy turned to Zach.
“Where did Maggie go?” Zach asked.
“A bar probably,” Cassy offered and stood up abruptly. “We need to find her.”
Cassy made her way around the desk nervously. She didn’t want to be rude, but she needed to go. Now!
“It was very nice meeting you,” Cassy said quickly as she headed out the door.
“Thank you for the help,” Zach added and hurried to follow Cassy.
“My pleasure,” Novalan replied as the door shut. Then he turned to his daughter and looked at her sternly.
“What’s wrong, Dad?” she asked.
“You need to get the hell away from these creatures,” he scolded.
“Why? They’re my friends. They’ve been very kind to me,” Rebecca argued. “And Cassy has a thing for…” she started with a laugh, but her father interrupted her.
“Do you have any idea what they are?” he asked with a fear Rebecca had never seen in the ancient vampire. He had faced mobs of humans with guns and chains while still making snide remarks. He had warred with werewolves and killed offending vampires, all with ease and a joke. She had never seen her father truly afraid of anyone or anything. Not even his mother, the mother of all vampires, frightened her father. He was one of the oldest vampires in the world. Why did he look so terrified?
“No, but…” she started.
“The less you know, the better. We need to leave. Right now,” he decreed and pulled her to her feet.
“They’ve been so nice,” she argued and pulled her arm from his grasp. He quickly retrieved her arm once more, then stared at her with a conviction that scared her.
“You are a plaything to them. Our lives don’t matter. If you get in their way…if you even disparage them.” He made sure she was paying attention, and he pushed his face in closer. “They will, literally, tear your body to pieces and laugh while you scream.”
“At least let me leave them a thank you note,” she pleaded. She wasn’t ready to believe that Zach and Cassy were whatever her father was so afraid of. They had helped her when no one else would.
“Yes. That’s a very good idea. They know our names. We don’t want them searching for us because we were rude.” He looked down as he spoke, then quickly glanced out the front door. “Just hurry.”
“I don’t understand,” she said as she wrote. “What are they?” She placed the note on Zach’s desk then turned to her father once more.
“I pray you never find out.” He grabbed both sides of Rebecca’s face and forced her to look at him. “Listen very carefully. Your friends are what monsters have nightmares about,” he stated then hurried Rebecca out the door.

Chapter 18
Zach and Cassy pushed through the crowd at the loud dance club. Zach had called it a bar, but it wasn’t. This was a druggy hangout with loud music, dancing, and probably more drugs than either of them had ever seen in one place. The alcohol being served at the counter was the least intoxicating thing here. Flashing lights that pumped along with the music annoyed them both as they searched the crowd.
“I sure hope Maggie is here,” Zach said loudly as he leaned to Cassy's ear.
Cassy leaned back and spoke in Zach’s ear.
“She better be. We’re running out of clubs.” Cassy’s face distorted into a strange expression that Zach couldn’t place then she leaned back again. “I think that’s Maggie’s friend from high school.”
Zach followed Cassy’s stare and soon found a blonde, probably in her thirties. What was a woman her age doing in a club like this? Most of the patrons looked to be in their early twenties or younger. Before Zach could ask the question aloud, Cassy took off toward the woman.
The woman looked thin, and as Zach got closer, he realized she wasn’t just thin. She was, strung out, thin. The woman’s sallow face and hollow looking eyes disturbed Zach. He watched as Cassy leaned in then saw the woman point toward a door in the back.
Cassy grabbed Zach’s hand and pulled him along as she pushed her way through the crowd. On the other side of the door, the loud music softened to a dull thump, and the lights on the other side were stable and bright.
“She’s here?” Zach asked, realizing how bad this place was. He regretted his earlier comment. He now really hoped Maggie wasn’t here.
“She was,” Cassy replied swiftly then took off down the only hall.
They walked by stacks of boxes and Zach didn’t even want to guess at the contents. They looked like moving boxes with strange, markered labels. The markings were cryptic, and Zach was willing to bet that half of them contained drugs.
The endless row of boxes grew darker as they moved farther down the hall. By the time they reached the door at the end, everything was pitch black. Everything except for the light coming from under it.
“Get ready,” Cassy said quietly.
“Get ready?” Zach asked. Get ready for what? He wasn’t a fighter. Sure, he had powers, but he had no idea how to use them. Hell, he couldn’t even figure out how to turn them on without getting angry. He had tried, over and over. He had even tried to make himself angry, but that didn’t work either. Despite his best efforts, he couldn’t even make the claws come out, let alone the red eyes and super strength.
Cassy apparently didn’t hear Zach or just didn’t care to explain. She turned the knob and slowly opened the door. The room was brighter than the hallway, and they had to let their eyes adjust before they could see. When their eyes had adjusted to the blinding light, both of them were silent as they read the sign.
Stuck to the side of the boxes, a three-foot wide sign was written in, what they would bet, was Maggie’s blood.
‘1074 Locust Parkway. Bring Zach.’
Zach was the first to speak.
“How does he know about me? I’ve never met him.” Zach looked at Cassy who stared back suspiciously then realized what was really happening. Maggie was being used as bait by someone. Shawn had Maggie, but someone had put him up to it. She grabbed Zach’s shoulders.
“Your brother?” she asked.
“If that oily bastard had anything to do with this. I’ll…” Zach started, then realized. How was he going to hurt someone made out of oil?
“If Maggie is hurt. You’ll have to get in line,” Cassy said, and her eyes turned a lighter shade of blue. Zach smiled.
Her eyes weren’t the calming shade of blue anymore, but they were still just as beautiful. He could practically feel the anger coming from Cassy. It also felt like the temperature in the room had dropped a few degrees. Cassy was very impressive, and they made a pretty good team. At least when they weren’t lying to each other.
“Let’s go save Maggie,” Zach said, and they were out of the club, and headed toward 1074 Locust Parkway in no time. With Cassy’s car, and Cassy driving it, they would be there in less than five minutes.

Chapter 19
Cassy pulled up and revved the engine several times before shutting it off.
“We should have brought my car. It’s quieter,” Zach said as he got out and stared at the five-story office building.
“I want him to know we’re here,” Cassy replied.
“What’s the plan?” Zach asked, staring across the car at a very angry looking Cassy. Her eyes had changed shades once more. They were now an even lighter shade of ice blue instead. It was a little frightening but still compelling at the same time. Shawn didn’t stand a chance.
“We go inside, and I kill him,” Cassy said as she stormed toward the front door.
Zach walked quickly to keep up and noticed that there were no lights on inside. The doors were probably locked. How were they going to get inside? As he pondered this question, Cassy walked up to the door and pulled it off the hinges. An alarm sounded, so she hopped over the desk and smashed the console, over and over again, until it stopped.
“That solves that problem. Which floor you want?” Cassy asked but didn’t wait for an answer. She headed toward the elevator and pushed the button.
“We should just try the roof. Bad guys always go to the roof,” Zach replied as he caught up to her.
“Fine,” Cassy said with agitation. She wasn’t thinking clearly, and some part of her knew it. She would follow Zach because he seemed to be more logical right now.
As they rode up the elevator, a song played and, at first, Zach ignored it. Then he started picking up the words. It was the song about the farmer. Great! Just what he needed at a time like this. More of fate’s cruel jokes. He thrust his hand up into the roof and pulled down the speaker. It still belted out the tune, only louder, so Zach threw it on the floor and stomped on it.
“Got something against country music?” Cassy asked. Her eyes were still ice blue, but her thoughts were a little clearer. Zach’s shared anger seemed to make Cassy calmer.
“No. Just that song,” Zach replied with a little embarrassment. Perhaps Cassy’s agitation was rubbing off on him. He would never have done that before. How connected were they? He was upset, sure, but he wasn’t upset enough to assault inanimate objects, no matter how annoying they were.
Cassy smiled at Zach and laughed. Then the elevator doors opened, and her rage returned.
“SHAWN!” she yelled and left Zach in the elevator as she ran out onto the roof.
“Cassy wait,” Zach warned as he heard the gunfire.
A bullet slid across Cassy’s shoulder. She fell to the ground then rolled behind some sort of air duct coming from the floors below. It was large enough to hide her but not for very long. Zach ducked and snuck out of the elevator in the opposite direction. He noticed several of the duct looking protrusions scattered about. Other than the large structure housing the elevator, there was little else on the flat roof.
“You’re strong, but you’re not bulletproof!” a man’s voice yelled. Zach assumed it was Shawn. It had the same indescribable accent that Novalan had. Some sort of combination from many countries.
“Where’s Maggie?!” Cassy shouted. She pulled her hand away from her shoulder and saw the blood seep into the sleeve of her shirt. It wasn’t deep, and she wouldn’t lose much blood, but she hadn’t anticipated someone using a gun on her. She needed to listen to Zach more. Especially when she was this angry.
“She’s here! Where’s Zach?!” Shawn shouted back.
“I’m over here, dumbass!” Zach shouted. He could see Cassy from where he sat and was happy to see her smile at his insult.
“Splitting up! Good tactic!” Shawn retorted. “But bullets are fast! How fast do you think you are?!”
“Let Maggie go, and I’ll convince Cassy to let you leave with your arms!” Zach shouted. He needed to know approximately where Shawn was. Maybe he could rush him? Get the gun? Either way, he needed a way to distract him so Cassy could get somewhere safer.
“I knew the moment I took her that this only ends in one of two ways!” Shawn yelled with a laugh.
“I think you’re confused! I only see one way! You can’t get both of us before one of us kills you!” Zach yelled. He pointed through the elevator, toward where he thought the voice was coming from when Cassy looked at him again. She stuck her hand out on Zach’s side, then when Shawn fired, she rushed toward another duct farther from Zach.
‘What are you doing?’ Zach mouthed to Cassy.
She smiled, then mouthed back. ‘Get behind him.’
Now Zach understood. Shawn couldn’t face two directions. One in front and one behind. That was the only way one of them was going to get a chance to subdue him. Zach noticed a duct similar to Cassy’s further down the roof. It was the farthest from where Cassy was now, and it was perfect. This would put them on opposite sides of where Zach was certain Shawn was.
Zach nodded to Cassy, who knew exactly what to do.
“Hey, Shawn! How attached are you to your arms?!” She laughed loudly. “You like that little pun?!”
This apparently hit a nerve with Shawn. He fired a bullet at the duct Cassy was hiding behind, and Zach made a run for it. He made it to the duct just as Shawn fired a shot toward him.
“What now, Shawn?!” Cassy yelled.
Zach peeked out and saw the man. Maggie was in his arms, and she looked alive. Her mouth was taped, and she looked like she had been crying. Then Zach noticed the blood on her neck, and her head was bobbing back and forth. She was either very drunk or weak from blood loss, maybe both.
“If you hurt her!” Zach yelled.
“What’s wrong, fire boy?! You got a thing for this human?!” Shawn laughed and turned toward Zach. “I can understand why. Maggie is hot. You know, I really did have a thing for her. I was going to turn her so we would never be apart. At least until I got turned into a cat!”
Zach had gotten a good look at Shawn. He looked pretty average. Six foot, or just shy of it. He wasn’t very fit looking. Then again, he was a vampire. His skin was pale, and his face was thin. Zach also noticed that Shawn’s brown hair was somewhat disheveled, and he looked upset, maybe even scared. Zach didn’t see what Maggie could have seen in the man. He really wasn’t that impressive. While he was surveying Shawn, he also noticed how Shawn clutched Maggie tightly. Presumably to keep her from running. She also provided a very nice shield.
“Seriously, Shawn! If you let Maggie go, we’ll let you live!” Zach shouted. That was Cassy’s cue. He saw her start toward Shawn so Zach stuck his hand out from behind the duct and pulled it back quickly as Shawn shot. Cassy made it to Shawn before he could even spin the gun around. It went off as Cassy crushed his wrist then she punched him in the face, and he fell to the ground.
Zach sprinted over and picked Maggie up then pulled the duct tape off. She grinned at Zach, and her head swayed.
“My hero,” she said then kissed Zach on the cheek. Then her head flopped backward, and she was out cold.
Cassy picked up Shawn’s gun, crushed it with her hand then smirked at Zach.
“You really should quit leading her on,” Cassy said. “You take her back home while I deal with him.” She looked down at Shawn, and Zach recognized the look right away.
“No. I think I should stay,” Zach argued.
“I can handle him,” Cassy urged.
“I know you can, but you’ll kill him before you get any real answers,” Zach countered.
“Fine,” Cassy replied resentfully, but Zach knew it wasn’t directed at him. He had been taunting Shawn about tearing his arms off, but Cassy was serious. If Zach left her alone, she really would tear Shawn’s arms off. Zach could remember that feeling very well. It was exactly what he had wanted to do to Sheri. He remembered the urge vividly. At this moment, he needed to save Shawn from Cassy…at least until they had more information. After that, Zach might just help her.
“You take Maggie,” Zach said as he handed Maggie’s limp body to her sister. “I’ll grab Mr. ‘Oh I’m a vampire with a gun, what could go wrong?’” He made a silly voice that nearly sounded like Shawn’s accent only an octave higher. This produced a smile from Cassy. After calming Cassy with a joke, he bent down and scooped up Shawn then headed for the elevator.
On the elevator ride down, Cassy kept glancing at Zach. It made him a little nervous. What was going through her head? As they reached the bottom floor and just before Zach could ask, Cassy answered the question.
“You don’t have a thing for Maggie, do you?” Cassy asked. The doors were open, but neither of them went through. This conversation seemed more pressing than getting out of the building they had broken into. The unconscious man and the passed out woman were the last things on their minds as they stared into each other’s eyes.
Zach felt the urge to shout ‘No!’ but reigned it in. He carefully thought out his answer, which seemed to make the awkward moment stretch out even longer. Cassy was many things to him now and someone to have a fling with was not one of them. She was too important for that. When he was sure of what he wanted to say, he cleared his throat then smiled.
“She’s more like my little sister…which is strange since she’s older than me,” he replied and felt satisfied with his answer.
Cassy looked away, it wasn’t what she’d hoped for, but it wasn’t as bad as she had imagined. Zach wasn’t in love with her sister, a plus, but he didn’t seem interested in her either. She got off the elevator and laughed.
“Yeah, she’s like my little sister too.” As she walked toward the door she had destroyed earlier, she wondered. What took Zach so long to come up with that explanation? Was there something else he wanted to say? Perhaps it was better to leave this subject alone for now. They had been through quite a lot in the last few days. This adventure, this partnership, was just beginning. There would be time for these other subjects as long as Cassy could keep Zach around.
She had lied to him, manipulated him, and still, he stayed. The looks he gave her weren’t the same as the ones he gave Rebecca, but there was something there. Perhaps it was just friendship.
Zach tossed Shawn in the trunk while Cassy gently put Maggie in the back seat and buckled her in. When she was finished, she leaned over the car and smirked at Zach. Her earlier revelation had given her an idea. She didn’t want Zach going anywhere. Their relationship may not have been what she hoped for, but she wasn’t willing to give up on it either. There was one way she could think of to make sure Zach didn’t leave. This would give her time to grab Zach’s attention. Maybe he just hadn’t noticed how she looked at him. Perhaps he just needed a little nudge in the right direction.
“What?” Zach asked when he saw her curious look.
“How do you feel about owning an investigation agency?” Cassy asked cryptically.
Zach leaned against the car and stared across the roof at Cassy.
“Are you quitting? I don’t have any money. I can’t buy it,” Zach replied. He wasn’t ready for this to be over. He had finally found what he knew he was meant to do. He wasn’t an accountant, despite the years he had spent training and working his way up the ladder. He wanted this, all of it, more than he had ever wanted anything. She couldn’t just quit on him now. He NEEDED Cassy.
“No, silly. I need a partner,” Cassy corrected.
“Oh…umm…what about Maggie?” Zach asked. He had never been so happy to be wrong. She didn’t want to quit. He was ready to jump at the chance but felt guilty, like he was stealing something meant for Maggie.
“Really? The drunk girl in the backseat who got kidnapped by a vampire? I really don’t think she’s cut out for this,” Cassy said with a laugh. She leaned her chin onto her hands, then her smile turned devilish. “She’s more like our receptionist.”
“Actually, that…” Zach started, but Maggie shouted from the car.
“Woohoo! I’m the receptionist! I got promoted!” She laughed hysterically from inside the car. Then they both heard her whispering to herself far too loudly. “A hundred times better than company mascot. Who even keeps a cat as a mascot?” The rest was mumbling about fur and being cold, but neither of them could make it out.
“What the hell did Shawn give her?” Zach asked.
“Probably two beers. She was never very good at holding her liquor,” Cassy replied. “Anyway. You were answering my question.” Cassy stared at him with anticipation. She felt a little sneaky. Like she was manipulating Zach again, but this time he probably wouldn’t mind. She couldn’t very well start something with an employee, but a partner was fair game. That was, if she could somehow get him interested.
“Sure. If Maggie doesn’t object. I’m in,” Zach replied.
Cassy, satisfied with his answer, opened her door then got in while Zach followed her lead. As they were heading back to the office, Zach decided that now would be a good time to bring up a few things. He was going to be her partner, so it was better to clear the air now.
“My phone number and parents’ names. You knew those before I started work here, didn’t you?” he asked.
“Yes, Zach. I did my homework on you. Dad told me to keep an eye on you. I think he even knew that we were similar,” she explained.
“Anything else that needs to be out in the open? Now’s your chance. Spill your secrets while I’m feeling generous,” Zach offered. He grinned as he waited. It was an empty threat. He doubted anything Cassy did could turn him off now. She was too kind and caring to do anything that might make him leave.
“Well…” Cassy started and let the suspense build. She considered telling Zach how she felt about him but realized that this particular secret was not one she was willing to share right now. Instead, she went with one that had been bugging her since the day she met him. A small lie, but she didn’t want any lies coming between them ever again. “MOUS is an acronym.”
“I knew it!” Zach replied with a laugh. “What’s it stand for?”
“When you first asked you weren’t ready, but now you know it all. It stands for Monsters and Other Unusual…” she paused and grinned, then said. “Stuff.”
“You were going to say shit weren’t you?” Zach asked.
“We’re running a family-friendly establishment. I would never,” she said with a straight face then let her smile loose. “Fine. I was going to say shit.”

Chapter 20
While Maggie slept off the drunken stupor in their bed, Cassy met Zach in the apartment across from the office. It seemed like the best place to interrogate Shawn. Rebecca had vanished, and they didn’t own a dungeon or a prison…so apartment it was.
Cassy threw an ice cold glass of water on Shawn. The shock woke him, and he soon realized that his hands were handcuffed behind him. When he looked down, he saw that his feet were tied to the chair legs.
“I could just break the chair,” Shawn said menacingly.
Zach sat on the couch in front of Shawn and leaned forward.
“If you do that I’ll walk out that door and leave you with Cassy,” he said with a sinister quality to his voice that Shawn picked up on.
Cassy just smiled down at Shawn. He stared into her eyes and saw them turn from blue to ice white. As he continued to stare, the overwhelming sensation of drowning overtook him. He couldn’t breathe. He gasped and coughed while his chest struggled to draw breath, but none came. Then Zach got up and covered the vampire’s eyes.
“I think you’ve made your point,” Zach said to Cassy.
“Good,” Cassy replied triumphantly then sat on the couch. She had never intentionally used her ‘ability’. If that’s what it was. And it was a lot easier than she realized it would be. All she had to do was think ‘You’re drowning’ and Shawn’s body believed it. It was much faster when she actually concentrated. It usually took minutes. The person started out scared then, eventually, they lost the ability to breathe. When she actually tried, it took seconds.
Zach removed his hands, then took a seat beside Cassy. He crossed his arms, then tapped his fingers. “Well?”
“Well, what?” Shawn asked, attempting to act brave. His face didn’t share the emotion, and they could both see how terrified he was.
“Tell us the truth. Why did you kill my father? Why did you take Maggie then ask for Zach?” Cassy elaborated.
Shawn looked at Zach while he spoke. He didn’t want to get trapped in Cassy’s gaze again. Occasionally, while he spoke, his eyes would dart to Cassy, then he would quickly look away.
“The woman that changed me back told me Connor Mousman had been the one who cursed me. She said she would remove my curse if I did her a favor,” he explained.
“So, either you didn’t hear Maggie casting that spell, or you really are that stupid,” Cassy taunted. Shawn wasn’t that bright, but even he should have heard Maggie. He was a vampire, a stupid one, but still a vampire.
“Maggie had been trying that spell for weeks. She couldn’t even cast a simple nightlight spell. No, Maggie couldn’t have turned me into a cat,” Shawn replied with confidence.
“What do you mean?” Cassy asked. That couldn’t be right. Maggie had been the only one there. Cassy had seen the whole thing. There had been no one else there. Maggie said the words perfectly then, poof, they were both cats. Shawn was mistaken.
“That woman said Connor did it, and all I had to do was promise to kidnap Maggie and lure Zach into a trap as payment. Then, just like that, she freed me, and I was able to get my revenge,” Shawn explained. He looked triumphant at first then he remembered who he was talking to. He still tried to keep the brave look, but it was failing miserably.
“It was a woman? You’re sure? What was her name?” Zach asked, leaning forward.
“Refused to tell me her name but yeah. She was definitely a woman. Pretty little thing too. Long blonde hair. Amazing…” Shawn started.
“I don’t care!” Cassy interrupted. “What did she want?” She’d had enough of Shawn. None of his story made sense. Who was this woman? And who had turned Maggie and Shawn into cats? Shawn really was an idiot. Her dad hadn’t cast that spell. He hated magic and refused to even consider using it. Besides, he hadn’t been in town that night. Shawn had just believed the woman without even bothering to check her story.
“She said if I failed and got caught, I was supposed to give you a message. If I do can I leave?” he asked, then realized he needed to be more specific. “With all my limbs attached?” His fear was starting to get the better of him, and his brave front was wavering.
Zach looked to Cassy. This was her decision. Shawn had killed her father and nearly killed her sister. He had no right to decide this one, partner or not.
Instead of looking at Shawn, Cassy stared at Zach. She thought for a moment before answering. She could always torture Shawn until he spoke then kill him. Although torture had been proven to be unreliable. Shawn might just say what they wanted to hear. The promise of freedom might get her a more truthful answer.
She could also lie, get the truth, then kill Shawn. But what would Zach think of her? This was a difficult decision, made more so by the fact that Zach was here. She really wanted to hurt Shawn and hear him scream but knew that it wouldn’t bring her resolution. Her father was dead. And as much as she wanted to hurt Shawn, he had merely been the weapon. Someone else was behind her father’s murder. 
Shawn was just an idiotic patsy. This woman had orchestrated her father’s murder. She had ordered Shawn to kidnap Maggie and lure Zach into a trap. Cassy needed more information on this woman. To start with. Why did this woman want her father dead?
Cassy turned to Shawn and looked at him without emotion.
“Tell the truth, and I’ll let you live. You will leave the city. Hell, you better leave the state. If I ever see you even looking at my sister again…” she felt the anger rising, and both men could feel the temperature of the room drop. “I’ll make you scream for hours before I let you die.”
Shawn looked terrified, but he refused to look into Cassy’s eyes. His gaze was fixated somewhere on the floor near her feet. His false bravery faltered, and he spoke with the fear that was apparent on his face.
“I promise this is everything she said,” he replied weakly. “I was supposed to get Zach to the roof and kill him. If I failed and was captured. I was supposed to give him a message.” He looked up and stared at Zach. “There are more players in this game than you know. Some want you dead. Some want you to lead. And some just want the war to be over, no matter who wins.” He paused and realized he had forgotten something. “She also said to pick a side soon, or someone will choose for you.”
“What did she look like again? Be specific this time,” Cassy ordered.
“She was small…” Shawn started then Cassy and Zach both heard the window shatter. The bullet tore through Shawn’s head and zipped between them, right through the couch. 
Zach immediately threw himself on Cassy, the momentum flipping the couch. Another bullet zipped through the couch, narrowly missing Zach’s leg. The two of them scrambled to the front door as two more shots hit the couch right where they had been.
Zach pushed Cassy out the door, reached up and grabbed the handle and was about to pull it shut just as another shot ripped through the door and his forearm. It missed his head by inches on its way through. Instinctively Cassy pulled him out of the way and into the hall, where the shooter couldn’t see them.
Bullets continued to riddle the wall for a few seconds then they stopped abruptly. All of them had been too high to hit either of them.
“You’re hit!” Cassy shouted when she saw the blood coming from Zach’s arm. “We need a hospital.”
“We can’t go to a hospital,” Zach replied as he pulled off his shirt and wrapped it around his arm. “They’ll do blood tests and stuff like that. Someone will notice.”
“Holy hell! You’re right,” Cassy relented.
“You’ll have to stitch me up or something,” Zach offered, and Cassy knew it was their only option.
After helping Zach down the steps, they took a few moments and scoured the rooftops nearby. Satisfied that no one was waiting to shoot at them again, they rushed across the street and into their building. Once they were in Cassy’s office, they felt safer. Her office slash library had no windows, so whoever was trying to kill them would have to come in or attempt to shoot through a brick wall.
Zach spent the night after Cassy patched him up. She convinced him that going home wasn’t going to happen. With the new couch in her office and a pillow and blanket, it didn’t take Zach long to fall asleep. Reluctantly, Cassy slept in her own bed, but only after she took the large cat-man statue and used it to block the front door. No one was getting in without smashing through the window, and one of them would hear the crash.

Chapter 21
In the morning, Zach woke to the sound of loud knocking on the front door. As he scrambled to get to it, he saw Cassy coming down the stairs. She hadn’t changed clothes and, as usual, her hair was a cute mess. They both looked at the vaguely familiar man as he stood outside the door in black suit pants and a white button-up shirt.
Cassy was the first to say it out loud.
“He sure looks like your brother,” she said, her eyes darting between the two of them.
“I guess he was telling the truth,” Zach replied. “About that, anyway.”
Cassy moved the cat-man statue then opened the door. The man stepped through, clearly in a hurry.
“I heard what happened. Are you both ok?” he asked with urgency.
Zach just stared at the man while Cassy was still looking back and forth between them. They had the same bone structure, the same posture. The hair was a different color, and he was thinner, also a little shorter than Zach, but they really were brothers.
“I’m sorry,” he started. “My name is Xander. I apologize for our first meeting. I was trying to scare you into action. I didn’t think they’d find you so soon.” Xander started pacing and looking at the floor. “I know I came off a little rough earlier.”
“Ya think?” Zach asked, not buying this new ‘concerned brother’ act.
Xander stopped pacing and looked at both of them.
“I just wanted you to know how serious this is. I thought I’d have more time.” Xander started pacing once more.
“Who are they?” Cassy asked.
“Who is who?” Xander asked, stopping once more to look at Cassy. He looked her right in the eyes and didn’t flinch. He really was Zach’s brother, this last piece of evidence sealed the deal in Cassy’s opinion.
“They. Is the blonde woman who had Shawn murder my father part of this? Who is she? Who are they?” Cassy could feel the rage starting again. She felt like grabbing Xander and shaking him until he started telling the truth but pushed the feelings down. He was clearly up to something, but attacking him wouldn’t give her the information she wanted.
“I honestly don’t know,” Xander started. “They have many soldiers. She might be one of them.”
“Who does?” Zach asked. Zach’s concern wasn’t fake like the act Xander was putting on. Zach just hoped that this act didn’t stop Xander from telling the truth sometimes. They would just have to wade through the bullshit to figure out what parts were true.
“I don’t even know their name. The group who killed our father. The same group that wants us dead so they can take over,” Xander explained.
Cassy and Zach looked at each other. It was a knowing look. Apparently, Cassy had the same impression of Xander.
“Why didn’t you want Cassy to see you before?” Zach asked. This one question had concerned him more than any other. He thought it might be a clue as to what they were, but he doubted Xander would tell the truth.
Xander laughed nervously.
“I thought she might be one of them,” he replied.
“Well, she’s not,” Zach stated adamantly. His tone was more out of frustration. Xander wasn’t sloppy. There would be no tricking him into saying anything he wasn’t ready to reveal. Xander didn’t believe Cassy was one of ‘them’. It was just another lie. Was Xander even capable of telling the truth?
“Clearly, I was mistaken,” he said, staring at Cassy. “I apologize.”
Cassy’s posture loosened. She walked over and leaned against the counter. This wasn’t a fist fight, this was a showdown of wits and Zach was doing just fine. She was here if Zach needed her but, so far, he was keeping up with Xander quite well.
“What now?” she asked. 
“Trust no one. Anyone could be one of their spies or their assassins,” Xander warned. He noticed Zach’s arm. When he reached for it, Zach pulled away. “You really don’t know how to use magic, do you?”
“What are you talking about?” Zach asked.
Xander reached for Zach’s arm again, and this time he didn’t pull away. When Xander placed his hand over Zach’s wound, his hand started to glow bright red. Zach could feel the heat, but it was comforting.
“Zach?” Cassy asked with concern and stepped toward them. Was this the plan? Get close to Zach then kill him? She felt her eyes change and was certain that both men felt the temperature in the room drop. For the first time since he arrived, she saw Xander actually look concerned, and this reaction was not fake.
“Its fine,” Zach reassured her.
Xander quickly hid his apprehension then took a step back while Zach unwrapped the bandages. When Zach was finished, he marveled at the place where a bullet hole had been only moments ago. Cassy took another step forward and gently put her finger on Zach’s arm.
“Does it hurt?” she asked, still keeping an eye on Xander. She really didn’t trust him.
“It feels normal,” Zach said cheerfully.
“I have to go,” Xander said.
“Wait!” Zach urged him. “I have so many questions.”
“That will have to wait. I need to find out who’s behind this. I’ll be back as soon as I can.” Xander didn’t wait for them to acknowledge his words. He was at the door before either of them even realized.
“At least tell us what we are,” Zach begged, but Xander was already gone. Zach rushed to the door and flung it open, but there was not a single person walking down the street. Xander had vanished.
Zach shut the door and walked back toward Cassy. When he looked up, he noticed her expression. It mimicked the way he felt.
“You didn’t buy that act either?” he asked.
“I almost did…for about half a second,” Cassy teased.
“Yeah, he was really good,” Zach stated. “But that feeling.”
“Like the dream. It’s definitely him. What do you think he really wanted?” Cassy asked.
“I have a bad feeling we’ll find that out sooner than we want,” Zach sighed. He sat down in his chair while Cassy leaned against the counter.
“One thing’s for certain,” Cassy said with a smile.
Zach looked up and smiled back.
“Yeah. We definitely can’t trust him.” Zach leaned back. “He may have gotten what he came for, but we got something too.”
“What’s that?” Cassy asked. She hadn’t noticed Xander slip up even once.
“We know his name,” Zach replied.
“I guess that is something,” Cassy agreed. “There was something else too.”
“What’s that?” Zach asked.
“He is afraid of me. Did you see him cower when I got upset? He covered it quickly, but I saw it,” Cassy stated.
“When you tried to freeze me?” Zach asked with a laugh.
“I wasn’t trying to freeze you, jackass,” she replied with a laugh then headed to her office.
Zach sighed, then followed her. They had a lot of research to do. The case was over, and Connor’s murderer was dead, even if the people behind it were still out there somewhere. Despite this small victory, they both knew solving the mystery of what they were had barely begun.

Chapter 22
Xander sat in a large open apartment. Windows covered two walls, and he could see the city below from five stories up. The marble floors and spotless, white furniture kept the room feeling stiff and organized, just how he liked things. He forced a smile as he listened to Maggie drone on and on.
“Cassy is getting ready to take a trip. I think it’s a case. What if they end up sharing a room? Is it bad for them to spend so much time together…alone?” Her eyebrows raised, and she looked genuinely concerned. “You still want them to slow down. Right?”
Xander thought his response through several times before he spoke. He needed to be reassuring and kind. He needed to keep placating Maggie. Despite her annoying voice and the speed at which she spoke, there were pieces of useful information in there somewhere. She was an annoying, yet necessary, part of his plan now.
“Find out where they are going and let me know. I’ll make sure they take things slowly. We don’t want them accidentally falling into bed together so soon,” he said with a smile. He wanted to kill this pathetic human but knew that it would cause Cassy, and maybe even Zach, to take action. He wasn’t ready for a full confrontation, not yet. Cassy had already shown that she was strong, but strangely, Zach did not. He needed a lot more information before he did anything drastic, and this infuriating human had information.
“We’re still getting them together, right? How much longer?” she asked with an urgency that annoyed Xander.
“Soon, Maggie. Very soon,” he comforted. “We want it to last, don’t we? A one night stand will drive them apart. Trust me on this.”
“Ok. I’ll let you know the minute I find out something.” She looked at him and tipped her head. “Don’t you have a cell phone or something? I could just call you.”
“No. Maggie. I don’t like phones. The people after Zach and your sister would listen in,” he said, his voice almost giving away the annoyance he felt.
“Ok,” she replied cheerfully. “That makes sense. I’ll be back.” She headed out the door, almost skipping. After the door shut, Xander let his real emotions show. He grabbed the arms of his chair and his claws buried in deeply. He was counting the days until he could silence that annoying human.
As he was about to pull the arms of the chair off, he tipped his head toward the door and looked at it curiously. His curiosity then turned to annoyance once more as Angela appeared in front of the door.
Angela wore a full body, black leather suit with various zippers. This didn’t surprise Xander. She had a particular taste in clothing. The only redeeming thing about seeing Angela was that she had listened. Her brunette hair was a bright shade of red.
Angela strutted in her four-inch heels to a chair across from Xander then sat.
“I would like to start with an apology,” she said, trying to speak calmly. Despite her best efforts, her nervousness was evident.
“Before we get to your screw up, shall we talk about the door?” Xander replied. His false calmness hid contempt and anger. He hid his emotions better than Angela did, but she had known him a very long time. She had a pretty good idea of how this would go.
“What about the door?” she asked. Her thoughts were consumed by her failure. She had no idea what Xander was talking about.
“Why don’t you just run to the front desk and announce that supernatural beings are staying in the penthouse?” Xander asked. “Next time try knocking. Hell, you have a key card.” He looked over her outfit then laughed. “Surely some of those pockets are real.”
“I’m sorry, sire. I’m not used to…” she motioned around the room. “This.”
“The human world can be daunting, tedious and very…what’s the word I’m looking for?” he asked rhetorically, but she answered anyway.
“Annoying?” she supplied.
“Yes, annoying,” he agreed.
“Sire, I’m very sorry…” she started, but Xander shot up and was standing in front of her before she could finish.
“Next time I tell you to do something…YOU WILL LISTEN!” he shouted. “You won’t wait until it’s convenient. Immediately means immediately!”
Angela stood, bowed her head then spoke.
“I didn’t hit her. And I only got him in the arm,” she explained, still looking at the floor. “I really didn’t mean to, but I wanted it to look realistic.”
Xander placed his finger under her chin and forced her gaze to meet his.
“That is the one thing you did right. The only thing that saved this debacle. I had to change up my plan once again, but it did provide me with an opportunity.” In Xander’s other hand, he held a small vial between his index finger and thumb. It was two inches long and half an inch around. The thick, brownish red liquid inside barely moved as he tilted the vial.
“Is that…?” she started.
“His blood? Yes,” Xander replied, and his anger faded. Xander turned and walked away from her but continued to speak. “The next time I tell you to do something immediately I expect it to be done before Cassy and Zach get involved. Are we clear?”
“Yes, sire,” she replied and bowed her head once more.
“Not only did you let Shawn kill the sea witch’s father. You were supposed to kill Shawn before he could do any more damage, not let him kidnap the yapping human. I gave you specific orders. Orders to make your screw up disappear. What exactly were you doing?” He let his question hang and continued on. “You are just lucky you’re you,” Xander said, and a smile spread while he turned to face her. Angela looked up, and a smile started on her face as well. “If anyone else had pulled a stunt like that, no matter the outcome. I would have been cleaning them off the walls of this room.”
“Again. I’m sorry, sire. It will never happen again,” she replied as she bowed her head, and her smile vanished. “And I was trying to find out who sent Shawn to kill Connor Mousman…like you asked.”
“Do you realize what Shawn could have started? We don’t actually want them to know about their powers. You get that right?” he asked but didn’t wait for an answer. “Zach just found out that he is something marvelous. Cassy has known about it since she was a child. She may not have a grasp on what she can do, but she has lived with this a long time.” He paced, trying to figure out a way to explain it so that Angela would not misunderstand.
Angela had a way of failing at a sure thing. He wasn’t even sure why he had chosen her. Then he thought about it and knew why. She was one of his favorites. She wasn’t that bright and not the most loyal but, honestly, she was very attractive. The human world was full of temptations. Perhaps he should have chosen a more dedicated soldier, but his willpower faltered when Angela was around. His other choices were strong-willed and loyal, but nowhere near as beautiful as she was. Angela had many flaws, but he ignored them because he liked being near her.
Angela took his silence to mean that it was her turn to speak.
“But Connor Mousman was getting too close. Isn’t it a good thing he’s dead?” Angela pleaded.
“I don’t care!” Xander shouted, losing his composure for a second. Then he calmed himself. He needed to explain it to Angela in detail. “He was less of a problem than the water witch learning what she’s capable of. He was less of a problem than Zach being with her. Can’t you see that?” He let out a sigh of disappointment then continued on. “Zach is a baby but Cassy…” he paused, again looking for the right words. “She is a preteen, and someone is trying to force her into adulthood. We can NOT let her figure out what power is hidden inside her. We can’t let either of them figure out their potential. Not until we can separate them.”
“What shall I do now?” she asked, showing fealty.
“Before that, let me spell this out for you. No one. Not you, not someone else, NO ONE is to kill Zach, Cassy or even that annoying human, Maggie. Except for me. Does that make sense? If you see anyone trying to kill them, you will kill that person instead. You will not call for me. You will not wait. You will kill them. Even if you are wrong, it’s better than any of those three dying. Those three will all remain breathing until I specifically say otherwise or you will not. Do you understand me?” Xander asked with a tenuous grasp on his anger.
“Yes, sire,” she replied with shame.
Xander walked up to her and gently caressed a strand of her newly red hair.
“A shade darker I think,” he said.
“Darker? It would almost be maroon,” she stated.
“It needs to look unreal to catch Zach’s attention,” Xander said as his smile turned conniving.
“Zach?” she asked with bewilderment. “But…”
“I said there would be penance,” he crossed around behind her, caressing more of her hair. “Yes, maroon will make sure he notices you.”

Chapter 23
It had been more than a week since their encounter with Xander, and they were still no closer to figuring out what they were. There were just too many possibilities. Too many creatures almost fit, but not quite. It was as if their species hadn’t been discovered, or perhaps, they just didn’t have enough information to know what they were looking for.
Zach walked out of Cassy’s office, nose buried in the book he was currently searching through. Then he bumped into Cassy.
“You’re up,” he stated as he backed away, then realized what she was wearing today.
Cassy had on a plain tan tee shirt that was too large for her but cut off above her waist. Below her waist, she wore grey, skin-tight sweat pants, or yoga pants. He wasn’t really sure he knew the difference. In either case, they left very little to the imagination.
Cassy noticed Zach’s eyes linger before meeting hers and she playfully chewed on her fingernail.
“Something wrong with what I’m wearing?” she asked.
“No, no,” he stuttered as he made his way to his desk, pretending to read his book again. “You look quite…very…umm…you look nice today.”
Cassy frowned then turned around and grabbed two files from the counter. This was going to be harder than she thought, but she wasn’t about to give up. He would notice her eventually. This next case would make sure they had plenty of time together…without Maggie.
“So, boss,” Zach started, trying to change the subject.
“I think you mean partner,” she corrected, trying to keep her cheerful attitude, despite Zach’s indifference. He had looked, but it didn’t appear to faze him. His speech was a little choppy, but that might just be because she had run into him. It wasn’t enough to form a conclusion.
“Right,” he said. “We’re getting nowhere.”
“That’s why I’ve made a decision,” she said, pushing her rejection aside. There would be plenty of time for that. It didn’t need to happen today.
“Oh, really? I thought we were partners,” Zach teased.
“I’m still the senior partner,” she said and sat on the edge of Zach’s desk.
Zach eased back in his chair, making sure to look at her eyes. He couldn’t blatantly stare at his senior partner’s body. She could still change her mind and fire him if she wanted to. In this outfit, looking at her eyes seemed very difficult. His eyes kept wanting to survey the rest of her.
“Fine. What decision have you made? Senior partner,” he teased.
“I think we should continue working cases. You’re right. We’re not getting anywhere. Meanwhile, there are still tons of people who need help. In fact…” she said and once again looked like a game show host showing off a new car. She moved her hand over the file folder and smiled. “We have a case.”
Zach reached for it, and she pulled it away.
“Not so fast. You’ll get it when you’re ready to leave,” she said.
“Leave? Where are we going?” Zach asked.
“Galveston,” she replied with a smirk that told Zach there was more to it, but he played along.
“So we’re going to Texas?” he asked.
“Nope. Iowa,” she replied.
“I’ve never heard of Galveston Iowa before,” he said quickly.
“No one has, and that’s exactly the way they want it.” She hopped off the desk, then headed toward the stairs. “Pack a week’s worth of clothes. There’s a missing little girl, and we’re the only ones who can help.”
“Why not call the FBI?” he asked loudly, and Cassy stopped halfway up the stairs. She turned, and with another one of her cheesy ‘I know everything’ grins, she replied.
“The FBI doesn’t want to find this particular little girl. They might end up as her lunch.” With her vague explanation, she flipped her hair and continued up the stairs.
Zach rolled his eyes and smiled. He was excited, which only enforced his thoughts. This was exactly the job he was born to do.

Chapter 24
Cassy sped down the highway while Zach sat in the passenger seat of her car. She was going eighty, and there were no cars in sight.
“So. When are you going to tell me what she is?” Zach asked. In the backseat there were several suitcases, and one of them was Zach’s. He turned to the backseat then laughed. “And I thought you said a week.”
“I come prepared. Two are clothes. Two are supplies, and two are ‘what ifs’,” she explained.
Zach laughed.
“To answer your question. Open the glove box,” she said, quickly glancing at it to emphasize her statement.
Zach popped open the glove compartment and saw two files. He pulled them both out then opened the first one and laughed loudly.
“Seriously? What is this? Some episodic TV series?” he asked as he read through the file.
“They’re my files I can name them what I want,” she said with a pout.
“I’m just saying, ‘Case of the Docile Dhampir’, really?” Zach laughed again then put the file underneath and looked at their current case then laughed even louder.
“Shut up!” she scolded.
“This one’s even better. ‘The Ghoul from Galveston’. I love it!” he laughed.
Cassy’s fake pouting turned to a devious smile, and she glanced over to Zach.
“Want to see what my baby can do?” she asked, and Zach’s face turned white as Cassy floored it.


If you want to continue Zach and Cassy’s adventure, check out The Ghoul from Galveston, MOUS Investigations book 2. Available now.

If you enjoy my work, please leave me a review. Indie authors, like myself, need reviews to keep doing what we do. I appreciate the feedback and enjoy hearing from my readers, whether it be compliments, suggestions, or criticisms.
Want to know when my new books are coming out? Sign up for my mailing list to receive a head’s up when my books will go live.
I'm looking for a few reviewers.
Interested in receiving free books for an honest review with no commitment? You will receive copies of my new books for free but only review the ones you want to review. If this sounds like something you would be interested in, sign up for my mailing list and enter REVIEW as your name.
You can also check me out on Facebook at https://www.facebook.com/StevenSterupJrAuthor/ or on my website at www.StevenSterupJr.com.

MOUS Investigations Series
Cassy Mousman and Zach Nielson each grew up with their adoptive parents, knowing nothing about each other nor why, as adults, they are inexplicably linked. The murder of Cassy’s father causes her to trick Zach into becoming her unwitting partner in her search to find out what they really are. She knows they are not human, but nothing in her father’s books can explain her unusual abilities nor why countless orphans were deposited on human doorsteps the same day she was.
Perhaps with Zach’s help, she can finally discover what they really are and why everything seems to revolve around the unassuming accountant, Zach. In the meantime, all she can do is help the supernaturals like her father had and piece together the clues to this puzzle.

    
  
Case of the Docile Dhampir Book 1
The Ghoul from Galveston Book 2
Deceptive Dragons and Duplicitous Sisters Book 3
A Wendigo in Wisconsin Book 4
Ogres in Oakland, Oh My! Book 5

The 21st Curse Collection
The 21st Curse is not a standard series, but rather a collection of stories about werewolves and witches.
The lives of witches and werewolves are entwined in an age old curse. The witches need the werewolves to protect them and the werewolves need witches to salvage their sanity.
A book handed down for generations spells out the terms of their contract in a way that none with the curse can deny.
At the twenty-first hour on the twenty-first day of the twenty-first year, a child will become a beast. Such is the legend that is handed down, mother to son and father to daughter. On that fateful day, a choice must be made. One of consequence and importance. For on that day, a child who has transformed must choose between the evil of the curse and the responsibility of protecting their chosen. For no creature is as feared as the werewolf. A creature without conscience nor fear. It will feed on whoever is unlucky enough to cross its path or protect its charge until it ceases to draw breath.


The 21st Curse Book 1



Asuune Series
Angels and vampires are real. In the world of the Asuune, half angel and half human, there is a secret war that has been going on for as long as man has walked the earth. Unbeknownst to Kathrine, her father is one of the war's soldiers, but what is even more surprising is that she is the war's only hope. Follow the life of Kathrine Albet and her father, Mark, as they fight the evil of fallen angels and vampires to save humanity. It would all be much easier if each Asuune didn't have one true love they couldn't ignore. Fighting the forces of evil may be hard, but resisting your true love is all but impossible.

  
Curse of the Asuune Book 1
Deception of the Asuune Book 2 (Conclusion)


Demonic Temptations
Samantha Lujuria is a therapist who specializes in disorders she calls Demonic Temptations. The desires that everyone harbors that are so distasteful or embarrassing that we can't even admit them to ourselves. Follow her as she tries to use her expertise to help half-demon offspring. Because for a demon, love is the biggest taboo of them all.
Set in the world of the Asuune several years after the events of Deception of the Asuune. Join Samantha as she gets help from many of your favorite characters from the Asuune series in her quest to keep half-demon offspring from destroying their lives as well as the people around them.


Demonic Temptations - Incubus Tormented Book 1

Lascaria Series
In the world of Lascaria, the evil king Lascar rules his kingdom through fear and intimidation. His magic is without equal. The worst part is that he grows stronger every year. No one can stand up to a man that is over 1,000 years old until his grandson Dhrel is born. Explore the world of Lascaria alongside Dhrel as he works to become the man everyone thinks he is.

    
  

Lascaria - Evil Reborn Book 1
Lascaria – Sins of the Ancestors Book 2
Lascaria – The Prisoner Queen Book 3
Lascaria – The Legend of Lascar Book 4
Lascaria – The Shadow King Book 5 (Conclusion)

Morven’s Legacy
Evil demons are trying to make their way into the world, and only the descendants of Morven have a chance at stopping them.
Christopher Morven is over three hundred years old and tired of fighting to keep the demons at bay. The magic that kept him alive has taken its toll, but finally, after all these years, he sees hope in his two granddaughters. They aren't ready, but they are very powerful. If anyone can bring this to an end, it will be them. They can succeed where he has failed, but they will need help.

  
The Fire Maiden’s Desire
To Seduce a Sorceress

Raven
Fawn, although most people know her by her code name Raven, is one of the best assassins in the world. When she takes on a very lucrative job to kidnap, then kill the prince, she realizes that the bumbling fool isn’t the cruel womanizer she’s been led to believe. She thought assassins were deceptive, nobles and Royals are worse. Can she find her way through this web of lies before it is too late? Despite his roguish charm and possible innocence, she has a job to do, and Raven always kills her mark.

  

Raven’s Embrace Book 1
Raven’s Gamble Book 2 (Conclusion)

The Order of Human Purity
The books in this category are not intended as a series. They are grouped together because they all happen within the same universe where The Order of Human Purity (known simply as 'The Order') is trying to rid the world of monsters.
They are written with the intention of making them similar but completely separate stories. There are no cliffhangers or continuations. The only things these books have in common are the world they take place in, The Order and the mischievous, immortal wraith Miraven who is neither good nor evil. She is simply bored of her immortal life and to spice things up she likes to toy with the lives of others, or so she would have everyone believe.

  
Kiss of the Lamia Book 1
Werewolf Bane Book 2


The Alpha Predator

When Adam Lance witnesses the attempted murder of a man, he becomes the only known witness to a serial killer who has gone unchecked for nearly five years. Special Detective Cheryl Torren soon realizes that Adam might be the one person who can help her catch the killer. With Adam's help, Cheryl finds out that the person they are hunting isn't a serial killer after all. The killer is a vigilante who only targets predators and soon gains the nickname 'The Alpha Predator'. Despite Adam's reluctance to catch this killer, it's still their job, and with his help, Cheryl might finally put an end to the killing spree, that is, if the killer doesn't find them first.


Auctor – Vengeful Intent

Disclaimer: This book contains a considerable amount of violence and dark emotions.
When Kaya Nichols' step-sister turns up dead, the apparent victim of a mugging, Kaya leaves behind her job as a foreign journalist to find out what really happened to her step-sister. At least that is the job everyone thinks she has. In reality, she is a fixer for a variety of powerful European mobs.
The men who killed her step-sister, Trish, think they've handled the problem until Kaya arrives back in the United States for her sister's funeral. Kaya isn't willing to let a single man responsible for her step-sister's death escape justice, even if it kills her in the process. She is a woman who has lost everything, so nothing matters other than revenge.
Explore the nightmare that has become Kaya's life as she tries to work through her anger and grief. And, as if, Trish's death wasn't enough. The man who ruined her life, her step-sister's husband, is a constant reminder of what she has lost and the secret she dares not tell anyone.


Immortal Consequences

When Kal Johnson, an immortal gargoyle, is attacked by an ancient vampire and framed for the murder of a human, his quiet life is thrown into chaos. But the universe, with its perverse sense of humor, has decided that now would be the perfect time for the punch line. Kal’s human wife, Brianna, has done the impossible. She is the first human in history to become pregnant with a gargoyle’s child.
This vampire is stronger and more cunning than any he has fought. The wife he adores and the child he never hoped for, give Kal something he has never had before, a weakness. Can Kal stop this ancient vampire before it takes everyone he loves? Taking his wife and child might accomplish what no vampire has ever been able to do. It might be enough to defeat the immortal Kal.



