Castine

Child’s Play
Part 1 
Heather Welch

2016, Copywright Heather Welch
All Rights Reserved, Smashwords Edition.
 
To my daughters and my sister for all of their love, support, and patience.





  
This ebook is licensed for your personal enjoyment only.  This ebook may not be re-sold or given away to other people.  If you would like to share this book with another person, please purchase an additional copy for each recipient.  If you’re reading this book and did not purchase it, or it was not purchased for your use only, then please return to your favorite ebook retailer and purchase your own copy.  Thank you for respecting the hard work of this author




Contents

Preface
Chapter 1:  No Going Back
Chapter 2:  Castine
Chapter 3:  Just Child’s Play
Chapter 4:  Unexpected Surprise
Chapter 5:  Soran Canyon
Chapter 6:  Serenity
Chapter 7:  What’s a Fabrentiser?
Preview: Reflection
Chapter 8: A Night to Remember 
Dear Reader
Author’s Page
Connect With Heather Welch



 

Preface

Not many people can pinpoint what they were doing when the wheels of their destiny went full throttle.  Well, I can.  Right down to the exact second my life changed forever.  Knowing what I know now, I often wonder if I were granted a “do-over,” would I walk out of my life again?  Would I make even the slightest change?  I always come up with the same answer.  No, I wouldn't change a thing.  I have no regrets for the solitary existence I've come to accept.  Trading my inexplicable but fleeting happiness for those I love?  I can't think of a greater gift to give.  Besides, my most treasured memories are locked in the deepest chamber of my heart.  As I sit here in the dark hugging my knees and staring through the window at the sliver of the crescent moon, I’m doing what I do every night.  Rehashing and dissecting every action leading up to this precise moment, and have to believe.  There's always hope. 
 


Chapter 1 
No Going Back

“What gives?”  Meg loudly dropped her lunch tray on the table and plunked down across from me and flung her backpack to the floor.  She ignored my invisible walls and gave me her cold stare.  I almost smiled.  It was the exact same face she started using on me back in the fifth grade where we cemented our friendship. 
“I don't know what you're talking about,” I shrugged and continued to poke at my salad.
“Yeah, whatever.  You've been acting stranger than usual all week, and I'm over it.  What happened to all that talk?  ‘No more blending into the landscape.  It's time to get out there and start living my life.’”
I could always count on Meg to give me a reality check.  She had a talent for using my words against me.  
“I've been a little on edge.  No big deal.”
“You know what you need to do.  Stop avoiding him, and get it over with.” Meg eyed me cautiously as she wolfed down a juicy cheeseburger.
I admit, my brother being accepted to my school did sort of derail my plans for the perfect senior year.  I didn’t figure him as the Rosemont type.  He’d dominated the hundred meter dash, breaking the high school record.  It was beyond me how he wound up choosing this school.  We weren’t exactly known for our track and field champions.
Still things were working out.  We don't exactly run in the same circles.  So far our contact has been limited to the occasional nod or friendly wave across campus.   
“Ray and I have our fair share of history, but I got that under control.”  I waved my fork and finally answered Meg’s question.  “I’m fine, really.”
Meg got up shoving her last bite into her mouth and tossed her trash.  She casually looked back at me over her shoulder.  “You keep telling yourself that.  The sooner you talk to Ray, the sooner I get my friend back.”
I knew Meg was at least half right. My next class was within walking distance giving me time to think.  Rosemont was an old and quaint campus with most of its buildings closely situated and made of granite and cobblestone.  Over the years more modern buildings were established on the outskirts separated by a few wooded acres so as not to break up the ambiance.
Before heading into my next class, I ran over the unavoidable conversation once more in my head.  Ray was a guy of few words.  Any way I looked at it, it would be me doing most of the talking.  Ugh!
After last period, I caught sight of Ray across the courtyard.  He'd just finished talking with a group of guys.  With Meg's “pep talk” fresh on my mind, it was now or never.
“Ray, wait up!” I yelled as I ran to catch up to him.
He spun around looking genuinely surprised to see me but offered no reply.  We walked along in strained silence; the only sound between us being our synchronized rhythm.  I was wrestling with a flight instinct inside me clenching my fists to keep me grounded.  Half of me thought this was a mistake.  The other half knew this talk was long overdue.
“Is there something you wanted?”  Ray stared straight ahead.
I stopped abruptly and took a deep breath. “I'm sorry I wasn't there on your first day.”
“No big deal,” Ray shrugged. “It's just not the way we are.”
“I also want you to know, I went to most of your high school track meets.”  I was cringing inside.  This conversation sounded so forced.
“Yeah, I saw you.”
“You're real good.  I have to ask.  Why here?  I mean.  Is there something I’m missing?”
“Nope.  Everything’s pretty much the same as when you left.  Anonymous, full paid scholarship.  Couldn’t turn it down.”
“This is a great school.  But I know the adjustment you’ve been going through being away from home.”
“Leaving was the hardest thing I’ve ever done.  Well, you know.”
I nodded my head in agreement.
“Rose,” We both said in unison.  
Silence claimed us as we began walking again.  Neither of us was willing to open that door. I needed to find a mutual topic of conversation and fast.  The air was growing heavier than the textbooks I was carrying.  We weren’t going to survive the next five minutes let alone an entire school year together.
“I wonder what Lynn and Maddie are up to? Hard to imagine Maddie in high school.  Have you talked to either one of them, lately?” I asked desperate to evoke a conversation.
Ray stopped and leaned one foot up on the fountain next to him.  He surveyed the landscape with absolutely no expression on his face, as if he hadn't heard me at all.  Students were passing by hugging their books or texting on their cell phones.  Across the way, I thought I saw a girl watching us.  It was the same girl I’d thought I caught a glimpse of a couple of other times this week.  My mind had to be playing tricks on me.  If I didn’t know better, I may have thought she was…  I shook my head to clear the ridiculous thoughts.  When I looked back up, I couldn’t find her anywhere.  My attention turned back to my brother as he began to speak.
“There's a blast from the past.  What brought them up?” he answered still staring into space.
“I've been having these reoccurring dreams about the four of us.  Not even dreams really, more like flashbacks of when we were little.  I've also been seeing things that can't possibly be there.  Crazy, I know.  Do you remember the stories Nana would tell and that game we would play?”
Ray was actually smiling at the memory.  
“I feel like I need to call them.”
“Let me get this straight.  You feel the need to call two people we’ve lost touch with because you're seeing things and having dreams?”
When he put it that way, it sounded ridiculous.  Ray walked me to my dorm without much more conversation.  
Further despair washed over me as I surveyed my room.  I'd already broken the promise I'd made to myself.  We weren't even to mid-terms and dirty clothes were scattered all around.  Clean clothes I'd tried on and discarded hung over the end of my bed.  A couple of unpacked boxes were still waiting to claim the dresser as their new home with jewelry and make-up were exploding across the top.   
In no mood for homework, I cranked up the music and started cleaning with a frenzy.  Some people eat when they get stressed?  I clean.  It's pretty much the only time I clean.  It clears my head and gives me perspective.  
Passing by the mirror, I flinched at my reflection.  It’s my standard knee-jerk reaction.   If it wasn't bad enough to have been cursed with flaming red hair for people to gawk at, God saw fit to confirm I was a freak.  My eyes change from blue to green depending on my mood.  The best way to help control this nonconformity is with the right color clothes and eye make-up.  It isn't as bad now that I'm older, but my best defense is still to avoid eye contact.
Oh well, at least for one night I wouldn't worry about how I looked.  I was emotionally exhausted.  Suddenly a peaceful night's sleep was the only thing I wanted, and I eagerly crawled into bed.
Unfortunately, it wasn't going to happen.  Just as I was drifting off, a distinctive sound from my past was a final confirmation of my delusion.  I stumbled across the moonlit room searching for my unicorn bell, a treasured possession since childhood.  I was sure I'd heard it ringing.
“Now I'm hearing things, too?” I whispered aloud as I held the crimson unicorn close.
“You are not imagining it,” a soft female voice from behind me filled the room.  
Whirling around, I almost dropped the bell.  “Okay, now I know I'm dreaming.  You can't be real.”
“I am as real as you are, Alison.” 
“How do you know my name?” I asked in utter amazement.  This was just too much. I was going to the school’s psychologist in the morning for a full evaluation.  The hallucination I'd been seeing around campus was now talking to me.  To make matters worse, I was talking back!
“I've known you since you were little.  Just as you have known me.  We share a connection.  If you allow yourself to feel, you will know what I say is the truth.”
“I have no idea what you just said.  All I know is that, for lack of a better description my imaginary friend is standing here talking to me.” 
My hands were beginning to hurt from the death grip I had around my bell.  It always amazed me how indestructible it was.  In the back of my mind, I could see myself being sedated for experimental testing.  How could the girl I pretended to be so often in my childhood fantasies be standing in front of me?  Her shiny chestnut hair, dark skin and emerald eyes were everything I’d always imagined them to be.  If I believed in gods, I would've thought she was one of them.  I felt inferior in her presence.   
“Alison, I assure you everything will make sense.  Give me a chance to explain.  I came because I need your help again.  Castine needs your help.  The way you and I used to do things is no longer available to us.  I am asking you to come with me.”
She definitely wasn’t making any sense.  Before I could answer, I heard it again, but it couldn't be.  My own bell was still in my hand, and the clapper had long since disappeared.  For years, I longed to hear its heavenly sound.  
“It is ringing,” she answered my unasked question.  
From behind her back, the girl showed me an exact duplicate of my bell.  I'd never seen it’s equal.  The crimson unicorn head, silvery white mane and razor sharp horn were an exact duplicate of my own.
“Only those it calls for can hear it.  As I said before, I need your help.  Will you answer the call?”
The girl opened the door of my dorm room with just a wave of her hand.  As I peeked in, it wasn't the hallway looking back.  It was lush and green.  A waterfall was cascading down into a river.  Flowers and apple trees were blooming and their sweet perfume filled my room.
“Castine,” I closed my eyes as warm, golden sunshine hit my face.
Without waiting for confirmation, I stepped through the doorway as if on auto pilot. My foot hit the grass on the other side and I opened my eyes to find myself in clothes similar to the other girl.  It was like nothing I'd ever felt before.  I ran my fingers over a weightless ivory peasant top and crimson velvet cape.  The black leggings were like wearing nothing at all and the black knee-high boots were formed perfectly to my feet.
“So I'm guessing you're Marbelina?” I turned around.
“Marbellia of Castine, but you were close enough,” she answered matter of factly.
“How can this be?  This was all just a game I played based on some stories my Nana told when I was little,” I pointed to my surroundings.  
We were at the mouth of a canyon along a slow moving river bank with a beautiful waterfall cascading down.  In front of me were apple blossoms as far as the eye could see.
“Tell me about the game.  When you rang your bell, what would happen?” she asked in all seriousness as we began to walk.
I was lost in an influx of memories and my cheeks flushed with embarrassment to talk about it.  “When I rang this bell, help would arrive.  Ray, Lynn and Maddie, would rush to my side, and we'd battle evil.  Ray is my brother, and Lynn and Maddie were just like family, cousins you could say.  We were inseparable as kids.”
Marbellia smiled.  “Ring your bell now, and see what happens.”
“I can't.  The clapper's...” my voice trailed off as I turned the bell over.  The ivory clapper had returned.  
“But how?” I asked with astonishment.  “I still remember so clearly the day I lost it.  It was the last day of summer vacation, and we were all playing in Nana’s backyard.  We searched until dark, but it was hopeless.  I cried relentlessly, but Nana just patted my shoulder and told me that everything was as it should be.”
Marbellia just gave a small nod.  A devilish smile crept across my face.  Ringing the bell, I looked back across the way we'd just come, but nothing changed, nothing happened.  My smile faded away as I scanned the perimeter one more time with a sense of disappointment. 
“It was just a silly game,” I mumbled more to myself than anyone else.  
Following Marbellia's gaze, I looked back the way we came and noticed three figures slowly emerging through the trees.  They were dressed as we were.  The dark-haired guy looked unsure of himself.  He was with two girls, both blonde.  One girl was taller and a little stockier, while the other was more petite.  
“Ray! Lynn! Maddie!” I called as I ran to meet them.
 


Chapter 2
 Castine
	 
“Ray, I like the new look,” I teased.  I couldn't help myself.  Ordinarily, he wouldn't have been caught dead in anything other than jeans and a T-shirt.  “How Robin Hood of you.”
“Speak for yourself, sister,” he smirked.  “Where the hell are we?”
I ignored him for the moment and turned to hug the two best friends a girl could’ve ever grown up with.  My excitement could barely be contained.  “Lynn, Maddie, we were just talking about you guys.  How weird is that???” 
“Al, you don't expect us to believe -” Ray began.
“C'mon, I have someone I want you guys to meet,” I interrupted him and grabbed each girl by the hand.   I thought it'd be better if they heard it first-hand.
“Guys, I'd like to introduce you to -”
“Marbelina,” Ray interrupted this time his eyes had grown huge.
“It's Marbellia, actually,” I corrected him.  “But how did you know that?”
“Cuz she's exactly like the picture in my head,” Ray answered in a monotone voice his eyes fixated on Marbellia.
“What picture in your head?” I asked for clarification.  “Don't you mean she's exactly like you imagined her?”
“Nope.  Back when we began our little game, you described what Marbelina, uh, Marbellia should look like.  She’s exactly what popped into my mind.”  Ray pointed towards Marbellia as he shifted his attention towards me.  
“Same goes for me.”  Lynn raised her hand.  
Everyone turned towards Maddie, who scanned each one of us before throwing up both hands and taking several steps back.  “Don't look at me.  I barely remember any of this.” 
“How can this be?” I looked to Marbellia for answers.
“Interesting,” Was her only response as she started to walk again.  The rest of us exchanged unspoken signals of confusion in the form of raised eyebrows and lots of shoulder shrugging and followed behind her.
“So is this the help you used to call for in your game?” Marbellia changed the subject.
I tried to sound serious, but couldn't achieve my goal.  Hearing myself relive a childhood game that I'd all but forgotten up until a few days ago was humiliating.  “Yes.  I apologize. Let me introduce my brother, Ray Lockwood and Lynn and Maddie Tellier, who are my closest, childhood friends.”  
“What help?” Ray asked in disbelief.  
“But that was just a child's game,” I insisted, ignoring my brother.  “We made it up one summer.  Like kids do when they're bored.  You can't tell me this is real. ”
“A game in your world, perhaps.  Why do you still doubt the validity of what you see with your own eyes?” Marbellia motioned with her hand in a wide arc left to right showcasing the orchard around us to prove her point.  I drew in a deep breath and filled my lungs with the sweet smell of the apple blossoms.
Lynn was just beginning to put the pieces together for herself.  “I always thought Marbelina was just a name we gave Alison when we were little.  She was our queen, and the rest of us ran around Nana's backyard, protecting her from imaginary monsters.”  
“How can this be?” asked Maddie still thoroughly confused.  “A minute ago, I was snuggled up in my own bed.  Now I've been whisked away to a place I never knew existed.”  
“Let me explain as we walk,” Marbellia motioned us forward. “The orchard is not as safe a place as it used to be.”  
Our pace quickened as she began speaking again.  “Back when you were small, you helped me keep our world safe from our enemies, Lugwarts being the most persistent.”
“It looks like you've managed pretty well.  I still don't see what any of this has to do with us.”  I would've been more embarrassed by my lack of manners if I wasn't growing so frustrated.
Marbellia continued. “When you played your games and used your special powers, mine stayed strong.”
“What special powers?  This doesn't make any sense,” I continued.  All of a sudden, my head was pounding.  “Marbelina was a made-up game we invented.  It held no significant purpose.”
“We loved that game,” Lynn laughed.  “It was our favorite for the longest time.  We resurrected it any time we got together.  Whether it was for the day, a weekend, a week, it didn't matter.”
“Please, stop!” Ray grumbled.  “I'm sure I played that game longer than was natural for any young boy.  I blame it on the fact that I was surrounded by girls.”
Before anymore humiliations of our childhood could be shared with a complete stranger, Maddie thankfully changed the subject.
“Wow!  What a beautiful town,” she gushed as the apple trees finally cleared to reveal a quaint little village.  
“Thank you,” said Marbellia.  “Welcome to -”
“Castine,” Ray interrupted.   “It's also just like Alison described.”
“Yup, right down to the ivory stone streets,” Lynn piped up.
Marbellia only smiled.  “I see.”  
Now I was really beginning to wonder what was going on.  It did look a lot like the village from my imagination.  But that was how I imagined it from Nana’s stories.  It was a little medieval like but clean.  Ivory stone streets and cobblestone houses with heavy oak doors.  The smell of breads and soups wafting down the streets. Before I could get Marbellia to elaborate, Ray was speaking again.  He sure had a lot to say for a guy who hates talking to people.
 “You mentioned Lugwarts earlier, what are they?” 
“They live in Kwamach, which is outside our borders.  It's a hard day's ride south of here.  They are a vile looking creature, who have not given us much of a problem as of late.  Once we stumbled across their weakness, they have maintained their distance.”
“And their weakness is?” I asked trying to exert a little more patience.
“Apples, of course.  Lugwarts may walk on two legs and resemble the shape of a man, but that is where the similarities end.  They are coated with a slimy substance, and our weapons were not having much of an effect on them.  If our blades cut them, they would just reform around the slice.  Discovering that the juice of an apple will melt their flesh has forced them to keep their distance.”
As we rounded the last bend, the road curved its way up the hill and towards the tallest iron gates and massive stone wall that ran as far as I could see in either direction. They protected a beautiful ivory castle that lay further up on the crest of the hill.  I may have been as awestruck as the rest of them if my mind wasn’t still stuck on the vivid description of slimy creatures whose flesh was sizzling off, and I felt like I was going to hurl.
“Alison, is everything all right?” Marbellia grabbed her stomach.
“Sure, everything's fine,” I answered, quickly trying to compose myself.
We continued our walk up to the gates.  It surprised me a little to see that it didn’t appear to be heavily guarded.  I was about to ask Marbellia about this when she motioned with her hand and the gates opened.  Coming up to the palace doors, she did the same thing.  Two servants bowed to her as we entered.  
We filed onto a large checker board of black and white marble.  To the left and right, double doors were gilded with gold, and a grand staircase was displayed straight ahead.  Suspended above us, was an enormous teardrop candle chandelier.  Hundreds of crystals cascaded a rainbow of refracted light all around the foyer.  I shuddered to think of the weight being suspended right above our heads. 
As I looked back down, my gaze was met by the most handsome boy?  Uh, man?  I had ever seen.  I often imagined what Hercules might have looked like if he were real.  Imagine no more.  He was standing less than ten feet away from me.  
His angled features were flawless with the most gorgeous Caribbean blue eyes I'd ever seen.  His perfectly golden skin only accentuated his eyes.  Thick golden hair was neatly tied back, and he was over six feet.    
When I realized how long I'd been staring, I felt such heat in my cheeks that I was sure they matched my hair color.  As I tried to become invisible behind my brother, I accidentally bumped into him.  Naturally, Ray snapped at me only the way a brother can, which further added to my humiliation.  I believe I caught the hint of a smile on the stranger's, all-too-gorgeous face before finally slinking into my hiding spot.
Phaelan, as Marbellia introduced him, was her top advisor and protector if need be.  Anyone could see from the way she spoke that she had the utmost respect and admiration for him.
I regained my composure and peeked from behind my brother to survey Phaelan from a safer location.  I heard nothing of Marbellia's layout of the palace as I was fixated on the object of my sudden obsession.  He looked to be no older than myself.  However, his presence commanded respect without speaking a word.  Maybe it was just the medieval uniform.    
Now fixated on his crimson tunic, I could see the outline of his muscular shape.  My mind started fantasizing about how he'd look without it on.  The instant flame in my cheeks jolted me back to reality.  Quickly, I pulled back behind Ray.  What was wrong with me!  I wouldn't give guys the time of day back home.  To undress anyone with my eyes was a first.  I blamed it on this strange new land and felt better.  
Casually, I looked around the room like everyone else.  This time when I glanced at Phaelan, his face was stoic; however, his Caribbean eyes were smiling.  A warm feeling burned inside me, and I slinked to safety behind Ray who seemed oblivious to the fact that I was using him as my shield.
“I'll show you to your rooms.”  I heard Phaelan say.  My knees almost buckled at the sound of his deep, velvety voice.   
Glancing around, I noticed Marbellia was gone.  There must've been a surprised look on my face because Ray rolled his eyes.  Maybe he was paying more attention to my childish antics than I thought.
We followed Phaelan up the staircase and down a long hallway.  My head was spinning, and I couldn't quite figure out why.  Was it from the grandeur of our surroundings, or was it from this exquisite god who was leading us?  
This was new territory for me on so many levels.  My natural distrust in the male species had never allowed me to feel this way before.  Yet Phaelan was different.  From the moment our eyes met, I was inexplicably drawn to him.  I was content to follow for as long as he wanted me to.  
“Where is this guy taking us?” Ray hissed in my ear.
“Shhh.”  I sharply jabbed his ribs for breaking into my fantasy.
A few more paces down and Phaelan stopped. “Lynn, Maddie,” he motioned.  
Both girls giggled.  Their eyes were huge with excitement.
“Ray,” Phaelan motioned again at the next door.  
He was very formal as he gave me a slight bend and continued further down.  I looked back to see that Lynn and Maddie still hadn't gone into their room, and Ray was also motionless.  It was as if they were all awaiting further instructions.  It took all I had to hold in a nervous giggle.
“I will see that lunch is set up for all of you in the garden,” Phaelan turned and called back to them.
As it turned out, I had a corner room on the opposite side of the hall.  Just being in the close confines of the corner was exhilarating.  My body felt so warm, and I had goose bumps at the same time.  I didn't quite understand it.  No guy had ever made me feel this way.  So how is it that I could feel this way about someone that I'd only known for a few minutes?
“I hope this room will be to your liking,” he said opening the door.  
As he backed away, the slightest breeze passed between us.  I caught a whiff of something clean and fresh and like the outdoors.  Not only was he the most gorgeous guy I had ever seen, but he smelled absolutely fabulous, too!  My feet were still cemented to their spot, and Phaelan gave half a grin leading the way into the room.
“If you need anything, give this a pull and your chambermaid will be right with you,” he pointed to a long golden cord just to the right of the door.  “There is one just like it in your bedchamber.”
“Wow!” I gasped as I entered the room.
“Is something wrong?” Phaelan asked.
“It's perfect.”   
Instinctively, I bent over to smell the fresh cut flowers displayed in a crystal vase on the round mahogany table.  I didn't recognize some of them, but they smelled delicious.  Walking through the French doors on the left revealed a sofa, two chairs and coffee table.  All three pieces were similar to the Queen Ann style furniture that you'd see on one of those Rich and Famous TV shows but even more luxurious.  
As I turned toward Phaelan, he extended his hand but said not a word.  I hesitated for a moment, captivated by his Caribbean eyes.  They were unlike any color I’d ever seen before. For a second, there was a flicker in them as if he had a secret he wanted to tell.  I smiled shyly and took his hand as he led me through the sitting room.
“Come, allow me to show you the rest.” 
The bedroom was straight out of a fairytale.  Before I realized what I had done, I ran over and threw myself onto the bed. 
Phaelan laughed.  “I will leave you to settle in.”  
He grabbed the doors.
“Don't go!” I blurted out without even thinking. 
My cheeks were instantly inflamed and my heart was beating so loud I was sure he could hear it.  I quickly tried to save whatever dignity I had left.  
“I mean, don't feel like I'm tossing you out.  You're perfectly welcome to stay, if you like.”
“I understand.”  Phaelan flashed me a smile, almost as gorgeous as his eyes.  “But I need to be getting back.  You have had a long day already.  Although it is only the middle of the day, your body still believes it is the middle of the night.  You need some time to adjust to the changes.” 
“About that,” I said as I swung my legs over the side of the bed.  “How does time work here?  When I get back home, will it still be the same time as when I left, or will people notice I've been gone?”
“Marbellia will answer your questions all in good time,” Phaelan bowed. 
He was all business again, and I realized that I'd overstepped.  I was in a strange new world, and I wasn't sure what the rules were.
“Take your time, and get some rest.  Lunch will be ready when you are,” Phaelan smiled and closed the doors.
I let out a sigh and lay on the bed.  This room was every girl's fantasy.  The palest shades of pink encompassed everything.  The molding was shining in gold leaf yet not overdone.  Beautiful tapestries hung on the walls, and the softest silks enveloped the most comfortable bed.  There was an ornate writing desk in the corner and a fainting couch near the balcony.  If only my friends could see me now!  




Chapter 3
Just Child's Play

Phaelan was right.  I did need some rest, and I looked so peaceful sleeping on such a luxurious bed.  There was no sign of the stress and worry I carried with me every day.  It was as if the past few years had never happened, but the time for rest was over.  I needed answers.  Yet before I could nudge myself awake, I was lured by the sounds of children playing.
I turned the handle of my bedroom door to find myself in Nana's backyard.  There I was in Nana's fluffy, yellow bathrobe wearing a crown of tin foil and pipe cleaners.  Standing on top of the picnic table, I was shouting out orders in all my eight-year old glory.  Ray and Lynn were running around below me.  They were sword fighting the air with sticks.  With the over dramatization, I was clearly using my “super powers” in an effort to help them beat the bad guys.  
Little Maddie was stomping her feet and clapping her hands.  Evidently, she was highly entertained by what we were doing.  I had to admit, at the moment, so was I.  
As I began to wander around the yard, nostalgia overtook me.  Everything about the old house was exactly as I remembered it.  I smiled noticing the broken picnic bench and remembering Ray's face the day he broke it.  He'd slid through one too many times, pretending the picnic table was the General Lee, and he was Bo Duke.  He was really into The Dukes of Hazard reruns back then.
The branch maple tree had been gouged from the years of abuse it endured with our tire swing.  When the rope finally snapped, Nana had it relocated to the oak tree for better support.  
The shell of the old sand box sat abandoned in the corner of the yard.  Poor planning on Nana's part.  She thought we'd like a square full of white sand more than digging in the rich, black dirt.  Unfortunately, she was wrong, but the neighborhood cats were truly appreciative.
As I continued my stroll, it started to rain.  I heard Ray and Lynn calling out my real name and my made up one.
“Alison!  Marbelina!  Where are you?”  
I looked around for my younger self and started to panic.  Then I caught sight of myself searching the outskirts of the yard and paying no attention to their pleas.  
“What are you looking for?” I shouted knowing full well that my words couldn't be heard.  
I was becoming more and more manic, frantically searching among the bushes and around each tree.  My little face was full of fear.  The others grabbed Maddie and headed into the house.  
“Are you okay?”  I heard Ray’s deeper voice calling from somewhere up above.   The house and yard began to fade and my younger self was getting further and further away from me.  I tried to hang on; I didn’t want to leave not just yet.  But I was being forced back the way I came.
When my eyes adjusted, it took a minute to get my bearings.  I had to smile at the three familiar, yet slightly worried faces hovering over me.
“It's been a while.  Thought we'd come check on you, maybe grab some lunch.  And hopefully some answers,” Lynn softly explained.
“I had one of those dreams again, only this time it was so much more intense.  Not only was I dreaming about when we played Marbelina as kids, but I was back there watching us play Marbelina as kids.  It all seemed so real.  I still think these dreams are trying to tell me something.”
“How do you mean?” Lynn asked sitting on the side of the bed.
“I was searching for something,” I explained.  “What do you think we might have lost back then?”  
“Before we met up with Ray, Maddie and I were talking,” replied Lynn.
“Yeah, I told Lynn, I don't think I'll be much help,” Maddie interjected. “I was too little when you guys first began that game.  Of course, I remember playing but not till I was older.” 
“You know what's funny?” I reminisced, hugging my knees.  “Here it is more than a decade later, and I can still remember the day we started playing the game like it was yesterday.  It was Saturday morning.  Ray was all jazzed up running around with a towel around his neck.  He was pretending to be Batman.  Somehow we all got in on the deal, and I grabbed Nana's yellow bathrobe.  I remember Lynn saying I looked like a queen in that thing.  The game just took on a life of its own from there, growing bigger as we got older.”  
“That sounds about right,” Lynn laughed glancing at Ray.  “I only remember the general gist of it, but no particular details that would have anything to do with a place like this.  Don't worry, I'm sure it'll come back to you.”
I jumped to my feet. “Exactly.  It was just a stupid game. How did our little game supposedly keep this world safe? And what's happened to change all of that?”
“Calm down, Al,” Ray said softly.  “I'm sure Marbellia can shed some light.  Now get cleaned up, and we'll grab lunch.”  
Some cool water did the trick, and I was feeling a bit more relaxed.   “Let's get going guys.  We've got to find the garden.”
“I think I already did,” Lynn called from the balcony as the scent of apple blossoms wafted their way into the bedroom.
Stepping out there with her, the view was breathtaking like something out of a fairy tale.  Every color of the rainbow was down there.  Corinthian columns lined the path leading to an exquisite fountain which stood in the center.  It held a massive, crimson unicorn rearing up on its hind legs.  It was eerie the way this unicorn so closely resembled the one on my bell.
“That's definitely the place.”  Ray pointed to a white gazebo draped in wisteria just beyond the fountain.  “The two servants setting the table are a dead give-away.  Is anyone else as hungry as I am?”
Before we could answer, Ray was pulling us out the door.  He wouldn't allow us a single minute to admire any of the artwork or poke our heads into any open doors that we were now whizzing by.
“Slow down, Ray,” I called out to him.  
I had to admit, I was impressed by how fast he was dragging us.  
“Remember your manners,” I reminded him.  “You're acting as if they just announced Last Call at an All You Can Eat Buffet.”
“Chill out, Al, I'm starving.  I can go without a lot of things, but food isn't one of them anymore.”
On the back terrace, Ray slowed allowing us to catch our breath.  The garden was much bigger than I'd anticipated.  I'd only had a view of the left side from my room.  To the right, a green clearing was calling my name.  I had a hard time resisting the urge to take my boots off and run straight across.  If I wasn't afraid of getting caught, I probably would have.
You just couldn't help but be excited in such a wonderful place.  I was still having a hard time believing that all of this wasn't just a dream.  Turning around, I noticed Ray had dropped back. 
“You haven't said a word since we stepped outside,” I turned back to him.  “A moment ago you were setting a world record.  What's up?”
“I keep hearing sounds annoying sounds.” He paused for a moment.  “You don't hear them?”
I stopped to listen.  “No.  I don't hear anything.”
“It was nothing, I guess,” Ray shrugged, though his expression said otherwise.  
As we reached the gazebo, Marbellia was already waiting for us.  She had changed her clothes and was wearing a crimson gown, which was truly fit for a queen.
Her long, dark hair was swept up, and her crown was unlike those gaudy tiaras the girls in the beauty pageants wore.  This piece complimented her face and looked like it belonged there.   The platinum scrollwork encompassed the letter M and V'd down between her eyes.  It was the most beautiful piece of jewelry I had ever seen.
We were all looking from one to another not quite sure whether we should bow or not.  A few hours ago, this girl was just like one of us, someone I could see myself hanging out with.  However, the woman standing before me now seemed much older.  Our group bowed in unison without speaking.  
“My friends,” Marbellia said warmly.  “No need to be so formal.  We have known each other almost all your lives.  Come sit down.  I have much to tell you, and I know you have questions for me.”  
That’s putting it mildly, I thought. But instead I said, “Everything looks delicious.”
The other three mumbled their sentiments.  There were plenty of apples, of course, grapes, oranges, and other fruit I didn't recognize, platters of cheese and a variety of sandwiches.
The generous assortment should certainly boost Ray's mood.  I wasn't sure if his sudden drop into the unresponsive was due to his claim of starvation or something else, but he was definitely acting strange, even for Ray.
Maddie was the first to speak.  As a kid, she'd always been direct, and she wasn't about to let new surroundings change her.  
“I don't want to appear rude, Marbellia, but how did we get here, and why?” she asked.
“You do not know?  Tell me, when you were younger and Alison rang the Unicorn Bell, what did you used to do?”
“I'm sorry, but I don't know.  I don’t remember much about our game.”
I took the bell from the pocket of my cape and placed it on the table.  
 “But I do remember that bell,” Maddie pointed.  “I always wanted to hold it, but Alison said I was too little.  She said the keeper of the bell had great power, and I must never touch it.  But that was just children's imaginations, wasn't it?”  
Maddie looked at Marbellia for an answer but she remained silent.
“I remember,” Lynn spoke up.  “When Al rang the bell, we would all come running.  And the game would begin.”
“I'm missing something,” Ray interjected.  “This doesn't make sense.  Marbelina wasn't real.  A person can't just be summoned to another world by the sound of a bell!”
“You know that is not true, Ray.  You are living proof, but let me try to explain,” Marbellia finally spoke.  “Every ruler of Castine has a counterpart, another guardian from your world during their reign.  In my case, I have Alison, and she has chosen all of you.  You may have thought your games were imaginary, just for fun.  However, here in my world, they had meaning.  The battles you won and the adventures you shared helped us through a terrible time and kept my power strong.”
I stood up and began to walk in a small circle.  When I can't handle something, I can't sit still.
 “Wait just a minute.  Are you trying to tell me that the wars we made up really happened?” I finally asked.
“To an extent.  As you played your game and used your abilities to defeat your enemies, it allowed me to access our full power.”
Marbellia studied all of our stunned and confused faces, and then looked directly at me.
“This is a lot for you to take in, right now,” she continued.  “Some of your questions, I will be able to answer.  Other answers you will not believe, but you will know in your heart that what you hear is the truth.  Then there are those questions that only you have the answers to.
“With Castine being threatened again, I am in need of the full power we possess.  Since you no longer believe, you were personally brought -”
“I don't like where this is leading.”  Ray stood up, interrupting Marbellia.  “Maybe we should just go before we hear anymore.”  
“You are under no obligation to stay,” Marbellia said calmly.
“Hold on a minute, Ray,” I said sternly.  “Do you have any idea on how to get back home?  Because I sure don't.”  
“Is this true?  Are we stuck here?” Ray turned to Marbellia.
“Alison's right.  As I said, you are free to go, should you choose, but I cannot help.  Alison is the only one with that power.  You are her guardians.  Our two paths have always been entwined, but they can never intersect.”
I stopped walking and just stared at Marbellia like a deer caught in the head lights.  Her going from answering my questions with a question to speaking in some form of Chinese proverb wasn't getting me any closer to an answer.
She caught my gaze and continued, “Back when you were children, you believed in fairytales, in magic, in me.  We are connected, Alison.  Every time you used your power, mine remained strong.  You defeated your enemies in your game, we defeated ours in Castine.”
“Let me set you straight.”  My head was really spinning now.  “I don't have any power.  We were just pretending.  And what connection?  I'd never seen you before last night.”
Marbellia overlooked my obvious rudeness.  “Everything is not always as it seems.  Open the walls of your heart and let your guard down.  You know what I speak is true.”  
More fortune cookie garbage.  I was getting so agitated, something was burning inside my chest.  Yet, staring into Marbellia's emerald eyes, somehow I knew what she was saying was right.  As bad as things ever got for me, I never felt alone.
Marbellia nodded at me and continued, “Long before I was born, our world was in grave danger.  Our people were terrified and dying from starvation and Fyre.  King Salizar was in dire need of reinforcements.  The Dragon King and his legion were torching everything in their path and taking no prisoners.
“During one of the fiercest battles, King Salizar and a small group of his fastest soldiers rode off in hopes of getting word out to our Allies.  King Salizar's small band of fighters were ambushed, and he became lost in the thick and choking smoke.  
“Stumbling over what he thought was a root.  King Salizar fell through a portal.  A young man working his field found him wounded and disoriented.  He cleaned and dressed his wounds and gave him shelter.  As he recovered, the two men formed a strong bond. 
“This good Samaritan was intrigued by the King’s stories, yet skeptical of his sanity.  You see, he was longing for adventure and desperately wanted to believe what he was being told.  
“King Salizar also asked many questions about the world in which he now found himself.  Though he spent much of his time indoors recuperating, he was eager to learn.
“When King Salizar had fully recovered, he asked his new friend if he would like to return with him to Castine.  He could judge for himself, and his mind would be put to rest.  Since the young man felt he had nothing to lose, he agreed.  The young man's name was Alfred.”
“Nana's great grandfather was named Alfred,” Lynn commented.
“Yes,” Marbellia agreed. “As was his great, great grandfather from your 17th century.  It is this Alfred I am referring to.”
A gasp was our only reply, to which Marbellia only paused for a moment eyeing each one of us and continued, “Alfred did not return to your world right away.  He and King Salizar had grown quite close, and he couldn't leave his friend in need.
“This act of selflessness and friendship did not go unnoticed.  They were gifted with remarkable abilities and were a powerful force.  The Dragon King was extinguished and his comrades were defeated.  
“We now have the allegiance of the few remaining dragons.  They live in the caves of the Korinox Mountains.  Drater and his family have become the guardians of peace, our protectors.”
“So this is what you meant by our paths being entwined?” I finally asked.  “For four centuries?”
Marbellia nodded.
“Have others from my family come to Castine?” Maddie questioned.
Marbellia shook her head.  “Castine has not needed your family's physical presence since then.”  
“You see the gift I was referring to is the Ivory Magyck.  It is the reason Alfred and King Salizar so easily defeated the Dragon King.  It is also the reason Alfred was denied his repeated requests to stay.  It was feared that the Ivory Magyck was too powerful to stay here and may attract trouble to Castine.  Two bells were forged to mark its power.  Your family has protected one of them in your world and my family the other.”
“Who gave them this power?” I asked.
“Legend says it was Serenity, Leader of the Unicorns,” Marbellia answered.
“So Nana knew of the power when she gave me the bell?  Why would she give something so valuable to someone so small?” I asked.
“Was it not your Nana who told you stories of magical lands and faraway places?” Marbellia asked.  “How do you think your games came to have such detail about an 'imaginary' place?”
All four of us stared in disbelief.  
“Your Nana knew what she was doing when she passed the Magyck to Alison.  It was agreed upon long ago.  The best guardian was a child.  A child would guard the gift with a pure heart.  Temptation and greed have not taken root yet.  Your Nana knew you would do what so many have done before and act out the fantasies she told you.  Fueled by your imagination, the Ivory Magyck remained strong.  Our world remained safe, just as it has for generations.”
“What's happened to change all that?” I asked.
“You stopped believing.  Lost faith in what you cannot see,” Marbellia explained.  “And the Magyck has stopped flowing through you, Alison.  We are losing our connection.”
“We've just grown up,” Ray argued.  “We don't have time for silly games.  We don't even get together anymore.  I'm not saying I wouldn't love to. And even if we did, it wouldn't be so we could play house.”
Lynn giggled.  “Why didn't Nana ever tell us how important this bell was?”  
“She did tell me, once,” I said softly as I stared off into space.  “I used to admire the bell on her dresser all the time.  We would sit on her bed, and she would show it to me.
“'This is a very special bell,' she would say.  'It represents great power, and you must never touch it.'  But every time I would visit her, I'd beg to hold it.  Then she gave it to me after the first time we played Marbelina.  
“Again, she sat me down on her bed.  I can still remember her exact words.  'I'm going to give this bell to you, Alison.  I feel you'll do great things with it.  In my heart, you've always been one of my granddaughters.  It belongs in a child's hands.  Don't ever let anyone ring it but you.  The bell will bring you special magic during your games, but if you treasure it, you will always have magic.'”
I looked away so no one would see the tears in my eyes. 
“Wow, Al,” Ray was the first to speak.  “Why didn't you say this before?  I always thought you were just a selfish brat.”
“Why did she give it to me?” I asked, not to anyone in particular.  It was more of a statement.  One that would go unanswered.  “Why not give it to one of her own children?  She said a child should have it.  Why keep it all those years?”
“What makes you think it did not belong to a child?” Marbellia questioned.
“What?” 
“Nana had a child who died when he was little, my mom's oldest brother.  I bet she'd given it to him but couldn't bring herself to give it to another sibling,” Lynn mused.
“But why give it to me?” I mumbled.  “I'm technically not related.  It should have gone to one of the two of you.  I feel just awful about this.”
“Your Nana knew what she was doing,” Marbellia assured us.  “She was a sensitive woman and very perceptive.  My father spoke of her often.  You must have faith in her decision and faith in yourself.”
Phaelan walked in before I could ask any more questions.  He flashed me a quick smile, and I lost my train of thought.  He whispered something in the Queen's ear and stood back. 
“I must apologize to you all.  Something has come up, and I must go.  Feel free to explore the gardens or the palace.  I will meet with you all again later.”


 
Chapter 4
Unexpected Surprise

Over the next couple of days, getting face time with Marbellia was next to impossible.  Since we’d been told to make ourselves at home, we did just that.  Our goal was to explore every square inch of the palace.  We were hoping to stumble across something that would shed some light as to why we were here, other than the unbelievable reason we were given.    
Having no luck, the kitchen was becoming a favorite stop of ours, or should I say Ray's.  We couldn't quite get used to the idea of being served in the huge dining hall.  So we asked the cook staff if they’d mind if we ate at their smaller table in the kitchen.  It had the feel of being back home.  They had no objections, but insisted on serving us.  It was a compromise we could live with.
“Thank you for lunch, it was delicious,” Lynn said as our plates were cleared away.  
“I feel like royalty.”  Maddie's voice raised several octaves.  
“It sure does feel nice, but let's not forget our mission,” I reminded us all.  “The faster we figure this out, the faster we find the way home.”
“Our stupid game seems to be the key to both,” Ray surmised.  “Does anyone remember that could help?  It definitely wasn't my kind of thing, a little too girly.  Why couldn't we just have played The Dukes of Hazard or Superheroes more often?”  
“Quit your whining,” Lynn laughed.  “I wonder what ever happened to Nana's yellow robe.  Remember how Alison would raise her hands and make a triangle to stop the evil monsters from getting too close?”
“Oh yeah,” chuckled Ray.  “We didn't battle any Lugwarts, but we did hide from plenty of make-believe Booger Monsters.  Does that count?  They were slimy enough.”
I let out a good laugh, “I forgot about that.  Remember, your special quality, Ray?  You said the monsters could never sneak up on you.  You knew they were coming.  Remember how you'd set up booby traps to catch them?  Nana would get so mad at you for digging up the yard and covering the holes with leaves.” 
“And what was Lynn's specialty?” Maddie asked.
Ray and I caught each other's gaze and couldn't help but snicker.  
“Creating a big scene and falling down just so Ray would dash over and pick her back up.”   I winked at Lynn.
Lynn wrinkled her brow and pointed a finger like she was about to say something, but no words followed.
“You did have a big crush on him back then,” I grinned, unable to resist the urge to tease her.    
“See, I told ya.” Maddie playfully punched her sister in the arm.
“I did not,” Lynn whined.  “My shoelaces kept coming untied, and I fell down a lot.  I helped protect Marbelina, too, but the specifics are hazy right now.”
On that note, we all got up to go do some more exploring.  I felt we'd made some headway, but I couldn't shake the nagging feeling that I was forgetting something, something important.
We ran into Phaelan several times, and my heart would flip with anticipation only to be let down.  He was very polite and courteous, helping us out in whatever way he could, but it was almost like he was ignoring me.  Those gorgeous, Caribbean blue eyes never once looked in my direction.    
Maybe I had imagined the whole thing.  I thought there was a spark between us the other day.  I certainly felt something.  Maybe I had read too much into his warm hospitality.
Now I was just plain miserable and asked the others if they'd mind if I took a walk through the garden.  I wanted to clear my head.  After all, I wasn't here to think about some guy, even if he was inexplicably alluring.  
I was brought here for a specific purpose and needed to get my head wrapped around my task.  Otherwise, I was going to be stuck in Castine torturing myself forever.   
Lost in my thoughts, I never heard the sound of galloping hooves until they were right on top of me.
“Can I give you a ride somewhere?”
I put a hand up to shield my eyes from the setting sun.  This horse was huge, but I'd know that silhouette and buttery voice anywhere.  I almost melted until I remembered that I was mad at him.  I needed to stand my ground and not allow him to get to me so easily.  
Why did I lose focus at the mere sight of him?  No guy has ever been able to do this to me before.  I decided right then and there that I was done letting Phaelan do this to me now.
“No, thank you.  I'd rather walk,” I said sternly and continued forward.
“Where are you walking to?”  I could hear laughter in his voice.
“Does a person need to have a particular destination in mind to be out for a walk?” I retorted, proud of myself for my quick comeback.
“Well, if you keep heading in this direction, you will eventually have to stop or tumble off the edge of a cliff.  You have wandered way beyond the grounds of the palace.”
I immediately spun around, looking in all directions.  How was it that I'd come so far, without even noticing?  I was screaming at myself inside my head.  The gardens and the palace were miles off in the distance.
“Oh, uh, sorry,” was all I could manage to say.  All the tenacity in my voice had been lost.
“I will give you a ride home,” Phaelan offered again and extended his hand down to me.
“Uh, no, that's okay.  I walked here.  I can walk back.” 
Phaelan got down off his horse, and those gorgeous eyes looked through me.  He was so close I could hardly breathe.  I was quickly losing the battle with myself.  He stepped even closer until his hands were on my waist.  I thought my heart was going to explode out of my chest.  The next thing I knew I was on the back of his horse.  That was so not the outcome I had expected.
“Hey!” I yelled.
“Do you have to be so stubborn!” Phaelan fired back.  “It will be getting dark soon.  It is dangerous enough to wander around by yourself during the day, never mind after dark.  You are fortunate nothing happened to you.”
I was about to mount a comeback, but he was right.  I kept forgetting.  I wasn't home.  I was embarrassed by my actions and my irresponsibility.
Phaelan got back on his horse with one sudden move and was seated in front of me.  
“Hold on tight.”
He didn't need to tell me twice.  As far as I was concerned, this was the best part of my whole day.  I put my arms around his waist and relaxed.  I drank in the smell of him and would have been content to ride all night.
All too soon it was over, and we were back at the stables.  I watched as Phaelan unsaddled his horse and got him settled.  Neither of us had said anything since the hilltop.  I picked up a brush and started brushing down his horse.
“You do not need to do that,” he said.
“I want to.  What's his name?”
“Elidon,” Phaelan answered, brushing the other side.
“He's beautiful.  By the way, thank you.  I didn't mean to cause such a problem.  I had no idea that I'd wandered so far.”
“You did not know?”  Phaelan raised an eyebrow.  “What had you so preoccupied?  You must never venture out away from the palace alone, and always be aware of your surroundings.”  
“I'm sorry.  I needed time to think,” I sighed and sat down on a stool.  “The pressure for me to connect with something I did as a kid is so intense.  For you guys, it's of some great importance.  To the four of us, it was a passing fancy from our childhood.”
Phaelan knelt down beside me.  “You are over thinking.  You need to let yourself relax a little.  The answers you seek will come.”
“You make it sound so simple.”
Phaelan laughed.
His laugh was like music and immediately put me at ease.  I looked into his beautiful, Caribbean blue eyes and they flickered for half an instant.  
He was doing it to me again.  It was the same thing he did to me on that first day.  I felt the same spark, like electricity igniting inside of me.  I couldn't take it anymore.  I liked this Phaelan, the one he was right now.  I couldn't let him go back to the stuffy, all business, Phaelan without some explanation.
“What is up with you?” I finally asked in exasperation.
He looked up, appearing genuinely confused by the question. “How do you mean?”
“You act like two different people.  On the first day, I met this Phaelan.  The one you are right now relaxed, carefree, and charming. 
“Unless I'm crazy, there's something happening between us.  I've felt it from the moment I saw you, and I think you feel the same way.   However for the past couple of days, I've been going through hell.  You've been courteous and polite.  I'll give you that.  Yet I feel like you've been trying to avoid me.  
“You won't make eye contact.  And when you're with us, you try to stay as far away from me as possible.  I don't get it.  That's the real reason I was out walking.  Did I do something to offend you?” 
“You think you have offended me?” Phaelan echoed my question.  “I have been trying to keep my distance, but not because of anything you have done.  I thought it would be for the best.”   
“For the best?”
“I also have been attracted to you from the moment you arrived, but I did not want to cause you any unnecessary distraction.  The only problem is you are all I think about.  
“When Ray came to me this afternoon and said you were missing, I was gripped with a fear I have never known.  I was half mad with worry that something may have happened to you.”  Phaelan paused for a moment, and then flashed a devilish smile.
“Your warm reception once I found you was a bit of a surprise.”  
“What did you expect after being treated as if I've smelled worse than rotting garbage during a July heat wave?” I said trying to still sound upset.  “You must know by now that I am truly grateful you came after me.”
“It became apparent as soon as you wrapped your arms around my chest,” he answered and lifted my chin with one finger and kissed my cheek with a slow lingering kiss.  I was completely taken by surprise but definitely not complaining.  
Phaelan finished with Elidon and returned to me.  He laced his fingers through mine and led me back into the palace through a secret tunnel.  I might've been impressed by the secret passage if I wasn't still trying to process recent events.  
When Phaelan left me at my bedroom door, he kissed my hand and bid me good night.  I couldn't have been happier.
The morning hit me like déjà vu.  I was awakened by the sound of Ray's voice and a gentle shaking.  I pulled the covers down and opened one eye.   The three of them were hovering again.
“I'm awake.  I'm awake,” I groaned, and pulled the covers back over my head.
“Al, come on.  Let's go,” Ray demanded.
“What's up with you?”  
“He won't admit it, but he was worried about you yesterday.  We all were,” Lynn answered.  “He sent Phaelan out when we couldn't find you.”
“Oh,” I sat up looking down at my hands.  “I am so sorry guys.  I had a lot on my mind.”
“We would've been by to see you last night, but we ran into Phaelan.  He said you were back.  No harm done, but tired.  We got the impression that you just needed time alone,” Maddie explained.
“We'll wait for you in the other room.” Ray gave an icy glare at us all, but I knew it was meant for me.
Despite our recent history, we always watched out for each other.  Asking someone else for help would not have been easy on him.  Something neither one of us ever knew how to handle.  I wasn't looking forward to a whole day with him.  Grudgingly, I dragged myself out of bed.
Breakfast wasn't so bad. His icy demeanor disappeared but was replaced with a sullen almost nauseous looking Ray. 
“Hey, are you all right?” I asked with genuine concern.
“I haven't been sleeping so good.  Wouldn't you think a plush place like this would have been better built?” 
“What do you mean?
“These walls are paper thin, or it's the acoustics.  I can hear every creak, every footstep and every conversation.  It's like my head is filled with constant noise.  Take right now, for example.  I've been especially listening to two women yammering on and complaining about all their extra work since we sat down.  And if they clink together another metal object, I’m going to lose it.”
“Ray,” I said flatly.  “There's no one here but us and the cooks.”
He stared at me as if I had lost it and was waiting for an explanation.
“Lynn, Maddie,” I interrupted their conversation. “You see or hear any women doing any kind of metal work?”   
“Not in here, but we passed by some women in one of the other rooms.  I think they were polishing silver or something,” Maddie said casually.
“Show me,” I demanded and stood up so quickly that my chair skidded back and almost flipped over.  
She led us back the way we can almost to the beginning of the hallway.
“There ya go.” She pointed to an oak door with a beveled window.  I peered through and sure enough there were two women polishing armor in there.  
“These can't be the people Ray heard,” I objected.  “The kitchen’s too far away.  We're standing right outside the door and can't hear a word.”
“Nope.  That's them all right.  I'd recognize that one's annoying voice anywhere,” Ray pointed to the tall thin woman with her dark hair weaved into such a tight bun it made my head hurt.
“Ray, that's impossible!”  I whispered.
“I can't explain it, Al.  All I know is what I hear.  Right now they're saying that they don’t believe we’re visiting royalty as they’ve been told and don’t care for the orders to treat us as such.  They think our behavior is too strange, even a bit rude.”
“Rude!” Maddie repeated barging through the door.  
“Oh crap!” Lynn cried right on her sister’s heels and much to the shock of the two women.  She quickly grabbed her sister's arm and gave the women a big smile.
“I apologize,” I stammered flying in behind Lynn.  “We thought this was the library.”
Both women immediately gathered up their supplies, bowing repeatedly as they silently left the room.
“The library?” Ray swatted my shoulder.  “Couldn't you have done better than that?”
“I'm sorry.  You know I cave under pressure.  You’ve always been a better liar.”
“Oh, wow.  Look at this place,” Maddie's eyes gleamed.  “This looks like some kind of training facility.”
Weapons of all sorts lined the walls.  The swords I recognized, but the others were something straight out of a King Arthur novel.
“Oh, no.  You're not getting off that easily.  You've got to learn to control your temper,” Lynn scolded.  “We're not at home anymore.  You can't just say whatever you want, whenever you want.  You're a guest here, and you need to remember that.”
“I'm sorry guys,” Maddie apologized half-heartedly.  “It's just that when Ray said those women thought we were rude, I lost it.”
“You can’t lose it,” Lynn continued to reprimand. “Your actions affect us all.  You need to remember that.”
“Getting back to Ray,” I said, changing the subject.  “You could actually hear their conversation?  That's amazing!”
“Yeah, I told you I could.” 
“How long has this been happening to you?” 
There was a long pause before Ray spoke.  “Since we got here, I guess.  I was in my room on the first day when I heard the girls talking about whether or not Maddie was going to swing from the chandelier.”
“You heard that?” Lynn looked astonished.  “But we were all the way back at the beginning of the hallway overlooking the foyer and whispering, no less.  All I needed was Maddie getting us into trouble just minutes after we arrived.”
“Oh come on.  Tell me that wouldn’t be a fun thing to do,” Maddie nudged her sister with a devilish look on her face.
“I know you were, and I didn't think anything of it at the time. I looked out my door because it seemed like you guys were talking right outside my room,” Ray continued. “I blamed it on the acoustics of the foyer, but it's getting worse.”
“Maddie, Lynn, let's try a little experiment.  Go stand across the room, and whisper something to each other.  I want to see if Ray can hear it.”
With fifty feet or so separating us, I could feel my excitement building.  Seeing no expression on my brother's face, I could tell he was less than enthused.
“Ok, guys.  Go ahead,” I called out.  
Maddie put her hand to Lynn's ear.  Simultaneously, color flushed Ray's and Lynn's cheeks.  
“What'd she say?” I asked walking to meet them.
“Nothing important,” Ray answered curtly.
“Thank you,” I heard Lynn whisper to him.
“We need to find Marbellia as soon as possible,” I ordered.
“What's the rush?” Maddie spoke up.  “Look at this room!  Let's check it out for a while.  Help me out here, Ray.  Tell me you don't want to try out some of these swords.”
“We really should be leaving,” I protested.
Maddie grabbed a sword from the wall passing it from hand to hand.  
“Come on, Lynn.  Pick up a sword.”  
“No, thank you,” Lynn answered emphatically.
“I didn't know you two had skills,” Ray teased, his personality returning.
“I don't,” Lynn clarified.  “Maddie is on our high school fencing team.  I am only her unlucky, practice partner.”  Lynn shot a look at her sister.  “She always promises to go easy on me.  And somehow I always end up regretting it.”
“You're not so bad,” Maddie argued.  “Come on.  You've come a long way since my freshman year.  PLEASE!”
“Oh yeah, I’ve had a whole year to get even worse,” Lynn responded full of sarcasm.
“Guys!” I objected.  “This is not the time to start playing.  I think Ray may have a special ability.  We need to talk to Marbellia and see if it means something!”
“Al, this hearing problem is nothing.  Yeah, right now it's a bit annoying, but I'll figure it out.  Go ahead guys. Grab some gear.  I want to see what you girls can do.  This just may be the most fun I've had since we got here.”
Reluctantly, Lynn obliged and swords clashed.   Lynn blocked her sister from the right and then the left.
 “You've been practicing,” Maddie's eyes gleamed.
“No I haven't,” Lynn protested.  “I don't know what that was.”  
Maddie sized up her older sister with a huge smile.  Before we could blink, Maddie was on one side of Lynn and then the other. She was wielding her sword so quickly, it was hard to keep up.  It looked like she held more than one.  It didn't take long for Lynn's sword to fly through the air and land in the wall.
“Maddie, how did you do that?” I asked in true astonishment.
“I have no idea.  I mean, I hold my high school's record, even over the Varsity, but nothing like this,” Maddie remarked.
“Looks like we've found your special ability,” Ray smiled at Maddie and crinkled his nose at me.  
“Let's try that again,” Maddie smiled, excitedly.  
Lynn wasn't thrilled about going another round, so Ray stepped in.  After a quick lesson, he caught on pretty quickly.  Still, he was no match for his young challenger.  Maddie was on fire.  Her reflexes and agility were defying gravity.  It was almost like watching an action film but no special effects or hidden wires.
“Okay guys, can we call it quits for now?” I asked again.  “I think with both of you discovering new talents, I have just cause to renew my request to find Marbellia.”
After putting all of the equipment away, Maddie skipped over to me with a huge and devious smile.
“Don't you want to know what I whispered to Lynn?” she asked.
“I don't need to know.  Whatever it was you single handedly embarrassed your sister and irritated my brother.”
“I asked Lynn if she still had a crush on Ray,” Maddie grinned.
 


Chapter 5
Soran Canyon

While we were finishing an early dinner, Phaelan walked in causing my heart to dance.  He bowed to us, all business again, but this time he did acknowledge me.  He also wasn't in his traditional uniform.  His loose fitting white shirt and high laced boots were more casual like Ray's, as if he'd been out riding.  Without his customary uniform more of his muscular shape was revealed. 
“Marbellia sends me with her apologies for being unable to see you, again today.  She does not want you to think that word did not reach her, but circumstances beyond her control have required constant attention,” Phaelan informed us.
“We understand,” I answered, unable to take my eyes off of him.  “We think we may have made some progress today.”
“Wonderful,” Phaelan answered, seemingly unaware of my scrutiny.
As he made small talk with everyone, I continued to marvel at his perfection.  Maddie was all too eager to give a detailed account of her new found fighting abilities.  However, Ray was more reluctant to talk about his remarkable hearing.  He didn't consider it to be much of a specialty and thought I was reading too much into it.  
As the conversation continued, Phaelan began to shuffle his weight from side to side.  I found this behavior odd as he never struck me as the anxious type.  I'm sure none of the others had picked up on this, but I found everything about him fascinating.
I had lost all interest in their conversation and was fixated only on him.  Thinking what it would be like to run my fingers through his long, golden hair and trace the muscles under his shirt.  My daydream started to consume me.  I was longing to have those strong arms wrap around me, but most of all, I wanted to feel his soft, gentle lips again.
I hadn't even noticed their conversation had grown cold until my brother's impatient tone jolted me back to reality.  Everyone's eyes were fixed upon me.  
“Al, have you not heard a single word we've been saying?”  
“Maybe I could take Alison out for a while.  She looks like she needs some time to think.”  Phaelan came to my rescue.
“Hmm? Oh, a walk might be a good idea,” I agreed.
Phaelan put one hand behind the base of my back but didn't touch as he escorted me out the door.  I could still feel the others' eyes burning into me as I left them sitting there.  Quickly, he ushered me through a secret passage and grabbed my hand as soon as we were safely inside.  I sizzled just from his touch.
“You know this is going to leave them suspicious,” I predicted.
“I have no idea what you are talking about,” Phaelan grinned.
Again we came out at the stables.  Elidon was already saddled up and waiting for us.  He stamped his front legs and snorted when he saw Phaelan, anxious to go for his ride.
“You had this planned all along?” I asked, somewhat surprised.
“I was hopeful.”
“Where are we going?”  
“Time will tell.”
I was lifted up with the same ease as before.  Phaelan didn't tell me to hang on this time.  He didn't have to.  I nestled in against his back, ready to go wherever he wanted to take me.  
Soon, I was hypnotized by Elidon's galloping hooves.
“What are you doing?” chuckled Phaelan.
“What?”  
It took a moment for me to find an answer to his question.  Through his cotton shirt, I could easily trace his muscles.  My emotions had finally gotten the better of me, and my earlier fantasy was taking hold.  Heat quickly flooded my cheeks, which I was thankful he couldn't see.  
I quickly sat up straight as an arrow and rested my hands on his hips.  I needed to keep better control over my imagination.  I've always prided myself on my extreme self- control.  What was wrong with me?  I had never been this daring with any guy ever.  Oh heck, I had never given any other guy the time of day.  If I'm being honest with myself, I had always regarded them as a lesser species that I didn't have time for.
“I am so sorry,” I finally choked out. 
“It is quite all right.” 
Phaelan grabbed one hand and then the other and put them back around his waist.  I settled in against him but not too comfortably.  I willed myself into paying attention this time and was almost afraid to look at him when the ride came to an end, but he was a perfect gentleman.  He had a way of making me feel at ease.  He'd acted as if the whole awkward moment had never happened.
“This is Soran Canyon,” he motioned to the vast canyon below us.
“It's beautiful.” 
“I thought you might like it.  I come here quite often to think.  I would love to show it to you at sunset.  The way the sun hits the falls over there is breathtaking, but I am afraid the ride back at dark would be too dangerous.”
I sat down and unlaced my boots.  It was wonderful to feel the thick, grass between my toes.  I hugged my knees and let out a big sigh.  Phaelan laughed and sat down beside me.
“What are you doing?” 
“Relaxing.  Back home, you will hardly ever find me with shoes on in the summer time.”
“Why is that?” 
“What do you mean?” I laughed.  I could see from the look of utter confusion on his face that he wasn't joking.  
“Do you mean to tell me that people in your world don't walk around barefoot?”
“The only ones who go without, are those who have no choice.”  
His answer wasn't rude or snobbish, just matter of fact.  
“Well, you should try it,” I recommended. 
As I stood up, I felt the same impulse I had the other day.  This time I gave in to my desire and ran through the field towards a grove of trees.  With each step I felt my energy being renewed, and the sunshine on my face even better.  
Breathless, I leaned against the first tree I came to and turned around to look for Phaelan, but there was no one there.  As I scanned the area, I was startled to find him already propped against a nearby tree.
“Wow, you're fast,” I said trying to catch my breath.  “I see you still have your boots on.  Don't you trust me?”
“It is not a matter of trust.  You are asking me to go against years of custom,” he explained coming closer.
“There's no one here to see us, and I won't tell,” I baited him.
“True.  There is no one here to see us,” he agreed.
Phaelan gave me a gorgeous smile and his Caribbean blue eyes flickered again, just like they'd done twice before.  I gasped in deeply as my heart beat wildly with every step he took until I could feel him against me.  His weight gently pressing me back against the tree.  He cradled my head in his left hand and his right slipped around my waist.  His gorgeous eyes never left mine.
Slowly, he leaned forward looking for any hesitation on my part.  My arms wrapped around him, and it felt like fireworks were bursting inside me.  His kiss was strong but still very soft.  
As he backed away, neither of us spoke.  I tried to take a step forward but felt my head swoon and lost my balance.  He caught my arm and set me back against the tree.

“Maybe we should just stay put for a minute,” he suggested.
“I'm fine,” I lied.  “I must have tripped.” 
He just smiled with those perfect eyes flickering, again.
“Can I ask you a question?” I asked from my vulnerable position against the tree.  
Again he held his weight against mine.  He leaned in closer until I felt his breath on my neck, and I had to struggle to remember my question. “If you like, you can ask me anything.”  
“I am infatuated with your eyes.  The color is so beautiful, so tropical.  I've never seen anything like them.”
“Thank you, but that was not a question.” 
“My question is about the shape.  Your pupils aren't always as round as everyone else's.  Sometimes they flicker to become slightly narrower, more vertical, or slitted, I guess you'd call it. It’s more noticeable sometimes than it is at other times.  Like right now.  Can you tell me why?”  
Phaelan quickly looked away, but he didn't move.  He seemed to be ashamed.  This wasn't the reaction I had expected, to see a vulnerable side of Phaelan.  I realized I'd crossed a line.
“I'm sorry.  I didn't mean to get too personal.  You don't need to explain.  I love your eyes.  They were the first thing I noticed about you.”
He still had me pinned against the tree.  I took his face in my hands and waited for him to look at me.  It took a while, but he finally did.  His eyes were completely narrow and breathtakingly beautiful.  I wasn't sure of the reason why this would cause him shame or embarrassment, but I wanted to let him know that I had no problem with it.  
I boldly kissed him this time to let him know that I wanted him just the way he was.  He gave me one of his perfect smiles, and I felt him relax a little as we walked silently back hand in hand towards his grazing horse.
We lay on the grass for a while and in complete silence.  I lay on my stomach looking out towards the canyon, and he lay on his back watching me.
“I apologize for my behavior back there,” Phaelan spoke, quietly.  “It was rude, and I broke my word.  I told you that you could ask me anything, and I did not live up to my unspoken end of the bargain in providing you with an answer.”
I looked down at his gorgeous face.  His eyes had resumed their normal shape.  I had never met anyone so perfect in all my life, not just his looks, but his personality, his vulnerability.  It was like I was caught in his tractor beam and being pulled towards him.
“S’okay.  You don't need to explain.” 
“But I want to,” he said, putting a finger to my lips.  “I must admit, I did not expect you to be so perceptive.  Your question caught me off guard.  
“Marbellia's father found me when I was a baby.  He had been out on a hunting trip when his hunting dogs came across me.  He took me back to the palace where I was well cared for.
“So you see, I have no idea why I do not look like everyone else.  When I was younger, it was a lot worse.  The only time it is prevalent anymore is when my emotions are extremely heightened.  As a result, I have learned to control my feelings.”
“I think I only noticed because I've been drawn to you from the minute we met, for reasons I can't yet explain,” I confessed.  “I want to spend all of my time with you, learn all there is to know about you.  Does that sound horrible?  I know I'm here for a bigger purpose, but I don't care about that right now.”
Phaelan's eyes narrowed again, and he pulled me close.  This time his kiss was more urgent.  His breath was short and fast just like mine.  He put on the brakes rather quickly and pulled back from me.  There was a look of astonishment on his face.
“I am so sorry,” he apologized.  “I do not know what came over me.  It will not happen again.”
My heart sank.  “You're sorry?” 
He was silent and didn't look up at me.  I wasn't sure what to think.
“Well, I'm not,” I stated boldly.  I wasn't going to let him flip the switch on me again without saying something.  “I thought it was wonderful.”
“You are not mad at me?” he asked looking truly upset.
“Why would I be mad at you?”
“For trying to have my way with you.”
“Have your way?” I giggled. “I'm pretty sure that if we'd kept going, your opinion would've been reversed.” 
“So you truly are not upset?”
I took his hand and looked right into his gorgeous eyes.  “It was perfect.  I hope we get to finish what we started.”  
“Oh.  I see,” he whispered bashfully.
“Now it's my turn to apologize,” I groaned.  “I didn't mean to make you uncomfortable.  I realize now that you honestly thought you may have violated my honor in some way, but you haven't.  And now I've gone too far and offended you when everything was so amazing.”
“I am in total agreement with you.  It was wonderful,” Phaelan ran his fingers through his hair.  I could see how uncomfortable this conversation was making him.  “I just do not want you to get the wrong impression of me.”
“Let's start over,” I said quickly.  “I can see that our moral lines may be blurred on certain issues.  We come from two different worlds, literally.  You'll just have to guide me in the ways of yours.  Agreed?”
“Agreed.”
I decided it was time to change the subject back to what it was before we got so far off course.
“Um, what do you mean, it was worse when you were younger?  Your eyes.”
“When I was growing up, kids would call me Cat Creature,” Phaelan explained.  “There was no way to hide it then.  The pupils did resemble those of a common, ordinary house cat.  It was unmistakable.  Marbellia used to get mad at them and strike out with her powers.  She would get herself in such trouble for that.”  
Phaelan laughed as if recalling some old memories.  He paused for a few moments, and I patiently waited for him to continue.
“Thankfully, over time the problem has mostly disappeared, and what is left is usually controllable, or so I thought.  Apparently, you stir some emotions in me that cause the problem to resurface.”
I blushed for a moment but ignored his last comment.
“So you guys have grown up close?”  
“Like brother and sister.”  
“Which one of you is older?”
“That would be Marbellia.  Has she not told you the story yet?”
“What story?”
He thought for a few more minutes and then sighed.  “I think it would be all right if I told you.  I know she was going to, but so much has happened lately.  Marbellia's older than I am, quite a bit, in fact.”
“She doesn't look it.  I thought she was about my age.” 
“Are you going to keep interrupting?”  Phaelan’s eyes smiled as he said this, and I was glad to see him relaxing again.  I made a motion of zipping my lips and throwing away the key.  Then I wondered if he understood what I meant, but he got the idea.
“Marbellia is immortal.  She stopped aging quite some time ago, but you could say she's roughly your age.  You see, here it is impolite to ask a women's age or reveal the age of another woman.”
He tried unsuccessfully to hide his smile.  I blushed in embarrassment and tried to apologize, but he put a finger to my lips.  Just this slight contact sent a shock wave through my body.  
“Marbellia was born just like the rest of us.  The only exception is that she was born immortal, all royalty is.  She was around ten years old when her mother passed on, but as far as I can remember, she always looked ten.  It was this tragic event that sped up time, so to speak.  
“Without a mother to guide Marbellia through those awkward years of womanhood, she simply grew through them.  Once her father crossed over, she matured overnight into the beautiful woman you see today.”
I waited a few minutes, but Phaelan appeared to be finished speaking.  I was filled with even more questions.  I decided to give it a try.
“What do you mean her father crossed over?”
“All immortals cross over to Infinia once their time as ruler is over.  A bridge will appear over this very canyon to take them on their journey.  Once Marbellia's father crossed over, she had this canyon renamed after him.
“Soran was the name of her father?”
Phaelan nodded.
“You mentioned her mother, did she cross over?”
“No, her mother was a mortal.  Only those born with royal blood are immortal.  Her mother passed on; however, her spirit was allowed to cross over.  Marbellia's mother and father are together in Infinia along with all of those who ruled Castine before them.”
“Are you immortal?”  I had to ask.
“No. I am very much mortal.”
“Yes, but you're not quite human,” I muttered under my breath.
“Hey, do you trust me?” he asked, jumping up with his hand extended.  
Obviously he was changing the subject.  
“Yes,” I said cautiously.
“That does not sound very convincing,” he laughed and lead me toward the edge of the ravine.  
I started to drag my feet in protest.
“I will not let go of you.” 
“Please stop,” I begged, pulling against him.  
“I thought you said you trusted me.”  
“My paralyzing fear of heights has nothing to do with trust.”
Phaelan turned around, giving me a reassuring hug.
“Okay.  I was just going to show you the most beautiful view of the river.  Another time.  Besides, we need to head back.”
“Can I ask you one more question?” I asked.
Phaelan laughed.  “My intention was to help you.  I should have been the one asking the questions.  All right, one more question, but then it is my turn.”
“Deal,” I wrinkled my forehead.
“There it is again,” Phaelan accused.  “The same hesitation you showed when I asked you if you trusted me.  You instantly throw walls around yourself.”  
“Defense mechanism, I guess.”  
Phaelan raised an eyebrow.  
“Invisible protection,” I explained.
He put both hands on my shoulders and looked right into my eyes.
“You never have to answer any questions you do not wish.  I just want to help.  I already feel like I have known you forever.”
When he looked at me, I thought I would burst.  He felt exactly as I did.  Building walls truly was a defense mechanism I had developed early on to keep people from getting too close, but Phaelan was different.  I wanted him close.  This was going to be a learning curve, but I was willing to give it all I had.  We got back on Elidon and slowly started back.
“Now for that question,” I reminded him.  “Will you get in a lot of trouble if we are found together?”
“Why would you think such a thing?” He drew me closer to him.
“Up at the canyon you said something about no one seeing us.  Is that because you can't be seen with a commoner?”
Phaelan laughed as if I'd just told the best joke of the day.  He spun part way around in his saddle and pulled me in front of him.  I liked this new position.  The electricity was heating me up from the inside out, but I knew I had to behave.
“There is absolutely nothing common about you.  You seem to have no idea as to the kind of power you display.  And no.  There is nothing wrong with us being seen together.  There is no law that prevents me from spending time with you.  And in case you have another question; Marbellia does approve.”
“You've talked to her about me?  What did she say?” 
“She has some concerns, as do I, but she would never stand in the way of true love.”
“True love?  Is that what you think this is?”  
The shock in my voice came through louder than I intended it to, and I saw him grimace for a fraction of a second.  
“What else could it be?  We are only faced with one obvious problem.  You live in one world, and I live in another.”
“Well, at the moment, that doesn't appear to be much of an issue.  If I can't remember whatever it is that I've forgotten, then it looks like the four of us will be here for a very long time,” I smiled putting my arms around his neck.  
“All kidding aside,” I continued, “I want to make the most of every second that we have together.”
“Then it is settled,” he whispered, caressing my cheek.
We continued the slow ride back.  The sun was just about setting when we reached the stables.  I was so perfectly relaxed in Phaelan's arms that it left me with the feeling of having been asleep.  He left Elidon with the stable hand and took me back through the tunnels to my room.  
“Do you want to come in?” I teased.
“That would not be the best idea.”  It was Phaelan's turn to blush.  “Besides, you are exhausted, and I need to check in with Marbellia.  Till tomorrow.”
He kissed my cheek, and I walked into my room.  Before my door had closed, I heard Phaelan say, “Have a good night, Ray.”
I rolled my eyes.  I knew I'd have some explaining to do in the morning, but for now, I just wanted the rest of the night alone.  I threw myself across the bed and closed my eyes, anxious to relive the best afternoon of my life.  
It wasn't long before my door was slamming shut, shattering my daydream.  I rolled over to find Ray leaning against my bedroom wall.  
“What is your problem?” I asked, rather annoyed.
“Al, we have to leave!” he hissed.  “We need to get out of here before it's too late.”
I could see he was upset and decided against my first instinct, which was to freak out on him and tell him he was crazy.  After today, I had no intentions of going anywhere.
“Let's sit down.  You aren't making any sense.”
I led him to the living room and waited for him to start talking.  The color slowly returned to his face, and his eyes began registering normal activity.
“After Phaelan had taken you out this afternoon, I went off on my own.  You know how I am about being around people all the time.  Plus the annoying voices were starting to take their toll on me.
“I watched Phaelan take you through a secret door.  So I thought maybe I'd go check it out.  At first I couldn't find it, but I was determined.  I was so glad you weren't around to say “I told you so” because I decided to rely on my new ability, as you call it.  I cringed just thinking about how excited you'd be if you knew what I was doing, but I shrugged it off.
“A secret door should be exerting a wind pressure of some kind.  All I needed to do was concentrate on that particular sound.  Slowly I began to realize that the wall was the only thing I was listening to.  I had been able to turn off all the other sounds in my head.  Now I wished you were there.  I was so relieved to learn that I could control the chaos.  I didn't need to hear every sound going on around me, unless I wanted to hear every sound going on around me.
“It was in that moment that I picked up on the change in pressure coming from the wall.  It was a faint vacuum sound as air from the hallway was being sucked under a particular section of the wall.  I examined the façade and found the trigger switch.  
“I was on an adrenaline high as I explored the long and winding passageways.  Eventually I heard muffled voices coming from behind a wooden door with no window.  It was so thick, I could hardly hear what they were saying, but I finally did it.  Alison, it was Marbellia and a man she called Marcus.”
Ray gave a dramatic pause, awaiting my reaction.  
“I know you have more to say, so let's get on with it,” I said, impatiently.
Ray took a deep breath and repeated the conversation he'd heard, word for word.
“Phaelan tells me that your troops have seen signs of the enemy in the South West corner, Marcus,” Marbellia states.		
“That is true,” Marcus confirms.  “We have seen signs of Lugwarts along the river's edge.  Although they tried to hide their tracks, it was a sloppy effort.  What I found strange was the two by two formation.  There has never been any sign of organization before now. 
“We also found another set of tracks made by a very large beast that is unfamiliar to us.  We believe that this creature may be the reason for the missing villagers.” 
“Thank you, Marcus.  Please let me know the second you have any new information.  Let us also keep this to ourselves until we know more.  Double our efforts.  We need to find out exactly what kind of creature we are dealing with, but do it quietly.”  
“My queen, you look worried.  May I ask, has Alison remembered yet?  Does she realize how important she is?”  
“No, not yet.  She does not understand her importance.  This is the way it has always been.  I know our time is growing short.  I cannot press her too hard.  You know I cannot interfere with this process.  She will remember in time.”
“Phaelan’s feelings are very strong.”   
“I have complete trust in Phaelan.  He knows the delicate nature of the situation.  He would not risk the fate of our world or the destiny of the four of them.  I will speak with Alison again tomorrow.  I know her childhood was painful, but she will do what she must.  She holds the key to all our futures.  This beast, can you take me to its tracks?  I have always been good with animals.  Let me see if I can get anything on this one.”  
“That's all I heard,” Ray concluded.  “They left shortly after.”
I sat there in silence trying to understand.  I hold the key?  
“Alison?” Ray snapped his fingers.
“Marbellia knows what I'm forgetting.  Why can't she help me remember?”
“What?  That’s all you got from everything I just said?  Did you not hear the part about a ferocious creature out there and villagers disappearing?  We need to leave!”
“This room, what was it like?” I asked.
“Alison, you aren't making sense.”
“Ray, did you get into the room?” I asked firmly.
He sighed but finally answered.  “The door was solid oak almost a foot thick.  The place was deceiving, double level, further underground than I thought.  It had a King Arthur and the Knights of the Round Table vibe to it.  Maps and charts were hung on walls and scattered on a huge table.  There were no luxuries or signs of royalty.  I think it's some kind of emergency command center.   What's that got to do with everything I just told you?”
The level of irritation in his voice was rising, and I knew he was way past his quota of conversation for an entire month. 
“What it means is that you were obviously eavesdropping on something that was not meant for anyone else to hear,” I chastised.  “If Marbellia wanted us to know this information, she would have shared it.  I trust them, Ray.”
“Are you sure your judgment hasn't recently been clouded?”
I shot him an “if looks could kill you’d be dead right now” kind of a look.  
“It doesn't change the fact that we're still stuck here until I can figure out what I'm forgetting or until we find the way home.  Now do you mind if we both get some sleep tonight?”
“Fine, but don't think I won't be listening for any clue that may get us home quicker.”
“I wouldn't expect anything less,” I smiled, leading Ray to the door.  “Go enjoy a peaceful night's sleep, now that you've turned off the noise in your head.”
 


Chapter 6
Serenity

The walk down to breakfast seemed longer than usual.  I hesitated outside the doorway and braced myself for the onslaught of questions I was sure I had coming.  Cursing myself for my hesitation, I took a deep breath and put on a smile.  Maddie was chatting excitedly about her new found abilities and barely gave me a wave while Lynn appeared bored to tears.  Ray sulked in the corner and never looked up.
This wasn't the reception I'd expected, but who was I to complain?  Careful not to interrupt Maddie's ongoing monologue, I slipped into the chair across from her.  She seemed quite content with the fact that no one was engaging her in this one-sided conversation.
Breakfast was mouthwatering as usual. The endless array of croissants, fruits, muffins, and yogurt was in sharp contrast to the way Ray and I were raised.  I wondered if he felt the same way.  
“All right, I've heard enough!” Lynn said slamming her hand on the table and knocking over her chair.
The three of us stared at her in stunned silence.  She was usually so easy going.  Even Maddie didn't dare say another word.  
“I'm happy for you, Maddie, really I am.  For you and Ray both.  I'm just tired of hearing about it, that's all.”  
Lynn drew in a few deep breaths and pulled her chair back in.  Her voice was much calmer when she spoke again.  “Don't you think Alison and I might find it a little frustrating to have to listen to you go on and on?  I've been racking my brain, trying to figure out why I'm here.  I've got no hidden abilities, and as far as I'm aware, neither has Alison.”
“I understand your frustration, Lynn,” Marbellia empathized. 
 None of us had seen her enter the room, and we all began to stand up.  
“Please, sit.  Let me introduce, Marcus, my Captain of the Guard.  Next to Phaelan, he is my most trusted confidant.”
The man, who walked in behind her, had the same hair color and complexion as Marbellia and every other Castinian, aside from Phaelan.  His deep set eyes were dark but warm and there was a scar on the right side of his chin. It made me wonder how many battles he'd seen.  
Marbellia took a seat at the opposite end of the table from Ray.  Marcus remained standing over Marbellia's left shoulder, a place which seemed natural for him.  He kept a watchful eye on everything never moving a muscle.  I bet there wasn't an action made that he couldn't account for.
“Congratulations to Ray and Maddie on your new found abilities.  Phaelan filled me in last night,” Marbellia reported.
My heart skipped a beat at the mere mention of his name.  Marbellia looked right at me and smiled.  “He will join us shortly.  Phaelan's not much for early mornings.”
“Did you know something like this would happen?” Lynn asked.
“To be truthful,” Marbellia began.  
Ray grunted and shifted his weight in his chair.  
“To be truthful,” Marbellia began again.  “I had no idea what to expect.  To my knowledge, Alfred was our only visitor.  The only thing that makes any sense to me is that Ray and Maddie may be a little more open to the idea of being here than the two of you are.”
“Open to the idea?” Ray said sarcastically.  “I don't know if I'd go that far.  It doesn't look like we have much of a choice.”
I glared at Ray for using that tone with Marbellia who seemed unaffected by Ray's not so subtle accusation.
“Another theory,” Marbellia continued, “is you have pretty much remembered Ray's and Maddie's roles in your games.  Lynn's and Alison's have yet to be defined.”
“We all know what Alison's role in our game was,” Ray snapped.  “She was you, and she had cool powers.  How much more definition do you need?”
I couldn't believe Ray's obvious rudeness.  I was questioning that myself, but I was tired of my brother's embarrassing behavior.
“Marbellia, I apologize.  Would you give my brother and me a moment outside?”
“Of course.”
“Ray!”
It was the only word I spoke as I walked out the door with my brother following close behind.  No sooner were we on the terrace when I laid into him.
“What is your problem?”
“I'm sorry, Al.  When she uttered those words, to be truthful, I just lost it.”
“Lost what?  I told you not to hold anything you heard last night against her.  The conversation wasn't meant for you.”
“It's not that.  After I left you, I ran into Phaelan.”
Again, my heart skipped a beat.
“What was he doing?”
“Coming to check on you?  I don’t know.  I think he heard us arguing.  He asked me if everything was all right.  I assured him you were fine and the problem was all me.  
“He asked me if I wanted to talk about it.  At first, I refused.  You know me and small talk.  Then I thought about it.  Maybe I could get some answers from him.  His name was brought up in the secret conversation, and I didn't beat around the bush.”  
“Ray what did you do?”  I could feel my blood start to boil.
“Chill out.  I just asked him what he knew about you holding the fate of Castine in your hands, and what you need to remember before it's too late.  Stuff like that.”
“And,” I prompted.
“His face lost all color.  He wanted to know how I knew so much.”  
“What did you say?” I asked.
“I told him it didn't matter.  What matters is that I knew, and I wanted some answers.  He told me that under no circumstances could I mention this to you.  Something about messing with our destinies.”
“Did you tell him I already knew?”
“Yeah, I did.  I told him it's what we were arguing about.  Phaelan all but froze.  When he regained normal function he asked me to repeat everything I'd heard word for word.  He said that since Marbellia didn't mention anything specific, things will probably work out fine.  
“I asked Phaelan if he knew what you needed to remember.  He said that whatever it is, it's locked away in your childhood memories.  Marbellia wouldn't tell him anymore than that.”
“How does Marbellia know so much about my childhood?” I asked.
“I asked him that, too,” Ray confirmed.  “You already know about the connection you and Marbellia share.  Well, Marbellia's gone through every experience you've gone through.  The good and the bad.  He said, it's hard to explain and harder to understand.”
“No, I think, maybe I do.  So does Marbellia know what it is that I'm forgetting?”
“Phaelan believes she does, but she's forbidden from interfering with your path.  That’s when he gave me that crap about destiny.  All I understood is that we may never get back home.”
It felt like someone just knocked the wind out of me.  My answer to this riddle was sitting across from me at breakfast, and I couldn’t even ask her about it.
“Ray, you can't blame Marbellia for something she can't control.  Are you saying you want her to tell me what I'm not seeing?  You want to be stuck here forever?”
“Well, when you put it that way...”
“Then let's get back in there, and I expect that you'll behave like a decent human being.”
Standing on tip toes, I rumpled his hair on the way back in.  Laughter from the others could be heard floating down the hallway but immediately ceased as we entered the kitchen.
“I'm sorry we interrupted breakfast,” I apologized. 
“Um, yeah,” Ray agreed.  “Marbellia, I apologize for my rude behavior earlier.”
“Quite understandable, Ray.  I am not sure how I would react if I were in your situation,” Marbellia graciously accepted.  “Now, you asked me a question before you left, and I am afraid only Alison can give you the answer.  However, one of you may have the clue she is looking for.”
I slunk back down into my chair, another dead end.  Another day of mind games.  I've gone over the game in my head a thousand times.  It was just a silly game that kids play when they're little.  There weren't any set rules, and it changed every time we got together just like make-believe games are supposed to do.
“Lynn, what you were saying before Alison and Ray left isn't quite right,” Maddie commented between bites.  “Yesterday was the best fencing you've ever done.  You've never blocked so many of my moves before.  I thought you were awesome.”
“I didn't feel awesome,” Lynn admitted.  “It still felt just like being at home.  I was your unlucky, practice partner who got in a lucky shot now and then.”
“Maddie's right,” Ray chimed in.  “I was impressed.  Who knows?  Maybe with some practice, you'll be just as good as your sister.”
“Don't hold your breath,” Lynn mumbled.
“Ray's right,” Marbellia agreed.  “I would like the three of you to go up to the training camp with Phaelan and Marcus.  I have a hunch that there may be some other latent talents just waiting to be discovered.  Let us see if they can coax them out of you.  Alison and I need to talk for a bit.”
I couldn't believe that Phaelan had snuck in without me noticing.  I thought I'd at least had some kind of sixth sense where he was concerned, but my mind was a mess of disorganized thoughts.  Phaelan came over and knelt down by my chair.  My pulse was racing, and I could feel everyone watching us.
“I will be thinking of you the whole time,” he whispered.  
His lips brushed against my ear, and my cheeks were burning.  Lynn and Maddie had huge smiles on their faces as they left.  If they hadn't suspected anything before, they certainly did now.  Ray just rolled his eyes and quietly followed behind them.
Once the group had gone, Marbellia turned her attention back to me.  She was much more casual today.  Gone was the fancy dress and replaced with some riding clothes.  She looked a lot like the girl who came to my dorm.  
That day seemed like a lifetime ago now.  I wondered if I would ever see my old life again.  I shook my head, quickly driving the thought from my mind.  There was no time to think about it right now.
“Let us walk in the garden,” she suggested.  “I know you do not know me all that well, but I know you.  From the day your Nana gave you the bell, we have been connected.  I have shared in all your joys and in your pain.”
I stopped dead in my tracks.  My defenses were up out of pure instinct.  If Ray hadn't already warned me about this, I may have bolted.  Marbellia put her hand on my arm and continued.
“It is hard to explain.  I cannot hear your thoughts, but I feel you inside my heart, like intuition.  If you are happy, I feel it.  If you are hurting, my heart is breaking as well.  I have a good sense of what is making you happy or sad but not the specifics.”
I started to relax a little.  Strange as it sounded, I believed what she was saying.  I've always felt like there was someone else looking out for me, my guardian angel.  It always gave me comfort, especially when I was little.
“If you're here to help, then please tell me what I must do.” 
“We both have our own destinies to fulfill.  I was sent to bring you here.  You in turn brought Ray, Lynn, and Maddie.”
“So the answer does lie within a child's game.” 
“The answer lies within you.  I know you are questioning more than just your game.  You are questioning your Nana's decision in giving you the Unicorn Bell.  You are doubting she made the right choice.”
“How do you know?”
“I told you, intuition.  I feel everything you feel at the exact moment you feel it.”
“You do?”  My eyes grew wide and my cheeks burned.  
Marbellia smiled.  “As I told you, I only know what you are feeling.  I cannot tell what you are thinking.  I know how you feel about Phaelan.  You worry about being from another place and how that complicates things for the two of you; it only makes sense.  I also know you cannot worry about so many things that are out of your control.  
“You need to have faith that things will work out as they should, and more importantly faith in yourself.  When you find what you are searching for, you will know.
“Now let us start with something we can control, your memories.  Tell me again about your game.”
“In our game, I was you,” I began.  “I ruled a make-believe world where Ray and Lynn and eventually Maddie were my protectors.  We never played the same game twice.  It changed, depending on our moods or what we watched on TV.  
“I don't quite see how I fit into your world.  Ray, Lynn, and Maddie, I can almost understand, but I used to pretend to be you.  Now here we are, in a world we thought existed only in our imaginations.  I can't be you in this world because you're you.  So where does that leave me?”
“Let us walk some more,” Marbellia motioned.  “I can understand your concern.  Let me assure you first and foremost, all of you are important. Otherwise you would not be here.  When your Nana gave you the bell, she entrusted you with a powerful gift.  Stop denying what is and open yourself up.  The answers you seek will find you.”
“Okay,” I answered hesitantly. Another cryptic message I didn't quite get. “So help me out.  You said the bells had such power they've been kept apart for all these years.  Mine doesn't look any different now than it did when it was at home.  Why bring them back together? ”
“The power does not lay within the bells so much as those who guard them.  Right now that would be you and me.  When you played your games, you believed in magic as every child does.  The only difference being, your games were magical.  You were projecting your power through our connection, which gave me the added power I needed to defeat our enemies.”
“That can't be.  I didn't have any power.  We were just kids, doing what kids do.”
“So you keep saying.  I need you to believe again.  Your power is locked inside your memories.”
“I don't understand anything about this power?”
“The Ivory Magyck.  It is the oldest and strongest Magyck left in our world.  We both possess it.  When used together, our abilities are magnified.  We can even summon Serenity herself.  The most powerful and most revered being in our world.”
“A unicorn,” I whispered.  “I'd love to see one.  Have you ever seen her?”
Marbellia shook her head.  
“Unicorns are noble creatures, full of wisdom and goodness.  But they can also be fierce adversaries.  Their horns are the hardest substance in our world.  Harder than your diamonds.  They can pierce through armor as if it were made of cheese.  To be kicked by their hooves would be a kick of death.  Their horns also allow them invisibility.  In a fight against a unicorn, you are sure to be on the losing end.
“Some say, they are the origin of the Ivory Magyck.   As you know, it was Serenity who allowed one bell to be guarded by Alfred in your world.  I believe it is Serenity who has called for the power to be reunited.”
“If you've never seen a unicorn, how do you know they still exist?” I asked.
“You do not need to see something to believe in its existence.” 
As I looked into the western horizon, the most regal beast reared on its hind legs.  Her silvery white mane and tail were blowing in the breeze.  Her sleek, crimson red body was rippled with muscles.  The spiraling ivory horn in the center of her head sparkled in the sunlight.  She was graceful, yet fearsome.  Her impressive size made even the most prized Stallion seem like a Shetland pony.  Those piercing, black eyes looked right through me as she faded away.
Moments passed before a word was spoken. 
“Did we just see who I think we saw?” I finally asked.  “That was the most beautiful and most frightening animal I've ever seen.  She's nothing like the pictures we have back home.”
“Unicorns in our world are a force to be reckoned with, but more importantly, respected.  That was Serenity.  She heard us talking and came to introduce herself.”
“How do you know that?”  
“Because I can hear the animals.  They may not be able to communicate with us like you would think, but they do speak.  She also wants you to know that she believes in you.”
“Great, just what I need.  More pressure.”
 


Chapter 7
What's a Fabrentiser?

The day couldn't have been more perfect.  The sweet fragrance of apple blossoms greeted me as I walked through the garden, and I was filled with excitement for no apparent reason.  Lynn, Maddie, and Ray were just ahead, and I called out to them.   
Stopping to touch the fountain, the sun began playing peek-a-boo with some approaching clouds.  It caught my attention because of the rapid pace at which the clouds were moving.  I was about to comment on my observation to the others, but I could no longer see them.  Darkness was falling, and I knew we were in trouble.   
Branches snapped behind me sending me into a panic.  No matter how fast I ran, I couldn't get back to the palace fast enough.
I sat up in bed gasping for breath and trying to get my head on straight.  My dreams were getting worse.  No longer were we children in Nana's backyard, but we were here in Castine.  I had the sickest feeling that things were about to take a turn for the worse.  With my elbows on my knees and my head in my hands, I remained still just listening to the sounds of my own breath.  The faintest hint of sunlight was breaking through a gap in the curtains.  With no hope for sleep, I decided an early morning walk may take my mind off things. 
The garden was so beautiful this time of day.  Glistening with the morning dew, most of the flowers were still in a state of slumber.  I bent down to smell the most beautiful pink rose I had ever seen.  Closing my eyes, I drank in its wet fragrance.  
A subtle rustling behind me, grabbed my full attention.  Frozen to the rose, a chill ran down my spine and goose bumps covered my arms.  The hairs on the back of my neck stood up, and I was petrified to turn around.  It was my dream all over again, minus the rush of darkness.  
I fought the desire to run.  Instead, I forced myself to casually walk towards the palace, never looking back.  The sound continued to follow me.  I quickened my pace, but the terrace was still several hundred yards away.  
When the flower bed next to me swayed unnaturally, panic set in.  My legs turned to Jell-O and wouldn't move as fast as I wanted them to.  I thought I was going to be sick.
As my life flashed before my eyes, the most adorable creature sprang from between the rosebushes.  He was nothing more than a two-foot ball of gray fur.  He walked mainly on his hind legs and had the cutest teardrop-shaped head with tuft of fur growing to a point, matching blue eyes, a black button nose and heart shaped mouth.  
“Ahhhh,” I said as I crumpled to the ground, my heartbeat returning to a normal rhythm.  “You scared me half to death.”  
The little guy jumped right into my lap making the funniest sounds.  I couldn't help but to laugh.  I picked him up and began walking again.
“Aren't you adorable?  I wonder what you are.”
“He is a Fabrentiser.”  
Even the annoyance in Phaelan’s tone couldn't keep my heart from missing a beat.
“Oh.”  I looked up.  “He's the cutest thing!  How come I've never seen one before?”
“He knows better than to come around the guests,” Phaelan said tersely staring right down at him.  “Fabrentisers are mischievous little creatures who like to play tricks on people.  They can distort the images we see and are very annoying.  Thankfully, his powers are weak so he needs to be fairly close to you.”
“Is this why you're back there?” I laughed.  As if in answer to my question, Phaelan resembled a cartoon character.  His body became so small and his head was huge with pointy ears.  I laughed even harder and kissed the little guy on the head.  “I can see the feeling is mutual.  Does he have a name?”  
“I cannot say.”
“Hmm,” I studied the little guy.  He had a habit of closing his right eye.  “Can I call you Winkens?”  
He smiled.  
“I think he understands me,” I laughed and touched his black button nose.
Phaelan rolled his eyes.  “He understands you all right.  You have no idea what you are getting yourself into.”
Winkens got down out of my arms and went over to Phaelan.  
“Cut that out!” Phaelan yelled.
“What did he do?”  
“Nothing I care to repeat.  I will only say, he likes you too.  Now would you mind telling me what you are doing out here all alone at this hour?”
“I could ask you the same question.  I thought you weren't a morning person,” I teased.
“I am not,” he grumbled.  “But not much goes on around here without my knowledge.  I thought I told you not to go off on your own anymore.”
“Oh, I'm sorry.  I thought I was plenty safe enough here in the garden.”
“I would have agreed with you, but look what you managed to find,” he glared at Winkens.  “And I will rest easier if I am not worrying about you.”
“I didn't mean to make you worry.  I couldn't sleep.  I think my time is running out.  And you weren’t up early, you haven’t been to bed yet.  Have you?”
Phaelan came over and raised my chin until I looked into his gorgeous, Caribbean blue eyes.  A peacefulness washed over me, and I wished we could've stayed that way all day.
“Whatever happens, I am glad we had this time together,” Phaelan assured me.  “Whatever happens, I am not going down without a fight.  Castine is not going down without a fight.  This is our land, our freedom, our way of life.  Come with me later today and see for yourself.”
“Yeah, I think I will,” I agreed.  “Um, Ray told me there is something out there, an animal.  Villagers are missing.  How dangerous is this?”
“We are very concerned.  I will not lie to you.  It is one of the reasons I am so protective of you.  With this unknown creature roaming about and the Lugwarts changing their patterns, we have reason for alarm.”
I shuddered just thinking about those missing people.  I was glad Phaelan's arm was around me.  He drew me in closer.
“You think this is the reason we were brought here?”
“It is a good possibility.  We have no proof of anything sinister happening to anyone.  All of this may be pure coincidence.”
His voice didn't sound so reassuring.  We'd reached the back terrace, and Phaelan stopped to stare at me with a look of disgust on his face.   
“What are you doing with that thing?” 
“I'm taking him with me.”  
“He cannot enter the palace.” 
“How about I take him in?  If Marbellia says he's got to go, then he's got to go.  You really don't like him, do you?”  
“Let us just say he has played one too many jokes on me over the years,” Phaelan eyed Winkens.  “I will find you later and take you to the training camp.”
“Are you saying that I can't walk over there on my own either?”  
“Did you not hear a word I just said?”  He smiled as he kissed my cheek.  
“I'll take that as a no!” I called after him.  
I bumped into the rest of the group as soon as I reached the staircase.
“What is that adorable creature you have?” Maddie cooed over the railing.
“Guys, I'd like you to meet Winkens.  He's a Fabrentiser.”  
“Winkens!”  Maddie shrieked.  He jumped out of my arms and ran over to her.  “What's a Fabrentiser?”
“According to Phaelan, he's a mischievous little devil.  The two of them aren't on the best of terms.  Winkens is a bit of an illusionist.  You should've seen how funny he made Phaelan look.”
“Can he do that for me?” Maddie asked.
“If he wants to,” I shrugged.
“That's cool!” Maddie exclaimed staring right at Lynn and Ray.  “How does he do that?”
“What's cool?” Lynn asked.
“Uh nothing,” Maddie replied.
Ray and Lynn walked on ahead of us into the kitchen.  They were deep in some conversation about their plans for the day.  
“This little guy must get a sense of people and be able to project that image,” Maddie whispered.
“How do you mean?” I asked.
“Well, we both know that my sister has a thing for your brother, right?  Winkens showed me the two of them with their lips touching and hearts exploding all around them.  How would he know that?” 
“Maybe you're right,” I agreed.
Ray, Lynn, and Maddie took off for the training camp as soon as breakfast was over.  As promised, I waited for Phaelan to escort me.  I almost felt like a prisoner, but at the same time, it was kind of romantic.  Just thinking about spending the afternoon with Phaelan made my heart skip a beat and set my cheeks to burning.  
Winkens and I went back to my room.  He was a fabulous little creature, showing me all sorts of wonderful places.  He didn't just distort images.  New illusions were all around me.  I think he was showing me places he's been to.  I don't think Phaelan had ever really given him a fair chance.  
Time passed by quickly, and before I knew it, there was a knock at the door.  The Mountain View faded away.  There stood Phaelan, morphed back into the same ridiculous form he was earlier.
“Winkens, please.”  I tried not to giggle.  
The illusion disappeared, and Phaelan became the gorgeous man that always made my heart flutter.  I jumped up from the couch to meet him.
“I see you are still keeping bad company,” Phaelan said as he put his arms around my waist.
“You need to give him a chance.  He's much more intelligent than you've given him credit for.” 
I threw my arms around his neck and gave him a long kiss.  I could hear Winkens sputtering sounds of disapproval.  
“You'd better get used to each other, or you'll find yourself back in the garden.”  I playfully scolded Winkens.
“Now that is the most sensible thing you have said all day,” Phaelan grinned.
He took my hand as we left my room.  There were no secret passages this time.  Elidon was waiting for us at the bottom of the steps.  
“What about Winkens?” I asked looking down at the fur ball beside me.
Phaelan wrinkled his brow and said, “Look, your new pet has been doing just fine on his own for all these years.  I am not going to say that he cannot come with us, but he can get there on his own.”
Winkens seemed to have no objections.  I was amazed by how quickly he could move for one so small.  
Along the way, Phaelan pointed out the different defenses of the palace.  He was right.  In case of attack, they were well prepared.  I had never noticed how many guards patrolled the roof tops.  Their ivory tunics allowed them to blend into their surroundings.
When we reached the training grounds, I let out a gasp.  There were hundreds of soldiers in earth tone tunics practicing drills and scaling obstacle courses.  This camp was similar to a modern day boot camp but on a more medieval scale.  
“I assume you to be impressed by what you see?” Phaelan asked.
“Oh yes!” I answered.  “I wish you’d taken me here sooner.”
“I did not want you to feel overwhelmed.  We are preparing for war, and that in and of itself can be frightening.” 
“I understand, but seeing all of this also takes away some of the pressure I've put upon myself.  From the moment I got here, I've felt like everyone was waiting for me to do something spectacular, and I still don't know what that something is.  I know I have a job to do don't get me wrong, but this puts things into perspective.”  
 “You were brought here to help, not save us all.  Come.  Let me show you around.” 
We stopped close to where two men were fencing.  Because they were wearing protective gear, I couldn't tell who they were.  One of the men was particularly fast.  He could out maneuver his opponent within minutes.  One by one, each of the other soldiers tried their luck with him.  One by one, they were defeated.
“He's awesome,” I marveled.  “Obviously too tall to be Maddie.”
“Quite right.  It is Marcus,” Phaelan replied.  “Now you can see why Marbellia chose him as her Captain of the Guard.  His troops have the utmost respect for him.  He has quick reflexes and a keen mind for battle.”
When Marcus finished, he instructed the group to practice among themselves and walked over to us.  
“Phaelan, I was not expecting you today.  Have you come to brush up on your skills?” Marcus goaded, grabbing Phaelan's arm just under the elbow.  Even their hand shake was outdated.
Phaelan laughed.  “I am not here to be humiliated by you.  Alison wanted to see what all the fuss has been about.  Ray, Lynn, and Maddie have been full of stories, especially Maddie.”
“Do not let this guy fool you,” Marcus warned waving his finger.  “Phaelan is a fierce warrior in his own right but much too modest.”
“Alison!” Maddie yelled.
She was walking across the field in some pretty fancy gear with her sword held high.  She was so small compared to the men. Yet she seemed oblivious to this fact.  She took up a defensive position against her opponent and the match ensued.
Maddie was even better than she was that day in the palace.  Her skills had greatly improved if that was even possible.  The way she moved was seamless, almost like a graceful dancer.  At the same time, she was so quick.  It left her opponent disoriented.  He wasn't sure if she were coming or going.
Marcus excused himself and went over to challenge Maddie.  You could see from the smile on her face that she welcomed the competition.  When both were ready, they tapped swords, and the dance began again.  Each went on the defensive, slowly circling, but Maddie became impatient and moved in.  The clanging of metal echoed throughout the field.
As the match progressed, it became clear.  Marcus had been holding back in his earlier demonstration.  I thought he was awesome before. Now he was on fire.  Maddie was definitely quicker, but Marcus exuded confidence and experience.  Anticipating what she would do, he stopped her cold more than once.  However, Maddie's aerial ability was second to none.  I think she was probably surprising even herself.  
Eventually, Maddie's sword went flying and stuck in the ground some distance away.  Marcus and Maddie shook hands and came to join us.  I'd never seen Maddie looking so happy and so in need of a shower at the same time.  
“Maddie, you were great,” I marveled.
“Thanks, but not good enough,” she answered.
“Maddie, you are the fastest swordsman I have ever met.  With a little more training, you could be unstoppable,” Marcus counseled.  “What do I keep telling you?”
“I know.  I know,” Maddie grumbled.
“You need to learn patience.  Never lose your focus.  Expose your opponent's weakness.”
“Patience was never one of her virtues,” I winked.   “Have you guys seen Lynn and Ray?” 
“Probably went out to the target range.  Ray said something about shooting a bow,” Maddie pointed her sword towards a field ahead of us.
“We will head that way,” Phaelan grabbed Elidon’s reigns and we started walking. 
Maddie decided to tag along, and chatted excitedly about her training.  We weren't having any luck finding them, and I was growing impatient.  
“Ray, where are you?” I said in a normal voice.  
“Alison!” Ray waved, walking towards us eating a huge sandwich.
“I thought you were with Lynn.”
“Not sure where she’s gotten to,” he answered shoving huge bites into his mouth.
“There she is,” Maddie said pointing across the open field. “Hey, Lynn!”
“Hey, guys!” Lynn yelled skipping towards us.  
“Lynn!” I heard my brother scream dropping his sandwich.
Out of the corner of my eye, I saw Phaelan pick up a shield, but Ray was already in front of us with Lynn in his arms.
“Ray, what did you just do?” I asked in disbelief at what I saw or didn’t see.  It was beyond words.
“I don't know.”  Ray looked astonished.
“Phaelan, what's the shield for?” I was still confused.
“Apparently nothing anymore,” he smiled and tossed it aside.
Ray was still holding onto Lynn, who was also in a state of confusion.
“Lynn, Ray just saved your life,” Phaelan pointed back where Lynn had been.
Peeking around my brother, it all made sense.  The field Lynn was running through was now littered with arrows.  Neither Ray, nor Lynn had a scratch on them.  Lynn turned pale white as the realization settled in.
“Ray, how did you get her so fast?” I was still in shock and amazement just like the rest.
“I'm not sure.  Seeing all those arrows flying through the air, I didn't think twice.”
“Do you think you can do it again?” Phaelan asked skeptically.
Ray shrugged and was gone, leaving nothing behind but a gust of wind.  It was as if he'd disappeared.  A few seconds later, he was back again with the same intensity.
“That was so cool!” he said, excitedly.  “See that mountain up there?  Ran to the top and back.”
“Ray this is amazing.  We need to see Marbellia right away.”  Phaelan slapped his shoulder.  “First I must inform Marcus of your new discovery and be on our way.”
“No need,” Marcus said, jogging up behind us.  “Phaelan has always been the fastest man around here, but never have I seen anything like what you just did.  This new ability of yours will be a huge advantage against our enemies.”
With that, our group shook hands with Marcus and headed back.  Winkens ran excitedly between my legs while Phaelan walked Elidon.  Ray was almost giddy.  I'd never seen him so excited about anything before, not even on Christmas morning.  He kept dashing off and coming back.  All you could feel was the stiff breeze he left behind.  
He'd make silly comments like, “I've already been to the palace and back, and you've hardly walked three steps.”
In the time it took us to arrive at the palace, Ray had come and gone a dozen times or more.
“Glad to see you settling into your new ability,” I laughed.  “Lynn should really be thanking her lucky stars that you can do what you did.”
“Where is Lynn anyway?” Ray asked staring at each one of us.
We all began looking at each other, worry crept into our faces with our silent admission. 
“Alison,” was all Maddie could say as the tears welled up in her eyes, and she was more than worried.  She was fearful. 
Before I could answer her, Ray spoke up.
“I'm going back to look for her!” 
“No, Ray!  Allow me.  It may be dangerous,” Phaelan hadn’t even finished his warning before Ray was gone. 
Phaelan gave me a look and before I could stop him from chasing after Ray, he too was gone in a snap.  
Left alone, Maddie and I exchanged glances and took off running back the way we came.  Riding Elidon would have been quicker, but we were both intimidated by his size.  He and Winkens stayed where we left them, and I didn't give it another thought.
As we ran back, I was trying to recall the last time I had seen Lynn.  I know she left camp with us, but she had been lagging behind a little.  I hadn't thought much about it at the time, but now I couldn't remember the last time I'd noticed her around.   
She'd been very quiet since the whole rescuing thing.  I know she got a little bent out of shape the other day when Maddie kept going on about her abilities, but I can't imagine she'd just run off with this new discovery of Ray’s.  
She was grateful to him, regardless of how he saved her.  Something just didn't feel right, and I willed my feet to run faster.  However, after witnessing Ray's and Phaelan's effortless departure, I just felt uncoordinated.  Even Maddie could run faster than me.  We were halfway back to camp, and I was gasping for air.
Rounding the next bend, Ray and Phaelan were standing on the edge of the most intimidating woods I’ve ever seen.  They were perfectly well rested, which I secretly resented.  Marcus was also arriving with a small group of his men.
“What's going on?” I demanded. “Has something happened?”
“Lynn's tracks lead into Brushwood,” Phaelan told me.  “Ray’s already been up to Marcus for help.  He and I are taking some of his men and going in after her.  Word is being sent to Marbellia, and word will be sent back as soon as we know anything.”  
He kissed my cheek and lifted my chin with his finger.  My eyes were filled with tears as I looked up into those gorgeous, Caribbean blue eyes.  He was looking back at me with such an intense look of confidence that my knees almost buckled underneath the weight of his stare.
“We are going to find her.”  
 



Preview:

Castine

Reflection
Part 2

Heather Welch


 
Chapter 8
A Night to Remember


Pacing back and forth near the entrance to Brushwood, I was growing impatient and tired of waiting for any kind of word to be sent back on Lynn. An anxiety I couldn’t quite explain was building inside of me just waiting to burst free.  All I knew for sure was being totally cut off from a guy I was growing closer to each day in a world so different from my own wasn’t helping anything.  Back home, I could just pick up a cell phone and find out what was going on but here nothing but time.  At the moment, all I could do was stand on the sidelines and drive myself crazy 
A small command post had been set up a ways back from where I was waging war with myself.  Marbellia was there with Maddie and a few of the top officers no doubt discussing a backup plan.  I should have been up there, but I needed to pull myself together first.  
“I should’ve been paying more attention.  If I hadn’t been so focused on showing off my new ability, I would’ve heard Lynn go into those woods,” Ray startled me from behind.  I didn’t even hear him approaching.
“This wasn’t your fault.”  
“All of a sudden, I became one of those guys.  The self-absorbed ones I’ve despised my whole life, and now Lynn is missing.”  Ray took over pacing where I’d left off.  He was completely wrapped up in his own guilt.
“Alison is right.  You do not know if the outcome would have been any different,” Marbellia commented as she and Maddie came walking towards us.  “You cannot feel guilty over what is already done.  With so many sounds going on around you, you would have had to have been incredibly focused to notice when Lynn had strayed off. 
“From what I have been told, it looks like she entered Brushwood of her own free will and unaccompanied.  If a struggle had ensued, you can be sure you would have noticed, no matter what you were doing.  I am certain they will find her.”
“What exactly is Brushwood?” I asked looking back into the woods.
“Castine’s oldest and most sacred forest.  It extends all the way to the edge of our kingdom.  Most people shy away just because of the sheer size of the trees.  The further in you go, the harder it becomes to navigate.  If you are unfamiliar with the landscape, you can easily lose your way.  
“The problem we face now is we are losing daylight.  With the thick canopy of vegetation, it is hard enough to see when the sun is shining brightly never mind as it begins to set.”
Maddie let out a small gasp and put her hand over her mouth.  Her eyes were brimming with tears.  I gave her a tight hug, but there was nothing I could say.  
“I have every confidence that your sister will be found safely,” Marbellia consoled putting a hand on Maddie’s shoulder.  “Marcus knows these woods better than anyone else.  He has trained many of his men in the lay of the land, and his best men are with him now.  He also has Phaelan; and when it comes to tracking, there is no equal.”
Watching Marbellia with Maddie, I noticed how much older and wiser she appeared.  It made me wonder again about her true age.  She led Maddie towards the tent offering her a hot tea to help her relax.
My nerves were on edge, to the point where I could no longer take it.  I’d worn a deep enough path into the manicured lawn. Looking around I didn’t see Ray anywhere, but a soldier caught my attention.  He was looking left and right as he made his way towards the woods.  I followed the suspicious man and watched him drop his shield against a tree and take off his sword.  At first it didn’t register, but once I figured out that his only crime was being stupid as he went about his business with nature, I grabbed his sword and began running in the other direction.  The direction Phaelan and Marcus took to go find Lynn,
“What do you think you’re doing?” Ray asked, grabbing my arm and stopping me dead in my tracks.
He’d startled me, but I tried not to show it.  Instead I gave him attitude and pulled away. 
“I can’t sit here any longer.  I have to do something.” 
“And just what do you think you’re going to do?”  He looked down at the sword I had in my hand.  “Tell me, you don’t plan on using it.”
“I know. I know,” I groaned.  “But you can’t tell me you aren’t tired of sitting here.”
He rolled his eyes, and I punched his arm.  I looked at my brother in a totally different light.  “You’ve been out looking for Lynn.” 
“Not the whole time,” he grinned.  “I got the lecture from Phaelan before you and Maddie arrived.  He warned me about the danger these woods could hold.  And how he’d feel better if I stayed here and looked after you.  I know he was just giving me the brush-off.  Besides, I’ve only taken quick trips.  She’s family.  Did you honestly think I could stay here and do nothing?”
“Then you know how I feel.  I’ve got to look for her.”
“Okay, fine.  But I’m coming with you.  Just let me give Maddie the heads-up.  I don’t want her freaking out when she finds us gone, too.  She’s already going through enough”
I agreed to stay put, but as soon as Ray was out of sight, I got to thinking.  I was sure Maddie would want to come, too.  Even worse would be if Marbellia got wind of it and put a stop to the whole trip.  I circled my fingers around my weapon and walked further into Brushwood.
Even though we’d been given the rundown, it didn’t sink in before.  Some things you’ve just got to see to believe.  The young trees quickly gave way to an older landscape.  Only narrow rays of sunlight broke through the green ceiling.  
Some of the tree trunks were wider than my SUV, and moss covered the large overlapping roots rising up from the ground.  The trail that I’d been following was quickly swallowed up.  It didn’t take long to figure out that I was lost.
Taking in a three sixty didn’t shake out one a familiar landmark.  Looking up gave no indication of the sun’s position.  Instant regret flooded every fiber of my being.  Phaelan was going to kill me for this solo excursion.
I found the green eyed monster of jealousy to be a lonely companion.  If only I had Ray’s super hearing, I’d find some voices to follow.  Even his speed would lead me to a better place than this.  I’d settle for Maddie’s skill with a sword right about now.  It looks like I may need it if I’m going to survive the night out here.  I looked at the blade in my hands and clumsily sliced through the air.  
What did I think I was going to do with it?  When it came to me and anything physical, I was a mess.  Bike riding and roller skating were the extent of my athletics.  Thinking of my high school P.E. class always made me cringe.  Being picked last was the only consistency I had; it didn’t matter what the sport.
The sound of branches rustling whipped me back to the present.  Still, something inside told me not to call out as I listened for any other sounds.  These woods had me pretty freaked out.
“Alison!” I was grabbed from behind. 

###
 


Dear Reader,

Thank you for reading my book.  If you enjoyed reading it, won’t you take a moment to leave a review with your favorite retailer and social media site? 

Until we chat again,
Heather Welch
@heatherwelchnovels   

 



Author’s Page

Heather Welch is a native Rhode Islander now living in the South raising two Southern Belles.  She’s been writing stories since she learned to form sentences, and her mother proudly displayed her first one, The Farmer and The Bunny, on their refrigerator.

With writing being her main passion, you won’t often find a pen and paper far from her reach. She can often be found, journal in hand, anywhere from seaside to sofa. Life’s precious moments are far too valuable not to capture on paper.
  
Castine is being released in four sequences. They say write what you know, which is exactly what transpired. The idea came to Ms. Welch from an imaginary game played as a child with her own brother and sister back when summer afternoons were filled with magic, monsters, secret powers and faraway places. The book took on a life of its own, and the words flowed freely onto the pages. 

Each character holds a special meaning for her, and she hopes some will for you as well. If you’ve enjoyed reading as much as she’s enjoyed writing, she’d love to hear from you via your preferred social connection.

### 



Connect with Heather Welch:

Goodreads
http://www.goodreads.com/heatherwelch

Facebook
http://www.facebook.com/HeatherWelchNovels

Twitter
http://www.twitter.com/heatherwelch_

Instagram
http://www.instagram.com/heatherwelchnovels

Website
http://heatherwelchnovels.wixsite.com/heatherwelch

Blog
http://heatherwelchnovels.wixsite.com/heatherwelch/blog

Email
mailto:HeatherWelchNovels@gmail.com

Smashwords
https://www.smashwords.com/profile/view/heatherwelch
