
CAT-HOG

by David J. Wighton

Book #30 in the Wilizy Series

Smashwords Edition

Copyright 2021, David J. Wighton

This e-book is licensed for your personal enjoyment only. This e-book may not be re-sold or given away to other people. If you would like to share this book with another person, please purchase an additional copy for each recipient. If you’re reading this book and did not purchase it, or it was not purchased for your use only, then please return to your favorite retailer and purchase your own copy. 
Although this e-book might be sold at no cost to the reader at times, I retain ownership of the copyright and may elect to charge a small amount for its purchase at times. 
Thank you for respecting my copyright. 
Acknowledgements


Cover design by Rita Toews at E-Book Covers, East St. Paul, Manitoba.

Images from René A. Da Rin@ pixabay and Gerhard Bogner@ pixabay

Non-Wilizy Characters in this Book

Heaven
• 	Guinny, Galahad, Lillian, Keely, Shields, Meghan, and Joe-Joe. 

Angelion 
• 	Ritchit, Zelda/Julia, and K-Lit. 
•	Asmodeus is known as 'Lucky.' His 'friend' is Sugar Smacks.

Dionysus
• Aphrodite.
• Oldsmobile (Lucifus' consulate officer). 

Lucifus
• Burger King, Colgate Dental.

Hell 
• Satan, Asmodeus.

Cosmos 
• Justice and Harry.

This page is to help you if you get confused about who is who in the story. If that happens, click your way back to the Table of Contents and scroll back one page. 
Table of Contents
Preface
Chapter 1
Chapter 2
Chapter 3
Chapter 4 
Chapter 5 
Chapter 6 
Chapter 7
Chapter 8
Chapter 9
Chapter 10 
Chapter 11 
Chapter 12 
Chapter 13 
Chapter 14 
Chapter 15 
Chapter 16 
Chapter 17 
Chapter 18 
Chapter 19 
Chapter 20 
Chapter 21 
Chapter 22 
Chapter 23 
Chapter 24 
Chapter 25 
Chapter 26 
Chapter 27 
Chapter 28 
Chapter 29 
Chapter 30
Chapter 31
Chapter 32
Chapter 33
Chapter 34
Books in the Wilizy Series
About the Author: David J. Wighton
Preface

Preface: In the previous book, Zelda/Julia (Asmodeus' daughter) was safely spirited away to Angelion where she began living with Ritchit and K-Lit. With the help of Karita, who impersonated Zelda, Winnie proved that Asmodeus was guilty of numerous violations of the Heaven/Hell treaty. Harry ruled that he had to provide financial support for the SOADs who were now on Angelion. At the time, Asmodeus didn't realize what Winnie had done to him. This book starts in Hell. It is a week after the previous book ended. Asmodeus is out for revenge.

Back to the Table of Contents

Chapter 1

"This basement vault in the Black House is the most secure room in all of Hell," Satan declared. "Why are we here?"
"You know that I've been looking for the spawn that Heaven took away from us."
"The spawn that they took away from you," Satan corrected. "I also know that you embarrassed Hell with your mortal kidnappings and murders."
"I thought that you might be thinking about retiring me and taking all my wealth for your own."
"I'm considering it. Normal devils face consequences for serious mistakes. Why shouldn't the great Asmodeus?"
"I know how to hurt Heaven in a major way and they'll never know that Hell was involved." 
"Is it a violation of the Heaven/Hell treaty?"
"Of course it is. But I'll take full responsibility if I fail. You can claim that I went rogue. I won't contradict you." 
"And in return?"
"If I succeed, I keep my wealth, I get larger horns, and I replace Ponzi as your Chief of Staff. He's been losing a lot of cases at the Cosmos level."
"This last one wasn't his fault. It was your fault."
"The size of the award was excessive. He doesn't know how to negotiate. Did you ask for a copy of the proceedings?"
"Yes."
"And what did you think if his negotiating skills?"
"I thought that the Guinevere angel tied him in knots."
"I can arrange for you to meet her in person down in this very vault. You'll enjoy the meeting. She won't."
 # # # # # # # # 
"That MescalMeth lab in Arizona is only the tip of the iceberg," General Jock warned. [Jock was old enough to remember that icebergs used to exist, although he himself had never seen one.] "The chemmies are taking advantage of the lack of law and order in general to hook a growing number of young people onto drugs. Once the chemmies get momentum, they'll start selling in the cities that have restored law and order and drag them down again. The world went through this before. We can't let it happen again."
"If local authorities don't have the capacity to stop it, we need to step in," Doc supported Jock's argument."
"The difficulty is in the application of justice. We can catch them but the laws are inadequate to prosecute them in most jurisdictions. We will have to be the ones to apply the justice." Hank added his voice to the one sided debate so far. "Is everybody OK with that?"
"Why are you looking at Yolanda and me?" Granny asked. "Both of us are in favor of a war on chemmies."
"Will this be a full family operation?" Melissa asked. 
"I think not," Hank said. "Slow and steady will win this war."
"Do I have the executive's approval?" Jock asked.
"Yes, Jock," Granny approved.
"I'll get the planning started."
"Who will be in charge, Jock?"
"Before I answer that, I have something else to discuss with you."
 # # # # # # # # 
It's still November 24, 2094. Asmodeus and Satan were continuing their conversation. 
"Did you find the spawn when they left the PUS station in London?"
"No. The spawn should have been obvious, especially since they had to travel as a group with an attendant. They didn't come out of any of the public exits from the London Hospital. I had demons watching those exits. Since then, I have had devils reviewing all of the nearby hornocratic cameras. I didn't expect to see the spawn. I believe Heaven adopted them."
"Did the devils at the sorting station see them?"
"No. There was no surge in the number of angels lifting souls out of the line. This means that somebody must have transported them directly from London into Heaven, bypassing the sorting station. Those spawn are in angel bodies right now and they have no memories or handicaps."
"What about your daughter?"
"That's where it gets interesting. Zelda was not with the spawn when I took them to London. She was with the spawn earlier when she made that tape that Ponzie saw, but she disappeared after that. Her routine for entering and leaving Hell was always straightforward. When she entered Hell, a guard at the security gates accompanied her around the security gate and gave her some knee high gumboots. After that, she entered Hell and went wherever she wanted to go in mortal form. When she wanted to leave Hell, the routine was reversed. But entering or leaving always involved a guard at the security gates giving her gum boots to keep her feet clean."
"Was SinSin-atti the only entry point she could use?"
"Yes. My internal security camera recorded her entering her apartment on Sunday November 14. She was there for about one minute. Guards at the border remembered her entering and leaving." 
"What was she doing in her apartment?"
"The camera only records arrivals and departures. It doesn't cover the living quarters. She picked something up. Possibly the contract."
"Go on."
"On that same night, a news release from the Colorado Governor's office reported that somebody had attempted to murder both the governor and his wife. They also said that assailant had been hospitalized for her injuries. No further information on the assailant was released after that announcement. According to Guinevere's testimony, that assailant was Zelda, and she deliberately botched the attempt so that she could be caught. She pleaded for death so that I would no longer own her soul." 
"Where is Zelda now?"
"That's a very good question. From the records of the meeting with the Cops, we know that this Guinevere angel left for Angelion on Tuesday. November 15. Two days later, she received an envelope with a tape from Zelda. That means that Zelda made the tape on November 16 or earlier here in Hell. She's not in Hell now. We don't know how she left Hell."
"Is there a date stamp on the envelope that can confirm the date?"
"No, but the Guinevere angel said that she received it on 17th. She was under the truth ray at the time. The envelope contained witness statements from the spawn that I had killed one of them and kidnapped the others."
"I know about that tape. Your daughter did a number on you. Are you sure it was Zelda?"
"I'll let you decide. She gave one of the spawn the camera and had him tape her. Zelda has a big beefy mortal body. It looked like her. Her voice sounded like her voice. All the spawn called her by name and gave her hugs." 
"So she was in Hell on November 17th. She nailed you with the tape. You're guilty. Why are you telling me this?"
"There was a short segment at the beginning of the tape where the camera was pointed down. It showed the cave floor and Zelda's feet. She wasn't wearing her gum boots."
"So she forgot them."
"Zelda kept her apartment and herself very clean. She would never walk through the sewers of SinSin-atti without them. If she had, her feet and her shins would have shown signs of sewage. Her feet and shins were clean. The guards on the security gates have no recollection of her entering Hell on November 15th or in the days before. They have no recollection of her leaving in that same time frame." 
"So what? That doesn't change your guilt and how you embarrassed Hell."
"My Zelda would have worn those gumboots. But the Zelda in the tape didn't have gumboots. Nor did I find any evidence of her leaving. The conclusion is obvious. Zelda did not make that tape. An angel posing as her did. That angel entered and left Hell without leaving a trace. That is what you have to deal with!"
"Our security is compromised."
"Yes, it is. That may explain why your shipment of nuclear fissiles blew up. That 'accident' was always difficult to understand. Why would the ship suddenly start to spin? The answer is again obvious. It wasn't an accident. Heaven knew about the cargo before the spaceship left. That's why the crew survived. Heaven didn't want to kill innocent devils."
"You have no proof."
"I don't need it and neither do you. We know. That is sufficient. And now we know where Zelda is. This Guinevere angel was in Angelion briefly on November 15th and returned almost immediately. Why go all the way to Angelion and then turn around and come back? I think she took Zelda with her. While she was taking Zelda to Angelion, another angel was posing as Zelda here in Hell."
 "And, you're going to deliver Guinevere to me in this basement. How will you do that?"
"We know that she visited Angelion. If she visits it again, I'll find her and I'll be able to use any weapon I choose to incapacitate her. The Heaven/Hell treaty does not apply in Angelion. I can do anything I want to her. She will disappear and Heaven won't have any idea what happened to her. Naturally, when you meet her, you'll ask her how angels have been sneaking into Hell. That will give you the opportunity to catch more of them. I'm giving you a tremendous opportunity to enjoy torturing an angel and shutting down their illegal access to Hell at the same time."
"What do you need from me?"
"I need a spaceship that isn't a Trident class like the relic Trident.1 orbiting Earth now. Also, I'll need a small crew." 
"What will you do about Zelda?"
"She's on Angelion. I'll find her. I'll use Zelda to lure Guinevere to Angelion."

Back to the Table of Contents

Chapter 2 

"A wealthy devil on Lucifus will rent you his yacht and a crew of two for a minimum of six months. It's a private ship, so the ownership won't be apparent if anybody sees it."
"How will I get to it?"
"I am hereby instructing you to take the Trident.1 on a training trip. You will explain what you've been ordered to do if the Cop on the portal asks you. As part of the training run, you will visit Lucifus where a yacht and crew will be waiting for you. Trident.1 will return to Hell. Nobody will notice that you haven't returned with the ship." 
"What's the capacity of the yacht?"
"Crew quarters for three, one luxurious private suite for two. Ample cargo hold."
"Design of the ship?" 
"Standard rocket shaped hull, oxygen based environment, and chemical propulsion. Maximum speed is Warp 3."
"What offensive and defensive weapons does the ship have?"
"None. This is standard for non-military spaceships as per the regulations of the Cops of the Cosmos."
"Can I bring personal weapons aboard?"
"Yes, if you're planning on going hunting on a planet that does not yet have sentient life. If a cop approaches you, your crew can give you a couple of destinations that will satisfy that requirement. If a cop stops the ship, it comes with a built in smuggling compartment. Whatever is being smuggled can't make any noise during the inspection. You can bring personal weapons on board but not weapons of mass destruction."
"What's the rental fee for the ship and crew?"
"One pound of gold per month and that includes food and oxygen."
"Payable through the Bank of Hell?"
"I could arrange that. I'd have to sell some assets, but you could talk me into it, I suppose."
"How much talk would you need?"
"An additional one-pound of gold per month."
"That's twelve pounds of gold. What would the cost be if I were to bring you additional angels besides Guinevere?"
"I'll discount your fee by one pound of gold per angel."
"I'll need cash to satisfy docking fees and other expenses."
"I'll give you six pounds of gold for six months."
"What if I don't need that much?"
"Treat yourself. You never know what opportunities may arise."
"That's kind of high considering that I'm bringing you one high ranking angel and perhaps more."
"It's not so high when you consider that you are buying yourself an additional six months of afterlife. I'll give you access to Hell's storage of confiscated weapons as a bonus."
"I'll also need some angelic stassis chargers."
"Take as many as you want. No charge." 
 # # # # # # # # 
"I had a message from Harry this morning," Lillian said. She had asked Winnie, Shields and Galahad to meet her in Joe-Joe's workshop.
"What did he want?" Winnie asked.
"He was curious if Asmodeus was still afterliving. He left Hell in a trident and didn't return. Usually that means more devil corpses littering outer space. I said that we hadn't heard anything to say he wasn't. He had a message for you three as well. Apparently, the entity known as Justice had a message for you. Perhaps you can make sense of it. Joe-Joe and I can't."
"What's the message?" Winnie again.
Try Dionysus in the Cluster of Heracles. 
"We need to go to the 92," Shields said. "It has the best star map." 

Back to the Table of Contents
Chapter 3

"I'm really bored," Doc confessed.
"Me too," Granny admitted.
"Retirement in Heaven is not better than retirement on Earth."
"In Montana, I could see the grandkids and great-grandkids almost daily." 
"Now, I have a 20-year old body and an eternity with nothing to do with it."
 "Me too. I make goodies. And once or twice a month, I bury some perverts."
"I thought that planning for a new recreation center for hockey enthusiasts in Heaven would keep me busy. All the hard work is done now. The planning is complete. Eventually, Heaven will be able to afford it, but not now. And when we do have it, I don't want to be handing out ice skating boots."
"Me too. I could be pumping up flat basketballs."
"Winnie's life is wonderful right now. She's doing something important. She's in love. She's making a name for herself."
"Reese has turned the corner now. I really like Karita."
"I do too. She's very smart and she gets along well with everybody. She should be leading the Nemeses. They don't need me on that team. She's as good a planner as I am and she has the critical role of obtaining confessions. She could do both of those jobs."
"The Nemeses don't need me either. Kashmira's baby is old enough to travel with her now. Cassie could babysit Mata while Kashmira is singing. Maddy could do the disposal. Dead bodies don't bother her." 
"Cassie would be a good babysitter. She wants to have a family including a husband."
"How do you know that, Doc?"
"We've always been close. She confides. She's unhappy. She thinks her legal training is useless with the Nemeses. She wants more out of her afterlife and that will only come when she finds a man and is able to have sex with him."
"Can spirits get horny?"
"Apparently they can. She thinks that she has no hope of finding a male spirit. She's been looking."
"What should we do, Doc?"
"We should take control of our afterlives, Granny."
 # # # # # # # # 
"I've been thinking of handing in my papers, Lucas. I wanted to talk to you first."
"What papers, General?"
"Retirement papers. Technically, I could stay in the Saskatchewan army until I'm 65."
"How old are you now, General?"
"I'll be 60 in July 2095."
 "You'd be retiring way early. Why?"
"I'm bored. The January war with California reminded me what it was like to be a general leading troops into battle. A battle in Saskatchewan will never happen. Without battles, a general's life consists of shifting piles of paper around. The Wilizy will have battles. Did I tell you that I would be raising the issue of the chemmies at the Wilizy Directors' meeting?"
"Yes." 
"They've approved the concept. They want to know who'll be in charge."
"You should be in charge, General. You can't retire and grow vegetables." 
"Mac and Wolf wouldn't want me underfoot. I'd be no good as a babysitter for their kids. They're past that age anyway. Are you doing much babysitting now, Lucas?"
"I'm trying to do my share as much as possible, General, but there are three of us. Lylah knows what she's doing. I don't. Baby Lohla is healthy, so is Lylah. That's what counts."
"I had thought that you would lead the troop into the chemmie battles. But, they'll need a lot of training before they're ready. You should be in charge of that training. You have the vision. Giving you other duties on top of that could affect their success."
"Where are you going with this, General?"
"I'm retiring as of this month. On the invitation of the Wilizy directors, I'll be assuming overall command of Wilizy military forces, including the Valkryies when they are in combat. Mac remains in command of the Valkyries. You will be in charge of the men. Both of you need the necessary rank to do that. Both of you will be Lieutenant Colonels if ranking is needed. Major Vincent will be your second in command."
"That's fine with me, General. I'm not ready for anything more."
"Why did you think that I would retire and grow vegetables?"
"It would be a future that I'd hate too."
"Growing old shouldn't mean that you have to become useless, Lieutenant Colonel."
 # # # # # # # # 
"I can watch baby Marie, Nary. You don't have to be tied to the house." 
"Theo wants to help with the babysitting. But he needs to find a job. He doesn't know what he should do with his life."
"Theogun will find a job when he recognizes his Voodoo heritage." 
"I don't mind being a stay-at-home mom, Marie."
"Your future lies in front of you. It's time for you to take up your career."
"Career as what? I'm not smart, Marie. I couldn't finish high school. Kids made fun of me."
"Book smart is mostly useless. Find a career that uses your Voodoo skills."
"Putting people to sleep?"
"That's a very easy curse. You could be more powerful than I ever was. Remember, your father was a Voodoo god."
"So you say, but I've never met him."
"All in good time."
"Why do you want to babysit so much? This is about the zillionth time you've asked."
"I am 84 years old. I'm not ready to be useless. You have a career in front of you. Why should you be held back? If not me, hire a babysitter."
"We can't, Marie. We have no money. We're living here because we have free food at the mess hall and the Wilizy built us a home."
"If I find a career for Theo, will you start a career of your own?"
"Why do you think that you can do that?"
"He's not using his voodoo heritage. He has many possible careers."
"You won't stop harping on this, will you?"
"I have nothing else to do and I have all sorts of time on my hands. You can think of me as a Voodoo curse or as your career counselor."
"Marie, I don't know. I don't see you babysitting baby Marie."
"How about this? I'll help Theo find a career. If I do, you have to give me a chance to babysit baby Marie."

Back to the Table of Contents
Chapter 4

"Guinny wants our top concerns for Heaven from 2095 to 2100," Joe-Joe reminded Lillian. "I'm meeting with my commanders this afternoon. We should talk about our own list now."
"You know my top concern right now," Lillian answered. "Adding a trade function to Heaven's purpose brings opportunities, but we don't know what we're doing. We don't know any of the planets in the Cosmos other than Angelion. We could make a serious mistake that reflects back on us forever."
"Any concerns about the staffing?"
"No. I like Shields being in charge, but anybody that we put into the position will face a lot of pressure. She'd be introducing Heaven into the Cosmos. I don't know what the solution will be until we have more experience in trading. But, this move into trading should be Heaven's #1 priority. It will bring revenue that will solve a lot of our priorities."
"I agree with you for Priority #1. Here's my second highest concern. We have too many angels that aren't contributing yet. We need to provide more job options for mid level staff who have lost their halocratic job."
"Call that Priority #2 but let's generalize that more," Lillian suggested. "As we get a better fighting balance with Hell, we need Heaven to focus on other services besides providing guardian angels. It's not only jobs we have to provide, we have to change the mind set of what and how Heaven best serves Earth." 
"I agree with that for #2," Joe-Joe said. "Our battles with Hell have to be #3. We've made good progress in balancing personnel numbers. Winnie has had several major successes with defusing the nuclear threat and starting to change the misogynistic mindset inside Hell. All those new female executive assistants inside Hell are potential sources of information now through Keely and Meghan. Asmodeus was a major victory. His future in Hell may be in doubt now. My concern is that we have relied very heavily on Winnie and her team. What if something happens to her? We have no replacement."
"I agree with everything you said," Lillian began. "I'd add that Satan appears likely to support the introduction of recreation into Hell's milieu. He's doing it for money, but the idea that Hell will be an afterlife that has more than harsh torture is going to sap some of the evil out of them. Right now, we can't let down our guard."
"How's this for #4? Galahad's Special Forces are the only command that has seen action in the field recently. Three quarters of our Christian Soldiers are in danger of losing their edge. They are very skilled, but they haven't been in the field for a very long time. We need to put these specialists to work while still leaving them as a potent fighting group."
"Any ideas how?"
"Not yet. I have to talk with my staff. The army, navy, and air force commanders may not have a flexible mindset. They'll lose members when Galahad expands his fleet from two spaceships to seven. If we ask them to provide skilled personnel for other non-military duties too, they may balk."
"What about #5, Joe-Joe?" 
"We will be receiving additional revenue soon from the ruling against Angelion. Plus, Shield's trade deals will start to produce a lot of revenue. There will be multiple claims on that revenue from every segment of Heaven. We won't be able to satisfy them all, and that could create dissension. We have to decide how we handle the revenue and where it goes. Personally, I think we should greatly beef up the role of our scientists."
"I agree with the need to handle this carefully. Shall I submit this to Guinny as a joint report?"
"Yes, I'll be busy getting input from the Christian Soldiers." 
 # # # # # # # # 
"Are you all set to go, Shields?"
"Yes, Galahad. I'll stop in at Angelion on the way and meet with Ritchit. He may know something about this Dionysus planet. I'll also ask him if he can give us a schedule for transferring the five ships that they are giving us. Are you sure that you want me to select them?"
"I'm sure. Give us at least one fighting ship so that we don't have to rely solely on the current 52."
 "I will ask Angelion's ship repair staff to change our ship's name from Angelion.52 to Heaven.1. The five transfer ships should be Heaven.3 to Heaven.7. We're in no rush and we definitely do not want them transferred all at once."
"We can change the 98 to Heaven.2 later." 
"Are you sure that you want me to take four crew? I don't need that many. They'll be bored"
"How many do you need? 
"Two will do." 
"Did Winnie give you instructions on the deal she wants?"
"Yes. I'll tell them that we don't want a long term agreement until they know that they want the chocolate. I'll give them the first crate for free so that they don't feel any pressure and can obtain lots of feedback from their citizens. I don't tell them that we are short of inventory right now." 
"Guinny wants priorities and concerns from 2095 to 2100. Do you have any?"
"My biggest concern is staffing the freighters. Being a chocolate bus driver from Heaven to Angelion will get boring very quickly. But we need experienced crews."
"Anything else?"
"We don't need pressure to ramp up our trade levels. Crash landing a freighter into another planet's spaceport would not go over well."
"Do you think that this pressure would come from Winnie?"
"No. She'll listen to me. Plus, we're constrained by how quickly we can expand the chocolate crop. This pressure will come from outside the military. We'll be giving them revenue; they will want to spend all of it and more."
"That's the nature of the beast."
"Yes. Guinny has to keep those pressures under control. Our people are risking their lives. One sloppy mistake and the entire crew dies. Make sure they understand that."
"Give my regards to Ritchit."
"Will do."
 # # # # # # # # 
"Are you all set to go, Asmodeus?" 
"Yes, Sire. I thought that I'd pick up the gold you're giving me. Is everything still on track for me renting the private yacht?"
"Yes. Lucifus is expecting you. Somebody will meet you at the spaceport. I've already transferred the rental gold to the owner."
[Thereby ensuring that I won't find out what the real rental price was.] "I picked up some automatic weapons out of your confiscated locker. Did somebody actually try to sneak those in?"
"NRA fanatics on their guided tours have strange delusions. When you reach Angelion, find out why two of their spaceships have been orbiting Earth. Angelion has been providing one ship as part of being Heaven's home planet. Why are they now providing two? Do you have your disguise ready?"
"Yes," an angel stood where a devil had been standing. "I'll adjust the body when I see how tall the Angelions are. I'll pick up that six pounds of gold now."
"It's already on the ship. Remember, some angels can blow themselves up."
"Guinevere is too young to be that important. Did you actually give me a full six pounds of gold?"
"You incurred some transfer fees."
 # # # # # # # # 
"Guinny wants our top concerns for Heaven from 2095 to 2100," Joe-Joe told Galahad. "I'm interviewing my commanders individually. What recommendations would you have for the Special Forces?"
"Our freight transports have to be crewed by militarily-trained crew. Mistakes cannot be tolerated. But, the work itself will become tedious. We can solve that by rotating all military forces through a spaceship training program. Most personnel will enjoy that service in moderation. Having the entire Christian Soldier force able to go into space will strengthen us."
"The other commanders might not want to loan their soldiers to you."
"I'm sure they won't. But, they have to stop thinking that their forces exist as separate silos. Why do we have three different silos that haven't seen any battles in decades? Army, Air Force, Navy are simply the transportation vehicles that we use to take a soldier into battle. The training is the same. Defeat the enemy. The way we fight is the same. Why do we have four silos?" 
"Are you recommending a unified force?"
"I'm recommending that we learn how to do battle in the twenty-second century. Right now, the Christian Soldiers are prepared to fight in the twentieth century so long as our enemy is from Hell where they aren't allowed to have any dangerous weapons. We are not prepared to fight a rogue invader from another planet, such as Lucifus. Because of the restrictions placed on us by the Cosmos, we have no offensive weapons of any strength. Our defense consists of a wall that separates us from Hell. We're easy pickings from outer space. We can't rely on the Cops of the Cosmos to defend us. We need to change our thinking of what constitutes a defense of Earth, and with that, a defense of Heaven."
 # # # # # # # # 
"Guinny wants our top concerns for Heaven from 2095 to 2100," Keely said. "I thought I'd get your opinion on the future of the Nemeses."
[Doc gave Keely the changes in assignments that you already know about. Let's skip that part.]
"That leaves you and Granny free to enjoy your retirement."
"That leave Doc and me available to take on some real responsibility," Granny declared. "We're not retiring. We hate that concept."
"What do you want to do?"
"I saw Lillian performing an amazing operation in which she laid several new organs in the cavity where they were supposed to be and watched them connect themselves to the nerves, veins and arteries. No clamps, no cutting, no stitching. No threat of infection. I want to learn how to do that."
"I do too."
"That could take a long time."
"We have time."
"What would you do with your new skills?"
"Have you heard of the concept of Doctors without Borders?" Granny asked.
"No. I've been in Hell for the last several centuries."
"Doctors from around the globe volunteer their time and expertise to provide medical care to communities without their own care. There are huge swathes of Earth where people die simply because they have nobody to care for their health. Wouldn't this kind of heavenly support be as important as guardian angels?"
Doc and Granny were tag-teaming Keely. It was Granny's turn now.
"How many ex-doctors do you have in Heaven? How are they helping humans? I bet they aren't helping with the expertise that they gained when they were alive."
"Do you want to be in charge of that, Doc? Granny?"
"We want to be part of the hundreds of angels that you mobilize."
"We would need a pilot test," Keely suggested.
"Count us in."
"Guinny has the final decision. I'll recommend a pilot test."
 # # # # # # # # 
"I'm asking the angels in charge of our institutions to send me their concerns about Heaven so that we can plan for the five years from 2095 to 2100," Guinny said. "Do you have anything to contribute?"
"If I say something, does that mean you'd put me in charge of it?" Winnie asked.
"Is that what you'd want?"
"No! Never! I don't want to be a halocrat pushing paper around. I don't want anybody reporting to me. I want somebody else to take my ideas and run with it."
"We can do that. It would be like your idea for flowers and for trading with planets."
"Alright then, I have a few questions."
"Shoot."
"Should we allow people on Earth to continue to die from skin cancer and other curable diseases? We are lucky if we live to be 50-years old. Angelions live for centuries. Shouldn't we be changing that?" 
"Heaven has spent most of its resources guarding mortals from Hell-based diseases. That was when we had no resources. Should we continue to play defense? We have enormous scientific resources in terms of our personnel. Why don't we use those personnel to put all of Hell's health based sindustries out of business? That would be a huge blow to their economy."
"When Hell tries to rebound by creating new health issues, we have lots of ears and eyes in Hell now. Why don't we use some of our friendly Executive Assistants to tell us what they're planning? As their health sindustry collapses and their devils aren't pulling their weight, guess what Satan will do? When their active devil count falls, their revenue from the Cosmos falls too. As our trade revenue increases, we have more revenue to add to our scientific resources. We can win this war because their people are evil, but not smart. We need to move more angels out of menial tasks and into medical and scientific research."
"Lot's to think about, Winnie."
"I have one more. Did you know that the Justice person that was the judge in Angelion turned herself into an angel with purple feathers when she met with us? She looked great. Why do we have to copy Angelion's fascination with the color white?" 

Back to the Table of Contents

Chapter 5 

Lucifus, December 2094. 
"I'm your captain of the ship and this is your navigator. When you wish to address us, call us by our job - Captain or Navigator. Both of us can do each other's job."
"I'm Asmodeus. What's the name of the ship?" 
"We identify ourselves only by its Cosmos' registration number. Ships from Lucifus are subject to a lot of scrutiny. The number gives us some anonymity. I'll get us started on the voyage to Angelion while Navigator gives you an orientation tour."
[Narrator: Both of the Lucifus devils had the usual set of horns, hooves and scales. Asmodeus was considerably bigger and more powerful than they were. That could have been a function of age. Asmodeus was somewhere between 500 and 800 years old. It's hard to know his exact age as no records of his entry into Hell exist. These Lucifus devils were essentially bus drivers, although the bus they were driving probably served as a smuggling vehicle as well. In earthly terms, you can think of them as teenagers or young adults. A tour of a private bus doesn't take long.] 
"Here's the most important feature of the ship. In the event of an accident of some kind, you will hear a loud siren throughout the ship. Drop whatever you are doing and come to this position in the ship. The alarm will cause this bulkhead to open. Captain, will you give us ten seconds on the alarm?"
 [The navigator only had to raise his voice to talk to the captain. That will give you a sense of how big this ship was. ]
...
"The open bulkhead reveals the emergency life boat. It has room for four. The boat has a supply of oxygen and enough power to allow us to navigate to a position of safety. We'll have five days of oxygen. Deploying the lifeboat also activates an emergency beacon on the lifeboat. As soon as all three of us are in the boat, Captain will seal the boat, which will allow us to operate in the vacuum of space. When the lifeboat leaves the yacht, the bulkhead behind us will close which means the yacht will remain as a closed environment. The airlock to space will open and the boat will be free to navigate to a safe haven."
"How does he start up the lifeboat?"
"Captain and I carry a key on a strap around our neck. Here's mine. Take it and examine it."
"It's very complicated looking. Quite heavy too."
"I'll take that back now. This key also gives access to the yacht's hold, main entry, and power system - all of which are normally locked. Right now, the captain's key is in ship's propulsion socket. Every Cosmos ship has sockets that can only be activated by this kind of key. It has over fifty different settings which makes breaking and entering into any Cosmos spaceship impossible."
"Do you use the lifeboat for transportation to a planet?"
"Yes."
"What happens when the lifeboat comes back to the ship?"
"There's a chip embedded in the lifeboat that will open the air lock. We'll dock the boat into this space, close the outer bulkhead, fill this area with oxygen, and then open up the seals into the yacht. Airlocks operate the same way throughout the Cosmos."
"What happens with visitors to the ship?"
"The airlock for visitors is on the opposite side of the fuselage from the lifeboat. Entry will be permitted at the discretion of the captain who will have CWO communications with the ship."
"CWO?"
"CWO is a communication technology that connects CWO receivers together with an optical beam. CWO means Cosmos-Wide-Optical." 
"Are these long distance communications?"
"To a degree. We'll have CWO contact with Lucifus. We don't have communications to the other side of the Cosmos."
"I'll be doing the reporting. Show me how to use it."
"It's actually quite easy."
...
"Can I communicate with Hell?"
"Probably not. But the Trident ship orbiting Earth will have CWO equipment." 
"Coming up to warp entry now, Navigator."
"Thank you, Captain. We should strap in now. The ship shudders a bit when we get close to warp speed." 
"I heard we can reach Warp 3."
"That's not a pleasant ride. We'll take it up to Warp 2 and thank our lucky stars if we can maintain that."
 # # # # # # # # 
Via CWO transmission.
"I’m on my way back now, Galahad. I have big news from Angelion. Ritchit is running for president."
"I'm glad, Shields. How'd Dionysus go?"
"I gave them a second chocolate sample kit so that they can involve others in the decision. The contents of the first kit went quickly. I'll be back in Heaven in 24 hours or so."
"Did you talk price?"
"That's up to Winnie."
"Speaking of her, she promoted you."
"She can't do that. She's not in the military."
"Not that kind of promotion."
"Explain?"
"She asked Guinny to give you a more advanced body."
"Wow. Hug her for me."
"I'll have to force myself to do that."
"She's right there, isn't she?"
"Sadly, yes. Having her around underfoot is quite a burden for me."
"Where do you want me to send the flowers for your funeral, Galahad?"
 # # # # # # # # 
"Navigator and I will have to stay in orbit around Angelion," the pilot said. "Angelions doesn't particularly like Lucifus citizens, so they make the docking fees outrageous. I'll leave the yacht in orbit, take you down in the lifeboat, and return to the ship. You're not appearing like that, are you?"
"I can assume an angelic body."
"The boss said that you were an important devil. We were wondering how you were going to sneak into the planet. Now we know."
"How will I notify you when I want to return to the ship?"
"Use your ship-to-shore communicator."
"What ship-to-shore communicator?"
"The one that our boss gave you."
"He didn't give me anything."
"Well, that means we'll have to park the ship in their space port and you'll have to pay the fees. Plus, there'll be additional costs for the two of us to guard the ship night and day which means overtime. Like I said, nobody likes us."
"Would you happen to have an extra communicator?"
"I don't think so."
"Could you look?"
"Looking for a communicator isn't in my job description."
"How much will a communicator cost me?""
"We're actually saving you money."
"How much?"
"Half an ounce of gold a day."
"Does that include the night too?"
"OK. You've obviously done this before. How about a weekly rate?"
"Perhaps. Will the communicator come with batteries?"
"OK. But that's an additional fee."
"Is that all of the fees you're planning to charge me?"
"Yuh, provided we don't encounter any solar flares. We're not paid to fly through radiation."
"Are you sure you want to do this?"
"Do what?"
"Extort fees because you think I need you to fly the ship."
"You do need us." 
"Eeny, meeny, miney, moe. Catch a tiger by the toe...."
"What are you doing?"
"Earthlings use this kind of rhyme to figure out who will go first. Eeny, meeny, miney, moe. Captain, you're it."
"What's that mean?"
Asmodeus grabbed the captain's skull in both hands and rotated it 360 degrees. Lucifus heads weren't built to rotate that far.
"You killed him!" Navigator seemed a mite surprised by this. 
"I only need one person to fly this ship." Asmodeus bent over and started to unscrew the captain's head from his body. Surprisingly, that went quite quickly because the bones weren't connected any longer. He removed the key and the strap sitting on the stump. "You only need one hand to fly this ship, right New Captain? Which hand would you like to keep?" 
"NO FEES, NO FEES, NO FEES!"
"You will take me down to the planet in the lifeboat. Once we are safely landed, you will give me your key. You will stay inside the boat until I return. Be smart about this and you may be alive when I've finished my project. I can always hire another captain using the CWO communicator, which I now know how to use." 

Back to the Table of Contents
Chapter 6

There's a saying among sewer workers. The worst sludge is on the bottom. It doesn't matter where you are, what species you are, or what gender you are. Evil people have some sort of internal compass that allows them to find victims in the sludge. 
Asmodeus had worked on Earth for so long before his rise to the Inner Pentagram that he could recognize evil humans before they became evil. He always made use of these people to help him in his earthly tortures. The schoolyard bully who needed just a little sludge-nudge to pick on the defenseless children was his ally. The would-be-lothario who took great pleasure in accidentally brushing up against the backside of a vulnerable woman was his ally. The banker that .... Well, you get the drift. 
Asmodeus was now on Angelion. The lifeboat and its captain were sitting safely in the Angelion spaceport that was designated for visitors. It was a free parking zone, of course. No planet that prospers from trade will put barriers in the way of visitors. Asmodeus was just wandering around the spaceport, on foot. He was in his angel body and was looking at the angels who were working in the port to ensure that his body would not attract any attention. He had shrunk himself enough that he was now average in height. 
Asmodeus was walking because he didn't know how to fly. He figured that asking for flying lessons would attract attention. Instead, he'd take the lifeboat to a remote location and take his first flaps. Preferably, the location would have soft landing spots. 
Asmodeus was sauntering through the commercial entry port when he spotted some sludge. On the outside, the victim appeared to be a normal angel. But he had a truculent look on his face as he was stamping each page of a towering pile of forms. Plus, he wasn't actually looking at the papers that he was stamping. And then the towering pile fell over, which was entirely predictable. The sludge kicked at the fallen papers, probably mentally blaming them for being so unhelpful, and took a walk to the outside of building where he leaned against a wall and stared off into space.
 Asmodeus' sludge meter went ring-ring-ring.
"Sorry to interrupt. Could you help me?"
"Beat it. I'm on my break."
"I'll be brief. I just landed. I left Angelion over a century ago and I'm lost. This area is different now. I need directions, that's all." 
"Why'd you leave?"
"I went to seek my fortune."
"How'd that work out for you? You don't look particularly wealthy."
"Would you wander around any place in the Cosmos flashing your wealth? I left it all in the spaceship."
Sludges have identification meters too. They're always looking for people with wealth that can be conned. Our sludge heard Asmodeus mention the word 'fortune' and his meter went ding-ding-ding. "What business are you in?"
Ring-ring-ring. "Mining. You find the right asteroid and life becomes very enjoyable."
Ding-ding-ding. "Where do you want to go? I have a few minutes left on my break."
Ring-ring-ring. "Some place where I can convert gold to Angelion currency." 
Ding-ding-ding. "There are several places. How much currency are you talking about?"
Ring-ring-ring. "I don't know what the exchange rate is." Asmodeus raised his left wing, dug around in the wing sac, and pulled out a closed fist. "This much gold," he said and opened his fist.
Ding-ding-ding. "I'll walk you over to the government's currency exchange facility. They're the only ones who could handle that much."
Ring-ring-ring. "That's kind of you."
Ding-ding-ding. "Are you planning to buy a second spaceship?"
Ring-ring-ring. "Nah. I already have two. I'm interested in finding a game of poker." 
Ding-ding-ding. "I can help you with that too." 
Ring-ring-ring. "Friend!" Asmodeus exclaimed and put a wing over Sludge's far shoulder. "I was lucky to find you."
Ding-ding-ding. "What's your name?" 
Ring-ring-ring. "You can call me Lucky."
Ding-ding-ding. "I feel lucky too."
[Ring-a-ding-a-ring-a-ding-a-ring-a-ding-ding.]
 # # # # # # # # 
With time to kill before the poker game, Asmodeus returned to the lifeboat and instructed the captain to give him an aerial view of the planet. Much of it in the southern hemisphere was farmland, which meant soft dirt. His first attempts to fly were disasters, as he couldn't get into the air. A long run up proved to be a solution. Once in the air, flying was relatively easy. Landing required a long runway. Coming down too sharply was painful. Asmodeus quit after an hour and returned to the spaceport. He knew that he was not ready for public flying yet.
Wandering around the city was instructive. He saw how the angels only had to take two steps to reach take off speed so long as they kept their wing beats short and quick. Landing in a confined area meant that the wings had to be used as brakes. He'd try those tips tomorrow. 
Meanwhile, he was walking in front of a large building where angels had lined up to wait for some doors to open. Asmodeus decided to join the line up to see what angels thought was worth waiting for. The doors opened shortly afterwards and he followed the others into a large open room with chairs arranged for seating. At the front of the room, an empty stage had six chairs arranged in a line. A bell sounded three times [chirp-chirp-chirp] and the angels facing the stage sat down and became quiet. All the chairs were taken by the time that Asmodeus figured out what was happening, so he stood at the back of the room, leaning against a wall. Other latecomers were doing that as well. 
At the end of three chimes [boing-boing-boing], six angels appeared in the wings of the stage and each took a chair. There was a public address system with a microphone in the middle of the stage. After yet another triple chime [boing-boing-boing], the angel at the far right of the line of chairs stood up, gave his name, and announced that he was running for the position of President of Angelion. He then started to describe what was wrong with Angelion and what he would do to fix it. This was a great way to find out about the planet, so Asmodeus remained. 
The next triple chime [boing-boing-boing] announced a change in speakers. This time, the angel at the podium was a female. He concluded that because she was shorter than the others and had a higher voice. She had no visible physical endowments to announce her gender. Asmodeus wasn't inclined to listen to any female talking, and since he had nothing to ogle, he paid no attention to her. On the far left of the stage, he noticed an older angel sitting erect. He wore a white cape and he had some medals on his left chest. Military, Asmodeus concluded correctly. 
The military candidate's eyes roamed the crowd. Apparently, he wasn't finding the female angel's speech very invigorating. His eyes locked with Asmodeus' eyes. He turned to his right and beckoned somebody in the wing to approach him. A military angel came onto the stage and bent over to better hear the military candidate, who pointed his finger directly at Asmodeus. When that aide used the side stairs to leave the stage and began walking directly at him [ping, ping, ping,] Asmodeus left the room [dive, dive, dive.]
Yes, good can recognize evil from a distance.
 # # # # # # # # 
It was evening when Asmodeus met Sludge at the commercial port, which was now deserted. Asmodeus wanted to walk to the poker game as he had spent far too much time in low gravity in his spaceship. Some exercise would do him some good.
Sludge led him to a restaurant/diner of some kind where the patrons were all fixated on a screen where the military guy was speaking. Sludge walked through the kitchen, rapped a couple of times on a storeroom door, and opened it. "I have a visitor who wants to sit in." He turned to leave.
"Aren't you playing, Friend?"
"I don't have enough money for these guys."
"I probably can't find my way back to the space port. Here, take some of mine," Asmodeus said, reached into a wing sac and pulled out a very thick wad of currency.
"Are you sure?"
"I have lots more where that came from. Besides, I'd like to have one friend at the table."
 # # # # # # # # 
Sludge was not a very good player, especially when the stakes got high. Asmodeus was quick to replenish Sludge's chips part way through the game while he himself was working very hard not to win big hands. 
"We should leave," Asmodeus announced as Sludge's stack of chips continued to shrink. "Banker, cash us out."
Outside the diner, Sludge offered his remaining cash to Asmodeus, who refused it. "Keep it. I enjoyed the game. I just never got the cards I wanted."
"Neither did I. I lost a lot. I can't repay you right now."
"Don't worry about it. It wasn't your fault. Did you know that these guys were cheating?" The walk back to the port became an educational experience for Sludge as Asmodeus described a large number of ways to cheat at poker, none of which had occurred in the back of the diner but Sludge didn't know that. "I wouldn't play with them again, if I were you, Friend. They looked like pros."
 # # # # # # # # 
 Back at the port.
"Where do you hide the liquor, Friend?" Asmodeus assumed that a planet that grew a lot of grains like rye would have a very active private supply of relaxant liquids. The poker guys had all sipped from opaque thermoses. 
"I've hidden a six pack back in my locker. We can drink safely in my office."
"I stumbled into a political event where some angels were trying to get elected. It sounded like Angelion has gone through some tough time. All the candidates were emphasizing that changes had to be made. What's that all about, Friend?"
We'll fast forward. You know what he's going to say.
 # # # # # # # # 
"Wow. The goody-goodies ambushed your planet. What wrong with business angels earning lots of money? What are you supposed to do with it? Give it away to lazy people who don't want to work?"
"That's exactly what we have to do. Give it to them." 
"You have to drink secretly in dark places? You have to allow women to speak? Women angels can actually run for office? What's wrong with a little rape when they don't know what's happening to them?"
"My sentiments exactly."
"I lived in a place where all the women were kept in whore houses. They were paid a living wage for doing nothing other than lying around."
"Where was that?"
"Out on the periphery near my golden asteroid. Near a place called Heaven. Have you heard of it? They have angel bodies too, but they're crooks, through and through." 
"Have I heard of it? I had one of them right here in this port. I talked with her. She was trying to trade some flowers that they had grown. My boss told me to send them packing. I got her good."
"Let me get you another bottle."
...
"Tell me about their trading. What kind of ship did they have?"
 # # # # # # # # 
"Did you say that Angelion was convicted of doing something wrong and you had to pay a lot of money to these heavenly angels, and I heard something about giving them ships too? What was that all about? What kind of ships. What is Heaven going to do with them? Wait a minute. You must be thirsty from all this talking. Let me get you another bottle."
 # # # # # # # # 
"In addition to giving them five ships, Angelion will help them trade too? Really?"
"Yes. We have a mutual trade pact with them. They bring their products here and unload them. That way, their products are recorded as Angelion products and we send them to the final destination."
"How much does Angelion earn out of that?"
"I don't know."
"Are they shipping flowers?"
"I don't know. We haven't received anything from them yet."
"But whatever it is, it will come to you here?"
"Yes. I handle all the permits. I can't imagine it being flowers. I've never heard of flowers being traded in the Cosmos. Who'd want those?"
"When is this supposed to happen?"
"It's already started. One of their ships came through here couple of days ago. I recognized the angel from her previous trip. She was the one that I bamboozled with invented trade forms."
"No products to unload?"
"No. She didn't come in a freighter. She met some angels here and was gone the next day."
"Any chance of finding out where she went?"
"She would have had to file a flight plan."
"Do you have access to it?"
"It's filed on line. I have access to everything that's online."
...
"The destination for the Heaven.1 spaceship was Dionysus in the Cluster of Heracles. Total crew of three in the ship."
"What's special about Dionysus?"
"Let's see. We've had a trade agreement with them for a long time but the file isn't very active. We receive fish and fruit. We send them grains. The turn around time over there is quick. Why are you so interested?"
"Time for a refill?"
 # # # # # # # # 
"It was my first solo mining venture. I was off in the periphery which hasn't been explored much. I found an untouched asteroid and set up camp. I lived in my ship at night and mined in a spacesuit by day. I found gold the fourth day and started loading up the hold with nuggets. It was easy. Most of the nuggets were lying on the surface. I had to dislodge some of them with a pickax."
"About a month in, I was running out of loose nuggets. I was also running out of storage space. That when these angels came with their spaceship and sent down a landing craft. I was forced to go back with them to their ship. They accused me of violating their territory and mining without permission. I told them that asteroids weren't anybody's territory. They're too tiny and there's too many of them for the Cosmos to keep track. The angels, and these were military angels, said that Heaven owned this asteroid. They had a court martial in the ship and found me guilty of grand theft."
"Court martial? Isn't that only for military people?"
"Yes and I wasn't military. I was just a prospector. But, they were the ones with the guns."
"They had guns?"
"They called them automatic weapons. Their guns fired bullets, which are metallic projectiles. A space suit wouldn't stop a bullet. They said that my spaceship wouldn't stop a bullet either."
"What did you do?"
"They offered me a way to avoid the grand theft charge. I would agree to trade all the gold in my ship to them in exchange for one of their guns. A gun was useless to me and the gold was worth a fortune, but I didn't have any choice. They would have shot me on the asteroid and taken the gold. So I signed. I still have the gun in my ship. Of course, I'd never use it, but it's a good reminder of what crooks those angels are. I learned my lesson. Don't believe anything they say. If Angelion has a trade agreement with them, you guys will lose big time. They've already stolen five of your ships and you haven't received anything in return yet."
"Wow. But you're wealthy now?"
"Yes. Extremely so. I found an asteroid far away from their solar system and filled up my ship's hold again. I used some of that gold to buy a bigger ship and filled that ship up again. Both ships are safely hidden. I use this little toy ship to play tourist. I wanted to visit my home planet and here I am."
"And you hate Heaven."
"With a passion, but I stay clear of them. They have weapons. I'm a peaceful angel. But if I could get back at them, I'd do it. So long as there was no loss of life, of course."
"I'd want to get back at them too."
"Huh. I've never had a partner before. You know, if you and I could foul up their trading relationship with this Dionysus planet, that would be a great start for us getting revenge. You'd know exactly when a shipment would arrive from Heaven and when it was supposed to ship out. You'd actually have the trading goods right here in your port. We could use that information to reveal them for what they were."
"How?"
"I don't know yet. But we'll find a way. Afterwards, you and I could partner up on another mining job. I know about a great asteroid, but two spaceships full of gold were more than I would ever need. I could show you the asteroid and let you mine it. I don't need the gold. Tell you what. I'll give you some gold right now so that you'd have enough gold to buy your own spaceship."
"I'd have to leave Angelion."
"Why would you want to stay if you had to live in a world where women were allowed to speak? What's next for Angelion? A woman politician? I saw one in that political meeting. All the women on this planet will vote for her. She'll be your next president. Your planet is doomed. Get out while you can. Becoming ultra wealthy is not a hard way to live."
"I'll do it."
"Great."
"I'm going to wander around the planet tomorrow."
"I know some tourist destinations. Are you looking for anything in particular?"
"A long lost family member." 

Back to the Table of Contents
Chapter 7

"Are you in a completely secure location on the trident, Sire?"
"Yes."
"Did the Cops question why you had to come to the ship?"
"I told them that I was doing an inspection. Why the secrecy, Asmodeus?"
"You need to know this. Heaven won a judgment against Angelion for neglect of their home planet duties plus a number of unlawful actions against Heaven. There was an investigation of some sort and a Cosmos creature named Justice ruled against them. Heaven is receiving five of Angelion's spaceships as compensation for their suffering. They are also getting a financial settlement for the neglect. This will be a substantial amount. Heaven has separated itself from Angelion's patronage and will receive income from the Cosmos directly for their supervision of Earth. This will be another substantial amount and it will arrive annually from now on."
"We're barely solvent and we have no means of using Hell's natural resources for revenue."
"Not with the Cops checking all of our cargoes. You may not know this since you're new to your assignment. For centuries, Hell had had far more revenue than Heaven, who had been forced to use panhandling scroungers to generate revenue. They had angels buying cheap furniture from mortals who were throwing out their used furniture. A lot of our success came from being richer than Heaven."
"I didn't know that."
Asmodeus continued. "Now, Heaven will have dominating revenue while we will have only the income from the Cosmos, which the Cops will check closely. Have I got that right, Sire?"
"Yes. I think the Cops are biased, but I can't prove that."
"That's just the start of the bad news, Sire. Soon, Heaven will have seven spaceships. They will be using some, if not all of them, to trade with other planets in the Cosmos. They have an agreement of some kind for Angelion to receive goods from Heaven and then transport the goods to the end user. This will allow Heaven to ship products very quickly to Angelion who will transport the goods to more distant planets. But, Angelion has a large fleet of ships and so they can use as many as needed to complete the trade. That partnership will be very productive if Heaven has goods that other planets want."
"Any idea what they're trading yet? Any idea what they're receiving in return? Any idea where?"
"Possibly flowers for the trade but that doesn't seem possible. I have no idea what Heaven wants. Whatever it is, they're going to get more resources that will work against us. I will know more soon. The first trade will be to a planet named Dionysus. I have bribed an Angelion customs agent in charge of managing import and export forms to be my eyes and ears. That bribe was very expensive. I'm low on gold already, but in my view, we're facing an existential threat. A wealthy Heaven and an impoverished Hell has only one natural conclusion unless we change the balance of power and wealth somehow."
"You've been thinking on this."
"Yes. We can put a temporary halt on their trading potential by eliminating the three angels that are driving it. One of them is likely to be this Guinevere. I don’t know anything about the other two. I plan to use my Angelion agent to help me lure them into a trap on Dionysus. We have limited options on what to do with them after that. I can't bring them to Hell because the Cops will find them when they search the ship. We might want to sell them to Lucifus. We're going to need more support from the home planet and giving them three angels could influence that decision. If they don't want the angels, I'll dispose of them."
"I'll talk to Lucifus and see what they know about Dionysus. They may not be interested in helping us but the three angels may be a good bargaining chip. You may have to hold on to them while I negotiate with them. Let me know when you've captured them. Did you say that you're short of gold?"
"I'm dipping into my personal wealth now. That ship we rented from Lucifus was much more expensive than they told us. I've eliminated one of the crew when they tried to extort me."
"Devils will be devils."
"Well, this devil better get reimbursed when I save Hell from losing our war with Heaven." 
 # # # # # # # #
Asmodeus knew from centuries of experience that success and happiness were derived from wealth and power. The more wealth you had, the more powerful you could become. The more powerful you became, the more wealth you could obtain. This is known as a virtuous circle, where virtuous in this context means continuous. Virtuous, as in having high moral values, was a pipe dream spread by powerful people to keep foolish people manageable and amenable to exploitation. 
The idea that all you needed to succeed was hard work was another pipe dream. Wealth and power worked. Hard work had nothing to do with it. The evidence was in the history books everywhere. Keep the gullible believing in the sugar plum fairy and the wealthy and powerful would rule forever. The virtue of expressing sentimentality about the victims of the wealthy and powerful was another fairy tale. If somebody can't do something for you in return, why waste your time trying to help him? Poor people claim that such thinking was sociopathic. They consider that sociopathic label as a bad criticism. The rich and wealthy rejoice when they are labeled as sociopathic. That means that they have succeeded. 
Asmodeus was at a juncture in his sociopathic career now where he could see two possible futures. In the first future, Asmodeus would assume the position of Satan of Hell. The path was straightforward. Take the three angels to Lucifus, receive the plaudits of the Lucifus head devils modestly, return to Hell, and receive a massive injection into his power and wealth. He would use his new contacts in Lucifus to inform them that Satan had allowed pleasure to invade Hell. The idea of providing enjoyable recreation for devils was ludicrous. Moreover, Satan had given devilettes a position in Hell where they were visibly useful. This was hardly the misogynistic approach to afterlife that had been the hallmark of Hell. After all, misogyny was the third element of Hell's belief in the Trident of Tyranny. Wealth, power, and misogyny were inseparable. What could Satan have been thinking? However, Hell's future was looking uncertain. He might be able to use Satan's absolute power to turn things around for Hell if he could neuter the Cops of the Cosmos. 
In his second alternate future, Asmodeus would tie himself to Lucifus' future. They were desperate to develop a proper spaceship development program. What if he delivered three angels to Lucifus in a heavenly spaceship? He'd have to find a way to make the angels and the spaceship disappear without raising suspicions. But there was bound to be a way. Accidents in space are lethal. He wouldn't mind having an angelic sex slave of his own. The one that had put an end to the inner pentagram's recreation with mortal women on Earth would do nicely. 

Back to the Table of Contents
Chapter 8 

"So.... how do you like those brownies?" Granny asked Doc.
Three of them were relaxing in their house in Wilizy-Heaven in mortal form. Doc was in his recliner while Granny and Guinny were sitting on the sofa. Both of them had their feet on top of a coffee table that had been pulled close enough to use as a footrest. The coffee table didn't hold coffee. It did hold a half full tray of brownies. Doc had had his own plate of brownies, which was now empty.
"Good. Very nice and moist."
"I didn't make them. Guinny made them," Granny confessed.
Doc looked up in surprise and then began to mime the onset of a stomach revolt.
"Still (burp), very (burp), good (burp)" he burped.
"She used my recipe. What are you going to say now? Be very careful."
"Uhmm, may I have some more?"
"Good answer, Doc," Guinny commended.
"You came over here to learn how to make brownies?"
"Mine were too dry. I was doing something wrong. I needed to see Granny at work."
"You have the time during an audit of all of Heaven's departments to learn how to cook?"
"I figured I should in case I can't sponge off Granny." Guinny's pun was missed entirely. Or ignored, perhaps. 
"Sponge cake. That's the one that I can never get right," Granny confessed again, alluding to a conversation that the two of them had had in the kitchen. "I make concrete cake instead."
"I'm OK on an angel food cake. That's very similar to the sponge cake. An angel food cake uses only egg whites. Try using bigger eggs with your sponge cake. Or, try a larger pan."
"Why wouldn't you be able to sponge off Granny?" Nobody said anything about that one either. 
"Let me answer that question with a question, Doc. How do you see your idea for Doctors without Borders working in practical terms?"
Doc began first. From here on, they would be tag-teaming. "Start with a mobile operating room that will be completely sterile in all earthly environments inside or outside. I don't know how you would do that, but I know that Heaven can. I saw that when Lillian was operating on the twins."
"The surgeons, which would include Doc and me, have to be trained for anything. We wouldn't know what kind of cases to expect until we arrived. Four operating surgeons would mean four sterile operating tables."
"That's assuming that one doctor can operate alone. That's what I saw with Lillian. We would need triage outside the operating rooms. That would require capable medical staff that must not include mortals. The whole system has to be angelic."
"If some operations required real recovery time, we'd need attendants and sterile space to keep patients comfortable. We knew that Lillian could have released the twins immediately but had to wait for Paula to give birth. Perhaps there has to be an illusion of recovery time so that we won't raise suspicion."
"We can't be transporting all the different supplies we'd have to rely on. That would mean a portal from our location on Earth to the place where you keep all of your medical supplies. That would include access to a supply of your ready-to-go organs. Put it down where it is supposed to go and watch it attach itself. That was truly miraculous."
"Miracles should be our middle name," Guinny inserted herself into the tag team. "Sadly, they haven't been. We'll change that when Heaven has more financial resources. Is that all you'll need?"
"One team of two surgeons won't make a dent in the need," Doc warned.
"How many former doctors do you have in Heaven that are wasting their skills doing halocratic duties?" Granny asked.
"Far too many. Winnie pointed that out in her report too." 
"She wanted mobile teams too?"
"No, she had another idea. Say that we had numerous mobile operating rooms. How can your operating rooms help mortals who are too poor to eat properly, for example?" 
"We can only replace organs. Right?"
"You will be able to replace anything physical inside a mortal body. Muscle, skin, arteries. That kind of thing. You can't prevent the patient from incurring more health issues in the future from war, poverty, poor nutrition, lack of exercise, etcetera. In that respect, you may need to set some guidelines for what patients you accept into triage."
"Example?" Granny asked.
"A terribly obese man who overeats and his organs are failing because of that. He shows no evidence of willingness to change his behavior."
"I don't know how we'd reach that judgment. We'd be deciding if he lived or died," Granny said. "Is that a surgeon's job?"
"One could argue that the man is deciding his future with his uncontrolled eating," Guinny suggested. 
"I don't know how to deal with those kinds of issues," Doc confessed. "All I want to do is heal people who would die before their time if Granny and I weren't there."
"How would you measure what before their time is, Doc?" Guinny pursued.
"I don't know."
"Welcome to my world," Guinny said.
 "Did we fail your test?" Granny asked.
"One last question. For both of you to be fully qualified miracle-making surgeons, you'll need to be smarter in order to fully understand the complexities of the mortal body. You won't just plop a bladder into a gap and watch it heal. You must know everything knowable about the human body. And, as Heaven learns more, you have to keep up with those developments. You need to be physically stronger and more immune to emotional stresses. Are you prepared to face that?"
"If it means that I can save lives, yes."
"Me too," Granny said.
"We'll run a pilot test so that we can see if your idea will work. You'll have to go into the hospital tomorrow to receive more advanced angelic bodies. The one you have now is not up to the task. Be prepared to be sleeping about four hours a day. The rest of the time, you'll be learning. You can learn the theoretical work here at your home, but you'll need several larges screens each. Your intellectual skills will grow to meet the mental challenges you'll face. For the practical content, each of you will have your own operating room and a supply of human-like bodies with medical issues to solve. They'll either live or die depending on your diagnosis and your surgical skills. I'd suggest that you work as a team at first. Are you up to that?" 
"Does anybody want that last brownie?" Doc answered. 
 # # # # # # # #
"Their minds are focused on Christmas holidays," Stanley explained the cadets' lack of focus.
"Understandable," Jock excused. "Where are they going?"
"Vietnam," Lucas responded. "I want them to see that overwhelming military strength can be defeated by guerilla warfare."
"We'll spend the last two days in Switzerland," Lohla added. "They love that."
"Do you have enough chaperones? These guys aren't youngsters any more."
Lohla responded. "Lylah doesn't want to risk the travel, so she'll stay home. Bean and Cowboy will stay in the camp too. She's due somewhere close to Christmas. Akilah will take care of Bean's birth. Doc is off somewhere exotic and can't get back. Cowboy says that he can't cook and we have ample proof that Lucas can't either, so that's why I won't be crawling through claustrophobic underground tunnels full of spiders. I can't say that I'll miss that."
"I'll chaperone," Jock volunteered. "I've heard about those tunnels but have never seen them. Give me the cadets most likely to break the rules. How old are these guys now?" 
"Eighteen and Nineteen," Stanley informed. 
"Young men. I'm looking forward to getting into full troop drills."
"We still have some that are lacking the necessary skills."
"They're physically too weak," Jock analyzed. "They can't remain balanced. Lucas, put them on a muscle making program and warn them that we only need fifteen cadets for the operations."
"William is still tweaking the magic. He says it will be February before he's ready."
"That'll work for us," Lucas said. 
 # # # # # # # #
"How will this holiday work, Maddy?" 
"Mom, the team is attending a Christmas week baseball tournament at the University of Hawaii, Manoa Campus. They do this every year. Coach said that the team's bat girl gets to travel at team expense. We'll use the team copter transport, stay together in the same hotel, eat together, play five games, and have ample time for relaxing on the beaches. I get to wear the team travelling clothes and Maureen said that I can bunk with her. I have enough money from working with Winnie's people to take care of anything I want to buy."
"Let me see you in your one piece bathing suit. I'll wait out here."
"You can come in, Mom. I'm not body shy."
"Body shy?"
"The team showers together, Mom."
"Right."
...
"Turn around. Let me see the back."
...
"Maddy, that bottom is tight but it will work. The top of the suit is way too small and tight."
"It feels fine, Mom,"
"How do you breathe in it? Isn't it uncomfortable."
"It'll stretch, Mom."
"I don't know."
"I really, really want to keep this suit. Can I keep it? I'll buy a new suit next year. Please?"
"You want the top of the suit to be that tight?"
"Yes."
"Is this suit an official goodbye to Maddy the Flatty?"
"Yup." 
"OK. Enjoy feeling sexy."
 # # # # # # # #
"What are you doing for Christmas, Galahad?"
"How much leave do you have?"
"Three days and then I should get back. Shields is sending our first shipment of chocolate tomorrow. Dionysus said that they liked the first one but wanted a second shipment so that they could test more widely. Shields is sending them two full crates."
"How much were they willing to pay?"
"Way, way more than we were going to charge."
"That's encouraging."
"They say that they plan to market it as an exotic food."
"Shields is taking two military angels?" 
"Yes, but remember, she's only traveling to Angelion."
"Doesn't matter. We have a safe routine and we should keep to it."
"Yes, Captain. Are you coming with me on my holidays with my family?"
"Do I have to pretend that I don't know you?"
"No. All the Wilizy women know that we're having sex."
"Gossip central?"
 "Yup. I've booked a private cabin on the Mexican beach if you want to come."
"Will you be swimming in your altogether?"
"Wash your mouth out with bleach."
 "I guess I'll come. I'll pretend to enjoy myself."
"If my dad gives you the evil eye, try not to quiver in fear."
"Evil eye?"
"It's a fatherly stare into your soul. He'll want to talk with you alone at some point. I hope he's not wearing his guns this time. It got all bloody the last time."
 # # # # # # # #
"Lucky, I have received notification that Heaven is sending Angelion a shipment of two crates for delivery to Dionysus. They're calling the contents exotic food. The crates will arrive late tomorrow or early the next day."
"Process the shipment slowly, Friend. Now that I know what's in the crates, I know what you can do for me. I'll be at the space port tomorrow evening or the next evening to show you what to do." 

Back to the Table of Contents
 Chapter 9

"I have arranged for you to have help on Dionysus, Asmodeus."
"What kind of help, Sire?"
"Informational help. Lucifus has a consulate office on the planet but it has only one devil. He's expecting you and will eagerly give you whatever assistance he can, including a room in the consulate. Part of his help will be to give you a secure packet of gold from Lucifus. Think of it as a down payment from Lucifus to Hell. I'm authorizing you to do whatever you need to do to ship those three angels to Lucifus without revealing that they have been angel-napped. I'm told that accidents can frequently happen in space."
"I'll ship out tonight. My Angelion contact informed me that Heaven is shipping two crates of exotic food to Dionysus. The interior of the crates revealed that this food is called chocolate. I'm not familiar with this food."
"I'll ask around."
 # # # # # # # #
In Hawaii, the University of Arizona Wildcats had played and won their first two games of the tournament. The format of the tournament was simple. With six teams in the tourney, everybody would play each other once and that would be it. No tournament championship would be awarded. It was Christmas holidays. It was the time to relax and have fun. Coaches were encouraged to see that all their players saw game time. Maureen hinted to Maddy that she was a member of the team and might, emphasis might, see action. But, Coach didn't want to put her into a game where she might be overwhelmed. 
Being overwhelmed was a distinct possibility. There were two teams from Hawaii and four quality teams from what they called the mainland. Most girls on the mainland teams were seniors and juniors, which meant that they were 20 or 21-years old. Maureen was a 20-year old junior; Maddy was a 14-year old bat girl. After watching two games from the bat girl position on the bench, she began to hope that he wouldn't put her in. 
 # # # # # # # #
"Sire?"
"Chocolate is a sweet that is grown on Earth. Devils who have eaten it as part of their cover say that it is almost addictive."
"In other words, it's a tradable product."
"Yes. Lucifus tells me that they don't know of any other planet in the Cosmos that grows and trades it. At least not under that name."
"Do you know where it grows on Earth?"
"Not yet."
 # # # # # # # #
No games were scheduled for Christmas day. On Christmas morning, the team exchanged gifts through a secret Santa game that they had arranged earlier. You draw a name from a bowl and then buy an inexpensive gift for that person. Many of the girls bought gag gifts. Maddy bought a can of Macadamia nuts for the backup catcher. Maddy received a new swimsuit from her Santa. I'll describe how that happened.
Maddy had seen the suit in a shop on the beach and had gone back a second time to look at it. Maureen was with her both times and encouraged her to try it on during the second visit. 
Maddy declined. "I can't buy it."
"Costs too much?"
"Not enough cloth."
"It's not exactly cloth. There's stick-um on the critical pieces of fabric so that they won't slip. You don't have to worry about falling out or revealing too much skin."
"Can I swim in it?"
"No. It's entirely for show."
"It shows a lot."
"That it does. Maddy, you have a nice body. Guys are going to notice you. You should get used to that. Somebody from the team will always be around you in Hawaii. You'll be safe."
"How do you know the somebody on the team will always be around me?"
"The whole team is your Secret Santa. They want you to wear a bikini. One-piece suits are for old people. I've been delegated to find out your size and preferred color for your gift."
"It would be rude of me not to accept a gift from the team."
"Very rude."
"I don't really have a choice."
"You do not."
"Black."
"Size?"
"I want it to be tight."
"Good idea."
And that's how Maddy got her velvet black bikini. 
 # # # # # # # #
Satan had more news. "I am informed that chocolate comes from hot and humid parts of Earth. It's made from beans of the cacao tree. Lots of these trees are growing wild. It takes three to five years for a tree to bear fruit. Once it bears fruit, there's a lengthy process to turn the beans into edible chocolate." 
"Could Heaven be harvesting the trees on Earth?"
 "The beans ripen at different rates. They would need a permanent camp on Earth, which we would know about."
"Could they create their own cacao trees?"
"We know very little about Heaven's geography. We don't know if they have an environment where trees can grow. All we know about Heaven is it has a very big city with big buildings. All of the original devils who used to live in Heaven are gone."
"Could we grow them in Hell."
"They need light to grow. We could find a way to let light into Hell but that would destroy our internal security." 
"That means we have to destroy their capability of making chocolate."
"Yes." 
"How many spaceships does Lucifus have?"
"They used to have six; now they have five."
"Heaven will have seven spaceships, all from Angelion which is a super power compared to Lucifus."
"Have you had any reaction from the Inner Pentagram or from the SSS?"
"They don't know anything about this risk yet. Best that we keep it that way. What's the status of your operation on Dionysus?"
"I'd be too noticeable to appear as an angel. I'd be just as noticeable appearing as a devil. They're used to seeing one devil in their capital city. A second devil would bring questions. They have a Cops of the Cosmos outpost in the city. I'll have to live inside the consulate and rely on the consulate devil to be my agent."
"Keep me informed."
 # # # # # # # #
Christmas night. The Wildcat coaches took the players out for a fancy dinner in an expensive Hawaiian restaurant. They were the only customers, thanks to the coaches reserving the whole room. The dining room had been rearranged so that all the Wildcat players and coaches were sitting in a giant circle of tables. The interior of the circle could be accessed through two gaps in the outer circle. Right now, that interior was filled with five tables, each of which held famous Hawaiian dishes. Later in the evening, young Hawaiians were scheduled to entertain them with songs and dances. Three tables outside the ring held beverages of all kinds, including liquor. The edict that no drinking was allowed during a university athletic event had been suspended for the evening. All of the players except Maddy were old enough to satisfy any normal liquor laws. For the last five years, the Wildcats had celebrated Christmas at this restaurant. Every player knew about the Christmas night celebration on Hawaii, including Maddy who had been told. There'd be no surprises. 
Well, not quite. 
Everybody was working on their first attack on the food tables when a loud roar from the outside announced an arrival of more customers. Maddy had heard this noise before in cadet camp. Motorcycles. More appropriately, referred to as hogs. The rumble of exhaust pipes ended and loud voices entered the restaurant. Maddy brought her sling out of its parking space. The loud voices entered the dining room and everybody stared. Maddy felt Maureen's right hand pushing her onto the floor and under the table. 
"Well, well. Lookie, lookie. Santa brought us some cookies, cookies." 
[Bikers aren't known for their clever repartee. At least it rhymed.]
Just in case they players hadn't noticed their guns, the bikers adjusted the twin holsters hanging from their belts. 
"We must have been very good boys. Blondie, what's your name?"
Maureen didn't say anything. 
"She's mine. The rest of you, pick one."
From the floor, Maddy could see the boots of the bikers. She also could see the laps of the diners. Three of those laps now held guns. None of those laps had fancy feminine dresses adorning their legs. The biker doing all the talking had silver tips on his boots. Maddy prepared a laser beam that would melt those tips. She could run that beam up his legs a bit but she'd have to be careful not to singe any of her teammates. She slid up against Maureen's leg to get a better shot. Maureen pushed her head down again. 
"No, no, no! We have your money," a male Hawaiian voice said. "You're not supposed to be in here. You agreed. You agreed."
"You weren't at the door."
"I was in the kitchen. Take it and leave. It's all I have."
"We'll take your liquor too for making us wait." 
 # # # # # # # #
Surprisingly, the dinner continued without any interruptions from law officials. The restaurant owner made apologies for the unscheduled intrusion and begged the players and coaches to forget what happened and continue to celebrate. The singers and dancers would stay until midnight to make their party better. New bottles appeared on the side table.
Thank you, Maddy whispered to Maureen.
Don't let it ruin your night.
It won't. Three of the coaches had guns in their laps.
Who?
Third base, first base, and batting. 
That doesn't surprise me. Those coaches are very protective. They could have died if the owner hadn't paid them off.
Lots of people could have died.
 The rest of the evening went well, considering. Maddy had to leave the celebration several time to calm her stomach in the women's rest room. Maureen offered to help, but Maddy put her off. "I think it's something I ate. Those bikers aren't bothering me." 
During those extended departures, Maddy talked to the owner to thank him and in the process ask him why no police had come to interview them. The answer was simple. None of them wanted to die. She also learned that Hawaii had been hurt terribly badly by the earthquake of 48. The island of Oahu survived because the resident knew enough to climb the mountains. Honolulu was still being rebuilt. Manoa had been spared. But, law enforcement was spotty. 
From a waiter, Maddy learned that the bikers had a clubhouse that was accessible only by a rocky and muddy trail through the rainforest to the top of Manoa Falls. Hogs could make that climb. Hikers could be fatally injured if they made any noise climbing the trail. 
From one of the dancers, Maddy learned the bikers had moved into the area less than a year ago. They didn't sell drugs, so the state police weren't interested in them. They had a comfortable life in their dry clubhouse living off the work of the businesses below. It was all very civilized. The bikers would let the businesses earn enough money to survive. The businesses would pay without complaining. It was that or experiencing the thrill of diving into the boulder-strewn basin at the bottom of the 150 feet Manoa waterfall.
From the bartender, Maddy learned where she could hike if she wanted to climb through the rainforest. He warned her about the dangers of the hike up the Manoa cliffs, but she said that she wouldn't be going far. 
 # # # # # # # #
In the wee hours of the morning, several Manoa citizens reported a blazing fire out of control near the top of the Manoa falls. Since there was a threat of the fire spreading, state officials water-bombed the area as soon as they had light to do so. State police investigating the now extinguished fire were unable to reach any conclusions on how it had started. Other than the destruction of a biker clubhouse, no damage had been done. A large safe was found in the debris of the clubhouse. Curiously, the door to that safe was damaged and it was possible to look at the contents. They found lots of money and detailed notes about a protection racket including dates and sizes of payments. 
The bikers had not been in their clubhouse when the state police coptered in. Through interviews in the city below, the police determined that the bikers had hit a local restaurant that evening and had taken money from the owner for protection. For some unknown reason later, the bikers had decided to have a hog race down the trail in the dark. That didn't go well for them. All were badly injured when their hogs had careened off the trail. The bikes themselves were destined to be parts. The bikers were destined to be incarcerated. Numerous attempts were made to determine the reason for their risky behavior. They stuck to their story that they had been drunk and couldn't remember why they had done such a stupid thing as racing down a steep trail in the darkness. 
For readers who would like to know why they had done something so unfathomably risky, here what state investigators didn't learn. 
The bikers were having a celebration party with the stolen liquor when the door to their clubhouse exploded inwards. A 12-foot high creature stood in the doorway. It was covered in scales and had two horns sticking out of its skull. When it started destroying the walls of their clubhouse, the bikers took the opportunity to skedaddle through the open door and hop on their bikes. Angered, the creature chased them down the hill until all had crashed and were moaning in pain. Nobody would believe a story about a creature like that, so they agreed to blame it on alcohol poisoning and kept their mouths shut. They also had nothing to say when the investigators told them that their safe door had been broken open and all the evidence against them had been uncovered. It had been closed and locked before the creature attacked. They didn't know that devils can put a hand through a safe door and open it from the inside.
Maureen didn't say anything to anybody about Maddy creeping back to bed in the middle of the night. She did ask Maddy two questions.
"Are you OK?"
"Yeah. I am now."
"Were you scared by the bikers?"
"Nah. I've been having trouble with my drop ball and couldn't sleep. I found the Rainbow Warriors' machines. I made some progress."
Maureen believed her. This was exactly what Maddy would do. 

Back to the Table of Contents
Chapter 10

"So tell me, what did you and my dad talk about, Galahad?"
"I have a list of all the embarrassing things that you did as a kid. I plan to use this list to extort sexual favors."
"Fine by me. Extort away."
"You're supposed to plead for your virtue."
"I lost that some time ago. What did you actually talk about?"
"We talked about his work as a lawman. He told me about a time that he and your brothers were surrounded by bad guys. He pretended that the bad guy standing in front of him had a laser light on his chest. The guy looked down and your dad broke his nose. Your brothers threatened to shoot and the gang gave up. He said that he held a legal trial, found them guilty, and delivered justice. They had murdered a town of pacifists in cold blood."
"Reese told me about that. He was really influenced by that day. That's what made him think about administering justice."
"He knew that I was in the military but didn't probe."
"Military code of ethics."
"Yeah. He's very impressive."
"So is my mom. She said she was a stone cold killer back in the biker wars. She'll have a go at you next visit. They would have had an agreement. Dad got to go first. Mom will use her ESP on you. She can read your character."
"So, there'll be a next time?"
"I don't know. We'll have to wait and see. I've been disappointed with your extorting skills."
...
"I have to report in now. My leave is over."
"Feeble excuse."
"You have to report in too."
"Yah. I have to talk with Shields. I'm surprised that we haven't heard from Dionysus. They had seemed so keen. Guinny wants to see me in a couple of days She'll call me."
"Normal briefing?"
"Doesn't sound like it. We should plan what we're going to do for a New Year's celebration. It'll be 2095 in two days."
 # # # # # # # #
In Hawaii, the Wildcats were sitting down for their pre-game meal. So far, they were undefeated in four games. This last game would be against the University of Hawaii Rainbow Warriors.2 later this morning. 
The host school had put in two teams. The first team was made up of all their seniors and juniors and they had given the Wildcats a challenge. Up by one with one inning to go, Maureen had come into the game as a closer and shut them down. After that game, she had taken Maddy to the Warriors.2 game and scouted them."
"You're not seriously worried about this team, are you?" Maddy asked. "They've been losing badly all tournament."
"Hawaii always has a strong squad. They go to the Nationals a lot. You saw how hard we had to work to beat their seniors."
"There's a Nationals?"
"Yup. If we win in our conference, we'll go to Nationals and face the best in the former US. It's a small tournament because university baseball is still coming back."
"So why are we scouting this game?"
"I want you to look at the calibre of these players. You have to be up to their standards in two years. Look at what they're able to do individually. Find the gaps in your skills and we'll work on them in the off season."
[That was yesterday. We're back to the pre-game meal now.]
"Coach wants to see us before we eat," Maureen announced. "We can go over to the coaches' table."
[Players ate at one set of tables that were exclusively for the players. The captain of the team would ensure that the players were ready for the game with a proper meal and a focused demeanor. That captain was Tanya Lee, Audrey's older sister. The coaching table was for coaches only. Players were not allowed to sit with them because they would be talking about the players in a frank manner. The pre-game meal was when the coaches would finalize the line-ups and plan the substitutions for the upcoming game.]
"You wanted to see us, Coach?" Maureen spoke from five paces away. 
Coach beckoned them closer. "McReady, you're starting. I want to see if you can go for more than a few innings. Wiltz, you're catching. Here's a copy of the score sheet from your opponent's last game. That's all."
...
"Did you know about this?"
"I had a good idea that Coach would put you into a game. This was the only game left and this team won't overwhelm you. How are the butterflies?"
"Churning away."
"We'll get a good breakfast. We warm up in two hours. Don't overeat, but don't go into a game with an empty stomach either. We'll sit alone and review what we know about their players and study she score sheet. Are you up for calling the pitches?"
 "Yup."
 # # # # # # # #
During the game, Maureen wanted to work on her junk, specifically her knuckle ball. 
[Narrator: When the knuckle ball was first introduced, the pitcher's hand position was with his knuckles flat against the ball. Later, the grip was changed to placing fingernails against the surface of the ball. 
The purpose of the knuckleball was to have the least possible amount of rotational spin. The pitcher wound up as normal and released the ball as energetically as other pitches. But, because he was only holding the ball with his fingernails, he couldn't put any spin on it or much force behind it either. If the ball were thrown properly, it would wobble as it approached the plate. Nobody, not even the pitcher, would know what it was going to do. Some catchers hated this pitch because they often had to go to their knees to block the ball from getting through to the backstop. In some cases, they had to dive for it, often without success. With players on base, most catchers wouldn't call for the knuckle ball because it was too risky. The trick with creating a pitch sequence was to mix fastballs with knuckleballs. They look the same coming out of the pitcher's hand. One second of indecision could mean a fastball strike out. 
Maureen had a different strategy. She wanted to use the fastball occasionally and unpredictably. She didn't want to use the fastball for the strikeout because the batters could be waiting for it. She didn't mind going for the strike out with the knuckle ball, although this put a lot of stress on Maddy. If she didn't catch the ball cleanly on a third strike, the batter could take off for first. If that happened, Maddy would have to find the ball, pick it up, and throw her out. Since nobody knew where the knuckler was going, it was risky. On the other hand, the batters wouldn't be expecting a third strike knuckler. To ensue that the batters didn't see the knuckler often enough to know when it was coming, Maureen told Maddy to call for her other junk.] 
First three innings: Maddy called for the knuckler only three or four times in each inning. She wanted to see how hard it would be to catch. She failed to block at least one pitch each inning. But, no harm was done because nobody was on base and she didn't call for a strike out knuckler. Maureen's other junk was deadly. 
Maddy came to bat in the bottom of the second inning. [The Wildcats were home.] She was ninth in the order, but the Wildcats were hitting the ball hard. She had a runner at third with two out. They were up by three. Maddy looked at the third base coach as she moved from the on deck circle to the plate. He gave her the all-clear sign, meaning she could do what she wanted. 
Maddy set up on the left side of the plate. She got the outside pitch she wanted with a one and one count. She bunted the ball down the right baseline. It was a squirter that the pitcher was slow to pick up. Maddy had swung energetically on the second pitch and the infield was pulled out in anticipation of an easy ground out or pop up from this very young looking player. Maddy outran the ball as her teammate on third slid home. 
With the start of the line up now batting, the Rainbow Warriors focused on Maureen who was starting off this game. Maddy stole second on the first pitch and scored on a single. "Good bunt," Coach said. The next batter flied out. 
 # # # # # # # #
In the fourth, fifth, and sixth innings, Maureen continued to dominate. Maddy was more confident about blocking the knuckler and Maureen was putting it close to the strike zone. However, it was still falling short of the plate and squirting away too often for her to feel good about it. Maddy had to chase it down in these situations, but no damage was done. She still wasn't calling it for a strike out. 
In the fifth inning, Coach subbed in the sophomores. [Second year players.] The seniors stayed in. This was standard practice for Coach. In their final year, the seniors played for as long as they wanted to, when game conditions permitted. Maddy came to bat in the fifth with two on base, one out. She set up on the right side of the plate and sacrificed the two base runners up a plate. Both came in to score when Maureen doubled them home. The next two girls had long fly-outs. 
In the top of the sixth inning, Maureen was tagged hard and gave up a triple to their clean up hitter. Maddy went to the mound for a quick conference. 
"My bad," Maureen said. "The fast ball hung. Let's make them think that I'm firing fast balls full time. We'll go for the knuckler strike out at least once."
"They have a runner on third."
"The score is meaningless. Let's see how you handle catching the knuckler under pressure."
 Maureen struck out the next two players with six pitches. Maddy moved the ball around and that was all Maureen needed. For the third batter, Maddy started with some junk that almost brought a swing. Two fast balls followed. The count was two strikes and one ball. Maddy called for an outside fast ball that the batter fouled off. She called for a fastball again and Maureen shook her head. She nodded at the knuckle ball signal.
It was a bad'un that bounced in front of the plate and took a sharp left turn to the backstop. Maddy chased it down. Maureen was guarding the plate and tagged the runner out.
"My bad on the ball," Maureen said as they walked to the dugout. 
"My bad on the call. You shouldn't have had to shake me off."
"Pressure got to you?"
"Yuh." 
"Now you know what it feels like."
"Pudgy girl on third. No speed. I should have realized there was little threat."
"Yup," Maureen agreed. 
Coach looked at them walking/talking in but said nothing. 
 # # # # # # # #
"Doc and Granny have been working on a mobile medical service they want to call Doctors without Borders," Guinny said. "Did the they talk to you about that?"
"No," Winnie replied. 
"Here's what's happening."
[We'll skip this part.]
"Granny and Doc have advanced bodies. Does that mean Granny could get the curse?"
"That would be interesting, but no. Their bodies are designed to allow them to learn quickly. Nothing else. Are you still vulnerable?"
"I don't think so. I'm due January 5th to the 7th, but I'll be taking the same pre-medication that worked in Angelion. Is Shields vulnerable?"
"Not yet. Another promotion and she will be. Tell me about your idea of focusing on one health issue at a time and eliminating it completely." 
[We'll skip this part too.]
 "Impact on Hell?" Guinny asked.
"If we build in artificial intelligence on the Covid virus, for example, the cure that we discover should be able to respond automatically to Hell's updates. That means that we should be able to put all of Hell's virus production devils out of business. They'll keep failing and Satan will not be pleased. Then we move onto the next target. Cancer for example."
"Long term project."
 "Of course, but once we start on a disease, the outcome is inevitable. Our AI guys are way stronger than Hell's scientists, such as they are. We have to keep adding scientists with the proper background. We should give them bodies that will allow them to learn quickly."
"That's a good idea but we'll still have budget limitations."
"Not if we get the chocolate trade going. We have three hundred parcels of new dimensional land under initial cultivation now. Shields still has things to solve with the harvesting machinery and production equipment. She put four devil-angels working on each parcel of land together until we can go to full production. That will allow them to supplement the machinery until the scientists perfect it. Those three hundred parcels will give us plenty of chocolate to trade."
"Any word from Dionysus?"
"Not yet. They wanted to try the chocolate on a wider sample of customers. They'll want to be sure before they finalize the agreement."
 # # # # # # # #
Back in Hawaii, the seventh inning was underway. Maureen's first pitch hung in the air and the batter hit a solid single to left field. Maddy was waiting at the mound when the cut off throw reached Maureen who was looking disgusted. 
"No problem here," Maddy said. 
"I gave up a single to the 8th batter in the line-up. That's disgusting."
"Shake it off. This runner has a tell. We'll get her."
And get her they did. Maddy read the tell and called for a pitch out. Maureen ducked and Maddy threw the runner out with a strike to Tanya who was covering second. 
The ninth in the lineup ground out on a knuckle ball that was struggling to reach plate. The last batter in the inning popped up on an inside fastball. Maddy camped under it and the top of the 7th was over. 
Maddy was due to bat first in the bottom of the 7th. Coach told her to swing, not bunt. The opposing pitcher had to throw eight balls before Maddy struck out. She kept on fouling them off. 
"No timing," she muttered to Maureen as they passed.
"Thanks for wearing her out," Maureen said.
The opposing coach saw that his pitcher couldn't strike out the opposing team's worst batter and pulled the her. The relief pitcher had not played in the previous game and Maureen didn't know what to expect. She figured fast balls and was right. Her timing was off and she flew out to short center field. 
As soon as she came back to the dugout, Maureen went to stand next to Coach while the second in the lineup went to home plate.
"I'm done, Coach. I have one good strike left."
"Your batting has suffered from pitching seven innings."
"Yes. I had to focus too much on pitching and the knuckleball was less than I wanted."
"Would you use the knuckler in a regular game?" 
"No. Not until I can control it better."
"Work with Wiltz outside of practice. This could be a good pitch for you."
"Yes, Coach."
"I have played you too much as a closer in our league games. That has taken away some of your strength. You can expect some seven inning outings in the games ahead and I want to see some pop on your fast ball in late innings."
"Got it, Coach."
"Wiltz," Coach called and head motioned Maddy to come where he was huddling. Maureen was expecting him to tell her she was coming out.
"Yes, Coach," Maddy said.
"McReady is done for the day on the mound. She'll be catching. You have the mound." 
And then the second in the lineup struck out. The top of the 8th was coming up. 
 # # # # # # # #
Two batters were on base, and none were out when Maureen called for time. 
"They're good players," Maureen tried to excuse. "Second and third in the line-up."
"I'm lucky we have fast outfielders. Those were rockets."
"You're trying too hard. Stay within yourself. Your fastballs are good enough at the speed you have if you position them properly. Don't try to give them pitches at a speed you've never had before. Go back to your regular speed. Keep your pitches low. We're going to walk the next batter."
"Are you trying to increase my stress levels?"
"Well, maybe. But with the bases loaded, we have double plays at all bases. If you keep the ball low, you'll get grounders. Let your teammates pull you out of this inning. Keep your chin up."
Maddy calmed down some as she very slowly threw four pitchouts. Instead of throwing the ball back to Maddy, Maureen threw the ball to first base, who threw it to second, who threw it to third, who tossed it to short stop, who walked the ball to the mound. "Double play coming up," Third predicted after the fourth ball. Maureen was at the mound. "Put your pitches exactly where I want them. You'll be fine."
At bat was the Rainbow Warriors' clean up hitter. Maureen knew that she'd be swinging for the fences. First pitch: junk curling outside for a ball; second pitch: junk curling outside again, but just missing the strike zone. Cleanup didn't want a walk. She wanted a grand slam home run so she stepped out of the box, knocked some invisible mud from her cleats, and stepped back in. In doing so, Maureen saw she was now positioned to hit an outside pitch.
Third pitch: Maureen called for an inside fastball at the knees and in the strike zone. Cleanup swung hard but Maddy's pitch jammed her. That resulted in a pop up in front of home plate. 
"Catcher, catcher, catcher," Maureen called. Out of the corner of her eye, she saw Cleanup banging her bat in disgust on the dirt. So Maureen didn't catch the ball, but let it fall to the ground. She picked it up on the bounce, and stepped on home plate making the runner on third out. Then, she threw the ball to first who stepped on the bag before Cleanup caught on to what was happening. "Double play," the ump said. That left runners on second and third who had known enough to advance. 
With two on base and two out, Maureen called for a deliberate walk again. Bases were now full. Again keeping the ball low, Maddy got a two bouncer to Short and Tanya flipped the ball to Second for the out. 
 # # # # # # # #
Bottom of the eighth and the mercy rule was in effect. It was three up and three down as the Wildcat batters simply tapped the ball back to the pitcher.
Top of the ninth. "Trust your teammates," Maureen said as they walked onto the field.
Maddy got the first batter with a hard earned strike out that took six pitches. The second batter connected with a drop ball that didn't drop. Right fielder caught the ball on the bounce and relayed the ball into second base who was the cut off. The runner didn't try to advance. 
One out, one on base. 
Junk ball away, junk ball in. These were double plays waiting to happen and the batter knew that. On the third offering, Maureen called for a pitch out and gunned the runner down before she was close to 2nd. Maureen had one strike left in her arm and she had used it.
 Last batter tapped the first pitch, a fast ball down the middle of the plate, back to Maddy and the game was over. Coach recognized Maureen's performance by awarding the game ball to her. This was not something that Coach did very often. 

Back to the Table of Contents
Chapter 11

Heaven: January 5, 2095
Shields to Galahad and Winnie: We have to talk. Soon! I am available now.
Galahad to Winnie and Shields. I can do now. 
Winnie to Shields and Galahad: Castle boardroom, now.
...
"This is a transcript of a CWO transmission that came into our military network. I've made two copies."
"Thanks, Shields."
 # # # # # # # #
To Shields
Trade Authority, Planet Heaven

From: Aphrodite, 
Vice President, Planet Dionysus 

We are unable to proceed with your offer to trade certain exotic foods to us. We have discovered something very distressing. If you wish to discuss this in person, please reply with details of your delegation and when we might expect you. If you do not reply, we will consider this trade agreement cancelled. 
 # # # # # # # #
For transmission via CWA to Dionysus
To: Aphrodite, Vice President, Planet Dionysus.
From Shields, Trade Authority, Heaven

We will leave within hours. We estimate arrival in about 24 hours our time. Traveling with me are Galahad, Commander of our Space Force and Guinevere, representative of our Queen. 
 # # # # # # # #
To Shields
Trade Authority, Heaven

From: Aphrodite, 
Vice President, Planet Dionysus 

When you arrive, put your ship into orbit and dock your ship-to-shore vehicle in any empty slot in our spaceport. Ask for directions to Government House and then ask for me. Kindly do not bring any chocolate with you. 
 # # # # # # # #
"That doesn't sound good," Galahad said. 
"Any ideas, Shields?" Winnie asked.
"Whatever the problem is, it's not about the price."
"Don't rush packing. Take everything we might need for a lengthy stay under battle conditions."
"Galahad is just being Galahad, Winnie. That's his standard speech to his crew when we're getting ready to disembark."
"It sounds good to me. Shields, could you stay for a bit while Galahad crams the Christian Soldiers warehouse into Heaven.1's hold."
....
"You know about the Angelion curse. What you may not know is that I'm vulnerable to it. I was supposed to start the first of three days of the curse today, but so far, I'm fine. I've taken all the meds that I was supposed to. These meds have worked on the Angelion angels. If I start going sex crazy, lock me up. Try and delay the meeting if you can. If not, find out what went wrong and tell them you have to consult."
"I knew you were looking for the cure because you had it too. I understood that the curse is very predictable."
"It is. I'm at least six hours delayed if I'm going to catch it."
"So, no worries then." 

Back to the Table of Contents
Chapter 12

Winnie woke to find herself in the ship's boardroom wearing magnetic boots and a space walk tether that limited her movements so that she couldn't reach the door. She checked her calendar. January 8th, Earth time. The conclusion was obvious: she had been cursed.
The boots were easy to undo and with that, she was free to move. A READ THIS! sign on the door prompted her to read it. 
 # # # # # # # #
January 6, morning, Dionysus time: Winnie, you fell into the curse immediately after we went to warp. We went to impulse engines but that didn't help, so we resumed warp speed. We don't know when you are going to come out of this. Your first day was not what it was supposed to be. No sex attack on Galahad. Instead, you went into a crying fit and couldn't be consoled. We moved you into the boardroom and kept you hydrated. You didn't know where you were or even that we were there. We're approaching Dionysus and are not sure what to do. We are out of warp but that didn't help you. 
January 6 afternoon, Dionysus time: Winnie, we can't risk missing the meeting with Aphrodite. You are in a cleaning mode right now. We've left you some rags and cleanser. Right now, you are washing the underside of the boardroom table and seem likely to stay there for a while. You have a disgusted look on your face and are muttering about people not knowing how to clean a room properly. We have lots of fluids for you to drink. We've tried to give you food but you try to clean it. To keep you safe, we have tethered you into the room. It's easy enough for you to undo, but you don't realize that you are tethered in your condition. Galahad and I will have our meeting and return to the ship in time to care for you during your third day. We'll say that you are contagious and didn't want to infect anybody. Galahad thinks you will be sex crazed. I have pulled woman rank on him and he'll be sleeping in the lifeboat if he's right. I'll be back in a few hours and will destroy these notes. Sorry that I couldn't stay with you, but I absolutely have to be at this meeting. 
 # # # # # # # #
A glance at the ship's clock confirmed Winnie's sinking feeling that something very bad had happened. Shields had written that note two days ago. They wouldn't have left her alone in the ship for two days. At least, not willingly. She checked to see if the lifeboat were back but didn't expect to see it. It wasn't there. Off to the command post.
Heaven.1 to Dionysus Spaceport control. Please respond.
Dionysus Port Command to Heaven.1: How may we help? 
Heaven.1 to Dionysus Port Command: Do you have a shuttle service to the planet?
Dionysus Port Command to Heaven.1: Yes. When would you like a pick up?
Heaven.1 to Dionysus Port Command: At your earliest convenience.
Dionysus Port Command to Heaven.1: On our way.
Winnie rummaged through Shield's emergency rucksack. She didn't see anything that would help her but grabbed some knives in case her sling didn't work. She did notice that Shields had already armed up. Galahad would have too. 
Winnie was waiting in her angel body at the airlock when the shuttle arrived. At the port, she turned down the offer of further assistance and left. As soon as she could, she activated her sling. The invisibility and flying powers worked. She'd check her weapon array shortly. 
 # # # # # # # #
First order of business? Recon, as in reconnaissance. Never go into battle without learning all you can about the battleground. Hank had drummed that into all of the Wilizy kids, including five-year-old Winnie. 
A bird's eye view revealed that the planet had lots of birds ranging from tiny to huge. Winnie accelerated up to where the big birds were riding on the wind currents and changed to her angelic body. It had much better far-sight.
This part of Dionysus was mostly water. The spaceport was on a large archipelago that hung off a much larger landmass with hills that were heavily treed. To the south of the archipelago, she could see nothing but water. Flying east at maximum height, she could see more archipelagoes hanging from same treed land mass. Same thing to the west. It was likely that the same degree of civilization would be found in those archipelagoes. In early days, those places would have been ocean ports. The city holding the spaceport was very large. That was to be expected with the Government House being located there. 
Back she went to her invisible mortal body and a much lower altitude. Sail powered boats were widespread. They were probably fishing boats based on the activity she could see on deck. A vessel was leaving the port on a westward direction, probably to the next archipelago. It was flying just above the waves. Some sort of solar powered hovercraft? The deck was crowded with bodies sitting and looking at the scenery. A covered area would have had the same function in times of inclement weather. The hovercraft was moving fast with no signs of rocking. 
She saw a large seaport at the western side of the archipelago. This was filled with large freighters attached to docks. These ships had the same profile as the passenger hovercraft. Presumably, hovercraft too. The freighters would have needed powerful thrusters to keep them above the waves. 
Where's the airport? She searched the perimeter of the city and found nothing of that kind. They rely on sea and space transportation only?
What about land transport in the city? Hover craft concept again. Lots of traffic moving along a systematic grid. No copters in sight.
Time to find the lifeboat. But first, check the weapons. For the gravity beam, she forced a squawking seagull type bird to land on the water when it didn't want to. For the lasers, she found a tree perched on a cliff side and shot off a branch. Thank goodness for William. 
 # # # # # # # #
The invisible lifeboat was in a clearing in the hillside north of the city. Those tree covered hills? Not as heavily treed as she had thought. The trees had been planted in rows that went up and down the hillside no matter the terrain. They bore some sort of round fruit, which Winnie was not about to taste. She did touch one. Hard. 
Winnie ducked into the lifeboat in case Shields had left a note. She hadn't. It was time to return to the city and call on somebody named Aphrodite. Winnie knew that Shields and Galahad had probably converted to a bird to fly into the city. She did the same. Nobody would notice her circling and landing. Birds were everywhere. She found a dark side of a building on an alley and changed into her angel feathers. When she stepped onto the nearest street, she received a lot of interest. People stared at her to the point of turning around and watching her as she walked by them. 
The people were humanoids with two legs, two arms, a face, a head, etc. In stature, they were uniformly short with the males being slightly taller. If Winnie had been in mortal form, the top of their heads would have reached her chin. 
All of them had a mass of black hair. The women coiled it on the top of their head or braided it; the men had bushy long beards to go with hair that reached their collar. Clothing consisted of a long piece of material that was draped around their body. These were like robes that fell to their ankles for the women and to their knees for the men. Belts and ornamental clasps kept these robes closed. A short-sleeved tunic served to cover the top of their body under the robe. For some, that tunic revealed bulges that revealed their women were true mammals. The clothes looked light and airy which was a feature probably driven by the heat from their sun. A breeze off the water helped. Most clothing was in a shade of white, but most citizens wore something of colorful somewhere on their body. They had brown or black sandals on their feet. 
Winnie found Government House easily. It took up an entire block of the inner city and was situated behind an ornamental wall of metallic spears (?) that were embedded vertically in the ground and came up to shoulder height of the citizens. 
An obvious military man stood at attention at the front gate. He held the base of one of the spears in his right hand with the sharp tip resting on his shoulder. Not a spear. More like a pike. It was definitely a weapon. Winnie noticed that he had six digits clasping that weapon. Four were fingers compete with fingernails. He had an opposable thumb at one end of this hand and second opposable thumb at the other end. The thumbs ended in a thick curled talon instead of a thumbnail. 
"I am the representative of Queen Guinevere of Heaven to see Vice President Aphrodite. Please convey my apologies for being late to our meeting. I was unavoidably detained." 
 # # # # # # # #
Aphrodite was dressed in the same fashion as the other Dionysusions that Winnie had seen, but her clothes were similar to the others only in shape and design. The best way to describe them would be as regal and expensive. She had jewelry in her hair, on her wrists, and on her fingers. The vice-president was standing behind a slab of pure white marble that served as a desk. Winnie could see her sandals and those had jewelry as well. The desktop had a computer of some sort with an Apple symbol on its cover. Obviously, she had to have the best in everything. 
A guard brought Winnie fully into the office and instructed her to stand in front of the desk. 
"If you have come to challenge my ruling, you are wasting your time and my time."
"I do not know what your ruling is. I was unable to attend the meeting, as I may have been contagious. I did not want to risk infecting others." Winnie noticed an echo in the room. The room was about three stories high with the ceiling held up by stone columns. A set of windows that their spaceship almost could have flown through provided a cooling breeze and a view of the ocean. 
"Your associates mentioned that. We found poison in the second shipment of chocolate that you sent to us. Fortunately, we scan every type of foodstuff that we receive from other planets. We will not proceed with any trade agreement with Heaven given the danger your products pose to our population."
"Did you find poison in the first shipment?"
"No."
"Angels would not add poison to any food. Somebody added the poison."
"Yes, we concluded that too. The poison could have been added at your end or at our end. 
"Are you investigating at your end?"
"No. We would normally make a complaint to the Cops of the Cosmos who have an office in town, but we can't."
"Why not?"
"As I mentioned to your colleagues, we are not the aggrieved party. You are. The Cops will require you to make the complaint." 
[OMG, she just lied. But, the change in her face was subtle and quick. Coincidence? Are my lie detecting powers actually working here?] 
"Will you return that shipment to us so that we can determine the origin of that poison?"
"I will order that to be done. It will at the port by tomorrow. This audience is over." 
"It's not over yet. If we can determine that the poison was added at your end, will you act to remove that threat? Will you then sign the trade treaty?"
"Yes, to both questions."
"If we determine that the threat was at our end and fix it, will you sign the trade agreement?"
"Yes, provided that the Cops of Cosmos have removed the threat. Are you done now?"
[Why are you trying to get rid of me?] "Not yet. My two colleagues are missing. Do you know where they are?"
"I know nothing about that. Perhaps they didn't want to risk your contagion and are exploring our planet. We have many scenic areas. Will you leave now or must I clap for a guard?" She even raised her two hands. The two talons had small flashes of shiny color embedded within them. 
"I wouldn't have thought that as a potential trading partner, we needed to bring an armed guard to protect our delegation. Isn't it your duty as a reliable trading partner to guarantee the safety of our ships and our personnel?"
 "You make a good point. One of my assistants walked them out. I will ask him if they shared any information with him." She clapped her hands four times.
A subservient appeared at the doorway and bowed. 
[That was very quick.]
"The delegation from Heaven. Do you know where they went when they left Government House?" 
"No, My Lady. But they did ask about popular tourist sites." [You just lied.] 
"I expect that they are indeed travelling around your planet. That sounds like them I'll look around for them and then the three of us will open a complaint with the Cops of the Cosmos."
"Whatever," she disdained. "You may leave now. Don't turn your back on me as you go."

Back to the Table of Contents
Chapter 13

Winnie was back inside Government House within minutes, concealed as a shoulder demon deeply embedded into the hair of the truth challenged assistant. She knew that he wasn't going to confess why he lied, but hoped that he might lead her to somebody who knew the truth. As the workday began to come to an end, Winnie started sending him worry thoughts. Lots of them. Deep worry thoughts. Compulsive worry thoughts. 
Liar-liar-pants-on-fire rushed out of the employee exit to Government House and pushed his way through the crowds. After four blocks of this, he stopped and leaned up against a red brick building. Most of the buildings in the city were constructed of this brick. The Government House was more like a temple. 
LLPOF stood there, apparently completely at ease, but his eyes were focused on an office half way down the block. 
Finally, as the rush of pedestrians ended, he ambled to the building and opened the door. A sign on the door announced that he was entering a Cops of the Cosmos detachment. No staff were waiting to assist at the counter staff, but a male Dionysusian in a uniform of some kind was in an office behind the counter. He had his head down, studying a file on his desk.
"I'd like to report a drunk sleeping in the park."
"Not another," the man said and motioned him in. "Close the door. You shouldn't be here."
"The third angel came to find out about the meeting. She had been infectious."
"We already knew that. Why are you here?"
"I've been ordered to give her the poisoned cartons."
"That's not a problem for us, but it might be for others. Is she leaving the planet soon?"
"No. She talked about her missing colleagues. She thinks that they are touring around the planet. She's going to look for them."
"Was she worried?"
"She didn't seem upset."
"Will she be coming here?"
"Aphrodite told her that she'd have to open a case with you, just as she told the other two. The angel indicated that she'd do that."
"All's good then. We wait one or two days for her to search and not find them. Let the devil at the Lucifus Embassy know what's happening. He'll want to know the timelines."
 # # # # # # # #
Winnie followed Aphrodite's aide to a building in a suburb of the city. It looked the same as the homes in that area - two stories high with the same brick construction as other buildings in the city. A former home converted to a foreign embassy? Unlike its neighbors, this building had an ornamental wall of metallic pikes surrounding it in the same fashion as were around Government House. Probably, the pike wall was a signal to its citizens that this house was an important building. The wall had a gate that the aide opened and shut behind him. A small metal sculpture of a devil's head hung on the door. The aide used the sculpture as a doorknocker and waited. A devil opened the door and the aide entered. 
Winnie did not consider sneaking into the building. She had no idea what surprises awaited an unauthorized visitor, plus she had no backup help. It was enough to know that Lucifus was involved. Galahad and Shields might very well be in that building somewhere. 

Back to the Table of Contents

Chapter 14 

Winnie was in the boardroom of the Heaven.1 staring at an empty computer screen. It was waiting for Winnie to create her plan. For now, that plan was simply to decide what she had to do today to rescue Galahad and Shields. 
I don't see why the poison would have been added to the chocolate before it left Angelion, but Aphrodite showed no reluctance to giving us the samples. It doesn't matter right now where the poison was added. I can figure that out later. Put it on the bottom of the to-do list.

Today's low priority item: Poison: Who? Where? When? Why?

My top priority is to find Shields and Galahad. But, I can't blunder into anything. Something complicated is going on. Apparently, giving me the poison wouldn't affect the Cop of the Cosmo's plans, but it could affect others. Plus, Aphrodite lied to me! She's involved somehow and she's an extremely important official. Lucifus is involved too. I'm inclined to believe that Galahad and Shields are imprisoned in that embassy, but I shouldn't jump to conclusions. There could be more than one plot here. Why would Aphrodite want to capture two angels? That doesn't make any sense. I have to be very careful. I'm on my own and I don't have any idea what's going on.
 
Today's high priority item: Don't trust anybody on Dionysus. Whatever is going on has reached the top levels of authority in Dionysus. 

 I saw no signs of the planet's military. No base. No obvious barracks. Other than their spaceships, I didn't see any armed forces in or near this city. Galahad and Shields had sufficient weaponry to withstand an assault of some kind, So, they weren't overcome with brute force. Besides, they would have flown away if they saw trouble coming. Dionysus has no air force that I could see. The plotters wouldn't have been able to catch a flying angel. Therefore, they were surprised. I need to know how they could have been surprised. Hell would use an angel stassis charger, but Lucifus wouldn't have anything like that. Would the Cops of the Cosmos have a way to surprise two angels?

Today's high priority item: Find out what technology Dionysus and/or the Cops of the Cosmos have that could surprise two military angels. Could Harry help?

Speaking of Harry. I have to tell him that a Cop of the Cosmos could be implicated in one or two plots. A coup perhaps? Plus an assault on two angels? I should contact him very soon. 

Today's immediate priority item: Talk to Harry.

Where are Shields and Galahad? They could be in some sort of prison elsewhere on the planet. But, I think their capturers would want to keep them nearby. How about cells in the bottom of the cop shop? Possible, but not if staff were going in and out. What about inside the Lucifus embassy? Wouldn't that be very dangerous for Lucifus' position on the planet? Why would they want to capture two angels? We haven't done anything to them.
Where else would I hide somebody? It would have to be a place that is hard to get to. Like a spaceship. How would I check what spaceships are around? I don't know how to do that. But our spaceship would have to be able to see the locations of moored spaceships whenever it approached a planet. There has to be a manual here somewhere. I have 48 hours to find them and rescue them, so this is not as important as the others on the list.

Today's second priority item: Search for spaceships in the immediate area. 

I probably need help, but I don't know what to ask for. Technical help? Personnel help? I have to alert Joe-Joe. Perhaps there's a plot to attack Heaven through the disappearance of three individual angels. That seems far-fetched. I have to talk to Joe-Joe anyway so that I can reach Harry. I don't know how to do that directly. 

Today's first immediate priority: Talk to Joe-Joe.

I can't think of anything else to do right now. Get moving Winnie. You're burning time. 
 # # # # # # # #
"I agree with your assessment, Winnie. It could be an internal coup. Lucifus might be involved in that. Destabilizing a planet's government would be something they would do if it increased their chances of acquiring more advanced spaceships. This has been their top priority for decades. I'd doubt they'd be involved in anything that wasn't going to help them in that regard." 
 "You, Galahad and Shields are involved in this somehow but I don't see how or why. A rogue Cop of the Cosmos is unusual. The Cops of the Cosmos are considered corruption free. Did he implicate himself directly?"
"He didn't confess, if that's what you mean. But, he's part of a secret. He didn't like Aphrodite's aide coming to the station."
"We could send Heaven.2 to you, but I don't know how they could help."
"Their appearance might trigger a dangerous reaction."
"Agreed. Don't bother to contact Harry. I'll tell him what you've told me and he can reach you directly, I'm sure. Start your search for hidden prisons in space."
"Do Lillian's boards show anything?"
"They only work here."
 # # # # # # # #
A manual to the ship's navigational instrument was where it should have been: in a cabinet underneath the instruments. Scanning for spaceships around Dionysus seemed straightforward. Winnie sat in the navigator's chair, pushed two buttons simultaneously, and a round green screen lit up. She saw twelve bright dots clustered closely together. Aware that she would have to keep the ship outside of the planet's sensory limits, she pushed a button that turned on the ship's impulse engine and took control of the ship. She planned to do a wide circle around the planet so that she'd see anything that might be on the other side of the planet right now. 
As she approached the cluster, the twelve dots remained difficult to see. Remembering how Galahad had adjusted the screen in the boardroom when they were on their 'date,' she gave it a try. Screen, magnify by 10. It worked. The dots became blobs. Screen, magnify by 10. The blobs became identical rocket style spaceships. Probably freighters. If captured angels had to be hidden, would you store them in a ship that a crewmember could enter at any time? And wouldn't that ship have to be turned on for oxygen purposes? How would she know if the ship engines were on or not? Back to the manual.
The current screen identified locations of ships by bouncing radar signals off their fuselages. Happily, the ship's sensors could also search for thermal heat. Engines, even in idle mode, sent off heat signatures through their exhaust outlets. Winnie shifted screens to thermal heat sensors. The twelve blobs had no heat signatures. 
Screen, reduce magnification by 100. Time to move on. 
 # # # # # # # #
A short trip later Winnie found another blob that was not as big as the freighters.
Screen, magnify by 100. Letters on the ship's fuselage appeared.
C... O... P... S. That'll be the Cops of the Cosmos spaceship. Could they be imprisoned there? Would he be so daring? Thermal imaging shows no heat from the engine. Screen, reduce magnification by 100.
 # # # # # # # #
Another blob appeared as Winnie circumnavigated Dionysus. Winnie was preparing to approach closer before magnifying the screen when...
"Heaven.1: Permission to come aboard?"
Where's the communicator on this console?
"Heaven.1: Permission to come aboard?"
 I know where it is on the captain's chair. 
"Heaven.1: Permission to come aboard? Please respond."
"Who's there?"
"Harry sent me."
"OK, you can come aboard."
"You have to stop the ship first."
"Oh. I can do that."
...
"Heaven 1: Prepare for docking. Do you know what to do?"
"Yes." 
"You should be standing at the airlock with a shotgun in case I'm a pirate."
"Justice, is that you?"
"I give up. You caught me."

Back to the Table of Contents
Chapter 15

Winnie had to shield her eyes from the bright light when the inner air lock door opened. 
"Sorry about that. I dialed the light back as far as I could." 
The bright light disappeared and a Dionysusian appeared.
"Did you just put your spaceship into your pocket?"
"Of course not. Your eyes are still reacting to the bright light."
"I saw you doing it!"
"How are you holding up, Winnie?"
"You look like Aphrodite minus the gowns, jewelry, and attitude."
"Thank you. I had to work hard creating this body. It's been a while since I've seen that cow. Don't tell anybody that I said that. I'm supposed to be impartial. Can we go to a meeting room? I have to unload some stuff." 
...
"This is our boardroom."
"I'll put my cargo on top of the table. It will be easier to access that way."
...
"You had three full rucksacks on your back? Were they inside an invisibility shield?"
"Yeah. They're quite heavy but not too bad in the gravity you have in this ship."
"Why three?"
"Always take everything you might need for a lengthy stay under battle conditions."
"Galahad says that too."
"How's he doing?"
"He's back to normal."
"OK, I know what you told Joe-Joe, which he passed on to Harry, and which he told me. I have some answers for you." 
"First: Any citizen of the Cosmos can register a complaint with the Cops of the Cosmos. Aphrodite could have opened a file on the incident of the poisoned chocolate. Dionysus was as much the aggrieved party as Heaven was because her citizens were in jeopardy." 
"Second: Dionysus has no technology that could surprise Shields and Galahad. All the weaponry they have is antiquated. They are a peaceful planet in terms of relationships with planets outside their cluster."
"Third: The Cops of the Cosmos rely on the long arm of the law to maintain order. They are mediators with the power to influence the behavior of planets that become dangerous. They use the threat of expulsion from the Cosmos as their main threat. The Cosmos does have offensive weaponry but that is distributed only to its investigators and justices. Thus, it is unlikely that the cop on Dionysus has any weaponry that would overcome Galahad and Shields." 
"Fourth: Cops of the Cosmos are supposed to be completely neutral in all events that occur on a planet. How else could they be trusted? It is highly unusual for a cop to be a citizen of the planet that they are guarding. It opens them to undue pressure to ignore certain behaviors or go lightly. In the case of this cop, he was assigned to Dionysus when no other cops were willing to serve."
"Why?"
"That's not important now. I have been sent here to investigate this cop and look into the possibility of a coup of some kind on Dionysus. I am not here to investigate your chocolate problems or the angel napping. I'm not allowed to help you on that. As far as your problems are concerned, I'm not here."
"Did you just confirm that Galahad and Shields have definitely been angel-napped?"
"I'm sure you knew that already. Weren't you in the middle of a search pattern?"
"Yes. I found Dionysus' fleet of freighters and the Cops spaceship, but I saw no thermal evidence of engines being on."
"Good. That rules them out. What now?"
"I've found another blob."
"Carry on then. I'll take a little nap in your command center."
....
"What are you doing, Winnie?"
"I'm thinking."
"I've always found it best to think out loud."
"Won't that disturb your nap?"
"How could it? I'm not here."
"OK. Screen, magnify by 10. I'm going to magnify by ten again because I don't want to approach too close in case the ship can sense Heaven.1. Screen, magnify by 10." 
"I'm seeing what appears to be quite a small ship. It doesn't have a shape that I recognize. That's probably not important. I'll check for thermal images."
...
"Yes, the engine is running. That doesn't necessarily mean that anybody is aboard, but it's likely. I don't see any way of focusing the sensor to find body heat. How important is this to know?'"
...
"It's absolutely necessary. I have to know if a crewmember is aboard, and if there are two additional heat signatures as well. If I mess up and alert a sleeping crewmember, he might execute an angel-napped victim. I wonder what I should do," Winnie said and looked over to the sleeping fake Aphrodite who woke up and left the command center. She returned a minute later.
"I am under orders from an official with the Cops of Cosmos to deliver to you any technical equipment that you might need in your attempt to rescue your colleagues." She put a wand onto Winnie's lap and resumed her sleeping position, closed her eyes and opened her mouth.
"All spaceships are designed so that they are impervious to all forms of radiation bombardment as they fly through space. This means that having a sensor that can read what is behind impervious walls is impossible. That's why they're impervious. At least, that's the conventional wisdom. The wand that you discovered in one of my rucksacks while I was sleeping is a Cosmos-level secret. If you were to place the tip of the wand against the outside of the fuselage of a ship and pull the trigger, the screen would light up and display a blob of light for every live body in that part of the ship. A search of an entire ship would require numerous uses of the wand. As any unauthorized scrounger would do, I'm sure you will sneak this highly secret wand back into my rusk sack after you have used it on that ship. I hope my sleep walking and sleep talking hasn't disturbed your thoughts."
"Do you really have to do this convoluted help routine?"
"I have to. I cannot help you. You have to do this by yourself as much as possible."
"But you are helping me. Why?"
"I don't like people telling me what to do and what not to do. Carry on. You have to get over to that ship. How will you do that?"
"I know how to walk on the fuselage of a spaceship. I did that when Galahad was training his crew to fix solar receptors. I will need magnetic boots, a space suit, and a tether once I'm on the ship."
"Zzzzzz."
"I have to be careful not to set off any alarms. I will use the lifeboat in invisible mode to get close. I don't want to nudge that ship. That might set off alarms."
"Zzzzzz."
"I'm close enough now. I'll find the equipment I'll need and bring it to the air lock."
"Zzzzzz."
Winnie reappeared dressed in a space suit and magnetic boots and oxygen tank. She was carrying the helmet. Justice's sleeping body was at the airlock too.
"Zzzzzz."
"I think I have almost everything that I need. I have the tether that Shields used to on me when I was sick. I don't think it's long enough. I should take longer tethers than I'll need."
"Zzzzzz."
"I'll look for the more tethers now. They're probably in the air lock or close by."
"Zzzzzz."
"I found the storage locker for the tethers and figured out how to join them. I'm going to put my helmet on now."
"You need a partner to do that. Somebody has to check all the helmet connections to the suit. Put your helmet on now, turn on the oxygen, and close the visor."
Winnie felt some touches on the base of her helmet and saw a thumb pointing upwards outside her visor. She felt a slight push and then she was into the airlock. She knew what to do from there.
Winnie hadn't jumped from one ship to another before, but figured that it would be better to push off harder than necessary rather than not enough. As you might expect she passed over the ship and kept going, and going, and going. She reeled herself back with the tether until she hung over the target ship. At that point, she turned the magnetic boots on high and dropped down onto the fuselage. 
 # # # # # # # #
"Did you enjoy the space walk?"
They were in the boardroom and Justice was awake. 
"I did. I enjoyed the results too, sort of. I found two live bodies at the rear of ship. I'm guessing that location would mean that they're in the cargo hold."
"You'd be right."
"I checked the rest of the ship and found nobody there."
"That allowed you to go back to cargo hold and pound on the fuselage with your boots."
"I made three pounds, then three pounds and three more. They'd be able to hear me, right? They'd send some sort of message back. They didn't."
"They'd hear you. What do you conclude?"
"Even if they were tied up, they'd be able respond. I doubt very much that they were tied up. They were angel-napped, moved into a somewhat hidden spaceship which is waiting for me to join them in captivity."
"Yes. Why couldn't they respond?"
"They have to be unconscious from an angelic stassis charger. If an angel is close to one, she'll go down immediately. It operates off a toggle switch on the top. Pound it and it goes on; pound it again, and it goes off. I used a stassis charger once when I was fully mortal. I wasn't affected."
"What now?"
"I expect that only Hell would have this kind of disabling device. Nobody else would need to disable an angel. But, that ship is not a trident class ship. As far as I know, that's all that Hell has access to from Lucifus. I saw numbers on the fuselage. I don't know what those numbers meant. We have our ship's name on our fuselage, so I assume those number are its name."
"You're right. Ship numbers and names are recorded in a Cosmos-wide database. A number indicates that the ship is owned privately. A word indicates that a planet owns the ship. There are a huge number of private ships in the Cosmos."
"How would I get access to that database?"
"Are you an employee of the Cosmos?"
"Sort of. I was an undercover agent for Harry but I didn't receive money or anything. You knew that I was an agent for him."
"Yes, I did. But now that you have officially identified yourself as an agent of Cosmos, I can give you access to the data base." Justice rummaged around in one of the rucksacks and handed her a screen.
"You can figure out how to make this work. I'll be catching up on my sleep on that sofa."
 # # # # # # # #
Winnie tapped Justice's shoulder until she opened her eyes. "I found it," she said.
Justice sat up, pivoted her feet to the deck and relaxed against the padded back of the sofa. "What did you find?"
"You were actually sleeping?"
"On this job, you learn to sleep whenever you can."
"Sorry. It's a private ship based out of Lucifus. The owners name is masked." 
"Conclusion?"
"Lucifus is definitely involved in the kidnapping and they probably have a stassis charger from Hell."
"Zzzzzz."
"They probably received several stassis chargers from Hell."
"One has your name on it. Now what?"
"The ship has to be locked. Our ships are always locked and can only be opened by a chip in our bodies. I don't know how private ships are locked."
"All private ships in the Cosmos have the same class of lock. It's impossible to pick."
"Great!"
"Zzzzzz."
"The Cosmos would never allow any ship to be impenetrable. That means that Cops have a secret way to enter any ship they want to."
"Being an agent, I could give you a master key for private ships."
"But you won't?"
"Zzzzzz."
"You won't because as soon as I entered the ship, I'd fall unconscious."
"Zzzzzz."
"As an agent, would I have a way to neutralize the stassis charger?"
"Yes, but I'm not going to give it to you."
"Why not?"
"I want you to let them angel-nap you."
"Why would I agree to that?"
"I have an idea."
[That's what I say.]

Back to the Table of Contents

Chapter 16

It was January 9, the day that the plotters were expecting Winnie to show up at the Cop Shop to ask them to open an investigation into the chocolate poisoning. Winnie was in the boardroom of the spaceship reporting to Justice what she had done that morning. 
"I picked up the cartons of poisoned chocolate at the port. They're in the hold along with my rucksacks of emergency equipment. I've dipped into my supply of drones and installed them facing the front and the back of the Lucifus embassy. I stayed there for an hour, but didn't see anything. I don't think many Dionysusians would want to request papers to travel to Lucifus for a holiday. It makes one wonder what the embassy staff does."
"According to Cosmos records, only one devil has been authorized to live on Dionysus." 
"Did you pick up the package from Heaven.2?"
"Yes, I introduced myself and Joe-Joe handed it to me personally. He likes what you have in mind. Did you think any more about dying for your planet?"
"Heaven is not a planet. It's a fictional entity high in the sky over Earth. That's why we have to use Angelion to trans-ship our exports. We don't actually exist."
"Did you look through the chocolate cartons for clues?"
"No. I have questions about the offer that you're using to tempt me into doing something incredibly stupid."
"Questions like?"
"How long do I have?"
 "As long as it takes."
"Time off for good behavior?"
"Probably."
"Sex with Galahad?"
"No thanks. I'm in a committed relationship."
"I mean for me."
"That's not for me to say."
"Who's your boyfriend? Another justice type entity?"
"No, but our careers paths sometimes meet. We have the time together that we want. There are times that I don't actually have open cases. Some times it gets very busy."
"Like now?"
"Yes. The planets in this cluster are ... how should I say it .... freaking pains in the freaking butt."
"Why'd you clean that comment up?"
"Young ears should not be sullied by Cosmos profanities. Do you hear that beeping?"
"I do. What's happening?"
"Another ship is entering into an orbit around Dionysus. A long distance orbit. I put your ship's sensors on a continuous sweep when I pulled it way back from the planet. I didn't think that you'd want it found when you went to great mortuary in the sky. We'll take a closer look at it after it's anchored."
"This ship can do automatic sweeps?"
"Yeah."
"I'm going to a mortuary in the sky?"
"Planet Corpse provides mortuary services for the Cosmos. Their people believe they go to an afterlife of mortuary blessedness when they die."
"I'm almost certain you are pulling my leg."
"Wait until you travel there. The atmosphere is made of liquid formaldehyde. It stinks real baaaad."
"Now I'm sure."
"Screen, magnify by 1000."
...
"Do you recognize that profile?"
"Trident class from Lucifus. I see the number 5 on the fuselage."
"Get down to the planet and watch the embassy. Don't go in."
"You didn't expect this, did you?"
"Random events are freaking, etc. Fortunately, we have time to make adjustments."
"Am I still going to die?"
"I hope so. It would be a shame to waste the flowers."
# # # # # # # #
"Did anything happen down there?" Justice asked.
"Nothing at the embassy while I was watching. Anything with the Trident.5?" Winnie asked. [Winnie had used the invisible lifeboat to surveil the embassy and had returned to Heaven.1 to report in.]
"It's just sitting there. We're running out of time."
"I was thinking about your idea. I have a different idea."
"About what."
"I don't like the part where you disable the angelic stassis charger from outside the ship."
"What's wrong with that part?"
"You aren't in the ship to time it properly. What would happen if you disabled the charger when a devil was on guard in the hold?" 
"I see your point. Mass confusion. What's your idea?"
"Can you make me immune to the charger?"
"Yes. You'd have to fake being unconscious."
"I can do that."
"The devils that are picking you up are programmed to hate angels. They may take advantage of the opportunity."
"Opportunity?"
"You know what I mean."
"If they do, I'll wake up and defend myself. I'll have the element of surprise plus I have good hand-to-claw skills. They will die and we'll carry on with your idea."
"What's the advantage of your idea over my idea?"
"If your idea fails, Shields and Galahad won't know what's happening and could die. If my idea fails, I may be assaulted but I'll still be alive and so will Shields and Galahad."
"You're willing to take the risk?"
"It's a calculated risk."
"There'll be more than one devil."
"But there's only enough room in the ship for one devil to fight me at a time."
"Let's go with your idea."
# # # # # # # #
 "It's time for you to go down. They won't hold you in the cop shop for long."
"I need to pick up my drones. I can't leave them in place. I'll check first for any movement out of the embassy."
"We shouldn't take you down in the life boat. I'll take you down in my lightship and hang around in case you need help."
...
"I knew you had put it in your pocket! That's amazing."
"Won't the bright light attract attention?"
"For undercover action, the ship will work with dark light. Would you like an aisle seat or a window seat? I caution you that the windows are quite tiny."
"Really? Actual windows?"
"Not actual windows, but you'll have 360 degrees of viewing pleasure."
"I know what my answer to your offer will be now."

 Back to the Table of Contents
Chapter 17

Justice watched as the Dionysus cop shifted a large carry bag from his shoulder into the hold of his office's shuttle ship that was parked at a reserved spot at the spaceport. It was late at night and nobody was around to see. As the shuttle took off, so did she. She made it to the Lucifus yacht in time to see the Trident.5 ship dock with it. There'd be only one reason for that to happen: to transfer two bodies from the hold of private ship into the hold of Trident.5. With no devils in the yacht, whoever was in the Trident.5 obviously had the means to open the air lock from the outside. The transfer was quick. Trident.5 disengaged and backed away leaving the empty yacht orbiting the planet. 
By this time, the cop's shuttle was in space and approaching Trident.5. A transfer of cargo was quickly completed through the air lock and the shuttle returned to Dionysus. Justice had pictures of both cargo exchanges and waited in her darkness. When Trident.5 engaged its impulse engines and then its warp drive, Justice followed the general heading with Heaven.1's impulse engines. She was in no apparent hurry to reach Lucifus before the Trident.5.
# # # # # # # #
It wasn't long before Justice sighted Trident.5 drifting in space. As any good citizen of the Cosmos would do, she decided to see if the ship needed help. She glided carefully into the airlock and tapped a few times to get attention. Winnie was waiting after the air had been recycled. 
"Any troubles?"
"No. Only two devils were aboard and Galahad and Shields didn't appreciate their enforced naps. I told them that they didn't have to hold back in showing their lack of appreciation. The descaled bodies are in the hold."
"I should see them."
...
"These are big devils. You nabbed two important ones."
"Yeah, we figured that out from the time they took to die. Lucifus wouldn't have wanted an average bus driver to know that they were carrying three angels. Watch your step; bloody scales are everywhere."
"Where are Galahad and Shields?"
"Command center. I told them you'd be here. They don't know anything otherwise."
"Does anybody here know how to fly this beast?"
"Shields says that she can put it into warp drive."
"We'll get her to do that and then I will have to do my duty."
...
"Galahad, tell me everything that happened after you entered Government House. I caution you that this inquiry is being recorded and that you are under the truth ray."
 # # # # # # # #
"My ruling is that both of you were entitled to defend yourself from being taken to Lucifus. The Cosmos will take no action against you."
"What are we going to do now?" Galahad asked. "We have dead devils in this ship and we can't exactly ride Trident.5 home to Heaven."
"Winnie has that covered."
"Why am I not surprised?" Shields asked.

Back to the Table of Contents
Chapter 18

"Three angels are safely stored on Lucifus.5," Asmodeus reported to Satan via CWO. 
"Any problems?"
"None, other than a delay when Guinevere was searching Dionysus for the other two angels that we snagged first. She had become infectious but walked right into the trap two days later."
"What does she look like?"
"I didn't actually see her. I've been stuck in the embassy the whole time I've been here. Our friend in the Cops caught her with my angelic stassis charger and took her up to the Lucifus.5. Oldsmobile gave me the gold that Lucifus had promised to pay me. Our friend the Cop has just ferried me and my crew up to the yacht and we're on our way home."
"Who is Oldsmobile?"
"That's the personal name of the devil in Lucifus' consulate. He saw the words when he was watching Earth's TV Star Trek series and liked them."
"What do they mean?"
"He doesn't know. I don't either. Lucifus had a lot of young trekkies fans throughout the planet back then. I didn't watch. They didn't have any devils in the show."
"What do we do now?"
"Take Lucifus.1 on a training run that will end at Lucifus. I'll dock the yacht with you and I'll transfer my cargo and the gold to the ship. Then we'll wait for the Lucifus.5 to arrive. You can personally hand over the three angel to Burger King. You and I can talk about horn growth later."
"Let me know when you're eight hours out."
"Will do, Sire."
 # # # # # # # #
A day later, the Cop of the Cosmos responsible for the sector of space around Lucifus set down at their spaceport and asked for somebody in charge to come to his ship. Colgate Dental, a Lucifus trekkie who unknowingly had named himself after a tube of toothpaste, joined the Cop in his ship. 
"Yesterday, our sensors recorded a huge flash in space. We investigated and found signs that one of your ships was involved."
"What signs?"
"Pieces of the propulsion unit. The trident class of spaceships has unique propulsion units." [He was trying to say nicely that Trident spaceships have obsolete propulsion units.]
"Survivors?"
"None. I'll take you to the site."
...
"There's not much to see. The blast obliterated almost everything. We didn't find any number indicating what ship exploded, but you'll know if one of your ships is out and does not return. "
"We do have a ship that we can't reach."
"Was it carrying anything explosive?"
"No."
"Well, something in the ship exploded. Probably in the hold. The blast was so hot that whatever was in the hold liquefied. Our guess is that something organic was in the hold. We also found feathers. Possibly angel feathers."
"We trade for feathers for luxury pillows. That may have been what the ship was carrying. I'd have to see the ship's manifest to be sure."
"We also found devil scales floating in the debris. We collected a few to give you. Perhaps the crew were in the hold when it exploded." 
"That's possible. Are you sure that the blast began inside the ship? This wasn't a case of a foreign ship attacking us?"
"That would have caused entirely different shaped fragments. Whatever that ship was carrying exploded."
"I'll let my boss know."
# # # # # # # #
While we don't know for sure what was said between Lucifus and Hell, we can form tentative conclusions about that conversation. 
[Lucifus' chief executive was another trekkie. He had adopted the name 'Burger King' because he saw these words on the screen. He didn't know what a burger meant but he knew that a king was a ruler for life.] 
Burger King: "We know that three angels were in that ship. Our contact in Dionysus confirmed this. They were supposed to disappear. They weren't supposed to blow up in our back yard. Heaven will hear about the explosion and eventually will receive a copy of the report."
Satan: "Angels can blow themselves up and the explosion can be devastating. Three angels blowing themselves up would certainly destroy that ship. The shiny substance on the fragment of the hold sounds very similar to when another angel blew himself up in Hell. I reminded Asmodeus of this risk."
Burger King: "Heaven won't know anything about the shiny substance in Hell, but there's enough other evidence pointing right at us. Heaven will know that three of their angels were in Dionysus. They won't be able to find them. They'll know what happened when the Cops tell them that they found angel feathers in the debris around an exploded Lucifus spaceship."
Satan: "So they know that we took out three of their top angels. They can't accuse us formally because they have no proof. Just like we can't prove that Heaven has a way for Angels to beat our security. Look at what we've accomplished. Three very important angels are gone. We have learned that their space program relies on trade and that makes them very vulnerable. We can ruin their reputation very easily."
Burger King: "We need to cut off any loose ends."
Satan: "The loose end is returning to Hell soon. He won't suspect anything."

Back to the Table of Contents
Chapter 19

"I had an informal meeting with Harry this morning," Lillian said. "He heard from the Cop who investigated the explosion of the Lucifus ship. He concluded that an explosion in the hold of the ship completely destroyed the ship."
"That light bomb that I took up for Galahad was very effective." Joe-Joe bragged a bit. "Will that cop pursue it any further?"
 "No. He has his suspicions, but in the absence of any complaint from Heaven, he can't pursue it."
"How much does Harry know?"
"Unofficially, he knows what we know. We have Winnie's report and he has a report from the Justice entity."
"Will Hell and Lucifus strike again?"
"Harry says that they will. This joint attack reveals that Hell has a new relationship with Lucifus, one in which Lucifus is assisting Hell more directly." 
"They're obviously familiar with our trading initiative," Joe-Joe started. "Economically, Hell is at a big disadvantage. Militarily, we have more spaceships and they're far more powerful than the tridents."
"So, now we're looking at a space conflict with Hell and its new ally. Can we count on Angelion?"
"Shields suggests that we can't. The poisoning of the chocolate had to occur at the Angelion end. Winnie gave her the package of chocolate that was supposedly poisoned. She's going to examine that for clues. Until we find out the extent of the threat, Shields says that we should put our trading on hold. She'll use the time to build up more trading stock and increase the effectiveness of the sowing and harvesting machines." 
"Will she investigate at the Angelion end?" Lillian asked.
"No. That's not her skill set. She'll tell President Ritchit what we've been able to determine. She helped to save his life, so they have a good relationship. But Ritchit is facing a lot of passive resistance in the changes he has to make to satisfy the Cosmos. That will take up all his time."
"What are you doing militarily, Joe-Joe?"
"I'm following Guinny's orders to combine all branches of the Christian Soldiers into one force and ensure that all members have experience in space."
"That was Galahad's recommendation to you."
"Yes. She's putting him in charge of a transition committee. He'll have no formal authority over the other senior officers yet, but they'll be able to see what's coming. Galahad will continue to command the space force."
"And you? Are you sidelined?"
"No, I'm in charge of the whole shebang. That position will allow me to monitor the level of cooperation Galahad is receiving. We have lots of good young officers in the corp. We may have to retire anybody who can't adjust to expanding our focus to conflicts in the new world of space."
"Guinny unofficially lent Winnie out to a member of the Justice Department of the Cosmos. She's been having difficulty with some planets in the Cluster of Heracles, whatever that is. The justice in charge asked for her help specifically. They've interacted twice now and seem to have a good working relationship. Guinny asked me if I needed her and I said no. If she's going to be dead, she might as well be dead where nobody from Hell or Lucifus can accidentally spot her."
"When will the three dead angels come back to life?" Joe-Joe asked. 
"Good question. We should plan a Surprise, we're alive! party, I think."
# # # # # # # #
"Asmodeus isn't going to return to Hell, is he?" Burger King asked in a snarly voice. 
"No," Satan conceded. 
"Do you know where he is?"
"With that yacht, he could be anywhere. If I had to guess, I'd say that he's hiding out in Angelion. He thinks he can find his daughter there. He wants to pull her into tiny pieces."
"Can you find him in Angelion?"
"He's in angelic form and he's had time to practice in that body. It will be difficult to find him. I do know that he bribed a customs agent in charge of import and export forms at the space port."
"Satan, I want my yacht back. I want my gold back. I want him to pay for the ship he lost. And I want to see his head. Don't bother sending me his body. Until I get those, you'll receive no support from Lucifus."
"He was an inner pentagram devil and very wealthy. I'll liquidate his wealth and send that to you. That will easily cover the gold he took from you and the ship."
"His head?"
"That could be more difficult." 
# # # # # # # #
"Lucky!" Sludge exclaimed. "When did you return?"
"An hour ago. Friend, I've been looking for you."
"How was your trip?"
"Not profitable, but enjoyable none the less. I need a better crew for this ship. By any chance do you know how to pilot a spaceship?"
"As a youth, I watched a lot of Star Trek. My buddies called me Sugar Smacks."
"What does that mean?"
"I don't know. They were words that kept appearing on the screen. I think they called me that because I like sugar."
[Narrator: Burger King, Sugar Smacks, Colgate Dental and Oldsmobile actually did have ads on Star Trek shows. It's entirely realistic for these extraterrestrials to chose those words for their names without realizing they were watching ads. Stranger things have happened in this novel series.]
"Watching Star Trek won't give you the skills to pilot a space yacht."
"Yeah, I know. Today's ships are more advanced than they were back then. I did spend some time in Angelion's space force. I know how to navigate and drive a ship. Unfortunately, they had a rule about drinking and driving."
"I don't have a rule like that. Let's go for a cruise and you can show me what you remember."
"Where do you want to go?"
"Some place where I can have my current pilot check how safe the airlock is."

Back to the Table of Contents
Chapter 20

"Do you know anything about Earth's Greek gods?" Justice asked Winnie. She and Winnie had docked their two lightships together so that they could see each other while they were communicating. Yes, Winnie had a light ship. Justice had offered her a personal pocketable light ship if she would help her with an investigation. That's what tipped Winnie into agreeing. More about the investigation later. First, the light ship. 
In order to keep control over all the planets in the Cosmos, the leaders of the governing body knew that they had to have a technological edge over the planets. For example, the ability to enter locked ships and search them for contraband. To achieve that superiority, they routinely monitored planets looking for exceptional scientific and technical minds. When they found them, they offered them jobs and scientific facilities that were impossible to turn down. Collaboration with other genius level colleagues. Labs with any tool or device they wanted. Unlimited resources. Plus a secure environment where they could explore, experiment, theorize and test without being disturbed or pressured. This concentration of top scientists in secret Cosmos labs had developed warp speed spaceship long before Star Trek hit the airwaves. Warp speed was publicly capped at 9.9, but the Cosmos scientists had broken that barrier in the last decade. The discovery that blew that limit off was their lightship. 
The most advanced planetary owned spaceships were powered by solar power. Essentially, heat from a star/sun was used to generate power. Light ships were powered by light itself. For them, Warp 10 was now considered slow. If maximum speed were needed, light ships could travel at the speed of light. However, that maximum was inherently dangerous. What would happen if a light ship that was traveling at the speed of light accidentally hit a planet? They didn't want to find out. 
Further explorations on the concept of a light ship were ongoing. Availability of such ships was limited to Cosmos justices who were given the ships so that they could do their jobs. However, they were also serving as guinea pigs, as in What would happen if....?
 Current light ships were capped at travelling at Warp 20 and only in wide-open interstellar spaces. Light ships could also be used to pass through thin barriers like the fuselages of spaceships or the walls of buildings. These penetrations were to be used only under severely constrained power. Flying through the wall of a ship's fuselage and exiting though the other side was dangerous for all. Tip-toe time. 
Light ships operated most effectively in solar systems where ample light was available. Stored light was used to power the ships at warp speed to the next solar system. Some caution was necessary. You didn't want to run out of stored light. Scientists were working on dark power, but progress on this was slow. 
 Only the mind of the designated light ship owner could power up and drive a light ship. Light ships had numerous attractive features. They were controlled by thought. They were collapsible and could be stored in pockets, as you have read. Oxygen was never an issue. Several individual lights ships could be joined through airlocks to make bigger light ships. Light ships could communicate with each other across the Cosmos with no time delays. 
A justice's light ship did not have weapons powered by light. These were still theoretical in nature. Cosmos official were considering whether they should be banned from research, let alone developed. Lasers, of course, had been around for a long time. But a weapon of light powered by a light ship was like bringing a nuclear weapon to a water pistol fight. Instead, justices were confined to using the threat of loss of civilization status as their ultimate 'weapon.' Plus, they had 'magic tricks' that they could use to demonstrate that they had insurmountable power. Levitations of bodies into the air, for example. Force-field invisibility shields, as another example. Justices could deliver death sentences. They just couldn't deliver that sentence with their light ship.
Back to the story now. 
# # # # # # # #
"Do you know anything about Earth's Greek gods?" Justice asked Winnie. 
 "I don't think so. I heard an expression about a guy looking like a Greek god, but to me, that meant he was handsome."
"Some Greek gods were definitely extremely handsome; some Greek goddesses, as they were known back then, were extremely beautiful. Legends about Greek gods began about 1600 BC Earth time. The religion ended in about 900 AD. During that time there were several generations of Greek gods."
"They were called Greek gods because they lived in Greece?"
"They lived above Greece actually, in a theoretical place called Olympus. Greek mythology is a collection of epic stories about gods, goddesses and heroes. The ancient Greeks told most of these stories to their families and friends over many generations. The stories often featured wars, heroic battles, and frightening monsters. But they also taught the importance of bravery, intelligence, fear, love, fun, and right and wrong. The ancient Greeks used myths about Gods to help them understand things happening around them such as the forces of nature. There were sea gods, woodland gods, sky gods, underwater gods, half-gods and human heroes undertaking courageous or romantic adventures. That part of the Greek god mythology was valuable."
"Suggesting that another part was not so valuable."
"Yes. The idea that the Greek gods lived in Olympus was a big fat lie. They lived in their spaceships that were orbiting over Greece. Before the gods arrived in their spaceships, the Cosmos was searching for a planet to supervise the ongoing civilization of Earth. Essentially, they wanted some Cosmos citizens to stop Earthlings from killing each other off. The planets in the Cluster of Heracles offered to do this for a price. The Cosmos agreed to pay because no other planet would take the job of domesticating the murderous mortals. That was the beginning of the practice where the Cosmos paid fees to the home planet for helping planets to achieve civilization status. Unfortunately, the Greek gods had no success after more than 2000 years of trying and were fired. They had spent more time fighting each other than civilizing. A planet of engineers was given the Earth assignment. They too had to be fired. Mortals were still killing each other in great numbers, but they had Roman roads now to get to the battle grounds more quickly." 
"The Greek gods returned to their planets in the Cluster of Heracles in disgrace. Now, centuries later, they were still fighting each other. The Cosmos believed that if these planets had something worthwhile to do, they'd grow out of their habit of bickering, fighting wars, partying, getting drunk, and ruining the property values of nearby planets."
"This would be planets like Dionysus?"
"Yes. The God of Dionysus was the god of wine, pleasure, festivity, madness and wild frenzy. He was depicted as either an older, bearded god or an effeminate, long-haired youth. Today's God of Dionysus is effeminate and long-haired. This does not go over well with the heavily bearded men of Dionysus."
"And the other gods?"
"They came from other planets named after Zeus, Hera, Poseidon, and Ares for example. Adonis was the male god of beauty; Aphrodite who you met was known as the goddess of beauty."
"I was not impressed."
"Some Greek gods are very good; others are not. In Greek mythology, Koalemos was known as the god of stupidity. Zeus was known for his erotic escapades and was rarely faithful to his wife Hera. Hera pretty much hated everybody, so she tried to make everybody miserable, especially Zeus' bedmates. This kind of behavior had started on Earth and has continued ever since."
"I notice that we're orbiting over Dionysus. I assume that's not a coincidence."
"Aphrodite is planning a coup against President Dionysus who, while beardless, is an effective administrator. The planet's government is an elected senate of twelve citizens. Each senator runs a major department of the government. Vice President Aphrodite also controls a governmental department, in her case, Trade and International Relations. Any senator can propose a vote of non-confidence in the president. If at least eight of the senators approve that motion, the vice-president assumes power and one senator becomes vice president. Such changes in leadership are quite divisive in the country since the twelve senators are usually quite popular. If you were to see a picture of them all, you'd see masses of bushy beards, which are a sign of male power and virility. Women can be elected to the senate if they are very beautiful. Aphrodite worked her way up through the senate with sex. She's working her way through the senate now, only this time to obtain the eight votes she needs." 
"Lucifus is helping her, as is the Cop of the Cosmos. We don't know why they're doing that. I can't find out right now because the other planets are approaching their 'let's have a war against everybody in the cluster' phase of their collective cycle of stupidity. I have to keep an eye on them. The Cosmos is tired of all this drama. No cop will take a tour of duty here, which is why a man from Dionysus was able to insert himself into the Cop of the Cosmo program. As you've seen, he is dirty. I'm the designated fixer of all of this."
"Did you agree or were you forced?"
"I volunteered, of course. If you want to get somewhere in your career, volunteer a lot."

Back to the Table of Contents

Chapter 21

Through the magic of starting a new chapter, we are now in Arizona. Even a light ship can't fly that fast and far.
William had invented an invisible drone that could search a predetermined landmass scanning for the odor of gases escaping from functioning drug laboratories. Right now, four of those drones were patrolling the skies over Arizona. Yes, the Wilizy had already destroyed a major Arizonan MescalMeth lab, but that didn't mean that they had found them all. Jock wanted to ensure that Arizona was drug free before moving on. Sadly, it was not. The Guardian Angels' first target would be in Flagstaff. 
 Universities such as the Northern Arizona University were prime breeding grounds for drug addicts. Drug labs, by their smelly nature, needed to be in remote areas full of pure air that would disperse the smells. Such a site could be found in Tuthill County Park south of Flagstaff. Decades ago, crowds had flocked to the park to experience the Flagstaff Extreme Adventure Course and its zip lines. 
The troubles took care of that flocking. The campgrounds were now overgrown, the zip lines had rotted away, and fallen trees blocked the trails. Only the waterfall remained in all of its glory. 
The park also had its own fort. Fort Tuthill had been designed specifically as an Arizona National Guard training post. The design consisted of a core quad of permanent buildings surrounded on three sides by rows of tents. The fourth side housed senior officers. The encampment also had mess hall buildings, a large warehouse building, an infirmary, and an electric powerhouse. The headquarters building was situated in the center of the quad. The fort was active until 1955. After that, it became a tourist campground and RV for military reservists and retired military. During The Troubles, Tuthill park and the fort fell into disuse. However, some of the permanent buildings remained structurally sound and the chemmies put their cooking equipment into three of the mess halls. 
 # # # # # # # #
Jock had insisted that the capture of the druggies had to be a two-day operation. The first day was devoted to surveillance of the site and the druggies. Jock, Lucas, and Mac performed that duty. You may wonder about Mac's inclusion. I'll remind you that patience is a virtue. 
Jock wanted to be sure that when the chemmies ran, they wouldn't go far. Some of the guardian angels were not totally adept with their propulsion units yet. Jock didn't blame them for that. He had tried out one of those units himself during the training period and would have crashed had it not been for his sling. Naturally, he had conducted the test in front of the angels. 
"Most fun I've had in ten years," he proclaimed as he stepped out of the harness. "I can see that they're hard to control. None of you will be excluded from battle, or reprimanded, if you continue to struggle for a while. I will master this. So will you."
There was another reason for the surveillance. Jock wanted to ensure that the chemmies they captured were all chemmies. Mac had seen some women who appeared to be there for recreational purposes. She didn't think that they should suffer the same fate as the chemmies. 
Jock's basic battle plan was similar to the plan that the Wilizy had used in Lock Up Your Corn Starch (# 20). Let's see how that works here.
The battle didn't start at dawn. Dawn in a forested area does not include a bright sun shining its rays into victim eyes. You can't actually see the sun itself until it rises above the highest trees. Plus, Jock wanted all of the chemmies to be at work in their kitchens. 
He kept the bagpipes recording that was used in the battle with The Demented as they served as an announcement that something bad was going to happen. At the sound of the bagpipes, the chemmies came out of their three kitchens. The women came out of the food kitchen. They saw creatures hovering in the air above the trees. Five were to the south, five to the west, five to the north, and five to the east. They wore white battle armor from the top of the helmet to their toes. A large white feather was attached to the helmet. The helmet visor was down. 
 Another creature in white armor appeared and flew high into the air so that it was above the camp. Lucas' voice rang out. "You are surrounded. You are accused of cooking drugs. I hereby find you guilty. Sergeant, sound the signal to charge."
There was no sergeant, but Mac had a tape and a portable PA system. A stirring bugle call caused the mere mortals below to stir rather quickly. One of the things that Jock and Stanley were looking for in this first battle was whether the corporal in change of each line of five angels ensured that his men didn't all pick the same chemmie to attack. The cadets outnumbered the chemmies 20 to 11, but there were four women who were racing through the trees too. To their credit, the four corporals did their job effectively.
This particular venue had a challenge that they had trained for. William's jet packs were great for propelling the angels up, and by reducing the power, they could lower the angels down. Horizontal flight towards a distant object could be achieved by a button that would activate two additional jet pack power units at the angels' waist. However, flight through and around the trees in a forest was impossible. Nevertheless, the angels could still follow their quarry by staying high in the sky until they were directly above their chemmie. 
Jock kept the poisonous bow-powered darts from the previous battle that caused almost instantaneous unconsciousness. You may recall that Lylah had created the poison from a Novocain base solidified by cornstarch. This anesthetic of Novocain meant that there was no pain when the dart struck. They were awake, and then they were unconscious. For this first battle, Lylah had created a huge vat of the stuff that should be enough for at least a dozen battles, if they all went the way they thought they would. Each angel had five poisoned darts on his belt.
The battle was over quickly. Now for the clean up. 
The chemmies were stacked and bound together in piles of three after the poisoned darts had been removed. No angel had missed and so no errant darts had to be collected. The ever-versatile duct tape rolls provided the binding. Lucas and Stanley loaded the chemmies into an anonymous white copter and Stanley headed off to what they referred to as 'the drop zone.' 
The four women were bound by hand and foot and loaded into another white anonymous copter. Mac was the pilot on that copter and she left for a secure location. Jock and Lucas searched the kitchens for drug sale money, which they found in large quantities. Understandably, most chemmies did not have access to bank accounts. Lucas would deposit the money in Project New Life later. They then placed explosive devices into each of the kitchens and set the timers. They watched from a safe distance as the three messes exploded outwards. MescalMeth can be so tricky to work with. The explosive devices were designed to explode, not cause a fire. The messes were far enough away from the trees for that not to be a concern.
Lucas attached a giant sign to the entrance to the base for the investigators from Flagstaff who would be appearing imminently. 
The Guardian Angels Battle Group found twelve chemmies who were using this facility to cook MescalMeth. We found them wandering around dazed after their labs exploded. We have transported them to a safe location by the waterfall where they can recover. 
 It would be up to the locals to determine what justice the chemmies would receive. 
 # # # # # # # #
Mac transported the four women to a safe outdoor site where two Valkyries were waiting. They informed them that they would be asking them questions about their experiences in the camp. They were free to leave at any time. However, if they stayed and were helpful in helping the Guardian Angels shut down the MescalMeth labs in the state, the Valkyries might be able to help them in return. All four stayed.
What happened next was a form of confessional. In a soft interrogation, the two Valkyries asked questions like:
Were you at the camp of your own free will?
Would anybody have stopped you from leaving if you had wanted to?
What did you do during your time there? Be honest. We aren't here to judge you.
Were you paid?
Were you misused?
This camp could not have existed so close to Flagstaff without important people in that city aware of it. Tell us what you know about any law enforcement people in Flagstaff or elsewhere protecting the chemmies.
Tell us what you know about people in Flagstaff, or elsewhere, who provided the chemmies with supplies, money, or who were making money off the chemmies.
Would you like to start a new life somewhere else? We can help.
 # # # # # # # #
With the Guardian Angels beginning their operational fight against chemmies, the Valkyries had their own operational spin-off. Both Wilizy forces were now able to work full time on putting the skills they had developed in the camp over recent years to use in the field. The Guardian Angels would not always be targeting chemmies; other targets would become available in time. The Valkyries would follow up after the Guardian Angels operations to look for implicated rich, powerful people to expose. Most times, they were able to draw on the help of women, such as the four women in this MescalMeth camp. 
If the women provided useful information on powerful or rich people enabling the chemmies or profiting from them, the two Valkyries would enter the city and make themselves at home. Their first task was to confirm that there was corruption in the city, probably, but not always, led by a man. If possible, one or both of the Valkyries would make personal contact with the man and perhaps pull out more information. They'd draw on Reese to visit briefly and read the colors of any man that the Valkyries wanted to know better. If the colors merited it, the Valkyries would put their target on a to do list in which Melissa and/or Mac would create a full-scale operational plan. When it was their turn on the to do list, the two Valkyries and possibly others would bring Wilizy justice to the man. 
By putting only two Valkyries on the job at a time, that meant that they could have ten operational teams working on targets at the same time. These operations would lead to similar results in many respects: financial ruin; loss of power/image; criminal charges. If any money were recovered as part of an operation, it went into Project New Life. 
 # # # # # # # #
Project New Life was Melissa's baby. My readers know that her early life was a disaster. She managed to escape it because she met Will who gave her the possibility of a new life. Melissa wanted battered, abused, 'fallen' women to have their own chance of a new life. It didn't always work, but at least Melissa could say that she tried. 
All of the money from Guardian Angel successes went towards Project New Life. Any money from Mac's justice also went towards Project New Life. Wizard and Dreamer managed the fund, with the intent making the fund grow. Wizard and Dreamer were now back in the money making business. Proceeds from the fund went to individual women to pay for a new start in a new city, in a new job, and without the stigma of their past holding them back. 
 # # # # # # # #
In case you're curious about such things, Bean had given birth to a girl on December 31, 2094, thereby ensuring that she'd always have a big birthday party. Her birth certificate showed her name as Cheryl-Lyn Jackson. Cowboy called her Beansprout and that was the name that stuck. 

Back to the Table of Contents
Chapter 22

Back to outer space now. A couple of weeks have passed. 
Asmodeus has been visiting communities in the southern hemisphere looking for his daughter, who he sorely missed. 
"No luck?" Sugar Smacks asked when Asmodeus returned from his latest search.
"No."
"You haven't seen her for a very long time. How will you recognize her?"
"She has a strong interest in helping other angels who are having emotional difficulties. She can counsel them. I go to different communities in the southern hemisphere and ask angels if their community has anybody like that. If they do, I look at them. I'll know her when I see her."
"Why would they share that information with a stranger?"
"I tell them that I'm working under President Ritchit's personal order to find people who can counsel angels in need. It will be an extension of the planet's health system."
"Good lie. Nobody could check up. A buddy of mine told me that somebody in management was asking about me."
"They're going to promote you?"
"When pigs fly."
"What will you do?"
"They wouldn't be asking about me without having suspicions. I can't go back to work but I can help you ask about counselors. That will speed up your search. Plus, if I take you around in the life boat, you can reach communities faster."
"The lifeboat would work far faster than me flying all the way to the southern hemisphere and back. I'll set up a search grid and we'll do this systematically. I don't know about you asking questions. I'll have to think about that." 
 # # # # # # # #
"What'cha doing," Justice asked. She was in Planet Adonis. The communication system between the two light ships made long distance calls easy.
"I'm watching Aphrodite having sex with one of the senators."
"You're actually watching?"
"I'm in the room to make sure that they really are doing it. I'm hoping they'll have some pillow talk later. Right now, I'm browsing in the light ship's library."
"Have you learned anything new?"
"No. Both of them are going through the motions. No passion."
"I meant from the library."
"I'm becoming very familiar with Greek mythology. I have a question for you. I have yet to see a Greek baby or child on this planet. I saw occasional references to the early gods having children. Why would I not see children here?"
 "The Cosmos took the ability to procreate away from them because the Greek Gods had evolved into full immortals. They live forever. They can be killed in an act of violence, but that's very rare. They fight among themselves, but not to point of fatality. If they could have children, they'd overload their planets' resources. These planets are not particularly wealthy as it is."
"So sex is for recreation?"
"And for political gain."
"This is her fourth senator today. I think she's just keeping her senators in line until the coup comes. So far, no signs of it. For a goddess of beauty, she's not that good with the sex. Plus, she's supposed to be beautiful but she's not. Her hair stinks and she has coils and coils of it on top of her head. She has so much hair on her legs that you could comb and braid it. Besides, she's obnoxious to the extreme."
"Stinky hair is common with both genders. Having lots of hair is a sign of power. Male gods are depicted in Earth's history books as having bushy beards. Women carry coils of it on the head like Aphrodite does. Some goddesses as well as gods bathe in olive oil."
"Olives are the fruit they grow on trees all over Dionysus?" Winnie asked.
"Yes. All of the planets rely on olive exports, which they market as humanoid health aids. Oleic acids reduce wrinkles, keep skin soft and healthy, slow the effects of hair loss, and stimulate hair growth. The Gods are rich enough to bathe in the stuff. If your beard isn't bushy, that means you're poor, or you're too dumb to care." 
"Like President Dionysus?"
"Exactly. Any progress on finding out why Lucifus has an embassy on Dionysus?"
"No. I thought that they might want to try to obtain uranium from their mines, but Dionysus doesn't have any mining industry, according to your library."
"None of the Greek planets do. There might be minerals under their oceans but they don't have the resources to mine under water. That's all part of being poor."
"I also thought that they might be planning to steal a spaceship or two with the help of Crooked Cop but the thefts would be easily spotted."
"Any ideas on why the cop is on the take?"
"No. Something to do with the coup, perhaps."
"One of their festivals is approaching. You'll enjoy watching it."
"I read that Dionysus is the God of Festivals," Winnie revealed. "Do you know what this one is for?"
"Celebrating the growth of their nose hair."
"That would be a No then."
"It's too hard to keep track of them all," Justice complained. "Cluster wide festivals are on weekends. Dionysus also has days off work in midweek for things like celebrating the rising of the sun that week. Each industry group is allowed to have a day off to celebrate catching fish, or something like that."
"They're lazy?"
"I don't think so. Bored perhaps. That might have been why they wanted your chocolate. To brighten up their day."
"Do you have any ideas on how to stop Greek Gods from bickering?"
"Shaving off their hair as punishment?"
"That would be another No then." 
Back to the Table of Contents
Chapter 23

Another two weeks have passed. On Angelion, Sugar Smacks' offer to help Lucky search for his daughter was helping Sugar Smacks to keep busy. He had gathered what meager possessions he had in his apartment and cashed in every valuable asset he owned, which wasn't much. Lucky had allowed him to put everything in the lifeboat, which is where he was living now. 
Lucky had one stipulation before he'd agree to keep his friend hidden. He could not have the key to the lifeboat. This meant that he couldn't leave the boat, which Sugar Smacks didn't want to do anyway. He would help Lucky by piloting the lifeboat using a key that Lucky handed to him. When they arrived at their destination, Sugar Smacks would hand the key back readily enough but he bristled at the apparent lack of trust. Lucky kept him happy by bringing him ample supplies of beer whenever he went searching for his daughter. 
Today, the search pattern had reached the line of latitude of 23.5 degrees south. This is notable since on Earth, this would be the Tropic of Capricorn. Think of it as being one quarter of the way up the planet. Sugar Smacks had recognized the magnitude of this achievement and had run out celebratory materials. He figured that Lucky would have some extra barrels of booze squirreled away somewhere in the lifeboat. 
Sugar Smacks found a small drawer filled with little tools for fixing little things that he didn't know anything about. The drawer also contained an extra ship-to-shore communicator. It also contained an extra key to the yacht. A key that Sugar Smacks was banned from having. He knew that the key opened the lifeboat's outer door. He also knew that it turned on the engine. And, surprise-surprise, it also opened the door to the small storage hold at the back of the ship. 
Surprise-surprise-surprise, that hold was stuffed with gold. There was surely enough gold to finance a new career as an asteroid miner. Sugar Smacks didn't think much about this decision. Lucky had made three fortunes as a miner. All Sugar Smacks needed to match him was a spaceship, a space suit, and some mining tools. He found an agricultural hardware store in a small city in the middle of a vast prairie. It had plenty of shovels. It also had pickaxes. Why live in a lifeboat when he could live in a space yacht? Why sit around in a space yacht doing nothing when he could be digging for gold? Burger King's private yacht left its orbit around Angelion that afternoon and headed to the periphery where Sugar Smacks was certain that he'd find gold bearing asteroids.
There is no record of what Asmodeus said when his calls for the lifeboat went unanswered. He did react though. He found an angel walking that night down a dark street. Later that evening, he scraped out a shallow grave in the prairie and buried the large pieces. He had no reason now to return to the planet's spaceport. He'd continue the search for Zelda from here. There was one positive to the horrific day he had suffered. He had learned that angels were ridiculously easy to kill and dismember. 
 # # # # # # # #
Winnie was learning a lot about Dionysus' festivals. This one started with intensive drinking on the first day. Giant barrels containing something called mead were positioned on all the street corners in the capital city. Citizens thronged to the city center, each carrying his or her own drinking vessel, which they dipped into a barrel as they walked by. Every hour, a small fleet of hovercraft tankers would refill the barrels. 
Dionysus' citizens demonstrated a remarkable ability to stay upright during the first hours of the festival. By midday, they were crawling to the barrels. By evening, they were camped around the barrels and every so often, they would haul themselves upright enough to dip their vessel into the mead. It was at this time that death by drowning because a concern and tanker staff kept an eye out for citizens who were trying to drink directly from a barrel while teetering on the rim. 
At nightfall, tanker staff removed the barrels and left the citizens comatose on the streets. Their staff went back to their central storage yard which contained giant silos of mead. They then proceeded to drink themselves silly. 
Winnie took this opportunity to read what her ship's library had on mead.
 # # # # # # # #
Mead is an alcoholic beverage created by fermenting honey with water, sometimes with various fruits, spices, grains, or hops. The alcoholic content ranges from about 3.5% to more than 18%. The defining characteristic of mead is that the majority of the beverage's fermentable sugar is derived from honey.
The ancient Greeks called mead 'ambrosia' or 'nectar' and it was believed to be the drink of the gods, descended from the heavens as dew, before being gathered in by the bees. The very term 'honeymoon' comes from the ancient tradition of giving bridal couples a month's worth — or 'moon's worth' of honey–wine.
Bees are very important to the Greek planets. They pollinate the olive trees that cover all the hills. The bees then produce honey. The planets' top scientists changed honey into mead. Nobody is more important to a Greek planet than the mead-maker. Each planet has a slightly different form of mead depending on what they add in terms of fruits, spices, etc. 
 # # # # # # # #
On the second day of the festival, Winnie watched as citizens hauled themselves erect and prepared themselves to suffer what she expected would be a gargantuan mass hangover. They did wobble a lot in the morning, but by midday, they were socializing happily. They were smiling. Some were hugging. Jewel-less Aphrodite was dressed in common-wear and was actually pleasant to be around, as the throngs of citizens around her would attest. Food appeared on the street corners where the barrels once stood. By evening, groups of songsters were roaming up and down the streets serenading anybody who wasn't already serenading others. 
Monday morning, the hangovers were gone. The citizens of Dionysus were back to being surly and bad-tempered. 

Back to the Table of Contents

Chapter 24 

"Did you enjoy the festival?" Justice asked Winnie.
"It was certainly interesting. Greek hangovers aren't anything like Earth hangovers."
"Have you ever been hung over?"
"No. I can't drink alcohol. You?"
"I'm alcohol intolerant too. It's like the Greeks have an entirely different persona when they are hung over."
"I have a question for you, Boss Lady."
"Sounds formal."
"It is. Is there anything that I can't do when I'm undercover and am trying to ferret out secrets?"
 "What's the context?"
"Aphrodite has called for a meeting of the senate this coming Thursday. She has the votes to take over the government."
"Do you know why she's doing this? Do you know why Lucifus has a consulate here? Do you know why the Crooked Cop went rogue?"
"No, no and no. I have used drones and I have put feet on the ground. Nothing."
"There has to be a reason why you found nothing. What's the reason?"
"You're not going to ask about feet on the ground?"
"I know what it means. Feel free to speculate."
"They didn't talk about it because the plans had already been made. If there had been a reason, I would have heard the discussion. Now, it's your turn to answer my question. What can't I do when I'm trying to catch somebody but can't?"
"Whatever you do can't result in the death or a serious injury of the citizens of the planet that you are investigating. You can't torture or threaten to torture."
"That sounds like a written policy statement."
"It is. In practice, as your supervisor, I would not like to receive any complaints from the planet that would require me to open up an investigation into your conduct."
"In other words, you don't want to know."
"I have only so many memory cells and they're clogging up. I'd prefer to fill them with important information and not useless stuff that doesn't matter in the grand scheme of things."
"Got it."
"You haven't even taken a sip of alcohol?"
"One sip. A guy tried to seduce me one time with the help of a spiked drink. I broke his wrist." 
"That sounds interesting. Tell me more."
 # # # # # # # #
Sugar Smacks was wishing that Lucky had told him more about mining an asteroid. He had found an asteroid that looked promising. Tethering himself to the ship, he had successfully launched himself to the asteroid. But to explore the asteroid, he'd have to undo the tether; otherwise, he'd be pulling the yacht behind him. That didn't seem wise. So, he tethered the ship to a big rock and went looking for gold nuggets. There was enough gravity to keep his boots locked to the ground and a walk around the asteroid took about hour. He didn't see any nuggets lying on the surface. That was a disappointment. He had thought that picking up raw nuggets of gold off the ground was the way he would become rich. 
Onto Plan B. Sugar Smacks went back to the ship using the tether and pulled the pickaxe out of storage. Back on the asteroid and with the ship tethered to the asteroid, he took a few practice swings with the axe. This exertion freed his boots from the asteroid's gravity and he started floating into space. Adjusting the magnetic strength of his boots, he managed to return to the surface of the asteroid. 
Onto Plan C, which consisted of having two tethers. One kept the yacht attached to the asteroid. The other kept Sugar Smacks attached to the asteroid. The problem with that plan was that he could only move a few meters away from the big rock that was serving as an anchor. 
Onto Plan D, which consisted of having one tether for the ship and one very long tether for himself. He approached a small rock that looked gold-like. Ensuring that his tether was fastened, he gave the pickaxe a mighty swing. The axe bounced off the rock and Sugar Smacks bounced into space. He pulled himself back to the asteroid's surface, increased the boot's magnetic strength and swung again. The pickaxe bounced again and off into space bounced Sugar Smacks. He found that he could remain attached to the asteroid if he merely tapped the rock. That wouldn't get him his gold. It was getting him tired.
Onto Plan E. Sugar Smacks went back to the yacht to ponder his options. When he awoke, he found that he had pondered himself all the way though Lucky's stores of liquid ponder.
Onto Plan F. Our intrepid miner returned to the asteroid and brought the pickaxe back to the ship. From now on, if he didn't see any gold nuggets on an asteroid's surface, he'd simply move to another asteroid. There were plenty of asteroids. 
 # # # # # # # #
Jock was the one who had asked for a meeting with the directors. They were meeting in Doc and Granny's house. Hank and Yolanda were there. Also present were Lucas, Stanley, Mac, William, and Stu. 
Jock opened with a strong criticism of their equipment. "The jet packs are too likely to lead to Guardian Angel injury. They are too bulky, too heavy, and too inflexible to aim." He had gotten their attention on the first 'too.' 
 "I asked William to come up with an alternative power source," Jock explained. "I wanted something that would allow the Angels to wind their way through a forest. Something that had unlimited power. Something that would give them weaponry that was more advanced than a bow and poisoned darts."
William took over. "I told Jock that we already had what he wanted. Our slings. I asked him why would we want to reinvent something that we already had."
 "So we brainstormed," Jock continued. "This is our best idea. First, we give Guardian Angels slings with no access to time travel. They'll still keep their jets packs but they are for show only."
"Nobody will notice that the packs won't be working," William assured. "There'll be white smoke coming out of the thrusters, but it will be from dry ice. They have enough smoke for a thirty minute battle, which Jock tells me will be more than enough."
"Dry ice is actually frozen carbon dioxide, which melts to a white gas of carbon dioxide and cold humid air," Lucas explained.
 "We'll put the dry ice into the vertical as well as the horizontal thrusters," Stanley added.
"Second," Lucas added another point. "We've held back from giving them slings because we didn't know if all of the cadets would stick to the program. Plus, some were very immature. That's not the case now. These are young men now. They're committed."
"They are all reliable," Stanley added. "They deserve our trust."
"Third," Jock tallied. "We will keep the current look: white titanium armor head to toe. Plus visors that hide their faces. We will continue to use the poisoned darts. However, with sling power, the GAs will be able to get closer to their targets and they won't have to worry about adjusting thrusters and losing their focus on the enemy. We've had no problems so far, but eventually we will meet chemmies who don't run away in fear. The slings will give us speed and accuracy that will overwhelm our opponents, All of that will be attributed to the fake power packs so we are not putting the security of our sling technology at risk." 
 "I have a fourth point," William said. "I've been unhappy with the Wilizy's offensive capabilities as a military force in general. We can down an enemy with the gravitational weapon, but our enemy will be wondering why they are lying on the ground and can't get up. They're going ask themselves what happened. Gravity weapons are effective, but they can't be used widely. As to the laser, it can be deadly but it leaves obvious laser wounds. Right now, we're the only force that has mobile lasers. In time, that will change. We need to be the first to move forward to another level."
"Tasers?" Doc asked.
"No," Jock answered. "You have to be too close for them to work. Close battles makes you vulnerable to physical attack, and especially attack by conventional weapons like guns. Our slings are vulnerable to guns and almost any other conventional weapon. Titanium armor will work for a while, but the average Wilizy can't be walking around with a titanium hoody and sweat pants. We need an entirely different kind of offensive weapon that can destroy at a distance or up close. It should leave no visible sign of the nature of weapon that it is."
"What about the Star Wars light sabres that we used to help rescue Kashmira?" Granny asked. "We didn't develop those any further." [Wheelchair Moccasins. #10] 
"That's where I'll be starting." William admitted. "I have some ideas about light that I'll pursue at Stanford. I may be away from camp a lot. Melissa is OK with that. She's going to start involving Will and Izzy in planning the chemmie battles." 
"I'll agree with slings for the GAs," Yolanda revealed. "What about the Valkyries?"
"I'll be talking about them next," Mac said. "Do you want me to discuss the merits or do you want to vote Yes right now?"
Turned out that the case for the Valkyries having sling technology was even more obvious than for the GAs. 
...
Granny stopped them all from leaving. "Jock, will you stay for a bit?" Stu was still sitting, so he didn't have to turn around and come back to his chair. "I asked Stu to sit in because Doc and I have a suggestion for keeping the Wilizy executive working effectively."
"Keeping it effective. Why would it change?" Yolanda picked up the nuance quickly. She was already wondering why Stu had been invited and had not spoken at all. 
Doc explained. "Granny and I have decided to join a medical organization that provides care to needy people around the world. It's called Doctors Without Borders."
"I've heard of them," Stu said. "They did great things around the turn of the century. Are they starting up again?"
"Yes," Doc continued. "We found them when we were in Australia selling Granny's house. Helping Lylah through her pregnancy reminded me how much I enjoy being a doctor. My health is better now, and Granny can get around well now too. We thought we'd come out of retirement. We're going to focus on helping needy people with childbirth and the complications that can come from that. Granny is particularly good at working with the women and I can do most operations that would be needed."
"We'll be gone a lot and that might mean that only Hank and Yolanda would be available for a directors' meeting. We still want to be directors, but thought it would be good if we added two new directors. We thought Jock and Stu would be good additions." 
"I thought that our operations would be quite routine now with the Guardian Angels and the Valkyries being on regular duty year round. Why would the directors need to meet more often?" Stu posed the question. 
Hank answered. "All we're doing is expanding our paramilitary coverage. We still have lots of opportunities for other Wilizy to be involved. The cadets won't need schooling any more. That will free up Lohla, for example. She's very skilled in a lot of areas."
Yolanda was full of news about a potentially exciting project. "Mathias and Nary are trying to do something about the lack of rain in so many places on Earth but aren't getting anywhere because the oceans are covered with plastic. Mathias says that this plastic is why the trade winds aren't picking the water moisture. If he could clear the plastic, that would be a good first step. He could probably find a way to collect some of the plastic, but what would they do with it? There' s no way to dispose of it safely. Nary wants to spend more time on the ocean renewal. She can create small water clouds with Voodoo when she has access to clear lakes, so it should work with clear oceans." [Trial by Nick, #11]
"Theo is at loose ends," Hank disclosed. "He doesn't know what he wants to do. Perhaps we can find something for him." 
Yolanda had more recent news. "Marie is trying to help him. She asked him who he respected. Would he want to be like that person? Theo said that he respected Stook. So now, Theo wants to be a politician. Marie said that Ogun, the Voodoo God, had also been interested in politics."
"Marie is still pushing him into being a Voodoo god?" Hank asked.
"She says that it's his destiny. Nary is working on her Voodoo skills, he has to as well. Their marriage requires it."
"The youngsters are coming of age to be involved," Yolanda changed the subject. "Liset especially needs something to do to take her mind off boys. Yo-Yo is ten. She's ready." 
"What about Maddy?" Jock asked. "We could use her a lot."
"She's heavily tied up in baseball," Granny replied. "Mac told me that the Arizona team won their division and are now going to nationals, whatever that means. I don't think we should count on her being available. Winnie is keeping an eye on her."
"What about Winnie?" Stu asked.
"She won't have the time with her boyfriend and career," Yolanda replied. "We should keep an eye on little Izzy for our next strategist. Melissa says that she has the genes."
"How old is she?" Hank asked.
"Ten." Yolanda knew all the kids’ ages plus their birth dates. 
"I'll be glad when she reaches puberty. I still can't tell them apart," Hank confessed. "What about Will?"
"Melissa says that he's already blowing things up," Yolanda shared 
"Takes after his father. Our future is bright," Stu predicted.
"Will both of you agree to be directors?" Hank asked.
They did.
 # # # # # # # #
On Angelion, Asmodeus had decided to take a break from his exertions. He was approaching what appeared to be the equator of the planet. This was where the majority of the towns and cities were located. He was tired from all of the flying; he was tired of all the blank looks he was receiving when he asked about local counselors. If he had been on Dionysus, he would have qualified for the Surly and Bad-tempered Citizen of the Year award. 
The search for Zelda was not going well. However, he found the pleasure from dismembering angels to be invigorating. He wasn't bothering to bury them in a grave any longer. Why should he? He wouldn't be back to that area again. He did take the precaution of hunting only in the darkness, however. 
Asmodeus found it difficult to understand why Zelda had mistreated him so badly. Hadn't he paid going rates for her soul so that she'd be ensured of entering Hell when she died? Hadn't he given her a free apartment in a stalactite in the middle of the most expensive part of SinSin-atti? Hadn't he tried to give her marketable skills so that she would do well in Hell? Hadn't he given her an easy target for her first kill? Hadn't he personally shown her how to kill coldly and effectively? And yet, she ignored how much he had sacrificed for her. What was a parent supposed to do with such a rebellious, recalcitrant spawn? 
This wouldn't have happened if she were a son. They could have gone out to torture pits together. They could have walked together in the sludge at the bottom of the streets of SinSin-atti. A son wouldn't have been a wuss about getting sludge on his feet. 
His daughter had left Hell and found her way to Angelion. He had to recognize that. He'd never find her this way. She had made her choice and she had chosen Angelion. She had chosen Angelion over him. What did Angelion have that he didn't have?
An obvious answer came to mind. The planet had angels. Lots and lots of angels. This was something that Asmodeus could change. 
 # # # # # # # #
"Galahad told me that I had to meet with you," William said. "He didn't tell me who you were."
"I'm Queen Guinevere. Who are you?"
"My name is William. I work with the Wilizy. I know about Heaven. I've been in your spaceships. With permission."
"You created the Klingon cloaking device?"
"Yes. Did you watch Star Trek?"
"Fortunately, I missed that. Why did you ask Galahad to arrange a meeting with me, William?"
"I have an idea for a new kind of technology. It will increase the power you have in your spaceships for propulsion, weaponry, and defense. Nobody other than the Wilizy will have it."
 "And?"
"I have a lab on Earth that I can used to develop the underlying technology. But, I'll need to test the technology. When I do that, it could be a bit dangerous."
"Where would you test it?"
"Outer space, which is where Heaven comes in."
"Do you need scientific help?"
"That would depend on the help's qualifications."
"Have you heard of Isaac Newton?"
"One of my heroes."
"I'll introduce you. You can tell him what you have in mind."
"I'll be working with light. I can't be away from home for too long at a time. I was thinking that I'd time travel to the lab, work for three or four days straight, and then return to when I left. I can accomplish a lot that way."
"You created a time travel machine?"
"Yes. Most of the older Wilizy can access it. We are very careful about not changing the past."
"How far back can you go?"
"We haven't tested how far, but I don't think that there'd be any limits."
"I wouldn't mind a time travel trip to Wales. Somebody is there that I'd like to see again."
"That wouldn't be a problem. I'll take you."
"Heaven has conducted research on light power."
"That should shorten the time I'll need. I have to be with my family regularly. Will is into blowing things up now. Izzy is looking more and more like a strategist."
"You must lead an interesting life, William. I'm sure we can help you. Isaac is waiting outside for you." 

Back to the Table of Contents
Chapter 25 

We're back on Dionysus and the Senate was meeting. Aphrodite was winding up a lengthy speech in which she had described all of President Dionysus' faults and failings. Everybody knew what was coming next. Everybody knew that she had the votes. Even the President.
"... and for all of the reasons I have listed, the Senate will ask the president to step down. I hereby call for a vote of non-confidence in the current administration." 
 The speaker of the senate stood and thumped the floor three times with his pick. 
[The speaker was not a member of the senate. He was assigned to the position by the administration and was expected to enforce the rule of debate in the senate chamber. He carried a pike because in Dionysus' history, not everybody had agreed peacefully with his decisions. He was the only one allowed to bring a weapon into the senate chamber.] 
The speaker continued. "I remind senators that a non-confidence vote requires eight senators to vote in favor. I also remind you that President Dionysus and Vice President Aphrodite do not have a vote and I ask them to remain sitting. We will do a standing vote. All those senators who do not have confidence in the current administration are invited to stand."
...
"I see only seven votes of non-confidence. The motion fails."
"Since there is nothing else on the agenda, Mr. Speaker, I move for adjournment." 
"President Dionysus has moved for adjournment of the meeting. Is there any objection?"
 ... 
"Hearing no objection, I rule this meeting is over."
Everybody rushed out of the meeting, including a black shoulder demon who had nestled into a senator's beard the previous evening and had been working hard at changing his vote for the last twelve hours. A few minutes later, Winnie was monitoring all of her drones including a new one that she had inserted into the Lucifus consulate yesterday. 
 # # # # # # # #
Can we meet, Justice? I have some answers now.
Anything to do with the failure of the non-confidence motion two days ago? That made the news down here.
I had a breakthrough. It started with that. I've been busy since then. 
I'll dock with your ship. Go fly around somewhere that is safe from prying ears.
 # # # # # # # #
"There were two plots," Winnie started. "They overlapped in that the players were the same, but the two plots had different objectives. I'll start with what the Lucifus consulate was plotting. Oldsmobile is the devil in charge of a one-devil consulate. He's there to find a way for Lucifus to obtain spaceships with superior technology. How he gets that is up to him. Acquiring a nuclear powered ship is one way, but the Cosmos would know immediately if Dionysus, for example, sold Lucifus a ship. Mining uranium and starting from scratch is not a possibility because Lucifus doesn't know how to convert it into nuclear materials." 
"Oldsmobile decided to try an indirect way: acquire some gold and then buy the technology in secret from a planet other than Dionysus, which didn't like Lucifus all that much. Dionysus has some gold bearing formations but they stopped mining them centuries ago because the gold was too deep to reach. Oldsmobile offered the services of qualified devil miners."
"How did he do that?"
"The offer went from Oldsmobile to Crooked Cop to Aphrodite, who already had designs on the presidency. As president, she would approve a secret project for adding a new industry, unnamed for now, that would enrich the planet."
 "How would they get miners to Dionysus?"
"They'd submit a general all purpose trade agreement between Dionysus and Lucifus to the Cosmos' trade office. I gather that no details are needed on these general agreements as they can extend to hundreds of products. The Cops of the Cosmos aren't monitoring exports out of Lucifus, so they wouldn't be able to interfere even if they knew about the plans, which would be unlikely."
"How would they provide the miners?"
"They'd come from Lucifus or Hell. Oldsmobile wasn't too clear about that. Neither Burger King nor Satan knew about the plan. Oldsmobile was planning to tell them once Aphrodite was in power, but that didn't happen."
"Any idea why?"
"It's a mystery that will probably stay a mystery forever. Aphrodite was furious when she failed to unseat President Dionysus because she would have received a cut of the trading profits. So would Crooked Cop and Oldsmobile."
'"Naturally. What proof do you have of this?" 
"I have records of a conversation between Aphrodite and Crooked Cop, as well as a conversations between Crooked Cop and Oldsmobile."
"How would I explain the existence of these private conversations in a court environment?"
"You don't have to. You only have to establish a reasonable cause for starting an inquiry during which you would question the parties and invoke the Truth Ray. That's how I worked with Harry." 
"Aphrodite is a major figure in Dionysus. She might refuse to respond to my inquiry on the basis that I'm interfering with a planet's right to enter trade agreements."
"That brings us to the second plot. Somehow, Burger King and/or Satan found out about Heaven's decisions to start a trading economy. Specifically, they knew that an agreement to sell chocolate to Dionysus had already been entertained favorably. Burger King probably instructed Oldsmobile to influence somebody in Dionysus to ask for more chocolate samples. The next sample that came to the planet would be poisoned. That somebody in Dionysus would then ask for a personal meeting with the angels that were in charge of the agreement. When the angels arrived, they would be referred to Crooked Cop who would use angelic stassis chargers to render them unconscious. Oldsmobile would provide the chargers. The angels would be shipped, unconscious, to Lucifus, as part of some agreement with Hell. They didn't talk about what would happen to the angels."
[Winnie was mostly right with her theory. She didn't know that the idea for poisoning the chocolate came from Asmodeus or that he was in the consulate office at the time. She had no idea that Asmodeus was on Angelion now.]
"Do you have this on tape?"
"I didn't have a drone in the consulate when this was plotted, so I have no proof that Burger King and/or Satan knew about the plot or contributed to it. From tapes I do have, I know that they did, but there's no usable proof. I do have tapes between Aphrodite and Crooked Cop and between Crooked Cop and Oldsmobile where they discuss the plot."
"Was Aphrodite aware that the angels would be kidnapped and sent to Lucifus?"
"Yes. Her aide was also complicit in this and probably could be encouraged to testify against her. Is that enough for you to act?"
"The best I can do with Oldsmobile is to shut down the consulate and send him home. Diplomats in consulates have a measure of immunity. His failure with the plot may not play well at home."
"Can you hold off telling Lucifus that he failed? We're not ready to be alive yet. What about Crooked Cop?"
"I'll deal with him."
"Aphrodite?"
"I'll have to think about her. A Greek goddess will be difficult to bring to justice."
"How are you doing with the bickering Greeks?"
"I have had a break through."
"I have an idea for a possible solution, if you're interested. I know it's none of my business." 
"You get good ideas."
"So do you. Have you noticed how much we are alike?" Winnie asked Justice.
"We do think the same."
"How tall would you be in your home planet body?"
"About your size."
"What planet?"
"We're not allowed to say."
"I thought of being a bright light that would being justice to people when I was 10 years old."
"Really? How'd that work out for you?"
"Badly. I didn't think about all the different languages I'd have to know. I couldn't make it work."
"The translation chip in my body works well for me."
"Me too. If I had known about that, I might not have given up. My opening statement was going to be I am a light the leads to truth. Wherever there is light, I may be there watching you. My name is Truth."
"Our declarations are close. Mine is: "I am a light that will lead you to the truth. I bring you Justice."
"I know. I like yours better."
"Thank you. It took me a while to get it right."
"So, what's your break through idea?"
"What's your idea? 
"Each of us should write our ideas down. Then, we'll compare." 
 # # # # # # # #
Justice read hers first: "The Greeks are immortal and they live in a small society. They remember everything that anybody has ever done or said to them that was hurtful. When they're drunk, they have no memories and they get along with each other. That's why they want to have drunken festivals all the time." 
Winnie: "The only time that Greeks get along with each other is when they are too drunk to think. They are naturally social and friendly but they hate each other when they're sober. Their memories are full of hate. The solution is to wipe those memories clean."
 # # # # # # # #
"Do you know how to wipe memories or were you talking in theory?"
"I can't do it personally, but I can arrange for it, I think."
"Yours is better," Justice acknowledged. "I didn't know how to solve the actual problem."
"Some angels in Heaven can erase memories. I can ask about it. Wiping thousands of memories would be ... "
"Daunting," Winnie said. 
"Daunting," Justice synchronized. 
"Are you me, but when I'm older?" Winnie blurted.
"That would be impossible," Justice said. "I think we're doppelgangers."
"What are they?"
"Perfect duplicates of each other. In the huge cosmos, it's quite possible for two people to grow up independently of each other but be very similar."
"I'll buy that. It more likely than what I was thinking. I'm done here and I should report to Heaven. How do I give you my lightship?"
"Were you planning on walking home?"
 "I forgot about not having a ship orbiting the planet."
"Why don't you think about continuing to be my investigator? That would allow you to keep the ship. Just stick it in a pocket. Only your touch will open it. Use it however you want. We can talk from time to time. I have to talk with you anyway about the memory wiping."
"And I have to tell you when to reveal that three angels are alive and well. Hug?"
"Not possible in two light ships. Consider yourself hugged."
"I don't know how to say goodbye to my doppelganger."
"How bout the first person to speak says Doppel, and the second person says Ganger? You go first this time."
"Doppel."
"Ganger."
 
 Back to the Table of Contents
Chapter 26

Guinny wanted to see outer space, so she had suggested that Winnie give her report in Heaven.1's boardroom. Also attending were Lillian, Joe-Joe, Keely, Galahad, and Shields. Galahad's first duty was to give Guinny a tour of ship. Then, they got down to business. Winnie has just described her findings in Dionysus. She left out the information about the lightship in her pocket and the conversation about the doppelganger theory. 
"Any questions?" Winnie asked.
"Are you sure that you can't tie Burger King or Satan to the plot to kidnap the three of you?" Guinny asked.
"We all know that authority for the kidnapping would have had to come from Burger King," Winnie answered. "I know it, but I can't prove. Satan may have had to authorize it too. Again, I have no verifiable proof. What I don't know is how they knew about our shipments of chocolate."
"I can fill you in on that, Winnie," Shields took over the conversation. "Our package of chocolate was indeed poisoned, but done so very badly. I gave it to our chemists and they said it was a form of rodent control that agrarian planets like Angelion would have handy. Somebody pushed pellets of it into the chocolate. The poisoning was crude. From the documents attached to the package, we know that the last person who touched it on Angelion was the customs agent in charge of import and export. According to Ritchit, only one agent in the port can give final approval. He was the one who obstructed us when we tried to bring in flowers. Ritchit said that he had started an investigation into his work."
"Can Ritchit communicate with us?" Guinny asked. 
"Yes," Joe-Joe answered. "We can talk through CWO military transmissions. He'll tell us if he finds something."
"Memory wiping, Lillian. Can we do it?" Guinny asked. "We'll have to memory wipe everybody in the cluster of Heracles." 
"We can do a full memory wipe quite easily and quickly. All memories are stored in one place in the humanoid brain. A full memory wipe would leave the necessary cognitive skills intact. Some knowledge of surgery would be needed."
"How many surgical angels do we have that could do this?"
"I'm the only one, right now. Doc and Granny could do it with some training. So could Joe-Joe."
"I could offer you some military medics for training," Galahad offered. "They've had some basic surgical training. Having more exposure to surgical conditions would help them."
"How many would that be?" Lillian asked.
"Sixteen."
"Joe-Joe, are you up for this?"
"Sure."
"That gives us twenty," Lillian summed. "We can do it, Guinny."
"Why would we want to, Winnie?" Guinny asked.
"We'd receive lots of good will out of this. Helping other planets in need is a good way to introduce ourselves to the Cosmos."
"Shields?"
"It would open some trading doors, that's for sure. We had a good response from Dionysus. It's reasonable to assume that all the planets in the cluster would be interested."
"Winnie said that this Justice person has some court trials to complete first, so there's no rush to do this," Guinny said and started assigning duties. "Winnie, when the time comes, can you work with Justice to get our trading offer to whatever they have for a central government? Keely, you'll represent Heaven in whatever documents have to be signed." 
"When are we going to tell Satan and Burger King that they didn't murder three angels?" Joe-Joe asked. 
"It can't come from us directly," Guinny ruled. "That would galvanize them to strike back at us."
"I can ask Justice to tell them. She has to meet with them anyways."
 # # # # # # # #
"It's customary, My Queen, for you to inspect the crew when you first ship out. We can do that in the board room." 
"I know the drill, Galahad. Bring in them in."
....
"Thank you, My Queen."
"You can knock that off now, Galahad. They seemed very tongue-tied when I talked to them."
"They are the first angels in the military to see their queen in person. They've never had this kind of honor."
"Huh."
 # # # # # # # #
"We're now approaching the asteroid belt between Jupiter and Mars," Galahad tour guided. "Shields, slow the ship so that Guinny can see the asteroids up close." (Shields was in the conn piloting.)
"Is she slowing down because it's dangerous?"
"No. We have a complete map of the belt. Plus the ship will warn us if we are on a collision course. We wouldn't want to engage the warp drive in the belt though."
"Are you going to show me warp drive?"
"I can, but it's very boring to be in it for long. You can't see anything."
"Perhaps a quick in and out?"
"Can do."
Shields voice interrupted the warp planning. "Captain, long range sensors are picking up an object. Spaceship of some kind. It's not moving. It could be in trouble."
"Thank you, Shields. Approach close enough so that we can see the origin of the ship."
....
"All I can see from this angle is that it's a private ship, Captain. I'm seeing heat from the engines. Standby for further observations."
...
"Captain, we are tracking a life boat that has lifted off an asteroid and is on course to dock with the private ship."
"That's good then, Shields. The pilot is not in danger."
"No, but he could be delusional, Captain. He's probably one of the crazies that come out to the asteroid belt looking for gold. They think that they'll find nuggets that they can pick up off the rocks. They don't know that any gold in these asteroids would be impossible to extract in nil gravity. They also don't know that they have to keep checking their oxygen levels. Oxygen depletion death sneaks up on them."
"How come you knew about asteroid mining and I didn't?"
"Crews use ghost stories to scare new recruits, Captain. The asteroids are haunted. If you get a sensor reading that shows nothing, it's a ghost from a crazy miner. Nobody is fooled, but we can spend a lot of time making up ghost stories."
"Is he docked now?"
"Yes, but it took him two attempts."
"Stand by for instructions, Shields."
 ...
"Should we offer assistance, Guinny? There is an element of risk. Crazy people can act in unexpected ways."
"I'm sure you can keep me safe, Galahad. Or, are you trying to hide your inability to work in a dangerous situation under the eyes of your queen?"
"D'ems fighting words," Keely said.
"As your body guard, I would take you away from the belt immediately. As the captain of a spaceship, I am honor bound to offer assistance." Galahad stuck with quoting policy. 
"Well said," Joe-Joe commended. "We can keep Guinny safe." 
"Shields, I'll take the communications conn down here."
"Transferred, Captain."
"Private ship, this is Heaven.1. Are you in difficulty? Do you need assistance?"
"Stay away from me you thieving Easter bunnies." 
[Asteroid miners can sometimes speak in foul and profane ways. You do not want to know what the pilot of that ship actually said.]
 "Private ship, have you checked your oxygen levels? Your health may be in danger. We can assist."
"Right. I let you into my ship and you'll rob me blind. I know about you, Tooth Fairies!"
"The asteroid that you were mining, are you aware..."
"I'm aware that you do not own these asteroids, Santy Claus. You can't court martial me. I have guns. Stay away from my gold!" 
"Guinny, I tried. Other than launching a boarding party, we can't get into the ship to help him. If he has guns, the bullets could penetrate our space suits."
"Captain, the private ship has powered up and is on a collision course with Heaven.1. We can avoid him easily. Instructions?"
"Are you going to run away, Galahad?" 
"My Queen, I can destroy his ship with one burst of our weapons. But he's a crazie." 
"Captain, he may be a crazie, but he's also the Angelion customs agent that poisoned our chocolate. I spent a lot of time arguing with him. I recognize his voice." 
"This ship doesn't have anything to stop him without blowing him up. Is that right?"
"Yes, Guinny. Our offensive and defensive capabilities are not sufficient to stop him peacefully."
"Options, Galahad?" Joe-Joe asked. 
"We can launch our life boat and put a boarding party on his fuselage. We'll make lots of noise. When he asks what we're doing, we tell him that we can penetrate the fuselage wall with a portable laser unit and leak his oxygen away slowly. However, we will block the leak if he opens his air lock and throws out his weapons. Given his mental state, I think he'll suicide instead."
"You can't actually break in?"
"No, Guinny. Once a fuselage is penetrated, there is limited time to stop the leak and that effort has to come from inside the ship. Militarily, we only have three options: Dodge/retreat; destroy the ship; or pretend that we are destroying the ship and hope that he wants to live."
"Joe-Joe?"
"Galahad is right, Guinny. We have no other military options."
"Ole´"
"What was that, Shields?"
"I just dodged him. This guy is not a skilled pilot."
"He's the guy on Angelion that poisoned our chocolate, but he's too stupid to think up the kidnapping plot. That means that he received instructions. Those instructions couldn't have come from any of the plotters that I identified in Dionysus. There's no way they could have gone to Angelion. His instructions to poison the chocolate benefitted Lucifus and/or Hell. We might be able to implicate Lucifus and Hell if we can capture him and find out who told him to poison our shipment. We need to do that!" Winnie added some pressure.
"There's no other real option, Winnie." Galahad responded. "What else can we do?"
Winnie felt the eyes on her. Lillian had an arched eyebrow, as in a what are you going to do question. Joe-Joe had a concerned look on his face. Keely's arms were folded and she was looking impatient. She would have acted already. Guinny had a bemused look on her face as she often had when Winnie was facing a difficult problem. 
"I want everybody to clear the room," Winnie instructed. She had her don't mess with me tone of voice.
Hesitation ruled the room. It didn't know what else to do, so it had hesitated.
"Stand outside. Don't open the door until I tell you to. Do it now."
They did. Perhaps a minute passed.
...
Winnie opened the door. "Don't ask!" she warned as they trooped in.
A smelly, grimy angel was lying on the boardroom floor, his eyes closed. A pistol and a scary looking automatic weapon with a big magazine were on the table. Also on the table was a partially opened rucksack, apparently full of gold.
"I wouldn't talk about this if I were you. We should get back to Heaven. I need Karita to hypnotize this guy before he wakes up. She has to remove some memories." 
They all sat down at the table. Keely upended the rucksack and poured the gold out onto the table to examine it better. Galahad had the arched eyebrow this time. Lillian was smiling now. Joe-Joe crossed his arms across his chest and began to chuckle. An inside joke, perhaps. 
Guinny still had a bemused look on her face. "In retrospect, I think I've been hiding away in my office too much. A way of mourning perhaps. I'm going to see Arthur one last time. After that, I plan to get out of my office and mingle. Angels need to see their queen and I need to see angels like you in action to comprehend the challenges you face."
"How will you see Arthur one more time, Mom?"
"A young mortal named William offered to take me back in time to Wales. He doesn't know why I want to go there yet. He's doing that to thank me because I'm giving him access to our scientists so that he can develop a new kind of technology that will increase the power we have in our spaceships for propulsion, weaponry, and defense."
That took care of the question of what they were going to talk about on their way home if they couldn't speculate about what Winnie had just done. 

Back to the Table of Contents

Chapter 27

While Shields is taking a group of VIAs [Very Important Angels] back to Heaven, now would be a good time for us to visit the University of Pittsburgh's Student Union cafeteria, located [strangely enough] in Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania. You already know what our VIAs will be talking about and we won't be long in Pittsburgh [with a silent h)]. Spelling will be part of our lesson today, class, so try not to squirm. 
The University of Pittsburg's Panthers Baseball team was hosting the NCAA women's baseball championships. Sadly, the Panthers did not make it to the Championship round. That might have given them the benefit of having a home crowd. Not that this would have given them much of an advantage. The average attendance at women's sports events was 1. That's the guy who was in charge of unlocking and locking the changing rooms.
This year's championships involved six teams, which is a sad commentary on the large tournaments like this that were held before The Troubles. But, university sports programs were improving. The six teams in this tournament were grouped into two pools. That meant that each pool held three teams. [Arithmetic is also part of our class today. Try to stay awake.] 
The Wildcats were in Pool A and were seeded first, as PA-1 on the schedule. They had played PA-2 and won handily. They had also played PA-3, which had invoked the mercy rule in the sixth inning when they were down by eight runs. With a perfect winning record, the Wildcats advanced to the Championship game against the best team from Pool B. Thus, we have PA-1 vs. PB-1. 
The best team in Pool B was from the University of West Massachusetts. If you were talking to a coach of that team and asked where they were located in Massachusetts, he'd say they were in Wooster. If you looked for that town on a map, you wouldn't find it. The name of the town is written as Worcester. Yes, I know. There's no way that Worcester gets pronounced as Wooster. This is why young kids these days can't spell. There are too many weird spellings. 
Wooster was a coed university. Their men's teams were known as the Wooster Roosters. The image on their uniform was a vicious looking rooster with a sharp beak and blood dripping claws on his feet. If gender rules were used to name the women's teams, they would be known as the Wooster Chickens. The image on their uniforms might very well be of a hen sitting on an egg. Their team yell might be: Bucaw, bucaw, bucaw. Lay chickens lay. 
Thankfully, the men making the decisions on team names declined the idea of Wooster Chickens. It didn't have the violent image they wanted for their teams. The alliteration options were limited: Wootser Boosters and Wooster Goosters. 
Happily, for the sports department, a local company offered to provide free uniforms for the university's women's teams in exchange for free advertising on the uniforms. Wooster had a long history of being a manufacturing city. This company held a dominant place in the building industry not only in Massachusetts but in other states as well. It was the world leader in a certain type of plumbing supplies. Now you know why the Wooster women's baseball team had the image of a toilet plunger on the front of their uniforms. Plunge plungers plunge! Plunge plungers plunge! 
 # # # # # # # #
The pregame meal was over. None of the Wildcats was hungry. They picked at their food and then pushed the plate away. 
Team Captain Tanya decided it was time to fire up the team. It would be a daunting task. 
"We've all scouted the Plungers. We know what to expect."
[The Plungers were undefeated as were the Wildcats. Neither team in Pool B had made it past the third inning before having to concede. The Plungers lived by the long ball. Doubles, triples and home runs. Lots of home runs. Everybody on the roster could reach the fences and did. They were big and not all that mobile. Stealing was not something opponents had to worry about. Getting a base hit was their biggest worry.]
"They're going to destroy us." [I won't bother telling you who said what. Tanya and Maureen have the voices that are important.]
"We don't know that. The other two teams in B Pool looked weak." (Tanya)
"Hawaii was there and we know how hard we had to work to beat them."
"They were crying when they had to bump fists. The plungers didn't care what they had done to them."
"We don't know that." (Tanya)
"I know that every team has to lose sometime. I can deal with that. I can't deal with losing to them."
"So, we're going to lose. But, how we lose is important. We can hold our heads up high because we came second in the nationals." (Tanya)
"We should be first."
"Yeah."
"Yeah."
"It's not fair, Tanya. They're way older than us."
"Yuh, and don't say that they aren't."
"I wasn't planning to. They are older than us. I know that all the teams that faced them complained about their ages."
"How do you know that, Tanya?" (Maureen) 
"Coach told me. He has already complained. But the Plungers came to the tournament with copies of their players' university registration papers. They satisfied the rules for competing in the tournament." (Tanya) 
"Did those rosters show how old they were?"
"I don't know." (Tanya)
Maddy opened her mouth to speak. She knew something about one of the plungers. But, she didn't say anything. She wasn't on the team. She sat there, watching, listening, learning and getting mad. Maddy was big fan of being fair. 
"We can't control the rules. We can't control what the other team does. We can control how we react to an unfair situation." (Tanya)
"Tanya's right. If we play as well as we can, and show sportsmanship behavior we can be proud of ourselves." (Maureen) 
"We have to do it. We can't embarrass Coach by crying."
"I agree. We have to think about all of the coaches. Remember all the time they've put into our team. We can't go out like sobbing wusses." 
"What about this as a goal? Make it to the fourth inning."
"I like that."
"When Coach gets angry or upset, his jaw gets tight. Somebody should sit next to him on the bench and tell him we're OK with losing to this team if he gets that way." 
"The coaches are coming over."
...
"We're all good, Coach." (Tanya)
"Stay positive, ladies. You have reason to be proud. With the exception of mid relief, all seniors will play the first inning. Mid relief, you'll come in for the second inning. All of you will get the experience of playing in the NCAA Championships. Most players in the country never get the chance to say that. We're warming up in 45 minutes."
 # # # # # # # #
The Wildcat's starting pitcher was tagged for three home runs in a row. She rallied and with the help of her infield, shut them down after that. Tanya started the double play that ended the inning by diving for a line drive to her right and throwing out the runner on first who had thought it would get through. Starter sat down on the bench and hung her head briefly. She had never given up three home runs in a row. She had her head up when Maureen's line drive down the right side almost made it to the wall. She was stranded on second. End of the first inning: 3-0 for the visitors. 
Mid relief was stung with three long triples in a row. Two Plungers scored off those triples. On the next at bats, right field made a leaping catch in front of the wall, but the runner on third trotted in. With a runner on first, Tanya deliberately dropped an easy high fly and then doubled the runner on first and the batter running to first. All the outfielders and infielders came in to touch fists. "I learned this from you," she said to Maureen. No Wildcat was able to touch the Plunger starter. End of the second inning: 6-0 for the visitors. 
Maureen shifted from catcher to pitcher. While she was warming up, a new Plunger pitcher was getting up in the bull pen. Tanya called them all in. "They think this game is over."
It wasn't. When everybody on a team is swinging for the fences, the batters could be way early on pitches that meander their way to the plate. Maureen struck the side out with a mixture of junk inside and outside. Her knuckle balls coming down the middle were diving them crazy. However, the Wildcats couldn't touch the fast balls coming from the second Plunger pitcher. End of the third inning: 6-0 for the visitors. 
 Top of the fourth. The Wildcat's last pitcher to play came into the game but took up a position at first. This was her choice. Maureen stayed on the mound but got tagged once with a home run and once again with a single. Tanya shut down the inning with a diving catch of a hard grounder that was going through the infield. She flipped the ball to second who threw to first and tagged the Plungers lumbering third baseman. Mid inning score was 7 - 0 
Bottom of the fourth. Tanya led off with a bunt that died before it reached third. One on. Second batter bunted down the third base line and advanced the runner to second while reaching first safely with a face first slide. Third base was too slow to react on both of those bunts. The catcher called time out and went to the mound. Opposing coach joined them there and switched first and third bases. The third Wildcat batter bunted down the first base line this time and reached first when the pitcher and first base got their signals crossed. Three on; none out. Maureen was coming to the plate. Catcher called another time out and another huddle took place at the mound. Opposing coach subbed for first base. 
Maureen's bunt down the first base line was mistimed and went out of bounds early. First base was charging hard. Pitcher came off the mound hard. Right fielder was backing up first base. The conventional thinking is that it's very hard to bunt a high fastball. They usually end up as pop-ups. Low balls are much easier to tap. Maureen was waiting for the high fastball and drove the ball into the right field where the right fielder should have been. Maureen ended up on third and three scored. That's where she stayed. Bottom of the 4th: 7-3 for the visitors. The wild cats swarmed Coach to congratulate him for the strategy. 
Top of the 5th: The first two Plunger batters didn't swing their bats and both walked when Maureen's knuckle ball didn't find the plate. Maureen didn't want to throw a high knuckler that would drop, so she resorted to junk. The Plungers had seen plenty of junk from their own pitchers. They had also seen fast balls that were faster than Maureen's. They tagged her for five runs. Mid inning score: 12-3. 
Wildcat coaches and players huddled. Maureen told them that she had nothing left that would work. The bottom of the Wildcat lineup was due up and none of them had come close to hitting safely. They invoked the mercy rule. But they did so with their heads up. 
The closing ceremonies were brief. Their lone spectator was off tending to the stadium's electronics somewhere. Wildcats received medals for their second place finish. Plungers received their medals next. Both teams clapped politely for each other but not enthusiastically. 
Ten players had been selected by the league's all-star committee, which had watched all the games. Best first base, best second base and so on. Two pitchers would be recognized. Nine Plungers were selected as all-stars. Maureen was named as an all-star pitcher and Tanya earned the all-star shortstop award. 
The Wildcat locker room was subdued. Yes, they had made their goal. But, they shouldn't have playing way older women. The problem was with the rules. The team decided unanimously to return their medals to the league's All Star committee with a note saying why they were doing this. The coaches agreed with them, added their own medals to the package, and delivered them to the committee who were still sitting in the stands talking. As a member of the team, Maddy was entitled to a medal too and she also returned it. Unlike the others, she wasn't going to stop at that. 

Back to the Table of Contents

Chapter 28

The following was intended to be a short Winnie production. It turned out to be shorter than expected. 
 # # # # # # # #
In order of appearance, here's the cast: Sugar Smacks was typecast as a dumb miner; Winnie was the helpful defense lawyer; and Galahad was the angry Lucifusian devil. Shields did not get to play her role as the angry devil from Hell and Karita was added to the cast at the last minute as a babysitter.
Lights, cameras and action.
 # # # # # # # #
"Where am I?" the smelly, grimy miner asked.
"You're in a penal ship. You face some serious charges. I've been assigned to be your defense lawyer."
The miner wasn't all that impressed. She was a mortal for one thing. Expensive looking gray business suit, though. White blouse. Gray tie. Dark hair pulled back in a bun. Brown skin. She had a computer in front of her and looked prepared to take notes. "What's your name?"
"How'd I get here?"
"Some angels found you drifting in space in a private yacht. You were delirious from oxygen deprivation and passed out shortly after you allowed them to board your ship."
 [Karita's hypnotic suggestion was working well. Winnie had spoken the code words (Bumper Sticker) and he had come out of the spell. He seemed content to believe the lie Karita had told him.]
"I don't remember that."
"That's not surprising given the air you had been breathing. Do you remember mining some asteroids?"
"Yes."
"Do you remember having a whole lot of gold in a rucksack?"
"That's my gold. Did the angels take it?"
"No. The authorities have it. You have been charged with stealing it."
"I didn't steal it. I mined it."
"What's your name?"
"Sugar Smacks."
"You have to understand, Sugar Smacks, that I am here to help you. That kind of gold is not found on asteroids. Besides, I can see that you're lying. You're not very good at it. I need to know the truth so that we can figure out who to blame for whatever crimes you committed. I'm a lawyer. I lie much better than you can. Where'd you'd get the private yacht?"
"A friend."
"That's sort of true. But it won't work. The authorities have the identification number of the yacht and are checking Cosmos records. It's only a matter of hours before they find the owner. Was your friend the owner?"
"I didn't ask, but I assumed he was." [True.]
"Do you have a signed authorization from him permitting you to use the yacht?"
"No."
"That's too bad. I'll have to get a deposition from your friend. He may have to appear at your trial and testify that he gave you permission. Who's your friend?"
"He won't testify that he loaned it to me."
"You stole it from your friend, didn't you."
"Yes."
[Cue the angry devil from Lucifus.]
"We have an ID on the yacht now. It's registered in Lucifus." [Winnie knew about that registration much earlier, but she still doesn't know that the owner was the head burger flipper in Lucifus.] 
"Hang on, I'm getting a message. Put it through to the interrogation room," she said to the air.
The communication screen lit up. A very big devil was standing in front of what appeared to be a spaceship console. He walked forward towards the camera.
"Is this the thief who stole my yacht? I want him sent to Lucifus now!" 
[The devil continued by describing graphically what he would do to the thief after arrival. We can skip that.] 
Winnie had to interrupt. "I'm in the middle of an investigation. You can't have him yet. We'll be in touch. Screen off."
 "Unless I can switch the blame for stealing that yacht, you're going to end up on Lucifus. You now know what will happen to you there. Who is your friend?"
"He told me to call him Lucky." [True] 
"Why did he consider himself lucky?"
"He told me that he made several fortunes by mining for gold on the asteroids." [True] 
"So, the gold in the ship that you stole was his."
"Yes." [True] 
"Did you know that?" 
"Yes." [True] 
"What's he look like?"
"He's an ordinary Angelion angel." [Truth.]
"How would an Angelion angel steal a spaceship from Lucifus?"
"I don't know." 
[Stop cameras. Guys, I'm receiving a real message.]
 # # # # # # # #
"That was Harry," Winnie disclosed to the cast. "He told me that Angelion has declared a state of emergency and they're asking the Cops of the Cosmos for help. Harry asked if we can get there quickly. Can we Galahad? Shields?"
"We can if we don't have to lock Sugar Smacks up somewhere else," Shields responded.
"There's four of us. Until we know what the problem is, that should be enough. I'll file the flight path." 
"I'll notify Guinny and Harry that we'll help Angelion." 
"I have the helm and I'm starting the impulse engines now."
"Karita, you're going on a trip through space," Winnie said, expecting her to react to the news. She didn't. 
"Let me have a go at the miner. If that doesn't work, Shields can do her scary act."
"Good. You can babysit him."
# # # # # # # #
"Winnie, I have Ritchit on the military CWO band. He wanted you to know that he is not alone." (Shields)
"Thanks, Shields. Listen in and connect Galahad too."
...
"President Ritchit, my name is Guinevere and I'm from Heaven. Our local Cop of the Cosmos informed me that you have declared a State of Emergency. We have a small delegation on the way to your planet now to provide assistance. We'll be there in a little less than six hours. Can you give me details of what we can expect?"
"We have some sort of monster killer here. We are in the middle of a mass evacuation of the area where it killed last."
"Please keep the communicator link open. I'll be right back."
Karita, ask Sugar Smacks about the friend's appearance. Was he ever anything other than an Angelion angel?
...
He says he never saw his friend in anything other than feathers. But the pilot of his yacht was a different species. His description of the pilot fits being a devil. His friend ejected the pilot out of the spaceship when it was moving. Sugar Smacks had to take over the piloting duties. 
That makes Lucky a Lucifus devil. That explains why he had a Lucifus yacht. Press him for the name.
...
He insists that he doesn't know it. He always called him 'Lucky.' 
...
"Mr. President, I believe the creature you have is a devil from Lucifus. He was stranded on your planet when one of your citizens stole his private yacht. We know about devils and what they're capable of. I'd recommend that you do not engage with him until we arrive."
"We couldn't engage with him if we wanted to. Nobody has been able to find him. We're hiding all of its potential victims at the bottom of the planet. Thank goodness we can fly."
"So can the monster. He can take the form of an Angelion angel."
"We'll put everybody at maximum altitude. An imposter won't have the lungs or the strength to stay at maximum altitude."
"Good idea, Mr. President. I'll be back in touch if I learn more."
 # # # # # # # #
Winnie was meeting with Shields, Galahad and Karita. Sugar Smacks was locked in the crew quarters.
Winnie: "Here's what I have so far. Sugar Smacks was part of the plan to angel-nap us. He poisoned the chocolate on instructions from the Lucifus devil. That poisoning lured us to Dionysus where the two of you were imprisoned in the Lucifus private yacht. That seems obvious, right?"
Galahad: "Seems right."
Winnie: "Then the three of us were transferred out of the yacht and into a Trident. Why were we transferred? The yacht would have made it to Lucifus faster."
Karita: "But we know that the yacht went to Angelion because that's where it was when Sugar Smacks stole it."
Winnie: "That means that the devil who is on Angelion now was in Dionysus. I never saw him. But he could have been hiding in the consulate."
Galahad: "That doesn't answer the question why a Lucifus devil would return to Angelion when he had no reason to. As far as he knows, the angel-napping was a success."
Karita: "That means he's not a Lucifus devil. He's a Hell devil. But why would a Hell devil want to be on Angelion?"
Winnie: "He'd want to be there if he were searching for his daughter. The devil is Asmodeus and he's looking for Julia but he doesn't know what she looks like and that's why he is on a killing spree." 
Karita: "Julia is Zelda?" [A reminder that Karita helped Zelda escape. She didn't know what had happened to her in Angelion.]
Winnie: "She had a name change to go along with a body change. Karita, ask Sugar Smacks if Lucky had ever talked about a daughter." 
...
Karita: "Bingo."
Winnie: "Shields, I need to talk with Ritchit in private."
Galahad: "I'll be looking for weapons on this ship that we could use to catch an inner pentagram devil."
 # # # # # # # #
"I'm alone now," Ritchit said. 
"I have more definitive news now. The Angelion angel who stole the spaceship has been helpful. The creature you're facing is a devil from Hell named Asmodeus. He is one of the most powerful devils in Hell. He's on your planet because he wants to find his daughter Zelda. You know Zelda as Julia. Her life is in extreme danger."
"His last kill was near the equator. She's safe for now where she is."
"Asmodeus has three bodies that we know of. The first is an Angelion angel, which you are already planning for. His Hell body allows him to go through walls and rip people and structures apart. He's nearly invisible in the darkness and can cover lots of ground on his hooves. I'm guessing he's 12 to 15 feet tall. He may be able to change to what we call a shoulder devil, which is a piece of fluff. That shoulder demon would be invisible in the darkness."
"When are you arriving?"
"Four hours give or take."
 "I'll put our military to work. We know what we're dealing with now."
 # # # # # # # #
Hey, Doppel.
Ganger! Where are you?
I've just landed secretly in Angelion. Harry notified me about Angelion's state of emergency. What are they facing?
A very hostile inner pentagram devil from Hell named Asmodeus. This is linked to what happened in Dionysus.
Where are you?
Two hours out. We're bringing the Angelion guy who poisoned our chocolate. He was in a Lucifus yacht mining for gold. The interrogation went well.
Tell me everything I need to know.
...
What's happening at your end? 
I gave the Cosmos executive what I knew about Dionysus and what I would know if I could put heads of government under the truth ray. They are very unhappy. They know that what Lucifus and Hell did to kidnap the three of you were acts of war. 
Did they tell you what to do?
They told me that whatever I do, it better not become common knowledge. I'm counting on you to catch this devil quickly so that I don't have to do what they don't want me to do.
You hang around with cosmos-crats too much.
Do you know how to catch Asmodeus yet?
Nope. I need more information.
 
 Back to the Table of Contents
Chapter 29 

The top military minds in the Angelion space force were meeting in the Angelion.120, the planet's most advanced ship. It used to be Commodore Ritchit's ship, but he was now sitting in a corner of the boardroom listening to his senior officers discussing how to defeat a devil named Asmodeus. 
One idea had emerged and been discussed seriously. It was Galahad's idea. Use the lifeboats from Angelion's immense navy to cover the equatorial belt where the devil was presumed to be sleeping in the darkness. The lifeboats would serve as spotters for the Angelion's spaceships' laser weapons. When it was dark, the devil would seek safe darkness. If they knew where that hiding place was, the spaceships should burn the ground around the hiding place with their lasers. Those lasers should burn the ground steadily even after the ground was barren. This should deter the devil from escaping from his hiding place as a shoulder demon. The constant firing would also remind the devil that they were watching him. Of course, they had to find him first. Galahad said that this might work but only to keep him from assuming the fluff body. 
As to using the spaceships' lasers to kill Asmodeus as he moved around the planet, Galahad immediately shut down that idea. "From the distance, the laser fire would be too diffuse to do anything more than tickle him. His scales will protect him. Lasers are effective in space because there is no atmosphere to spread the beam."
Now, the ideas proposed by the Angelion senior staff were becoming crazy. The latest was to take the cannon weapons out of the spaceships and put them into the lifeboats. That would require them to put the spaceship in dry dock, cut open the fuselage where the cannons were situated, take them out, cut open the fuselage of the life boat, and install the cannon. All of this had to be done in the next few hours. They hadn't gotten to the practicalities of that plan yet. Shields rolled her eyes and stood up. Seeing Winnie watching her, she messaged her.
Idiots! Do you have anything yet, Winnie?
Bits and pieces only.
Why doesn't Ritchit shut these fools up?
That won't do his forces any good. He may be waiting for a junior officer to step up after the senior officers run dry.
Well, this junior officer is going to examine a large-scale map of the planet if I can get their computer to work for me.
What are you looking for?
An ideal killing ground. 
Good idea. 
Winnie watched as Shields pushed various buttons on the screen. An officer from the very back of the room saw her, stood next to her, and did some buttoning for her. 
....
Do you have an idea yet? Galahad asked. 
No. I liked your spotting idea.
I thought of that that on the way here. Did you know that an Angelion spaceship could not repel boarders if they were attacked? I had never noticed that before. Just because the Cops have eradicated pirates, that doesn't mean that space battles will always be long distance affairs. I'll have to talk with William about this.
Does that mean that we could have captured Sugar Smacks?
Capture, no. Not with current weaponry. Kill, yes. We already knew how to kill him.
Why is Ritchit letting them go on and on?
He's evaluating his people. Once he knew we were coming, he was able to relax. He's waiting for you to get your idea. I told him you always did.
Thanks for the pressure. Does this ship have a place where I could sit alone and see the stars?
Yes. I'll take you. 
You better not smooch me on the way. There could be cameras everywhere.
I certainly wouldn't want to get caught. People here think that I have good judgment in women. I wouldn't want to lose that reputation.
 # # # # # # # #
 "I love looking at the stars. May I sit?" 
"Not if you're here to ask me if I have my idea yet."
"If you did, you wouldn't be sitting here." Justice sat and reclined the chair so that it was even with Winnie's.
"What did you do to Aphrodite?"
"I ordered her to make a full confession to the planet and ask for their forgiveness."
"And?"
"They ordered her to cut off all of her hair and take menial duties in a mead store. She'll recover her hair in a couple of decades."
"Lucifus' consulate guy?"
"With approval from the Cosmos Executive, I ordered the consulate to be closed, the property seized, and Oldsmobile returned to Lucifus. Lucifus is banned from opening consulates anywhere in the Cosmos for ten years."
"That'll slow them down."
"Lucifus and Hell can see some writing on the wall and Heaven can expect them to be unusually aggressive for a while."
"Crooked Cop?"
"On trial soon for shaming the Cops of the Cosmos. If he is found guilty, the Senior Cops will make an example of him."
"How?"
Justice drew a finger across her throat. "All the Cop stations will receive minutes of the trial, so that will keep them on the straight and narrow." 
"What about the memory wipes?"
"I had the option of allowing the planets to discuss the idea and make a system-wide decision. That would have taken years, even if everybody had agreed. I believe that in any group of ten people of any specie, there's always one who likes to hear himself talk and has no idea how stupid he is. So, I ruled that the memory wipes were mandatory. Dates to be released when possible. They know it'll be good for them. You won't get any dissent." 
"You're done then?"
"With Dionysus, yes. I have the Lucifus ship you captured and its gold to deal with. I'll arrange to meet with Burger King and Satan. Perhaps they will incriminate themselves, but I doubt it. Both of them will claim Asmodeus was a rogue devil, and right now he is. How's your family?"
"Did you break your tongue switching subjects like that?"
"Did you want to talk about the Greeks more?"
"No. I was curious why you asked about my family."
"When I have a moment of peace, I like to sit in a room like this, stare at the stars, and think of my family."
"You have a family?"
"I call my mommy Test tube and my daddy Sperm."
"Sorry. Stupid question. I have a big family. You?"
"Also big. I have many fond memories. You know, when you look at the problems the Angelions had, and the problems that the Greeks had, they're similar in that both planets have citizens that are enormously self-centered. Everything is about ME. How rich I am. How beautiful I am. How entitled I am. Planets who have babies and parents and grandparents don't have that kind of narcissism. Life is not only about me. It's about their family."
"Family is everything for you?"
"Not absolutely everything. Other things are important in my life. But my family will always be there for me. And I will always be there for them. Mind you, I have a great family."
"I have my idea now."
"Good."
"I even have a job for you and a message to deliver to Satan."

Back to the Table of Contents

Chapter 30

It's morning of the next day. Heaven.2 had arrived with all the equipment and personnel that Winnie had ordered. Heaven.2 joined all of the other spaceships in orbit around the planet. All the Angelion ships still had their lifeboats. If there were going to be any lasering, it would be Heaven's ships that would do it. Galahad didn't want any Angelion ships or staff involved in the operation. 
One of the reasons that Galahad was excluding the Angelion navy was for safety. With so many ships and so many lifeboats crowding the skies, mistakes were too likely. Also, he had not been impressed with Angelion's Senior Officers. And as for the final reason for their exclusion, Winnie didn't want anybody from Angelion to see the Wilizy family at work. Reese and Maddy had arrived with the Heaven.2 and were joining Karita in an active role in the operation. Justice's comments about family had helped Winnie realize that the Wilizy had weapons that could at least steer Asmodeus to the killing ground that Shields and the Angelion junior officer (a Captain Jacob) had selected.
That officer was sitting in Heaven.1's lifeboat with Shields and Winnie. Ritchit had asked that Angelion's forces be kept aware of events on the planet and he wanted one of his staff in the lifeboat with Winnie in case he had to communicate with her, or vice versa. Galahad agreed that this request was reasonable. Ritchit had suggested Captain Jacob as his contact and Galahad had agreed. 
With Captain Jacob now watching and listening to everything Winnie did and said, Galahad suggested that Maddy, Karita, and Reese be based out Heaven.2's lifeboat that was crewed solely by Heaven's military. Winnie could communicate with them through secure mind messages. For now, Galahad would be with the Wilizy. 
 # # # # # # # #
"President Ritchit, we're now at the last location where Asmodeus was seen," Winnie began her address to Ritchit and his navy. "On Earth, devils carry a unique smell that can be detected by angels and mortals alike. The smell can also be detected by a canine species that earthlings treat as pets. They're called dogs and we brought four dogs to Angelion in our second ship. We're using a breed called a bloodhound because it has the most scent receptors in their noses. Their long, droopy ears also act as scent sweepers, dragging the ground and sweeping scents toward their noses. Bloodhounds can pick up a scent from the ground as well as from the air. They know intuitively how to move around an area to find the initial scent. They will use the strength of that scent to follow Asmodeus' most recent position. Some dogs need a handler to direct them. These four do not."
[Go get him, doggies.]
Winnie knew about wolves, but she didn't know anything about dogs. She had asked Karita to find the best mortal dog noses that she could find. Then Karita, Reese, and Maddy had to practice changing from an angel into their dog. Karita had written the little explanation that Winnie had made. Galahad had the bloodhound in his body memories and joined them at the start of the search so that they could cover more ground. 
 # # # # # # # #
An hour or so later.
"President Ritchit, we have picked up Asmodeus' scent, however it's in an urban area. He had been running through buildings rather than around them. This means that the bloodhounds have to search around each building to find the exit point. He doesn't always come out the other side. This is probably because he's trashing the insides."
There was no probability about it. Galahad was telling her exactly the problems they were facing. He said the scent was quite weak and they were at least a day behind him. Winnie couldn't share that information broadly because dogs can't talk.
 # # # # # # # #
"President Ritchit, we've reached open ground and the scent is much stronger now and easier to track. Asmodeus appears to be running on a steady direction north. There are no communities in front of him so we expect him to be moving quickly. We are running the dogs in individual shifts now in an effort to catch up to him. Each dog will run at full speed now. The noise you hear is called baying. It's a natural response from this breed. Think of the dog saying, I'm going to git you."
 # # # # # # # #
"What's your name?"
"I'm on duty."
"Strange name."
"Not funny. Personal chatter is not authorized between personnel who are on duty."
"You don't look like you're on duty. You're just sitting there."
"I'm concentrating on keeping the life boat up with the dog."
"Wasn't the button you pressed the automatic pilot?"
"I'm concentrating on not hearing your incessant inappropriate chatter."
"I've hardly spoken."
"What do you call this? It's incessant."
"I'm trying to be friendly."
"Try being professional instead."
"You were friendly enough last night when we found the killing ground you wanted." 
"I was on duty. We were talking professionally." 
"My name is Jacob if you wish to talk to me professionally. What's your name if I wanted to talk to you professionally?"
"You should address me as Captain, Captain. And don't say that it's a strange name. I was addressing you by your rank."
"Aye, Aye, Captain Captain."
 # # # # # # # #
Winnie, this body needs a shift change.
Coming up, Karita.
Asmodeus' scent is much stronger now. I think we'll be close enough for him to hear us soon. 
OK, shut down the baying.
Will that raise questions from Captain Jacob?
It's a good thing that we brought muzzles. Let the others know.
 # # # # # # # #
"President Ritchit. All of you will know that darkness is approaching. We've scouted ahead a bit and we see that Asmodeus will be moving out of prairie land and into a canyon soon. Although devils have excellent night vision, the footing could get tricky for him. We expect him to stop and re-enerergize himself in the darkness of night. Night is when devils receive their power. If he is tired at all from his steady pace, he'll be recovered completely tomorrow morning."
"We have already muzzled the dogs, so he won't know we're on his trail. We'll go with all four dogs now with one following the scent and the other three scouting ahead to look for a body sleeping on the ground or perhaps inside a cave if the canyon has any. During night, all Angelion ships should turn off your navigation lights. We will do the same with our two ships and our dark lifeboats will stay well behind the dogs." 
 # # # # # # # #
"President Ritchit, we have located Asmodeus. He's in a cave. It looks like a deep one. The dogs have scouted ahead and found no scent leaving the cave so we're sure he's there. We will now pull the dogs back to the lifeboat where they can sleep. This and the shift work will be enough to restore their energy for tomorrow."
 "The threat now is that he will adopt the body of a shoulder devil and escape in the night if he knows that he has been found. The cave has no combustible materials around it, so we can't rely on burning grass to incinerate a fleeing shoulder demon. However, Heaven's two ships will lay down a barrage of laser beams that will turn the red-hot rocks around the cave into a death trap for a shoulder demon. In addition, we are welcoming the assistance of the Cosmos' agent from the Department of Justice. You will know of her as Justice and she was the bright light that spoke to the planet some months ago. Justice will be shining her bright light into the cave. If Asmodeus exposes his eyes, he will be blinded. He'll be stuck here without any sleep and restorative darkness until dawn. All of you should get some sleep too."
 # # # # # # # #
"This is a secure line, Winnie. Are you content with today's progress?"
"Yes, Ritchit. I knew we'd have as least one night to get through, but Justice's unexpected arrival solved that."
"You didn't call her?"
"No. Another cop did. Did you find what you wanted in the museum?"
"Yes. Are you sure you want me doing this?"
"Do it for the planet."
"How's Captain Jacob doing?"
"He's in the life boat with Shields. Whenever I look in, they're sitting like deaf and dumb wooden statues."
"Good. I'm told that he can be quite the chatterbox. That's one of the complaints about him."
"There are more?"
"Just the axe murder incident."
"Ritchit, you dog. You're getting a sense of humor."
"K-Lit's orders. I have to lighten up."
"Sort of like what Justice is doing now?"
"What do you mean?"
"OK, K-Lit hasn't told you about puns yet."
'"What's a pun?"
"I'll leave that to K-Lit to explain. How's Julia?"
"Determined."
"Good. We'll need her tomorrow. Does she know where to go?"
"K-Lit does." 

Back to the Table of Contents
Chapter 31

With dawn came natural light. The intensity of Justice's light diminished and she left. The laser bombardment ended as well. The rocks around the cave entrance had cooled off by the time that Asmodeus stuck his horns outside. The rest of his body followed soon afterwards. For the historians among you, it was Tuesday, March 8, 2095. 
It's difficult to know how much sanity Asmodeus still had. Even for a devil, he had been acting like a lunatic for weeks. The realization that he was stranded on Angelion was the key, of course. The killings were a natural behavior for a devil, although it must be said that devils usually had a reason when they killed. They knew what they were doing.
 We don't know if Asmodeus knew what he was doing when he went on his rampage. We can be sure that devil-hormones were coursing through his body. The more evil that he propagated, the more evil he became. His horns grew. His body grew. Blood lust became stronger. Dark nights reinforced all of this. All the inhibitions that might have kept him in check in Hell had disappeared. Normal weaponry would not be strong enough to kill him. 
As to why he was heading north? He had no idea that Julia was there. He hadn't thought of her at all in his rampages. Winnie didn't know that. Her plan was based on the supposition that he would recognize Julia if she spoke to him about their life in Hell together. Winnie had brought up every devil stassis charger that Heaven had. Julia would be standing on ground that was covered with chargers. Galahad had already hid them in position and was waiting with Julia to position her in the middle of the circle of stassis chargers. He would be near her to reassure her that her father could not reach her. 
Asmodeus came out of his cave with no apparent recollection of Julia's bright light or the lasering of the front of his cave. He put his nose to the air, smelled nothing that needed killing, and starting loping north. 
 # # # # # # # # 
"President Ritchit: As you may be able to see, Asmodeus is still headed north. We've put one of our bloodhounds out of sight behind him and he is baying loudly. This should serve to keep him moving. We know that devils do react to dogs and try to avoid them. Captain Jacob of Angelion and Captain Shields of Heaven identified a site where we plan to spring a trap. We have small drones following him closely. You won't be able to see them from where you are. If he strays off course, the drones will laser his head. They are unlikely to injure him, but they will irritate him. If you see him swatting at something around his head, that's the laser from a drone."
[Actually, those drones were Maddy, Karita, and Reese who were strafing him from their invisible slings and lasering his nose and mouth until he went back on course. Mosquitoes in Angelion can be fierce indeed.]
 # # # # # # # # 
"President Ritchit: We're in our final stages now. An Angelion citizen has volunteered to take the role of Asmodeus' daughter, Zelda. Obviously, the citizen cannot take the shape of a devil. But one of our team has given her extensive information about Zelda and we think that will cause Asmodeus to pause and listen to her. She knows what to say to inflame him into charging at her. When he does, he will trigger one or more electronic land mines that will cause him to fall unconscious. She is surrounded by these land mines and will not be injured."
"I will be leaving this ship now to manage the battle scene. Your Captain Jacob has agreed to be your eyes and he will be working together with our Captain Shields." 
 # # # # # # # # 
"I didn't know you were going to do that," Shields said.
"Neither did I. You don't say No to the president of your planet when he asks you to be his eyes. You're talking to me now?"
"You're performing your duty." 
"Can I talk to you?"
"If it's about the battle."
"Aye, Aye, Captain Shields. I know your name now."
 # # # # # # # # 
"This is Captain Jacob of the Angelion.39 spaceship. I am sitting in Heaven.2's lifeboat beside Captain Shields of Heaven. You all will remember Captain Shields because she has the distinction of being the first woman captain ever in Angelion and Heaven's history. We've had a conversation and I can assure you that Captain Shields is very professional." 
"I am watching the prairie in front of me as a big honking devil is trotting through a field of knee high hay. The bloodhound that was following him can no longer be heard. I'm assuming that he is out of sight but still present. I assume the same thing about the drones that have been steering the devil to this particular piece of prairie. They're around somewhere." 
"I see an angel appearing on the crest of a little hill in front of me. She is standing in the tall grass. The devil stops and looks at her. She is an ordinary looking Angelion angel. I think it would be highly unlikely for her to be related to the big guy staring at her."
"They are exchanging words that I can't hear at this distance. She appears to be very angry. Wait, I see a volume control on the audio sensor. I'm trying that now. She's saying something about a contract. Something about murders. She's very angry at him. Oh my. She's calling him some very nasty names, some of which I have never heard before. The devil is not replying at all, but he's getting agitated. Some of what she said has obviously hit home. Oh my goodness. That one would have hurt. She said something about him being too impotent to have devil children. He's circling and now he's charging up the hill. She elevating into the air. Still yelling at him."
"Wait. He has stopped dead. Backing down the hill now. Sniffing the air. Looking around. He just made a hand gesture at the angel which I've never seen before but I think I know what he told her to do."
[All Wilizy. We're going to Plan B. Galahad, don't you dare come down here.]
[I wouldn't think of it.]
"The angel on the hill has flown away. I see another angel flying above the hill. She's too small to be Angelion. She's landing a safe distance from the devil. I recognize her now. She's Guinevere, the angel from Heaven who's in charge. She comes up to his waist. They're talking."
"She's introducing herself and asking him if he's surprised to see her. He's saying that she was supposed to be dead. She's saying something about... "
At that point, Shields muted the audio sensor, pulled her finger across her throat several times and shook her head at him.
"Folks, we're having some technical difficulties. I've lost our audio. Perhaps the previous conversation fried all of our circuits."
Shields leaned over again, put a hand over his mic, and whispered.
They're agreeing to a duel. If he disables her, he can go free. If she disables him, he stands trial.
He won't stop at disabling her, will he?
No, he'll kill her.
Will she kill him?
No, she believes in justice.
Will she win?
Oh, yeah. The only question is how long it will take her.
Want to bet on how long?
What's the prize?
If I win, I can take you for a dinner and you will talk with me. If you win, you can take me out for a dinner and not talk to me.
Sounds like a dinner is inevitable.
You noticed that.
The dinner occurs the next time we see each other. Not tonight.
I agree. My bet is fifteen minutes plus or minus three minutes to disable him.
My bet is four minutes plus or minus two minutes to disable him. 
Shields pulled her hand away from the mic and motioned that Guinevere was about to take off.
 # # # # # # # # 
"Folks, Guinevere and Asmodeus have agreed on settling their differences with a physical battle that could end up being a life or death duel. I am watching now as Guinevere is taking off into the sky and climbing. Still climbing. (Shields started the ship's time clock) She's out of sight now." 
"Asmodeus is searching the skies for her. He sees her. She's not just falling, she's accelerating as she descends. The devil is crouching down on hands and knees watching her. He looks like a heavy rock covered in scales. At she speed she's coming down now, if she hits that rock there'll be pieces of angel all over the place."
"Asmodeus can see where she's going to impact and has retreated into a turtle pose." 
"Wait. She's spiraling down now, twisting left, twisting right, speed is coming off. She has changed directions now. She's strafing him from behind and raking his back with something in her hands." 
"Scales are flying. Asmodeus has a long bloody stretch of bare skin on his back. He stands and tries to look at the wound but can't. He's searching for her now. Looking in the sky. He can't see her. I can't either." [Shields turned his face to the left and pointed down.]
"Oh my goodness. She's not in the sky. She's flying through the hay. Coming straight at him. Slowing a bit. He still doesn't see her." 
"Again, she's raking his body with her two hands from waist to chin. He's swinging madly at her but she's long gone. She turned that horizontal speed into vertical speed. He's bleeding on the front now. He's looking at his wounds. Touching himself. Smelling the blood." 
"She's back. Landing in front of him. She was an angel; now she's a humanoid figure. She's telling him to look at her. Asmodeus is looking at her. They're dancing around a little. Getting ready to fight. She's sort of punching at him. She's way shorter than him. He's trying to grab a hand or an arm. If he does, he'll rip it off."
"She's attacking. Here's one heavy punch above his left hip. A second punch above his right hip. Now she's stepping back. Asmodeus is toppling. He can't stand up. He's on his back. She's sitting on his chest now. He's trying to grab her. She swats his hands away and drives her fist into his armpit. Now the left fist into the other armpit. His arms are falling. He's down."
"Folks, that's it for the battle. He's trying to get up but can't. Signing off now from Angelion's prairies, it's the Shields and Jacob fly home show."
[Wilizy. Don't forget the stassis chargers. One of you should keep him pinned until we can sort out what we should do with him after the Angelion fleet leaves.]
...
"You're weird. They are so going to demote you for being irreverent."
"Why are you upset? I gave you first billing. How much time?"
Shields flashed the clock at him. "One minute and forty five seconds."
"That's why you wanted the tall grass for the kill zone."
"Yup. I guess I have to take you out to dinner and not talk to you." 
"I'm looking forward to it."
"Good luck. I doubt very much that we'll be seeing each other again, so there's no bet." 
"A kiss good bye?"
"You never stop, do you?"
"One of my better qualities."
"Behave yourself. Guinevere is coming aboard."

Back to the Table of Contents
Chapter 32

Immediately after the battle, Reese, Karita, and Maddy kept Asmodeus pinned to the prairie of the duel site with their gravity weapons until all the ships had left. Justice appeared and took Asmodeus and Sugar Smacks away for interrogation. Captain Jacob transferred back into his own ship. Julia didn't want to attend the trial because she had said what she had wanted to say to her father already. This meant Heaven.1's invisible lifeboat had enough room for everybody to watch Justice issue her judgment. 
 # # # # # # # # 
With almost all of the Angelion population already crammed into the southern hemisphere, it made sense for Justice to issue a planet-wide instruction for Angelions to assemble in the Drunwild Valley, which was broad enough and sloped enough for her to announce the results of her investigation to all citizens. 
Again, she did her introduction: I am the light that will lead you to the truth. I am Justice.
She started with Sugar Smacks by describing how he had participated in a plot to poison innocent citizens of another planet. He had also stolen a spaceship and the gold within it. "You are an embarrassment to your planet, which rightly expect its citizens to be honest and to contribute to their society. I sentence you to being hung by your shoulders from the flagpole at spaceport for six months. When you are released, if Angelion will have you, you may remain here. Planet authorities will determine what role you'll have."
Next, she summarized her findings on Asmodeus, focusing on his murder of two Lucifus citizens, and his murderous rampage through half of Angelion. When she was finished, she pulled back a blanket to reveal the devil lying on his back and strapped to a wooden table placed at the bottom of the valley. "Asmodeus, I sentence you to die for your crimes," she ruled and then added, "President Ritchit has sought permission to address the population of Angelion at this time."
Ritchit told the planet how he was aware that many of them had been resisting the changes in their society that Justice had ordered. He told them that he understood how hard it was to change habits that were long engrained. He spoke of K-Lit and how much he was enjoying his relationship with her, but he struggled at times breaking the habit of never speaking to a woman. He urged the citizens to try to live a different life with males and female as equal partners.
"I am optimistic that you will do this because I saw how the citizens of the planet banded together to welcome refugees into their homes and communities. If there is one good thing that comes out of this creature's evil presence on our planet, your response to the emergency will be it. Let this be our first day of solidarity."
"This creature is what happens when people on a planet ignore the rule of law and behave as though the laws don't apply to them. As a planet, we must resolve to never become evil. This is what I say to evil."
With that, Ritchit picked up a cloth wrapped package from under the table holding the devil. He unwrapped it to reveal a long-handled battle-axe. "This is a sacred relic from our planet's historical museum. It comes from the time when Trible the Great led Angelions to throw off oppressive forces and dedicate our planet to gaining civilization status in the Cosmos. With this axe, I dedicate the planet of Angelion to returning to civilization status."
Ritchit raised the axe over his head and swung it mightily through Asmodeus' neck. His head wobbled a bit before falling off the table. Ritchit picked up the head by one of its horns. "This head will hang over the entrance to Government House as a warning to all in the Cosmos. WE, THE CITIZENS OF ANGELION ARE NOT EVIL! WE WILL NOT BECOME EVIL. WE WILL NOT TOLERATE EVIL IN OUR MIDST." 
President Ritchit raised Asmodeus' severed head into the air and the people of Angelion rose as one with it. The sound of approval was deafening.
 # # # # # # # # 
I'm off to deliver a stolen yacht to Lucifus along with its gold. I'll talk to Burger King about the strange circumstances that occurred on Dionysus. I wouldn't hold out too much hope for him to confess all. 
 I was ...
Got to fly. Bye, Doppel. 
Bye Ganger.
Justice was there and gone so quickly that Winnie didn't have the chance to ask if her little speech about family had been intended to remind her that she had a family that had anti-devil weapons. Was she influencing her thoughts? Or, was she really reminiscing? Maybe next time they met, she'd ask.
 # # # # # # # # 
"That speech was great, Mr. President. You had them on their feet. That applause must have lasted five minutes."
"It was your idea, Winnie."
"Just to address the planet. You made it work sensationally."
"K-Lit helped write it and I practiced it in front of her."
"Are the two of you planning to get together formally?"
"We're talking about it. She's reluctant to leave her small clinic. I'm offering her the position of Chief Medical Officer for the planet's hospital. She'll be able to influence she planet's training program for new doctors. She's thinking about it. I've suggested that Julia could take over as head of the clinic. She has great organizational skills and cares deeply about the people she sees. She's quite the gift you brought to Angelion. I'm sending Heaven a gift in return."
"She really roasted him. I heard every word. She got rid of a lot of hate, I think. What's the gift? Is it wrapped in shiny paper?"
"I don't know anything about shiny paper, but it is clothed if that's what you're worrying about." 
"Now, I'm curious. When will we get it?"
"Soon, I think."
 # # # # # # # # 
"Heaven.1: Permission to come aboard?"
Shields was the duty officer. "Identify yourself."
"My name is Jacob. I used to be the captain of the Angelion.39."
"Permission granted."
...
"Used to be the captain? I told you that they'd demote you."
"Nah, they didn't get the chance. The night you and I were picking the killing zone, President Ritchit himself asked your Galahad if he would accept me into the Christian Soldiers ranks. Galahad agreed on condition that I agreed. That took me about five seconds, and all of those seconds involved me jumping up and down with happiness. You can't believe how antiquated the senior military is in this planet."
"I saw them in action, remember. So, your shall we call them ... personality quirks... weren't really you?"
 "I don't remember much of the day. I was so happy to be free. They couldn't stomp on me any more. Did I insult you? I tend to do that. And I run off at the mouth when I shouldn't. I can be persistent too. They wouldn't listen to anything I suggested. I was too young to know anything about military matters."
"Do you remember anything at all about our conversations?"
"Bits and pieces. I remember sitting next to you and totally zoning out thinking about my luck. I don't remember saying anything to you at all. Sorry if I was rude. I remember watching your Guinevere demolish a devil. Nobody in Angelion could have done that." 
"Why are we taking you? What does Heaven gain?"
"Beats me. The Angelion Command said I had no military skills whatsoever."
"They promoted you to captain."
"They thought that would shut me up. It was the worst ship in the fleet."
"Was?"
"I tweaked it some." 
"I'll show you where you can bunk down. We'll be on our way soon. I'm sure that Galahad will be by soon to welcome you."
"Any chance of finding something to eat? I'm tired of eating sunlight."
"I'll scrounge something up for you, but I can't stay and talk. I have the conn for the trip back."
[Just because Jacob didn't remember the bet, Shields did and so she honored it]. 
 # # # # # # # # 
Both heavenly ships were in warp when Maddy found Winnie alone in the lounge and looking out at the non-scenery. "I liked your battle. Who trained you?"
"Mostly Galahad, but others helped as well. Joe-Joe invented the descalers for me." 
"Shields trained me. I do the high speed gymnastic flying too."
"I know. Galahad trained Shields. The training is designed to make the most use of a trainee's personality and skill levels. You're more athletic than I am and you're more daring. Shields tweaked your training to take advantage of that. You could have taken Asmodeus."
...
"Can I talk with you about baseball?"
"I know that there's no bull in the bullpen and there's no ship in the on deck circle. That's the extent of my baseballeeze."
"You'll understand this. The Wildcats went to the National Championships a week ago. We lost to another team that ..." 
 # # # # # # # # 
"OK Maddy, I understand why everybody would be upset about the other team having older players."
"Really older players, Winnie. I was scouting a game and I saw the Plungers' bat girl sitting alone in the stands. So, I sat with her and we talked about being a bat girl. She was 14 like me. She received the position because her mom was on the team."
"Huh. Assume a birth at the age of 18, that makes the mom 32 years old."
"If she had the birth at 21, she's 35 now. They were all older by far. How can they be university students when they are that old? University is supposed to be for teenagers and young 20's!"
"So, you returned your medal, which I like. You told the authorities what's wrong. Won't that take care of the problem?"
"Why should we believe that an organization run by male football coaches will do the right thing for women sports?"
"What's football?"
"A game where you scramble your brains. I want to take this on. I want the Wildcats to receive their first place medal and I have to do that before university is out. If I don't find something crooked about the Wooster Plungers, then I'll stop."
"OK. What do you need from me?" 
"To start with, I need to get inside that university's computers."
"I'll do that first thing when we get back. Other than the last game being harsh, did you enjoy being at a university tournament?"
"I did. Maureen was named as an all-star and so was Audrey's older sister. Both were fantastic in the final game. Like I told you, I put a Hawaii biker gang out of business. Plus the team bought me a new bathing suit as a Christmas gift. My old suit was kind of a grandmotherly. Would you like to see it?"
"Sure."
"Close your eyes. I'll think it on."
...
"OK, open your eyes."
"ACK!"
"What? Too skimpy?"
"There's hardly any cloth at all! Did you actually wear this on a beach?"
"No. It doesn't do well in the water. I think the fabric stretches and the suit will fall off. I just walked around on the sand. I was quite popular."
"I can see why."
"It didn't bother me walking around with so much skin showing, Winnie. That's because of you. You taught me not to be body shy with all your skinny dipping parties."
"NO MEN WERE ALLOWED in my skinny dipping parties!"
"Still, I couldn't have done it without you giving me the OK."
"I didn't.... I get it. You're winding me up."
"Who? Me?"
"What did you like the most about being in space?"
"The view from this room when we weren't warping. Bouncing off the walls when we were weightless."
"I liked that too my first time. I got to walk outside. That's been the best for me."
"The best for me was when I took some picture of me in my almost a swim suit and left them in the crew quarters. I put your face on the pictures." 
"ACK!"
"I didn't actually." 
 "OK, you got me good."
 "I double-ACK'ed you. It's hardly a challenge to single ACK you any more."
"Why are you doing this?"
"I'm a teenager, Winnie. You're my mom. It's my job."

Back to the Table of Contents

Chapter 33

The room was a sterile rectangular box. A simple meeting table sat in the middle of the box. A speaker nestled inside a white box sat at the end of the table. On one side of the table, a devil sat in a comfortable chair. A semi-bright light shone in the other chair. 
"Burger King, I should tell you that Harry arranged for me to meet with you in his spaceship. This interview is being recorded. Thank you for meeting with me."
"A justice of the Cosmos asked for a meeting. I didn't have much choice. Is this a formal investigation?"
"No. Not yet. I'm trying to wrap up an investigation around the events in Dionysus and the tragic loss of your spaceship. That ship was carrying feathers that you use for pillows, is that right?"
 "Yes. Some of our citizens are getting up in age and need some creature comforts."
"Angelion didn't report any trade of angel feathers with you recently."
"There are other kinds of feathers."
"It's hard to believe that feathers could explode and blow up your ship."
"I find that hard to believe too. I also find it hard to believe that Cosmos investigators found no trace of a missile blowing up our ship."
"The explosion came from inside the cargo hold of your ship."
"Obviously, somebody put a bomb in the cargo hold."
"Do you have enemies in Dionysus?"
"We had a consulate officer that may have angered them. He was acting badly as you had reported to me. Before he died, he confessed that he had angered some Dionysusians."
"He died?"
"The great shame that he brought on Lucifus was too much for him. He committed suicide."
"I've brought back a private yacht that we found in the asteroid belt in Earth's solar system. It's registered to a company in Lucifus."
"Yes, one of our senior devils owns that yacht. Thank you for returning it."
"Any idea why it is was in the asteroid belt near Earth?"
"Obviously, for mining purposes."
 "Are you aware that a senior devil from Hell went on a rampage on Angelion and had to be put down?"
"Yes. That news has been circulating in the Cosmos."
"That senior devil's name was Asmodeus. Did the owner of the yacht lend or rent the yacht to Asmodeus.""
"Yes. He lent it at no charge. He also gave him a crew of two."
"What was he expecting Asmodeus to do with the yacht?"
"He was going to the belt to mine for gold."
"That's a strange thing for a wealthy devil to do."
"As I understand it, Asmodeus had shamed Hell with some obsession about his daughter. Satan had threatened to take away some of his fortune and his power. Asmodeus offered to pay him back. That's why he was mining. Our senior devil felt bad for him and offered to help."
"But Asmodeus was found on Angelion."
"He was possibly there for food and other supplies?"
 "That's a long way to go for food and other supplies."
"He was an old devil. They can go rogue or crazy. That must have been what happened."
"We found gold in his ship."
"He actually found gold?"
"Perhaps. It showed no signs of recent mining. Did that gold come from Lucifus?"
"No. We had no reason to give an old devil gold."
"So, you're not making any claim on the gold?"
"No. That gold would belong to Asmodeus."
"I've heard some very strange rumors that your ship that blew up was carrying three angels from Heaven who had been angel-napped in Dionysus. Supposedly, they blew themselves up when the ship was approaching Lucifus."
"That was fake news. You can't trust social media these days."
"Did you have any involvement in this?"
"That's a terrible thing to suggest. If Heaven has three missing angels, surely they would have reported that to the proper authorities. Have they done that?"
"No."
"So, you have no authority to start an investigation, formal or otherwise."
 "I was mainly here to bring back your yacht. We've determined that it belongs to you personally.
"I use it for love trysts. I try to keep that a secret."
"I can see why you would want to do that."
 # # # # # # # # 
The scene is still a sterile rectangular box. On one side of the table, a devil sat in a comfortable chair. A semi-bright light shone in the other chair. 
"Why am I here?" Satan asked. 
"I'm trying to tie up some loose ends around Asmodeus' rampage through Angelion. You don't object to answering some questions, do you?" 
"Do I have a choice? I'll tell you right up front. Asmodeus went rogue. Hell had no control over him. We are not responsible for any of the damages he caused."
"How well were you getting along with him before he left Hell for the last time?"
"Not well at all. His kidnapping of the mortal spawn was horrific. He was operating on his own. He went rogue. I never knew."
"He also tried to use his daughter spawn to assassinate a mortal." 
"Yes. That was totally against our treaty with Heaven, which we adhere to as closely as we can."
"You knew he had a daughter though."
"Yes. She willingly sold her soul to him. Everything about that was legal."
"But it wasn't legal for Asmodeus to kidnap mortals on Earth and bring them to Hell."
"No. "
"And then Heaven called for a Cops of the Cosmos intervention. Did Brunhilda handle the case?"
"No. Some new angel named Guinevere did. Ponzi handled the case for us."
"Would you say that Guinevere did quite a number on Asmodeus?"
"She did. I talked to Asmodeus about what he had done afterwards. I gave him an ultimatum to pay Hell back for the trouble he had caused."
"How was he to do that?"
"I exiled him. He had to mine for gold in the asteroid belt to pay for what he had done. I arranged for him to have a ship from Lucifus and a crew."
"Did that exile include going to Angelion?"
"No, but he might have needed more supplies. I guess he heard rumors about his daughter being there and he went crazy. I didn't know he was on Angelion. We're not responsible."
"I've heard some crazy rumors that Asmodeus arranged to angel-nap three angels from Heaven and they were in the Lucifus spaceship when it exploded, killing all aboard. Asmodeus likes to use kidnapping to solve his problem. Guinevere was one of the angels that reportedly had died in that ship. It looks like Asmodeus kidnapped her and two other angels as revenge. Was Hell involved in this? Do you know anything about it?"
"That was fake news. You can't trust social media these days. Has Heaven reported that three of its angels are missing? Have they charged us with being involved?"
"No."
"Then, why are you here?"
"I'm here to determine who owns the gold in Asmodeus' ship and return it. From what you said, Asmodeus owed it to you. Due to the amount of gold that he mined, I'll have to hold a formal hearing to ensure that you are the legitimate owner. Shall we schedule the formal hearing for next week? Don't worry about providing proof of his exile. I'll put you under the truth ray."
"That gold is tainted from all of Asmodeus' killings. Hell couldn't possibly accept it."
Did you know that those three angels that were supposedly angel-napped weren't actually angel-napped?"
"I don't know anything about angel-napping. If it happened, it was all Asmodeus' doing.
"Angelion asked Heaven for help when Asmodeus started his rampage. Those three angels were highly motivated to catch Asmodeus for trying to angel-nap them." 
"I don't know anything about angel-napping. You should talk to Asmodeus." 
"I did."
"He was obviously senile. Anything he said cannot be trusted."
"I have a message for you from one of the angels who was angel-napped."
 "I wasn't involved."
"I'm supposed to say, Cat-Hog." 
"What's that mean?"
"Beats me."

Back to the Table of Contents

Chapter 34: Final Words

Here's a hint about Winnie's message: CAT-HOG. It has nothing to do with cats or hogs, although an image on the cover shows you what a cat-hog might look like if there were such a thing.
The title is an anagram and when you put the letters in the proper sequence, it will sound very Winnie-ish. Start with the G.

Back to the Table of Contents

Books in the Wilizy series

As of April 2021, there were thirty novels in the Wilizy series. Check below to see if you've missed any. 

Book #1: I Got'cha

If you think being a teenager in today's world is tough, try being one in 2081. In Alberta's It's Only Fair society, your brain-band will zap you just for chewing with your mouth open. One boy pried his brain-band off to see what living with emotions would be like. Being chased by the entire Alberta army was bad enough. It became worse when another 15 year old kid offered to help him escape. 

Book #2: The Get-Even Bird 

Will and Izzy are forced to flee from Zzyk's army. After months away from Alberta, they fly their sailing ship into B.C. thinking that they would be safe there. Bad mistake! Izzy is captured. All Will has to do to save her life is turn himself in for a free brain-band fitting appointment. That's what happens when you wear a Zorro costume to a dance. 

Book #3: Assassination Day

A DPS technician offers to defect if the Wilizy will rescue his daughter from The Citadel – some super smart military people who are friends with Zzyk. Izzy thinks that their new recruit is an assassin, but Yollie insists that he's a decent man. Can assassins be decent men? It will take a hair-raising experience to find out. 




Book #4: Hoist the Jolly Lucas

It's bad enough that Zzyk pins the blame for two assassinations on Izzy and launches a full out assault on their home compound. But then, another enemy takes advantage of a security lapse to get revenge for a war that happened 20 years ago. The Wilizy are left reeling with two key members kidnapped and stashed where they can't be found, let alone rescued. For the family to survive, everybody must enter the battle. The story is as much about the past as it is about the present. 

Book #5: Teenage Mutant Ninja Torpedoes (Yes, this is a Wilizy book.) 

Mac disappears and doesn't want to be found. Will and Wolf use time-travel to search for her and discover secrets she wouldn't want them to know. The Alaskans attack when Will is finding out what happens to a submarine's air when it is lying helpless on the ocean floor. Between the Alaskans' impenetrable fortress and their bubblegum weapons, life is going to get a little sticky for the Wilizy. 

Book #6: Bob, the Invisible Dragon

Raging hormones as well as Raging Gardeners play key roles when young Wilizy warriors are attacked and the Wilizy's scientific marvels offer no protection. The youngsters' future will rely on a different kind of warrior protecting them. Warning: events at the end of the story will move quickly. They certainly won't drag on. 
 
Book #7: Nary, Nary, Quite Contrary

Theo and Lucas move to Toronto to live on their own. Both meet girls but neither is brave enough to introduce his new friend to the family. They wouldn't have the time anyway, what with villains trying to assassinate them and Voodoo royalty greeting them as though they were Voodoo gods. At the end of the story, Lucas receives a surprise Boxing Day gift that leaves him speechless. 
Book #8: Maddy's a Baddy

Maddy had escaped from Big Momma only to find herself all alone in the cold and begging for food in Eastern Canada. While she's trying to return to her home in Seattle, the Wilizy have their own problems. Everybody in the family is intent on bringing the judge to justice for what he did to Lucas. It would have been so easy for them to rescue Maddy, but they didn't know anything about her. 

Book #9: Bite Me! 

Spurred on by Marie's desire to eat a meal with her former slave masters, the Wilizy plan to put Safe Haven ranches out of business. In the process, they encounter two foreign assassins intent on abducting Maddy. Theo and Nary become closer but a red-eyed chaperone does not approve. The Wilizy's war with Safe Haven starts with a bang but ends with a whimper. 

Book #10: Wheelchair Moccasins! 

A 13 year old girl pretends to turn to prostitution to gain her freedom from her crime boss father. In Wilizy family news, Winnie agrees not to meddle in Mathias' love life. No, the world isn't ending, so long as you don't have a green vegetable for your name. Best advice ever? If somebody wearing moccasins and sitting in a wheelchair offers to sing you to sleep... run!

Book #11: Trial by Nick

After the Scandinavians attack their home base, Winnie develops an idea for defeating Crown Prince Wilhelm that is a dramatic departure from their normal military battles. In their personal lives, the Toronto teenagers have to become schnobs to keep their basketball futures alive, Lucas and Lylah begin dating, and two of EmmaGee's personalities leave her body. 
Book #12. Tickled Pink

A man uses his unlimited wealth and power to assault women without fear of legal consequences. If they object, he'll humiliate them publicly and ruin their lives. If they don't stand up to him, their lives as they knew them will be over. But how do you fight a man who is above the law? Here's how. The Raging Gardeners help the women while Winnie attacks him where he isn't looking. 

Book #13: Second Base

Granny and Doc enjoy a spirited life in their new Australian house while Bean has to adjust to her mother joining her in the Wilizy cadet camp. She meets a charming man with country pumpkin witticisms whose entire life is dedicated to becoming a cold blooded killer. Meanwhile, Safe Haven's impenetrable offices aren't as safe as they thought they were. 

Book #14: Old Stone Face

Bean moves to Toronto with her sheriff who takes a job as a private detective. Before long, he's trying to bring a mad scientist to justice - the same man that Winnie is after. With both the Wilizy and a countrified sheriff after the same man, you'd think he'd be easy to catch. Too bad there are no laws about a mad scientist killing twenty-one babies. 

Book #15: Remember the Halocracy

Reese finds Annika - his first, and only, girl friend. For reasons that nobody fully understands, he sort of kidnaps her but she willingly accompanies him to the far side of globe. Reese figures out later that she could be trying to seduce him when in fact, she's actually going to try to kill him. 


Book #16: Coffee Can Kill Ya! 

Convincing Paula's brother to give her a proper share of her parents' estate had seemed so easy. Turned out that it wasn't so easy after all. In the Wilizy's defense, murdering extra-terrestrials that tried to kidnap a corpse created unique challenges. To their credit, the Wilizy dealt with those. But, how do you deal with something that you can't see and don't even know exists? 

Book #17: Nice Birthday Party, Governor. 

Plot twists abound as the Wilizy take on the Colorado government and the NORAD military simultaneously. Maddy quits the cadet corp to run a secret operation that ends in a one-on-one battle. Melissa breaks Reese out of jail and Cowboy shows his dramatic talents, which do not include stripping. Winnie directs two dramatic productions but only one of these involves wearing respectable clothes. 

Book #18: The Tale of the Scorpion's Tail

The Wilizy have to neutralize NORAD's nuclear missiles while defeating their air force without causing any casualties. A special weapon (guided bird poop) will be needed. Meanwhile, Heaven's guardian angels are under attack from within. The key to success? Rescuing a gerbil imprisoned in an escape-proof cage. "Molly Moonblossom" and "Nympho Maniac" play key roles. One of these actors is Winnie. 

Book #19: Brunhilda, the Steamroller. 

Billy Bump resurfaces and plans Maddy's death. Winnie accepts a secret mission but runs afoul of Yolanda, who is sure that she has a boyfriend. Yolanda's vision that Winnie will be attacked comes true. Demonic infiltrators into Heaven escape detection when the steamroller named Brunhilda prosecutes Arthur and finds him guilty. This time, he won't be going back to guardian angel school.
Book #20: Lock Up Your Corn Starch!

While Paula, Winnie and Arthur are on a perilous mission for Heaven, the Wilizy family is trying to rescue Charlie and Sheila from prison. Wilizy forces battle demented escaped convicts intent on slaughtering innocent victims to help a brown supremacist politician win an election. If you're intent on going to Hell when you die, be sure to read this book for a preview of what's waiting for you. 


Book #21: The Champion Kisser 

Melissa's Operation Beef Jerky, featuring pragmatic momma cows and flying unbranded calves, goes after a stinky justice. In Hell, Winnie has to deal with a dead pharmacist and an asparagus-shaped devil geek in her operation against the perfume-toting, hog-riding Rat. On her side is a pussy tat named Santa Claws and a junk food eating canary that has a fatal encounter with a loaded frying pan. 


Book #22: Black Cats: Lucky or Unlucky?

Strange characters abound in this story. You'll meet a woman named Fido, a purple gnome, a mining gal that can make a cowhand vibrate, a safe-cracking masked marauder, a stinker bell, a high wire gymnast afraid of height, three hench-devils, and a devil wearing an Elizabethan ebony doublet, complete with raven black satin breeches and a heart shaped codpiece. Oh yeah. There's also a black cat. 

Book #23: Morgana Foils the Duke's Plans

In Book #23, you'll meet a zesty Zulu goddess who pulls a spear of gold out of a lake bed. An angel named Prudence has a potty mouth. A dolphin in the Cops of the Cosmos arranges for Heaven to invade Hell. Queen Guinevere meets Sir Galahad, Sir Lance Lott, and Sir Launchalot, one of whom is not gallant. The perfume toting Morgana wields a devilish weapon of mass olfaction. 

Book #24: Who Painted Lord Percy?

Book #24 asks the question: Who Painted Lord Percy? The suspects include: a dead man who hunts perverts, a condom buying female angel, the devil named Gold Pinkies, a cherry pie barfing angel, a mortal resigned to joining The Borg's beehive, a skinny-dipping ghost, a devil named Adolf Hitler, an angel who can't pucker up to kiss, and the angels who protected Christopher Columbus.

Book #25: Happy Valentine's Day

Maddy is kidnapped by a witless devil named Pig Snout who stashes her in a retail outlet in Hell. With the help of Molly Moonblossom and Fanny Fandigity, the Wilizy bring a bullying businessman to justice and do it in a dandy way. Reese enjoys Valentine's Day in a way he never expected. A new hero emerges from the Wilizy's past. It will be nigh impossible for readers to guess who she is. 

Book #26: Lights, Camera, Action

Winnie gets a new angelic body, meets an angel from the medieval era, and gets a crash course on trident-shaped spaceships. Meanwhile, Satan is planning multiple changes to Hell that will have dangerous consequences for the Cosmos as well as for all female devils. If Winnie's three operations are successful, afterlife in Hell could be less misogynistic and perhaps even entertaining. 

Book #27: Bring your PJs

Readers will witness a treacherously-honest and bigoted politician take over a government and attack a defenseless opponent without warning. [Spoiler alert: This is the dastardly villain.] You'll also see heroes perform the national chicken revolution dance, defeat cheaters in a spaceship war, survive being cursed, and sneak off for a little romance without being caught by an all-knowing deity. 

Book #28: Queen Karita's Revenge

In this book, a brown-supremacist, power hungry politician uses her drunken army to subdue Nevada and Utah. The Wilizy use 'free trade' to defeat her. Readers will also learn about a strip-teasing jail-bait assassin, underage mortals entering and leaving Hell, Molly Moonblossom at work, the word 'gazendogalapadus,' Winnie becoming a mother, and Karita's cockamamie revenge. 

Book #29: I am the Light

In this story, you'll read about an R-rated welcome home costume, a bright light that talked, Sheila' and Stook's unwilling assassin, a pregnant ghost, a horse that could whinny a song, a female starship captain that was punished for exceeding planetary speed limits, an angel with vampire teeth, and a drug boss who wore pink panties that were far too small for him. The bra fit nicely though. 







Book #30: Cat-Hog

Asmodeus' plan to capture Galahad, Shields and Winnie is two-thirds successful when Winnie finds out what has happened. She knows that her efforts to rescue them might end up with a trip to Planet Corpse, but walks into the trap anyway. Justice investigates Satan and Burger King but can't prove anything. They go unpunished. Spoiler alert: No cat-hogs were harmed in the publication of this novel. 

Back to the Table of Contents



About the Author

David J. Wighton is a retired educator who enjoys writing youth novels when he's not on a basketball court coaching middle-school girls. The books in his Wilizy series peek at how people lived after the word's governments collapsed in the chaos that followed the catastrophic rise in ocean levels and the disappearance of the world's last deposits of oil. 

Wighton's novels have strong teenage characters driving the plot and facing challenges that, in many respects, are no different from what teenagers face today. His novels are intended to entertain and readers will find adventure, romance, suspense, humour, a strong focus on family, plus a touch of whimsy. Wighton also writes to provoke a little thought about life in today's societies and what the future might bring. Teachers may find the series useful in the classroom and the novels are priced with that intent in mind. 
 
Back to the Table of Contents

