Challenger
Role Playing Game Core Rules
by 
David L. Dostaler
&
Joseph A. A. Dostaler

Superior Games Books
Find us on the web at: ChallengerRPG.com, check out RPGnow.com for a printable PDF of the Challenger character sheet, and visit Amazon.com/books to find a print version of Challenger RPG. Also, the Kindle version has more art and a linked table of contents.
Superior Games Books™
T4X 1E8
4813-43 Ave.
Beaumont, AB
Copyright © 2011 by David L. Dostaler. All rights reserved.
Cover Art: © 2011 by Laura E.C. Dostaler. All rights reserved.
Interior Art: © 2011 by Laura E.C. Dostaler. All rights reserved
Copyright Notice: No part of this book may be reproduced in
any form or by any means without permission in writing from the author.
Permission to Photocopy: Any purchaser of this book may photocopy, for
personal use only, the character sheets or other tables in this book.
Made in Canada
First Edition: February, 28th, 2011
ISBN 978-0-9868840-0-9
Published by David L. Dostaler at Smashwords
Contact Info: If you have any questions or comments about
this game, please write us a letter using the contact address above. Thank you.
You may also contact us by e-mail at: challenger_rpg@hotmail.com
Please be sure to include “Challenger RPG” or similar in the title
of any e-mails so we don’t accidentally delete them as spam. Thank you.
Dedication
I would like to dedicate this game to: my family, God, and the thousands of people who downloaded, played, and helped me with my RPG e-books. I couldn’t have done it without you. Thanks guys.
Game Credits
Laura E.C. Dostaler, Joseph A. A. Dostaler, Elizabeth L.G. Dostaler, Mom, and Dad. Special thanks to: Matt Fleming “Formatting Master”, Dannick Pomerleau, Thomas Pomerleau, Sean Sandeen “The King”, Bone Naga “The Archwizard”, Roel Schuring, Daniel Grund, Oxybe (Frank Dell), “Mello Red”, Mylon “PDF Bookmarks and ToC”, Tor, Heather DeBord, Amanda Wolfe, Robby Fury the Pirate King, Jacob Hartman “Forum King”, and Xguild for their invaluable advice and great support.
An Extra special thanks to Daniel Grund for the great work on the latest edition. All the improvement to the skills chapter and too many other things to mention are thanks to him. It’s very much appreciated. Thanks Daniel. 
Part 0.1: Introduction
The mighty warrior strode valiantly into the dragon’s cave. The smell of brimstone—somewhat like what the knight experienced after eating beans— was strong in his nostrils. Suddenly, the great red serpent leapt up out of a crevice in the earth! His molten eyes fixed on the hero. “Who dares challenge the mighty Seojsofnoes?!”
“It is I, Yanneth, the great swordsmaster, telekinetic, ninja, shape-changer!”
“Oh crud,” said the dragon. He crept back down into his crevice. Perhaps he’d eat someone else another day.
Welcome to the 3rd major version of the Challenger RPG game! Despite appearances, this game is outrageously simple to learn and play. The bulk of the text is taken up by classes and races of which there are very many indeed. You should not feel you have to read through every single one to learn to play this game, instead, just read the chapter headings in each section and you will know all the rules you need to play. Better yet, grab a few friends and start play right away with the quick-play version and sample adventure (at the end of this book). You can always ‘add-in’ the advanced rules and character additions later on if you want.
Part 0.2: How to Play a Role-playing Game
or
What the Heck is this?
Role-playing is playing the ‘role’ of a fictional character in the game. Every player’s character or ‘PC’ is one such fictional character (a hero) one of the players controls.
The ‘GM’ is the one player who is in charge of the game known as the ‘game master’. The game master controls everything in the game and ongoing story except for the players’ characters. The players’ characters can do or say whatever they’d like, but it is up to the GM to decide what actions succeed or fail in his sole discretion. Sometimes the GM will call for a die roll to determine success or failure. The rules outlined in the following chapters will tell you what your player’s need to roll for their characters to accomplish such actions in the game. If any action is unlisted, use the recommendations below and your best judgment as GM. The GM designs ‘adventures’ which the heroes (PCs) embark on to slay dragons, rescue princesses, and retrieve great magical treasures. For more on ‘adventures’ and how to GM, please see: Chapter Seven: The GM’s Section and Chapter Eight: Adventure and Game Design.
RR is the number a player will need to roll at or above to succeed on a challenge (created by the GM or set from the rules in Chapter Seventeen: Monsters and Obstacles). This game is full of challenges; from mighty monsters, to climbing terrible mountains, to negotiating with deadly princes. RR stands for Risk Rating and also for Risk vs. Reward because when you risk something you’re most often rewarded with treasure, magic items, xp, or just your own survival! See the GM’s Section in Chapter Seven for more details on Rewards.
Part 0.3: Dice Abbreviations
1d20 means: roll one twenty-sided die. 1d6 means: roll one six-sided die. 3d6 would mean: roll three six-sided dice and add the results together. Roll 1d20-5 would mean roll one twenty-sided die and subtract five from the result. See also, the Glossary at the back of this book for how to roll any other funny numerical quantities including: percentages, 1d5, and 1d100 (which you don’t actually need a die for).
Part 0.4: What you will need to Play
You will need all of the following to play:
1. One or more friends ages 13 and up. (Or younger, if you think you can handle it.)
2. Polyhedral dice. You’ll need a full set of 7 polyhedral dice to play. If you don’t have them, you can make do with a random number generator on the internet.
3. Miniature Figures (Optional). Some players like to use miniature figures. This game supports that system, but it’s not necessary to play.
4. An ‘Adventure’. There is an included Sample Adventure at the back of this book to get you started (Chapter Eighteen). After that, you’ll either have to grab the loads of free adventures I’ve put out for Challenger, or create your own! See: Chapter Eight: Adventure and Game Design for more details on creating your own adventures and game worlds (also known as ‘campaign’ settings).
5. Imagination. This game is a role-playing game. All the action takes place in your imagination. Creativity also helps a lot. Ye have been warned.
Part 0.5: List of Abbreviations
RPGs (role-playing games) tend to use a lot of funny abbreviations. I’ll try to outline the most common ones for you here. If you come across any not listed below, please consult the ‘Glossary’ at the back of this book.
RPG: Role-playing game.
XP: Experience Points. Awarded by the GM to make the players’ characters stronger. See: Rewards in the ‘GM’s Section’ (Chapter Seven) for details. When you gain enough xp you level up and become more powerful. Challenger functions on a dual, level and point-buy xp system.
GM: Game Master. The one player who ‘referees’ the game, describes the action, sets the scene, plays all the NPCs and villains, awards xp and treasure, and who has the toughest job because he has to actually read the GM’s section. The GM also designs ‘Adventures’ for the player’s characters to embark on.
PC: Player Character. Usually defined on a ‘character sheet’ (you may copy the one on the back of this book for your personal use only). Each player usually controls one character and possibly any ‘henchmen’ or ‘pets’ that character might have.
NPC: Non-Player Character. Any character in the game not directly controlled by a player is controlled by the GM and is thus a ‘non-player character’.
HP: Hit Points. A measure of toughness. When your hit points reach 0, you fall unconscious. At -10 hit points a character is dead (usually).
RR: Risk Rating. Roughly translated: Target Number. This is the number you will need to roll on 1d20 to succeed on a challenge. It is possible to roll numbers higher than 20 if you have ‘bonuses’ to a roll through your skills and powers. For example: Bob has +5 Climb and rolls a 20 on 1d20. His total is 25. If the RR number set by the GM is 25 or less, Bob has succeeded! Otherwise, Bob has failed.
You: This isn’t really an abbreviation. When these rules refer to ‘you’ it’s just short hand for ‘your character’. We never meant to imply you yourself are running around with swords and saving princesses from evil wizards when this might not necessarily be the case.
Fractions: This isn’t really an abbreviation either. Throughout the rules you’ll frequently run into fractions. Unless otherwise noted, round all fractions up.
Any more Questions?
Don’t worry. This game is actually stupendously easy to play. Just read the examples of play and the introduction and sample adventure. You don’t have to memorize the rule-book before play. Just rip into the adventure and look things up as you go. It’s the best way. If you still have any questions this book doesn’t cover, feel free to skip over to ‘Adventure and Game Design’ the ‘Glossary’ the ‘GM’s Section’ or check our website and the FAQ page. If that still doesn’t answer your questions, feel free to pop me a line at: challenger_rpg@hotmail.com and I’d be more than happy to answer any questions you might still have.
Challenger in a Nutshell
Thanks for purchasing Challenger RPG! I hope you enjoy playing it as much as I (and others) did designing it. Challenger was meant to be: fun, easy, fast, and filled with options. That’s why the book is so big. There are a lot of options here.
Will you play as a Swashbuckling Pirate? A Shape-Changing, Teleporting, Warrior Monkey? An incredible Immortal Archer Fairy? Or maybe even a Techno Wizard Robot? The choice is yours. There are thousands of Class and Race combinations for you to choose from, and that’s not even getting into skills!
This game is responsive not reactive. What this means is that the GM doesn’t plan things out and then force you to react to what he’s created. Instead, the GM lets you do whatever you want and responds to your actions. This ‘feel’ is reflected in the game rules and systems. The players roll all the dice, so they choose how to react to any situation. Will your players fight when you thought they should roll diplomacy? Will they talk when you thought they should fight? All the decisions are in the players’ hands—where they should be. Of course, as the GM with ultimate power, you can rig your ‘adventures’ to encourage certain courses of action. But the final decision is always in the players’ hands. They don’t have to pick up their combat d20 if they want to role-play instead.
Why is Challenger Faster? Your attack roll and your opponent’s attack roll have been combined. When you hit, he misses. When you miss, he hits. To fight many opponents quickly there are monster stacking rules. If the players are ignoring obvious threats, severely outnumbered, or taking pointless actions they will suffer free hits. For even faster combat, simply eliminate weapon damage ratings altogether (all weapons deal 1 damage + any bonuses) and Challenger becomes even faster! See page 194 for rules on combat.
Why does Challenger have More Options? Apart from a massive list of playable Races, Classes, and Skills; Challenger also lets you roll for ‘Character Traits’ and ‘Character Backgrounds’ to further detail your origins. It also lets you create your own skills! Use your own player-created skills to: 1. create any skill you want 2. create your own player-made powers and use the skills system to activate them and 3. tap into ‘special abilities’ for your character. Your potential for creating and optimizing your character with this system is limitless! All skills and powers are also balanced in the XP system so the GM doesn’t need to worry about a thing. Finally, you can create your dream character without worrying about the rules getting in the way, or unbalancing the game.
Understanding This Product
This book is laid out into eighteen chapters. If you intend to play this game as a player you should read chapter one completely and the introductions to chapters two to five. This is all you need to know to play! 
To ease character creation, players should print off a copy of the character sheet at the back of this book. If that’s not an option, you can make your own character sheet. You can also download and print (for free) multiple fancy versions of the Challenger RPG character sheet on the web. See our website, http://www.challengerrpg.com/, for details.
If you are the GM, you have both a lot of work and a lot of fun ahead of you. The GM’s job is to run the whole game, explain it to the players, and understand the rules. Don’t worry, to get started all you need to do is read chapters seven, eight, nine, and ten in addition to what you would read if you were a player. Chapter seven will explain how the game rules work, chapter eight will tell you how to create adventures and game designs, chapter nine will train you how to create a dungeon, and chapter ten will teach you how to run the game. After that, you can run the sample adventure included in this book (chapter eighteen). Everything is pre-made for you, so you should have no trouble at all.
When you feel ready to master the fine art of GMing—after running a few games using Chapter Eight: Adventure and Game Design—you may proceed to read the rest of the book more thoroughly, checking out the sections filled with monsters and challenges, bonus game master tips, the hoards of magical items included in the magic item chapter, and anything else you feel up to.
Part 0.6: Role-Playing
Long ago I thought role-playing was the act of rolling the dice in the game. I now think that’s quite funny. Anyway, role-playing is the act of playing the role of a character in the game much like an actor plays a part in a movie or some people use funny voices to play a character in WoW.
The whole trick to role-playing is to get into the persona of your character and start to act as that character would. The whole point of the game is to play another character from another time doing heroic things in a fictional fantasy world. If you just use your name for your character name and fight orcs all the time you’ll be missing most of the fun.
So what’s so fun about play-acting weirdoes with swords and magic? Well, to keep things from being totally random there is one player called the game master who is essentially a storyteller and referee for the game. It’s his job to know the rules and keep things on track. At more advanced stages of game-play, it’s his job to create the fictional world and design the adventures you want your fictional heroes to embark on.
To avoid the dreaded, “I shot you.” “No I shot you.” thing; the Game Master has the final word on all successes and failures and what may be done and attempted in the game. The players each control a single character and the actions and words of that character but the GM plays the role of all other characters: all villains, kings, merchants, peasants, and so forth. The GM also sets the challenges, the stories, and the battles assigning difficulty numbers the players must roll to succeed and adjudicating the chances of actions to succeed or fail. No player can say, “I build a rocket ship.” What they can say is, “I try to build a rocket ship.” The GM may then say, “You can’t.” “You must roll x on this dice.” Or “You automatically succeed.”; according to play style and preferences.
When playing the game it is standard practice to describe actions, not actually do them. You don’t run around the parking lot to escape monsters, you just describe how your character is running away. Sometimes players will speak as their characters and sometimes as themselves amongst each other or to the GM to describe actions, ask game rule questions, and so forth. This is normal and usually it becomes second nature to players quickly.
To allow the players a mode of affecting their world they have powers and skills in the game mostly with statistical effects and most geared toward battle where lives will be at stake. This puts the players and Game Master on more even terms from time to time. While the GM may have ultimate power, it is wise to always let the players ‘roll’ to save their lives or influence their fate and especially in battles. No one likes having their character automatically killed, controlled, or forced to take actions.
By the same token, sometimes a game power of the players’ will allow them to influence reality or some of the characters controlled by the GM. It is a good idea to remember that the GM always has the final say on everything. He should be fair and reasonable, but if something is ruining the game or just doesn’t make sense he should step in and fix the rules. This is one of the things which make RPGs such great fun: Pure Creativity—both by the players and the GM.
For an example of some typical role-playing, see the examples of game-play in the very next chapter. 
While it’s all well and good to play the game strictly by the rules, when you get more experienced you’ll learn how to tweak the game in subtle ways to make it work for you and help to create fun and interesting stories and games. You should encourage the players to role-play their actions and words as if they were their characters by granting them experience point rewards and statistical bonuses for doing so.
In our culture, we are trained to succeed and to gain power. Most new players in the game will search out the most powerful options and combinations. That’s a fine thing, but in a good role-playing game run by a good GM, role-playing well and ideas will become more important than power and statistics. Heroism will be worth more than wealth and magical powers and working your butt off will yield more benefits than having high scores in your abilities.
Why should the game be like this? Well, because it’s a heck of a lot more fun for everyone when it is. When the players stop worrying about rules and start worrying about their fictional characters and the story the game will take off. In the hands of a good GM, the players will never feel jealous of each other or the statistics of other players. They will rest assured that good game-play, role-playing, and hard work will be rewarded with power and success whether with dice rolls or without them.
This is not to say that rules and power are meaningless. It’s just to say that they’re not as important as having fun and creating a good game and story.
In a good game, someone will play a wizard to be powerful. In a great game, someone will play a wizard because they want to and they know the GM will let them do many cool and magical things by being a wizard. They might know warriors are more powerful, but will rest assured the GM will grant them boons for playing well in the game so they can play the kind of character they want to rather than the most powerful one.
Good luck, you’re about to embark on a grand adventure!
Chapter One: Rules
If you’ve ever played an RPG before, you’re probably familiar with most of the terminology in this game. Outlined below are some of the major changes from the traditional RPG:
Rule Number One
Rule number one is that ideas always trump rules. Think of all the rules of this game as guidelines—a framework upon which to build your great stories and awesome characters. A great idea should trump even a very good rule. Your character isn’t just a collection of numbers and scores in various abilities. Your character is a collection of cool ideas from both the book and your imagination. Hopefully, more so from your imagination than this book. Cool ideas should always beat numerical statistics just like good role-playing should always beat good dice rolling. A master GM will always recognize a cool character concept beats, breaks, and changes the rules. Numbers shouldn’t rule the game—cool ideas should.
The Core Mechanic
Roll 1d20 and if your roll equals or exceeds the challenge number set by the GM you succeed, otherwise you fail. Failing can result in damage or a penalty. Succeeding can result in surviving, or some kind of reward. The GM rolls no dice. If you do nothing on a turn, it may result in a failure. When setting the challenge number, the GM should consider the following points: 10 or higher is a normal challenge, 6 or higher is a ludicrously easy challenge, 15 or higher is a tough challenge, 20 or more is an extreme challenge, and 30 or more is an impossibly difficult challenge.
Because certain powers and skills in the game grant bonuses and penalties to your d20 roll, it is possible to achieve results higher than 20 or lower than 0. If the above paragraph confused you, please see Chapter Seven: The GM’s Section for more rules on Designing and Running challenges.
Part 1.1: Quick Reference of Challenger Rules
(See Chapter Seven: The GM’s Section for more details)
First Level PCs: You start with 10 hp, 5 powers, and 6 skills. Your base overland movement is 3 grid squares, or 30 ft. per round modified by the movement skill.
Every Level: You gain 1 hp and may trade in 1 power you never use with the GM’s permission. (1,000 xp equals 1 level.) You may also use your xp to purchase additional skills and powers for your character using a point-buy system. See: XP Costs for Character Additions in the GM’s Section for more details. Every 5 levels you also receive a special high level power, see Chapter 6: High Level Characters.
Attacking: Attack and Skill rolls are handled with the same core mechanic, so if you miss a target you suffer damage. Essentially your attack roll and your opponent’s attack roll have been combined. If you miss he hits, and if you hit he misses. The max attack bonus you can get is +5. There is no cap for skills or damage.
Multi-Classing: Each extra class you take costs 1 power point. So if you started the game with two classes you would have 4 power points to spend on powers from your two class lists (and any racial power lists). If you take 2 classes which share a Subtype, you don’t pay the power point penalty! (See Chapter Two: Classes for more details).
Saving Throws: A saving throw is a single 1d20 roll with bonuses from any powers, races, or other effects you might have. It is used against any extreme effect which would cause instant death, transformation, or the loss of your mind or body such as: poison, mind control, turning into a frog or death rays. You always get a save against combat damage resulting from another player’s failure of a challenge even if it only reduces the damage on a success. Saving throws can never be made against normal combat damage when you fail a roll against a challenge yourself. 
Your primary skills: Physical Strength, Mental Strength, and Reflexes will grant bonuses on certain kinds of saving throws as appropriate. The maximum saving throw bonus is +5.
Skills: One of the best features of Challenger; you can choose to make up and create all of your own skills if you wish. Skills can even be used to activate player-made powers! For an extensive list of skills to pick and choose from (or use as inspiration when creating your own) and for rules on specific skills, broad skills, and power skills: see Chapter Four: Skills.
Powers and Skills?: The difference between powers and skills is that powers let you dictate how the game will be played, and skills grant bonuses on attempting things. If you have the ‘power’ to breathe water and roll high enough you can breathe water. If you have water breathing ‘skill’ you can try to breath water (The GM sets the RR with a skill, whereas with a power the game rules set the RR). 
GM Rolls No Dice: The players will be rolling all attacks, damage for and against themselves, saving throws and so forth. The GM will still be required to roll occasional hidden checks and random encounter checks him or herself. See page 216 for details on hidden checks. This frees up your time for more important things like the story and role-playing.
Part 1.2: Step-by-Step Character Creation
1. Select 5 powers from your race and classes. Choose your race and/or classes at this time in combination. 
2. Record your classes’ most favorable weapon and armor training entries and your total skill access from all your classes.
3. Record your race’s natural weaponry.
4. Select your 6 starting skills.
5. Buy weapons, armor, and equipment.
6. Roll for Background.
7. Roll Character Traits.
8. Mark down: Saving Throws, Movement, Carrying Capacity, Weaknesses (if any), Character Name, hp, background, personality, and any other notes you deem relevant.
9. You’re done!
Quick-Play Character Creation
Simply choose your race, classes, 5 powers, and 6 skills. Fill out the rest of your character sheet and you’re done in lightning speed and ready for adventure!
Part 1.3: Example Character Sheet

1. Armor rating of 2-4 means when you roll a 2, 3, or 4 naturally on 1d20 your armor has blocked the attack. ‘Naturally’ means the actual result of the die roll before adding in modifiers such as attack bonuses or penalties. See Chapter Five for rules on armor.
2. Hit points measures how much damage a character can take before going unconscious or dying. Most monsters and weapons deal hit point damage. See Chapter Seven for rules on Healing and Combat.
3. Level is a measure of a character’s strength and experience. As you complete adventures you’ll go up levels and get more powerful. See Chapter Seven for rules on experience points and levels.
4. Character is the name of your fictional character.
5. Player is your name so you know whose character sheet it is.
6. The Race of your character is his or her species. You only get one race. See Chapter Three for a list of races.
7. Class or Classes are the professions of your character which give him or her extraordinary abilities in the form of powers. Most often you’ll have two classes because of the Stacking Subtypes rule. Also, most of your powers will probably be from you classes so choose them wisely! See Chapter Two for a list of classes.
8. Initiative is not applicable in this game because all players act before all opponents. If it ever comes up who should go first, you roll Reflex saving throws opposed against everyone else in the contest with the high roller acting first and so forth.
9. Gender is the sex of your character whether male, female, or not applicable.
10. You start the game with 5 powers whether from races or classes. 
11. You get the racial power marked with a ‘0’ for free. You also get any class powers marked with ‘0’ for free as well.
12. Carrying Capacity is a measure of how much weight your character can carry over long distances. Max Lift is how much you can briefly lift over your head. The standard format is Carrying Capacity/Max Lift. See Chapter Five for rules on: carrying capacity, saving throws, and movement.
13. Saving Throws are split into: physical, mental, and reflex depending on the nature of the special attack or circumstances. You use saving throws to get out of the way of extremely harmful effects, mind control, and some monster attacks.
14. Movement is how far your character can move in a 10 second round. It is usually listed as a measurement in squares which are 10 feet each. So a movement of 3 (which is standard for humans) would be 30 ft. per round. By expending your action and move to run you can go up to double this speed tactically or even more if you’re fleeing or sprinting.
15. This is a box for your character symbol or picture. You might want to get a second piece of paper for notes, appearance, personality, background, and a larger area to draw a character portrait. 
16. XP, or experience points, are a measure of your character’s deeds and accomplishments. You get them for saving people, defeating bad guys, and accomplishing significant tasks. When you gain 1,000 experience points you level up. Experience points can also be spent to improve your character in various ways. See Chapter Six for rules on High Level Characters. See Chapter Seventeen for a list of monsters and sample obstacles.
17. Skills are the second most important aspect of your character within the rules next to powers. They can be player-created or from the book and cover a wide range of abilities and talents both outside and within combat. Use skills to detail your character and get anything you want you couldn’t get with your powers. Use skills to build your dream character. See Chapter Four for rules on skills.
18. Equipment is the gear your character brings on adventures. This could be: weapons, armor, magical items, money, tools, supplies, food, or whatever else you think you might need including mounts, pets, and henchmen. See Chapter Five for Equipment, Weapons, and Armor. See Chapter Fourteen for rules on Henchmen, Pets, and Allies.
19. Treasure is a handy box for all the sweet loot your character is bound to pick up including: gold, gems, jewelry, magic items, and so forth. See Chapter Thirteen for a List of Sample Magic Items.
20. Throughout the game you will earn experience points and levels. At the end of an adventure you may spend some or all of your earned experience points to buy upgrades, new powers, better skill ratings, more hit points, or other things to add to your character. This box is to help you keep track of how much you’ve spent and how much you have left over. Never erase you total experience points! See Chapter Six for rules on High Level Characters.
21. Character traits can be found at the end of Chapter Five. They can be chosen or rolled randomly to help you get started thinking about your character’s personality, quirks, and place in the world. They range from aspects of appearance to personality traits.
22. Weaknesses are only applicable if you want them. Taking one weakness affords you one extra starting skill. Further weaknesses don’t give you extra starting skills. The nature of any weaknesses taken should be determined by you and the GM in coordination. 
23. You gain one Background Power which you can roll for at the end of Chapter Five. Use this background power to gain a minor benefit and to further detail your character’s back-story or as a springboard for your imagination.
24. Skill Notes is a box to help you remember your most important skill bonuses and such. For example, if you had the survival skill at +5 a power which gives you +2 survival and a background power of +2 survival you could note on the skill section “+9 Survival” to help you keep track.
25. Combat Notes is a box to help you keep track of your best attacks, weapons, and combat powers. For example, you might have +1 to attack from a power, +1 to attack from natural weapons, a 1d10 damage great sword and the ability to attack three times once per adventure. You could write “Great sword Attack +2 Damage 1d10 and once per adventure 3 attacks”.
26. Social Notes can be used to write down your relations with NPCs or perhaps your best negotiation skill bonus, if any.
27. GP is an abbreviation for gold pieces. Gold coins are the standard currency by which all in-game prices are governed.
Part 1.4: Example of Character Creation
Bob decides to play a Warrior class character and sees that taking two character classes with the same subtype costs nothing so plays a Warrior/Swords Master. He takes the following powers: Two Weapon Fighting: re-roll one attack roll per round up to twice per battle and only miss if you fail this roll as well, Unstoppable Tank: it takes five hits minimum to kill Bob in battle regardless of damage, Favoured Weapon (Sword): +1 attack and +3 damage with a sword, Sword Master: +1 attack and +5 to damage with a sword for one encounter per adventure, and Undeafeatable Sword: Bob cannot be disarmed of his sword and he cannot drop below one hp by being struck by a sword wielding foe.
Bob could have taken powers from his race (human) as well but he’s opted to take them all from his classes instead. He also gets the powers marked with 0 from his classes and race for free. They are:  Heavy Armor Expert: No penalties to movement and physical skill checks from wearing heavy armor, Blade Master: +1 damage with a sword, and Human Versatility: one bonus skill and +4 to any skill.
Bob marks down his armor training, weapon training, skill access, and the descriptions of all his powers. His best armor and weapon training are the following: Heavy Armor: which allows him to wear all armors and Expert Weapon Training: which allows him to use all but Master weapons. His skill access is: Athletics only. This means Bob can only take athletics skills and skills allowable to anyone, but not magic or other specialized skills.
Now that Bob has his five powers, his class and race, and his free powers; he moves on to the Skills chapter. Normally a character starts out with only 6 skills, but Bob’s Human Versatility gives him one extra skill so he now has 7. 
Bob chooses the following skills: Perception, Stealth, Athletics, Smash, Spinning Attack, Climb and Diplomacy.
Bob now calculates his skill bonuses as follows:  Perception +5, Stealth +9, Athletics +0, Smash +5, Spinning Attack -5, Climb +5, and Diplomacy +5. Specific Skills start at +5, Broad Skills at +0, and Powerful Skills at -5.
Next, Bob moves on to the Equipment chapter and buys a sword which deals 1d8 points of damage on a hit and heavy armor which gives him armor 2-4. When Bob wants to attack he rolls 1d20 and adds his attack bonus if any. If he misses he’s hit unless he rolls the exact number of his armor on his dice such as a 2, 3, or 4 for heavy armor. In this case, Bob’s armor has blocked the attack. Bob can’t use a shield or wield a two handed weapon because he wants to use the two weapon fighting power so he buys an extra sword to take advantage of that power.
Bob writes in the combat notes section of his character sheet: Attack +1 Damage 1d8+4 with a sword.
Finally, Bob fills out the character errata on his sheet, writing down his character name, level, appearance, background, personality, saving throws at +0, movement at 3 or 30 ft. per round, carrying capacity of 60/180 lbs., and so forth. Bob’s done!
Part 1.5: Example of Play
Bob decides to go into a dungeon. At the entrance he’s beset by drunken rowdy women. For some reason he gets scared and says, “Um, I have a dentist’s appointment.” He rolls a diplomacy skill check of 1d20+5 from his diplomacy and gets 23 which is enough to defeat an extreme obstacle and easily get by the women (tough obstacle RR 15).
Bob enters a cave which is very dark. He lights a torch and can now see up to 30 ft. or 3 grid squares and dimly to 50 ft. He drops his torch and then trips and falls into a thousand foot chasm! Bob desperately reaches out for passing vine and rolls a Climb check of 1+7. However, a roll of one is always a critical failure. Bob is about to perish so the GM kindly allows a saving throw. Bob’s saving throw modifier for Reflexes is +0 and the GM sets the RR at 10. Bob rolls a 13 and survives. He clutches the vine and climbs out with a roll of 15 (difficult challenge).
Bob spends a quiet moment reviewing his life. That moment is interrupted when an Elf played by Larry runs screaming into the room followed by a tentacled poison beast, two stacks of 5 goblins, and an evil wizard.
“What the--?” says Bob.
Larry the Elf shrugs and the battle begins. Since the players always act first it is determined that Bob will take his turn first this round and Larry second. Once combat order is set it isn’t usually changed, but the GM may allow it under special circumstances. If the players wanted to fight out who goes first they’d both roll reflex saves with the high roller acting first.
Bob attacks a stack of 5 goblins and misses. He re-rolls with his two-weapon fighting and swings his second sword for a roll of 12 on 1d20+1 for a total of 13. The RR of the Goblin stack is 13 so that’s a hit. Bob rolls 1d8 and gets a 4. He adds his +4 bonus to damage for a total of 8. The GM tells Bob it was a mighty blow that downed a couple Goblins but the stack is still up and running with hit points remaining.
Larry’s Elf attacks and hits the goblins as well dealing enough damage to defeat the challenge by equaling or surpassing its hit points.
Next is the results phase. The GM describes what’s going on. If either of the players had taken ineffective actions, no actions, or been severely outnumbered; they would have suffered free hits.
Round two begins and Bob acts again. This time he gets a total of 9 and misses the second goblin stack. Since Bob missed, the Goblins hit! They deal a total of 9 damage to Bob.
Larry misses the evil wizard and triggers an area attack against all players. Whenever you’re subject to combat damage that was the result of another player failing a roll you always get a saving throw so Bob rolls reflexes 12 and takes only ½ damage rounded up from the area attack. Larry automatically takes full damage. Bob drops another 4 hp and would normally be unconscious at negative hp, but because of his unstoppable Tank power he’s still up and running.
On round three Larry twiddles his thumbs and Bob hits the goblins. Since Larry took an ineffective action, the GM has the goblin stack free hit him and knock him unconscious at -7 hp. If Larry isn’t attended to he’ll probably drop to -10 hp and die. Now Bob is severely outnumbered so the poison beast free hits him for 7 damage and poison. Luckily, Bob rolls his physical save barely scraping by with a roll of 10 vs. RR 10 poison.
4th Round: Bob finishes off the goblin stack and is no longer severely outnumbered so there are no free hits against him. He’s dodging around and holding his own against the wizard and poison beast.
5th Round: Bob could help Larry, run away (and take one free hit), attack, use a skill, or take some other action. Bob chooses to attack and misses. He re-rolls at -2 and hits the poison beast. He deals damage just short of killing it, but activates his Sword Master power for +1 attack and +5 damage for one encounter. The GM informs him he can only do this before attacking, but lets him get away with it. The poison beast is now dead.
6th Round: Bob wants to save Larry, but it’s probably safer to attack the wizard instead, or the wizard might get a free hit on him. He rolls a 20 and automatically hits for x2 damage! A natural roll of 20 unmodified on your die is always a hit and deals x2 combat damage. A natural roll of 1, by the same token, is always a miss. This usually applies to skill rolls as well. Bob rolls max damage of 8+9 for a total of 17 and defeats the evil wizard! He then goes over and uses an untrained Heal check on his buddy which is a specific skill at +5, but untrained -5 for a total of +0 to the roll. He rolls a 10 and barely stabilizes his friend at -9 hp, but must take him to a better trained healer outside of the dungeon to fully heal him.
Bob spins his sword around, slings Larry the Elf over his shoulder, and heads out of the dungeon to look for a healer…
Part 1.6: Example of Adventure Design and Group Play
Joe, the GM, is running this game with Sam, Harry, Bob, and Larry as players. Joe tells his players what kinds of characters they are allowed to create and helps them with the process. It is Joe’s job to make sure he knows the rules, keeps the game running smoothly, and to make sure the players are challenged and having fun. It’s also Joe’s job to create the universe and create adventures, but he’s working on that part.
Joe sees that Sam is playing only a single class character of a very weak type and has taken very bad powers and skills. Because it’s the GMs job to balance the players in power, he gives Sam a few sweet magic items to compensate.
Joe created an adventure before the players showed up. As long as the players continue to keep playing the game, Joe can keep creating adventures which together are known as a campaign. This is like a series of books or movies with ongoing stories and main characters (the players). Joe learned how to do all this by reading the entire book and particularly the GM’s Section and Sample Adventure.
Joe’s Adventure is a simple dungeon. A place underground filled with magic, monsters, danger, and unknown treasures. The story of the adventure is the monsters in the dungeon are attacking a nearby village where the players live. The players agree to go on the adventure because Joe promises there is great treasure there. When Joe is a much better GM he’ll let the players decide where to go, who to meet, and what to do. He’ll also learn how to use experience points to make the players play more nobly and that role-playing can be used to replace most dice rolling in the game with fantastic results. For now, Joe is pretty much new to the game and being a GM.
Joe, Sam, Harry, Bob, and Larry find a table, snack foods, lay out character sheets, maps, pencils, scrap paper, weird dice, and have their books handy. This will make the game easier to play than staring at a computer screen or constantly looking up stuff on a phone.
Joe coughs diabolically and starts thusly:
Joe: “Ye have all gathered here today…”
Sam: “What?”
Joe: “Ye. It means sort of old English. This game is set in the past. Like medieval Europe or whatever.”
Harry: “What? Why? I want a laser rifle.”
Bob: “I should be playing WoW. This game sucks.”
Joe: “Do you want to slay monsters and grab treasure, or what?”
All: “Ye!”
Joe: “Okay, the mayor of the village is this super fat guy—”
Sam: “How fat?”
Joe: “Very fat! He says in a western accent ‘please heroes, save our village from the vile beast monsters who’ve been stealing our children.’ His paunch quivers.”
Sam: “Okay, must kill bad guys.”
Larry: “I recruit fifty soldiers.”
Joe: “Okay. You are led by the soldiers into the bush until you come to a cave. The soldiers all scream and run away.”
Sam: At the Soldiers “Noobs!”
Larry: “Draw my death sword and advance.”
Joe: “It’s dark in the cave.”
Harry: “So?”
Joe: “Better light torches.”
Harry: “Whatever. When does this get good?”
Joe: “You light your torch and see about fifty hairy huge ape monsters with glowing purple eyes. The leader says, “Prepare to die, foolish mortals!”
Harry: “Arrrghh! Attack!”
Larry: “Aaaaaahh, run away!”
Sam: At Larry “Nooooob!”
A ton of dice rolling and combat mayhem occurs. There are many casualties, fierce blows, and insane tactics employed. When the dust settles the monsters are retreating and Harry is dead.
Harry: “Dang it.”
Sam: “Raise Dead on Harry.”
Joe: “You don’t have that spell, but you find 50 million gold coins and a ring of three wishes on the beast monsters’ bodies.”
Harry: “Sweet.”
Joe: “You’re dead.”
Harry: “Oh…yeah.”
Sam: “First wish: raise dead on Harry, second wish: sweet magic sword, third wish: turn Larry into a rat because he’s a rat-faced coward.”
Larry: “Hey!”
Joe: “It is done! Up ahead you see some children whimpering and tied to posts. It appears the monsters were about to eat them. 
Larry: “I run in and save them!”
Joe: “You’re back now?”
Larry: “Oh yeah!”
Joe: “Okay, but there’s some poison gas up ahead, you’ll be risking your life.”
Larry: “Um, I put a handkerchief over my face and risk it.”
Harry: “Stupid!”
Sam: “Very Stupid!”
Joe: “You make it in and cut the ropes. You heroically carry the kids out of the cave with ten over each shoulder because of super rat strength.”
Sam: “D-oh.”
Larry: “Super rat strength for the win!”
Joe: “Good job team, Larry you get 2,000 bonus experience points for being heroic and selfless. You weren’t concerned with treasure or killing people but you were concerned with saving the little kids so you get bonus experience points to upgrade your character and go up two levels.”
Sam: “I raise my magic sword at the dungeon. ‘Let’s go see if there are some more kids to save, guys’. I want XP.”
Joe: “I think you’re missing the basic point, Sam.”
Sam: “Caldric raises his glowing sword and the blade sings in the moonlight. ‘I twill avenge mine oath to save little kideth in the name of the great Orion moon thing!”
Joe: “Okay, you’re trying, take 500 experience points.”
Harry: “Man, it was weird being dead, I saw the light, guys. I will now dedicate my life to goodness. Life is too short to waste being greedy. I donate all my money to charity.”
Joe: “Okay, 500 experience points to you too. You’ve all been heroic, lets get on with the monster bashing guys. When I get good at this you can go anywhere, do anything, and meet anyone.”
Harry: “Like Bat Man?”
Joe: “Almost.”
Chapter Two: Classes

Class Rules
You may select 5 powers from your class(s) at first level. If you take any racial powers they count against your 5 power limit as well.
Multi-Classing
You can take (and should take) two or more classes at the cost of 1 power point per additional class taken. Example: if you had two classes you would have 4 power points to spend on your 2 class power lists rather than the usual 5. If you had 3 classes you would have 3 powers to spend on all three in whatever way you wished. (Taking all 3 in one class might not even be a bad strategy because at later levels you can use the advantage of having access to the other class lists).
Part 2.1: Stacking Subtypes “Take 2 Classes for Free!”
See the list of classes below. Each one has a Subtype. If two of the classes you take have the same Subtype, you don’t pay the power point cost! In other words: if you took two Warrior Subtype classes you would still get 5 power points to spend just as if you had only one class, but if you took a third class (even another Warrior Subtype class) you would pay the full 2 power points penalty (for a total of 3 classes and 3 power points to spend on them).
Tips from the Pros: Take two classes! Because of the Stacking Subtypes rule, you pay no penalty for double the versatility.
Spells and Arrows
Unless otherwise noted, all attack spells have a default range of 6 squares, or 60 ft. For the range of non-magical ranged weapons see, Equipment: Weapons. This includes basic ranged and magical attacks.
Numbers before Powers
The numbers listed before powers are for reference only, they do not have any game effect and in no way represent the level needed to attain or ‘buy’ a power. You can take any power at any level unless otherwise listed in that power’s description. Exception: legendary powers and epic powers may only be bought when you gain the appropriate high level powers for them. See Chapter Six: High Level Characters for more details.
Base Classes
There are five base classes in the game: Warrior, Archer, Skills Master, Wizard, and Healer. These five base classes have the most powers in the game. You should check them out carefully. All the other classes are alternate classes and playing any one of them is always at the GM’s discretion. Some games may allow only all humanoid races and only base classes. Check with your GM.
Part 2.2: Class Subtypes
Each of the below entries will explain which classes fall under which subtypes. All class entries are listed in alphabetical order. Remember: you can take two classes but they must be of the same subtype or have the ‘Any’ entry or you pay 1 power point per additional class taken!
Warrior Subtype Classes
Archer, Beast Master, Dragon Slayer, Barbarian, Knife Thrower, Knight, Pirate, Berserker, Swashbuckler, Swords Master, and Warrior.
Magic Subtype Classes
Artificer, Body/Mind Master, Healer, Illusionist, Necromancer, Phase-Shifter, Psionic, Pyromancer, Rune Master, Seer, Shadow Samurai, Shape-Shifter, Telekinetic, Witch, and Wizard.
Stealth Subtype Classes
Assassin, Hunter, Master Thief, Ninja, Skills Master, and Spy.
Any Subtype Classes
Bard, Collector, Diplomat, Henchman, Jack of All Trades, Master Cook, Monster Master, and Seductress.
Part 2.3: Reading a Class Entry
The Class Name will be in bold. Your class name is important. If you have a good GM the class name could even be more important than all your powers!
Class Subtype: is the type of character role this class exemplifies. When you take two classes with the same subtype you don’t pay the power point penalty!
Skill Access: this entry tells you which broad skill (and all skills governed under that broad skill) your character may take in addition to all: general, knowledge, social, primary, and player-created skills in the game. You can only take power skills that mimic powers from your class or ‘fit’ in with the character concept as determined by the GM. I.e. you can take fireball as a Pyromancer, but usually not as a Knight. If you were a Knight and Pyromancer, that’d be a different story altogether.
If you want to take any skills outside your class lists and those everyone has access to, you must check with the GM. Officially it costs double (two skill slots) but your GM might be lenient and let you have it for standard price. Also, you get one ‘magic skill point’ you can use to buy any specific skill you want at standard cost. Use skills to build your dream character!
Weapon Training: gives you access to all weapons of that training level in the equipment section. ‘None’ in an entry means you can’t use weapons. Unarmed damage is 1d4 or as per your race’s natural weaponry. Improvised weapons deal 1d5 damage (roll 1d6 and re-roll all 6’s). Basic training gives you access to all 1d6 damage weapons. Expert training gives you access to all 1d8 damage weapons. Master training gives you access to all 1d10 damage weapons. Magic and Mental attacks are ranged (60 ft.) and bypass most mundane armors. Ranged attacks also have a default range of 60 ft. You can upgrade your weapon training by taking the seventh power in the All Characters class entry available to all characters. You can never have beyond +5 to attack for any reason. Having more than +5 attack can be helpful to harm foes which require +6 or greater to hit or those that give you penalties to attack. Damage has no cap. All characters have access to a basic attack which they can use as much as they want which deals damage according to their weapon or natural weaponry. See power types below.
Armor Training: as above except with armor. The armor training levels are: none from no armor, light armor 2 protection, medium armor 2-3 protection, heavy armor 2-4 protection, magic armor 2-5 protection, and dragon hide the best armor in the universe 2-6 protection. Whenever you roll the number that falls in your protection range on a standard 1d20 attack roll you block the attack of the opponent even if you fail the challenge. Only count the actual number showing on the die for purposes of armor not the total result once you add in bonuses.
Class Powers: this entry lists in bold all the powers you can take (usually for 1 point each unless otherwise noted). The numbers before the powers are for reference only and in no way represent the level you need to attain a power. You can take any power at any level unless otherwise noted or if it’s an epic or legendary power. You use the same power points to buy class powers as race powers so you might want to save one or two to buy racial powers. All powers stack unless otherwise noted or overruled by the GM as the ‘intent of the rules’. You can get legendary and epic powers only through special high level powers. See Chapter Six: High Level Characters for details.
Power Types: all characters have access to a basic attack they can use at will with their basic weapon. This does not require powers to use or have limitations on use. This attack is always made at +0 (or plus any relevant bonuses) and is a melee attack (adjacent targets only). It deals damage equal to your weapon, unarmed damage, or natural weapon (the best you have access to). If you’re a magical character your basic attack is magical and has a default range of 60 ft. It also passes through most mundane armors. If you’re an archer or other ranged specialty character you can use your ranged attacks in melee range (others cannot without taking free attacks against them for using a non-magical ranged attack in melee).
The Power Types are: Once per adventure powers which are useable only once per adventure (or play session if the GM allows), once per encounter powers which are useable in any one ‘scene’ or battle once but are reusable in new ‘scenes’, and regular powers which can be used as much as you want. Some powers have other limitations or bonuses on uses. Most powers can be taken at any level but some have level requirements you must meet before taking that power. Challenger is a dramatic game, not a game of pure realism. This is why power use is based on thematic elements like adventures and battles rather than time elements like days, turns, or hours.
Action: Every turn you can use one full action, one move action, and as many free actions as the GM will allow. In melee combat you can only make a single 10’ move without provoking free attacks against you. There are many action types, but they’re mostly full actions or plain actions. A full action uses up your primary action on a turn as does a basic attack. Plain and Bonus actions are added to the kind of full actions they affect. A Full Round action uses all of your actions on a turn except Free Actions. For example: if you used a full attack action you couldn’t add another full attack or full skill action to it on a turn, but you could add as many Attack and Bonus actions as you wanted to your Full Attack action.
In short: You get one full action, unlimited actions that affect that full action type, unlimited free actions, and one move action unless you used a full round action in which case you only get the full round action and any applicable free actions.
Part 2.4: Action Types
Bonus: stacks with everything applicable. Usually takes no time to use or an unspecified amount of time up to the GM.
Full Attack: stacks with all Attack and Bonus actions and you still get a Move action.
Attack: stacks with all Full Attack and Basic Attack actions.
Full Skill: stacks with all Skill and Bonus actions and you still get a Move action.
Skill: stacks with all Full Skill and Skill Check actions.
Full Magic: stacks with all Magic actions and you still get a Move action.
Magic: stacks with all Full Magic actions.
Magical Attack: as attack except only magical.
Full Magical Attack: as full attack except only magical.
Mental: as magic except only applies to mental keyword actions.
Free Action: useable with all actions.
Free Attack: useable with all actions.
Full Round: this action requires your entire round to use including your move. You can still use Free Actions.
Keyword Descriptions: There are many keywords used in the powers and skills in this game. I’ll try to explain most of them below.
1. Adventure: the complete story designed by the GM and players or in a pre-made adventure. Multiple adventures are known as a campaign. You can keep playing to level 32, or indefinitely if you so wish.
2. Encounter: one ‘scene’ in the story. The GM will tell you when a scene starts and begins if necessary.
3. Battle: as above but a ‘combat’ scene.
4. Free Attack: an attack which doesn’t cost you anything to use on your turn with your regular one attack or action per round.
5. Round: each player gets one action in a round. All the turns for all players and the GM’s final turn to describe any effects he’d like and administer free attacks is called a round.
6. Turn: a turn usually lasts 10 seconds. Everyone gets one action on their turn. Everyone gets a turn in a round. Sometimes the GM will increase the time frame of a turn to encompass massive undertakings or battles but everyone still gets only 1 action per turn.
7. Str: or ‘Str based’ means strength based. This bonus or penalty applies to all skill checks made with the strength descriptor.
8. Mental or ‘mental based’ bonuses or penalties apply to all intelligence based skills or those with the ‘mental’ descriptor.
9. Speed or Reflexes based bonuses or penalties apply to all speed or reflex skills. The terms speed and reflexes are sometimes used interchangeably and should not be confused with movement ratings which are completely different.
10. A. Attack.
11. D. Damage.
12. Base Carrying Capacity: some powers affect base carrying capacity. This is your initial carrying capacity. I.e. powers never affect your carrying capacity at later levels when you improve it through buying skills. Your starting carrying capacity is 60/180 lbs. See page 165 for more details.
All Characters
1 Mounts/Pets: Bonus: You have a mount or a pet which counts as a type I permanent minion henchman. See Chapter Fourteen: Henchmen for more details. At legendary level your pet or mount becomes a type II henchman automatically if it wasn’t already.
2 Henchman: Bonus: You gain a type I henchman according to the rules in Chapter Fourteen: Henchmen. This henchman can be of any sentient race you and the GM determine and will probably require a share of the treasure found on adventures but may also gain xp. At legendary level this henchman becomes type II if it wasn’t already.
3 Magic Item: Bonus: At any even level you may request the GM design a special quest for your character to go on to attain a rare magic item or ingredients to build one. The GM should design the framework for the quest for the next adventure and, if successful, you can claim the magic item. You can suggest what kind of item you seek, but it is up to the GM to determine which item is found. Every character can only go on one magic item quest per level tier (normal, legendary, and epic) and only if they take this power. See Chapter Six: High Level Characters for more info on level tiers. If you fail on your quest, you may try again on another even numbered level (assuming your survived).
4 Attack Bonus: Bonus: You gain +1 to all attacks with your primary weapon only. At each new level tier (legendary and epic) you gain an additional +1 attack for a total of +3 at epic level. You can never get beyond +5 to attack no matter what.
5 Damage Bonus: Bonus: You gain +1 to all damage with your primary weapon only. At each new level tier (legendary and epic) you gain an additional +1 damage for a total of +3 at epic level. 
6 Power Bonus: Bonus: Whenever you make a d20 roll with a power against a single opponent’s RR add +1 to that roll. This only applies to powers unmodified by attack bonuses and which target a single foe’s RR directly. At each new level tier you gain an additional +1 to power checks vs. an opponent’s RR to a maximum of +3 at epic level. You can purchase this power up to two times past the first. Each time add a flat +1 bonus to your checks in addition to your regular bonuses to a maximum of taking this power three times for a total of +5 at epic level. You can never get beyond +5 to a power check no matter what.
7 Armor and Weapon Training: You gain Heavy armor training and Master weapon training when you take this power. You also gain access to the Athletics and Acrobatics skill sets. 
Archer
A hybrid of the Warrior class, you fight at range with a bow, spear, knife, or sling rather than up close and personal. You’d rather shoot your foe with a dozen arrows before he gets close enough to take a swing at you, and you love having other Warriors stand in front of you and soak up the damage. If you like to massacre foes before they even get a chance to hit you, then the Archer class is for you. Combines power with mobility and relative safety from attack and works best with another character to defend you. 
Class Subtype: Warrior
Skill Access: Athletics
Weapon Training: Expert
Armor Training: Light
Archer Powers
0 Precision (Free Power): Bonus: You can make ranged attacks in melee combat. Normally you have to drop your ranged weapon and switch to a melee weapon when that happens. Additionally, you ignore all penalties to attack for cover or concealment when targeting foes with any of your ranged attacks unless it’s total concealment or cover.
1 Double shot: Full Attack: 2 attacks twice per adventure. Only one foe can attack you back even if you fail both rolls. You can stack this power with Multi-shot.
2 Multi-shot: Full Attack: 3 attacks once per adventure. Only one foe can attack you back even if you fail two or more rolls. You can stack this power with Double shot.
3 Hail of Arrows: Full Attack: attack up to five enemies with 1 roll. Only 1 can attack back even if you fail against 2 or more of their RRs. You can use this power twice per adventure. You deal -2 damage (minimum 1) per arrow. You gain no bonuses to attack or damage from any source when you use this power.
4 Precision Strike: Full Attack: +3 attack once per encounter. Deals x2 damage on a hit. Cannot use in conjunction with any other power(s).
5 Deadly Shot: Bonus: deals +1d6 damage on a successfully confirmed hit of your choice once per battle (you must declare before damage is rolled which attack you’re applying deadly shot to).
6 Sniper: Attack: Once per battle when striking from concealment (enemy unaware) you may add +1d6 damage on a hit.
7 Far Shot: Free Attack: In first round of battle gain 1 free attack with no repercussions for failure as long as the opponents are at least 100’ away. You can fire up to 300’ for purposes of this free attack.
8 Mad Archery: Full Round: Roll 1d20 and on an 11-20 up to ten foes within 20 ft. get -1 to their RR for the rest of the battle. This involves shooting them all in the legs and such to slow them down and hamper their attacks. You can use this power only once per battle. If you target 5 or less foes with this attack you may still make a regular attack.
9 Robin Hood Thing: Full Round: Roll 1d20 and add your level. Deal 1 damage each to that many foes within 100’ of you. You can only use this power once per adventure. Magic and other damage bonuses do not apply to these attacks.
10 Perfect Shot: Full Attack: +5 attack and +5 damage with one attack. Useable once per adventure. 
11 I Get Better and Better: Attack: every time you miss a foe gain +2 attack on your next attack against that foe until you hit them. You can use this power as many times as you want, but only during 1 battle per adventure. If you reach +5 attack you may start taking +1 damage bonuses instead, if you wish.
12 Random Arrow: Attack: optionally add 1 extra attack per round. There is a 50% chance (1-10 on 1d20) it hits one of your allies and 50% a foe. Deals full damage to the enemy, but only half regular damage to your ally rounded down.
13 Catch Arrows: Free Action: Once per battle you may negate any ranged attack which would normally hit you on a roll of 11-20 on 1d20. If the attack was a non-magical ranged attack in an area you’re specialized in you may ‘fire it back’ as a basic attack free action.
14 Hunting Expert: Skill: You’re specialized in hunting gaining +5 to all hunting and tracking skill checks and gaining free training in those two skills. You also gain access (but not training in) the stealth skill.
15 Legendary Power “Arc Shot”: Attack: You can fire your ranged weapon at x10 the normal range and gain 2 free attacks before any battle begins if the foes are at long range, 1 if at distant range, and only your normal free attacks (if any) if they’re within short range. Check with your GM for ranges but short is normally 100’, distant 500’ or less, and long: 1,000’ or less.
16 Epic Power “Mad Fire”: Attack: Combine up to three ranged powers into one uber attack which you can use once per adventure. Damage limits are removed and the range of all the attacks (if any) is 1,000’.
Artificer
Artificers are magical characters who specialize in crafting magic items. They can also be non-magical characters who are particularly good at building gadgets or other self-made items. This character’s strength relies on the player’s ingenuity. Play an Artificer if you want to make all your own gear, create sweet magic items, or build an awesome power suit and have loads of sweet gadgets.
Class Subtype: Magic
Skill Access: Magic
Weapon Training: Basic and Magic 1d6
Armor Training: None
Artificer Powers
0 Quick Item (Free Power): Move: Once per adventure you can whip out one minor item with no rolls, no costs, and almost no restrictions apart from the fact it must be reasonable and minor. You can make: potions, scrolls, gadgets, and small mundane items in this way.
1 Artificer: Bonus: You can build magic items with 3 special ingredients. See Chapter Twelve: Magic Item Crafting for more details. You can also brew potions.
2 Minor Item Forging: Bonus: This power allows an Artificer to create any number of small and useful magical items within his budget, resources, and the GM’s allowance. Such items usually grant no more than +3 to a specific roll on one round or have a minor and limited affect (like being able to read Dwarven for 1 hour or curing 1d6 hp).
3 Build Machine/Contraption/Trap: Bonus: With the necessary time and resources you can build any one machine the GM will allow. You can build traps that deal 2d6 damage when sprung in a similar manner (or on the fly if you roll 11-20 on 1d20). You can build up to 3 contraptions/traps/or machines per adventure. Monsters subject to traps automatically take the damage unless they avoid it or roll a save.
4 Item Set: Skill: Detail up to 10 items concealed on your person at all times. They each may have a special, specific, and amazing use. Each item grants +2 to one skill you choose even if you don’t have that skill. You cannot ‘double up’ these items but you can lend them to other people. Alternately, they have 1 function each which can be useful in one situation such as: firecrackers, matches, oil, marbles, universal solvent, super-glue, clocks, spyglasses, or an ultra-powerful miniature electro-magnet. Save: Free Action: Once per adventure per level tier you possess you may ‘use up’ a gadget for the adventure but negate any one free attack which would otherwise have hit you from any difficult or lower rated foe.
5 Gadget: Full Skill: Using next to nothing you make something to solve your predicament 11-20 until you fail at this once at which point you can’t use it for the rest of this adventure. Non-combat only.
6 Power Suit: Bonus: You’ve designed your own suit. It has 12 hp and a power source that if struck is destroyed along with the suit and deals extra damage to you determined by the GM. Only smart foes will target a power source. Deal damage to your suit first. Repairing your suit takes 1 hour per hp and goes only to 6 hp with brief, ad hock repairs. The suit grants 1 power selected by the GM. You give the GM a general idea of what you want, and the GM chooses the power. The suit also grants: +1 A. and +1 D., +2 Strength and grants 2 skills chosen by the GM when worn. It is cumbersome and may have some penalties or sink/is noisy etc. Describe your suit and its powers. Every new level tier your suit adds +1 A. and +1 D. 
7 Structural Engineer: Skill: You gain the following skills with a +2 bonus each: Engineer, Saboteur, Repair, Create, Experiment, Alchemy, and Figure Out How Things Work. You’re a mechanical genius and receive +2 to all rolls to do with mechanical things and the sciences.
8 Legendary Power “Mechanical Fortress”: Bonus: You can build a massive mechanical fortress the size of the average or greater castle in your realm. It is entirely powered by a source of your design with moving doors, servants, and other mechanical and magical wonders. Check with your GM and design your fortress and its servants.
9 Epic Power “Forge Artifact”: Bonus: With 5 special ingredients and many highly difficult forging rolls and quests you may forge an artifact. Artifacts are magic items so powerful that mortals cannot control them. They’re still cool to have around though.
Assassin
Assassins deal high amounts of damage quickly and silently. They excel at attacking single, unsuspecting targets. They are weaker in daylight, without cover, or amid large numbers of foes.
Class Subtype: Stealth
Skill Access: Acrobatics and Stealth
Weapon Training: Expert 
Armor Training: Light 
Assassin Powers
0 Anatomy Knowledge (Free Power): Skill and Attack: Choose 5 races +1 per 5 levels you achieve. You’re very familiar with each of those races receiving +2 to all skill rolls regarding them or against them. You also gain the skills: insight, perception, find weakness, track, and healing which can only be used against those species which are within your knowledge. You deal +1 damage against those races +1 additional damage at Legendary, and again at Epic levels when you achieve them.
1 Lethal Strike: Free Attack: When attacking a single unsuspecting foe of your species roll 1d20 and on an 11-20 deal 2d6 damage. Foe can’t sound alarm and this attack counts as a free action for you. You must spend 3 rounds analyzing the foe before you strike.
2 Deadly Strike: Attack: deal +1d6 damage but take +1d6 damage as well for the battle. For the first round of combat you may make 2 attacks, but only be hit back once.
3 Poison Use: Attack: Any foe you cut is poisoned. GM decides what this means. Poison is RR 16 or death. Poison is very costly and good characters may not be able to use it (or must use a sleeping variety). There is also a 5% chance per use that you accidentally poison yourself (if you roll a 1 on 1d20).
4 Focus: Attack: For each round you remain undetected analyzing a target and lining up your shot you may add +1 to damage when you actually do attack to a max of +5. Increase your damage cap by +5 for each level tier you attain to a maximum of +15 at Epic level.
5 Concealed Weapon: Skill and Attack: You may designate any one weapon concealed on your person. No one can find this weapon unless they roll RR 30 perception or equivalent. For larger weapons this must be the components of the weapon hidden in other objects. Taking all your clothes and gear also takes away your concealed weapon. If you attack someone unaware of this weapon, you receive a +2 to attack and damage with your first attack against that target. You can also conceal other small objects with similar proficiency.
6 Assassin’s Strike: Free Attack: Once per adventure you may attack at any time as a free action with no attacks back on you before any one action declared by anyone else. Every 5 levels you gain 1 extra use of Assassin’s strike to a max of 3 uses at 15th level.
7 Deadly Accuracy: Bonus: You gain +1 to all attack rolls with one category of weapons. Every 10 levels add +1 to your attack rolls with your weapon from this power to a maximum of +3 at 30th level. Deadly Strike: Bonus: Up to three times per adventure when you successfully confirm a hit add +1d6 damage to the blow.
8 Legendary Power “Instant Kill”: Attack: You may use Lethal Strike on any foe you have in your Anatomy Knowledge. Any foe struck with Lethal Strike must roll a physical save RR 10 or die instantly. Most foes don’t get a save but some may roll at a flat +0 and extraordinary opponents may have bonuses to the roll. Your fellow heroes are not affected by this power.
9 Epic Power “Vorpal Blade”: Attack: Whenever you deal damage roll an additional 1d6 and add that to your damage on a hit. If you roll a 6 with this special d6 you cut off the foes head or another limb resulting in massive damage, penalties, and such for that foe. 2d6 bonus damage minimum.
Barbarian
Think the Hulk, barbarians, and really stupid but super strong single-minded automatons. Basically trades brains for strength. If your life’s dream is to smash stuff while yelling loudly, you’ve come to the right place my friend.
Class Subtype: Warrior
Skill Access: Athletics and Acrobatics
Weapon Training: Expert
Armor Training: Heavy
Barbarian Powers
0 Tough as Nails (Free Power): Bonus: You start with +7 hp.
1 Great Strength: Skill and Attack: +2 all strength skills. +1 A. +2 D. with melee weapons from great strength. -2 all mental and social skills. +3 intimidate. Low languages: you cannot read or write: only grunt and speak simply.
2 Tough: Bonus: +7 hp. You can take this power multiple times.
3 Smash Anything: Full Skill: 11-20 until failed to smash something. The GM determines what is breakable, but usually it’s everything.
4 Crush: Free Action: Once per battle smash one foe for +2d6 damage after confirming a melee hit.
5 Huge Muscles: Skill: Add +5 to any strength based skill roll up to three times per adventure in ‘bursts of strength’.
6 Head Butt: Free Action: Whenever you’d be subject to taking damage from an enemy you may instead head butt him and deal 1d6 damage instead of taking any yourself. You can only use this power once per battle.
7 Bellow of Rage: Skill: You gain +5 to all intimidate checks. If you combo this with crushing someone and defeating them you get +7 on that particular intimidation roll.
8 Legendary Power “Thick Skin”: Bonus: You gain +20 hp and haven’t taken any damage until this 20 damage is used up. For instance, if you would normally be poisoned, the poison doesn’t even enter your bloodstream because you haven’t been injured yet.
9 Epic Power “Obliterate”: Bonus: Whenever you confirm a hit you may add any number of your hit points to the damage roll as a bonus. This weakens you but seriously hurts enemies you strike in this way. 
Bard
Bards sing songs and act girly. Thus, they’re kind of useless in a fight, but make good support characters. Kind of half wizard half healer with a bit of skills master and warrior thrown in. If you want to be a super famous rock star in the Middle Ages, but suck at fighting, play a Bard.
Class Subtype: Any
Skill Access: None
Weapon Training: Basic
Armor Training: Light
Bard Powers
0 Lore (Free Power): Skill: Once per adventure ask the GM for any piece of information regarding the adventure that wouldn’t spoil the adventure. The GM should give you elaborate details or allow you to use this power again if none are available. Knowledge: Bonus: Up to three times per adventure add +5 to a knowledge skill check.
1 Songs: Full Skill: This power gives all allies +2 to any one type of roll you choose as long as you continue to sing or play your instrument as a full skill action every round. 
2 Mind Control Music: Full Skill: Roll 1d20 and on 11-20 mind control one difficult or lower rated foe. He may break free at any time as determined by the GM but if you treat him well and don’t make him act against his nature the effect should last for 1 hour x your level or until you cast mind control music on someone else. You can use this power on a mass of foes (up to 100) to pacify them only while you walk by. This counts as a mesmerization effect. Roll as above. The GM determines chances to break free (if any).
3 Destructo Beam Song: Full Attack: You explode nearby things dealing 3d6 damage to all significant nearby objects +1d6 damage per 10 levels you possess to a maximum of +3d6 at 30th level. You can target a single enemy with this effect, but then it’s used up for the rest of the adventure. Basically you can explode glass windows, thin doors, etc. Anyone within 100’ who doesn’t cover their ears takes -2 to all rolls or -2 RR if it is a monster.
4 Spin the Tale: Skill: You know a huge list of songs and tall tales. This gives you +2 to all knowledge skill rolls and also gives you +2 to all social skill checks because you can sing and play instruments so well. Once per adventure you can ask the GM for the ‘lore’ of the adventure and receive some kind of answer from your vast knowledge. Twice per adventure you can ‘know stuff’ of very sensitive natures about any NPCs you happen to use this power upon. You can also once per adventure make up one thing about someone which becomes a widespread rumor.
5 Song Mastery: Full Skill: Up to three times per adventure you can change any group’s reaction to you and your allies by up to one factor through your music. So from kill you to hostile, hostile to unfriendly, unfriendly to neutral, neutral to friendly, and friendly to loves you etc. This may have role-playing benefits and possibly may even save your life. Any foes at ‘kill you insane’ level cannot be affected by this power usually. Ask your GM what the current ‘reaction level’ of any NPC group is.
6 Song of Retreat: Full Round: Taking a full action you slowly fade out of existence and reappear via magical teleport to any location within 100 miles of where you were that you’re familiar with. You can only use this power once per adventure.
7 Spell Song: Full Skill: Once per battle you may add +1 to all your attack rolls in that battle as long as you play music for at least one full round and take no other actions on that round. For each level tier you achieve increase this bonus by +1 to a maximum of +3 at epic level.
8 Blend Music: Skill: Add the effects of any two songs together and use them both on the same round. Alternately, you can use the same song power twice on separate targets. You can only use this power once per adventure per level tier you possess. At level 20 and higher you can blend 3 songs but it uses up all your uses of this power in one go and you can’t use it unless you have all uses available.
9 Legendary Power “Lore Master”: Skill: You know practically everything. You may use your Lore special ability up to three times per adventure and all your allies (including yourself) gain +3 to any knowledge skill checks. You know all languages and can speak and write fluently in them. You also gain +2 to all social skill checks because of your awesome musical abilities. 
10 Epic Power “Impressively Epic Song”: Full Skill: Given 1 round of uninterrupted music time you can cause any 1 effect you desire to come about in your reality through your control over the magic of music. This could be: freezing a waterfall, summoning a deity, charming a princess, disintegrating a locked door, or whichever. You can only attempt one such song per adventure and the GM may limit exactly what effects can be accomplished. This is a good power for when you need a wish spell or your party is extremely stuck. This power deals 3d6 damage +1d6 damage per 15 levels you possess to all foes in an area 20’ in diameter if you target them with it.
Beast Master
Beast Masters are like a cross between Tarzan and Druids. In their favoured environment they’re nearly unstoppable, but in the city or a battle of ‘book lore’ wits they’re uncomfortable at best. Play a Beast Master if you want to smash stuff, swing through the trees, and befriend loads of animals. Heck, maybe even shape change into an animal.
Class Subtype: Warrior
Skill Access: Wilderness, Acrobatics, and Athletics
Weapon Training: Basic
Armor Training: Light
Beast Master Powers
0 Strength of the Apes (Free Power): Skill: You gain +2 to all strength related skills and abilities. 
1 Wilderness Mastery: Skill: +2 to all rolls in the wilderness. -1 in civilization. You can talk with all animals. You gain the following skills all with a +2 bonus useable in the wilderness only: hide, track, find food, and evade dangers in wilderness.
2 Animal Shape Change: Full Round: Choose one animal from the race entry in Chapter Three: Races. You can shape shift into that animal form at will. All your gear shifts with you. 
3 Wrestle: Full Attack: Once per battle add +3 to an unarmed attack roll and on a hit you pin the opponent and deal +1d6 damage. Further, for each round you maintain the pin you can keep rolling attacks and deal cumulatively more damage by +1d6 increments. You can use Wrestle only once per battle and if you fail the initial roll to pin you take x2 damage from the foe.
4 Beast Master: Full Magic: Up to three times per adventure you can summon 1d6 creatures in a wilderness area with a special sub-harmonic call. These creatures have a telepathic link with you and function as obedient type I minion henchmen for the rest of the day. See Chapter Fourteen: Henchmen for details. These creatures usually arrive on scene within a round but it depends on the location. You can use up an extra use of the power to keep previously summoned creatures for an extra day. You cannot use multiple summons at the same time to get more than 1d6 creatures at any time.
5 Animal Messenger: Full Magic: Spending one round you magically increase the intelligence of a small animal. This animal delivers a message of up to 100 words to any ally within 100 miles. You must know the full name of this person.
6 Ride Beasts: Skill: Any large monsters and/or beasts may be ridden by you. Normally you can only ride horses and other domestic animals. You can’t ride sentient or super powerful monsters, but you can ride huge brainless beasts, giant scorpions, and wild tigers. Once per adventure roll a ride check with an RR determined by the GM. If you succeed, you can ride that creature for this encounter. After that, it may break free or become a Type II Henchmen minion under your control, GM’s choice. You can only have one beast under your control at a time, but you can ride another for one encounter per adventure.
7 Tree Swinger: Skill: You gain +5 to tree swinging skill and ignore all difficult terrain in a jungle or woodland wilderness. You also gain +5 wilderness lore and know the ‘lay of the land’ and the ‘dangers of the forest’ etc. Any time you enter a wilderness area, the GM should give you a piece of advice about it.
8 Sniff: Free Action: Twice per adventure in close range you can ‘sniff’ an opponent/anyone and gain insight into their character. This grants you a +3 to all skill and attack rolls against that character for this encounter. Anytime you use perception based on the sense of smell you add +3 to the roll.
9 Resist Elements: Skill: You can survive in just about any natural environment. You can weather storms, walk on ice, swim, run, jump, climb, hunt, track, build shelter, build tools, make fire, and find food and water. You gain +2 to all of these skills. You gain damage reduction 2 against intense heat or cold but it doesn’t allow you to resist attacks (only elemental conditions).
10 Legendary Power “Sinews of Steel”: Skill and Attack: You are so impressively buff you gain +2 to passive seduction checks (you don’t actively roll) and additional +2 to all strength related skills. Once per battle add +2d6 to damage from your awesome strength.
11 Epic Power “King of the Lost Worlds”: Bonus: Whenever you find yourself in a weird alien environment with foes of bestial intelligence you somehow eventually end up to be their ‘king’ or ‘chieftain’. Every 3 adventures you may declare a ‘lost world’ has been found and the GM should design it and implement it into the adventure. This power may give you henchman and followers if the GM allows.
Berserker
Basically, you’re like a really angry psycho. This class is the perfect match for Barbarian, compliments Warrior well, and would make an interesting “Rage” Wizard. When in a berserk rage you fight like a mad barbarian. This could either be a good thing or a bad thing. Play a Berserker if you totally want to flip out on your enemies and destroy them.
Class Subtype: Warrior
Skill Access: Athletics
Weapon Training: Expert
Armor Training: Heavy
Berserker Powers
0 Rage: Bonus: Three times per adventure, you may fly into a berserk rage for the duration of one battle. While in a rage you gain +3 to all damage rolls.
1 Headstrong: Bonus: You are immune to fear and mind control. You have +2 all strength skills and +2 intimidate.
2 Drunken Master: Bonus: Every round you drink booze, increase all your damage rolls by +3 to a max of +15 but take -1 cumulative to everything else except attack. You must role-play lurching, slurring, and being stupid to gain these benefits. The bonuses disappear as soon as you stop drinking for 6 consecutive rounds but the penalties remain for at least 6 hours.
3 Berserk Rage: Bonus: Once per adventure add an additional +1d6 to your rage damage for one battle. Destructive Rage: Bonus: You can break most inanimate objects when you strike them in a rage. The first time someone strikes you when you’re in a rage, you may make a free attack against them with no repercussions for failure.
4 Burst of Strength: Bonus: Once per adventure gain +10 bonus to one strength based roll while in a rage. If you took ½ or more of your hp in damage on the previous round from an enemy and you’re using burst of strength against that enemy you get one extra use of burst of strength this adventure.
5 Go Psycho: Full Attack: Roll an attack vs. everyone within melee range of you. Only one foe may attack back. Anyone struck is knocked back at least 5 feet as long as they took damage. You can use this power once per adventure.
6 Glare: Skill: you gain +3 intimidate and the intimidate skill for free. When in a rage you gain an additional +3 to intimidate as long as you behave fiercely and appear to be winning. 
7 Legendary Power “Undefeatable Rage”: Bonus: When in rage you gain damage reduction 5+ ½ your level. At the end of the battle roll 1d20 and on 10 or lower you drop to 1 hp. Useable once per adventure.
8 Epic Power “Bust Bars”: Skill: Once per adventure you may bend solid steel or perform other feats of stupendous strength. You also receive +2 to all strength based skills.
Body/Mind Master
With incredible control over their minds and bodies, these Zen characters are fonts of wisdom and knowledge, amazing athletes, and can perform almost magical feats of wit and skill. If your idea of a good time is playing a bald guy who can influence reality through his will alone, you’ve come to the right place.
Class Subtype: Magic
Skill Access: None
Weapon Training: Basic
Armor Training: None
Body/Mind Master Powers
0 Iron Will (Free Power): Bonus: You gain +4 to all mental and physical based saves. You are completely immune to pain, fear, mind control, and enchantment by magic.
1 Balance: Skill: You gain +1 to all skills you know from being Zen.
2 Immunity: Bonus: Select one of the following damage types: fire, cold, lightning, swords, arrows, maces, acid, sonic, or as determined by the GM. You gain damage reduction 5+ ½ your level to this form of damage. It lasts for 1 battle per adventure. You can take this power multiple times only if the GM allows.
3 Time Sense: Free Action: 11-20 dodge one attack once per battle.
4 Pressure Point: Attack and Skill: Once per encounter add +3d6 to any unarmed damage roll or heal an ally you can touch a similar amount.
5 Extended Immunity: Bonus: Your immunity (see above) can work for up to three battles or encounters per adventure if the GM deems it is of reasonable power. Foes find out your immunity when they attack. You cannot be immune to ‘unarmed’ or ‘natural’ attacks.
6 Unarmed Fighting: Skill: You gain the unarmed fighting skill at an additional +5 bonus for free. You deal +2 damage unarmed, but not with natural weaponry. I.e. based on your unarmed fighting skill.
7 Dragon Move: Free Action: Once per battle add +5 to attack and deal +1d6 damage if you hit with an unarmed strike.
8 Kung Fu: Attack: Two unarmed attacks twice per adventure. Only one foe can strike back even if you fail both rolls.
8 Legendary Power “Universal Communication”: Bonus: You can talk to: animals, plants, dead people, elementals, speak and write all languages, and talk to most inanimate objects. You can only have 5 such conversations per adventure and the GM role-plays the beings talked to.
9 Epic Power “Universal Transformation”: Full Round: You can turn into one of five forms of reasonable size and power determined by the GM and you when you take this power. Each form has separate characteristics. Detail them.
Collector
Your stats remain the same, but you love and collect a certain set of items whether: butterflies, bottle-caps, junk, enemies’ underwear or teeth, magical items, gold, rare jewels, knowledge, books, or artifacts. Play a Collector if you want to collect stuff. Otherwise, why bother?
Class Subtype: Any
Skill Access: None
Weapon Training: Basic
Armor Training: None
Collector Powers
0 Hunt Down (Free Power): Bonus: Every adventure you can ask the GM for the next location of one of the items in your collection to ‘hunt down’. The trail may be false, but every level you pick up a new trail.
1 Knowledge Your Collection: Skill and Attack: +1 to all attack, damage, and skill rolls when directly going after an item for your ‘collection’ per level tier to a max of +3 to all rolls at epic level. You know practically everything about your collection. Every adventure the GM should try to include at least one thing from your collection you can find/steal/buy.
2 Improvised Item: Bonus: anytime you happen to need something, you have it in your ‘collection’. Useable up to two times per adventure.
3 Happiness: Skill and Attack: when you get an item to add to your collection you temporarily gain +10 hp and +3 to all attack and damage rolls for 3 rounds.
4 Mona Lisa: Bonus: One of your items is worth 1 million gold coins (or another large value at the GM’s discretion) and you have to find some way to sell it if you ever need money. You must also constantly stop people from stealing it or killing you for it.
5 Moping: Free Action: Once per adventure you may skip one battle as you mope. No foe can hit you as long as the GM allows but you can still perform other actions as long as they don’t directly affect the battle. The GM may rule you can do nothing or that moping doesn’t work for any particular battle he sees fit. You cannot take the hit for allies while moping.
6 Anger: Attack: Anytime someone steals one of your items (and doesn’t intend to give it back and cannot be an ally) you gain +7 to all damage rolls for 3 rounds.
7 Search for Items: Skill: You gain the perception skill at +3 for free. This would be a total of +8 at first level.
8 Legendary Power “Complete Collection”: Skill: You complete your collection if you complete the legendary quest. Once this is done you become a professor of sorts. You still hunt for your items but you’re more mature and reasonable. You’re regarded as a high scholar and you gain +2 to all knowledge rolls and +2 to all social rolls from your renown. Once per adventure you may re-roll any knowledge check and take the better result.
9 Epic Power “Final Item”: Bonus: You learn of the whereabouts of a final item for your collection. It is the finest one in the world or the universe. It will take many adventures to complete but when you get it, you get the most awesome artifact version of the item you were looking for.
Diplomat
Excelling at diplomacy or a variant thereof, the diplomat excels at interpersonal relations and “Talking”. Thus, they aren’t as good at fighting or other physical activities. Exception: Warrior Leaders. Play a Diplomat if you want to be able to get your way without even drawing a sword, or if you want to bolster your allies and summon loads of minions to your side.
Class Subtype: Any
Skill Access: None
Weapon Training: Basic
Armor Training: None
Diplomat Powers
0 Smooth it Out (Free Power): Full Skill: Whenever some group wants to kill you, you can instead talk it out. This prevents any one battle from taking place for at least 12 hours unless the GM rules it would be too insane to work for some reason. You can use this power once per adventure.
1 Diplomat: Full Skill: You gain the diplomacy skill for free and +3 to diplomacy rolls. Negate Battle: Full Skill: Up to twice per adventure you may negate a battle that was about to take place if you role-play well. The GM may negate this power or have the battle take place at a later time. Generally, the foes must be semi-reasonable for this to work.
2 Smooth Talker: Skill: +2 to all social skill rolls. 
3 Sweet Gear: Skill: You gain +3 to the Looks skill and +5 to Dancing, Singing, and playing any one musical instrument of your choice. You also get a fancy outfit worth a lot of money (200 gp). If this outfit is ever lost, stolen, or destroyed; you get a new one for free at the earliest opportunity. You can’t sell it to make infinite money.
4 Political Knowledge: Full Skill: Every adventure you may ask the GM up to three obscure questions about politics, royalty, or the secret lives of famous people in the kingdom which the GM must answer truthfully unless it would be ludicrous that your character could know this kind of information.
5 Underworld Connections: Bonus: You gain contacts equal to your level. Contacts are like henchmen who don’t actually work for you, but are just well known and well-connected friends who can hook you up with the right information, gear, and supplies. Detail your contacts.
6 Henchman: Bonus: You get one type I henchman who is loyal to you. At legendary level he becomes a type II henchman if he’s not already and at epic level he becomes a type III henchman if you don’t already have one. Detail your henchman and his personality.
7 Rally Allies: Full Skill: Once per adventure for one full round all allies may re-roll all of their dice rolls one additional time and take the best result of the two. If they already have re-rolls this power does not give them more. You gain one extra use of Rally Allies per level tier to a maximum of three uses at Epic level.
8 Con Artist: Full Skill: Up to ten times per adventure you can make people give you stuff 100 gp or less in value. You can only con each person once. 
9 Legendary Power “Leader”: Bonus: You gain a loyal type I henchman according to the henchmen rules in chapter fourteen. You also gain 10 followers x your level who are enamored of your great leadership abilities. Take +3 to any rolls used to ‘lead’ your men. See Chapter Fourteen: Henchmen for details on henchmen and followers.
10 Epic Power “Battle Cry”: Free Action: Once per adventure for one battle all allies gain +3 attack and all enemies gain -3 RR and skill checks.
Dragon/Anything Slayer
Dragon (anything) Slayers are expert against their chosen foes, but slightly weaker in everything else. If you want to be ‘highly’ specialized at killing something, and suck at everything else; play this class. Come to think of it, who would want to suck at everything else?
Class Subtype: Warrior
Skill Access: Athletics
Weapon Training: Expert
Armor Training: Heavy
Dragon Slayer Powers
0 Skill with the Blade: Attack: You are a master of combat and gain +1 attack and damage with your primary weapon per level tier to a max of +3 attack and damage at epic level.
1 Hunter: Attack: You receive +3 A. and +3 D. vs. your selected foe. This foe must be determined in collaboration with the GM and is generally one monster race. You cannot take humans or any other broad and civilized culture as your foe, nor can you take something like ‘all monsters’ or ‘all evil people’. If the GM specifically allows, you can perhaps take the evil assassin wizards of the land of Knoth or something similar.
2 Tough: Bonus: You receive +5 bonus hp against selected foe and additionally +7 hp permanent.
3 Killing Blow: Free Attack: Whenever you strike your favored foe, deal +2d6 damage and gain an additional free attack which can be used only against another of your favored foes. You can only use this power once per battle per level tier you possess.
4 Knowledge: Skill: You receive +3 to knowledge rolls and skill checks used against your foe. You have a sixth sense about how they think and may ask for 1 free piece of advice concerning your foe every adventure for each level tier you possess to a maximum of three times at epic level.
5 Tank: Bonus: +7 hp and it takes 5 hits to kill you in battle regardless of damage when you face your favored foe in battle (regardless of who attacks you). This power doesn’t stack with unstoppable tank. If any hit deals damage equal to or greater than your total hp, Tank ceases to function for that battle immediately.
6 Additional Foe: Bonus: Each time you take this power add one additional race to be categorized as a favored foe.
7 Doom to Your Enemy’s Allies: Bonus: Select one favored foe, all allies of this foe are subject to your favored foe only powers for up to one battle per adventure. This applies if they fight alongside that foe or if they are generally ‘in league’ with that foe.
8 Legendary Power “Ballistic Charge of Doom”: Free Attack: Once per adventure for one battle every time you drop a favored foe to 0 hp you may charge ahead up to ten feet and attack again. Additionally, whenever you miss a favoured foe you may re-roll if you wish at -2 to attack, but must take the second result even if it’s worse. You cannot use this power with two weapon fighting or to gain more than 10 additional attacks in a battle.
9 Epic Power “Smite of Doom”: Attack: Once per adventure you may add +5 to your attack roll and break the normal rules for max +5 to attack to a maximum of +7 attack but only against your selected foe. If you hit deal an additional +5d6 damage. If you miss a smite of doom you may save it for a future battle this adventure.
Healer
Healers follow the ways of Sileeria, the first Queen of the nation bearing that name. They are dedicated to heal, not harm, and they have many powers which enhance this aim. However, when they come across the forces of evil and death they’re more than happy to bash them senseless, or fry them with awesome magical powers. 
Class Subtype: Magic
Skill Access: Magic
Weapon Training: Basic and Magic 1d6
Armor Training: None
Healer Powers
0 Healing (Free Power): Full Magic: If a character took damage you may, once per battle, attempt to heal that character. Roll 1d20 and on an 11 or higher heal that character 2d6 hp. You may use this power up to ten times per adventure. You must be able to touch someone to heal them. Healing Skill: Bonus: You gain access to, but not training in the healing specific skill.
1 Improved Healing: Skill and Magic: Add +5 to all healing skill checks and all healing rolls as above. If you roll a 20 or higher on a healing power check cure 3d6 hp.
2 Cure Affliction: Full Magic: this power removes curses, poison, and other debilitating effects from a character. Each use, taking 1 round each, cures one affliction.
3 Mass Heal: Full Magic: Once per battle cure 2d6 to all allies within 20 ft.
4 Bonus Healing: Bonus: increase your base healing amount by 1d6. All healing powers are affected by this.
5 True Sight: Bonus: You can see through all illusions, shape changes, and so forth to see a creature in their true form. You must say when you’re activating true sight and you can only do so up to three times per adventure for one round each.
6 Dispel Magic: Full Magic: You can cancel any magical effect for at least 1 hour when you touch it or successfully, or hit it with a magical ranged attack beam. This beam has a range of 60 ft. This power does not necessarily work on powerful enchantments and the GM can lower the duration as he sees fit.
7 Seer: Free Action: You can see into the future. Once per adventure the GM should tell you of one possible future event you have foreseen.
8 Undead Bane: Attack: You can see and aim at all undead within 120’ with your magic and normal attacks. All your attacks deal +2d6 light damage vs. undead. You can also enchant up to ten vials of holy water per adventure which harm the undead and you know most undead weaknesses. 
9 Legendary “Full Heal”: 3 Full Rounds: Any successful heal power use cures all damage, afflictions, cures, poison, disease, and so forth on the character. A full heal takes 3 rounds to perform.
10 Epic Power “Raise Dead”: Full Round: Spending a rare and powerful magical stone (spell ingredient determined by the GM and worth at least 1,000 gold) you attempt to bring a character back to life. Roll 1d20 vs. an RR equal to 5+ the dead character’s level +5 for each previous resurrection. If you succeed the character comes back to life. If not, only a super powerful artifact or higher intervention may save the character. You may use your healing skill check for this roll or take a +5 flat bonus, your choice.
Henchman/Apprentice
Why the heck anyone would want to play a henchman or apprentice instead of a full-fledged character is beyond me. However, someone requested it be put in the game, and so it shall be. The only way I can see this class getting much use is if the GM forces all the players to start with it in a campaign until they ‘get stronger’. Ha ha, like that’ll every happen.
Class Subtype: Any
Skill Access: None
Weapon Training: Basic
Armor Training: None
Apprentice Powers
0 Henchman (Free Power): Bonus: Special: you must take this power to play a henchman. You are someone else’s henchman or pet. If your master dies you lose access to any of your powers with the master keywords until you gain a new master which you can only gain at the end of an adventure. You can only start out with the henchman class and you cannot later multi-class.
0 Weak-Willed: Bonus: all mind control and enchantments automatically work on you. You get no saving throws against anything. You must always obey your master. You must take this power to play a henchman.
1 Monster Bait: Bonus: Whenever you die you may mysteriously come back to life the next encounter at 10 hp as long as your master lives. You can only use this power up to twice per adventure.
2 Heavy Carrier: Bonus: multiply your base carrying capacity by 5 as long as your master lives. 
3 Trap Magnet: Skill: You gain +5 to avoiding but not spotting traps you spring. 
4 Bad Luck: Free Action: Whenever there is a roll to see who has something bad happen to them, it’s automatically you. I’ll Save You!: Move: Once per battle you can automatically jump in the way of any one attack which was about to hit someone if you’re able to do so with your remaining moves. You take no free attacks for doing so.
5 Apprentice: Bonus: Choose one class you’re learning to become when you take this power. You get one power from that class of your choice and you gain the skill access, weapon training, armor training, and subtype of that class. You can take this power multiple times. Each time gain one new power from your chosen class.
6 Student of the Master: Bonus: Every adventure you learn either one power or one skill from your master which your master could potentially train you in to a maximum of 1 power and 1 skill per level tier you possess.
7 Legendary Power “Evade Death”: Bonus: You’ve died so many times you’ve learned the art of avoiding battle. Twice per adventure you may not take part in any of the battle but also cannot be attacked by anyone in the battle either as long as you do absolutely nothing.
8 Epic Power “Matured”: Bonus: You lose the powers Henchman and Weak-Willed but you also lose the power Monster Bait. In exchange, you may take 3 new powers from another class you possess including an epic power, or nine thousand experience points, whichever you’d prefer. You no longer have a master.
Hunter/Tracker
Hunters and Trackers are at home in the bush and specialize in survival, stealth, and knowing their prey. They are similar to the dragon/anything slayer class, but less specialized and more broad. Play a hunter if you like to hunt and track stuff. Sort of like a Ranger. 
Class Subtype: Stealth
Skill Access: Wilderness, Acrobatics, and Stealth
Weapon Training: Expert
Armor Training: Light
Hunter Powers
0 The Hunt (Free Power): Bonus: Whenever you track your prey for more than 1 day you add +1 to all rolls against that prey when you find it. This bonus increases by +1 per level tier to a maximum of +3 at epic level.
1 Tracking: Skill: You gain the tracking skill and take a +3 bonus to it. Hunt Down: Skill: Up to twice per adventure when you find a location some creatures were at within 3 days x your level, you can automatically hunt them down with a single successful tracking roll (RR up to the GM).
2 Survival: Skill: Any time you’re in a harsh environment most other people could not survive, roll 1d20 and on 6-20 you can find enough food and water to survive. For each 3 points by which you beat the RR roll you can provide for one additional person in this harsh environment.
3 Outdoorsman: Skill: In outdoor settings add +3 to all of your skill rolls on the following checks: Tracking, hunting, movement, survival, stealth, wilderness lore, build/find shelter, make tools out of improvised materials, and create fire in dire circumstances like at -90 degrees Celsius without wood.
4 Deadly Hunter: Attack and Skill: You gain +2 attack and +2 damage vs. animals and beast monsters. Additionally you gain +5 to hunting, tracking, and stealth checks vs. animal and beast monster prey.
5 New Quarry: Bonus: add one species to your ‘prey’ every time you take this power. It can be anything you want as long as the GM allows.
6 Archer Power: Bonus: The GM gives you any one archer power from the Archer class. You gain the 0 Archer power Precision for free.
7 Warrior Power: Bonus: The GM gives you any one power from the Warrior class. You gain the 0 Warrior power Heavy Armor Expert for free.
8 Legendary Power “True Huntsmen”: Bonus: Once per adventure declare one target you’re tracking and you’ll automatically find it somehow by the end of the adventure. When you do, you gain +2 attack and +10 damage vs. that target for one battle. The GM may declare some targets off limits for this power.
9 Epic Power “Know the Prey”: Bonus: You are completely immune to one power or ability of anything you’ve hunted. Check with the GM which things you can be immune to. Examples are: dragon fire, the bite of a vampire, or the fireball spell of a wizard. Every level add one new specific power or ability your immune to until the GM determines you have enough immunities or you reach 5.
Illusionist
The mighty Illusionist specializes not in combat magic, but in spells of deception and intrigue. Illusionists tend to be more cunning and subtle than other wizards…or perhaps it only appears to be so.
Class Subtype: Magic
Skill Access: Magic
Weapon Training: Basic and Magic 1d6
Armor Training: None
Illusionist Powers
0 Art of Deception (Free Power): Full Magic: Twice per adventure you may make a d20 roll and on 11-20 convince one target to believe something if only briefly. The deception lasts one or more rounds and can be used to gain surprise attacks and such. Anyone who is familiar with you or knows you’re an illusionist may resist this power if the GM allows.
0 Illusion Concentration: Bonus: You can maintain one or more illusions while concentrating on them. As soon as you lose sight of them or move elsewhere the illusions disappear.
1 Illusions: Full Magic: On 11-20 one creature believes one illusion you create. You have ten uses of this power per adventure. For each additional target to be affected, use up an extra use. Difficult and greater foes or those who are very intelligent may be immune to your illusions or get a saving throw.
2 Massive Illusions: Full Magic: On 11-20 all creatures capable of seeing the illusion believe it unless they are at or beyond Difficult in challenge level or very smart. This illusion can target massive areas. You can only use massive illusions up to twice per adventure.
3 Minor Illusions: Full Magic: 6-20 succeeds. You can use this power as many times as you want until you fail once at it. These must all be minor illusions which would not be questioned.
4 Disguise Self: Skill: Gain +5 to the disguise skill because of your mastery of illusions. Mask of Magic: Full Magic: Once per adventure assume the guise of any person or humanoid creature. You look essentially the same as that person or creature.
5 Permanent Illusion: Bonus: You can make a number of your illusions permanent equal to half your total level. They last until you create a new one over your limit (oldest destroyed first), dispelled, or negated by you. You cannot make massive illusions permanent, nor can you make illusions on other people permanent.
6 Legendary Power “Man of Many Faces”: Magic: You can cast up to two illusion powers per round or at the same time once per encounter.
7 Epic Power “Phantom of Death”: Full Magic: Once per adventure you create such a fearsome illusion in a creature’s mind that it dies instantly. If it has a rating of difficult or higher or if it’s very intelligent it may get a saving throw or be immune to this power.
Jack of All Trades
You become weak in your main skills and powers, but strong in a very broad range of skills and abilities. Your motto is “I can do anything…if not very well.” Play a Jack of All Trades if you want to have a huge range of skills and powers but not necessarily be a master of any; or if you just have no clue which class to play.
Class Subtype: Any
Skill Access: None
Weapon Training: Basic
Armor Training: Light
Jack of All Trades Powers
0 Skill Bonus (Free Power): Bonus: You gain training in 3 additional skills at the start of the game. They each must be mundane in nature and none of them can be power skills. This represents your training in a myriad of common skills.
1 Use of All Skills: Skill: you ignore the -5 untrained penalty for using a specific skill. To advance a skill further you must still buy it as normal. This doesn’t ignore the penalties to broad skills or power skills.
2 Ability to ‘attempt’ any power: Skill: Once per adventure you may attempt any one power a fellow PC has as an untrained power skill at -5. If you use it enough, the GM may eventually allow you to buy it as a power if he wishes.
3 Knowledge: Skill: +1 to all skills you have. You can train in any skill the GM allows as if you had skill access to all skills. Some skills may be off limits to you if the GM says so.
4 Picked Up: Bonus: The GM chooses any two powers he wants from the game and gives them to your character. You may suggest which powers you’d like, but it’s up to the GM to decide which ones you get.
5 Extensive Knowledge: Skill: You gain +3 to all knowledge skill rolls. Up to three times per adventure you may ask the GM a question about anything and get an answer. If the answer isn’t interesting you don’t use up a use of this power. The GM determines what a useful, interesting answer is.
6 Legendary Power “Master of All Skills”: Skill: The GM chooses one skill from each of your allies up to 5 and gives it to your character. It cannot be the character’s best skill as determined by the player. Whenever you attempt one of these skills there is a 1 in 6 chance you mess it up disastrously. You do not receive any bonuses to the skills, only training in them.
7 Epic Power “Borrowed Tricks”: Bonus: The GM chooses one power from each of your allies up to 5 and gives it to your character. It cannot be an epic or legendary power. Whenever you attempt a borrowed trick there is a 50% chance you mess it up disastrously.
Knife Thrower
This class is very similar to the Swords Master. Whereas a Swords Master or Axe Specialist specializes in a melee weapon, you specialize in a ranged weapon. If you want to be: master of the bow, an epic dart thrower, or the best knife thrower ever; you’ve come to the right place.
Class Subtype: Warrior
Skill Access: Athletics
Weapon Training: Expert 
Armor Training: Light
Knife Thrower Powers
0 Precision (Free Power): Attack: You can fire your ranged weapon in melee combat when you would otherwise have to switch to a melee weapon. You ignore all penalties for cover and concealment when targeting such foes with your non-magical ranged attacks unless it’s total cover or concealment.
1 Knife Master: Attack: +1 A. +1 D. with a knife. Conceal knives: Skill and Attack: +4 to the conceal knives skill and you get this skill for free. Long range throw: add 100’ to your range. Knife Master: You gain master weapon training with knives.
2 Catch Knives: Free Action: You can catch any ranged weapon fired at you until you roll a 1-5 on 1d20. If it’s a knife you can throw it back at the attacker as a free attack with no penalty for failure.
3 Multi-Throw: Full Attack: Twice per adventure, throw up to three knives with only one attack back on you.
4 Aim for the Eyes: Attack: Once per encounter if you hit deal +2d6 damage after confirming the hit.
5 Wall of Steel: Free Action: Once per adventure roll 1d20 and on an 11-20 block all attacks which would otherwise hit you on that round. Your flashing blades hack apart any small objects which would have otherwise hit you.
6 Legendary Power “Torrent of Steel”: Full Attack: Everyone in a 5’ path 20’ long takes 2d6 damage from your slew of ranged fire. If it’s not easily apparent how many people that is, this power effects 5 foes. Only one foe may attack back. This is a once per adventure power.
7 Epic Power “Defensive Throw”: Free Action: You gain 3 bonus uses of the Multi-Throw power which you can trigger at any time as free actions with no attacks back on you. You can even use them all at the same time or in addition to another action. You can sacrifice multi-throws to block 5 damage you would otherwise receive for each one sacrificed. You could attack 9 times with no attacks back on you if you used them all at the same time.
Knight
From the Mighty Champion to the Noble Knight, from the tactical Battle Master to the Amazon Princess; Knights define themselves by a code of conduct, honor, and the way of the sword. They’re tough, strong, and hit hard. They’re not so great in battles of wits, riddles, and against magic. If you want to protect your allies, rescue fair damsels, and be a great warrior; this may be the class for you.
Class Subtype: Warrior
Skill Access: Athletics
Weapon Training: Expert
Armor Training: Heavy
Knight Champion Powers
0 Code of Chivalry (Free Power): Bonus: You are bound by a code of chivalry and must obey it at all times or lose access to all your powers until you once again ‘prove yourself worthy’. Because of your strong will, you gain +2 to all mental saves and are immune to fear.
1 Heavy Armor: Bonus: +7 hp. You can take this power multiple times. You ignore penalties to skills and movement while wearing armor.
2 Shield: Bonus: Whenever you wear a shield you gain +7 hp. You can attempt to block with a shield up to twice per battle instead of only once.
3 Swordsman: Attack: +1 A. and +3 D. with a sword/your favoured weapon.
4 Hold Ground: Free Action: You cannot be disarmed, conned, or distracted. When you set your stance no one can move you (except maybe a dragon). You can protect 1 ally per adventure for 1 battle, taking all the hits for them. 
5 All Weapons: Bonus: You are trained in the use of all weapons and armor including master weapons and gain +1 attack with all weapons. Every level tier this bonus increases by +1 to a maximum of +3 at epic level.
6 Battlefield Bonus: Attack and Skill: In a large battle you gain +1 to all related rolls (attack rolls and skill checks), huge battle +2 and a war +3.
7 Rallying Cry: Skill: All of your allies are immune to fear, you gain +5 to intimidate and rallying skill checks up to twice per adventure when you use this ability.
8 Advanced Mounted Combat: Attack: +1 A. and +5 D. when mounted. This stacks with regular mounted combat if you have that power as well.
9 Warrior Skills: Bonus: Take 2 warrior powers. Useable only once. These must be rolled randomly or selected by the GM. You cannot trade them in as you would normal powers. If you trade in this power you lose both of these bonus powers. If you select the powers, the GM limits which ones you can take.
10 Two Weapon Fighting: Full Attack: Twice per battle if you miss a challenge immediately re-roll 1 time with a -2 penalty, only fail if you miss this roll as well. You cannot use a shield if you wield two weapons.
11 Unstoppable Charge: Attack: Attack up to 3 foes in a row as long as you keep hitting. Only 1 can attack back. Useable once per encounter.
12 Mounted Combat: Attack: +2 attack and +2 damage when mounted.
13 Legendary Power “Tactics”: Attack: All allies receive +2 to all attack rolls including yourself for one battle per adventure. This bonus can exceed the normal max +5 to attack roll rule but only to a max of +7 to attack for this battle only.
14 Epic Power “Save Damsel”: Free Action: Once per adventure you may activate a heroic mode where you gain +20 temporary hp that disappears at the end of the battle/encounter. You may use unstoppable charge on up to 6 foes each time during the battle and deal +2d6 damage on any hits against those who stand in your way of rescuing the damsel.
Master Cook
Such characters are defined by their non-adventuring job more than their class. They are experts in their field and love adventuring for new recipes, teas, or whichever. 
The Alternative is that their pursuits are almost magical in nature, if not actually so. Magical teas become almost like potions, magic foods boost morale, heal, and convince good leaders to help and bad ones not to kill you or even to turn good.
Class Subtype: Any
Skill Access: None
Weapon Training: Basic
Armor Training: None
Master Cook Powers
0 Cook (Free Power): Skill: You gain the cooking skill for free at +5 and may use it to create teas as well. You also gain the forging skill for free.
1 Brew Potion: Bonus: See Chapter Twelve: Magic Item Crafting for details.
2 Buff Food: Full Magic: Eating your food gives a character a +3 bonus to their next roll of one type you specify. It cannot be used to grant over +5 to an attack roll, however. Alternately, this food gives +1 to anything the GM allows for one hour to one character who eats it. You can only have a number of buff effects in play equal to your level. Each character can only be affected by up to one buff food at a time.
3 Poison and Herb Lore: Full Skill: You know what rare herbs do. You can make a herb lore knowledge (specific skill) check in place of a healing or magic forging check to accomplish something or create a poison. Poisons kill/knock unconscious unless the target makes a saving throw. Every time you poison something there is a 5% chance you accidentally poison yourself. RR 16 vs. death or unconsciousness is standard for most poisons.
4 Mind Control Food: Full Magic: Anyone who eats your dish falls under your control unless they are a difficult or greater foe or important character. Important characters usually get a saving throw. This will make the target your friend, but you can’t tell them to do things against their nature. You can only have one subject under your control per level tier to a max of 3 at epic level. Old mind controlled targets are removed first when you get new ones. Over long periods of time some foes may escape your power.
5 Tea of Strength: Full Magic: This magical tea gives the drinker incredible strength for the next encounter granting +2 to all str related rolls including melee combat and damage. Up to 5 characters may drink the tea and it may only be brewed once per adventure and with 1 special ingredient determined by the GM.
6 Tea of Magic: Full Magic: With one special ingredient you brew a rare magical tea. Whoever drinks it receives a random magical boon you don’t know the nature of. The GM will tell you what effect the magic tea has.
7 Legendary Power “Banquet of Nations”: Bonus: Given 1 hour of preparation time you create a massive banquet. Anyone who eats of this massive banquet is cured of all ailments, magical curses, and returns to max hp. Additionally, anyone who takes part in the feast regards the other feasters as good friends and is particularly helpful to you during the course of the feast. People know if they eat of the feast this will happen but it’s tough to resist the delicacies. Only difficult or greater foes may make a save RR 10 to not eat the feast if they are near it. This feast improves all reactions by 2 factors. So hostile to friendly and so forth. Anyone at insanely hostile is not affected.
8 Epic Power “Cosmic Pickle Soup”: Bonus: You create such a powerful concoction with 2 extremely rare and special ingredients that it actually affects the fabric of space and time. While the soup is active for 1 day you may travel through time and dimensions by touching the soup and possibly take on god-like powers if you drink of it (10 servings max per cosmic soup). The GM will determine all effects of time and dimension travel and the god-like powers temporarily granted. Treat this soup as a major artifact. It’s unpredictable but very powerful.
Master Thief
Trades combat ability, physical strength, and magic for the pure ability to swipe stuff and pull off crazy stunts. Play a Master Thief if, well, you want to be a master of thievery.
Class Subtype: Stealth
Skill Access: Thievery, Stealth, and Acrobatics
Weapon Training: Basic
Armor Training: Light
Master Thief Powers
0 Thievery (Free Power): Skill: You gain the Thievery broad skill for free. 
0 Valuables Sense (Free Power): Free Action: As a free action once per encounter you may roll a perception check to appraise the value of the best nearby items you could potentially steal.
1 Steal: Skill: You gain +3 to the steal skill and may make a steal check to steal even large objects held by enemies (normally you can only steal small things) if the foe is unaware of you at the time. Quick Steal: Free Action: Once per encounter you may make a steal skill attempt for free in addition to your regular actions.
2 Escape Anything: Full Skill: You gain +3 to the escape artist skill and take that skill for free. Escape Anything: Full Skill: Up to twice per adventure you can escape any imprisonment such as rope bonds, being thrown in dungeon, etc. If a foe takes your hidden lock pick/dagger away you lose this power.
3 Amazing Stunt: Move Skill: Once per encounter declare an amazing stunt and add +5 to any acrobatics roll before rolling the dice.
4 Trap Sense: Bonus: You roll perception checks to find traps and secret doors even when not actively searching for them. Normally you just take 0 + your perception for passive checks. Up to three times per adventure you may re-roll any attempt to spot/find/or disable something.
5 Danger Sense: Bonus: Up to three times per adventure you may re-roll any saving throw (once per save) and take the better result of the two. The GM should also occasionally inform you when your ‘danger sense’ is blaring before something bad happens.
6 Concealment: Skill: You can hide a small object on your person roughly the size of a dagger or set of lock picking tools. These items cannot normally be spotted on your person. If a check is made you roll opposed at +5 conceal an item skill.
7 Slick as Butter: Move: Once per adventure per level tier (max 3 times at epic level) roll 1d20 and on an 11 or higher you may run away for free with your loot. Anyone may pursue you as normal but you’re considered ‘out of sight’ on the original sprint using this power so you can make a stealth check to hide as usual or employ other powers with your head start. You take no free attacks for running away when you use this power.
8 Break In: Full Skill: Up to twice per adventure re-roll a skill check to break into somewhere or something. The second roll receives a +5 circumstantial bonus as you curse and kick the thing you’re trying to break into.
9 Legendary Power “Ghost”: Bonus: Once per adventure for one encounter you become essentially invisible gaining +3 to all stealth, stealing, and related rolls. This is a non-magical special ability. While in Ghost deal +2d6 damage to anyone who can’t sense you which will probably be everyone.
10 Legendary Power “Thief Master”: Skill: You may re-roll any thievery skill twice and take the better result once per adventure per level tier to a max of 3 times at epic level.
11 Epic Power “Steal All”: Bonus: Once per adventure roll a normal steal check and on a 30 or higher you may steal absolutely everything within 30 ft. of your character which isn’t nailed to the floor (this includes the nails). This also includes all the gear people are wearing. If there is an extremely large amount of items, this may take several rounds to complete. Your speed at gathering loot is considered to be x10 that of a normal human for the purposes and duration of this power. Difficult and greater foes may resist the stealing of all but one of their items. Extreme or greater foes are probably immune.
Monster Master
Usually a monster himself, the monster master has a knack for befriending or controlling monsters. He also has a knack for offending/fighting humans and other ‘traditional’ good guys. Play a Monster Master if you want to be a creepy weird dude, get along well with monsters, of if you just want to play a really odd-ball character.
Class Subtype: Any
Skill Access: None
Weapon Training: Basic
Armor Training: Light
Monster Master Powers
0 Monster Affinity (Free Power): Skill: Special: you must take this power to play this class. You gain +2 to all social based skill checks when dealing with non-humanoid or uncivilized creatures but -2 to all social based checks when dealing with civilized humanoid creatures.
1 Monster Subtype: Bonus: You may take 2 additional power points to spend on your Racial Powers. You can only take this power once. You look more bestial and monstrous than the norm for your species.
2 Befriend Monsters: Full Skill: Once per encounter roll 1d20 and on an 11 or higher you’ve established a rapport with a number of nearby monsters equal to your level or less of the same type. These monsters will tend to attack you last in battle and regard you more peacefully than normal. If you role-play well, they may accompany you as allies or henchmen. See Chapter Fourteen: Henchmen for more details. 
3 Special Rapport: Bonus: Name one kind of monster which the GM allows. This kind of monster regards you as one of them or at least a kindred spirit. This makes it much easier for you to communicate with them or be welcomed into their culture. You know this monster’s language and customs. You gain +3 to social skill rolls used specifically with this kind of monster.
4 Monster Henchman: Bonus: You gain a Type I Minion Henchman monster of a type agreeable both to you and the GM. Every level tier this henchman advances to the next better tier to a maximum of Type III at Epic level. If you take the “Beast Rider” epic power and apply it to your henchman instead of taking an additional henchman mount, you may instead add 4 powers or skills determined by you and the GM in coordination to your existing henchman over the course of the next 4 adventures.
5 Monster Tongue: Bonus: You know all monster languages.
6 Monster Master: Full Magic: Up to three times per adventure you can summon 1d6 creatures in a wilderness area with a special sub-harmonic call. These creatures have a telepathic link with you and function as obedient type I minion henchmen for the rest of the day. See Chapter Fourteen: Henchmen for details. These creatures usually arrive on scene within a round but it depends on the location. You can use up an extra use of the power to keep previously summoned creatures for an extra day. You cannot use multiple uses of this power to summon more than 1d6 creatures at any time.
7 Singular Monster: Full Magic: Once per adventure roll 1d20 and on an 11 or higher you control a powerful nearby monster within 40 ft. for a duration determined by the GM. This monster might be a mount, powerful ally, or simply not kill you depending on the circumstances.
8 Legendary Power “Monster Abilities”: Bonus: The GM chooses the 3 types of monsters you’ve been most friendly with and gives you 1 power or ability from each creature to add to your character. If the race has a listing in the race chapter the GM can choose one of that creature’s racial powers to give you, otherwise the GM should make something up.
9 Epic Power “Beast Rider”: Bonus: You gain a type III henchman mount and the ride skill for free at +5. Additionally, your mount gains 2 bonus free powers or skills in addition to those normally gained by a henchman of its type. You can telepathically communicate with your mount. See Chapter Fourteen for rules on henchmen.
Necromancer
Practitioners of the black arts, Necromancers are frowned upon in polite society. Most Necromancers are evil but there are a rare few who resist the temptation to fall into darkness and use the black magic solely for the purposes of good and light. These fine people tend to be quite strange and often mad. Necromancers are often loners shunned by society, outcasts, social misfits, and mad sorcerers. It takes a special kind of person to prefer the company of the dead to the living. Others simply love inspiring fear, awe, and commanding the respect of the living with their fell sorcery.
If the GM or players don’t like Necromancers, you can remodel the class to Robotics Engineer or Golem Creator etc. to suit your tastes.
Class Subtype: Magic
Skill Access: Magic
Weapon Training: Basic and Magic 1d6 
Armor Training: Light
0 Speak With Dead (Free Power): Skill: You can speak with anyone who’s dead if you find their body relatively intact. You can always have at least one undead under your command if there are dead people around.
1 Raise Dead: Bonus: Every time you take this power add 5 to the limit of type I minion undead henchmen you can have. They’re probably zombies and skeletons. At Legendary level 5 of these minions may upgrade to type II, but only 5 no matter how many times you’ve taken this power. At epic level you receive one intelligent type III minion henchman lieutenant undead. It’s so powerful and intelligent it may even have other undead under its control. See Chapter Fourteen for rules on henchmen. Your henchmen are undyingly loyal. Raising new minions usually takes 2 rounds per minion. Undead who die in undead form cannot be raised again by raise dead.
2 Banish/Control Undead: Full Magic: Roll 1d20 against all the RRs of undead near you. If you hit any, you may destroy/gain control of 1d6 + your level of them provided you have enough ‘space’ in your henchmen to take control of them. Very Difficult and greater undead may resist this effect.
3 New Allies: Bonus: Once per adventure for one encounter anyone killed/dead around you falls under your control if you have space in your henchmen’s ranks. Question Dead: Bonus: Up to three times per adventure you may ask 3 questions of any dead character. They must answer truthfully or suffer great pain. If they answer you must release them back to death and cannot question them again. Quick Animation: Bonus: It takes only 1 round per creature for you to raise dead if you have that power.
4 Lieutenant: Bonus: Designate one of your undead henchmen to be a lieutenant. This undead is always one category tougher than all the others to a maximum of type III. This henchman is not categorized as a minion and always starts out with +2 bonus starting skills or powers determined by the GM. This lieutenant replaces your one from Raise Dead if you have that power as well.
5 Aura of Fear: Full Magic: Roll 1d20 and add your level to the roll. The RR is equal to the toughest foe to be affected within 40 ft. of you + the number of foes to be affected. If you succeed they are affected by magical fear and flee from you if able. If they’re forced to fight all their RRs are at -2. You can use this power once per adventure per level tier to a max of 3 times at epic level. Very Difficult or greater foes are immune to this power.
6 Drain Life: Magical Attack: Roll a normal magical attack and if you hit deal an additional +2d6 damage. Whatever you rolled for additional damage you also heal as well. You can only use this power once per battle.
7 Unkillable Undead: Bonus: You can give your minor undead minions (skeletons/zombies) extra lives. They gain 1 extra life per henchman slot you devote to them from the Raise Dead power. Whey they die they come back to life on the next round (using up that round to stand up and reanimate). Normally it takes complex spells and preparations to raise dead and once they’re killed they can’t come back to life again.
8 Legendary Power “Permanent Guards”: Bonus: You may station a number of undead equal to your level x10 who remain until you go over your limit at which point the older undead wander off first. Powerful undead use up extra slots equal to their level x5.
9 Epic Power “Summon the Hoards”: Bonus: Once per adventure you have no maximum limit of undead henchmen for 1 battle. You can only control up to 5,000 undead effectively though. After the battle they roam the countryside of their own volition.
Ninja
Ninjas operate best in the dark and with surprise, but they’re formidable in a stand-up fight as well. They excel against less skilled martial classes and smaller numbers of foes, but have trouble against magic, massed monsters, and skilled warriors they can’t jump away from or behind of. Play a ninja. No, that’s just it. Ninjas are awesome.
Class Subtype: Stealth
Skill Access: Acrobatics and Stealth
Weapon Training: Expert
Armor Training: Light
Ninja Powers
0 Skill of the Ninja (Free Power): Bonus: You gain the acrobatics (broad) and stealth (specific) skills for free.
1 Amazing Jump: Skill: You gain the Jump skill for free with a starting bonus of +10 in addition to the normal +5 for a specific skill for a total of +15. You Climb at double speed and gain +5 to Climb rolls. You gain +2 to all Stealth rolls.
2 Shurikens: Free Attack: Once per battle throw shurikens or a chakra at one foe. This is a free bonus attack for you. (No one may attack you back, etc). These weapons deal 1d6 damage.
3 Speed Strike: Free Attack: When attacking with surprise gain 1 extra attack free with your curved ninja sword. (No one may attack you back when you use this free attack). Ninja swords deal 1d8 damage.
4 Lethal Blade: Once per adventure per level tier gain +4 to damage for the first round of any one battle and keep attacking on that round until you miss one foe. Ninja Skills: You gain +3 to all acrobatics skill checks and +5 to unarmed fighting.
5 Finishing Move: Attack: Once per encounter you may deal +2d6 damage after confirming any hit and if this blow defeats your enemy you are immune to all melee free attacks from being outmanned for this round.
6 Cobra Strike: Free Attack: Once per encounter you may make a free attack with no penalty for failure at any time during any player or character’s turn directly before whatever action they just declared was to take place. This attack deals only 1d8 damage plus any magical/circumstantial bonuses.
7 Spinning Steel Hailstorm of Doom: Full Attack: Deal 1d6 damage to all foes next to you. You may also make a number of free attacks vs. one foe (no attacks back on you) equal to 2 + your current level tier to a max of 4 attacks at epic level. You can only use this power once per adventure.
8 Dodge: Free Action: Roll 1d20 and on an 11 or higher dodge any one attack which was about to hit you. You can only use this power once per battle.
9 Legendary Power “Deadly Ninja”: Bonus: Gain +1 attack and +2 damage with all weapons. Sure Strike: Full Attack: Once per battle gain +5 to one attack roll.
10 Epic Power “Master of Kung Fu”: Attack: Once per battle you may trade in your regular unarmed attack damage to disarm a foe and steal his weapon, break any one object carried by a foe, or hurl your opponent 60 ft. in any direction as long as he’s your size or lower.
Phase Shifter
You can teleport at will over short distances. You are considerably weaker in all other regards. Playing a Phase Shifter gives you a tremendous amount of options as a player. 
Class Subtype: Magic
Skill Access: None
Weapon Training: Basic
Armor Training: None
Phase Shifter Powers
0 Phase-Shift: Magical Move: You can teleport at will in short hops of approximately 50 ft. or 5 squares each. This affords you no attack, movement, tactical, dodge, or special bonuses or abilities whatsoever. You cannot phase out of solid objects attached to you or teleport through any solid matter or into the air. This is simply a flavor ability which may grant you possible circumstantial bonuses or the ability to get past certain obstacles. You can only teleport once per round and if you move a second time it is only 1 square or 10 ft.
1 Phase Out: Magical Move: You can dodge attacks directed at you with uncanny proficiency by phasing out and reappearing nearby. On a roll of 11-20 you dodge a single attack against you. You can keep using this power until you fail at it once per battle.
2 Battle Teleport: Magical Move: You are proficient at using teleportation safely in battle situations. This allows you to get the edge on opponents and gives you +1 attack and +3 damage while constantly teleporting in battle.
3 Travel Teleport: Full Round: You can now teleport twice per round and each teleport is at 60 ft. range instead of 50 ft. This essentially gives you movement 12 and would allow you to make a 60 ft. teleport and a 30 ft. standard move on a round. If you use only one teleport it counts as a Magical Move instead of a Full Round action.
4 Aerial Teleport: Magical Move: Once per encounter you may teleport in any direction instead of just along the ground. Once per adventure using extreme endurance you may do a series of such teleports the number of which is up to the GM. This would allow you to climb mountains, scale walls, teleport through walls and ceilings, or temporarily fly through the air outside of battle. Using Aerial Teleport in this way takes all of your stamina and concentration so you can’t fight while using the extended version. Essentially, it counts as a Full Round action.
5 Sure Teleport: Full Round: You must have Aerial Teleport to take this power. You are so skilled at teleporting you can attempt to teleport through solid objects. Every time you do so there is a 1-5 on 1d20 chance you get caught in a solid object and die or suffer consequences up to the GM in nature. If you don’t know what you’re teleporting through, you must guess how far to teleport through it and hope there is nothing there. Misjudging the distance automatically kills or harms you. 
6 Teleport Enemy: Full Round: You can teleport enemies with you or teleport weapons into them when you make a standard attack and hit. This may sometimes grant you bonuses determined by the GM. If you fly directly up into the sky you must succeed at a new roll each round to maintain the hold and each Full Round Teleporting into the sky will deal +1d6 damage to the enemy on a fall. Dumping enemies into magma pits may do severe damage to them.
8 Teleport Ally: Full Round: This power functions identically to Teleport Enemy above but can be used to safely transport one ally you’re touching +1 ally per level tier you possess to a maximum of 3 at epic level. Once per adventure you can teleport up to 6 allies touching you.
9 Combat Teleport: Bonus: You must have Sure Teleport to take this power. All of your uses of Battle Teleport and Phase-Shift are considered Bonus powers and not Magical Moves allowing you to use them both at the same time and also in combination with other powers, moves, and attacks. This doesn’t increase your movement or teleportation abilities, it just allows you to split your teleports up and use multiple forms of them as well as a standard action.
10 Legendary Power “Far Teleport”: Full Round: Once per adventure you can teleport anywhere you can clearly remember in your dimension. If you have Teleport Ally you can bring along up to 6 companions that are touching you with this teleport if you use up that once per adventure ability also.
11 Epic Power “Infallible Teleport”: Bonus: As long as you know what you’re teleporting through and how deep or far it is, there is no chance of being stuck in a solid object when you teleport through it.
Pirate
You are a man of the sea. You gamble, drink, steal, flirt, and pilfer like there’s no tomorrow. Your favorite show is Pirates of the Caribbean. Your favorite drink is Rum. You have a parrot on your shoulder, a wooden leg, and an eye-patch. You have a demented obsession with yelling “Ar!” at the top of your lungs. ‘Nuff said. 
The greatest pirate ever known was Robby Fury who sailed the Sea of Stars and once sacked ten Royal Navy ships single-handedly while blindfolded.
Class Subtype: Warrior
Skill Access: Athletics
Weapon Training: Expert
Armor Training: Light
Pirate Powers
0 Pirate (Free Power): Skill: You gain the steal and intimidate skills for free.
1 Man of the Sea: Skill: +3 all sailing skills, damage, and attack rolls at sea. 
2 Throw Person Overboard: Free Action: 11-20 throw person over the side when applicable. Useable once per encounter. This is a free attack action with no attacks back on you for failure. You can still take your regular action when you use this power. You can use this power even when not onboard a ship so long as you’re high up and can lift the opponent.
3 Say “Arr”: Skill: +3 intimidate, bribery, and bluff. Scream “Arr”: Bonus: Once per adventure per level tier to a max of 3 times at Epic level, you may Scream ‘Arr’ and deal +5 damage on your next successful attack roll.
4 Larceny: Skill and Free Action: You gain +2 to stealing, gambling, carousing, bluff, and appraisal skill checks. Additionally, once per battle you can spit in someone’s eye, stomp on their foot, throw sand in their eyes, or otherwise be annoying and gain 1 free attack with no consequences for failure against that target. This attack deals only 1d8 damage plus any bonuses from magic/special circumstances.
5 Lawless: Bonus: Up to three times per adventure you can ignore any one minor law in the land you’re currently in and get away with it (under 20 gp of damage/stealing). This immunity lasts only until the end of the adventure at which point someone may find out about your theft, break and enter, or whichever. At the time it occurs, no one notices unless it’s absolutely key to the plot or impossible for them not to. This power is meant for you to get away with minor misdeeds, not steal all the King’s treasury or suchlike.
6 Treasure Map: Bonus: Every two adventures you somehow get a new treasure map. This map may be false but usually leads across the sea to some great treasure or other. This map may be sold for money if the GM allows.
7 Survivor: Bonus: Once per adventure you may miraculously escape any death which comes about from being stranded in the wilderness. So you could survive a deserted island until rescued, being tossed into the sea or a giant whirlpool, or being poisoned by some kind of plant. Turn the Tables: Free Attack: Once per battle when you’d normally be hit for melee damage, instantly gain a free attack against that opponent with no repercussions for failure before the attack hits you.
8 Legendary Power “Ship”: Bonus: You gain a full sized ship of the highest quality complete with a loyal crew of pirates to a max of 200 followers. See Chapter Fourteen for details. You must come up with an explanation for how you received your ship and crew. If you’re playing in a high magic campaign this might be a flying ship.
9 Epic Power “Sailing Stunts”: Bonus and Free Action: While on a ship at sea you gain +2 to all attack and skill rolls. Additionally, you deal +2d6 to anyone you hit and you gain 1 free attack with no repercussions for failure every 3 rounds as you scream, “Ar.”
Psionic
You can: read minds, control thoughts, exert your pure will over reality, and generally seriously mess up people’s minds. 
Class Subtype: Magic
Skill Access: None
Weapon Training: Basic and Mental 1d6
Armor Training: None
Psionic Powers
0 Sense Minds (Free Power): Bonus: Up to three times per adventure for one round each time, you can sense the minds of sentient creatures. They appear as flickering lights to a distance of 60 ft. This negates invisibility and allows you to pretty much spot any sneak attack within your 60 ft. magical sight range.
1 Telepathy: Skill: Once per adventure per level tier to a maximum of 3 times at epic level you can attempt to read surface thoughts by rolling a creature’s RR on an unmodified power check. Infinite Telepathy: Skill: You can send unlimited mental messages and taunts, but the target can block them if it wishes. You can freely communicate with any willing minds you can sense.
2 Mind Control: Full Mental: Roll 1d20 vs. the foe’s RR on an unmodified attack check. If you succeed you have mind controlled that foe. The creature may break free when you stop concentrating or mind control a new foe. This power doesn’t work on Difficult or stronger creatures or those with very strong minds. You can mind control a number of targets equal to your level tier at a time. You can’t attempt to mind control the same foe twice in an experience level. Any time your concentration lapses the targets may break free. You use a full mental action each round you maintain control. The GM may allow you to maintain 5 permanently mind controlled type I minions each time you take this power if he wishes.
3 Alter Mind: Full Mental: Up to three times per adventure roll 1d20 vs. a foe’s RR on an unmodified power check. If you succeed, you may alter their memories as you see fit. The GM may limit the extent or duration of the alterations.
4 True Sight: Bonus: You can see all being’s true forms and your psionic vision pierces all illusions. This power only functions for 1 round when you activate it up to three times per adventure.
5 Mind over Matter: Bonus and Full Mental: You are completely immune to pain. You may attempt to bend reality to your will once per adventure with results as the GM deems appropriate. You gain +7 hp. You gain +4 to all mental based saves.
6 Mental Wall: Full Mental: You create a mental wall of force 20 ft. long by 10 ft. high x your level which is invisible and can only be physically breached by taking damage equal to your level. You can only use this power twice per adventure.
7 Mind Death Ray: Mental Attack: When you hit with a basic mental attack add +1d6 damage to your regular mental damage once per battle. The foe’s RR drops by 2 points for the rest of the battle.
8 Legendary Power “Break Mind”: Full Mental: Once per encounter roll against a foe’s RR as an unmodified attack action and if you succeed you have broken their mind (helpless). Very Difficult or greater foes or very intelligent opponents may resist this or get a saving throw.
9 Epic Power “Mental Shockwave”: Full Mental: roll a normal basic mental attack check but deal the resulting damage to all foes within 100 feet or 30 foes if it’s unclear how many that is. You can use this power only once per adventure. If you target only one creature with this the damage is upgraded to 6d6 total.
Pyromancer
Your incredible control of fire makes you a pyro-maniac. Pryomancers excel at mass damage dealing. They’re less adept at single foes or anyone who evades their fire. Play a Pyromancer if you love fire and blowing things up. Hang on, who doesn’t?
Class Subtype: Magic
Skill Access: Magic
Weapon Training: Basic and Magic 1d6
Armor Training: None 
Pyromancer Powers
0 Fire Control (Free Power): Free Action: You can spontaneously create a small flame on your hands or ignite your whole body. Anyone who deals unarmed damage to you while you’re ignited takes 1d6 damage. Fire Move: Magical Move: You can influence the course of fire within 100 ft. of you. You can use your regular or your move action to do this. You are immune to fire damage.
1 Leech Fire: Magical Attack: Once per adventure per level tier to a maximum of three times at epic level, you may deal +5 fire damage with any fire based attack vs. one foe. Fire Healing: Full Magic: Once per adventure you may heal 5 damage per use of Leech Fire you expend while directly touching a huge fire. This healing reduces the size of the fire.
2 Bestow Flames: Full Magic: You can bestow flame property to one object or person per level you possess per adventure. Anyone who comes into direct contact with a flame person or weapon takes 1d6 fire damage. Enchanted people/objects also become immune to normal fire damage and gain damage reduction 10 vs. magical and intense flames. The flame property remains for 1 hour per level bestowed to a character or object. Any weapon you’re personally holding always gains the fire bonus without cost.
3 Stoke Flames: Full Round: You can increase the size of any fire and its expansion by a factor of ten as long as available fuel remains. Having the ability to redirect the flames with Fire Control also makes it almost possible to attack directly with it. If you spend one round targeting a large fire, on the following round it will reach its target and do usual damage. Usually at least 2d6 for an inferno as long as the target hasn’t moved away or around the fire. Very large fires can also destroy wooden structures dealing 3d6 damage to anyone caught in the building at the time it collapses on the following round. Using Stoke Flames will rapidly deplete oxygen and flammable materials. You can only target a single opponent with stoke flames and must roll a regular attack to do so. Any additional targets subject to your flames are at the GM’s discretion.
4 Super Heat: Full Round: By concentrating you can raise the temperature of any medium sized inanimate object almost indefinitely (including your own body). Twice per adventure you can use this to destroy a steel or weaker non-combat obstacle. It has no direct combat application. The object will usually melt or explode within 2 rounds. Living creatures cannot be targeted and you can’t use this power on anything touching you.
5 Improved Fireball: Magical Attack: You can throw fireballs twice per encounter which affect up to 5 targets with only one attack back on you each time you use them. You can only throw one fireball per round. Your fireballs do 1d6 magical fire damage on any hits.
6 Ignition: Bonus: All of your fire-based: powers, magic items, abilities, and your basic spell attacks deal +2 damage. The heat of your flames is enough to start to melt steel.
7 Legendary Power “Flame Spiral”: Full Round: You whip a spiral of flames about yourself dealing 2d6 flame damage to anyone within 20 ft. of you rolling as usual. You can only be attacked back once when you use this power. If it’s unclear how many people are within 20 ft. of you, it affects 5 targets. You can only use this power once per battle.
8 Epic Power “Inferno”: Full Round: Once per adventure you can instantly summon an inferno 100 cubic feet x your level in size anywhere you can see and shaped as you see fit. The magical flames will instantly start burning everything they touch for 2d6 damage and expand as you direct. These flames are so fast you can target them each round on any creatures within 50’ of the inferno for the usual 2d6 damage on a hit. You can only control the fire for 3 rounds and then collapse senseless for at least 3 hours (all the fires disappear and your flame powers are gone for the next three days).
Rune Master
Using the mighty power of sigils and glyphs, you forge your strange magic with the ancient arcane writing of runes. Rune Master’s tend to be weak physically, but strong mentally. Play a Rune Master if you want to be a cool, mysterious master of weird magical writings. The greatest rune master ever known is Trilogus the Great. 
Class Subtype: Magic
Skill Access: Magic
Weapon Training: Basic and Magic 1d6
Armor Training: None
Rune Master Powers
0 Rune Scribe (Free Power): Full Round: Taking one round, you can scribe one rune on any object or person. This enchanted rune offers 1d6 damage if set as a ward or trap, or functions as a buff as per the wizard power of the same name of up to +3 for 2 rounds or +1 for a single encounter. You can ‘renew’ buff runes as long as you can physically touch the owner of the rune. Runes can also accomplish minor magical effects. You can only have one buff rune in play at a time, but you can have any number of ‘minor effect’ or temporary runes in play that the GM will allow. You can only place one rune on any person or object but may place up to 5 on yourself.
1 Rune Power: One Hour: Spending 1 hour you can imbue an extra power rune into up to a number of people equal to your level. Each power rune either offers a permanent +1 per level tier (max +3 at epic level) to one roll type or a specific magical effect determined by you in accordance with the GM. Power runes are permanent until replaced by new runes (the old ones are used up first). Power runes don’t stack with Rune Scribe Runes.
2 Sigil of Protection: Full Magic: At 1st level and every 5 levels thereafter you can scribe a special invisible sigil which deals 3d6 damage in a 20 ft. burst when anyone approaches within 5 ft. of it without first speaking a password you designate when you create the sigil. Older sigils fade away when you create new ones.
3 Elemental Runes: Bonus: At 1st level and every 5 levels thereafter you gain one new elemental form of basic magical attack. You also gain damage reduction 3 vs. that form of energy.
4 Rune Seer: One Minute: given 1 minute of undisturbed peace and quiet you can lay down a series of 500 mighty runes and enter a deep meditative trance for 6 rounds in which you cannot sense your surroundings or waken. When you awaken you will have seen one possible future event the GM describes to you in detail. You can only use Rune Seer twice per adventure.
5 Rune Golem: Bonus: You can forge a mighty rune golem: a being which stands 10 ft. tall made of stone, iron, and runic glyphs bearing your signature. This creature counts as a Type II henchman until epic level at which point it becomes a type III henchman. Your rune golem is incredibly smart and starts with +2 additional powers or skills beyond normal chosen by the GM.
6 Rune Tomb: Full Magic: If any foe is at your mercy you may encase them in a sigil covered adamantium tomb they cannot escape from. Only a skill check of 10 + your level can break open a Rune Tomb from outside. Any creature stuck within must roll 20 + your level to escape using a magic or strength/escape artist check to break free.
7 Protective/Destructive Runes: Full Round: You spend one round to surround your group with a mystical energy field of a type you designate. Any creature crossing it takes 1d6 damage.
8 Legendary Power “Rune Warded”: You can place up to three Power Runes on yourself if you have that power. Normally no one may have more than one power rune active on themselves at a time. Power Runes are slightly weaker than powers but can otherwise be whatever you want that the GM will allow or permanent +1’s to a single aspect each.
9 Epic Power “True Name”: Bonus: Your might in rune lore allows you to know the true magical names of all creatures and all foes. This allows you to magically increase the attack bonus cap of your party from +5 to +7 as long as you roll a knowledge check RR 30 concerning whichever foes you’re up against. For Difficult or weaker foes the RR is only 20. If other powers also raise the attack cap, they don’t stack with this power.
Seductress
Using your natural born assets and trained skills of charm, you can manipulate members of the opposite sex of your species into getting what you want, or letting down their guard. Particularly powerful Seductresses and Charmers may even be able to influence races other than their species and even monsters. Think: King Kong’s girl. You aren’t great at fighting, but you sure as heck are good at kissing. Play a Seductress if you A. want to be really hot, B. want to persuade people to do stuff for you, C. want to be like a famous actress or something, or D. all three.
Class Subtype: Any
Skill Access: None
Weapon Training: Basic
Armor Training: None
Seductress Powers
0 Act Cute (Free Power): Bonus: You can use this power up to twice per adventure vs. one foe in one encounter only. This foe will not kill you as long as you obey it and act meek. Trying to escape or undermine it immediately betrays the creature’s trust.
1 Seduction: Skill: you get +3 to the seduction skill and gain that skill for free. Seduce: Skill: Up to twice per adventure you may target any one person or creature with seduction and if the roll is successful they fall madly in love with you…whatever that means.
2 Charm: Free Action: Once per adventure you negate a battle as most of the combatants start falling for you when you wittily charm them. If any ally attacks, this effect is negated. Powerful or strong-minded opponents may be immune to this effect and regardless it only lasts for so long. You must role-play well for this to work. Generally, you are attacked last by most opponents and those charmed fight for you against those who aren’t charmed.
3 Innuendo: Free Action: You distract your foes only long enough to get the drop on them. If you roll a successful seduction check vs. a creature/group you may attack that creature or group at +3 and deal +2d6 damage on a hit for the first round only. You can’t use this power on the same person twice.
5 Blinding Hotness: Bonus: In role-playing terms every person of your species is stunned by your beauty and will do things for you they ordinarily wouldn’t. You don’t have to actively roll checks to maintain this good favor. All creatures of your species of the opposite gender who can see you take a -5 penalty to all mental and social skill rolls in your presence unless you ‘tone it down’ a bit. At least 3 times per adventure (if possible) the GM should inform you of random NPCs who have fallen in love with you or fainted at the sight of you.
5 Mind Control: Full Skill: Roll an unmodified 1d20 attack roll against a foe. If you hit that foe’s RR it falls under your control. Very Difficult or stronger foes or those with great intelligence may resist this or get a saving throw, otherwise they do whatever you want. You can only have a number of creatures under your control equal to your level tier and you must ‘pay favors’ of attention to each of them or they’ll become jealous of each other and fight or break free. If you don’t maintain concentration the GM may inform you some of your mind controlled creatures have broken free. To work, the creature must think it has a shot with you. Minions: Bonus: The GM may allow you to take 5 type I henchmen under your control per time you take this power. They are essentially your groupies.
6 Deadly Seductress: Full Skill: If you spend 1 round in close proximity to any character you’ve successfully used seduction on you may automatically deal +2d6 damage to them on a free hit on the following round. Alternately you can steal one item and leave them, your choice. This action uses up your full round apart from a regular move action. Using this power negates the effects of any seduction you’ve used on someone and they become wise to your ways.
7 Favors: Bonus: Every adventure you can ask up to five favors of random people or those you know who are enchanted by your looks and charm. These people will endeavor to help you as a good friend and will occasionally give you outrageous things for free or go to great lengths to do as you request of them.
8 Legendary Power “Seduce Anyone”:  Bonus: You can now use seduction on monsters, inanimate objects, and animals as well as just people. RRs are at the GM’s discretion.
9 Epic Power “Great Influence”: Skill: You cannot be affected by mind control or similar. Up to twice per adventure you can cause nations to go to war or demand outrageous favors of people because of your awesome influence and charisma. They usually do as instructed.
Seer
Seers and fortune tellers are famous for predicting the future with more or less accuracy. Most wise rulers have at least one seer in their employ even if that person is merely a conniving wizard or powerless charlatan. True seers are very powerful indeed and can hold the fate of kingdoms in their hands. Predicting the future is always a chancy business and nothing is certain. Play a seer if you like the idea of seeing the future before it happens.
Class Subtype: Magic
Skill Access: Magic
Weapon Training: Basic and Magic 1d6
Armor Training: None
Seer Powers
0 Predict the Future (Free Power): Full Magic: Once per adventure make a short prediction about the future. The GM should endeavor to include this future in the adventure to some extent. Ludicrous predictions should have their meanings twisted so they come true but in a very bad way.
1 See the Future: One Day: by meditating with your magical incense sticks for a whole day you see visions of future events. The GM should describe what the possible future of some event holds in store for you. He may also occasionally show you past events or things happening in the present at a far distant location.
2 Rift: Full Magic: Once per adventure you may open a temporary rift to the time and place you have seen in a vision. Up to 6 people may travel through this rift to that time and place before the rift collapses. Time travel is extremely dangerous and may have unforeseen consequences. You cannot get back without opening another rift next adventure.
3 Visions: Bonus: Three times per adventure at random times you get flashes of future events, events happening in the far past, or events in the present at a distant location. If the GM doesn’t give you all your visions you gain +3 premonition bonuses to all rolls until he does on the next adventure.
4 Fortune Telling: Bonus: With tea leaves, a crystal ball, or something similar you can divine the future of one creature by receiving a cryptic poem or omen from the GM regarding that character. These predictions can range from ludicrous and useless to terribly portentous and important. Usually you can only fortune tell for any one being or yourself once per three adventures.
5 Fateful Action: Free Action: Up to three times per adventure add +3 premonition bonus to any roll you are about to make. The max +5 to attack rule still applies.
6 Consult the Fates: Full Magic: You may ask greater magical powers than your world possesses what lies in store for you just around the bend. Up to three times per adventure ask the fates any one simple question and receive a cryptic and probably useless answer. Standard questions are: “Should I turn right or left?” “Where can I go to find treasure?” and “If I open this door will I die?” The simpler the question the greater the chance it will be answered in a straightforward manner.
7 Insane Luck: Bonus: Once per adventure something ridiculously lucky happens to you. The GM determines what this is, but it should always be good.
8 Way Find: Full Magic: Up to three times per adventure name one kind of object, person, or objective you seek and a magical sense will direct you toward your goal. Way Find lasts for only 1 round x your level. Also, it cannot work on obscure things like “The Villain of this Adventure” or “The path to victory” as determined by the GM. Each use of Way Find must be used on a separate objective.
9 Legendary Power “Prophecy”: Bonus: Once per adventure you may make a single prophecy about someone. As long as it’s pretty confusing the creature it is made about will most likely be affected by your prophecy in the future. Essentially, you get to rig future events for the creature. A single prophecy may apply to you as well, but the GM may feel free to interpret it as he will. Once a prophecy is made it cannot be changed or altered in any way.
10 Epic Power “Destiny”: Bonus: Once per adventure you may call upon Destiny to aid you. You will be given three tasks with no explanation of why they must be accomplished. If you successfully complete all three tasks within the time limit your fate will work out well in the forthcoming quest or endeavor. This usually translates into fancy advantages and finding sweet things you normally wouldn’t to aid you.
Shadow Samurai
Class Subtype: Magic
Skill Access: Magic 
Weapon Training: Expert 
Armor Training: None
Shadow Samurai Powers
0 Aura of Fear: Full Magic: Once per adventure all enemies within 20 ft. (or ten if it’s unclear how many that is) suffer fear and either run away or take a -2 to their RR. Difficult or greater foes are immune. The aura of fear comes from your shadowy presence and unearthly demeanor.
1 Shadow Blade: Bonus: You can enchant any weapons you hold to gain a shadow property which lets them pass through all armors. Any strongly armored opponents suffer a -2 to RR against you, as your blades pass through their defenses.
2 Consult Shadows: Bonus: Once per adventure you can send out four shadows who do reconnaissance for you and report back in a day with their findings. You may also simply request recent information seen by such shadows.
3 Shadow Walk: Magical Move: Once per adventure you can pass through a wall or other solid object. Shadow Stride: Magical Move: Once per adventure you can move along a ceiling or floor in shadow form for one move. You cannot use Shadow Stride to pass trough solid objects. Shadow Dodge: Free Action: Every battle on 11-20 you can phase out of one attack which would have otherwise hit you. 
4 Way of the Sword: Bonus: If you trade in the magic subtype and access to the magic skill you gain the warrior subtype and access to Athletics. You also gain a Samurai code of conduct you must follow with honor or loose access to all your powers. Gain +2 damage with your curved samurai sword.
5 Sensei: Bonus: You train samurai and ninjas giving you the ability to add +1 attack to all allies rolls for one battle per adventure. Throw: Free Attack: Once per battle gain a free unarmed throw attack vs. an opponent with no consequences for failure. You can multi-class with the Ninja class without penalty.
6 Shadow Form: Full Round: Once per adventure for up to one battle you become completely insubstantial and cannot affect or be affected by anything in the physical world for the duration of the power. Magic can still affect you, but you can’t use magic on opponents. While in shadow form you cannot take the hit for anyone unless that hit would actually hit you. 
7 Shadow Touch: Bonus: Once per battle when you hit with an unarmed strike the opponent takes a -2 penalty to RR from fear unless he or she runs away. 
8 Legendary Power “Shadow Master”: Bonus: You can use all of your once per adventure Shadow Samurai powers twice per adventure except for Glare of Shadows.
9 Epic Power “Glare of Shadows”: Full Round: Once per adventure one foe takes a -6 to RR for the duration of the battle after you glare at him with the full power of shadows and your might.
Shape Shifter
You can alter your shape almost at-will to become a wide range of creatures and objects depending on how skilled you are in the art of transformation.
Class Subtype: Magic
Skill Access: None
Weapon Training: Basic
Armor Training: None
Shape Shifter Powers
0 Shifter (Free Power): You gain one bonus power point you can only spend on a shape shifter power below. Shape shifting usually takes your whole round to accomplish.
1 One Animal Form: Full Round: Taking this power allows you to shift to one animal form of approximately your size, slightly smaller, or slightly larger. Statistics are at the GM’s discretion. All gear shifts into the new form.
2 One Plant Form: Full Round: Taking this power allows you to shift to one plant form of up to tree size and down to the size of a regular flower. All gear shifts into the new form.
3 One Inanimate Form: Full Round: Taking this power allows you to shift to one inanimate form up to the size of a 10’ by 10’ wall or floor and down to the size of a fist or boulder. All gear shifts into the new form. 
4 One Humanoid Form: Full Round: Taking this power allows you to shift to one humanoid form, a small humanoid form, or a large humanoid form. You may be carrying up to 100 lbs. of gear and clothes in this new form. When you transform into something else, up to 100 lbs. of gear you’ve been holding for at least a week is stored in the humanoid form and the rest appear on your new form in pouches and bags or drop to the floor if none are available.
5 Take On Abilities: Bonus: Add one unique power or skill to each form you’re capable of shifting to based on that form’s characteristics. Collaborate with the GM to make this work and be balanced. Whenever you shift to that form you lose some of your normal abilities/skills and gain the equal number of new ones in your shifted form. You can take this power multiple times if the GM allows.
6 Mimic: Full Round: You can shift into the forms of anyone of your species you’ve touched or observed closely in the past 24 hours. You can remain in the new form indefinitely but if you shift out of it you ‘lose’ that form until you see or touch it again. Only applies to basic members of your species and within reason. This power does not stack with Take On Abilities above.
7 Battle Shifting: +1 A. +3 D. in battle when constantly shifting forms. This gives you no extra ability to shape shift, but it is useful in battle.
8 Mind Blank: Full Magic: When you touch someone you can alter their memory, wipe their mind, read their thoughts/steal memories, etc. Base chance is: Mind Wipe: 16-20. Alter Memory/Steal Memory: 11-20. Read Thoughts (brief) 6-20. Once failed you can’t use this power again this adventure.
9 Legendary Power “Transfer Shifting Ability”: Full Magic: 11-20 transfer temporary shifting abilities (inept) to one person for 2 minutes. You can use this power as many times as you want and on as many people as you want per adventure until you fail 3 rolls.
10 Epic Power “True Shape Shifter”: Full Round: You can transform into any form equal in mass and size to you. It can also be an energy form or other strange guise you would not otherwise be capable of shifting to. This power doesn’t stack with any other shape shifter powers. You can only do up to 5 true shape shifts per adventure.
Skills Master
Skills-Masters are perhaps one of the most unique character classes in the game. Your way is not brute combat, explosive magic, or insane powers. Yours is the way of cunning, of stealth, of smarts and skill; rather than brute strength and force. You’re more likely to negotiate your way out of a tight spot than pull a sword, but if you do pull a sword no-one is likely to see it coming…until it’s too late. Skills Masters stack very well with the Master Thief and Spy classes, but your options for customization are limitless. 
Class Subtype: Stealth
Skill Access: Thievery, Stealth, and Acrobatics
Weapon Training: Expert
Armor Training: Light
Skills Master Powers
0 Stealth Attack (Free Power): Bonus: When attacking with surprise you deal +1d6 damage per level tier to a maximum of +3d6 at epic level. You gain the stealth skill for free. Unless otherwise allowed by the GM, Stealth Attack only works with normal weapons and doesn’t stack with identical powers.
1 Set Traps: Full Round: You can set a number of traps per adventure equal to ½ your level rounded up to a maximum of ten at 20th level. Each trap when sprung deals 2d6 damage to a single opponent. Only Difficult or greater foes can usually spot a trap and even then they only have a chance to spot it. Setting up a trap usually takes a full round or more per trap. You can combine multiple uses of this power to make a really big trap instead of a whole bunch of small ones. This doesn’t increase damage but it does increase potential targets.
2 Skill Attack: Skill: Once per battle when you succeed on a skill check RR set by the GM you deal +2d6 damage if you hit with an attack thereafter. If you fail at the skill roll you must wait until next battle to try again. The GM picks what skill you must use.
3 Extra Skills: Bonus: Gain two additional skills and +1 to all skills you have. You gain access to all skills in the game. You can also forge magic items with the appropriate forging skill and ingredients, but double all ingredient costs because you’re not specialized in magic.
4 Thievery: Bonus: You gain +3 to all Thievery skills. You roll active perception checks to spot all hidden doors and traps even when you’re not searching for them. You can attempt to steal large objects held by enemies when normally you can only steal small objects. Once per encounter you can make a steal check as a free action.
5 Skill Master: Bonus: You gain +3 to any two skills. However, you can only apply this to a skill which hasn’t been boosted by any other power yet. You can take this power multiple times but only with different skills.
6 Disappear: Skill: Once per encounter you can hide while still in plain view of other people whether you already attacked, were spotted, or so forth. As long as you don’t move or do anything they probably can’t spot you again unless the GM specifically allows. If you start stealing or attacking again you can be spotted as usual when you’re in stealth mode. If you attempt to flee silently you should get bonuses, but it isn’t guaranteed.
7 Dodge: Free Action: Once per battle on 11-20 avoid an attack which would have otherwise hit you.
8 Cunning Maneuver: Bonus: Up to twice per encounter you can attempt a skill action in addition to your regular action whether it’s another skill or an attack. You can use this to climb twice as fast, get an enemy to look at his shoes as you attack him, or pick a lock while battling with your sword. If the GM would normally allow this anyway, you get an extra action.
9 Legendary Power “Precision”: Attack: Up to twice per adventure add your level to your attack and damage roll with a single attack. You can break the max +5 to a combat roll rule for the purposes of these attacks alone. You strike with incredible accuracy and could even slice the clothes off someone if you wanted to.
10 Epic Power “Magic Fingers”: Skill: Once per encounter you can perform up to 4 skill actions per round instead of 1. This doesn’t give you re-rolls but it lets you move four times faster than normal and accomplish a lot. You can’t use this to run four times faster than normal, but you can climb four times faster, swim four times faster, or steal four separate items from someone etc.
Spy
You specialize not in combat, but in covert ops and intelligence gathering. Play a spy if you want to sneak around and obtain information. Spies also tend to get girls and attend really spiffy parties.
Class Subtype: Stealth
Skill Access: Thievery, Stealth, and Acrobatics
Weapon Training: Expert
Armor Training: Light
Spy Powers
0 Find Important Things: Bonus: Whenever you’re searching around you generally find the most important things first. Add +3 to perception and get that skill for free. You find things four times more quickly than normal and apply all your perception checks to entire rooms rather than specific areas. If it’s there, you’ll find it. You don’t need to declare what you’re looking for when you use perception, but you apply it against all nearby hidden objects.
1 Break In: Bonus: Roll 1d20 and on 7-20 break into anything or anywhere. You cannot use this to ‘break out’ and you can only break in up to twice successfully per adventure. You cannot attempt to ‘break in’ to the same thing more than once regardless of uses remaining.
2 Political Knowledge: Skill: Choose any three social skills to get +3 in each. You gain Political Knowledge at +5 for free.
3 Flirt: Full Round: Roll 1d20 and on an 11-20 you get the girl if she’s available and not a villain. You can use this power up to twice successfully per adventure. Difficult and greater foes are immune.
4 Obtain Information: Bonus: Up to three times per adventure name a piece of information you’re looking for and roll a research/rumor gather skill check at +5 circumstantial bonus. You recover this information ten times more quickly than normal.
5 Observation: Bonus: Up to three times per adventure add +5 to a perception roll you already made and heard the results of to get further information. 
6 Ultimate Smoothness: Full Round: Whenever your party totally messes up and puts its foot in its mouth you can auto-diffuse the situation up to twice per adventure with this power. It implies your character stepping in, saying something sweet, and totally putting the NPC’s/bad guys at ease. This power only works in social settings, not pitched battles. You cannot smooth over anything you caused yourself.
7 Getaway: Bonus: When running away on a grand escape you gain two free dodges against any attacks made against you as you’re running away. These dodges must be used on separate attacks and dodge those attacks on a roll of 11-20 on 1d20. If you’re caught or stop running you cannot use these dodges. Check with the GM what qualifies as a grand escape.
8 Legendary Power “Sauvé Charm”: Bonus: Up to twice per adventure you may re-roll any one d20 roll you made and add +10 to the new result in addition to your normal bonuses. You get to say some famous one liner as you do this.
9 Epic Power “Cheat Death”: Free Action: Once per adventure when you’d normally die, you instead miraculously avoid death and gain back 2d6 +1/2 your total level in hp. Foes tend to be surprised when you show up again.
Swashbuckler/Duelist
Plucky little maniacs, swashbucklers prefer skill and quick swordsmanship to a stand-up knock-down fight. Thus, they excel when they can swing off chandeliers and use their dazzling wit on people who can appreciate it. They don’t do so well against large, brainless monsters or dragons in caves. Play a swashbuckler if you picture a character like the Three Musketeers, Puss in Boots, Zorro, or anyone else who shouts witty insults while swinging a flashing fencing blade.
Class Subtype: Warrior
Skill Access: Athletics and Acrobatics
Weapon Training: Expert
Armor Training: Light
Swashbuckler Powers
0 Acrobat (Free Power): Skill: You get +2 to all acrobatics based skills and the Acrobatics Broad skill for free. You may also take +2 to any one social skill except intimidate.
1 Stunts: Skill: You gain the stunts specific skill at +3 for free.
2 Disarm: Full Attack: Once per battle roll 1d20 vs. a foes RR as an unmodified attack action. If you succeed, you’ve disarmed the opponent and may now have their weapon in your hand.
3 Mass Combat Expert: Free Action: You are not subject to free hits from being severely outnumbered in melee combat. Whirling Blades: Free Attack: Once per battle you gain a free basic attack with no attacks back on you for failure.
4 Duelist: Bonus: When fighting only a single opponent who wields a weapon similar to yours you add +2d6 damage on any hits and gain +2 to attack while you fight that foe alone.
5 Witticisms: Free Action: You constantly jibe insults at your foes and flirt with the opposite gender while fighting. This gives you a +2 to all social rolls while fighting and you can make one social skill check per round in addition to your other actions. Once per battle, if you roll high enough on a social skill check, the GM may lower a single foe’s RR by 2 for that round and 1 for the rest of the battle. If you roll a 30 or higher lower the RR by 4 for that round and 2 for the rest of the battle. These bonuses never stack and are non-cumulative. Your witticisms must be ‘role-played well’ to be effective and are judged by the GM under the skills rules.
6 Acrobatic Fighter: Move: Once per battle you may jump over everyone’s heads or roll under their feet to end up 50’ feet away to anywhere you wanted to go without incurring any free attacks or penalties. The only time this might not work is when facing a solid wall of soldiers, guards, or similar. I.e. there must be some open spaces to maneuver through.
7 Two Weapon Fighting: Full Attack: Twice per battle if you miss a challenge immediately re-roll 1 time with a -2 penalty, only fail if you miss this roll as well. You cannot use a shield if you wield two weapons.
8 Ultimate Insult: Skill: You’re expert at ticking your opponent off by saying just the wrong thing. Once per battle you may enrage one opponent who then seriously wants to kill you giving you +3 attack and +5 damage against that opponent for the duration of the battle. However, your opponent also attacks with merciless rage and gains +5 damage against you. You must be in melee combat to use Ultimate Insult effectively.
9 Legendary Power “Speed of the Viper”: Free Action: Once per adventure make 1d6 bonus free attacks on a turn. If you hit the same target twice in a row add +1d6 damage per previous hit on that target on this turn to a maximum of +5d6 damage for 5 hits in a row with the sixth attack. If you miss an attack, you start out at +0 again. This power stacks and compliments with your normal attacks on a round.
10 Epic Power “Tumble”: Free Action: Up to three times per battle roll a dodge against an attack with an 11-20 avoiding the attack. If you miss a dodge you can roll another to attempt to dodge the same attack again.
Swords Master/Weapon Specialist
The weapons master has honed the use of one attack/skill/weapon to perfection. He is a master of the blade, the greatest thief ever, or an incredible adept at turning people into frogs. He devotes all of his skills and training to his single weapon/approach and thus is deadly with it, but weak in everything else. Think card thrower, knife thrower, swords master, dart thrower, or Robin Hood with a bow. If you can’t use your favoured weapon, or lose it, you’re in trouble.
 See also: “Knife Thrower/Ranged Specialist” if that better suits your character concept. You don’t have to apply this ‘specialty’ to a weapon. It could be an approach, philosophy, or style/skill if the GM allows as well.
You can apply Swords Master powers to a different weapon if you want so long as it’s a melee weapon and approved by the GM.
Class Subtype: Warrior
Skill Access: Athletics
Weapon Training: Expert
Armor Training: Medium
Swords Master Powers
0 Blade Mastery (Free Power): Bonus: You add +1 to your damage whenever you wield your favored weapon.
1 Swords Master: Bonus: +1 A. +5 D. with sword for one encounter per adventure. At every new level tier add an extra use of this power to a max of 3 uses at epic level.
2 Warrior Skills: Bonus: Take 2 warrior powers. You can only take this power once. These powers must be rolled randomly or selected by the GM. You cannot trade them in as you would normal powers. If you trade in this power, you lose both of these bonus powers. If you select the powers the GM limits which ones you can take. These powers only work with your favoured weapon (sword).
3 Undisarmable Sword: Bonus: You cannot be disarmed of your sword in battle unless you’re captured. You deal +2 damage with all sword attacks.
4 Undefeatable Sword: Bonus: You can’t lose against sword wielding foes unless they punch you or use magic, etc. Disregard all sword damage when you’re at 1 hp. Foes will notice you cannot be defeated after a while and employ other attacks against you.
5 Fearsome Sword: Full Round: Once per adventure roll 1d20 against all foes within 40 ft. of you or 20 if it’s unclear how many that is. If you hit any of their RRs you’ve scared them away because of your legendary fame and skill with a blade. This only works on Very Difficult or weaker foes who could be scared in this way. You gain the sword flipping (perform) skill at +2 when you take this power. For every 5 levels you attain add +1 to the d20 roll to use this power to a maximum of +5 at 25th level.
6 Disarm: Full Attack: When you hit you can instead disarm any sword wielding foe of his blade (GM’s discretion). Useable once per battle. It must be a sword. You gain master weapon training with swords.
7 Parry: Free Action: 11-20 block any sword attack that would otherwise hit you until you fail this roll twice during an adventure. It must be a sword. You gain heavy armor training.
8 Legendary Power “Legend in the Field”: Bonus: Your renown is such that you’re world famous. Your expertise in combat training makes you a leader of men granting you 5 type I henchmen eager to learn from you. Additionally, you gain +1 attack and damage with swords.
9 Epic Power “Sword Evisceration”: Full Attack: Once per adventure you may attack all enemies within 40 ft. (or 20 foes if it’s unclear how many there are) with a single attack roll. Only one can attack back. You add +2 attack to this attack roll in addition to your normal bonuses.
Telekinetic
Telekinetics are magical characters who can move things around by use of their minds alone. They are frequently born of magical races or with the blood of wizards, teleporters, or shape-shifters in their veins. Play a telekinetic if you like the idea of moving stuff around without touching it or possibly if you’re playing a small animal or magical orb.
Class Subtype: Magic
Skill Access: Magic
Weapon Training: Basic and Magic 1d6 Telekinetic Punch
Armor Training: None
Telekinetic Powers
0 Telekinesis: Full Magic: By concentrating you can move things around with your brain. As long as an object is within 60 ft. of you and weighs under 10 lbs. you can move it up to 10 ft. per round anywhere within range. This doesn’t work on attended objects or those attached to other things.
1 Quick Telekinesis: Bonus: Once per round one of your telekinetic actions counts as a move action for you instead of a full magic action. It cannot be an attack.
2 Greater Telekinesis: Bonus: You can move objects up to your carrying capacity with your mental will alone.
3 Fast Telekinesis: Bonus: When moving objects mentally they travel at 60 ft. per round allowing you to swiftly move objects around you.
4 Extended Telekinesis: Bonus: You can move objects out to a range of anywhere you can see. Your grip on objects weakens by 10% for every additional 100’ you go past your initial 60 ft. range. This decrease applies to both speed of movement and max carrying capacity.
5 Telekinetic Hurl: Full Attack: You must have Greater Telekinesis and Fast Telekinesis to take this power. Once per encounter you can hurl a large object at an opponent as a standard power attack roll of 1d20. If you hit, deal Telekinetic Punch damage +2d6.
6 Finesse: Bonus: You can manipulate fine objects through telekinesis equal to your normal dexterity and skill. This allows you to use skills with items from afar, wield weapons by telekinesis, and so forth. Normally objects only move roughly as you direct them.
7 Two Handed Telekinetic Hold: Full Magic: You can manipulate telekinetically held objects as if you had two ‘hands’. This allows you to fire bows telekinetically, float two objects in vicinity to each other, or flip the pages of a book held by your other telekinetic ‘hand’.
8 Grab: Full Round: You can attempt to ‘grab’ attended objects as well as unattended objects with your telekinetic grip. You must have Finesse and Two Handed Telekinetic Hold to take this power. This would allow you to attempt to steal things without actually being there, fling opponents with Telekinetic Hurl, and attempt to yank weapons out of enemies’ hands. The default roll to successfully ‘grab’ an attended object is 11-20 on 1d20 but the GM may rule it an automatic success if the foe wasn’t expecting it or an automatic failure if your opponent knows you’re a telekinetic. Thus you could probably only ‘hurl’ someone once with this power. You can hurl people up to your max telekinetic carry, if applicable, 1 foot x the damage dealt to them when they crash into a wall or other obstacle at the end of the hurl based on your telekinetic punch damage. You choose the direction you hurl them in.
9 Deadly Telekinetic: Bonus: Increase your telekinetic punch damage by +1d6.
10 Legendary Power “Telekinetic Warrior”: Free Action: You’ve mastered the art of telekinesis to the extent that you can attack with large and small unattended objects to great effect even while distracted by performing other actions. Once per round and up to twice per encounter make a telekinetic free attack which deals 3d6 damage on a hit.
11 Epic Power “Heavy Telekinetic”: Full Round: You can move objects up to 1,000 lbs. with your mind alone. You can apply up to 250 lbs. of torque on objects which is usually enough to break them free. You can only use this power on unattended inanimate objects. However, it does increase your telekinetic ‘strength’ enough to pick up and hurl medium sized and smaller targets if you have Telekinetic Hurl and Grab. See Grab for more details. Add +2d6 damage to your telekinetic punch.
Warrior
Warriors are brave, sure, and strong. They have high hit points, deal massive damage, and are some of the toughest combatants around. A Warrior will often multi-class with a more specialized combat class such as: Knight, Swords Master, or Berserker for added benefit and power. The greatest warrior ever to have lived is known as, Sean Sandeen, who is now king of Sileeria. Will you one day claim that title from him?
Class Subtype: Warrior
Skill Access: Athletics
Weapon Training: Expert
Armor Training: Heavy
Warrior Powers
0 Heavy Armor Expert (Free Power): Bonus: You take no penalties to skills or movement from wearing any kind of armor.
1 Power Strike: Bonus: For every -2 penalty you take to all attacks this turn deal +1d6 damage on a hit against a single foe. You must declare a power strike before rolling.
2 Piercing Attack: Full Attack: If you complete one combat challenge immediately roll on the next with a +2 bonus to attack. You can only gain one additional attack per round in this way per level tier you possess to a maximum of 3 at epic level.
3 Double Attack: Full Attack: Roll two separate attack rolls on one turn. Even if you miss both attacks, only 1 foe can attack you back. You block the other attack automatically. You can only use this power once per battle.
4 Two Weapon Fighting: Full Attack: Twice per battle if you miss a challenge immediately re-roll 1 time with a -2 penalty, only fail if you miss this roll as well. You cannot use a shield if you wield two weapons.
5 Toughness: Bonus: +7 hp.
6 Deadly Strike: Bonus: Once per battle add +3 to your attack roll, if you succeed you deal +2d6 damage. If you miss, you take x2 damage from the foe.
7 Favoured Weapon: Bonus: Receive +1 attack and +2 damage on a hit with your favoured weapon. You cannot change your favoured weapon once chosen.
8 Unstoppable Tank: Bonus: It takes 5 hits to kill you in battle, regardless of damage. However, if any one attack deals damage equal to or greater than you maximum hit points, Unstoppable Tank is immediately canceled for that battle.
9 Evasion: Free Action: Once per battle roll 1d20 when you would be hit with an attack and on 11-20 dodge that attack.
10 Charge: Bonus: If you charge (movement x2) your first melee attack automatically hits on a roll of 15-20 regardless of the foe’s RR and you deal +2d6 damage from the force of your blow. Even if you roll less than 15 you still may hit as long as you rolled the foe’s RR or higher, you just don’t deal the extra +2d6 damage. Usually, but not always, you can only charge once per battle.
11 Critical Threat: Bonus: When your roll 18-20 on an attack roll, re-roll and on a hit deal +5 damage to the enemy. This bonus damage stacks with the x2 damage from a regular critical hit when you roll a natural 20.
12 Mounted Combat: Bonus: +1 attack and +2 damage when mounted.
13 Defender: Move: Once per battle you may jump in front of one attack on one of your allies and ‘take the hit’ for that character as long as it is reasonable for you to do so. You have a 50% chance to resist the damage from this hit (11-20 on 1d20). 
14 Rage: Bonus: Once per adventure per level tier to a maximum of three times at epic level, you may fly into a berserk rage for the duration of one battle. While in a rage you gain +3 to all damage rolls. You cannot take rage more than once.
15 Go Ballistic: Full Attack: Once per battle attack all foes within 20 ft. If it’s unclear how many that is, attack up to 10 foes. Keep rolling even if you die. 
16 Crippling Strike: Attack: In addition to your damage on a hit the enemy challenge (RR) drops 10% or 2 points on 1d20, non-cumulative. Useable once per battle.
17 Hit Hard: Bonus: Add +1d6 to any damage roll you make with a melee weapon after confirming a hit once per battle.
18 Great Strength: Skill: +2 to all strength based skills.
19 Legendary Power “Multi-Attack”: Full Attack: Attack three opponents twice per adventure. Only one can attack back. You must take double attack to take this power. You cannot stack this power with any others except double attack. When you stack it with double attack you can attack 5 times with only one attack back on you. This uses up a use of multi-attack and double attack at the same time.
20 Epic Power “Spinning Attack”: Full Attack: Roll a single attack roll and apply the result against up to 4 foes surrounding you. Even if you miss, only one foe can attack you back. You can use this power only once per encounter. You must have multi-attack to take spinning attack.
Witch
Witches are weaklings who excel at behind the scenes potion and magic work. They are at their strongest when facing non-magical foes, but frequently die or get captured when there are at least two enemies of any type. Play a witch if you want to be an ugly old woman who curses people, flies around on a broomstick, cackles, has warts, and is possessive of black cats.
Class Subtype: Magic
Skill Access: Magic
Weapon Training: Basic and Magic 1d6
Armor Training: None
Witch Powers
0 Psychotic Cackle (Free Power): Full Magic: Roll 1d20 vs. all difficult and lower foes within 20 ft. of you (or up to ten foes if it’s unclear how many that is). Anyone you hit with this power roll is unnerved and either runs away or takes -2 to their RR for the rest of this encounter. You can only use psychotic cackle up to three times per adventure.
1 Tele-link Black Cat: Bonus: You may have 1 small pet creature such as a black cat. You can either transform into or have a telepathic and sight link with this creature. Your cat can have super intelligence (as a human) as well. This cat counts as a type I henchman pet until Legendary level at which point it becomes a type II henchman minion. If you have no other henchmen at epic level it becomes a type III elite henchman.
2 Brew Potion: Bonus: You can brew magical potions. See Chapter Twelve: Magic Item Crafting for more details.
3 Charms: Full Magic: Once per battle roll 1d20 vs. a single foe who can see and hear you. If successful, that foe falls under your control for the duration of the battle. This power doesn’t function on very difficult or greater foes.
4 Curse: Full Round: Roll 1d20 vs. a single helpless foe who can see and hear you. If successful you can curse that foe with any one task or major disability. There must always be a way to lift the curse. Check with your GM what curses you can employ. Traditional curses are: turn to stone, eternal sleep, turn to frog, and always tell the truth. You can only employ up to three curses per adventure.
5 Voodoo: Full Round: Once per adventure you may make a voodoo doll of any helpless character who you’ve used a voodoo curse on. Henceforth the doll affects that character with great pain whenever you poke it. This curse lasts until the one requirement to lift it is reached or until you employ a new voodoo curse. You can’t use a voodoo curse to kill anyone. At worst it gives them -5 RR from intense pain.
6 Screaming Bolt of Wyrd: Bonus: Your basic magic attack deals 1d8 damage and causes intense fear in the target if it takes more than ½ its total hp in damage from the screaming bolt of wyrd. Fear causes a -2 to RR for the rest of the battle unless the foe flees.
7 Intimidating Wart: Skill: You get +4 to the intimidate skill and the intimidate skill for free because of your ugly wart.
8 Summon Creature: Ten Minutes: Given 10 minutes you can draw a pentagram and summon an extra-dimensional creature. This being will be of great intelligence and knowledge and you may ask it up to 3 questions about future events or events taking place elsewhere. The creature may answer cryptically. You can only use this power once per adventure. If someone breaks the pentagram the creature may escape.
9 Bestow Powers: Ten Minutes: If a willing creature makes a deal with you, you may brew a special potion to give them their desire but they must also pay you something in return or otherwise suffer some drawback. Check with the GM what powers may be given and taken in this manner. Also, there is always some way to reverse this process. This power is generally useable once per adventure and does not use up potion ingredients.
10 Witch’s Broom: One Minute: You can enchant brooms in 1 minute of contact to fly for you and you alone. Flying is at movement rate 24 and you cannot attack, use magic, or perform other actions while flying.
11 Legendary Power “Fearsome Visage”: Free Action: This power functions the same as 0 Psychotic Cackle except you don’t even need to speak and it counts as a free action for you. Additionally, it functions on all very difficult and lower rated foes out to 40 ft. or 20 foes if it’s unclear how many there are in the 40 ft. sphere. You can only use this power up to twice per adventure.
11 Epic Power “Ultimate Curse”: Free Action: This power once per adventure drops a single foe’s RR by 6 points for the duration of the encounter. If this would drop the foe’s RR to 10 or less you can automatically curse it with whatever you want as it falls helplessly to you feet. Otherwise this functions as a regular witch’s curse with more power and open-endedness.
Wizard
Wizards have the most powers in the game. From the ancient archwizard to the toiling apprentice, from the mighty witch to the great pyro-maniac; wizards are universally regarded with awe or fear for their awesome powers. It is possible wizards are the most deadly men and women alive. As a wizard, you’ll have a broad range of lethal and effective powers at your disposal with massive room for improvement. The drawback? You’re a weak old man who wears nothing but a robe, carries a stick, and you have a bad attitude. The most powerful wizard alive is known as ‘Bone Naga’. No one knows his true name or purposes, but he is universally accepted as the greatest Archwizard in Sileeria.
Class Subtype: Magic
Skill Access: Magic
Weapon Training: Basic and Magic 1d6
Armor Training: None
Wizard Powers
0 Spell Book (Free Power): Bonus: Make up three player-created wizard spells to put in your spell book. Each adventure you can cast each of these spells once. At every new level tier add a spell to your spell book for a total of 5 spells at epic level. Spell book spells are essentially freebie skill powers which require no roll to use. However, they must be approved by the GM first.
1 Buff: Full Round: Name any roll type. All characters in the party get +1 to that type of rolls for an entire encounter. It takes one full round to cast this buff. You cannot stack this buff with other wizard buffs. You can only use this power 3 times per adventure. Examples of roll types: attack, damage, strength based, mental based, etc.
2 Buff: Full Round: As above but +2 for 5 rounds only. 
3 Buff: Full Round: As above but +3 for 2 rounds only.
4 Fireball: Full Magical Attack: Once per battle, roll a magical attack on a single d20 and apply this attack against up to 5 nearby foes. If you fail this roll, only one may attack you back. You negate the other attacks you would normally receive. Fireball does 1d6 magic flame damage to each foe on any hits.
5 Shield: Full Magic: Once per adventure block the next three attacks which would otherwise have hit you as long as they do 10 or less damage. You can activate shield any time as a free action but you can’t save extra uses for later. They dissipate at the end of the battle.
6 Turn to frog: Bonus: Increase your basic spell damage to 1d8. Whenever your basic spell damage would be enough to defeat a foe you may instead turn that foe into a frog, stone, or similar. If you do so you may imprison the foe or offer it freedom (it can still understand you) with a price. 
7 Phase Shift: Magical Move: Whenever an attack would hit you roll 1d20 and on an 11-20 negate that attack because you teleported 10’ in any direction to an open space. You can only use this short range teleport up to 3 times per adventure and you cannot pass through any solid objects.
8 Turn all foes to stone or frogs: Full Magic: Once per adventure apply your basic spell damage to all foes within 20 ft. using only a single roll, or 10 foes if it’s unclear how many there are. Only one foe can attack you back. Any foes hit fall subject to the turn to frog power above if you have it.
9 Spell Blast: Bonus: After confirming a magic hit deal an extra 2d6 damage once per battle. This bonus damage affects a single target only.
10 Splinter Spell: Bonus: Once per battle when you confirm a magical hit split your damage to as many foes as you wish in whatever amounts you wish but all the secondary targets must have the same or lower RR than the foe originally targeted and be within 20 ft. of the original target.
11 Turn into Bear/Gargoyle: Full Round: Once per adventure for one encounter transform into a giant, physically intimidating creature such as a gargoyle or bear. In this form gain +20 normal hit points and deal 1d12 unarmed damage + ½ your level to a max of +15 at 30th level. However, you lose access to all your spells in this form and behave somewhat erratically.
12 Duo Cast: Full Magic: Cast two spells twice per adventure. Only one foe can attack back if used in combat.
13 Multi-Cast: Full Magic: Cast three spells once per adventure. Only one foe can attack back if used in combat. You can have duo-cast and multi-cast, but you can’t use them both at the same time. 
14 Spell Resistance: Free Action: 11-20 resist any spell affecting you.
15 Duplicates: Full Magic: Create 1d6 duplicate images of yourself using a full round action once per battle. Duplicates are always hit first before you and shift around to protect you. You can only use this power twice per adventure.
16 Mind Control: Full Magical Attack: Roll 1d20 vs. the RR of one foe. If successful you control that foe’s actions for the rest of the encounter. However, you cannot have it harm itself or betray its basic instincts. You can only use this power once per adventure. 
17 Summon Monster: Free Action: You summon a type I henchmen minion monster for one encounter. This monster will do anything you want and can be of any type you designate with the GM’s approval. Summoning is a free action but you can only have one summoned creature in play at a time and you can only use this power up to three times per adventure.
18 Summon Monsters: Free Action: Once per adventure you summon three type I henchmen minion monsters for the duration of one encounter. These monsters can be any type or types you designate with GM approval. Summoning is a free action but you can only have 3 monsters summoned at any one time and you can only ever use this power once per adventure.
19 Invulnerability: Full Magic: Once per adventure you become invulnerable to everything for 1 round per level tier you’ve achieved to a max of 3 rounds of invulnerability at epic level.
20 Bestow Spell: Full Round: Apply any one spell you have to any ally you can touch using a full round action. You cannot transfer any infinite use powers or those which can be cast on other people anyway such as Buffs. You can only use this power once per adventure per level tier to a max of 3 times at epic level.
21 Permanency: Full Round: Choose any spell you have active on yourself from this list: fly, invisibility, turn into bear/gargoyle, summon monster, mind control, or duplicates. That spell gains infinite duration regardless of its normal rules, but you cannot cast or be subject to any further helpful spells until you terminate permanency. All of your magic items also cease to function. All other helpful spells on you cease to function. You can only cast permanency once per adventure. Anything which would cause a spell to fail still applies. This spell just extends the duration of a single spell to the exclusion of all other spells and magic items while active.
22 Deadly Magic: Gain +1 attack and +1 damage with all magical attacks.
23 Legendary Power “Mega Fireball”: Once per adventure one of your fireballs explodes in a 40 ft. radius (or against up to ten foes if it’s unclear how many that is) with only one attack back on you possible. Roll only once at +5 attack and apply it against all targets. The fireball deals 6d6 fire damage.
24 Legendary Power “Invisibility”: Full Magic: Once per adventure you become invisible for one encounter. You cannot be targeted by anyone and receive no attacks back when you fail to hit enemies with attacks. However, if you’re alone or without allies 16-20 each round you’re discovered by some means or the spell wears off.
25 Legendary Power “Teleport”: Full Round: Roll 1d20 and on all but a 5 or under you can teleport to any one area you’ve been to before and can remember clearly. Teleporting takes one full round. If you roll a 5 or under the spell fails still using up your round and you cannot attempt to teleport again for the rest of the adventure.
26 Epic Power “Fly”: Full Magic: You can fly around outside of combat as much as you want. Once per adventure for one encounter 11-20 all attacks miss you but enemies can still target you with melee attacks by throwing their weapons. Any time you’re hit by any attack fly is cancelled and you fall taking 1d6 damage x 10 ft. fallen.
Chapter Three: Races

You may take only 1 race at first level. You receive the racial power marked with ‘0’ for free but you must pay 1 power point for any other racial powers you take from your race’s power list. You can never trade in racial powers.
Natural Weaponry
Each race has a natural weaponry entry. You automatically can deal this damage when fighting unarmed. If you use an improvised weapon you deal 1d5 damage.
Carrying Capacity Base Number
This means your starting carrying capacity of 60/180 lbs. Powers never affect your advancement of carrying capacity at later levels, only your initial numbers. The first number is how much weight you can carry over long periods without difficulty. The second number is your max lift. See Chapter Four: Skills for more details.
Making Your Own Races
To create your own race, simply come up with a concept and assign it powers and a natural weaponry entry. Also, feel free to change the names and flavor of races herein to better suit your tastes. Challenger was meant to let you play any character you want. Don’t let the rules hold you back, just remember to check with the GM first.
Combining Races
At the GM’s discretion you may combine the powers of two or more races or gain the ability to transform into two separate racial forms. Usually it costs 1 power point to do either of these things, but the GM may prohibit it or waive the power point cost in his sole discretion. The GM is encouraged to let the player’s mix and match races to make cool characters within reason.
Part 3.1: Race Types
You can play any race you want, but some races suit certain character concepts better than others. Strong races generally compliment Warrior characters well, smart races are great for wizards, speed races suit stealth characters well, and social races compliment social character builds excellently.
Strong Races
Animal/Creature (Large), Beast Demon Thing, Dwarf, Flame Golem, Gargoyle/Steel Person, Giant, Giant Insect, Monkey, and Monster, and Robot. 
Intelligent Races
Alien, Dragon, Elf, Magical Orb, and Ooze. 
Speed Races
Animal/Creature (Small), Cat Woman, Electrical Elemental, Half-Elf, Halfling, and Rarair Thief.
Social Races
Mouse Man, Satyr/Faun/Centaur, and Siren/Nymph/Dryad.
Any Races
Animated Object, Frost Elemental, Human, Immortal, Plant Creature/Tree Being, Undead, and Water Elemental. 
Alien
Aliens are little weirdoes from another world. They are frequently depicted as short hairless blue or green men with big heads and eyes. While physically weak, aliens tend to be more advanced and intelligent than other species. There are some aliens who are just really big, scream a lot, and occasionally have acid for blood. If you want to play one of those aliens, you might want to just change the name of Beast Demon Thing and use that instead.
Natural Weaponry:  1d4
0 Technology: Skill: You have a thorough understanding of advanced technology and the universe. You gain +3 to all knowledge based skills and gain one technological item at the GM’s discretion.
1 Superior Intellect: Bonus: You should come up with one power the GM will select for you which you can gain from a purely technological source. You gain +2 to all mental based skills and saving throws. 
Animal/Creature (Small)
Small animals can be anything from birds to mice. Small creatures can be: fairies, goblins, insects, or anything else you can imagine. Usually, they don’t make very playable characters, but the opportunities that arise from playing a small creature can be many. Small animals don’t look very threatening and most people assume they’re not dangerous. That, combined with natural abilities and magic, means a small animal could be a dangerous opponent. Play this race if you want to be a: fairy, small animal, cat, dog, wolf, viper, falcon, miniature robot, or some other kind of small creature.
Natural Weaponry: 1d4
0 Small Size: Skill: You gain +4 stealth. Your starting carrying capacity is always ½ normal. Quick: Free Action: You can roll 1d20 and on 11-20 dodge one attack against you per battle as your dart between legs. You cannot wear armor or wield very large weapons.
1 Transform: Full Round: You can transform into one small animal/creature form and a human shape. If you skip your 0 point free power, you may take Transformation for free instead.
You may only add one of the below specific creature powers:
2 Flight and Fairy Dust: Bonus: You have the natural ability to fly because you’re a small bird. You cannot cast spells, use most items, or use any power without GM approval. Your movement rate while flying is 24. Once per adventure on 11-20 as a free action you can mind control one foe (for one round only) with fairy powder. You must be a fairy to take this second ability.
3 Tunnel: Skill: +3 smell bonus to perception. You can tunnel and burrow underground. 
4 Fleet of Foot: Skill: Your movement rate is x2.
5 Graceful: Skill: +4 balance, +1 movement, night vision, and +4 jump.
6 Bird of Prey: Skill: +4 Perception (keen eyesight) and flight at 24 movement. However, you cannot use most items, you can’t cast spells, and you can only take powers at the GM’s discretion.
7 Tree Climber: Skill: +4 climb and fast climbing ability at x2 normal climb speed. Acrobatics +4.
Animal/Creature (Large)
Play a large animal or creature if you want to be a: lion, tiger, bear, oxen, horse, gorilla, or some other kind of large and intimidating creature. 
Natural Weaponry: 1d8
0 Natural Physical Strength: Attack and Bonus: +1 A. +3 D. with your natural weapons only. You gain +2 to all strength based skills.
1 Natural Toughness: Bonus: +7 hp. +14 hp instead if you spend two power points.
2 Animal Benefits: Skill: Other animal related abilities: smell, jump, balance, stealth, etc. Depends on which animal you are. Check with the GM. You get these skills for free and at +2 on two skills or +4 on one. 
3 Transform: Full Round: You can transform into one large animal form and a human shape. If you skip your 0 point free power, you may take Transformation for free instead.
4 Keen Predator: Attack: If you attack with surprise in your natural form and use a natural weapon to attack you deal +2d6 damage when you confirm a hit. This can only ever apply to the first attack of a battle.
Animated Object
Animated objects are any normal object you can imagine which has sentience usually through magic. This could be a: bookcase, table, chair, chest, lamp, paper airplane, book, sword or whatever. Your options for creating an animated object character are almost limitless. It’s generally assumed you have some way to speak and communicate with others.
Natural Weaponry: 1d6
0 Immunities: Bonus: +7 hp if you’re a large object. See Robot for various immunities. You don’t require sleep, food, water, or air. You can move even if your form normally couldn’t. You can be anything up to the size of a large oven.
1 Hide as Object: Skill: You can fake being a normal inanimate object of your type at +10 to the roll. 
2 Transform: Full Round: You have two forms. One is an object and the other is your normal human form. You must trade your ‘0’ point free power to take this power in exchange.
3 Made of Glass/Paper: Skill: -5 starting hp but you gain +4 stealth from either being see-through or being able to fold yourself along a vertical plane. If you’re made of paper you can hide in books or fold up into people’s pockets. If you’re made of glass you can shape change into a mirror or any reflective surface.
Beast Demon Thing
Beast Demon Things cover a wide range of demons, beast monsters, and other various large creatures who probably want to eat you and are very strong. Play a Beast Demon Thing if you want to be physically imposing and pretty much kick butt. Usually Beast Demon Things have horns and are extremely hairy and anti-social with incredibly buff muscles, but this could just be coincidence.
Natural Weaponry: 1d8
0 Thick Scales: Skill and Bonus: +5 hp at first level only. +4 intimidate. Infra-vision (you can see in the dark). Teleport: Full Round: Once per adventure you can teleport to any one location as a full round action. You must designate this location when you take this power. You gain +2 to all strength based skills.
1 Natural Weapons: Attack: +1 A. +3 D. with any weapon including your own claws or bite. You must specify which weapon when you take this power and it must be a melee weapon. 
2 Ferocious: Attack: Once per encounter immediately add +2d6 damage to any hit you just confirmed.
Cat Woman
Cat women are frequently up to your elbow in height with tabby stripes and long whiskers. Their ears droop when they’re sad. When they’re angry, the ears go back and they hiss. They purr when they’re happy. They also have large Manga eyes.
Play a cat woman if you want to be an amazing acrobat, quick as a whip, and be able to say ‘meow’ really well. Cat women and men have superior reflexes and manual dexterity. They are often very fast, very silent, and very deadly. Cat people make ideal spies, warriors, and thieves. They also look very cute and purr when they’re happy. 
Natural Weaponry: 1d6
0 Cat Skills: Skill and Bonus: +2 balance, climb, use rope, jump, escape artist, perception (listen), and acrobatics. +1 attack from speed. You start with -5 hp at first level. You gain +2 to all reflex saves.
1 Speed of the Cat: Attack and Bonus: +1 A. +2 D. from claws. Bonus speed +1 movement. +2 jump and +2 climb. +2 acrobatics. +5 hp at first level. +2 balance.
2 Stealth of the Cat: Attack and Bonus: +2 stealth. Pounce: Once per encounter +2d6 damage on the first attack in a battle if it’s a hit and you’re using your natural weapons.
Dragon
Dragons are some of the most powerful, magical, and intelligent creatures around. They frequently live for many centuries if not slain, have vast treasure hoards and territories, they can fly, have armored skin, see through all illusions, and pretty much kick butt on all grounds. The drawback? If you play a dragon as a character you start out very young and weak and there’s always the fact that pretty much everyone wants to kill dragons so if you’re discovered you’re dead. The GM may ban dragons as a playable race if he feels uncomfortable with them in the campaign.
Natural Weaponry: 1d8 
0 Young Dragon: Bonus: You are an outcast of the dragons. Most dragons will not aid you and will attack on sight. Dragons are universally feared and hated by most peoples so you’re not much better off with humans or other civilizations. Your only chance is usually to take on a humanoid form until you grow larger and more powerful and can either prove yourself to the humans or reclaim your place among the dragons. Lower all reactions by one factor.
0 Dragon Age: Bonus: You start out as a very young hatchling dragon. You’re only slightly larger than a human in dragon form. Many of your powers are weak, you haven’t established a hoard, and you’re still learning your abilities but you’re very smart. As the campaign progresses you become older, stronger, and wiser. This has no direct in-game effect unless the GM specifically allows and gives the other players boons to compensate them as well. At Legendary level it is assumed you’ve survived long enough to reach large size: approximately that of a horse or small house in dragon form. At Epic level you may become the size of a young adult dragon: roughly the size of a modern house or larger if the GM will allow. Unless the campaign goes beyond 32nd level you will probably never become an ancient and huge dragon through the course of normal game-play.
1 Humanoid Shape Change: Full Round: You can change into one humanoid shape.
2 Dragon Breath: Full Attack: You can breath fire or a similar deadly substance. Once per encounter strike up to 4 foes with only one attack back on you for failure. This breath weapon deals 2d6 damage on any hits.
3 Dragon Scales: Bonus: You’re natural armor is 2-4 with no armor check penalties. In a few hundred years if you survive it may get stronger but this should be outside the scope of the campaign or adjudicated carefully by the GM.
4 Dragon Senses: Skill and Bonus: You receive +3 to all perception checks and can see through all magical illusions and invisibility. You gain vibration sense which means you can see by vibrations in the ground.
5 Eat People: Attack: Whenever you roll a 7-8 on a natural weapon damage roll instantly add +2d6 chewing damage to that hit.
6 Flight: Bonus: You can fly at movement rate 24. While flying you can’t cast spells or use any other magical abilities whatsoever. You must be in dragon form to fly and this provokes most creatures giving you a -2 to reactions. You can still be targeted by attacks in the air if you can also attack from the air. If you take any damage you immediately fall and can’t use fly again for the rest of the adventure. You take 1d6 damage x 10 ft. fallen. Bonus: At Legendary level you can use fly again after falling. At Epic level you don’t fall from the sky when you take damage because you’ve become large enough to sustain damage and maintain flight.
7 Magical Abilities: Bonus: Dragons are highly magical and intelligent creatures (most of the time). The GM should pick and give you one magical power from the book. You may say what kind of power you’d like but it’s up to the GM which power to give you. 
8 Dragon Size Advancement: Bonus: When your size increases through Dragon Age at Legendary and again at Epic level the GM may award you any one of the following: natural armor 2-6, a new magical ability, more targets or damage with breath weapon, increased natural weapon damage, increase number of natural attacks such as a double attack natural weapon only power, or improved eat people damage or chance. Any such advances should be balanced evenly with powers the rest of the group has in some way.
Dwarf
Dwarves are strong, tough, and honor-bound. They love: gold, fighting, women, booze, and generally yelling loudly and making a mess. This pretty much makes them ideal adventurers. Dwarves are famous for great craftsmanship of weapons, armors, and all metal materials. They’re also fantastic engineers and stone carvers. They can see in the dark and they’re short and have beards. Dwarves famously hate elves, orcs, giants, and…pretty much everyone else, come to think of it. Individual dwarves may change their opinion of people, but this usually takes a long time. They’re incredibly stubborn and resistant to most poisons.
Natural Weaponry: 1d4
0 Stone Sense: Full Round, Skill, and Bonus: Up to three times per adventure spot a trap or secret door on a roll of 11-20 on 1d20 when you declare you’re looking for them in stonework. +2 stonework skills and navigation underground. Dark vision: you can see in the dark.
1 Axe Power: Attack: +1 A. +3 D. with axe. 
2 Armor Power: Bonus and Skill: You can wear heavy armor over long distances and you take no penalties to skills or movement from armor. +2 appraise metalwork and gold etc. +5 hp from being tough. You are immune to poison. Add +2 to your physical saving throws to a maximum of +5 as usual.
3 Run In Berserkly: Full Attack: Roll a single melee attack roll against up to 10 foes within 20 ft. of you. You take only ½ damage from any foes who hit you back. You can only use this power once per adventure. 
4 Go Berserk: Free Attacks: Once per adventure take 2 additional free melee attacks with no attacks back on you. If you hit with any of these attacks deal +2d6 damage from berserk rage.
Electrical Elemental
Electrical elements are incredibly fast beings made of pure electricity. They can move like lightning and transmit electrical power by touch to activate machinery and harm their foes. Most electrical elements could make a fine business as shock troops or thieves. Electrical elementals hail from another dimension and are fairly rare in the world.
Natural Weaponry: 1d8 electrical blasts. Range 60 ft.
0 Electrical Blasts: Attack and Bonus: +1 A. +2 D. with lightning or energy blasts. You gain a +2 bonus to all speed based skills and reflex saving throws.
1 Electrical Skin: Bonus: Anyone who touches your skin takes 1d6 points of electrical damage. This damage transmits through steel or other conductors for 1 additional power point (total of two).
2 Teleport: Full Round: Once per adventure teleport to any one location you can see normally without magical aid as long as there are no intervening physical obstacles.
3 Activate: Full Round: You can empower by touch any mechanical device which will immediately start if you transferred enough power. Large machines may sap your life force if you do this. Once per adventure you can deactivate a small mechanical device like a lock or trap.
4 Conduct: Move: You can travel up to your movement rate along metal and pure water surfaces as energy. This lets you hop intervening distances in a split second but requires your full move to do so. This may let you bypass some obstacles and guards but you still need to see where you’re going and people can see where the energy travels. You can still be hurt in energy form.
5 Store: Move: You can store yourself in any small metal object down to the size of a water canteen. While so stored you give sparks off the item but heal 1 hp per hour per 5 levels you possess. It’s also easier to conceal you this way and if another character uses you as a weapon you do +2 damage.
Elf
Elves are famously beautiful and hairless. Kind of like those creepy white rats with the red eyes. They are famous for their craftsmanship of wood, love of living things, and disdain for the dwarves and orcs. Elves are masters of magic, sword play, and they’re legendary with bows. They live practically forever and they are famously aloof and annoying. They have pointed ears and frequently raise their eyebrows quizzically at the shenanigans of more outgoing party members. Play an elf if you want to be an ancient and wise master of the bow, magic, and the forest.
Natural Weaponry: 1d4
0 Wood Sense: Skill and Bonus: +2 stealth and woodlands knowledge. Immune to charms, illusions, invisibility, and compulsions. +3 hearing bonus to perception. Enhanced speed: +1 movement. +2 singing, music, art, and magical art. You gain the forging skill and the magic broad skill for free and may attempt to craft one minor magic item per adventure. See Chapter Twelve: Magic Item Crafting for details. You gain +2 to mental based saves and +2 to reflex based saves.
1 Bow Power: Attack and Bonus: +1 A. +3 D. with a bow. +1 A. +2 D. with a sword. Light elven armor means you take no penalties to movement or skills while wearing elven armor. Magic Sense: +1 all magic related rolls and you’re allowed 1 bonus weak magic power chosen by the GM. 
2 Elf Skills: Skill: +2 to stealth in the woods, +2 to acrobatics, +2 to music, +3 to all knowledge skills, and +2 to animal lore. Quickness: Free Action: Once per battle you may either make one free attack with no attacks back on you or roll a dodge against a single attack and avoid that attack on a roll of 11-20 on 1d20.
3 Stealth Strike: Attack: If you attack an opponent unaware of you add +2d6 to the damage of your first attack against that target. You can only use this power up to once per battle.
4 Wizardry: Bonus: You may take any one power from the wizard class which you could purchase and use at first level which isn’t fire based. 
5 Animal Companion: Bonus: You gain a loyal Type I Minion Henchmen Pet. In addition, you have an infinite range telepathic and sight link with this animal companion familiar and it is of above average intelligence allowing you to direct it mentally as you desire if it feels like cooperating. 
Flame Golem
Flame Golems and flame elementals are beings wreathed in fire. They can have whatever appearance you desire, but the flame golems are the beings of rock, stone, and fire most famous of the title. Most people run away from a flame golem and rightly so. They are strong, aggressive, tough, and have a command of fire. This makes flame golems dangerous and strong opponents.
Natural Weaponry: 1d8 fireballs. Range 60 ft. single target.
0 Flame Immunity: Bonus: You are immune to all heat and flames. Your rock hard golem skin gives you a +5 hp damage shield. Until damage surpasses your damage shield you haven’t been actually hurt yet.
1 Immunities: Bonus: No need for air, food, or water. Needs repair: see Robot. +2 strength based skills and you can potentially smash through walls.
2 Flame Skin: Bonus: deals 1d6 flame damage to all who touch you. Additionally, once per encounter you can flare out as a free attack against one foe and deal 1d6 flame damage on a hit.
3 Fire Blasts: Full Attack: Ranged 60 ft. +1 A. 2d6 D. and catches people/weapons on fire/melts them.
4 Create Flame: Free Action: You can spontaneously create a small flame in your hand.
5 Fire Ball: Full Magical Attack: Once per encounter roll a single magical attack roll against up to 5 targets. Only one may attack you back even if you fail the risk rating of two or more of them. You deal your standard natural weaponry damage on any hits.
Frost Elemental
From the tiny snow imps to the mighty frost giants, frost elementals are a force to be reckoned with. The standard frost being is of normal human size with white skin and frost for hair. Frost elementals are also known as absolute zero frost men. They are the sworn enemies of the flame golems and usually attack them on sight. Most frost elementals are only at home on their native dimension and in the frigid lands to the north and far south.
Natural Weaponry: Frost Touch 1d6
0 Immune to cold: Bonus: You are not harmed by any cold or frost effects or attacks.
1 Turn Person to Ice: Full Magical Attack: 11-20 freezes one person into an ice cube for 2d6 freezing damage and reduces their movement to 0 for 2 rounds. You can use this power once per encounter.
2 Frost Storm: Full Round Magic: deals 1d6 damage to all foes in a 40 ft. radius as long as you maintain concentration and take no other actions. If it’s unclear how many creatures this would hit it can affect up to 20. You can use this power once per adventure.
3 Frost Skin: Bonus: 1d6 damage to those who touch you. You can chill weapons for +1d6 damage temporarily, up to 5 weapons may be effected for 1 hour each. You can use this power only once per adventure. Chill metal: Full Round: This contracts steel and may cause +1d6 damage to those wearing full metal armor when you use a natural attack. It can also be used to break some steel objects. You can use chill metal up to four times per adventure.
4 Frost: Full Magical Attack: Once per encounter you can shoot a frost ball as a magical attack at range 60 ft. and target up to 5 opponents. Even if you fail the RR of 2 or more with your single attack roll you still are only hit back by one opponent. You deal magical frost damage equal to your natural weaponry damage on any hits. 
Variants: Ice Crystal Man, Snow Queen/King, Ice Lady, Snow Man, Ice Giant (add giant powers). Elemental: Choose one elemental type and adapt the powers to suit. 
Gargoyle/Steel Person
If you want to play a guy encased in solid steel, a being made of iron, a gargoyle, or a stone statue; you’ve come to the right place. Although being made of rock or steel can have its drawbacks (like sinking) the benefits are usually well worth it. Most soldiers think twice before attacking a guy made of rock.
Natural Weaponry: Rock Fist 1d6
0 Toughness/Rock Skin: Bonus: +5 hp. Reduce all damage you take by 2 to a minimum of one when struck with attacks which would bounce off you’re physically hard skin. You gain +2 to all physical based saving throws.
1 Immunity: Bonus: Immunity to thirst, hunger, lack of air etc. For one power point per immunity you can also be immune to one of the following: fire, frost, electricity, or acid.
2 Extra Strength: Bonus and Attack: You gain +2 to strength based skills. +1 A. and +3 D. with melee weapons.
3 Defender: Move: Once per battle negate any one physical attack which would hit you or any nearby ally within 10 ft. The attack bounces harmlessly off your skin.
Giant
There are many kinds of giants: big giants, small giants, two-headed giants, tyrannosaurus rexes, giant teddy bears, and—of course—Godzilla. The GM should use caution when allowing this race into the game because giant death lizards frequently cause problems when they step on the bar or can’t fit their head in the dungeon. If the idea of being a huge giant who can step on people and squish them appeals to you, this may be the race for you.
Natural Weaponry: Extreme Strength 1d8
0 Giant Size: Bonus: +5 hp and +1 movement from extreme size. You also triple your carrying capacity base number. You take -5 to stealth but +2 to intimidate.
1 Giant Strength: Attack: A. +1 D. +1 from size and strength. If you wield a giant club you deal 1d10 damage instead of 1d8.
2 Giant Skills: Attack and Bonus: You gain +2 to strength based skills but take a -2 penalty to your mental and social based skills. Stomp: Full Attack: Once per adventure you can step on someone. This deals 3d6 damage on a hit. 
3 Roar Really Loudly: Full Round: Anyone who’s not daft runs away. Roll 1d20 vs. the RR of anyone who can see and hear you once per adventure and anyone hit takes a -2 fear penalty to all rolls for the rest of the encounter or runs away. +4 intimidate.
4 Very Tough: Bonus: +7 hp per power point you spend on this power.
5 Eat Whole: Bonus: When you roll a 7, 8, or 9 on your bite natural weapon damage immediately add +2d6 damage to that attack as you chew the target up. 
6 Godzilla: Full Attack: Flame Breath: Godzilla can spit flame once per encounter on up to 4 foes with only one attack back. This flame does damage equal to your natural weaponry damage to each foe.
Giant Insect
Giant insects can be: giant ants, giant bees, giant preying mantises, or any other kind of insect of huge size you could want to play. With insane speed, crazy natural weapons, and the ability to walk on walls; giant insects make a great character for being physically insane. Play a giant insect if you want to be a fierce and bizarre creature with lethal natural abilities.
Natural Weaponry: Stinger/Bite 1d8
0 Exoskeleton: Bonus: +7 hp. You have a hard exoskeleton. You cannot manipulate ordinary objects and start with no regular equipment (i.e. swords and such like). You can take +14 hp instead of +7 hp for 1 extra power point.
1 Flight: Bonus: You can fly but you can’t cast spells, use most items, and you must check with the GM before taking this power because flight can unbalance the game. Your flying movement rate is 24.
2 Eat People: Attack: Whenever you hit someone with a natural attack and roll a 7 or 8 on your d8 immediately add 2d6 damage as you chew up the target.
3 Speed: Full Round: 3 actions per turn once per adventure with only 1 attack back on you.
4 Natural Weapon(s): Attack: +1 A. +3 D. with your natural weapons only.
5 Venom: Attack: Whenever you hit with a natural attack roll 1d20 and on an 18-20 you’ve poisoned the target. The target instantly takes +2d6 damage and an additional +2d6 damage on the next two rounds. You can only use this power successfully once per adventure. 
6 Webbing: Full Round: You can only take this power if you’re a giant spider. Webbing reduces the movement of up to 5 foes to 0 for 2 rounds once per battle. The foes must be of difficult rating or lower for this to work on them and you must roll 1d20 vs. their RRs to hit, but with only one attack back on you. 
7 Insect Climb: Skill: You gain +5 to climb and can walk on all non-slick solid surfaces including ceilings.
Half-Elf
On occasion an elf will fall in love with a human or vice versa. On even rarer occasions they both fall in love and you end up with a half-elf. This has been known to happen even more rarely with orcs, giants, goblins, and any other weird creature combination you can think of. Feel free to change the flavor description to something that suits your tastes and mix in some powers from the Monster race entry if the GM allows.
Natural Weaponry: 1d4
0 Outcast: You are shunned both by the humans and the elves. Take a -2 social penalty to all reactions among those races unless the area is particularly tolerant. Of course, you’re much more accepted than weird monsters, but you tend to have a bad attitude to make up for that. You also gain +2 to mental based saves. Magic: Once per adventure add +2d6 damage to any magic attack damage against a single foe. Stealth: You gain access to the thievery skills and once per adventure deal +1d6 damage with a sneak attack against an unsuspecting foe. Streetwise: You gain the streetwise skill at +2 for free.
1 Diplomat: You have overcome your bad attitude and the prejudices of your peoples. This makes you the ultimate ambassador between the races. Other races including monsters are more friendly to you because you’re an outcast just like them and not ‘one of them’. You gain +3 to all diplomacy rolls and negate the -2 penalty from Outcast above.
2 Fast Learner: Just like your human parent you’re a master of many trades and pick things up more quickly. Gain one bonus skill and you purchase skills outside of your skill access for 1,500 experience points instead of 2,000 experience points.
3 Rogue Skills: You grew up hating the law and gain +2 to all thievery skills. In addition, once per battle when you attack an unsuspecting target deal +2d6 damage to that target.
Halfling
Halflings can be the traditional small-sized creature with curly-haired feet or they can be much more. You can play a: goblin, gnome, leprechaun, or pretty much any other miniature guy with this class. What the appeal of playing a little short guy who wants to stay at home and eat comfortably is, I’m not quite sure. However, mini-person characters have always been a popular choice and you’ll find that choice in spades here.
Natural Weaponry: 1d4
0 Tough Small Dude: Bonus: +4 to stealth. ½ starting carrying capacity. You cannot use massive or master weapons. You gain +2 to all saves to the usual maximum of +5. Recover: Free Action: Once per adventure you may instantly heal yourself 3d6 hp.
1 Lucky: Free Action: Once per adventure per level tier re-roll any one dice roll. You must take the result of the second roll even if it’s lower. You can never get beyond 3 uses of lucky at epic level.
2 Naturally Stealthy: Free Action: Whenever you make a stealth check to hide without moving roll 1d20 vs. the foes RR in addition to your normal stealth skill check. If successful you aren’t spotted by that foe. You can only use this power up to three times per adventure.
You may take one of the below abilities based on your race:
3 Gnome Illusions: Bonus: The GM should give you any one power from the Illusionist class. 
4 Leprechaun: Bonus: The GM should give you any one power from a magic subtype class. Additionally, you gain the forging skill for free and may attempt to craft one minor magic item per adventure. See Chapter Twelve for rules on crafting magic items.
5 Goblin Rogue: Skill and Attack: +2 steal. +2 stealth. Dark vision (you can see in the dark). Once per battle when you strike with surprise add +2d6 to your damage.
6 Halfling Toughness: Bonus: +7 hp. You can re-roll one saving throw per adventure and take the better result.
Human
It has been said that the only reason anyone would play anything but a human is for power. This may be true or it may be false, but the fact remains that humans are one of the most popular choices for a character. Humans are the most identifiable, the most common, and the most normal characters you can play. 95% of everyone you meet in the game will probably be human so playing one isn’t a bad strategy. The versatility of skill bonus selection doesn’t hurt either.
Natural Weaponry: 1d4
0 Human Versatility: Skill: You gain +4 to any one skill you choose which hasn’t been boosted by any other power yet. You also gain 1 additional starting skill for free.
1 Picked Up: With the GM’s permission, you may take any one racial power from any race. Adapt its description as necessary. You can’t generally take things such as immunity to poison, lack of air, hunger, and thirst.
Immortal
Immortals are extremely powerful beings who live forever. They may eventually ascend to become powerful extra-planar beings, possibly at the end of the campaign. Classic immortals are: Hercules, Zeus, Thor, Hades, and Winnie the Pooh. Play an immortal if you like the idea of having super powers or hailing from strange realms while living forever.
Natural Weaponry: 1d4
0 Unaging: Bonus: You do not age. You may choose one color and glow that color at-will if you wish, but this is optional and can be turned on and off.
1 Immortal: Free Action: Once per adventure you can come back to life when you’d normally die or reach 0 hp or lower. You revert to 10 hp and may continue as normal. If you die again on this adventure you really do die.
2 Dimensional Travel: Full Round: From your realm to Olympus or equivalent etc. Usually has a requirement like finding mount Olympus, etc. This power is a one way, full round action teleport to one area. You cannot get back unless you find another means of doing so.
3 Super Strength: Attack: +1 A. +3 D. from attacks that use your strength usually in melee or with thrown weapons. You gain +2 to all strength based skills.
4 Immunity: Bonus: No need for food, water, or rest etc.
5 Flight: Bonus: At the epic level tier you gain the ability to fly at movement 24. If you are struck for any damage while flying you fall and take 1d6 damager per 10 ft. fallen. Flight does not automatically make you immune to melee attacks as foes can sometimes throw their weapons at you.
6 Toughness: Bonus: +7 hp per 1 point spent. You can only buy this power at first level and to a max of 21 total bonus hp.
7 Cosmic Powers: Varies: Pay as you go, or work out with GM. This is an empty power left up to your imagination. Usually it involves being in control of the movement of the sun/moon or being able to unleash Titans or something upon the earth/jump 100k miles in a single bound once per adventure. Check with your GM for details. 
Magical Orb
Magical orbs are just that: floating balls of bright magic roughly 1 ft. in diameter. They can still be harmed by normal means and they can’t fly; only hover. The ability to float around is mostly a cosmetic power, it doesn’t let you dodge attacks or fly but it could be useful for getting over chasms. You can pretty much see in all directions, but if you want to hold anything you’d better take a telekinetic skill power or play the telekinetic class.
Natural Weaponry: Shock Touch 1d6
0 Immunity: Bonus: Immune to hunger, thirst, lack of air.
1 Minor Magic: Skill and Bonus: You gain the minor magic skill for free at +4. You gain a +2 bonus to mental based saves. 
2 Flight: Bonus: You can fly at movement rate 24. However, you also can’t use most items, armor or weapons, and you cannot cast spells. If you want to be able to cast spells you can only hover around near the ground and cannot use flight for any special benefits. Choose one when you take this power.
3 360 Degree Vision: Skill and Bonus: You can see in all directions and gain +2 perception from this. You can also see through all illusions, enchantments, cannot be mind controlled, and you have true sight.
Monkey
Play this character if you want to be the classic: ape/monkey/chimp in a tree. Monkeys are some of the most identifiable characters to play because they’re hairy, strong, and eat bananas much like body builders. Hooting loudly and walking around naked in public are also great side benefits.
Natural Weaponry: 1d6
0 Monkey Skills: Skill, Bonus, and Attack: Climb +3, Tree swinging +3. +5 hp at first level. +1 A. +2 D.
1 Hairy Ape: Bonus: You gain x 2 starting carrying capacity base number. You gain +3 intimidate when hooting loudly. Your great strength allows you to re-roll two strength based skill rolls every adventure. You gain +2 to all strength based skills.
2 Fling: Attack: Once per battle you can fling someone your size or smaller up to two grid squares or 20 ft. and if they hit a solid object they take an additional +2d6 damage from this.
Mouse Man
Mouse men are normal sized people who are completely covered in fur and whiskers. They are frequently considered ‘cute’ and are famous for their goodwill, peace, healing of strangers, and biting the heads off people. Play a mouse man if you want to bring peace to the world or bite the heads off people.
Natural Weapons: 1d4
0 Whiskers: Bonus and Skill: Dark vision: you can see in the dark. Scurry: +1 movement. Hearing: perception +3. +2 to all social based skills.
1 Extremely Good-Looking Whiskers: Skill: +2 to Looks skill which you get for free or seduction skill at +2 for free, your choice.
2 Bite Head off Person: Attack: Once per battle you can viciously bite someone in the head for +2d6 damage when you successfully confirm an unarmed strike.
3 Gold Hand Healing: Full Magic: If a character took damage you may once per battle attempt to heal that character. Roll 1d20 and on an 11 or higher heal that character 2d6 hp. If you already have the healing power from being a Healer add +1d6 to all healing powers. You can use healing a maximum number of 10 times per adventure no matter how many healing powers you have. You must touch someone to heal them.
4 Restoration: Full Round: Up to three times per adventure cure any one affliction on a character you can touch as a full round action. Afflictions are: poison, curses, diseases, etc. You must touch someone to restore them.
Monster
Monster is a generic term which covers a lot of races you could play from the mighty troll to the suicidal and stupid orc. Monsters share two things in common: 1. they’re nasty little sods and 2. humans hate them. With time and effort, you may change this bad rap for your character, but the legacy of your race will probably follow you everywhere new you go.
Natural Weapons: 1d8
0 Monster Reputation: Bonus: Little kids scream and run away from you. Most humans think you’re an ugly, hairy, sharp-toothed lunatic out for blood when this may only be the case some of the time. You take a -1 to all reaction ratings in ‘normal’ lands and most civilized races hate you. With time and effort you may change this perception especially with those who know you. You gain +2 to all strength based skills but -2 to all social based skills. You gain +4 intimidate.
1 Multi-Carry: Bonus: because of having more than 2 limbs you can carry multiple objects in your ‘hands’ tentacles or whatever. This gives you no combat benefit but it may be useful for carrying a shield, light source, potion, and multiple weapons all at the same time. Add 60 lbs. to your carrying capacity.
2 Appendages: Bonus: For each power point you spend you have 1 extra limb beyond 2. For each additional limb past 2 you gain 1 extra attack (or one-handed action) per encounter. Your extra attack must be a single basic attack (melee) not a magical, ranged, or multi-attack power. Every time you take a hit which deals more than 5 damage you lose one of your limbs which grows back in 1 week. At 1 limb you take a -2 to all your actions. At 0 you cannot attempt any actions involving your limbs. You cannot start with more than 6 limbs or increase this number at later levels.
3 360 Degree Vision: Bonus: from having loads of eyeballs. +2 perception and you can see in all directions. You can also see through all illusions, enchantments, and you cannot be mind controlled.
4 Tough: Bonus: +7 hp. For 1 extra power point you can take +14 hp instead of +7. You double your initial carrying capacity base number.
5 Regenerate: Bonus: Regenerate 1 hp per hour. Restore lost limbs at a rate of one per day. 
6 Strong: Attack: +1 A. +2 D. with melee and strength based attacks.
7 Orc Brained: Attack and Skill: You take a -2 penalty to all mental based skills but gain +2 damage with strength based weapons. You also gain +4 to the intimidate skill.
Ooze
Play an ooze if you want to basically be a little puddle of jelly who can burn people with acid skin and slip under things. Oozes come in many sizes and shapes but they are usually at least semi-liquid. To engulf something, you actually have to be bigger than it.
Natural Weaponry: Acid Touch 1d6
0 Ooze Qualities: Bonus: +7 hp, Slow: -1 movement. For 1 extra power point you can take +14 hp instead of +7 hp. You gain +2 to all mental based saves.
1 Engulf: Full Attack: Roll 1d20 vs. the foe’s RR. On a hit, deal 1d6 acid damage + 1d6 acid damage each round thereafter in which you succeed on another check. Each additional check is a free action for you. You can only engulf one creature at a time and it must be of medium size or smaller. 
2 Acid Skin: Bonus: Your skin deals 1d6 damage to anyone who touches you and can possibly melt weapons. This stacks with engulf.
3 Liquid Morph: Full Round: You can turn to liquid and slip under things. Up to three times per adventure you may morph into a liquid state and control your movement to either hide as a pool of water at +10 or get under any object liquid could infiltrate. You can stay in liquid form for up to 10 minutes at which time you must revert to normal. While in liquid form you can do nothing but move.
Plant Creature/Tree Being
Plant Creatures and tree beings are odd creatures who frequently live in the woods. Most of them can speak by some means recognizable to humans and move around, if slowly. They usually hate fire and wood cutters, but get along famously with elves and other creatures of the forest. They are often guardians of the woods and have strange and mystical abilities of plant control and growth.
Natural Weapons: 1d6
0 Immunity and Plant Communication: Bonus: You do not need food, but you do need water, soil, and sunlight. You can talk with all plants and trees. Plants and trees may be able to tell who came this way and what’s happened in the area over the past couple of hundred years. You are immune to standard poisons. You’re movement is ½ normal rounded up. You take x2 damage from fire.
1 Killer Attack Plant: Attack: +1 A. +2 D.
2 Animate Plants: Full Round: You can animate nearby plants as your action on a turn to attack and entangle your foes. Up to 4 foes receive -2 to their RRs from the entangling vines and take 1d6 damage each on the 3rd round if they haven’t escaped (as determined by the GM). You can only use this power once per battle.
3 Absorb Nutrients: Full Round: When you’re rooted in one spot (no movement) you gain +2 to all strength based rolls.
4 Photosynthesis: Bonus: When you are rooted in direct sunlight (no movement) you heal 1 hp every hour per 5 character levels you possess. 
5 Fragrance: Full Round: Once per adventure roll a 1d20 power roll against all foes within 20 ft. or 4 foes if it’s unclear how many that is. On any successes the creatures are lured towards you by a special fragrance. If you surpass their RRs by 10 or more they become your mind controlled slaves for the rest of the encounter and possibly the adventure as well if the GM allows.
6 Grow Plants: Full Round: Once per adventure you can grow plants in any direction you wish to break apart stone, doors, or make vine bridges or ladders up walls. This is essentially an accelerated growth of the plant and can’t usually be used directly as an attack. Only one object up to 10 cubic feet may be affected by this power or a 100 foot bridge 5 ft. wide created.
Rarair Thief
(Rare Air Thief, Rare Airian).
Rare Air thieves are a very uncommon race of people who make their homes in the sky. They are known for their thieving nature, fun personalities, and for being one of the few races which can naturally fly by magical ability.
Natural Weaponry: 1d4
0 Flight: Bonus: You can fly at movement rate 24. If you are hit while in the air you automatically fall and take 1d6 damage x 10 ft. fallen. You also can’t use fly again for the rest of the adventure if this happens. This is a magical ability and can be dispelled by anti-magic. You are mostly immune to melee attacks when high in the air. Every time you are subject to any melee attack roll 1d20 and on 11 or higher that attack misses you if you’re in the air. You cannot be affected by any other magic spells or magic items while flying. You cannot cast spells while flying because it takes all of your concentration.
1 Steal: Skill and Bonus: you have +4 to the steal skill and get this skill for free. Tornado: Full Round: Once per encounter you can ‘blow’ a regular-sized person with a miniature tornado up to 2 grid squares of movement in any direction you choose (20 feet). If they’re ultra-powerful they get a save RR 10. You gain +2 to all reflex based saving throws.
2 Airborne Superiority: Attack: You deal +2d6 damage against any other creature that can fly and can outmaneuver all but the best flyers with your sneaky tactics and barrel rolls.
3 Roll with the Punches: Free Action: Reduce any one attack against you by 2d6 once per encounter.
4 Quick Steal: Free Action: Once per encounter make one steal attempt as a free action in addition to any other actions on the round. You steal this item or object so quickly people have a hard time seeing you do it.
Robot
Robots are mechanical beings made completely of steal, circuits, and other non-living matter. They can be of many shapes and sizes with various power systems, processors, and purposes. Most robots make uninteresting characters until you add in A.I. so all robots herein are actually self-aware or have been made so through magic. They often have an alien and strange mindset. Robots are most often both super strong and lightning fast of intellect, but have trouble understanding basic human concepts. As such, robots make a great player character if you feel up to it.
Natural Weaponry: 1d8
0 Robotic Skills: Bonus and Skill: +5 hp. Speed Intellect: you can make mental calculations at least at twice normal speed but your social skills aren’t great. Infra-vision (see in the dark). 360 degree vision/detection: +2 perception. Smash through walls and such because you’re made of steel. You gain +1 to all saves but take a -2 penalty to your social skills. You gain a +2 to all strength based saves and skill rolls.
1 Robotic Traits: Bonus: you are immune to hunger, thirst, lack of air, minor extremes of heat and cold, and you don’t need sleep. You do need some form of energy to function and repairs on you can be lengthy and complicated. When you take damage beyond 5 points in a single hit you might get a malfunction up to the GM to determine until you repair. You sink in water and take x2 damage from electrical attacks.
2 Scanners: Bonus and Skill: You can detect all living beings within 60 ft. and constantly map out the area you’re in, based on internal software. You gain a +3 bonus to perception to spot surprise attacks and secret doors and you can make some guesses as to the structures you’re in and of what substance they’re made of.
3 Probes: Bonus: You are equipped with four small probes which you can create and repair. You have audio-visual links with the probes which can hover and fly only at max head height and fairly slowly. You can communicate by radio with the probes and the probes can transmit your voice as well. Probes are RR 10 and have 1 hp and no attacks.
4 Weapons System: Attack: You have in-built, heat-guided missiles and laser rifles. These weapons only deal 1d8 damage but you can target them at long range (as determined by the GM) and use them to fry non-combat obstacles if you have enough power and ammunition.
5 Micro-Bots: Free Action: You have a team of microscopic robots which can repair both yourself and living tissue. These micro-bots can heal one person once per encounter 1d6 hp. You can also use them to make minute repairs on things which would otherwise be irreparable like you or cracked glass.
6 Data Banks: Skill: You have a massive storehouse of information. Your knowledge is encyclopedic and extensive. You gain +5 to all technological related skill rolls and are incredibly thorough in your approach if not innovative.
7 Extreme Strength and Accuracy: Attack: You gain +1 attack and +3 damage with strength based attacks. You receive +1 attack and +3 damage with all internal weapon system ranged attacks.
8 Turbo: Full Round: Once per adventure you may activate turbo to instantly take 3 actions before anyone else. Your Reflex is considered +5 maximum for purposes of initiative if necessary and you act before anyone else who isn’t lightning fast. You can use your 3 standard actions as attacks, moves, or whatever, but not as full round actions.
Alternates: Android, Construct, Golem, Skeleton, etc.
Satyr/Faun/Centaur
These creatures of the woods are famous for being part human with the lower half of some kind of animal like a horse, goat, or whatever. They are peaceful, friendly, and highly musical. However, when their homes are threatened they make fierce and crazed fighters. 
Natural Weaponry: 1d4
0 Musician: Bonus and Skill: +7 hp at first level. +2 musical instrument skill checks. You gain a +2 bonus to all social skills and mental saving throws.
1 Toughness: Bonus: +7 hp and movement 6 from being part horse/man/or goat (12 movement if Centaur but lose +7 hp from starting free power above). 
2 Bow Skill: Attack and Skill: +1 A. +2 D. with bows. +1 wilderness skills in forest. You gain skill access to all wilderness skills. +2 music based skills. 
3 Lore of Nature: 10 Minutes: Up to three times per adventure you may commune with nature taking ten minutes each time and receive answers to one general query each time. The answer may be cryptic or false, but if it’s for a good cause and it’s something that nature could have seen it will probably be answered accurately. For example: “Where did the men go who burned down the forest?” Yes. And: “Where’s the nearest big pile of gold?” No.
Siren/Nymph/Dryad
Sirens, Nymphs, and Dryads all have one thing in common: they’re gorgeously hot women who frequently lure men to their demise. While this may not be true of your character it is best to watch out as the uninformed may be suspicious or even hostile to you. Sirens are women of the sea, dryads women of the forest, and nymphs are basically just babes. If you want to play a male version of these characters, that would be freaking hilarious.
Natural Weaponry: 1d4
0 Swimming and Water Breathing: Skill and Bonus: Eats fish. +2 swim and you get the swim skill for free. Your swimming movement is 6. Alternately, you can take wilderness lore skill for free at +2 and stealth in the woods at +2. You gain the Looks or Seduction skill at +2 for free, your choice.
1 Siren Song/Beauty: Full Round: Once per adventure roll 1d20 vs. all foes within 20 ft. (or ten if it’s unclear how many that is). On each success that foe falls comatose as if asleep, stunned by your beauty or songs. 
2 Dryad Wood Walk: Full Round: Twice per adventure you can teleport between nearby trees up to your normal sight range.
Undead
Skeletons and other undead make popular player characters for various reasons. Most players like the idea of being a vampire, ghost, werewolf, zombie, or some other disgusting and gross dead guy who wants to bite you in the neck and probably smells very bad. Who knows why this is so. Choose a type of undead allowed by your GM when you take this race.
Natural Weaponry: 1d6
0 Immunities: Bonus: Immune to hunger, thirst, poison, lack of air or drowning. No need for sleep.
1 Unkillable: Bonus and Skill: Once per adventure you can revert to 10 hp when you would normally die or reach 0 hp or lower. If you die again this adventure you really do die. You also get the skill Fake Death at +4 for free. 
2 Fear: Free Action: Once per adventure roll 1d20 vs. the RR of all living foes within 20 ft. of you (or ten if it’s unclear how many that is). Any successes cause those foes to flee in screaming terror or else take a -2 penalty to their RR’s for the rest of the encounter. Also, they probably won’t attack you first because they fear you.
3 Minions: Bonus: Any foe you kill becomes your mind controlled slave. Usually you must bite them to do this. Any minions gained in this way become Type I undead henchmen minions under your control. You can have a max of 3 such minions active through this power. See Chapter Fourteen for more details.
4 Singular Weakness: Bonus: You cannot fall below one hp unless struck by your weakness or one of the following special weapons or attacks: sunlight, running water, holy symbol, wooden stake, holy water, garlic, or jelly doughnuts. Each of these things as well as your singular weakness can still kill you. Usually you sleep in a coffin during the day.
5 Ghost: Full Round: Once per adventure for one encounter you become insubstantial, flying 24, and invisible. You can pass through solid objects, cannot be seen by normal means, and you can fly at movement rate 24 for the duration of the encounter. However, you cannot affect anything in the material world and it cannot affect you. The one exception is magic. You cannot use any magic while in ghost form but magical affects can still target you. The Ghost power cannot be made permanent by any means. If you take this power you are a ghost and float around, but you can’t pass through walls or gain any other benefits of this power unless you activate it. You might be able to briefly pass your hand through a wall for flavour but nothing more unless you take additional powers and/or skills with your GM’s permission. You cannot ‘take the hit’ or anyone while insubstantial for obvious reasons.
6 Zombie: Bonus: -1 to movement but +5 to hp.
Water Elemental
Water elementals are beings of pure amorphous water. They can hide extremely well in liquids and fit into weird shapes. They also have the ability to throw water and similar on occasion. You can also be a mermaid or a fish person if you want. Simply change the flavor description.
Natural Weaponry: Water Blast 1d6
0 Water Being: Bonus: Water breathing, +4 swim, and Underwater Combat: you fight with no penalties underwater.
1 Water Globe: Full Round: Once per adventure target all foes within a 20 ft. sphere up to 60 ft. away (or ten if it’s unclear how many that is). Roll 1d20 vs. all their RR’s and on any successes those foes take 2d6 water damage as they’re encompassed in a globe of water. If you spend a full round action next turn they take an additional 2d6 damage if you succeed on another check (only those trapped in the sphere).
2 Shoot Water: Full Attack: Ranged 60 ft. +1 A. +3 D. based on your natural weaponry attack.
3 Water Morph: Full Round: You can turn to water and slip under things. Up to three times per adventure you may morph into a liquid state and control your movement to either hide as a pool of water at +10 or get under any object liquid could infiltrate. You can stay in liquid form for up to 10 minutes at which time you must revert to normal. While in liquid form you can do nothing but move. 
4 Spear Expert: Attack: +1 A. +2 D. trident, net, spear, or harpoon.
5 Speak With Sea Creatures: Bonus: Speak with sea creatures. They can probably tell you who passed this way before or the general layout of the sea.
Chapter Four: Skills

You may take any 6 skills from the categories listed in your classes’ Skill Access entry including the broad skill that governs them. There are three types of skills: Broad Skills (marked with bold), Specific Skills (any skill listed below that’s not a broad skill), and power/ability skills (a power you couldn’t afford on a class list or one of your own devising).
All broad skills start at +0, all specific skills start at +5, and all power skills start at -5. If you attempt to use any skill ‘untrained’ it’s at the regular modifier for that skill -5. So untrained: Broad -5, Specific +0, and Power/Ability -10.
A broad skill allows the use of all specific skills it covers at a +0 starting bonus and may be improved as usual. You can also have a broad as well as a specific skill of the same category. For example, Bob could have Athletics at +0 and Climb at +5. When making Climb skill checks he should use the specific skill, for all other Athletics skill checks he could use the Broad skill.
Part 4.1: How to Use Skills
Roll 1d20 and add your skill bonus. The RR of a skill is always determined by the GM and the GM may further arbitrarily impose any penalties, restrictions, results of success or failure, or automatic successes or failures he wants. All the RR ratings listed with the skills throughout the rest of this chapter are guidelines only. Further, while a power lets you dictate how the game will be played, any power which calls for a skill check or any pure skill check is always with an RR determined by the GM. While the rules might say you can seduce a monster with a roll of 30, the GM may impose penalties, disallow the seduction roll, or increase the RR to anything he wants on a case by case basis.
Skills should be used to do cool, but relatively reasonable things. You can do awesome things with skills too, but they shouldn’t be allowed to arbitrarily ruin the game or automatically let you mind control or defeat monsters. Friendly reactions and bonuses in battle are about the best most skills can usually do in fights or to cancel the fight and make it a role-playing encounter (success based on words, not dice rolls of any sort).
Skill Cap (Optional)
The maximum bonus you can get to a skill is 9 + your level. This is an optional rule and not necessary for most games.
Mental, Strength, Social, and Speed Skills
Skills listed as mental, strength, speed, or social are just for categorization purposes (some powers and races affect them). Usually the categorization of a broad skill applies to all specific skills it governs.
Part 4.2: Magic Skill Point
If you want to take any non-class listed skill, you pay double. Either 20k xp or 2 starting skill points. However, you may use one Magic Skill Point to take any one specific skill from any list as if it was a class skill you had access to.
Skill Mastery
If you fail at a skill by 10 or more something really bad happens. If you succeed at a skill by 10 or more something really good happens. Good/bad results are up to the GM but usually involve painful failure, incredibly extravagant success, or doing something really quickly or slowly. The GM may arbitrarily increase or decrease the skill mastery threshold as he sees fit on a case by case basis or permanently.
Part 4.3: Skills List
(in order of appearance)
Athletics: Unarmed Fighting, Climb, Run, Jump, Swim, Ride, Endurance, Smash, Knowledge (tactics), and Healing (10 skills); Acrobatics: Stunts, Dodging, Aim, Balance, and Escape Artist (5 skills); Magic: Spell Lore, Forging, Detection, and Minor Magics (4 skills); Thievery: Pick Lock, Trap Find, Trap Disable, Steal, and Stealth (stealth is a broad and a specific skill); General (Anyone may take): Perception, Knowledge Basic, Knowledge Local, and Languages (4 skills); Primaries (Anyone may take): Physical Strength, Mental Strength, Speed/Reflexes, Carrying Capacity, and Movement (6 skills); Social (Anyone may take): insight, bluff, diplomacy, intimidate, seduction, fashion/looks, dancing, singing, musical instrument, gambling, leadership, disguise, courage, streetwise, and haggle (15 skills); Knowledge (Anyone may take): appraise, knowledge, problem solve, tech use, hacking/jacking, driving/piloting, and create/repair (7 skills); Wilderness (mental) hunting/tracking, survival, animal lore, and plant lore (4 skills).
Athletics Broad Skill (strength +0) 
Governs the Following Specific Skills (+5):
Unarmed Fighting: Normal human: 1d4 damage unarmed. If you’re trained in unarmed fighting (any level +5 or above) you deal 1d6 damage unarmed. +10 unarmed=1d8 damage, +15 unarmed=1d10 damage. 
Climb: Bonus to climb things. If you fail by 10 or more, you fall. Otherwise, you make no progress but may re-roll next turn. RR 5: a slippery slope, RR 10: a rough wall 10’ high, RR 15: a regular wall 20’ high, RR 20: a smooth wall (check every 30’ climbed), RR 30: Slick vertical surface or incline (check every 30’ climbed). Additional checks per 30’ required.
Run: When making movement checks to run you move at x3 your speed and add ½ your Run skill bonus (rounded down) to the roll. 
Jump: You jump 2 ft. distance 1 ft. height for each point on 1d20 you roll past RR 10. If you fail the RR by 10 or more, you trip.
Swim: Kiddy Pool: RR 5, Calm Water: RR 10, River/Lake RR 15, Strong River/Large Lake RR 20, Waterfall (upwards) RR 30. If you fail by 10 or more you may drown, otherwise you just make no progress.
Ride: You are trained to ride and handle animals. Failing a ride roll by 10 or more means you were ‘thrown’ or similar. RR 5: ride a pony, RR 10: ride a horse, RR 15: ride a horse in battle well, RR 20: ride a beast monster or dragon, RR 30: ride pretty much anything. 
Endurance: includes: pain tolerance, toughness, immunity to disease and poison, and similar. If you fail an endurance roll by 10 or more you collapse senseless. RR 5: don’t cry when you get a paper cut, RR 10: hold your breath 2 minutes, RR 15: hold breath 3 minutes and resist a lot of pain, RR 20: resist extreme pain and hold breath 4 minutes, RR 30: immune to pain (pretty much) and hold breath 10 minutes.
Smash: Bonus to smash stuff. RR 5: glass cup, RR 10: wooden board, RR 15: small stone block or a door, RR 20: strong door or tough object like a chest, RR 30 smash a tree down with your bare hands. Stone is RR 30. Steel door RR 40. Tunnel through steel: RR 50.
Knowledge (Tactics): You know your way around a battlefield. If you fail this roll by 10 or more you make a ‘bad move’ or unwise tactical decision but you can’t take it back. 
Healing: Useable once on each character who takes damage in a battle. RR 5: stem bleeding and bandage cuts, RR 10: clean and dress wounds heal 1d6 hp, RR 15: cure recent poison if possible and good first aid curing 2d6 hp, RR 20: bring any character back to 0 hp (if applicable) and then cure 20% hp. RR 25: Cure 50% hp to a character up to three times per adventure. RR 30: Cure 75% hp to character useable only once per adventure. 
Acrobatics (speed +0)
Governs all of the below Specific (+5) skills:
Stunts/Acrobatics/Back Flip: Think of anything cool you might want to do. You can do that with Stunts. RR 5: Monkey Handstand, RR 10: Back flip, RR 15: jump over a guy’s head, RR 20: bounce off the walls and roll through multiple foe’s legs, RR 30: pretty much do stuff that usually requires cables and special effects crews. 
Dodging: This skill replaces your armor. You gain the full bonus of any armor type you can wear with no skill penalties. Minimum Dodge to skip armor is: Armor 2 +5, Armor 2-3 +10, Armor 2-4 +15, Armor 2-5 +20, and Armor 2-6 +25. 
Aim: This skill doesn’t give you a combat bonus, it just lets you hit incredibly tiny targets at long range out of battle. Kind of like Robin Hood. RR 5: throw stuff in a nearby garbage can, RR 10: place a shot within 10’ at 100’ range, RR 15: throw a single bulls-eye with a dart, RR 20: throw multiple bulls-eyes or hit a 1 inch target at up to 200’ range, RR 30: Do the Robin Hood Thing. 
Balance: Helps you keep your footing. RR 5: walk a beam, RR 10: walk a narrow beam or keep footing on ice, RR 15: run over ice or through difficult terrain with no major problems, RR 20: ignore difficult terrain or walk a tightrope, RR 30: hop across a tightrope while blindfolded on one leg.
Escape Artist: Helps you get out of stuff. RR 5: escape an unattended rope net, RR 10: work your way out of rope bonds given time, RR 15: quickly escape normal bonds or eventually escape tough webs, RR 20: break quickly free of strong webs or eventually escape chains, RR 30: slip out of just about anything. 
Magic (mental +0)
Governs all the below Specific (+5) skills:
Spell Lore: Use this skill to test your knowledge of magic. RR 5: identify minor spell or that something is magic. RR 10: identify a common spell or effect, RR 15: identify an uncommon spell or effect, RR 20: identify an obscure spell or effect, RR 30: identify a singular spell or effect. 
Forging: Allows you to create magic items. See Magic Item Crafting in Chapter Twelve. Usually, you must have an appropriate power as well.
Detection: Allows you to magically detect magical fields. Basically lets you use Spell Lore to identify magic you can’t see. Used alone just shows you ‘auras’.
Minor Magics: This skill lets you use minor magics. You gain 1 minor magic per point of bonus in this skill. Check with GM for effects and details. 
Thievery (speed +0)
Governs all of the below Specific (+5) skills:
Pick Lock: Allows you to pick locks. RR 5: broken rusty lock, RR 10: normal lock, RR 15: difficult lock, RR 20: Complex lock, RR 25: Excellent lock, RR 30: masterful lock or something that might not even be deemed a lock—like a magic spell. Failing by 10 or more breaks your lock picks. Retries: no. You must wait until you gain a level to try again.
Trap Disable: Used to disable traps and other devices you don’t like without harming yourself. RR 5: kick apart a box, RR 10: destroy a trap door into a pit, RR 15: disable a regular trap, RR 20: disable a magical or complex trap, RR 30: disable pretty much any trap or possibly something that might not even be deemed a trap—like a siege tower. Retries: usually no. You must wait until you gain a level to try again.
Trap Find: Use this skill to find traps and secret doors even when you’re not looking for them (usually passive perception is equal to flat bonus of perception). Add this skill’s bonus to all passive perception checks and add ½ rounded down to active perception checks for traps only.
Steal (Sleight of Hand): Used to steal stuff and get away with it. Often paired with stealth. RR 5: take an unattended object, RR 10: steal an apple from someone who’s got his back turned, RR 15 steal something with a decent stealth roll as well such as a pick pocket, RR 20: steal something in broad daylight with a decent stealth roll, RR 30: swipe practically anything. 
Stealth: Used to sneak around. RR opposed by oppositions Perception check or monster’s RR rating (increase if multiple creatures). Fail by 10 or more: blow cover for all allies too. 
Stealth (speed +0)
Stealth (Specific +5): (see stealth above for details).
Governs only Stealth below and cannot be stacked with stealth above. See below for details.
Special: Some characters may have ‘Stealth’ listed under their available Broad Skills, but not Thievery. If so, they may take the Stealth skill alone and as a Broad Skill if they wish, but none of the other Thievery skills.
General (Anyone can take these skills)
You can take any of the below skills regardless of skill access. They all start at +5. There is no broad skill for General.
Perception (Mental): Used to spot things. Your passive perception is an automatic roll of 0+ your skill bonus in perception. RR 5: Obvious stuff, RR 10: ordinary things, RR 15: something hidden, RR 20 something well hidden like a secret door or trap, RR 30: practically anything you can spot or find. 
Knowledge Basic (mental): Common knowledge and basic skills. Your character knows 1 ordinary skill per point of bonus in this skill. Things like: cooking, fire-starting, local geography, shopping, haggling, rumor gathering, sword-sharpening, weapon-smithing, etc.
Knowledge Local (mental): Knowledge about the village/city/realm where you grew up. The higher the bonus, the more extensive your knowledge and the more residents you know personally. Really high bonuses translate into someone who knows everything and everyone in their town.
Languages (mental): Per point of bonus in this skill you can speak and read a new language. If you devout extra points to one language you gain extra competency in it and can hide your accent well.
Primaries (Anyone may take these skills)
All of the below skills can be taken by anyone regardless of skill access and start at +5. You cannot take Primaries as a broad skill.
Physical Strength: For every five points of bonus in physical strength you get +1 cumulative to all physical saves to the usual maximum of +5. This skill also counts as a direct bonus to all unlisted strength skills.
Mental Strength: For every five points of bonus in mental strength you get +1 cumulative to all mental saves to the usual maximum of +5. This skill also counts as a direct bonus to all unlisted mental skills.
Reflexes (Speed): For every five points of bonus in reflexes you get +1 cumulative to all reflex saves to the usual maximum of +5. This skill also counts as a direct bonus to all unlisted speed skills.
Carrying Capacity: Starts at 60/180 lbs default without this skill. Add +10/30 lbs. per point of bonus in this skill past +4. Also add ½ this skill bonus to any Physical Strength skills used to lift things beyond your listed limits. If you fail, you hurt yourself. RR set by GM. RR 20 x2 max lift (second number). RR 30 x3 max lift (second number).
Movement: Starts at 30’ or 3 per turn. Running is x2 speed but requires a Movement skill check per round determined by the GM to keep running. See also the Run skill in Athletics. You cannot use both at the same time. For every 5 points of bonus in this skill you may add 1 to your base movement (+10 ft. per round). 
Social (social +0)
Governs all of the below Specific (+5) skills:
Special: Anyone may take social skills and the broad skill Social.
Insight: Use this skill to find out if someone is lying, sense motives, understand personalities, and gain ‘insights’ into people. If you fail by 10 or more you get it wrong. RR 5: something obvious, RR 10: ordinary things, RR 15: something hidden, RR 20: a well-hidden trait or motive, RR 30: practically any insight into the workings of someone’s mind. 
Bluff: Use this skill to trick people with words. If you fail by 10 or more, not only do they not believe you, they get angry too. RR 5: convince a child of something, RR 10: pass off a plausible lie, RR 15: pass off an implausible lie, RR 20: tell a whopper and get away with it, RR 30: Make a large number of people believe something ludicrous. 
Diplomacy: Use this skill to make friends and influence people. RR 5: make a friendly character your friend, RR 10: make an indifferent person friendly, RR 15: make an indifferent person a friend or a hostile one indifferent, RR 20: make friends of hostile people/enemies, RR 30: make blood thirsty monsters your friends. 
Intimidate: Scare away your enemies or force enemies to talk without actually doing anything. RR 5: scare away children, RR 10: scare away a weakling, RR 15: scare away an equal enemy or convince a prisoner to talk, RR 20: convince a loyal enemy soldier to talk or scare away a foe a bit stronger than you, RR 30: scare practically anyone into doing stuff. 
Seduction: Usually, but not always, you use this skill on attractive member’s of the opposite sex of your species. RR 5: get a guy with low self esteem to fall in love with you, RR 10: convince practically any guy you’re interested, RR 15: convince a woman to look at you, RR 20: convince a woman to love you, RR 30: make monsters/inanimate objects fall in love with you. Fail by 10 or more: embarrassing, no, seriously embarrassing. This skill only affects a single target unless you increase the RR.
Fashion/Looks: For each point in this skill you look slightly better or have more awesome clothes-sense. You cannot buy this skill or advance it, but some powers and items may give it to you. It stacks directly with most other social skills if applicable. Check with the GM. Increasing Social Broad Skill does not increase this skill.
Dancing: Dancing skills. 
Singing: Singing skills.
Gambling: You’re skilled at partaking in games of chance rigged against you. Good luck.
Play Musical Instrument: For every +5 points in this skill choose a new instrument to be trained in past the first. All of them get full bonus. If you specialize in only one, add +4 to all your skill checks with that instrument. 
Leadership: Lead your allies and cohorts in battle. Adds ½ bonus to underlings and allies courage. Use this skill for inspiring speeches and such. RR 5: lead a band of loyal men, RR 10: lead men, RR 15: lead normal men into battle, RR 20: troops follow you into the jaws of death or the abyss, RR 30: troops all willing to die to protect you. Follow orders without question. Fail by 5 or more: troops desert, allies groan, peasants throw tomatoes at you.
Disguise: Look like someone or something else. Usually requires at least some ‘props’. RR 5: don’t stand out in a crowd, RR 10: rudimentary disguise, RR 15: good disguise, RR 20: look like someone else, RR 30: like something else. Fail by 5 or more: you think you’re disguise is awesome, everyone else thinks you’re an idiot.
Courage: Any monster with a fear special power requires a courage save to be faced at full strength equal to its RR. Some other effects or circumstances may require courage checks at the GM’s discretion. Most of the time you’re immune to fear on account of being a hero. RR 5: face a three year old, RR 10: face a superior force (minions only, heroes immune), RR 15: face a fiendish foe, the undead for the first time, or some other nasty horror without running away, RR 20: stare death in the eye and fail to blink, RR 30: walk into near certain death and oblivion (most adventurer’s do this anyway).
Streetwise: This is like knowledge dungeons except in urban areas. You know the lingo, you know the streets, you know the waffle store, you know the black market, you know where the hot babes and the bad guys are. You want a doughnut. For every 5 points in streetwise add a contact you can call on once per adventure to help you out or hook you up with info or gear. 
Haggle: Get the best deal on stuff.
Knowledge (mental +0)
Anyone may take any of the below specific skills at +5 or the Knowledge Broad Skill at +0.
Appraise: You know what stuff is worth. RR 5: basic items, RR 10: most mundane items, RR 15: obscure gems, gold, precious metals, and trading goods, RR 20: magic items of most rarities, RR 30: practically everything. Fail by 10 or more: get it disastrously wrong. 
Knowledge: politics, etiquette, foreign, magic, dungeons, monsters, religion, dimensions, nature, engineering, geography, Any Job, Craft, Profession, technology, history—Choose one. Basically pick this skill if you want to: make hats, be a tailor, create armor, know history, know random campaign stuff, figure out monster weaknesses, and suchlike. Fail by 10 or more: bad info you believe. 
Problem Solve: Use this skill to ‘cheat’ the GMs various riddles, traps, puzzles, and suchlike. If the GM is offended by this, try to use it to get ‘free clues’ on successful uses. RR usually equal to the problem at hand. Fail by 10 or more: come up with wrong answer and believe it. 
Tech Use: Future campaign only unless your character has an opportunity to use tech. RR 5: operate remote control, RR 10: operate vehicles and equipment, RR 15: operate sophisticated computers, RR 20: operate pretty much any tech, RR 30: you know practically everything about machines. Fail by 10 or more: get it wrong and believe it. 
Hacking/Jacking: As above but the ‘illicit’ side of computers. Allows you to jack into the internet with your mind as well.
Driving/Piloting: Like riding, but with sweet stuff: boats, planes, spaceships, etc. Per 5 points in this skill choose one type of craft or focus on only one and gain +4 driving/piloting it. Fail by 10 or more: crash. 
Create/Repair: Use this skill to create or repair anything. If you select only one type of thing you can take this skill multiple times. Each specific thing you buy the skill for it gets +4 above normal. Specific things are like: hats, guns, swords, and paintings. Specific things are not: all weapons, all gear, all magic items. RR 5: simple item, RR 10: normal item, RR 15: complex item or repair, RR 20: very complex item or repair, RR 30 huge item or extensive/obscure repair—possibly you can even create or repair a magic item. Fail by 10 or more: all ingredients and components ruined.
Wilderness (mental +0)
Only a character with Wilderness Skill Access may take any of the below skills at +5 or the Wilderness Broad Skill at +0.
Hunting/Tracking: Find stuff in the wilderness using trails. RR 5: track an obvious trail, RR 10: track a normal trail, RR 15: track a difficult trail, RR 20: track through a blizzard or water, RR 30: track impossible stuff to track.
Survival: Use this skill to find your way in harsh environments and to survive harsh conditions. RR 5: survive in a tropical paradise, RR 10: survive in a forest filled with game, RR 15: survive pretty much anywhere normal, RR 20: survive an inhospitable environment, RR 30: survive when it would otherwise seem impossible for you to do so like in a barren wasteland filled with lava at 200 degrees Celsius. 
Animal Lore: Doubles for Ride (see that skill). In addition, you can understand animals and befriend them better than most people ever will. RR 5: make a cat or dog your friend, RR 10: make a loyal pet of one animal, RR 15: befriend just about any animal, RR 20 understand an animal’s ‘meaning’ or pacify a predator. You might even make it your friend or temporary ally, RR 25: multiple animal friends of all types including large predators (max determined by GM), RR 30: You can magically speak with animals and befriend most of them you meet. Generally they can run messages for you as well if you pay them food and shiny baubles. Fail by 10 or more, animal hates you.
Plant Lore: As above but with plants, trees, and suchlike. GM determines which, if any, want or can talk to you magically. You can’t get friendly plants to do anything for you unless you roll a 25 or higher, then they actually animate to life and help you out as per the GM’s discretion.
Power/Ability Skills (-5)
Any player or the GM may make up any skills they wish. Additionally, you can take any power on your class lists as a power skill. It starts at -5 (-10 untrained if an untrained check is allowed at all) and you need to roll RR 10 to use it normally. However, as a skill, the RR is always at the GM’s discretion and, further, she may limit its uses as she sees fit. Also, this lets you attempt things ‘greater’ than a standard power would normally allow because skills are more flexible.
If your power is ‘always active’ it’s an ability and may be purchased normally. You never need to roll to activate an ability. For example: Telekinesis, Infra-vision, stone skin, and water breathing could all be considered abilities if the GM allows. The GM should prevent this rule from being abused. Because all power/ability skills fall under the RR jurisdiction of the GM, the GM can do whatever she wants with them and/or disable them indefinitely or weaken them.
Making up Skills
In Challenger, not only can you make up your own skills, it’s actually encouraged! Use skills to build your dream character. Take whatever you want. Just remember to check with your GM to be sure it’s ‘okay’ with her. You can make up: broad skills, specific skills, power/ability skills, and practically anything else you want. Haggle out with the GM what your bonuses should be. Eventually you’ll hit upon a ‘system’ and you won’t even have to ask anymore when making up your skills. Good luck! Remember, this is your last chance to get anything cool for your character you don’t already have. If you feel your character is missing any ability whatsoever use skills to add it to your character. The GM is encouraged to allow this ‘tweaking’ of characters with skills so everyone can always play the character they want to.
Chapter Five: Character Creation Errata

Part 5.1: Saving Throws
You have three kinds of saving throws: mental saves, physical saves, and reflex saves. Your primary skills of the same names will give you a bonus to those saving throws as will certain powers. Normally, you have +0 to all saving throws. When something very bad happens like mind control, poison, or being turned into a frog, you get a saving throw against it. The GM will set the RR of the saving throw if it isn’t listed and will always determine if a saving throw is allowed or not. Sometimes you’ll still suffer some side effects even if you successfully make a saving throw. You always get a saving throw against any damage or harmful effect resulting from another player failing a challenge even if it’s only to reduce the damage. You never get saving throws against combat damage when you fail to hit a challenge.
Saving throws are meant to allow you to have a chance at surviving a deadly attack form or something that would otherwise surely kill you or have a very bad effect.
Part 5.2: Weaknesses
You may, if you wish, take 1 weakness determined by you and the GM in collaboration for the benefit of 1 extra skill at first level. The weakness and its effects can be anything you or the GM can imagine. If the weakness is particularly dire or hampering, you may gain 2 skills for taking it or more as per the GM’s discretion. You can never take more than one weakness unless the GM specifically allows it.
Part 5.3: Movement
Your base overland movement is 3 grid squares (or 30 ft.) per round. The base speed of a medieval mount (i.e. horse) is 12 grid squares. This number also equals the number of feet (x10) you can move in a round. So a character with movement 4 could move 4 grid squares or 40 ft. per round. The Movement skill may add to your base movement rating.
Part 5.4: Carrying Capacity
Your base carrying capacity number is 60 lbs/180 lbs Max Lift. The first number is the amount of weight your character can carry without difficulty or penalties over long periods of time. The second number is your Max Lift for a few brief seconds.
If you want to carry above your Carrying Capacity for long distances you must make Endurance/Physical Strength based checks or take penalties/injuries. If you want to lift above your Max Lift for a brief time or extend your normal Max Lift for a greater period of time, make a check as above (Physical Strength or Carry only) and if you fail you hurt yourself.
Part 5.5: Equipment
Below are rules on equipping your character. You can return to this section to purchase additional equipment for your character if you have enough money to do so.
Starting Equipment
You start out with 200 gp (gold pieces) of equipment or whatever you think your character would have within reason and approved by the GM. 
What can I buy?
The items will be laid out into the following categories: Armor, Weapons, Basic Equipment, Special Equipment, and High Tech Equipment. Players may start out with anything from the Armor, Weapons, or Basic Equipment sections they can afford and use, but must check with the GM before buying or using anything from the Special Equipment or High Tech Equipment sections.
What should I buy?
It is recommended you buy the best weapon you can afford and use, the best armor you can afford and use if you’re willing to take the skill penalty, and any number of other useful pieces of equipment you think you might use on your adventures.
Part 5.6: Armor
Armor blocks attacks when you fail an attack roll and roll the exact number in your armor’s range. So if you rolled a 4 while fighting a dragon and wearing full plate armor the dragon’s attack would be blocked by your armor because your plate armor blocks attacks when you roll a 2, 3, or 4 showing on the dice roll (don’t include bonuses or penalties in this calculation). Only ever use the natural die result. A one is always a failure and no armor in the universe can be better than dragon hide’s 2-6 armor rating for logistical reasons. Armor also can’t block magic or energy attacks usually.
No Armor: 0 gp. This is not a piece of equipment. You gain no benefits or drawbacks for wearing no armor.
Light Armor: 10 gold, must have light armor training to use, Armor 2, consists of light leather armor or hides, weighs 10 lbs.
Medium Armor: 30 gold, must have medium armor training to use, Armor 2-3, -2 all physical skill checks, consists of chain mail; scale mail; or similar, weighs 30 lbs.
Heavy Armor: 100 gold, must have heavy armor training to use, Armor 2-4, -2 physical skills and -1 movement, consists of plate armor; battle armor; etc., weighs 40 lbs.
Magic Armor: --- gold, must have appropriate armor training to use, Armor 2-5, no armor penalties, weighs 20 lbs.
Dragon Armor: ---gold, no requirements to wear, Armor 2-6, must be made from the hide of an elder dragon and forged by a great smith who can also enchant it with mighty spells, no penalties for wearing and can be used by any character, weighs 10 lbs.
Shield: 10 gold, 11-20 block one attack per battle but must be worn the whole battle, cannot use with a ranged weapon; two weapon fighting; a two-handed weapon; any weapon rated beyond Expert 1d8; or while casting spells, weighs 5 lbs. 
Part 5.7: Weapons
You can increase your weapon and armor training to maximum by taking a power in All Characters for one power point.
No Weapon: 0 gp. This is not a piece of equipment. You deal only unarmed damage (1d4) improvised weapon damage (1d5) or natural weaponry damage (by race entry) if you don’t wield a weapon. 
Basic Weapon: 10 gp, requires one hand and basic weapon training to use, deals 1d6 damage, basic weapons such as daggers; staves, short swords, etc., weighs 2 lbs. dagger; 5 lbs. weapon; 10 lbs. heavy crossbow.
Expert Weapon: 20 gp, requires one hand and expert weapon training to use, deals 1d8 damage, expert weapons such as swords; bows; axes; maces; etc., weighs 5 lbs. and varies by weapon.
Master Weapon: 50 gp, requires two hands and master weapon training to use effectively, deals 1d10 damage, you cannot use two weapon fighting or a shield while you wield a master weapon, master weapons can be anything but are usually heavy weapons such as great swords; flails, pole arms; and great bows, weighs 10 lbs. and varies if you use a smaller weapon two handed as a master weapon.
Ranged Weapon: 0 gp. This is not a piece of equipment. For non-magic ranged weapon ranges, see the start of Chapter Two: Classes and Chapter 7: The GM’s Section (Combat). Most ranged weapons can be fired 60 ft. as long as you’re not in melee combat. The GM may extend the range but you still only get one free attack at most before a melee battle breaks out. Realism in this regards is covered by the multi-attack archer powers and extensions on range therein.
Magical or Mental Attack: 0 gp. This is not a piece of equipment. Magical and Mental attacks are ranged 60 ft. and bypass most mundane armors. They usually deal 1d6 damage of a type determined by the GM and players in coordination or simple magic/mental damage on a hit.
Equipment Bonuses
Most of this equipment is pretty straightforward to buy and use. Most pieces of equipment are also pretty much self-explanatory. If you have the ideal tool(s) for the job you usually receive a +2 bonus to relevant skill checks if you can use it effectively. If your skill bonus is +20 or higher relevant equipment will probably give you an upgraded +5 bonus because of your skill at using it effectively. Most pieces of equipment that grant a skill bonus will note that bonus in the equipment entry, but check with your GM if any bonus isn’t listed or if you think you should get a bonus for a separate action or skill check.
When using skills to accomplish things the GM should always take into account circumstantial factors as well as relevant equipment. Climbing a rough wall is easy, but climbing the same wall in a ferocious thunderstorm at midnight is much harder.
Good role-playing should be more effective at giving bonuses in all circumstances than equipment or weapons used. If players describe their actions particularly well you may give them any bonuses you see fit including, but not limited to: damage, attack, extra actions, automatic successes or determinations, bonus experience points, and skill bonuses. Always try to reward good role-playing and make it clear the game is about heroic adventure, creativity, and imagination over pure game mechanics. Game mechanics are designed to facilitate game-play and give you guidelines. As the GM you should always encourage creative action and balance the powers and items of the PCs making sure everyone has cool stuff, role-playing opportunities, and effective powers and skills to use during the game.
Part 5.8: Reading an Equipment Entry
All equipment in this list follows this general format, where possible:
Item Name, Cost in gold pieces, Requirements to Use if any, Game Effects, Item Description, and Item Weight.
Part 5.9: Equipment List
The below tables show all the standard equipment your character can buy before setting out on adventures. Feel free to add anything to it you wish. For the costs of larger and more expensive items or for specialty or magic items, check with the GM.
Backpack: 2 gold, you can store up to 100 lbs. of gear in your backpack, it takes one round to retrieve such items, a large back pack with many pouches and attachments, weighs 5 lbs.
Tent: 5 gold, includes room for up to 2 people, weighs 10 lbs.
Bedroll: 1 gold, used for sleeping in and staying warm, weighs 5 lbs.
Flint and Steel: 1 gold, used to start fires, weighs 1 lb.
10 Torches: 1 gold, extends light 5 squares or 50 feet but all vision past 3 squares is only dimly perceived giving you a -2 to perception checks, torches last for about 1 hour, a small stick of wood with cloth on the end soaked in special oils, weighs 1 lb.
Lantern: 5 gold, extends light 6 squares or 60 feet but all vision past 3 squares is only dimly perceived giving you a -2 to perception checks, lanterns last for 1 hour per flask of oil, a metal frame around glass with a pilot light, weighs 2 lbs.
10 Flasks of Oil: 2 gold, used to power lanterns and light things on fire, will burn for 1d6 damage for at least 3 rounds if lit, a small flask of oil, weighs 2 lbs.
50 ft. of Rope: 1 gold, grants +2 to climbing where applicable if you also have the other appropriate equipment, a thick cord of hemp rope, weighs 10 lbs. per 50 ft. of length which may be all one piece or cut up as you see fit.
10 Pitons: 1 gold, small wedges of metal which can be pounded into things with a hammer and could be very useful for climbing, weighs 2 lbs.
Grappling Hook: 10 gold, +2 to climbing if used with rope and pitons effectively, a metal grapple, weighs 5 lbs.
Disguise Kit: 40 gold, +2 to the disguise skill, a case containing dyes; powders, wigs, masks; and other useful things, weighs 10 lbs.
Peasant Clothes: 1 gold, you wear normal bland clothes, weighs 1 lb.
Rags: 0 gold, you wear rags and scraps making you look like a poor beggar, weighs 1 lb.
Traveler’s Clothes: 5 gold, you wear fine clothes appropriate for travel and high adventure, weighs 1 lb.
Nobleman’s Clothes: 50 gold, you wear clothing of the finest cut and embroidery giving you the appearance of a nobleman, weighs 2 lbs.
Explorer’s Outfit: 80 gold, you wear acid resistant boots and grounded; thick gloves, this equipment may give you bonuses against certain attacks or traps of maximum +2 or +2 to physical saving throws, this thick and sturdy gear contains many hidden pockets and pouches for securing your wealth and items, weighs 5 lbs.
Thieves Tools: 20 gold, you must have the stealth subtype or appropriate skills to effectively use these items, negates the -2 penalty for attempting specialized skills without the required items, consists of lock picks; stealth garb; crow bar; and other useful items, weighs 10 lbs.
Writing Tools: 10 gold, you must be able to read and write to use these things effectively, consists of parchment; ink; books; quills; and other implements of writing which may allow you to forge documents if you have that skill, weighs 10 lbs.
Mount: 50 gold, usually requires the ride skill to maneuver in battle, your mount is usually a horse or similar land-based creature and can move at 12 and carry 200/600 lbs., if you want your mount to fight in battle you’ll probably need to take the mount power in Chapter Two: Classes, a horse; riding elephant; or whichever, weighs ---lbs.
Beast of Burden: 5 gold, usually requires a handle animal or similar skill to maneuver effectively in tense circumstances, cannot be ridden, move 12 and carry 100/600 lbs., donkeys; ponies; etc., weighs ---lbs.
Musical Instrument: 15 gold, grants +2 on the music skill, any one musical instrument of your choice approved by the GM such as a: harp; guitar; lute; banjo; harp; or whichever, weighs 5 lbs. or as per item.
First Aid: 15 gold, you must have the heal skill to use this item effectively, grants +2 to healing skill checks, contains a case with bandages; poison antidote; herbs; and so forth; weighs 5 lbs.
Cooking Gear: 2 gold, grants +2 to cooking skill checks, usually consists of: forks; knives; cups; plates; pots; and other assorted cooking gear, weighs: 10 lbs.
Loot Carrying: 10 gold, you can carry as much as you want in your packs to a reasonable limit determined by the GM, any items stored in your sacks and pouches take one full round to retrieve, anything on your belt is usually a free action to retrieve: see Chapter Seven: the GM’s Section for further details, you have tons of bags; pouches; and other items for carrying any loot or interesting items you find on your adventures, weighs 5 lbs. empty.
Equipment Belt/Bandolier: 1 gold, you have access to up to 3 weapons and 10 small items which can be drawn at will as a free action and used as normal, sheathing a weapon instead of dropping it to draw a new one takes 1 primary action, retrieving an item from an inaccessible pouch; your back; or a backpack apart from your bandolier and belt items requires 1 full round, weighs 1 lb.
Miscellaneous Items: 1 gold, make up 10 small items you carry on your person such as: bell; whistle; playing cards; marbles; caltrops; string; a needle; small knife; and so forth, weighs 1 lb.
Environment Gear: 10 gold, choose any one environment or area your gear is suited for, having the right gear can mean the difference between life and death, this could be: winter clothes; desert garb; hiking boots; camouflage; or whatever, weighs 10 lbs.
Pet: 5 gold, choose any one small and mundane animal as a pet, if it’s an exotic animal the price may increase as the GM sees fit, to train this animal you will need an animal training or similar skill, if you want this pet to be loyal and obedient; take the Mount/Pet power in Chapter Two: Classes, weighs ---lbs.
Flashy Gear: 50 gold, choose any one piece of flashy clothing or gear such as a: cape; crown; scepter; rod; wig; earrings; or whichever, you may pay additional gold to get fancier items, this item generally has no game effect apart from making you look cool and wealthy, a cool item, weighs 1 lb. or as per item.
Magnifying Glass: 50 gold, +2 to perception checks used on very finely detailed or tiny items, a small curved glass usually encased in metal used for magnification, weighs 1 lb.
Spyglass: 50 gold, +2 to perception used on very distant large objects such as ships at sea, a curved piece of glass usually set in an extendable scope, weighs 1 lb.
Anti-Supernatural Kit: 10 gold, includes: silvered weapon; wolfs bane; wooden stakes; garlic; and so forth, weighs 2 lbs.
Hourglass: 50 gold, used to accurately measure time with sand, 2 lbs.
Chains: 20 gold, a thick set of chains usually used with a lock to bind enemies with, weighs: 20 lbs.
Gauntlets: 20 gold, you must have heavy armor training to use this item, these metal gloves make it nearly impossible to disarm you of your weapon once locked on, weighs 2 lbs.
Chest: 5 gold, used to store items securely inside, capacity 100 lbs. or as per the GM warrants, RR 20 to break a wooden chest, RR 40 to break a steel one, usually comes with a lock purchased separately built into the chest, if you want it to be made of steel instead of wood double the cost, weighs 5 lbs. empty 10 lbs. if steel.
Lock: 5 gold, RR 20 to pick +5 per x10 in price to a maximum of RR 30; to get greater requires magical locks or extraordinary manufacture, usually comes with at least one key and can be integrated into other items such as doors; chests; and chains, weighs 1 lb.
Maps: 5 gold, grants +2 to appropriate Navigation skill checks, star charts; ocean charts; local regional maps; etc., weighs 1 lb.
10 Tools: 5 gold, grants +2 to appropriate repair/create checks, choose ten items similar to the following: hammer; nails; saw; chalk; measuring stick; etc., weighs 10 lbs. or by items chosen.
Large Tool: 1 gold, such as a ladder; pole; or large shovel, weighs 5 lbs.
1 Week’s Rations: 2 gold, you have enough food to last a week, it’s preserved, weighs 10 lbs.
1 Weeks’ Food: 1 gold, you have enough unpreserved food to last a week, it may spoil, weighs 10 lbs.
Canteen: 1 gold, you have a pouch or water skin which can hold water, weighs according to water carried usually 5 lbs. per day.
Special Equipment
All of the following are special equipment types you must carefully adjudicate and price as the GM: Vehicles, Strongholds and Hirelings, Magic Items, and High Tech Equipment.
Vehicles
Piloting: To operate a vehicle successfully a character must make a driving, piloting, or ride check as appropriate. This check can also be used to outmaneuver, outrun, catch up with, or come in behind enemy vehicles and may aid with ram attacks.
Rams: To initiate a ram you crash your vehicle into another. Any vehicle 1 or more size categories larger than another destroys the vehicle rammed. If vehicles are the same size category they both deal ram damage to each other.
Heavy Weapons: some large vehicles, castle walls, and attacking armies may employ heavy weapons. Heavy weapons almost always require 4 people to operate and an extra round to load with one full round spent to fire. The obvious exception would be single man space fighters. Heavy weapons are usually the only weapons which effect other vehicles and large structures (apart from ram attacks between vehicles) and tend to deal massive damage to unarmed and small targets such as medium sized people.
Repairs: you can repair high tech one-man space fighters with an appropriate tech use or repair roll in the middle of battles in space but you may only repair once per battle. Use piloting to ‘come in behind’ enemy fighters or to escape a tailing enemy fighter with the help of covering allies.
Exploding Vehicles: Anyone caught in an exploding vehicle takes massive damage or dies according to the GM. A saving throw against death may be applicable but probably not in a space battle unless escape pods are available.
Boarding Vehicles: The GM should always allow reasonable boarding attempts to have a high success chance. This enhances the game. Having people jump between space ships to board them isn’t realistic, but it’s a lot of fun.
Whenever a vehicle combat occurs the GM should use the following rules:
Size Large Vehicle: 20 Hit Points, RR 10, Attack +0 Heavy Weapon or ram 2d6 damage. Speed 24 if motorized otherwise speed 1 or less. Cars, jets, space fighters, boats, etc.
Size Huge Vehicle: 100 Hit Points, RR 10, Attack +0 with up to 6 heavy weapons or ram damage 5d6. Speed 36 fly if appropriate. Space cruisers, galleys, warships, battleships, bombers, etc.
Size Massive Vehicles: 1,000 Hit Points, RR 10, Attack +0 with up to 3 massive weapons which deal 1d6x10 damage each. Speed 36 fly if appropriate. Space behemoths, living planets, etc. Massive space vehicles may attack entire planets with their huge weapons and so forth. Generally speaking, you can’t get a massive vehicle in a fantasy setting unless under very unusual circumstances.
Part 5.10: Typical Driving RRs
You may use these RRs as a general guideline for performing vehicle stunts and tasks. Piloting is used for spaceships, Sailing for sea vessels, Driving for land-based vehicles, and riding for sentient creatures. You may allow the four skills to be used interchangeably for all vehicles and mounts if you wish. 
RR 10: Successfully operate a vehicle.
RR 15: Pull off a stunt or jump with a vehicle.
RR 15: Overtake or outmaneuver a similar vehicle. This could also be rolled as an opposed check if you want.
RR 10: Ram something smaller and slower than you are.
RR 15: Block another similar vehicle from overtaking you or run someone off the road.
RR 15: Ram another vehicle of your size and speed. This could also be rolled as an opposed check if you want.
RR 15: Repair a vehicle with time. This requires a repair or tech use skill check.
RR 20: Repair a vehicle in the midst of battle. This requires a repair or tech use skill check.
RR 20: Lose a jet or space fighter on your tail without aid. This could also be an opposed roll at a -5 disadvantage. If you have someone else coming in after the target you add +3 to your roll to escape.
RR 25: Escape dozens of superior enemy fighters in the midst of battle and then try to find a place to hide: Stealth RR 20.
RR 30: Attack a massive star cruiser with a rusted-out cargo ship with no weapons and survive for a few rounds before attempting to pull off some other stunt or ram/board them.
Strongholds and Hirelings
Strongholds, lands, and followers may be purchased, found on adventures, or received by other means only with the approval of the GM. Usually you need to wait until very high levels to acquire them. The GM should make sure the players share their stronghold or give each player the opportunity to get similar strongholds, hirelings, or followers.
A stronghold is usually a large fortress guarded by heavy weaponry such as catapults, ballistae, and so forth. It usually comes with the surrounding lands, peasants, and some servants etc. You don’t generally have to pay for servants and followers unless you actually intend to have them do stuff on an adventure, then see below.
Heavy Weapon: HP 20, Speed 1 if at all, Attack +0, 1 round load 1 round fire must have 4 people to operate successfully. Damage 5d6 on a hit.
Hireling: to hire peasants and untrained characters it cost 1 gold a day. They are treated as type I minion henchmen while in your employ but may leave at any time and won’t undertake dangerous operations such as battles or adventures.
Professional Hireling: to hire warriors, experts, and other professionals it cost 10 gold a day. They are treated as type I minion henchmen with 1 good skill while in your employ but may leave at any time and won’t undertake dangerous operations they weren’t hired for such as adventures.
Service: sometimes you will want to buy the services of characters more proficient or of different classes than your own. Any character of at least ½ the lowest party member’s level or higher will never become a hireling or henchman to the party. At best, they will be associates for a brief time. However, it is possible that they will use their powers on the party’s behalf for exorbitant amounts of money or promises of quests to be done for them. This is always at the GM’s discretion whether to allow or not. The most common use is to remove curses or raise dead which should be generally allowed if it’s reasonable and the character died well.
Magic Items
The price of all magic items is determined by the GM in her sole discretion. All magic items should be rare and powerful apart from one shot items of weak power such as healing potions. Even healing potions should be rare and expensive.
Because of the magic heavy nature of Challenger and the fact that it’s very hard to unbalance the game with magic items because of the max +5 to an attack roll rule, the GM is encouraged to let the players start with one magic item each should it be of reasonable power and not ruin the game.
High Tech Equipment
Challenger is set in a high magic, pseudo-medieval world of heroic fantasy. However, it can easily be adapted to high tech game-play or a game set in the stone ages without complex equipment. Simply change the class names and add a few new pieces of equipment like: laser swords, tanks, energy weapons, cars, and spaceships. If you do so, you don’t have to change any of the rules because everything is already balanced. You can just assume the older weapons are wielded more expertly or with technological upgrades such as being energy swords etc. 
If you play in a standard Challenge game without high tech equipment and some high tech equipment somehow winds up in the game it will probably be more powerful than the rest of the equipment in the game. It should thus be treated as a magic item. As such the other players should be able to get similar items or magic items of equivalent power. You can give a player with a laser rifle a bonus to damage of say 1d6 but you should then also allow the other players to get better natural weapons or train their mundane weapon attacks by 1d6 as well or receive some other bonus such as +1d6 damage magical weapons, etc.
Part 5.11: Backgrounds List
Roll once on the below table and record the results on the background section of your character sheet.
1: Slums: You grew up in the slums granting you a +2 bonus to either: stealth, intimidate, or pick pocket/pick lock skill checks. 
2: Royal Upbringing: You may be a lost heir, a king, a prince or princess, a noble knight, or a nobleman of another sort. Because of your training and background you gain a +2 to one of the following skills: Etiquette, Knowledge Politics, Diplomacy, or Knowledge Royalty. You may also start out with additional wealth at the GM’s discretion.
3: Harsh Environment: You grew up in the wilds, desert, ice lands, or a similar harsh environment. Choose one skill from the following list to receive a +2 to: Stealth, Tracking, Perception, Animal Lore, or Survival.
4: Higher Education: In your youth you attended a magical university or other intense schooling institution. As a result you may take +2 in one of the following skills: Knowledge Any, Languages, Knowledge Writing, or Minor Magic.
5: Highly Trained: You were rigorously trained in a specialized area such as: the military, wizardry, secret agency, etc. You gain +2 to any one of the following skills: Survival, Bluff, Intimidate, or Endurance.
6: Freak Accident: In your childhood you were part of a freak magical accident, explosion, or other bizarre event. This gives you some set of bizarre features, appearances, or abilities, possibly even weird mutations. Your mutations give you a +2 bonus to any one of the following skills: Minor Magic, Perception, Acrobatics, or Athletics.
7: Normal: You lived a perfectly normal and humble life as a peasant. You gain +2 to Knowledge checks concerning your mundane field of expertise.
8: Mystical Upbringing: You are the son/daughter of powerful extra-planar beings possibly the mythical deities of your world, were raised by wolves/monkeys, or were born of pure magic, etc. The GM assigns you any 1 magical power he chooses from any class power list (or of his own design). You can never trade in or choose this background power.
9: Trauma: In your early childhood you suffered some horrible trauma like: your parents dying, or losing your favourite stick. This event has left you emotionally scared and with one or more phobias. Whenever you face your phobia you crack up with fear. This gives the GM temporary control of your character unless you role-play the fear well. Receive +2 to one of the following skills: Perception, Thievery, Steal, or Unarmed Fighting.
10: Vendetta: You have a hated rival, an arch-enemy, or someone who just plain ticks you off. Detail your rival and his/her motivations. To better aid you in hunting your rival down you gain +2 to one of the following skills: tracking, hunting, streetwise, or riding.
11: Outlaw: You are hunted throughout the lands. It’s your job to come up with a reason why. Gain +2 to any shady skill of your choice including: stealth, lock pick, trap find/disable, steal, or intimidate. You can train in this skill but this background power does not give you the skill for free.
12: Super Ugly: For some reason you look really, really bad. -2 all Social skills and reactions. You gain one extra starting power to compensate you for this.
13: Super Beautiful: For some reason you look exceptionally stunning/attractive. +2 all Social Skills and reactions concerning members of your race of the opposite gender.
14: Humble Beginnings: You used to be a blacksmith, farmer, hunter, baker, etc. Be sure to strongly detail this aspect of your character. You gain 1 ‘normal’ profession/knowledge skill for free. 
15: Mystery: There’s some mystery about your background that no one else knows about. Perhaps you’re the son of the most wanted tyrant in the land, have connections to the crown, or just like to be mysterious. Detail your secrets with the GM and work out the details. Every adventure you can mysteriously appear or disappear once from an encounter or have ‘known’ an NPC for a long time. You cannot disappear from imprisonment, or when faced with death, but you can disappear from a pitched battle or your friends in a tavern.
16: Built: You are incredibly muscular, lean, and fit. You gaain +2 Physical Strength and +5 starting hp.
17: Frail: You are either incredibly skinny and weak, or incredibly fat and large. Alternately you may be very old or very young, or just plain hunch-backed or cross-eyed. You gain one extra starting skill.
18: Tough: You had a tough childhood, but since you came through it you’re tough as nails. You gain +5 starting hp and may continue to function normally to -10 hp when normally you’d be unconscious and possibly dying.
19: Foreigner: You come from a far distant land or another culture and are unfamiliar with things that many people in the land take for granted. You gain any one skill in the game and may train up to 5 allies in its use for the standard 10k experience points even if it’s not on their class access and would normally cost them 20k experience points to train in. This must be a specific skill.
20: Weirdo: Your character is something of an enigma, an insane enigma. Choose whether you’re a: hermit, crazy person, eccentric inventor, frontiersman, beggar, lawyer, etc. Every adventure you may re-roll any one dice roll. You must take the second result even if it’s lower.
Part 5.12: Character Traits
Roll 1d100 twice on each table and re-roll any duplicate results.
Character Traits
Maybe Beneficial
1-2: Thinking Trait: Scratches chin, scratches head, meditates, ponders, whacks head, throws prophet sticks, etc.
3-15: Clothing: wears distinct item/items: certain color, certain symbol, type of clothing or item, etc.
16-30: Phrase: your character has a favoured phrase or word he uses a lot like: aw man or great stinky dragon, etc.
31-35: Pose: Your character has a distinct pose, stance, or walk. He could: hold his sword aloft, crouch, swagger, etc.
36-40: Minor Activity: Your character has a minor expertise such as: setting camp, star gazing, sword sharpening, etc.
41-44: Food Preference: Your character likes or hates a certain food or drink or he could be a vegetarian, etc.
45: Charmer: You impress/attract girls/guys without effort kind of like flirter except you don’t have to try.
46-50: Physical Feature: Your character can have big muscles a fancy scar, a charming smile, etc.
51: Charismatic: Diplomatic, attractive, charming, etc.
52-53: Healthy: Fights colds, great endurance, poison immunity, etc.
54: Insight/Knowledge: You have knowledge on various facts or flashes of insight or memory on certain things/events.
55-60: Expert: You are particularly good at something: skill, special ability, attribute, characteristic, spell, etc.
61: Presence: Your character can some times: sense evil, sense magic, danger, chidden things, etc.
62-65: Art: Your character is good at: sculpting, storytelling, painting, drawing, chef stuff, poems, etc.
66-67: Dreams: Your character sometimes has insightful dreams, sleeps well, requires little sleep, his hyper aware, etc.
68-75: Major Activity: Your character is good at: farming, a craft (any), a profession (any), or a job type, etc.
76-85: Like: Your character likes something be it: person, place, or thing. 
86-89: Inspire: The sight or demeanor of you inspires those around you sometimes only under certain conditions.
90-94: Habit: You have a minor habit like: making breakfast.
95-100: Unusual Ability: The GM gives you a power or skill etc, that members of your class(s) don’t usually get.
Roll d% twice on each chart noting and clarifying results with GM.
Beneficial: GM lets players choose, but limits power.
Problematic: GM chooses, but player gets a fair say. GM decides how much it hinders (if it does).
If you don’t have a d100 you can roll 1d6 and 1d20. If you roll a 5 or 6 on the d6 re-roll. If you roll a 1, add nothing to the d20 roll. If you roll a 2-4, multiply that roll by 20 and add it to the result of the d20 roll. This will give you a result from 1-100.
Character Traits
Possibly Problematic
1: Coughs: Hacks, sneezes, wheezes, flemy/dry, etc.
2-3: Vulgar: Bad breath, belches, farts, no tact, no manners, smelly, looks are bad, grimy, etc.
4: Stares: at people, things, or lost in thought, etc.
5: Accent: Pick any or roll again.
6-7: Sleep: Your character: Can’t sleep well, has frequent dreams, snores, attacks anyone who wakes him, is a deep sleeper, etc.
8-9: Singer: Your character: Sings, dances, writes poems, etc.
10-11: Food Like: As on beneficial except usually something you would not want like your love beer, etc.
12-13: Gambler: Your character likes to bet. It cold be on almost anything even everything, but cards are more likely than stars, etc.
14-16: Flirter: Your character: Flirts, dances with, buys drinks for, or impresses members of the opposite sex, etc.
17-20: Greedy: Your character covets something like: wealth, power, gold, magic, jewels, castles, dragon scales, etc.
21: Arrogant: Boastful or self centered, etc.
22-25: Crazy: Your character cold be: Mad, insane, crazy, only seem like he’s crazy, or go crazy only under certain circumstances or in certain situations.
26-30: Physical Feature: As other except not good like: smelly, huge nose, evil look, ugly scar, etc.
31-33: Temper: When you’re mad you go crazy, perhaps only under certain circumstances pertaining to what makes you mad.
34-36: Irritating: annoying, obnoxious, spills stuff, no tact, etc.
37-39: Word Twister/Trickster: You use your force of personality for non-good ends or plot and scheme a lot, etc. (or just play jokes).
40: Unhealthy: Opposite of healthy.
41: Frail: Your character appears or is weak.
42: Conscience: When you do something mean or unlawful you might need to seek apology or something, etc.
43-44: Eats: 50% your character eats loads or 50% only eats a little. This could apply to specific foods only, etc.
45-54: Hygiene: Your character: Combs his hair, brushes his teeth, takes baths, never gets dirty, or changes clothes often, etc.
55-70: Fear: Your character has a fear be it: object, thing, place, person, monster, animal, or state (like heights), etc.
71: Friendly: You think everyone or thing is a friend, etc. but eventually grow out of it.
72: Fight: Your character is eager to fight or tries not to fight, etc.
73-85: Dislike: Opposite of like.
86: Clumsy: You fumble things at inopportune times, occasionally.
87-88: Bizarre: You have some trait originating from some bizarre means like : pink eyes, or yellow boogers, etc.
89-91: Mine: You do not stand to be parted from something be it your weapon or lucky orc tooth.
92-100: Special Drawback: The GM gives you a special penalty or drawback such as: must always sharpen sword, or not good at talking to nobles, etc. Lose a power or skill, etc. Or the GM can pick from this column of rolls etc.
Final Touches
Think up a cool name for your character. You can also fill in background, personality, and appearance at this time.
You’re Done!
Congratulations, you’ve just created a character! You should briefly check it over to see if anything is missing and reference the appropriate section of the rules if necessary. If you’re the GM, you can read on into the GM’s section and Sample Adventure in Chapters Seven and Eighteen.
Chapter Six: High Level Characters

When your character reaches 5th level and every 5 levels thereafter (to a maximum of 30th level) your character receives a special benefit. For details, see below and check with the GM for final approval of these special character additions which can have far-reaching effects on the campaign world.
Level 5 Player Power
If you use a normal power in a non-standard way you may, if you wish, instead substitute the new rules for your power according to your desire such as: invisibility outside of combat, teleporting out of bonds if you’re a phase-shifter, using runes to create a wall of fire, set explosive runes, or lay protective runes if you’re a Rune Master, or changing the properties of other objects besides yourself if you’re a shape-shifter, etc.
You should work with the GM to write up the description of your ‘new’ power/addition. It may be slightly more effective and useful than a regular power, but not unreasonable. You can even make up a totally new power if you wish instead of altering an existing power to suit your play style and preferences.
Player powers tend to be more flexible, versatile, and powerful than regular powers. This is okay, that’s what this high level benefit is for.
Level 9 Prep for Legendary Adventure
This adventure the GM should lay down the groundwork for the Legendary task which must be accomplished for the heroes to become legendary at the end of the next adventure. If they succeed on the next adventure they become legends, if they fail (and live) they must wait another 5 levels before attempting to become legendary again.
Level 10 Legendary Power and Skill
You may select one legendary power from your classes’ power lists and add it to your character at no XP cost. You may also add 1 new skill to your character, also free of charge. Special: if you failed at the adventure you must wait until level 14 to try again and will receive the benefits of this power with Mighty Attack if successful. Otherwise repeat this ‘waiting’ step.
Level 15 Mighty Attack
Declare a Mighty attack before you roll. If the hit succeeds and you deal at least ½ the foes hp or more, you fling that foe back a number of feet equal to damage dealt. Some villains, epic foes, and large foes may be immune to this (check with your GM).
If you throw the foe into another enemy or a brick wall/lava pit they may be subject to additional damage at the GM’s discretion.
You can attempt up to five mighty attacks per adventure. Each attempt costs one use.
Level 19 Prep for Epic Level Adventure
The GM should lay down the groundwork for an epic adventure needed to achieve epic character status. If the heroes succeed on the next adventure they are awarded (or build themselves) epic fortresses with vast territories and achieve epic level status. If they fail (but survive) they must wait another 5 levels to try again and so forth.
Level 20 Epic Level Power and Stronghold
You gain land equal to the average small kingdom in the campaign world, become a sovereign or superior vassal of your king, and gain an average fortress. If you pay extra money or did particularly well on the adventure to achieve level 20 you can get an even bigger fortress or more land.
In addition to your fortress (which can be an alternate dimension you created if you’re a magical character) you gain 1,000 loyal 0-level henchmen followers and a band of 10 loyal 5th level type II henchmen with 1 power and 4 skills each determined by the GM with your input. See Chapter Fourteen: Henchman for more details.
Your kingdom has many more people in it, they just aren’t as willing to come with you without pay and risk their lives. Your treasury provides you with minimum 1,000 gold each year.
You gain 1 Epic Level Power from any one class you possess for no xp cost. If you failed on the adventure to achieve 20th level you must wait another 5 levels to try again and so forth. If you succeed, you gain the usual benefits for gaining that level and all the benefits of gaining 20th level as well.
Level 25 Epic Skill Bonus
You gain +5 to any one specific skill you choose.
If you’ve completed the Legendary Quest of level 10 you may now take an additional Legendary power for free. If you have none, you may take a regular power or 3,000 xp instead.
Level 30 Epic Accuracy and Epic Level Power
Your skill is such that you rarely fail. Every encounter you may re-roll any one dice roll and take the higher result of the two. In addition, you score an automatic hit and a critical on a roll of 19-20 instead of only 20 and deal x2 damage/effect as usual.
You may take any one Epic Level power from a class you possess for free. If you have none, you may take a Legendary power, a regular power, or 3,000 xp instead. 
Level 31 Prep for Final Adventure
In preparation for the final battle to save the universe you stock up on allies, supplies, and intelligence for the final battle at level 32 and the end of the campaign. This could be very difficult and you might even die or lose!
Level 32 Victory!
You may stock up on the best weaponry, equipment, and such in the land and embark on a final quest of glory for an epic cause. If you accomplish your aim you save the universe, defeat and purge all evil from the land, become emperors of the campaign world, become deities, or just retire in peace after saving the world one last time. Your character converts to a wise and benevolent monarch controlled by the GM and your new characters start off at 1st level in a mighty new world with new problems, monsters to face, and lands to explore. You may even meet and be aided by your epic retired characters. Well done, you’ve beaten the game! Or have you?...new and greater dangers may yet lurk and who knows when the GM or game designers will design rules past 32nd and your epic heroes will be called upon once again to even greater challenges.
Unlimited Advancement (Optional)
You may advance to any character level. Keep gaining powers, skills, hp, and levels as usual. The GM might also want to ‘invent’ some new sweet epic powers and items you can get.
Part 6.1: Advancement Chart
Level 5: Player Power: Better than normal power.
Level 10: Legendary Power and Bonus Skill: 1 extra power and 1 new skill.
Level 15: Mighty Attack: Chance to fling back weaker foes 5 per adventure.
Level 20: Epic Level Power and Stronghold: 1,000 men, gold, 10 elite henchmen.
Level 25: Epic Skill Bonus: +5 to one specific skill and 1 Legendary Power.
Level 30: Epic Accuracy and Epic Level Power. Epic Accuracy: critical on 19-20 and 1 re-roll per encounter (take best result).
Chapter Seven: GM’s Section

Rewards
The GM is in charge of all rewards in this section and elsewhere in this book. A character gains 1 hp when he or she gains a level. You gain 1 level for every 1,000 xp you earn. Other rewards include: fame, respect, money, magical items, lands and castles, titles, and any number of other things a crafty GM can come up with.
XP
You should award xp to characters and players who do or say funny things, accomplish significant tasks (like saving innocents, and defeating bad guys), and for good role-playing of their characters. At the completion of a successful adventure you should also award all players a fixed amount of xp so no one feels left out or receives significantly more xp than anyone else. Keep it balanced, fair and fun.
A good rule of thumb is to award an average of 1,000 xp to each player on a successful adventure. All players keep a running total of their xp on their character sheet and also record xp spent on buying various in-game abilities as per the table below. Feel free to add anything to it you wish. Xp stays the same at all level tiers.
Training Variant: You can allow player’s to spend a large sum of money to receive training in a skill or power and thus buy it and add it to their character.
XP Award Styles
You can tailor the game and advancement to what you want by moderating xp awards based on adventures. The three most common play styles with xp are outlined below along with disadvantages and advantages.
Story Campaign
In a long-term story campaign the average experience award per adventure should be 1,000. Thus, every adventure the players will gain roughly one level and every three adventures they will be able to afford a power if they saved their experience points. It will take roughly 30 adventures to complete the campaign which is plenty of time to build up great characters and role-play.
Action Campaign
For new players or those not sure if they like Challenger yet, I recommend the action campaign with average experience awards of 3,000 per character per adventure. This will let most players level up three times per adventure and gain a power every adventure if they spend their experience points on it. Thus, players will rarely have to wait to buy what they want, they get something cool at the end of every adventure, and every couple of adventures they’ll get a sweet high level power. The campaign will end in roughly 10 adventures if you play an action campaign, but most campaigns with a new game system last that long anyway. It’s also great to get a feel for the game’s level and power structure if you’re new to playing it. If you keep advancing beyond the written rules you can feel free to give out even more experience points as you blister into the high hundreds of levels.
Epic Campaign
Also known as ‘over the top’, in this campaign everyone receives roughly 5,000 experience points at the end of a successful adventure. Play this style if you want to purely kick butt. Your characters will advance in leaps and bounds and the as written campaign will end in roughly 6 adventures. If you want to be kicking the butt of the deities and greater demons within a couple weeks, this might be the ideal play system. You’ll also be picking up sweet high level powers roughly every adventure. This means your character is likely to change drastically every time you play her. This style of play isn’t recommended for those inexperienced with the game, but if you’re an experienced role-player and might not play this system again, it could be fun. Once you get off the chart and into high levels you can feel free to give out even more than 5,000 experience points per adventure and get into the high hundreds of levels.
Part 7.1: Xp Award Table
Overcoming a Very Easy Challenge: 0 xp
Overcoming an Easy challenge: 10 xp 
Overcoming a Moderate Challenge: 25 xp
Overcoming a Difficult challenge: 50 xp 
Overcoming a Very Difficult challenge: 100 xp 
Overcoming an Extreme challenge: 500 xp 
Doing something worthy of xp: 1 to 1,000 xp
XP Awards Explained
A very easy challenge alone is worth no xp. You only gain rewards in Challenger for actually doing things which are a challenge. In any situation where the outcome is obvious or the heroes win with little or no trouble there is no xp award.
An easy challenge is anything roughly easy for the party to do. It frequently encompasses easy challenge monsters, RR 10 traps and obstacles, minor role-playing challenges, and similar.
A moderate challenge is anything of average difficulty. This could be average amounts of monsters, an average opponent, an RR 13 trap or obstacle, a mundane riddle or puzzle, an average bargaining session, or a pretty standard role-playing challenge.
A difficult challenge is anything the party has trouble with. This could be multiple monsters, a difficult monster, an RR 15 trap or obstacle, a tricky puzzle or riddle, a tough negotiation or role-playing challenge, or an easy challenge which went bad for the heroes.
A very difficult challenge is any event or challenge where the heroes only barely scrape by or have to use immensely clever tactics to win out. This involves beating large numbers of foes, superior foes, possibly a very difficult monster, outwitting a highly intelligent opponent, accomplishing a tough RR 20 task, facing and beating a deadly trap, or doing anything else which requires a lot of skill like negotiating with an insane prince.
An extreme challenge is anything you didn’t even think the PCs could handle. This might include stopping a flood, defeating an arch-villain, facing an extreme monster, RR 25 or 30 challenges, beating an army of foes, making a villain a friend, negotiating a peace treaty, or doing something else truly heroic like saving a village or rescuing children from a burning building.
Doing something Worthy of XP: at higher levels of game-play with experienced players and an experienced GM this may become one of the only things which gives you experience points. As the GM and as a play group you should determine what you deem worthy of reward with experience points and only grant experience points for those things. For example, here are a few things I think are worthy of experience points: making the game more fun for all involved, participating well in the adventure, role-playing well, accomplishing difficult tasks, doing noble and heroic deeds, saving lives, creating a good story, and behaving selflessly.
Here are some things I don’t think should award xp: killing monsters, gaining treasure, stealing things, doing things which require no skill or role-playing, power-gaming, being better than everyone else, abusing the game or story, annoying the GM or fellow players, or doing anything evil or selfish. I do make occasional exceptions such as a good thief stealing something from a bad guy for a good cause. To my mind, it’s more worthy of experience points to befriend monsters or avoid combat than to kill them. However, anything which is a noble challenge should be worth xp in Challenger.
Challenge Vs. RR
When comparing the difficulty of a challenge to an RR, the challenge always wins out. A player with +50 jump who jumps over an extreme RR 30 chasm has accomplished a very easy challenge (0 xp) not an extreme challenge (500 xp) because it was very easy for him. A guy with +0 in jump who rolled 3 twenties in a row and did the same thing would get a higher xp award. Use your best judgment when awarding experience points for overcoming skill challenges.
Types of Experience Rewards
There are four basic types of experience rewards. Group rewards, Individual rewards, Adventure Finish rewards, and Worthiness awards. 
A Group award is anything on the chart above. The total of all group rewards is tallied at the end of an adventure, divided by the number of players involved, and awarded in equal parts to all survivors. So if there was a group award of 2,500 xp for 5 players and one died each player would get 500 xp except the fellow who was dead unless he comes back to life by some means.
An Individual reward is awarded only to one player at the time that player does something particularly worthy or clever. Typically this award is for accomplishing something solo or role-playing well. This award is gained instantly during game-play and awarded by the GM on the spot.
Adventure End rewards are a specific large amount of xp usually from 100 to 1,000 awarded to all players at the end of a successful adventure. Each player earns the full amount of an Adventure End reward. Try to keep the players more or less balanced in levels if not exact amounts of experience points. You should never have one or more players 5 or more levels higher than all the others. If a new player joins the game that player may start out at the lowest level of any other character in the group.
Worthy xp awards are always awarded at the end of an adventure. They are individual awards of a large amount given to each player based on the 3 or more best things each player did on the adventure. For example: the GM might award all players a fixed 1,000 xp for the Adventure End and between 100 and 500 xp for each of the 3 worthy things the players come up with. Base a worthy award on how worthy something was to do. Also use it as a clever way to find out what the players like to do in your adventures and try to work more of that in next time.
Part 7.2: XP Costs for Character Additions
1 hp costs: 600 xp 
1 New Skill costs: 1,000 xp.
1 New Skill outside class skill access costs: 2,000 xp.
+1 to a Skill costs: 100 xp x the new bonus added. See below.
1 New Power costs: 3,000 xp
1 New Class costs: 5,000 xp. GM’s discretion whether you can take a new class or not. If you have two classes and you’re taking a third of a different subtype, the cost is automatically 10,000 xp instead of 5,000 xp for a third class and 5,000 thereafter.
Skill XP Costs
+1 costs: 100 xp total, 100 xp to advance from +0
+2 costs: 300 xp total, 200 xp to advance from +1
+3 costs: 600 xp total, 300 xp to advance from +2
+4 costs: 1,000 xp total, 400 xp to advance from +3
+5 costs: 1,500 xp total, 500 xp to advance from +4
+6 costs: 2,100 xp total, 600 xp to advance from +5
+7 costs: 2,800 xp total, 700 xp to advance from +6
+8 costs: 3,600 xp total, 800 xp to advance from +7
+9 costs: 4,500 xp total, 900 xp to advance from +8
+10 costs: 5,500 xp total, 1,000 xp to advance from +9, and so forth…
XP Skill Purchase Explained
For every +1 you personally buy and add to your character for any specific skill you pay 100 xp x the number of total bonus you’ve now added. For example: Bob has stealth at +5 and Slums which gives him +2 to stealth for a total of +7 at first level. When Bob reaches 2nd level he spends 100 xp to advance stealth to +8 (+1 spent personally) another 200 xp to advance it to +9, and 300 xp for +10 (a total of 600 xp spent) and so forth.
If Bob were to advance any skill a total of +10 in bonus it would cost him a total of 5,500 xp.
Essentially you only pay for the total bonus you’ve added to the skill, not the bonuses inherent in the skill type (like being a specific or broad skill) or any bonuses received through powers or background powers (such as Slums for +2 stealth). 
Even if you had a skill at +10 if it was the first time you were advancing it with xp it would only cost 100 xp to go to +11 and so forth.
Treasure
There are many kinds of rewards in the game: fame, titles, lands, wealth, magic items, story awards, good adventures, and so forth. One of the favorites among players is wealth in one form or another. This is because they can use wealth to buy just about anything else they want. Initially, it is recommended you include a lot of material awards in your games but as your game and experience matures you should phase out material awards and phase in immaterial ones which are far more worthwhile and create better games.
There are many kinds of material treasure, and I’ll try to outline some of the most common ones for you here below:
1. Money: Gold coins. This is the simplest unit of currency and what all other prices are based on in the game. 100 pennies=1 silver, and 5 silver=1 gold. Feel free to come up with any other values or coins you desire.
2. Gems: Precious or semi-precious stones. These items are prized by the players as universal wealth and are easily transportable as opposed to heavy gold. Common gems are: diamonds, rubies, sapphires, emeralds, opals, and pearls. Feel free to come up with your own. Cut gems are usually more valuable than uncut. Feel free to assign values based on the size and type of gems but they’re usually worth a lot of gold each.
3. Goods: Anything can have value provided you have a buyer. This could include: silks, spices, trade goods, food, beer, artwork, things of fine craftsmanship, pure magic, or whatever else you can think of.
4. Magic Items: The most prized of all material awards, magic items grant powers and abilities to the characters who wield them. They are both rare and powerful. For much more detailed rules and guidelines on magic items, see Chapter Thirteen: Magic Items.
Economics
The economy of a heroic fantasy game is usually somewhat messed up. The standard currency of heroes is the gold coin and they usually have a lot of them. The whole game is based around defeating terrible dragons, overcoming great challenges, rescuing princesses, and finding fabulous treasure hoards and magic items. It’s not uncommon for first level heroes to claim vast hoards containing millions of gold coins. Thus, economics are somewhat messed up. While the average peasant only messes around with copper and silver coins, heroes deal frequently in gold, often overpaying for minor services. 
Part of the fun of the game is being someone rich and powerful. How many times have you dreamed of fulfilling your wildest dreams and being rich and powerful? In Challenger the players get to act out that dream, but you should also enforce good morals at the same time. It is the duty of the rich and powerful to aid those weaker than them. Grant experience point awards for skipping wealth or giving it to a worthy cause. Grant bonuses and power to those who give up that power or don’t consciously seek it out. Reward most highly noble deeds. At high levels of play great players will no longer seek out monetary or material reward and will instead only seek noble causes, righteous deeds to perform, and being a hero! Always reward and encourage that mentality. It creates better game-play for all.
Because the economics of most role-playing games are so messed up it’s tough to write up guidelines for prices. You will have to use your best judgment and try to be fair and reasonable. While it’s not usually a problem if a player buys a million feet of rope or a castle with excessive wealth, buying too many magic items can quickly ruin a game. This is why the price of all magic items is left up to you. Make magic items pricey, whatever pricey means in your games.
Part 7.3: Combat Rules
Challenger is not necessarily a game of combat, but the rules are most heavily weighted in this area for several reasons: combat is the most contentious area of the game, combat is likely to be where the characters have the most at stake, and clear and simple combat rules facilitate faster resolution to allow getting back to the story and role-playing more quickly.
The Combat Round
A round consists of one turn for each player and a final results turn for the GM. The GM should use the results turn to describe any changes in the setting or battle and dictate any free hits made against the characters if applicable. At the end of the results turn a new round begins. Repeat this sequence of turns until combat ends.
A round is usually 10 seconds, but when the GM stacks monsters a round may increase in duration to an unlimited amount. The only important thing to remember is: no matter how long a round is, everyone always gets only 1 turn during a round.
On a turn you can take one primary action, one move action, and any number of free actions the GM will allow. If you’re in melee you cannot move more than one 10’ square per round without provoking free attacks from nearby monsters. Thus, running away from a melee combat will usually result in at least one free attack against you (shields may block only frontal attacks). 
Combat Turn Order
1. The players decide which characters act first and in what order. The player’s characters always act first. If there’s a conflict as to who should go first, everyone should roll reflex saves and the high roller acts first.
2. When attacking: if you hit the foe misses; if you miss, he hits. 
3. Go back to step one and repeat until combat ends.
Attacking
 To make an attack roll 1d20 and add your attack bonus if any. You can never get an attack bonus higher than +5, disregard any bonuses beyond +5. There is no damage or skill cap. If you hit, deal damage according to your weapons. If you miss, the foe hits you and you take damage.
Basic Attack Types
 All characters always have access to a basic attack. Basic melee attacks are either unarmed, natural weapons, or according to your melee weapon. You must be adjacent to foes to attack them in melee. Basic ranged attacks have a default range of 60 ft. and cannot be used in melee except by a ranged specialty character with precision or similar. The GM may allow ranged weapons to be fired at farther ranges so long as you can ‘never fire a ranged weapon for a free attack more than once before melee combat begins’ assuming the foes are actually coming toward you. For realism, the archer class has many powers which enhance how many attacks you can make per round and increase your range. A Basic Magic attack is also ranged and can never be fired beyond 60 ft. as above. Magical attacks bypass most mundane armors. A magic attack can always be used, even in melee combat.
Choke Points
 It is intelligent game-play to hold choke points and engage as many monsters as possible per round. Normally no more than 8 medium sized monsters can attack a single target in melee if surrounded. If you have a ‘line of defense’ only 3 medium sized foes may attack you in melee combat. Defending a doorway may reduce enemies who may target you to 1. Opponents with ranged weapons can always target you if you’re within range and line of sight. 
Part 7.4: Stacking Monsters
 To stack monsters simply create a challenge called ‘x number of monster name’ and assign it an RR, hp, and damage according to your tastes. This is an advanced technique and should only be used by experienced GMs. It greatly speeds up combat, gives otherwise pointlessly weak monsters a chance, and allows for the heroic defeat of large numbers of monsters by the players at high levels of game-play. You can run a fine game without stacking monsters if you wish, but I recommend using them when it’s obviously easier and better to do so. 
A stacked monster challenge always counts as a single monster with a single attack for purposes of the rules. However, the GM should always keep in mind the area covered, time used to engage multiple stacked monsters, and the fact that the challenge may weaken over time as monsters are defeated in it. Try to increase RR and damage over hp to keep the game fast and lethal rather than slow and tedious.
The simplest way to stack monsters is to multiply their damage by the number of creatures in the stack. Make no other changes. Voila, you have created a monster stack!
Combat Blunders
There are several circumstances which the above combat rules do not cover adequately. Whenever these circumstances come up, you should use the below rules instead.
Ineffective Action
When a player takes an ineffective action in battle they are subject to one free hit by any monster which can target them just as if they’d failed that monster’s challenge rating. Ineffective actions cover: doing things which would have no effect, running around in circles, ignoring obvious threats, picking on weakling monsters while much stronger foes are around, or generally using bad tactics or doing illogical things.
No Action
Sometimes a player will just sit around and let a stronger character attack the monster(s). Whenever that happens you may automatically award a single monster a free hit against that character for taking an ineffective/pointless action in the battle (see above). Sometimes you may skip this rule if the player is actually doing something helpful or the monster appears to have its hands full. This rule is meant to discourage abuse of the statistical side of the rules.
Severely Outnumbered
In the GM’s sole discretion if the party is outnumbered by superior or more numerous foes the party members may all or singly be subject to one or more free attacks by those monsters. Most of the time experienced adventurers shouldn’t be subject to this rule because they’re used to being outnumbered. This is just for those exceptional circumstances when the party is severely outnumbered and the GM should let the players know when this is going to happen so they can plan for it or avoid the fight.
Overwhelmed
Lastly, if the party is completely overwhelmed the GM may just say they lose or take infinite amounts of damage. The GM may also assign an outrageous RR or require multiple twenties to be rolled for success. Usually, the GM should make it clear what actions will result in being overwhelmed such as single-handedly charging an army of 1 million orcs. You could always play out the fight, but if you calculate it out the monsters will always eventually win and the dice rolling can get tedious.
Other Combat Rules
The most important combat rules are the ones above. Make sure you read them all thoroughly. The below rules cover other minor circumstances and conditions which may crop up in play from time to time.
Switching Weapons in Combat
You can switch between 3 accessible weapons in the middle of battle as a free action. However, any new weapon you draw causes you to drop the previously held weapon unless you spend a primary action to sheath it or similar. Drawing arrows and daggers are usually free actions.
Movement in Combat
Fleeing: if you flee directly away from your opponents at x2 movement rate (no attacks) you take 1 free automatic hit from any 1 creature the GM chooses.
Charging: you can move up to double your movement rate in a straight line and make a melee attack at the end of your charge.
Guarding: to stop a foe/PC from reaching a specific target by walking past his guards, see Readied Actions below.
Readied Actions
Any character/creature may ready an action instead of taking their action on their turn. They may delay their initiative count indefinitely until they take the readied action at any time directly before any one action they can see coming.
For example: two guards ready melee attacks against anyone who runs past them to attack the king. When this happens they take their 2 melee attacks (one each). 
If a readied action is used against a PC he must roll the creature’s RR or suffer the effects of the readied action. A success in this situation does not deal damage like normal, it only evades the creature’s readied action.
Trade In: If you reach the lowest initiative count in a battle and you still haven’t used your readied action (for whatever reason) everyone with any readied actions still available may, if they wish, trade them in for a single attack/skill action, but no movement whatsoever. These new actions are in initiative order originally rolled, followed by monsters if any.
The PCs always attack first! Opponents can never ready actions to attack the PCs ‘as soon as they see them’. PCs should clearly be able to see what actions will trigger a readied attack against them so they can always ‘make the first move’ even if that move will trigger a hail of arrows in response.
Pursuing and Running Away
To outrun a monster or to catch one, roll a Run skill check vs. an RR equal to 10 + the movement (not running movement) of the opponent. If you succeed you’ve escaped and if you fail you’ve been caught (or lost your prey). Alternately, the GM can simply rule that the faster creature/character (highest movement) wins any race.
Running away usually results in at least one free hit against you by one of the monsters who could target you as you flee. You cannot use your shield to try to block this attack. See the Combat Rules section above for further details.
Attacking PCs
Attacking your fellow PCs is not encouraged in this game so there are no rules governing such actions. If it should ever become necessary to calculate a hit chance vs. a fellow party member (because of mind control or something odd) the RR to do so is 10 + the defender’s Armor rating (if any). If the defender is 5 or more levels higher than the attacker the RR is increased by 2. If the defender is 10 or more levels higher, the RR is increased by another 2 for a maximum total of +4.
This also applies to skill checks used against that character in the same way, such as a diplomacy check to convince a confused ally not to target his friends with attacks.
PCs in a battle should be allowed to trade off attacking and defending with the high initiative roller attacking first. This allows them each to employ specific tactics and powers on a turn by turn basis.
Part 7.5: Healing
You heal 1d6 hp per 12 hours of bed rest for every set of 10 hp you have (round up).
Alternate: Fast Healing: you heal to max hp after any significant rest period.
Alternate: Slow Healing: it takes weeks to recover from major wounds. 
Remember: hp is only an abstract value and doesn’t mean your character actually gets physically tougher when you gain hp. It should take the same amount of time for a 100 hp character to heal as a 10 hp character to heal.
Dying
At 0 hp you are barely conscious and cannot move. At -1 to -9 hp you are unconscious and dying. You lose 1 hp per round until healed or dead. If there’s no one around to heal you a hero may roll a single physical saving throw RR 10 to recover to 1 hp at a time determined by the GM. At -10 hp you are dead. Any unconscious character can be slain automatically without a roll by any one attack by an enemy.
Monster HP: monsters usually die at 0 hp but you can revive them at -1 to -9 hp if it’s crucial to the game.
Unarmed Combat
A character deals 1d4 damage unarmed and 1d5 damage with an improvised weapon by default. Taking the Unarmed Fighting skill will improve this. If you have natural weaponry from a power in a race, you can use that as your unarmed damage instead.
Surprise and Tactics
Surprise grants +2 attack to the PCs on the first round of combat and +2 RR on the first round of combat to monsters. Using clever tactics may also grant similar bonuses for the duration of the tactics. Usually only PCs can use clever tactics such as: flanking, sneak attacks, and so forth.
Ganging up on Monsters
If two or more characters attack the same monster when it has no allies around, the GM may wish to grant a small bonus such as +2 to attack to all characters doing so. This bonus might increase to +3 if the whole party attacks a single foe. This is to encourage all the players to engage helpfully in a battle rather than sit around and wait to see what happens.
If the party will obviously overwhelm something or the foe has no chance, the GM may rule the battle an automatic success in his sole discretion.
Monster Attacks
All monsters can attack and engage an unlimited number of times. Ganging up bonuses are used to represent the monster being overwhelmed. If the GM feels a monster should run out of attacks for some reason he may allow the players to start free attacking that monster with no consequences for failure, but this should rarely, if ever, happen. It is better to keep the risk of failure and simply add incentives like attack and damage bonuses for attacking a single opponent. Also, these bonuses should never come into play when there are other monsters about which should be engaged tactically by the party or if they’re fighting a very strong opponent like a dragon. This rule only ever applies against single weak monsters or small numbers of opponents heavily outnumbered by the party.
Movement
All characters have base overland movement of 3. All mounts (horses and similar) have base movement of 12. This stat is modified by the Movement skill. A characters movement is an abstract number representing how many grid squares they can move in tactical combat, or roughly how many feet (x10) they can move in a round. So a character with 4 movement could move 4 squares or 40 ft. per round. Running doubles this modifier but requires an endurance check periodically to keep up the pace (increasing RRs).
Saving Throws
All players have access to a saving throw at +0 against any extreme effects which would cause them: death, transformation, loss of their mind, or any such bad things. The saving throw RR is always at the GM’s discretion or listed in the book. Making a successful saving throw might still result in suffering some of the effects of the attack. You always get a saving throw against any damage or harmful effects resulting from another player failing a challenge even if it’s only to reduce the damage. You can’t make a saving throw against normal combat damage you receive when you fail a challenge yourself.
Reflexes, Physical Strength, and Mental Strength all add bonuses to specific saving throws. See: Skills for details.
Critical Success and Failure
A natural (unmodified) roll of 20 on a twenty-sided die is always a success and if it’s a combat roll results in you dealing double damage. It represents great success with a skill or acing something. By the same token, a natural unmodified roll of 1 is an automatic failure and usually results in something particularly bad happening.
Max +5 to a Combat Roll Rule
The maximum bonus to a combat dice roll from powers and magic items is +5. 
Max +5 to a Saving Throw Rule
The maximum bonus to any one kind of saving throw is +5.
Max +5 to a Power Roll Rule
The maximum bonus to any power roll is +5.
Falling
Generally, falling deals 1d6 damage x 10 ft. fallen to a maximum of 6d6 when you fall from an endlessly high height. The GM may feel free to modify these rules as he sees fit.
Underwater Combat
Generally, you take a -2 penalty to all skills and attack rolls underwater. Additionally, some light source must be found and a way to breathe underwater. If you hold your breath, you might have to make endurance skill checks periodically or risk drowning.
Chapter Eight: Adventure and Game Design
Originally Challenger was intended to be for the experienced gamer. It was intended to let you advance your game to the next level through superior role-playing, faster rules, and a more open-ended approach to gaming. However, it was so successful that many new gamers have been starting out with Challenger which I’m very proud of. This does present some problems because I now must explain the basics before getting into the advanced concepts which are so integral to the core of the true Challenger experience.
If you’re an experienced GM you may feel free to skip this chapter. If you’re new to the fine art of GMing then you’re in the right place. 
Herein I will try to start simple and explain the fundamental concepts which make any good game tick. I’ll rank the below sections from 1. (easy) to 6. (difficult). I’d recommend you start with 1. if you’re new to the game and only move on to the next step when you feel comfortable doing so. There’s no sense skipping ahead because you’ll only be cheating yourself in the long run.
Part 8.1: Welcome to Game Mastering
Game Mastering is a fine art which should not be taken lightly. It is hard work and requires a creative mind, imagination, sharp wit, and a desire to provide the fun of the game to the players. However, the rewards are well worth it.
It is my intention, lofty as it may seem, to make GMing simple and easy with this chapter. If I do my job right you should find learning to GM a breeze. By definition, game mastering is hard work. It is your duty to create a good game, entertain the players, know the rules, create the universe or ‘campaign world’ in which the adventures will be set and of course to design the adventures the player’s heroes will embark on.
This may sound very complicated, but if you follow the steps herein (very slowly) and read the book thoroughly you shouldn’t have much trouble at all.
Ready? Here we go!
Step 1. Pre-made Adventures
This is your first task on the road to game mastering. Play the sample adventure as written with your players. Don’t worry if you mess stuff up, it’s a learning experience.
Read the adventure through before play so you understand it and then follow the instructions written therein as you play the game with the players. 
After you’re done, if there were any problems try to look them up in these rules. Failing that, try to figure out how you can fix it. Making the game better is part of the GM’s job.
When you’re ready to try again download the many free adventures for Challenger and play through them as well. I guarantee if you make it through all of them you’ll learn plenty about the art of GMing. 
Once you think you have the hang of this feel free to proceed to step 2.
Step 2. Creating your First World, Dungeon, and Village!
You are now ready to truly start your career as a game master. If you’ve accomplished step one you will have a firm idea of how adventures work. By this point you may have some great ideas bursting to come out in the form of adventures, but bear with me for a while longer while we get you trained up!
Challenger was meant to be open-ended and player-responsive. For now, ignore that. Right now you’re making what’s called a pre-planned adventure. Pre-planned adventures are the traditional form and all published adventures are pre-planned. I feel pre-planned adventures are inferior to open-ended ones but they’re much easier to run so don’t worry about that until step 6. For now, we’re going to be using the easiest system possible: the tried, tested, and true pre-planned adventure.
A dungeon is not actually a literal dungeon where people are thrown as prisoners. In the context of an RPG a dungeon is any enclosed area such as a: sailing ship, star ship interior, castle, tower, underground labyrinth, building, or possibly even a forest.
The definition of a dungeon in role-playing terms is any enclosed space with rooms. Most dungeons also have corridors and doors but they’re not strictly necessary.
The reason we’re using a dungeon is because it’s the easiest setting to implement for an adventure and follows a grand tradition. For now we’ll be using the standard: random hole in the ground dungeon. For strange reasons I’ll get into in a minute, all dungeons usually contain monsters and treasures.
For more tips and guidelines on creating dungeons, see Chapter Nine: Creating a Dungeon.
Okay, here are the core concepts of adventure design. If you take nothing else from this section, remember this! 
A. Conflict: conflict is defined as any two opposing forces with something very valuable at stake. Neither will back down, there will be some form of battle (but not necessarily fighting) and neither side will give up. The outcome of a conflict must never be clear or it’s not really conflict but a one-sided win. For our purposes, one side of the conflict is the players, the other the monsters (but it can be anything; more on that later). This is the most integral part of all stories, so remember it well.
B. Danger: there must always be danger to the heroes in a successful adventure. Usually this danger is from monsters, but it can be anything. Please note that danger does not need to be physical nor does it need to be danger to the heroes themselves. For now we’ll be using the simplest form of danger in an RPG: monsters who can eat you.
C. Fear: there must always be fear on the hero’s part to run a successful adventure. As long as you have fear you don’t actually need Danger. Fear usually results from the threat of danger which usually results from the conflicts in an adventure. See how conflict is so important?
And last but not least:
D. Reward: there must always be a motivation and something very valuable at stake in any conflict for it to be successful. This is the reason the heroes will be facing all that danger fear and conflict. Otherwise any sane person would just run for the hills. Always remember D. or your heroes are liable to ignore your adventures and run away from the challenge! The most basic reward/motivation is greed and power. That’s not a very noble motivation, but it works. When you’re more advanced I’ll show you how to replace that motivation with something better. For now the motivation will be greed and accumulation of power on the player’s part. That’s the treasure I mentioned earlier. The Conflict is generated when the players fight the monsters in a life or death battle because they want the treasure, and the monsters want to eat them. I hope you can now see why we put monsters and treasure in the dungeon. Yes, I know this all sounds terribly crazy and weird, but it works. You’ve just learned the basis of most successful RPG games. Challenger is built around cooler concepts, but those concepts will only work once you understand the integral keys to adventure design fully enough to start expanding and changing them. You’ll hopefully notice the 4 keys are worded in an open-ended manner. When we get to more advanced techniques, I’ll show you how to master them for your own purposes and create the games and stories you really want to.
The Village: Here’s some world building for you. Eventually you’ll need to create the whole world and universe, but for now let’s just work on one small village. RPGs are like movies and you’re like a director. A good movie portrays a world but it’s only an illusion. There are only actually a few speaking parts and even fewer main characters. Obviously the player’s characters are main characters. Other than that you only need a few NPCs to play other roles. I’d recommend designing roughly 5 personalities to include in the village and drawing a small map of it. Pay particular attention to the: leaders of the village, places the players might shop, the local bar or tavern, and some temple of healing or other.
Around your map you should draw a few landscape features like: forests, rivers, mountains, cities, villages, and what not. Don’t worry about them. Just know what’s there in case the players ask. If the players want to go there simply inform them you’re still learning to GM and eventually they’ll be able to go anywhere, meet anyone, and do anything they want.
The Dungeon: Create an entry and draw corridors on a piece of paper. Graph paper is ideal if you need to keep precise measurements of distance. Create doors by drawing lines in the corridors and use boxes for rooms. Number each room consecutively. You may doodle small furnishings in the rooms, but this is not required.
Now comes the fun part: populating the dungeon with monsters and treasure. You’ve no doubt noticed that this all doesn’t make much sense yet. Don’t worry about that. For now it’s enough to tell the players (when your adventure is ready) that their band of heroes have valiantly decided to slay all the monsters, and grab all the treasures in the dungeon to protect the village. Be sure to name the village.
On a separate piece of paper write down a brief description of each room in your own words, what monsters lair there (which you may design or pick from the monster chapter with an eye to making a fair challenge), and what treasures lie there. Be sure to go over the top with treasures and include some magic items among them. 
If you’re feeling ambitious add some traps, obstacles, and weird riddles and such to the dungeon. Only design about 10 rooms but leave the rest of the map blank so you can design more later.
When all this is done you may start the adventure with the heroes in the village. They may wander around, talk with the NPCs, and buy any goods they can afford you deem would be for sale. Eventually they must enter the dungeon. They should have a light source to find their way. They must now whack all the monsters, defeat all the obstacles and traps, and grab all the treasure.
When the dungeon is completed you may inform them the adventure is over and award them xp according to how well you think they played. See also Chapter Seven: The GM’s Section for xp tables and rewards.
Before the next adventure they will probably return to the village with tales of their adventure and may spend any treasure they acquired to buy useful items or possibly even magic items if any are available for sale.
Between game sessions expand your dungeon as much as you want. Come up with new mission ideas such as: befriend a certain monster, rescue a villager, find and save a princess, slay a dragon, recover a specific magic item, find a secret door, uncover a special treasure, navigate a maze, and so forth. Try your hand at creating anything weird you feel you’re up to. Incorporate some role-play only, skill only, and wits only challenges. Borrow tricks from other game designers and adventures.
Remember: you are an impartial referee. You don’t try to kill off the player’s characters. You win when they have fun. Answer all their questions, fix any problems in the rules, balance the player’s characters so everyone has fun, discourage conflict and squabbles amongst the players (they are a team), and encourage good game-play and role-playing with experience point rewards.
When you start to get a handle on designing these dungeon adventures you may proceed to step 3. Wilderness Adventures.
Step 3. Wilderness Adventures
Okay, if you’ve made it this far and you’re still having fun, you must be doing something right. You’re probably well on your way to becoming a master GM. Here you will learn how to run wilderness adventures and expand your world.
Remember that map I had you create? It’s now time to make a new one or expand it. Sketch out a rough of the continent or at least 10 or so kingdoms and 20 separate areas. Name major landscapes, kingdoms, cities, and castles.
Ask the players which area they’d most like to explore. When they choose a wilderness area design a map of that area and mark encounter areas on it with numbers.
A wilderness adventure is the same as a dungeon adventure except there are no walls. The players may move in any direction and go anywhere. This makes them more difficult to run. Since this is still a pre-planned adventure you don’t have to worry too much. If the players try to wander off your new wilderness map simply inform them you’re still learning and they should stick to this area and try to complete the mission.
Assign a mission to the players such as hunting down a specific group of monsters or recovering a lost wagon caravan. Do as before with dungeon rooms, except describe the area the encounter will take place at in the wilderness, which monsters or hazards are there, and what treasures, if any, may be found.
Play out the adventure and watch how it unfolds slightly differently than you may have planned.
Your next task is to lay out several wilderness areas and let the players explore them all and complete missions in any order they choose. When you’ve got a good feel for wilderness adventures you may proceed to step 4. As an exercise, try including some dungeons to be found in wilderness areas. One adventure could be to find the dungeon and the next to defeat the monsters there. You don’t necessarily have to expand this dungeon, it could be small.
Step 4. City Adventures
You may not believe this now, but this is actually the last step before you have all the basic tools to create whole universes. That wasn’t so hard, now was it?
The last type of adventure you should know how to run is a city adventure. You know all those cities, castles, and kingdoms I had you design? Now the players can finally go there and adventure. If you were paying close attention you’ll notice that the sewers of a city and all the buildings (and even castles!) make perfect dungeons in a pinch.
There is one major difference in a city adventure. Most of the encounters will be talking ones! Because most of the residents of a city are civilized people or ‘good guys’ there will be a higher ratio of talking and role-playing encounters. You don’t loot the castle of the good king and fight his guards. Also, there are many sources of food, healing, aid, information, and so forth nearby. This is where you should start experimenting with ‘shades of gray’ adventures and political agendas.
Design a city adventure as you would a wilderness or dungeon one. Choose either a location such as a sewer to be a dungeon or the whole city to be a wilderness area with sites of interest. Possibly both. In addition to the usual monsters to be fought and treasure to be found, try to include additional human elements and intrigues.
One adventure could be rooting out the assassin hiding in the king’s court. Meanwhile the assassin tries to frame the PCs. Time is of the essence and different encounters will occur at different times. The PCs may talk with anyone but only a few people hold the key clues to solve the adventure. As you can see, running a good city based adventure will give you a lot to learn and make an interesting game. Feel free to experiment but just remember the four key concepts we discussed earlier: there must be conflict of opposing forces, danger to the heroes or something they care about, fear of the danger on the player’s part, and reward or motivation for doing so.
Here I’ll try to give you a few more options which I’d mentioned earlier. A conflict does not need to be a fight against a monster. As long as two forces oppose it can be a skill challenge, a role-playing encounter where each side seeks something, or a mental puzzle which must be solved. The danger need not be to the heroes themselves or even physical in nature. If the assassin slays the king the kingdom will fall into turmoil! The fear as well may simply be in the mystery of who the assassin is or where he may strike next. The reward need not be power or even money. It could in fact be the role-playing reward of the king thanking the heroes for saving his life and knighting them (fame and title). After a success, the heroes’ deeds will spread far and wide making them famous. Be sure to have random NPCs mention their names and deeds in future adventures.
To encourage superior game-play it is recommended you start giving higher experience point awards for avoiding combats peacefully, resolving differences with words, exploring, making friends, playing well, being creative, and doing truly difficult things. Reward those things you prize most with the highest amounts of experience points, praise, and material gain whether in treasure or magic items. You will quickly find the players adopt the play styles you desire them to if you reward them better for it.
It is thus easy over time to make the game focus on role-playing and not on rules. On challenges and not on power gaming. Saving lives, doing noble deeds, and disdaining wealth may all be encouraged to the point where the players game like true heroes. When you master this you’re well on your way to creating a true Challenger game and not just a lot of monster killing and treasure grabbing with little rhyme or reason.
Step 5. Alternate Settings
Congratulations! You now have all the tools you need to build any world and campaign you desire. For instance: let’s say you want to take the adventures to space. Space is a wilderness area, the interior of a spaceship is a dungeon, and an alien world is much like a city. Hey, wait a second, you already learned how to build all that stuff, right?
Let your imagination run wild and build the world, stories, and adventures you most desire.
Here are but a few setting ideas: ocean, underwater, outer space, time travel, prehistoric, super heroes, oriental, medieval, renaissance, any country, any world, any book, any movie, anything you care to create.
Go to town. Read good books, watch good movies, ask the players what adventures they’d like to play, what magic items they’d like to find, and what you can do to make the game better. Read anything on the art of GMing you can get your hands on. Improve and hone your skills. When you’re ready, proceed to the final step: step 6.
Step 6. True Challenger
You are now ready to make the biggest leap and undertake the grandest adventure. You are now ready to play a true Challenger game. A true Challenger game is not pre-planned as you’ve been doing but a world the players may explore and embark on any adventure they choose. Everything is based on player choice. The mechanics of this game already reflect that. The players can meet anyone, go anywhere, and do anything. As the GM, you must plan out enough to handle what they might do, and also improvise anything you come to which wasn’t planned. This is very difficult to do. If you can’t master it you may continue to play pre-planned adventures. There’s no shame in that. Few people can run a truly open-ended game.
Improvising an open-ended game is much like designing an adventure on the fly. Since you already know how to build any adventure you desire, you should be able to improvise a rewarding adventure by the players’ design and ideas. Don’t make it all random. Deliver a fine story and a fine game. If you can pull this off, the players will love it and think you’re a genius.
The whole problem with pre-planned adventures is they’re never totally satisfying. The players will always feel they have their fates pre-planned (because they are). They’ll end up feeling powerless and balk. You’ll probably have noticed by now the players’ tendency to skip some of your finest adventures and best laid plans. They don’t do this out of spite, it’s just that inkling feeling of being controlled.
You may follow this system if you wish: ask the players what they want to do for the adventure, come up with a general story idea for that, consider as many possibilities as you can, and then let the players embark on the adventure however they choose. You must allow them to skip your storyline if they wish, and you cannot penalize them for doing so. Try to create the stories the players want to play rather than force them to undertake the ones you’ve designed.
Now you will have no need to fight that feeling of being controlled on the players’ part. Set them in your world and turn them loose. They are free to go where they will, do as they please, and may rest assured you will deliver a spectacular and rewarding adventure and epic story. One they have chosen to undertake by design!
Chapter Nine: How to Create a Dungeon
Creating a dungeon couldn’t be easier. Simply draw a random maze of rooms, corridors, and doors; number or letter each location of importance; and throw in loads of monsters, treasures, magic items, traps, puzzles, riddles, obstacles, skill challenges, and non-player characters.
Voila you have created a dungeon!
As in anything, there are tips and strategies to make you better. What may at first appear simple can get incredibly complicated and even become an art form. If you’ve read the chapter on adventure design you’ll already have most of the key tools to creating a good adventure and a dungeon is just a small part of a good adventure. 
Because dungeons are the simplest and most basic adventures to run, I’ll try to give you some key tips on running them here.
Random Encounters
Not every monster or encounter of interest lies in a room forever just waiting for the player’s characters to show up. Some are prowling about, moving around, raiding, or whatever. You should determine 6 or more encounters which would not be suspicious showing up more than once. Write them down and number them. Every so often during the adventure or when the players are messing around and not getting anywhere roll a dice of the appropriate type and have the random encounter show up or be found.
Not all random encounters need even be alive! Random encounters serve several key purposes: they scare the players, they encourage efficient game-play, they discourage time wasting, they add verisimilitude and realism to the game, and they’re great for working in otherwise impossible events and items into the script of the adventure giving it new depth.
If the players are going along fine without your help you may forego random encounters if you wish.
Dungeon Choices
When there is a split of two or more corridors or the choice of two or more doors to open never make this choice meaningless when you can avoid it. There’s nothing more annoying to a player than saying, “Do you choose the door on the right or on the left?” Always try to make all player choices meaningful.
You can accomplish this by describing each route or option in enough detail that the players get a feeling about one or the other. A door carved with skulls and another carved with hearts make two very distinct options. A corridor coated in drool and glowing radioactive green is a much different choice than one scented with rose petals and covered in gold.
Ratio of Encounters
When you’re experienced ratio of encounters doesn’t really matter. You start to realize everything is about the story and role-playing and all encounters are role-playing so you cease to worry about it or you find the right ratios instinctively.
For beginners a good set of ratios is this: Lots of monsters, Lots of treasure, Occasional traps, Occasional Obstacles, and a few talking or pure role-playing encounters.
The reason this ratio works so well is it lets the players whack a lot of monsters and grab a lot of treasure. Just when this is starting to get annoying they run into a few traps which might damage or hinder them (but should rarely kill anyone if ever) and a few puzzles, riddles, mind games, weird magic rooms, skill challenges, obstacles, and people to talk to or situations which require role-playing or exploration.
Blending Encounters
There is no rule which says you must include only monsters and treasure in a dungeon room. Always try to include furnishing and make every encounter unique. A battle against goblins in a square featureless room is annoying and boring. A battle against goblins chucking explosive skulls in a room filled with TNT and dynamite while the roof is collapsing, locked in by a mad sorcerer and with an evil curse about to take effect if a magic gem isn’t broken is a little over the top but it serves to illustrate the point.
There is absolutely nothing holding you back from creating the most crazy situations and encounters you can imagine and then throwing the players into the middle of it.
Why have a trap cause a ball of stone to roll after the party when you can simultaneously add in: evil ghosts attacking them, flame jets and darts shooting from the walls, the floor crumbling, gold falling from a fissure in the roof, and a mad wizard shooting disintegration beams at them?
It might be tempting to throw the party into almost unbeatable situations but try to refrain from doing so too often unless you know there’s a reasonable way out that the players may discover if they’re clever. Having an inescapable maze is cool up until the point the players get bored with it and just want to get out.
Trivial Descriptions
Savvy players soon clue into the GM’s description of something marking the extent of its power, usefulness, or danger. If the party walks into a room and the GM immediately starts telling them about the dark shadowy corner the players will immediately get ready to fight whatever’s hiding in there or poke around with sticks to look for treasure there.
Yes, describe important things, but also confuse the players by describing trivial things as well. Go to town on a bed or a chair and watch the players poke around with it trying to find the trap, hidden monster, or treasure. Next time the players ignore it have the chair attack them, conceal a hidden door, or have a treasure hidden inside a secret compartment.
Also, you obviously don’t have to inform the party where hidden treasures, doors, or monsters lie. Only tell them what is obvious to perceive or where they happen to be looking. If a monster is sitting on the roof waiting to jump down and eat someone and no one looks up you needn’t feel compelled to automatically let them know it’s there. Sometimes you can offer them clues if it’s not too obvious like a bit of drool falling down in front of them.
Part 9.1: How Much Exactly?
While any size of dungeon is fine, I recommend you make at least ten rooms/encounters and you can always leave part of the map blank to create more later. Ten rooms or encounters makes a nice short adventure which will still take a couple of hours to play and you’d be surprised how much adventure a good group can fit in with only ten encounters as long as you let them role-play and story-tell. 
Use the XP Award table to determine amounts of experience points to award for beating your encounters if you don’t have a handle on it yet. For treasure, 100 gold per encounter roughly with an average of 1,000 total in value of treasures found per adventure is reasonable, but whatever works for you. All the treasure can be at a hoard at the end, distributed room by room, or allocated however you see fit.
For every level tier the players achieve multiply the total treasure found by a factor of one so at legendary 200 gold per encounter and epic 300 gold. 
Try to establish an economy and rough prices for magic items. A simple formulae for doing this would be to determine how much wealth the players will on average accumulate over 5 levels at which point they should get roughly 1 good magic item each and roughly 5 minor magic items.
Let’s say the party received 1,000 gold this adventure and will probably receive the same over the next 4 adventures. If there are 5 party members this would mean a good magic item should cost about 500 gold or roughly half a party member’s share of all the money over 5 adventures. This is costly, but most players would take that deal. If they’ve already found magic items the price would obviously increase. A minor item in the above example would probably only cost 100 gold so if the party all bought 5 minor and 1 major magic item each by 5th level they would have spent all their money on magic items.
Of course, magic items aren’t the only thing you can buy. Henchmen, followers, servants, weapons, armor, equipment, lands, castles, and training in skills and abilities are all worthwhile uses of money.
Another good trick is to ask the players what they think they can buy with their wealth. They will no doubt think they can buy much more than what you thought. That might be okay. Consider if it would be reasonable in your game for them to do so and then allow them to help you set the value of gold and treasure based on what you all think it’s worth. Using that as a guide-point you can increase or decrease treasure awards in subsequent adventures to be on par with what you think is reasonable.
Remember: Challenger is about heroes fighting ferocious monsters, facing insane challenges, and claiming fabulous amounts of wealth. Don’t be too stingy, but don’t let them walk all over you either. It’s perfectly reasonable to say, “Yes, you’re as rich as the US Treasury and fifty diamond mines but no you can’t buy a magic item for anything but half your total wealth.”
Money, privilege, and wealth itself won’t usually unbalance the game but letting the players buy unreasonable amounts of anything which boosts them statistically will ruin your game. That’s why the price of magic items and training in skills and abilities is always set by the GM. You’re perfectly within your rights to say no more magic items may be bought and no training may be received if you wish.
Dungeon Basics
While all the rules and such are fun, always remember the basics of dungeons from a story perspective. The area is confined limiting player choice of options. Usually the interior is dark unless a light source can be found. It’s easy to get lost underground, trip, or slip in water or mud. Navigation, light, oxygen, and food are all keys to survival. If you get lost underground and run out of water you’re usually in serious trouble.
Dungeons are often filled with a myriad of dangers beyond the norm: lightless pits, hazardous traps, weird magical effects, villains, monsters, and anything else a GM cares to make up and throw in them. You should make it clear to the players when they’re entering a hazardous dungeon and to be sure that they’re on their guard. Danger and death can strike at any point and can be just around the next corner at a moment’s notice.
While you’re in a village the party could have easy access to friendly non-player characters, town guards, other humans, information at the bar or library, they can consult sages, food and drink are available for a price as are tools, and most villages won’t put up with monsters roaming around them and killing the inhabitants.
In a dungeon, that support network is unusually lost. You’re alone and vulnerable with only your wits and the party’s equipment and magical resources to aid you. Having a buddy to hold the rope can mean the difference between life and death. As can having the rope in the first place. 
In real life a guided tour of a cave is fairly safe. In an adventure going anywhere underground is often tantamount to saying, “I want to risk my life in the most extreme way for the small chance at fabulous fame, wealth, and treasure.”
Absolutely everything in a dungeon will probably be out to get you. This makes a better game. Sometimes it’s clear when you’re entering a dungeon. Other times it’s not. Heading into a deserted castle might be safe or it could be insanely dangerous. In a good adventure there will probably be some amount of danger no matter where you go. The GM has designed the adventure to be like a good book or movie and you know what happens to the heroes in those. Don’t worry too much about the danger, prepare for it, be on your guard, and accept it as the price of being a hero. After all, which hero ever had a lot of fun sitting around nice and safe at home?
Dungeon Maps
The simplest way to map a dungeon is a top down 2d representation either left blank or marked in ten foot squares. For precise mapping, graph paper is ideal. You can also try 3d maps or side profiles but they are more difficult to pull off. Some standard map symbols may be of help to you: a line for a door, an ‘S’ for a secret door, a ‘T’ for a trap, a series of lengthening lines for stairs either marked ‘Up’ or ‘Down’, wavy lines for water or magma, dots for pillars, squares for chests and tables, a large ‘X’ for a trap, and so forth. You may also invent your own map symbols! Generic symbols such as numbers and letters are also great for marking areas of importance on your map which require a greater description elsewhere in your notes. 
If maps are a big part of the coming adventure, it might be handy to have one of the players map the dungeon as they go along. Of course, they don’t know what’s in the dungeon until they get there! You can also cover your map with two or more books to hide parts of the dungeon and only reveal it as you go along. If you use anything transparent the players might see more than they should!
If maps aren’t a big part of your adventure, it can be safely assumed one of the party members is mapping as the characters go along. This saves lots of time and is a matter of taste.
Chapter Ten: Running the Game
While the previous chapters covered the basics of game mastering, this chapter deals with some of the more advanced topics and systems. Only worry about the contents of this chapter when you feel you’ve mastered the basics. Also, feel free to check out “How to Mess with your Player’s Minds” when you’re finished here for even more tips and advice.
Part 10.1: Hidden Checks
Some dice rolls are better made by the GM to keep the players in the dark. While it is acceptable to allow players to roll all attacks, saving throws, and damage against themselves and monsters; some dice rolls should be kept hidden. These dice rolls include: stealth checks, perception checks, most knowledge checks, and social checks to intuit an intention of another character. Essentially, any dice roll which can be interpreted by a player as an unreliable failure or an automatic success should be rolled secretly by the GM.
If a player wants to climb a wall they can make that roll. If they roll low they fall, if they roll high they climb up. If a player wants to see if someone is lying the GM should make the roll in secret and tell the player whether they think the guy is lying or not. If the GM rolled poorly they might get false results while a very good roll might give the right answer but the player can never be totally sure—just like in real life.
Obviously, rolls to find traps and random encounter chances should be made by the GM. Nor does the GM need to tell the player why he’s rolling dice. Sometimes he can do it randomly to keep them guessing. If you ask the players to roll perception all of a sudden they usually know something’s up.
It’s generally a good idea to write down the players basic capabilities on a sheet for your reference including important things like hit points, name, level, race, and classes. Obviously skills and powers might be handy to have too and knowing the players’ perception modifiers and other hidden die rolls in advance is a good idea too.
Part 10.2: Encounter Reactions
Generally, the GM should make up the reaction of all NPCs and monsters encountered. The classifications of reactions are: Very Friendly, Friendly, Neutral, Unfriendly, Hostile, and Insanely Hostile. Some powers and abilities effect reactions and may move the type up or down one or more ratings. Successful use of social skills might also effect reactions. The GM can roll 1d6 for reactions assigning each reaction to the dice roll if he’s feeling random. Generally, anyone at insanely hostile can no longer be influenced by social skills and powers which influence reactions.
Running the Game
As the GM you control all of the: NPC’s, bad guys, kings, wizards, shopkeepers, peasants, soldiers, monsters, dragons, creatures, the weather, the cosmos, the universe, alternate dimensions, the environment, and the world. The player’s control their characters and their characters’ actions, although at times they may even lose control of them if they are mind controlled (though this shouldn’t happen often as it’ll tick off the players). As the GM it’s important to remember that you aren’t trying to ‘win’ or ‘beat’ the players. Instead you’re more of a referee and game facilitator. It’s your job to make sure everyone is having fun. You do this by creating challenging adventures and doing your best to keep everyone happy. If the players are happy, you’ve won.
There are plenty of books on the subject of GMing already written and some are quite comprehensive. In the interest of brevity, this section will only address some of the GM’s main concerns and is designed to get you started on the path to mastering Gming. 
Good GMs are always on the lookout for new story ideas, great movies and books, interesting new challenges to throw at the players, and anything that can help them improve their craft.
Game Balance
Normally it’s your job to keep things fair, interesting, challenging, and fun. This means that when the game bogs down you’re the man to kick-start it. It means when the player’s aren’t having fun or are stuck in the adventure it’s your job to help them out with clues and make things fun. It’s a big job, but it’s worth it. Part of your job as GM is to make sure all of the player’s characters are at a fairly equal power level. If one or more players is left behind the others they may not have as much fun and your main job is to make sure everyone is having fun. Therefore, it is in your mandate to never play favourites and make sure everyone is roughly equal in power. You can either increase the power of weaker characters, giving them free extra powers and skills, or decrease the power of one or more ‘too powerful’ characters. Be sure to explain your reasons when doing this, as some players may get ticked off if you’re messing with their stuff. 
This principal applies equally during the game. Make sure everyone has their time in the spotlight. If you notice one player isn’t getting to do much, then design something specially suited for that character alone. Remember, it’s your job to make sure everyone is having fun. By the same token, don’t design adventures where only one character is the hero. All the player’s characters are the heroes. Only ever design an adventure like this if it’s for a character of a player who is regularly left out, or you intend to do the same for all the other player’s characters.
Inter-Party Conflict
Similar to the balance issue is the problem of player conflict. Some player conflict is good. It adds drama and interest to the story, but always remember the player’s characters are supposed to be a team working together. Never let them actually try to kill off each other, and rarely, if ever, let them split up the group, as this can cause problems for you switching between two or more splinter parties.
The Rule of 6 (Optional)
If the party cannot resolve their differences or if things come to blows each player involved rolls 1d6 with no bonuses. The high roller gets their way. Use this rule only when the players are arguing or one player wants to bash the other over the head or similar. If everyone agrees this is a bad rule, you can get rid of it. I find it immensely speeds up play under these circumstances.
Designing Adventures
This is one of the best parts about being the GM, and everyone has their own systems and methods. Below you’ll find a simple step-by-step guide to making an adventure. When you get the hang of it you can: skip using it completely, add new steps, chuck out ones you don’t use, or whatever you see fit. Remember, you’re the GM, so you’re in charge.
Step-by-Step Adventure Design
1. Think Up a Cool Story Idea: For example: A giant, invincible dragon mind controls a hoard of unkillable demons to take over the world.
2. Ask the Players: What their character’s goals are and what they want out of the adventure. Also be sure to ask them what kinds of rewards they’d like to see in the adventure such as: gold, magical items, equipment, rescuing innocents, fame, lands and titles, or anything else you, or they, can think of. Incorporate all of their goals, motivations, and anything else they want into the adventure (within reason). This will give them a good reason for going on your adventure and not skipping it, which can be very frustrating. If the players do skip your adventure, or do something you never expected, see the Winging It section below. Also be sure not to get mad and squish them like bugs instead, despite being angry, congratulate them, or act cool and nonchalant. It makes you look very professional. 
So let’s say your players each want something different: You include a fortress for the invincible dragon containing a vast hoard of gold, a special magic item one of the player’s characters just happens to want, and a load of innocent people to save.
3. Prepare: If you want/have to Wing It, then skip over to Winging It below, otherwise read on. Now that you have the basis for making an adventure comes the hard part: writing everything down. You should note down names of people and villains the players may meet, stats for the bad guys and/or challenges the players might face, floor plans for any dungeons, fortresses, castles, or wildernesses, and/or a numbered layout of encounters the characters might face in the approximate order they might face them in. For the invincible dragon it’s pretty safe to assume the heroes will attack the fortress, so the GM scribbles some aimless rectangles, stairs, lines for corridors, and a sequential numbering in the rooms for the fortress; not bothering to pay attention to common sense or structural engineering. The GM then writes brief descriptions on the king of the land, the dragon, stats for unkillable demons, and a short description of each room by number and the challenges they contain. The ideal amount of prep work is enough to allow you to remember what you made up, but not so much that you’re flipping through notes to find out what’s supposed to happen next. If you find yourself flipping notes, it’s probably a better idea to just make something up and prepare less next time. On a related note, player’s also like handouts such as: treasure maps, cryptic riddles, and pictures of what they find.
4. Run the Adventure: See Step-by-Step Running the Game below. If the players do something you didn’t expect, skip the adventure, or go tangent: see: Winging It below. Some adventures may take multiple play sessions to complete. If you know you won’t be able to finish an adventure in time, try to always plan out a killer cliffhanger like a battle, surprise, or twist ending. This keeps everyone interested for next time. You can do this at the end of adventures too for great effect, but try to let the players get a satisfying ending now and again as well.
5. End of Adventure: The end of an adventure is like the end of a good movie or book. You should save the best/toughest encounters and challenges for last. Make it epic. Pour everything you’ve got into it. Leave nothing on the table. If the players beat this final encounter, reward them heavily and congratulate them thoroughly. They should always feel they’ve accomplished something significant at the end of a good adventure. Allow them time afterwards to soak up the glory, get invited to heroes feasts, test out their new magic items, and count their loot.
6. After the Adventure: When all’s said and done, don’t just leave. Ask the player’s what they liked most about the adventure, what they didn’t like, what confused them. Studiously take notes. This is very important feedback. Carefully consider what they say and use it to make an even better adventure next time. Also pay careful attention to what they want to do for next adventure. You may even want to incorporate step 2. into this step and start planning for the next adventure.
Winging It
There are times in an adventure when the players decide to go off on a random tangent. Sometimes they do something you didn’t expect or skip the adventure completely. Other times you may not have the time (or inclination) to prepare for an adventure. Some GMs even prefer to make everything up on the fly. This is hard to do, but fun if you can pull it off. 
Step-by-Step Winging It
1. Buy Time: Chances are if you’re forced to wing it on short notice you’ll have no clue what to do. So buy time. Don’t hog the show. Let the players tell you what they want to do and then ask them a lot of questions: “How do you plan to tunnel to the center of the earth?” “Where will you get the parts for the drilling machine?” “How much do you think the diamonds at the center of the earth are worth?” Let them muddle through the answers and if they actually decide to do anything, throw more muddle at them. Generate problems, toss in random NPC’s, and let them look for parts across the countryside. As you’re doing this, proceed to step 2.
2. Plan: As you’re buying time, ask the players for details about their new plans. Where are they going? What do they expect to find there? Use these plans as a basis for planning the challenges they might face. Say they want to tunnel to the center of the earth to look for diamonds. Any sane GM would freak out and say, “You can’t!” but, as a master GM, it’s your job to act nonchalant and say, “Okay.” Think up any obstacles they might face: Looking for parts, building the machine, finding loose ground to tunnel into, cave-ins, gas pockets, killer subterranean aliens, a buried sleeping dragon. Once you’ve got all your plans in place, you can stop buying time and proceed to step 3.
3. Let Them Do It: Allow the players to undertake their new mission or objective. Throw your obstacles at them, but don’t try to force them into another adventure or stop them from accomplishing their objective. When they finally beat all the challenges and reach their goal, proceed to step 4.
4. Adventure Climax: As always, end things with a good bang (see adventures above). If they succeed, allow them to accomplish their objective (within reason) and revel in their glories. After this however, spring a problem on them. They get their diamonds at the center of the earth, but someone sabotaged their machine. It breaks and now they’re trapped at the core and have to find a way out. Ooh, interesting, there’s a tunnel leading out, but it’s green and glowing…If you play this kind of thing right, it should be very hard, if not impossible, for them to skip your next adventure.
5. Ask for Feedback: As always, ask the players what they thought of the adventure and what they’d like to see next. (See adventures above).
Running the Game
This table is designed to help you smoothly run an adventure. While the adventure table above shows you how to plan and build an adventure, the running the game table shows you what you’re doing as you play the adventure. Generally it’s a good idea to memorize this table rather than referencing it during play, after a couple times it’ll be second nature and you won’t need to consult this book at all.
Step-by-Step Running the Game
1. Introduction: Allow the players to introduce themselves and their characters to each other. Start the game on a soft note and let them all meet and role-play their characters. This is an important step to let people get their game face on, including yourself. Try role-playing a few minor characters.
2. The First Challenge: At some point the characters find out about the adventure and make plans, then they really get going. Make sure the first challenge shows up early on. Nobody likes to spend hours looking for the fun in a game. This could be a battle, interrogation, encounter with an enemy, high stakes negotiation, skill check, natural obstacle, or cryptic puzzle. Let the player’s roll lots of dice. If they have powers that may spoil the end of the adventure, give them some really tough challenges early on to encourage them to use up these powers to make the end interesting and challenging.
3. The Story Arc: Now that things are rolling, the players should be into the meat of the adventure. Feed off their ideas and plans. If their ideas seem better than yours, use them. If the players seem eager to use their skills and powers, let them. Lots. Allow them to roll a ton of dice and wreak a lot of mayhem. If the players seem more interested in chatting with their foes and role-playing, allow them to resolve problems with talking and less dice rolling. Be sure to include a wide range of challenges that will involve and satisfy all the players. Generally in an adventure, the challenges start off easy and get progressively more difficult until the end and the final climax. Use the early encounters in an adventure to gauge the characters strength. If they succeed too easily, increase the challenge of the future encounters. If they have a hard time, consider weakening the challenges you’d planned for later on.
4. The End: Always make the final encounters the most challenging and most rewarding (if the players succeed). Always make it clear everything is on the line in these encounters, and play up the drama. If the player’s characters fail, consider having them captured by the bad guys, incapacitated, or ridiculed rather than killed. Ask the players what their preference on this matter is before the game as well. Some players don’t want you to pull your punches, and others never want to lose a favourite character. Even if the characters die, you can have them come back to life through magic or miraculously escape death (possibly with a price).
Designing Challenges
Challenges are the heart and soul of the Challenger RPG. Therefore, making good challenges usually results in creating a good game. You’ll have to play around with the numbers a bit until you find what works for you, but below you’ll find a general list of things to keep in mind when designing challenges for your games.
1. Check out the Character’s Capabilities: Read all of the player’s character sheets and consider what powers and skills they might use, and what bonuses they may have (if any). Keep all these factors in mind when designing your challenges. Also keep in mind that 1 point on 1d20 equals 5%. This will help you balance challenges much more easily. Never be afraid to change what you wrote down. If a challenge is too tough or impossible, lower the RR or hp. If a challenge is far too easy, consider adding to the RR or hp of the challenge(s), or adding more challenges.
2. Speed: It’s generally a good idea to keep challenges fast and dangerous rather than slow and tedious. It’s more interesting to fight a deadly dragon than a thousand individual pixies with needles that do .1 damage. Now, if you combined all the pixies into one challenge…that’s a different story. Get a feel for how long challenges run and what works for you and your group. Use the early inconsequential challenges of an adventure to get a feel for the player characters and their capabilities.
3. Reward: most, but not all, challenges come with a reward attached for success. If the player’s defeat multiple challenges they should receive some kind of benefit(s) these can include: money, equipment, passwords, keys, gold, jewels, silver, magic items, titles, honors, privileges, lands, castles, saving innocents, and anything else you or the players can think of. You can pile all the rewards at the end of an adventure, but it’s usually a good idea to scatter some minor or useful rewards throughout the adventure so the players can feel like they’re making progress and accomplishing significant deeds.
4. Penalties: The flip side of challenges is there’s usually a penalty for failure: death, injury, fatigue, starvation, thirst, drowning, poison, mental conditions, a penalty to a roll(s), transformation, mind control, enchantment, hp loss, falling and hurting yourself, traps, something bad happening to someone else, etc. Most challenges should deal hp damage, but feel free to vary it up. Try not to permanently wreak a player’s character. Have transformations be reversible, death be curable, and mind control be temporary.
5. XP: Throughout the game, whenever the players or the characters do anything funny, heroic, or worthwhile, award them xp. This shows them you appreciate and respect their contributions and accomplishments and encourages them to greater feats of heroism.
Rewards
Nothing beats getting a cool doohickey to write down on your character sheet. Okay, maybe saving lives and playing a great adventure; but for times when you don’t have those (or just want to make things even better), there are rewards. Rewards shouldn’t be random, but the product of hard work and effort. Most rewards should be split evenly amongst the group. You should discourage fighting over treasures and make sure the player’s characters have a fair and equitable system for distributing treasure and loot. If, somehow, one character ends up with better stuff than the rest, you should find a way to let the other characters catch up, getting their own cool items, more loot, or more xp. If one player’s item is unbalancing the game, you may have to take it away or modify it for the sake of game balance and fairness.
Below is a table of rewards ideas to get you started on making up your own. Always be sure to ask the player’s for ideas and what they want too.
Rewards List
1. Money: Player’s like money because they can buy stuff with it. Always allow them to trade in their various treasures for money, and buy interesting and useful things with the gold, silver, and jewels they find on their adventures. Be sure to make it clear just how much gold it will cost to buy various things in the game so everyone’s on the same page.
2. Equipment: Player’s like useful equipment that their characters can actually use, but even useless stuff is fine too if it can be sold and the money used to buy other items of interest. Some players even love to collect completely useless junk just for the heck of it. For these players, always be sure to include all kinds of random stuff they can find and pick up.
3. XP: xp or experience points are a great way of saying, “You did a great job” to the players. They are a concrete way of solidly improving a character. Be sure you understand what xp can buy to keep the game balanced and provide appropriately sized xp awards to the players throughout the game (and afterwards).
4. Magic Items: Probably one of the all time favourites of all players. You should make all magic items useful and interesting. Give out magic items only sparingly, as they are extremely powerful. Magic items give players bonuses to their rolls, and access to new and interesting powers, and skills. You should always make sure that magic items do more than just: ‘give you a +1 to attack rolls’. To keep them interesting, give magic items: powers, personalities, distinctive markings, glows, or allow the players to unlock their ‘secret’ and especially powerful one-shot abilities. Remember that you don’t have to reveal a magic item’s properties to the players. Let them experiment and figure the magic item’s powers out on their own. This is also a good way to keep things hidden for later on when they’re needed, or to subtly add powers to an item that you hadn’t thought up at the time. 
5. Intangible Rewards: Arguably the best rewards, intangible rewards are those you can’t put a price-tag on. Saving a village, rescuing innocents, stealing a princess from a dragon, becoming the king of the land or a noble knight, feasts in the player’s characters’ honor, children or villages named after them, NPC’s falling in love with the characters, etc. When the player’s characters do something heroic or extraordinary don’t have everyone just wander around on their daily business, have them gape in awe or faint at the PC’s approach, have the PC’s mobbed by crazy fans, have people throw pies in their face just for the publicity, have the king personally congratulate and honor them with feasts, noble titles, and presents. Allow the PC’s fame to spread to far kingdoms or across the globe so they are recognized on sight by people they’ve never met. Have villains flee them because of their reputation alone, or seek to kill them just to make a name for themselves. Allow them to revel in their glory, or lead the quiet life, as they see fit. This doesn’t mean everyone loves the PC’s after their first adventure, in fact, it can be very interesting if the PC’s are wanted men, outlaws, or have been wrongly accused of a misdeed. Perhaps a villain is even taking credit for their heroic accomplishments. Let them have their glory, but make them earn it.
Campaigns
A campaign is a series of adventures with the same characters. The adventures link together like shows in a television series or books in a trilogy. Each adventure ties into the last or starts a new plot thread. Some adventures contain multiple story lines. Setting up a good campaign is much like setting up a good adventure. The adventures start out small and get greater and greater, both in challenge and scope. The end adventure in a campaign should be the most dramatic of the entire series, just like the end of an adventure should have the most dramatic encounter. Cliffhangers work well for tying adventures together, but don’t forget to have some endings be conclusive. You can always start up a new storyline or threat next adventure. For our ongoing example: A good second link adventure would be: 1. escaping the center of earth, or 2. after the invincible dragon is slain, the PC’s must stop the moon from crashing into the earth. As it turns out, aliens are responsible, and they’re ticked off that the PC’s killed their pet dragon. If one or more characters die during a campaign, and the player’s don’t want them to come back to life, you should allow them to make up new characters at the average level of the other characters in the group. You shouldn’t force them to start out at 1st level when everyone else is at level 55. If the whole group is killed somehow you have two options: They can heroically escape death (or come back to life), or you can start a new campaign with brand new characters at 1st level. If you want, you can start campaigns at levels higher than first, creating higher level characters with extra powers.
Many players enjoy campaigns, because their characters can continue to grow and become more powerful, creating an interesting story in the process. Many GM’s enjoy campaigns because of the ongoing story arc.
Running High Risk Adventures
Most players like to keep their characters alive and thriving for many adventures, leveling them up and becoming more powerful. This is part of the fun of the game. Therefore you should try to keep the game challenging, but also keep character mortality low (if existent at all). Beware of making things too easy, though, for, without challenge, there is no thrill to victory. Before an adventure, for a twist or a one-shot adventure, you can ask the players if they want to play a High Risk Adventure. In a High Risk Adventure the threat of death is very high. It is quite likely all of the characters will die, and the players may need to make multiple back-up characters to continue the adventure. If the players like this idea, go ahead and create a killer adventure with deadly challenges. Always make sure the players are up for such an adventure before springing one on them, as it’s a matter of taste.
One-Shot Adventures
Sometimes you want a break from your regular campaign, other times you can’t remember where you were in the storyline, or the players forget where their character sheets are. Sometimes you don’t even want a campaign, just totally unrelated adventures and new characters all the time. This is perfectly fine. Simply tell the players what kind of characters they can create, and at what levels, and prepare a one-shot adventure for them. This works particularly well with High Risk Adventures, see above.
Players like one-shot adventures because they can be more dangerous and thrilling due to their temporary nature. GM’s like one-shot adventures because they can try out new ideas and settings, and create more dangerous challenges than usual.
NPC Names
Sometimes the players will ask you for the names of things. This can put you on the spot if you can’t immediately think of a good name. One remedy to this problem is to write down a list of names on a piece of paper before the game and when the players ask for the name of the villager, river, or witch you’ll have a handy, pre-made answer.
You can even create multiple columns for first, last, and middle names; appearance, personality, and so forth. This functions much the same as random encounters and lets you introduce seemingly random elements and persons into the game with flair. Feel free to adapt this system creatively to whatever you happen to need.
Final Notes
You’re now well on your way to becoming a master GM. But remember: Nothing beats practice and time. Good luck!
Chapter Eleven: Challenges
It has been the trend with adventure role-playing games to create whole books filled with monsters to challenge the player’s characters. Don’t get me wrong, I like a good monster as much as anybody, however, because of the versatility and compatibility of Challenger’s skill and combat systems there is no need for all challenges to be monsters.
A challenge can be anything, from a locked door, to a rampaging rhino; swimming up rapids, to holding your breath in the vacuum of space. Hotwiring a computer in a futuristic hover-cycle, or smashing a rock with a bigger rock in the ancient days of cavemen.
There are three general kinds of challenges to be faced in Challenger: Combat Challenges: usually living (or at least moving) opponents who directly think and oppose the PCs; Social Challenges: which involve the same kinds of characters but on a battlefield of wits, role-playing and repartee rather than swords and magic; and, Obstacles: those things which generally aren’t sentient, aren’t moving, and won’t try to kill you when your back is turned.
The deadliest challenges are most often those that think and react independently. It is thus recommended that the final challenge of any adventure include some kind of thinking opponent. However, a creative GM can find a way to make even an Obstacle Climax challenging and fun.
Combat Challenges
The PCs will most often act first. The opposition strikes when the PCs miss and when the PCs are overmanned. Using good tactics may minimize the damage taken by foes with superior numbers. Because of how the combat system works, any opponent with 1 hp is exactly equal to a PC with 10 hp. Anyone with 5 hp the PCs faced would really have the equivalent of 15 hp. You should probably stick with foes with smaller amounts of hp unless they are meant to be supernaturally tough or challenging. The average guard, soldier, bandit, or hobgoblin has only 1 hp, the same as any farmer, peasant, servant, or inn keeper. If you want to make them more deadly, increase the RR so they hit more often and increase their damage so they’re more deadly when they do hit. It is not recommended that many foes deal a dice or automatic damage equal to the front row PC’s max hp as this could result in a ‘one-hit kill’, however unlikely.
It is also recommended that you ‘stack up’ similar monsters and challenges. Instead of creating stats for 100 individual orcs, you’re probably much better off creating a challenge called ‘100 orcs’. Not only does this allow the PCs to engage them (and not take free hits) it makes things much easier on you. It is not recommended that you give 100 opponents 100 hp, instead you should probably lower their hp and increase their challenge rating (RR) and damage dealt on a failure instead, this keeps combat fast, furious, and interesting.
Tips from the Pros: Always lower hp and increase RR and damage dealt when you can unless the foe is meant to be fought for a long time or the PCs have high damage output.
Remember to keep in mind that the max attack bonus is +5 for a PC no matter how many advantages, skills, powers, and magic items he or she is using.
Always consider your PCs strengths, powers, weaknesses, strategies, and hp before designing challenges to keep them fast, exciting, and challenging.
Social Challenges
Very similar to combat challenges in that they are fought against living, breathing, and thinking opponents (usually) but with one big difference: role-playing. 
In a combat challenge a PC’s only choice is usually to pull out a d20 and attempt to attack, cajole, or use a skill against an opponent (unless they’re open to talking in which case it becomes a social challenge anyway). In a social challenge the PCs have a choice: pull out the d20’s and diplomacy skills, or talk their way (and role-play their way) out of it. Most experienced players will choose to role-play so keep that in mind when designing social challenges. The d20 roll is usually only pulled out as a last resort or a sign the PCs don’t want to role-play this challenge.
So, apart from getting your role-playing game face on, keep the following in mind: have secrets, have stats (for potential combats escalating out of a social encounter), make the PCs work for things and role-play their butts off, and have RRs and reactions ready for various skill-use tactics (bribery, bluffing, intimidation, or simply being nice).
A master GM can pick up subtle clues from the players during the game as to where their preference lies. If they’re trying to negotiate with all the monsters, incorporate more social challenges. If they continually attack random, helpful PCs, perhaps more combat is in order.
Obstacles
A catchall term for everything else, obstacles take many forms. Usually they aren’t a major feature of the game, but you’ll find them almost everywhere throughout: locked doors, piles of rubble needing to be cleared, rivers which need crossing, malevolent computers, hurricanes, typhoons, icy slopes, shrinking glass prisons, and tightropes across chasms.
If played right an obstacle can be a thrilling challenge equal to any combat. The most powerful and changing obstacles can even seem like an entity in and of themselves. A desperate escape from an erupting volcano by hopping over spits of land in rising lava while rocks fall overhead and poisonous million-degree steam blasts is bound to keep anyone on their toes.
The main thing to keep in mind about obstacles is that the PCs most likely won’t be able to deal more than 1 success (damage) on a hit so they shouldn’t have as many hp as combat challenges (if they have any hp at all). Most challenges require only 1 roll, but the more elaborate ones can certainly require more.
Obstacles also normally rely on specific skills. If the PCs don’t have them, they’re in trouble. Try to incorporate several ‘outs’ into any obstacle. For example: a sheer wall requires a climb check of 18 but all the PCs fail. It is recommended you let them try something else like a use rope check to catch a grapple on the crenellations or maybe even another combined climb check (of course, you don’t have to give them second chances, you can make them find their own way past the wall).
A good rule of thumb is to not make obstacles requirements for success of the mission/adventure. Allow them to make things easier on the PCs, grant them rewards, or lead to new information or clues. If you have a locked door at the end of the tunnel with no other way out and the cavern collapsing behind them and the skills master fails his pick lock check there’s not a lot left for them to do (apart from smash down the door, an ‘out’).
Part 11.1: Rewards
The premise of the system is Risk vs. Reward which is another reason I chose RR for Risk Rating as it encompasses the dual-meaning. When the PCs have to roll it should involve a ‘risk’ and a ‘reward’. Sometimes the reward is nothing more than ‘staying alive’ or ‘keeping my money’. You shouldn’t make the PCs roll to breath, eat, go to sleep, or walk down the street. Now, if the street is turning into magma and archers are shooting down poison arrows on anyone crossing, then you could make them roll to cross the street (probably at a run and not a walk unless they’re particularly daring or stupid).
Often a GM will get so swept up by the story, villains, characters, monsters, traps, or setting that he or she will forget to include rewards. This is your reminder. Don’t forget to include rewards! That’s why it’s called Risk and Reward. Because of the max +5 to a combat roll rule you needn’t fear overpowering the PCs with high-powered magical weaponry. Let them find all kinds of nifty doo-dads on their adventures. To avoid power imbalance problems, closely follow the rules outlined by the powers in this book. To have fun, make stuff up. Players also appreciate monetary reward, fame, and various privileges. Precious metals such as gold, silver, and platinum are always popular as are diamonds and useful pieces of equipment.
From a player’s perspective anything they can actually write down on their sheet is of added value. The goings ons in the game are all somewhat ephemeral to a lesser or greater extent, but anything they can actually write down in lead (or pen) is very real to them. It means they’ve got something and they’re not likely to lose it (or have it forgotten about) anytime in the near (or far) future. This is why gaining levels and new powers is also very important. These things let the PCs have more control over their fate, more power, and exert more influence over the story.
In short: if your players are frequently writing things down on their character sheets it’s a good sign. It means they’re engaged and whatever they’re writing down has importance to them in the story. If one or more of your PCs is writing down the names of villagers keep a mental note of those people. You may just decide to use them later on or in a different adventure. 
Brain Twisters
This is a popular category in obstacles that bears some thought. Since the dawn of role-playing games (and before) people have been playing Sudoku and solving Riddles. Even people who hate other games often like a good riddle (provided they can answer it).
Most of the rules and advice on obstacles apply equally to Brain Twisters, however, the main difference is a Brain Twister has absolutely nothing to do with a PCs stats or their role-playing ability. A mental strength check may solve (and ruin) a Brain Twister but the real purpose of such a test is to challenge the Players’ mental faculties (not the characters mental strength skill). Some of the most popular Brain Twisters are: Riddles, Puzzles, Maps (with hidden things on them), Math Problems, and trick questions with inverted meanings.
Your advantage is there’re already millions of these things everywhere. It can be as simple as going to your local library or an internet search and you could have more than you bargained for. The best Brain Twisters, however, are often the ones you make up yourself. These often involve ludicrous riddles, nonsensical chess board traps, and bizarre crystals with flashing lights, but you’re free to concoct whatever you want. 
The only conceivable problem with a Brain Twister is if everyone fails at it or everyone hates Brain Twisters. If this happens you can drop them clues (this is when to call for those mental strength rolls) or exclude Brain Twisters (if everyone hates them).
Chapter Twelve: Magic Item Crafting
With appropriate skills you may attempt to craft any item in the game or one from your imagination. Ingredients will be required, a successful roll to complete the item, and there will be time constraints on how many items you can create.
Normally it’s not an issue how many items someone can create. However, if the items are of a very powerful or unusual nature more special attention must be paid. Magic items definitely fall under those terms as well as specialized things such as: explosives, poisons, technological items, and so forth.
If someone has the appropriate skill and ingredients and if the project is approved by the GM they may attempt to create anything. If the item would be of high value see the crafting rules below.
Valuable Item Crafting
You will need an appropriate power to craft a magic item or other very valuable item such as a piece of technology or a potion. You will also need a number of special ingredients which can never be bought. They always must be found on adventures thus the GM can control the flow of how many magic items come into the game. If requested, the GM can include 1-3 special item ingredients per item crafter PC per adventure with the average being 2 special ingredients. You can find max 3 special ingredients per adventure.
Part 12.1: Magic Item Ingredient Prices
Minor or One Shot: 1 Ingredient, RR 10
Charged (5): 3 Ingredients, RR 12
Permanent: 5 Ingredients, 1 Quest, RR 15
Legendary: 10 Ingredients 2 Quests, RR 20
Epic: 15 Ingredients, 3 Quests, RR 25
Artifact: 20 Ingredients, 5 Quests, RR 30
Explanation of the Above Table
All magic items you craft require a number of special ingredients which may only be found on adventures. The GM will inform you when you find special ingredients but you should be sure to ask they are included in upcoming adventures if you want them. 
Quests: some powerful items require you go on quest to complete them, find extra ingredients, or learn the recipes for crafting them. So if you wanted to create a magical armor you might need to find a rare steel which would require a quest and so forth. Greater items require more quests.
Level Tier: you can only attempt to craft a legendary item at legendary level, an epic item at epic level, and an artifact at level 25 or beyond. Artifacts are always only with the permission of the GM and are extremely risky to build or use.
RR: This is the forging specific skill roll required to complete the item when you have all necessary ingredients and have completed all necessary quests. If you fail this roll you must go and find everything over again and you cannot attempt to create that item again until the next adventure. All ingredients are wasted usually but you may be able to salvage some. The GM may feel free to skip the forging roll if the item is of reasonable power or increase the RR if the item is particularly strong. The GM may also add additional costs to craft magic items in her sole discretion.
What Items Can I Craft?
Anything you want. For a list of magic items by category, see Chapter Thirteen: Magic Items. GM’s should note you cannot craft the magic items in the magic item chapter. All magic items crafted by a player must be based on an idea and the end result of the item creation is always at the determination of the GM. Found magic items should always be slightly better than those manufactured unless special arrangements are made with the GM such as substituting your found magic items for the ones you create. Players should only be able to gain 1 permanent magic item every 5-10 levels each approximately. If magic item crafters are exceeding this ratio you may feel free to increase the production costs or number of ingredients required as you see fit. Please note: if a magic item crafter shares his or her magic items with the rest of the group this may help keep magic item construction within the desired ratios.
Disassembling Old Items
If the GM allows, you may break down magic items and steal their components to build new ones. Breaking down a magic item usually yields one special ingredient. Some items such as potions and other minor items grant none. Other items, such as very powerful artifacts might grant more. Check with your GM for details.
Chapter Thirteen: Magic Items
Magic items defy categorization and pricing. All magic items should be powerful and unique and many will have multiple powers and properties. Suffice it to say, all magic items should be good and cost a very high price if available for sale at all.
Most magic items will be found on adventures and created by the GM or hand picked to be included from this chapter. If an item is crafted by a player the GM should ask the player what item is desired and then create stats for that magic item as a new creation. Player made magic items should be slightly weaker than those found so players will always have a good reason to go adventuring. If you want, finding rare ingredients may replace the above rule provided the item crafter is willing to share his creations with the rest of the group.
It should be possible to buy magic items but it should be a unique experience each time and the item paid for may not be the item bargained for. All magic items are extremely pricey to buy, regardless, except for the most weak and common items such as healing potions and other one shot magic items which may be purchased more cheaply but are by no means an inexhaustible resource.
How Many Magic Items Can I Have?
The answer to this question is up to the GM. Normally you can have as many as you can get your hands on. A good rule of thumb is one powerful magic item may be found by each player character every 5-10 levels or so. Thus, by the end of a 30 level game the players should all have about 3-6 good magic items each.
With that in mind, the GM may alter the numbers as he sees fit and include as many items of weaker or limited use as he can imagine. Potions and other one shot items in particular should be given out more freely but should still be rare and unique enough to be a valuable find.
How do I get Magic Items?
The GM will place magic items he has created or chosen from this book in adventures your characters will undertake. If your GM is more experienced he’ll design the game around your choices instead of the other way around and getting magic items may be as simple as coming up with the goal of attaining one and then pursuing it in the game.
You may also craft your own magic items with the appropriate powers and skills, take a power which lets you find or craft magic items, or buy them with large sums of gold and/or other wealth.
The price of all magic items will be steep, but they’re often worth it. The GM should keep in mind that for wealth to have any meaning it must be allowed to purchase things the players place value upon. This means gold and other wealth may be used to buy anything mundane as well as magical in appropriate amounts just like in the real world. Unlike the real world, heroes tend to fling around and find a lot of wealth. Make sure to set your magic item prices high enough or modify them as appropriate.
Part 13.1: Reading a Magic Item Entry
Most magic items share some things in common. They have an activation such as drinking a potion, donning a ring, or speaking a command word. They have a physical type such as: potion, scroll, wand, rod, ring, armor, weapon, etc. They grant a bonus to rolls either attack, damage, skills or some combination thereof. Requirements are rarely included in magic items but define who or what can use the item. Charges is how many times you can use a magic item. And lastly they also have one or more special powers or properties much like the powers a player’s character can gain and sometimes a magic item is just that: a power from one of the class or race entries in the book. Most magic items can be used by anyone which makes them very powerful and versatile. Your warrior might not be able to fly, but with a ring of flying he can!
There are cursed items which give penalties rather than bonuses and have bad properties. Sometimes they cannot be removed or destroyed except by means of remove curse or other specific requirements. The GM may allow role-playing to remove bad items within an encounter or two because no one likes getting stuck with a bad magic item.
Artifacts are incredibly powerful magic items so mysterious their properties are often not fully understood. It is always dangerous to use them but they are the most powerful of all magic items.
The mystery of all magic items found should be maintained. No two magic items should ever be the same and discovering what a magic item does, how to activate it, and what hidden properties it might have is an adventure into itself! There is another advantage: when the players don’t know all the secrets of an item you may add in new powers or properties later on when you think of them. Eventually, you should let players discover or know certain mundane things about an item such as bonus to skills or attack so you don’t have to keep mentally modifying that player’s dice rolls.
Are Magic Items Balanced?
No! Magic items are extremely powerful, rare, and unique. They are always unbalancing and fun to gain. The maximum +5 to attack rolls rule goes a long way to balancing attack magic items, but magic items are always powerful and potentially unbalancing. 
I recommend you still use them, balance isn’t everything and there are few things players enjoy better than getting cool magic items. Make sure all magic items are unique and powerful. Describe them well and allow the role-playing of an item’s powers to far outweigh its actual mechanical effects (as in all things in Challenger). Sometimes what a player thinks a magic item does is much better than what you originally intended. Use their ideas instead; that’s just one more key to being a good game master.
Magic items can actually be used by a clever GM as a balancing factor. When one or more players has a character which is technically ‘weaker’ statistically than the others the GM should feel free to give more or better magic items to that player throughout the course of the game until that character is of roughly of equal power with the rest. 
Often a good player will choose a cool character concept at the expense of game power. This should always be encouraged! One way to encourage this is to reward role-playing over game statistics, another way is to reward such fine players with improved statistics and one way of doing that is with magic items which instantly boosts a character’s in-game power. If you do this right your players will quickly learn it’s more important to play a cool character they’re interested in than to go after pure power. 
Type and Activation
Most magic items are worn to activate. This includes: armors, clothes, crowns, necklaces, rings, weapons, and so forth. As long as the item is held or worn its power may be activated as a Full Magic action. Mostly, the powers can be turned off if applicable by the same action. Use your best judgment. Putting on a ring could be a free action, but donning full armor would probably take an hour or more!
Drinking a potion is a free action, but if you drink a second potion on the same round you use up your whole turn.
Bonuses
Most, but not all, magic items confer a bonus to one or more game statistics. Magic weapons give attack and damage bonuses, magic armors and shields give defensive bonuses to armor, and other items give bonuses to skills. Feel free to mix and match bonuses. There’s no reason a magic sword can’t grant +5 swimming or a magic ring can’t grant +1 to armor.
Most items only grant a small bonus such as +1 to +3 if affecting combat related rolls and from +2 to +5 if affecting non combat related rolls. Use your best judgment and the powers elsewhere in this book as a guideline.
Charges
A potion can only be drunk once and then is used up. A magic scroll casts a magical spell one time before the writing disappears. Rubbing a magic lamp will grant you 3 wishes. Wands and staves can only be used so many times before breaking or becoming powerless. Some items have charges. You should determine how many charges are available and when the item will run out or how (if at all) it can be recharged.
Requirements
Most magic items don’t have requirements. They can be used by anyone. That’s just one thing which makes them more powerful. Your warrior can get a cloak of invisibility or your mage can get a magic sword. However, some magic items can only be used by specific classes/races or types of characters or by those with specific skills. For example: wands and staves can only be used by magic or magic subtype characters, a dragon-slaying sword might only be useable by a dragon slayer, a dwarven axe could only be used by a dwarf, and a wizard staff might only be useable by a wizard.
You may determine what, if any, requirements are required to use a magic item but should probably make sure at least one character in the group qualifies for it or the item will be useless to the party!
Powers
Powers are the meat and drink of magic items. Some players couldn’t care less what bonuses a magic item gives or anything else about it so long as it gives one or more cool powers. A magic item power can be anything from the book, any skill, anything from your imagination, or a property from one of the sample items listed herein.
Part 13.2: List of Sample Magic Items
You may use these magic items if you wish, but all magic items should be specifically placed in the game by the GM and all items a player creates should be at the GM’s sole discretion to allow or not or to modify as he sees fit.
The below items come complete with: type, activation, power, requirements, and bonus entries (if applicable to that item) to give you an idea of how magic items work. Some magic items have multiple properties! Please keep in mind that hidden properties cannot be listed here because then they’re not hidden. Also, all properties of a magic item are hidden until discovered by a player. Sometimes a player might not even know an item is magical!
Amulet of Passage: Activate: Wear or Command Word. Type: Necklace. Power: Once per adventure teleport to anywhere you want on any dimension you want that you know of. Once per adventure become totally immaterial for one encounter becoming immune to practically anything non-magical but also unable to affect the physical world. Once per adventure walk through a wall or other solid matter. Once per adventure teleport anywhere you can see normally. Once per adventure go to one dimension of your creation and create the world there including healing and food. You cannot bring items between the worlds except what you brought into it and possibly some allies.
Animal Sphere: Activate: Impact. Type: Animal Picture Sphere. Power: When struck against a hard object this sphere transforms into the animal pictured in the sphere. On the command of its master, the animal shifts back into a sphere. This animal is a completely loyal type I minion pet henchman. You can command it via mental thought as a free action within 60 ft.
Animated Chest: Activate: Command Word. Type: Large Chest. Power: This animated chest is alive and loyal to whoever treats it well. It can move of its own accord using levitation and can attack by biting people. It can hold up to 1,000 lbs. of anything which can fit within the lid by magical means but cannot be forced to spit anything back out it doesn’t want to. Sometimes it will eat people it really doesn’t like.
Animated Object: Activate: Command Word. Type: Object. Power: Animated objects are usually created with a purpose and will listen to no one but their original master and sometimes not even then. These magic items have a command word written on them and any who speak it gain the loyalty of the animated object. The object can be anything but is usually treated as a loyal type I minion henchman.
Animated Rope: Activate: Command Word. Type: Rope 50’. Power: on command this rope will move slowly as you wish it to in any direction including upwards. It has an effective strength of 50 lbs. and may float in any direction so long as one end touches the ground. It can’t attack but it can trip people. This rope is unbreakable.
Aqua Trident: Activate: Wield or Command Word. Type: Weapon. Power: +5 swimming, allows water-breathing, creates intense light on command, can communicate with all fish and plants underwater, you can part water at will, you can walk on water at will, you can create endless amounts of pure water. Bonus: +1 attack and damage.
Armor of Might: Activate: Wear. Type: Armor. Powers: You gain the strength and power of an enraged giant. You gain +5 to all strength based rolls, +1 attack and +3 damage with melee, and you can fling objects someone of your size normally couldn’t. This item makes you super strong. Bonuses: +1 attack and +3 damage as above and in addition this armor grants you 2-5 protection.
Bandolier of Living: Activate: Wear. Type: Bandolier. Power: You do not need to eat or drink.
Beast Master Staff: Activate: Wield. Type: Staff. Power: This staff has many powers and each use a set number of charges. Heal Animal 2d6: 1 charge. Rust metal up to 10 cubic feet: 1 charge. Control water up to 10 cubic feet: 1 charge. Control nature up to 10 cubic feet: 1 charge. Turn wielder into a tree for up to one hour: 1 charge. Crack up to 10 cubic feet of stone: 1 charge. Make dead wood grow such as doors up to 10 cubic feet: 1 charge. Control all natural effects within 1 mile giving you control of the weather, plants, animals, and insects: 5 charges. All powers take a standard action to activate or maintain if required. Charges: 10
Boat of Edge: Activate: Telepathic Command Word. Type: Small Boat. Power: This small boat is unsinkable except by direct attack, it can be magically commanded by one object or the owner’s mental command to move in any direction on water of its own accord. It travels twice as fast as most other boats of its size.
Book of All Knowledge: Activate: Open and Read. Type: Large Book. Power: This heavy enchanted book can be commanded to display any subject. It has been enchanted with hundreds of libraries and thousands of books. No matter how long you flip pages there will always be more until you reach the end of the book’s knowledge on a subject.
Book of Languages: Activate: Hold, Type: Book. Power: When held this book allows you to speak, read, and understand all languages.
Boost Potion: Activate: Drink. Type: Potion. Power: adds +3 to all skill rolls of one category and +3 attack +1 damage with related combat aspects for 1 encounter. Charges: 1
Boots of Agelessness: Activate: Wear. Type: Boots. Power: You do not age when wearing the boots but if you ever take them off then you return to your actual age. The enchantment of these boots will only ever last to a certain number of years and will then falter and cannot be extended in any way.
Boots of Speed: Activate: Wear. Type: Boots. Power: +5 to movement overland, you get double the number of actions per round. You do everything at least twice as fast. When running, you go at about a million miles an hour. You gain +20 jump and +5 to all acrobatics skill checks. Charges: Lasts until burned off by friction.
Boots of Teleportation: Activate: Wear. Type: Boots. Power: You can teleport anywhere you can see up to 3 times per adventure. Once per adventure you may click your heels and say “there’s no place like home” to return to any one place you designate when you first uncover the powers of these boots.
Bow of the Forest: Activate: Wield. Type: Weapon. Power: This bow can fire double the distance of an average bow. This doesn’t give you a free bonus attack unless the GM allows. This bow is unbreakable. Up to twice per adventure this bow shoots two arrows instead of one even when only one arrow is knocked, this gives you one bonus free attack with no attacks back using the second arrow.
Bow of the Woodlands: Activate: Wield or Command Word. Type: Weapon. Power: +5 survival in the woods, allows communication with all plants and animals of the forest, can create intense light on command, animals are friendly with you and may help you, can send messages with animals, you can create 100 lbs. of pure food and drink per day. You are immune to extremes of temperature in environments not fires/attacks. Bonus: +1 attack and damage.
Box of Anything: Activate: Command Word. Type: 1’ by 1’ Box. Power: on command this box will produce any item so long as it isn’t a magic or very valuable item. The item produced must fit within the box.
Bracelet of Fire Resistance: Activate: Wear. Type: Bracelet. Power: Reduce all fire damage received by 5 points unless a foe cannot deal more than 5 damage in which case you take only 1 damage from such hits. This is enough to let you walk through most fires unharmed. 
Bracelet of Holding: Activate: Wear. Type: Bracelet. Power: When placed on a creature that creature remains in its true form unless the bracelet is removed. The bracelet cannot be removed by any means except magical remove curse or the secret command word of the bracelet owner. Extreme measures like exposure to lava might work or a strength RR 40 check to bust free.
Bracers of Regeneration: Activate: Wear. Type: arm bands. Power: While worn you can regenerate 1 hp per round and in addition can restore lost limbs and other body parts which re-grow if you lost them while wearing the bracers.
Bridle of Control: Activate: Wear. Type: Bridle. Power: This bridle or rope collar can be affixed to any beast who is already captured. It places that creature of animal intelligence or lower under the sole obedient command of the being who placed the bridle.
Cape of Adaptation: Activate: Wear. Type: Cape. Powers: This cape magically adapts your form at will to any environment you’re in. If you’re underwater you can breathe underwater and swim well. If it’s dark you gain dark vision. If you’re in the air you grow wings. If you’re in fire you become rock-like. This gives you damage reduction 2 against most hostile environments and attacks which would be affected by this adaptation. Once per adventure you can erase a piece of writing or a memory of the last 10 minutes from one creature’s mind.
Carrying Shield: Activate: Telepathic Command Word. Type: Shield. Power: This shield never breaks, can be used to block magic giving you full armor bonus from all defenses against magic attacks, is incredibly light, glows when commanded or in the presence of something, and it can flip and float. When commanded to flip and float the shield will move as directed hovering over the ground and can carry anything up to 1,000 lbs. which will fit on the floating shield.
Chalice of Hope: Activate: Command Word. Type: Chalice. Power: Speaking a command word and name you can summon one ally to your side in a time of need. Charges: 1
Charms Necklace: Activate: Impact. Type: Charms Necklace. Power: This necklace holds one or more small sphere stones each with a single magical property when detonated. See the sphere magic items for more details. Charges: equals number of stones.
Circlet of Control: Activate: Wear. Type: Crown. Power: Whoever wears this circlet falls under the complete magical mental command and control of the owner of the circlet. If it’s a player character or powerful monster they may get a mental save or be immune to this power.
Circlet of Healing: Activate: Wear. Type: Crown. Power: You heal 5 hp for every hour you spend in direct sunlight. The GM may alter this to pitch darkness or moonlight if she wishes.
Cloak of Camouflage: Activate: Wear. Type: Cloak. Power: This cloak will mimic surrounding terrain making you virtually invisible when you don’t move. Bonus: +10 stealth when unmoving.
Cloak of Invisibility: Activate: Wear. Type: Cloak. Power: You become invisible whenever you don the cloak. Foes cannot attack you unless you’re alone and then on 16-20 each round you are discovered by some means.
Cloak of Protection: Activate: Wear. Type: Cloak. Power: Once per day absorb any one effect without harm. Once per day roll a dodge against one attack as a free action and on 11-20 dodge that attack. Once per day re-roll any one saving throw. Once per day dispel or disenchant any one magical effect. Whenever something bad is about to happen this cloak will give a warning blare within 2 seconds of the coming danger most of the time. You may set up to 12 permanent invisible magical alarms with passwords. Old alarms disappear when you create new ones. Bonus: +2 to armor if applicable and reduces all damage against you by 2 to a minimum of 1 damage.
Cloak of Tirelessness: Activate: Wear. Type: Cloak. Power: You do not need to sleep.
Clothes of Armor: Activate: Wear. Type: Clothes. Power: These otherwise normal looking clothes function as an armor of any type the GM desires without giving any penalties to movement and such.
Communication Crystals: Activate: Speak. Type: Crystal. Power: Speaking into this crystal usually on a small loop or cord will send the message aloud to anyone else who bears a crystal from the set to a range of 10 miles.
Crown of Influence: Activate: Wear. Type: Crown. Power: +5 to all social based skill checks. Once per adventure control someone’s mind for 1 day. Once per adventure tell someone to do one thing and they do it. Once per adventure daze all creatures who can see and hear you for 1 round in which they may do nothing. Once per adventure charm any one sentient creature who regards you as a friend for 1 day. If the GM requires an unmodified 1d20 roll vs. the targets of these abilities you may double your use of all crown powers.
Crystal Ball: Activate: Gaze Into. Type: Crystal Ball. Power: Once per adventure gaze into the ball and see a future, past, or far distant event. This could be used to communicate with distant allies or discern the location of a far off object or treasure. In the hands of a Seer class character this power may be used up to 3 times per adventure and possibly more if the other end also has a crystal ball or similar.
Dagger of Secrets: Activate: Find Hidden Slot. Type: Dagger. Power: this magical dagger has several hidden compartments in the hilt and blade. It can be given requests of answers to future events or other ‘secrets’ and will answer to its ability. Bonus: +1 attack and damage returns to hand when thrown. 
Dust of Illusions: Activate: Throw. Type: Bag of Powder. Power: creates any illusion you can envision when thrown to a reasonable extent and area. It can also be used to create a thick fog cloud, an intense burst of light, or an area of pitch darkness. The effects last for 1 hour per pinch of powder. Charges: 10
Dwarf Hammer: Activate: Wield or Command Word. Type: Weapon. Power: +5 navigation underground, detects all traps within 60 ft. underground with 80% accuracy 6-20 on 1d20. You can speak with stone. Once per day you can turn someone within 60 ft. to stone roll 1d20 unmodified magic against their RR. You may restore anyone turned to stone to normal form at will. Any foe struck is paralyzed and cannot attack back until next round unless they are of Difficult challenge or greater. Hammer returns when thrown. Requirements: You must be a dwarf to wield this weapon and its powers.
Endless Beer Mug: Activate: Command Word or Pour. Type: Beer Mug. Power: This beer mug endlessly refills with the finest ale stolen from random kegs across the land. Most vintners will attack the beer mug holder on sight. The wielder can command different kinds of drinks and liquids within reason. This mug can eventually be used to fill large pools.
Endless Bread: Activate: Eat. Type: Bread Loaf. Power: This loaf of bread cannot go bad and always reforms no matter how much is eaten.
Ever-Burning Torch: Activate: Always On. Type: Torch. Power: this torch gives off no heat but illuminates like a regular torch. It never burns out or exhausts material or air.
Everlasting Clothing: Activate: Wear. Type: Clothes. Power: this power can be imbued on any object and not just clothes. The item becomes practically invincible. It never gets dirty, never gets holes, doesn’t rust, and never requires maintenance. Effects which would destroy the object outright usually still apply.
Explosive Blob: Activate: Impact. Type: Green Blob. Power: When struck against a hard surface this blob explodes violently dealing 4d6 damage to any creature struck. The explosion is powerful enough to bust through 1 foot of steel in a 10 foot radius. Charges: 1
Extra-Dimensional Space Item: Activate: Put Inside. Type: Container. Power: holds up to 1,000 lbs. of items and gear which can fit through the mouth with no added weight. This can be a: bag, box, chest, pocket, sleeve, hat, or whichever but is usually a sack. A rare form of this item is a glove which can hold only one item but when you snap your fingers that item appears in your hand.
Fire Sword: Activate: Wield or by Mental Command. Type: Sword. Power: When drawn this blade is sheathed in fire which deals 1d6 additional fire damage to things struck and may set them alight. It can be commanded to remove the fire property as a free action. Bonus: +1 attack and damage rolls. 
Flower of Isis: Activate: Eat. Type: Small Flower. Power: When this extremely rare flower is eaten within one week of picking it, it cures all poisons. Charges: 1
Flower of Radaion: Activate: Eat. Type: Small Flower. Power: When this extremely rare flower is eaten within one week of picking it, it brings a character back to life. The character cannot have died more than a month ago or this flower doesn’t work on them. This flower may only be used on any one persona maximum of up to 3 times. Charges: 1
Gate Stone: Activate: Toss. Type: Small Stone. Powers: This small stone is activated by tossing it and stating a destination. A magical rift opens up to that location and remains open for 6 rounds. Charges: 1
Gloves of the Spider: Activate: Wear. Type: Gloves. Power: When worn these gloves let you stick to walls like an insect and grant +10 to climb. You can also climb on ceilings.
Griffin Ring: Activate: Wear. Type: Ring. Power: Whoever is wearing this ring cannot tell lies.
Harp of Making: Activate: Play. Type: Harp. Power: This harp can create items out of raw materials based on the skill of the musician. It can also rearrange items and properties to some extent. This item doesn’t usually effect attended or magically objects but it’s great for crafting and adds +5 to crafting and magic item forging rolls when employed effectively with an RR 15 music check.
Hat of Wizardry: Activate: Wear. Type: Hat. Powers: Once per adventure recall something you forgot. Once per adventure recover the use of any one spell you’ve used. Once per adventure detect all lies for ten minutes; this doesn’t force people to tell the truth just to not tell lies. Once per adventure summon a huge swarm of insects. At will imbue an object touched with intense light. Once per adventure animate to life any object or thing which you then control by telepathic command as a free action: counts as a type I henchman minion for 1 day and is then free. Once per adventure control the weather or create a tornado or such.
Healing Potion: Activate: Drink. Type: Potion. Power: cures 2d6 hp as a move action. If you drink a second potion it requires you entire full round action to use. Charges: 1
Helm of Telepathy: Activate: Wear. Type: Helmet. Power: Sense thoughts and read minds within 60 ft. Some people can shield their minds. 
Hidden Fortress: Activate: Enter. Type: Standing Stones. Power: This set of huge standing stones will teleport anyone who walks within to a small pocket dimension with a castle or other fortress outside time and space. Time passes normally for characters at the fortress but passes ten times more slowly back on the home dimension of the standing stones.
Ice Sword: Activate: Wield or by Mental Command. Type: Sword. Power: When drawn this blade is sheathed in frost which deals 1d6 additional cold damage to things struck and may freeze them. It can be commanded to remove the ice property as a free action. Bonus: +1 attack and damage rolls.
Knight’s Sword: Activate: Wield. Type: Weapon. Power: The wielder of this sword cannot tell a lie, no one but the owner may wield it, it is far lighter than a normal sword, it’s other magical powers are only released when the owner is doing good, glows when anything dangerous is within 50 ft. when activated for up to one hour, and can shoot pure magical power for 3d6 damage once per encounter. 
Lightning Spear: Activate: Wield or by Mental Command. Type: Spear. Power: When drawn this spear turns into an actual lightning bolt. It may be throne and if it hits deals 6d6 electrical damage to whatever it hits. It can be mentally commanded to return to normal as a free action. Charges: 1
Love Potion: Activate: Drink. Type: Potion. Power: makes someone fall in love with the first person they see for 1 week roll 1d20 unmodified vs. monster RR if non-human. Charges: 1
Magical Instrument: Activate: Play. Type: Instrument. Power: This item has one or more powers keyed to magic. The better the specific tunes or cords are played, the more potent the magical effect according to this chart: 10 or under: mishap, 11-15: weak, 16-20: normal, 21-25: powerful, 26-30: awesome. The power or powers can be anything you want but it’s usually something like: flying, fire control, building, telekinesis, invisibility, transformation, shape changing, etc.
Magic Carpet: Activate: Steer. Type: Carpet. Power: using full concentration a character can steer this carpet to fly through the air. It can hold up to four people.
Magic Grappling Hook: Activate: Throw. Type: Grappling Hook. Power: By speaking a phrase of destination you gain +5 to any attempt to throw this grappling hook to hold onto something. Once it catches it will not slip off. Bonus: +5 Climbing.
Magic Horseshoes: Activate: Wear. Type: Horseshoes. Power: These magic items can only be attached to horses and usually come in sets of four. They either make the horse incredibly swift doubling movement to 24 or give the horse flying ability at 24 movement, GM’s choice which.
Magic Lamp: Activate: Rub. Type: Lamp. Power: rubbing this lamp summons a genie who will grant 3 wishes. These wishes can be anything but the meaning may be twisted if the wish is exorbitant, unbalanced, or extreme.
Magic Quill: Activate: Ask Question. Type: Quill. Power: You may ask the quill up to 3 questions and it will answer to the best of its magical ability. This is a seer item and the GM may feel free to twist the meaning if he or she sees fit. This quill may have additional charges if the GM allows. Charges: 3 
Magic Staff: Activate: Wield. Type: Staff. Power: This magical staff can store up to one magical effect which the GM will allow and also can shoot one magical effect per adventure the GM identifies when the item is found. Greater staves can hold more spells and contain themselves more spells of more uses per adventure. Requirements: You must have the magic subtype in one of your classes to use this staff.
Magic Symbol: Activate: Apply. Type: Symbol. Power: This magical symbol can be applied to any unattended object. The symbol is invisible except to the owner who can track it magically and sense the symbol’s presence. A greater version of this symbol can be used on living creatures.
Necklace of Emotion Reading: Activate: Wear. Type: Necklace. Power: This elaborate necklace is set with a large colorless gem such as a diamond. When worn, the gem will shift colors according to the mood and emotions of the wearer. Red is anger, blue sadness, yellow happiness, pink love, green fear, purple envy, and orange goofiness. The GM should feel free to invent some more of his own.
Necklace of Immunity: Activate: Wear. Type: Necklace. Power: When worn this necklace negates all other magic effects within 60 ft. Instant magic effects such as attacks are not affected. You are 50% immune to incoming magic. A roll of 11-20 on 1d20 equals 50%. Gear Bag: Activate: Reach Inside. Type: Bag. Power: Each time you reach into the bag you pull out a random useful item such as a: dagger, boat, ladder, gold, animal, dog, donkey, bird messenger, food, rope, or lock picks. You may also dump mundane items into the bag to ‘save for later’ but what’s pulled out is always random. The bag cannot hold more items at any time than it has charges. Charges: 30
Night Goggles: Activate: Wear. Type: Goggles. Power: You can see in the dark. 
Old Lore Sword: Activate: Wield or Command Word. Type: Weapon. Power: This ancient sword has been around for hundreds of years and is sentient. It can speak and will sometimes confer its wisdom. The owner gains +5 to all knowledge skill checks when the sword can be consulted. You gain +10 bonus hp when wielding the sword which is struck before you take actual damage and whenever using the sword for defense only you may roll your attack roll vs. any other attack roll to block that attack against anyone up to once per battle and do so at +4 to the roll.
Paint of Alteration: Activate: Dab. Type: Paint. Power: Each application of paint can change any object to any other object of approximately the same size and value. You can change your appearance to anything with the paint. You may also use the paint to cause an inanimate object to disappear. Charges: 10
Potion of Appearance Alteration: Activate: Drink. Type: Potion. Power: Whoever drinks this potion must envision an appearance of someone approximately their size and species. This potion alters their appearance to that person for 1 hour. The effects of the potion give you a +10 bonus to relevant disguise rolls. Charges: 1
Potion of Athletics: Activate: Drink. Type: Potion. Power: This potion doesn’t increase your strength but it does increase your ability to climb and your agility. You gain +5 to all athletics and agility based skills for 1 hour. Charges: 1
Potion of Coma: Activate: Drink. Type: Potion. Power: Anyone who drinks this potion falls into a static coma. If they were dying at the time they cease to worsen in condition but they don’t get better either. The coma lasts until a special command word on the bottom of the potion bottle is spoken or a remove curse power is used. Charges: 1
Potion of Dark Vision: Activate: Drink. Type: Potion. Power: You can see in the dark for up to a week after drinking this potion. Charges: 4
Potion of Enlarging: Activate: Drink. Type: Potion. Power: When drunk this potion causes a creature to enlarge to giant size. This may grant a bonus to strength and melee attacks and damage if the GM allows. This effect lasts 1 hour. Charges: 1
Potion of Fire Immunity: Activate: Drink. Type: Potion. Power: This potion makes you immune to fire damage and heat for 1 hour. Extreme fire is reduced by 5 points of damage. There may be other potions of immunity but their effects do not stack. Charges: 1
Potion of Flying: Activate: Drink. Type: Potion. Power: You can fly at movement 24 for 1 hour. You cannot be hit by most mundane weapons while high in the air. Charges: 1
Potion of Full Heal: Activate: Drink. Type: Potion. Power: This potion when drunk cures all afflictions, poisons, magical curses, all hp damage, clears mental insanity and mind control, and can even bring someone back to life if applied within 1 minute of the character’s death. This potion takes a full round to apply or drink. Any one character can only be brought back to life once with this kind of potion. Charges: 1
Potion of Gaseous Form: Activate: Drink. Type: Potion. Power: You turn to a gas which can move through tiny areas and cannot be harmed by most normal attacks. This effect lasts 1 hour. Charges: 1
Potion of Improved Hearing: Activate: Drink. Type: Potion. Power: This potion increases your sense of hearing 50 times normal. You gain +10 to perception where hearing is involved and not being able to see your target does not affect you whatsoever. You essentially have vibration sense for 1 hour while this potion is active. There are rumors of potions which effect the other senses as well. Charges: 1
Potion of Invisibility: Activate: Drink. Type: Potion. Power: You turn invisible for one encounter. All foes cannot hit you unless you’re alone and then on 16-20 each round you are discovered by some means or invisibility wears off. Charges: 1
Potion of Invulnerability: Activate: Drink. Type: Potion. Power: You become immune to damage for 6 rounds. You cannot drink more than one of these potions per adventure. Charges: 1
Potion of Levitation: Activate: Drink. Type: Potion. Power: You can float around and hover slowly. This doesn’t give you combat bonuses but lets you maneuver around some obstacles. This effect lasts for 1 hour. Charges: 1
Potion of Poison: Activate: Drink or Apply. Type: Potion. Power: This pure poison is deadly, RR 16 vs. death to any who drink it or are struck with a blade doused in the poison. This poison lasts 1 encounter or until imbibed. The GM may disallow poison in the game. Charges: 1
Potion of Shape Change: Activate: Drink. Type: Potion. Power: Whoever drinks this potion must state a shape they wish to change into of approximately their mass and size. The potion’s effects last for one hour. The new shape does not grant any bonuses or new abilities unless the GM wishes to allow them. Charges: 1
Potion of Shrinking: Activate: Drink. Type: Potion. Power: When drunk this potion causes a creature to shrink to tiny size. This effect lasts 1 hour. Charges: 1
Potion of Sleep: Activate: Drink. Type: Potion. Power: Anyone who drinks this potion instantly falls asleep for at least one hour but can be awakened by normal means. They are only in a deep magically induced sleep. Charges: 4
Potion of Strength: Activate: Drink. Type: Potion. Power: increases your strength by +5 to skill rolls, +2 to attack and damage, and +5 vs. physical saving throws to the usual max of +5. This potion lasts one hour. Charges: 1
Potion of the Cat: Activate: Drink. Type: Potion. Power: The imbiber gains abilities similar to a cat gaining +10 jump, +5 stealth, and +5 all agility skills. In addition, the drinker gains +1 attack and +3 damage from pure speed and reflexes. The effects of this potion last one hour. Charges: 1
Potion of the Gods: Activate: Drink. Type: Potion. Power: power of a super immortal for 1 day. This potion can never be identified by any means and anyone may only drink one such potion in their life time. This potion is extremely powerful for the day it lasts. Charges: 1
Potion of Water Breathing: Activate: Drink. Type: Potion. Power: This potion gives you the ability to breathe underwater for up to 10 hours. Charges: 1
Rapier of the Thief: Activate: Wield or Command Word. Type: Weapon. Power: +5 to all thievery based skills. You gain telekinesis with range 60 ft. with your own strength. Once per adventure you can turn invisible and cannot be attacked except on a 6-20 when alone each round. Once per adventure you may touch the sword to any lock or trap up to RR 29 and instantly open or disable it. You may imbue your eyes with x-ray vision 60 ft. microscopic vision to any magnification, or telescopic vision to any magnification at will. You can see in the dark and through all illusions. Requirements: Must have the Stealth Subtype in one of your classes to wield this sword or use any of its powers.
Returning Dagger: Activate: throw. Type: Thrown Weapon. Power: This weapon will always return when thrown even if it hits the target. Bonus: +1 attack and damage.
Ring of Familiar: Activate: Wear. Type: Ring. Power: Wearing this ring will summon a familiar to the character. A familiar is a small animal pet which is bonded with the master. They both share a telepathic and sight link to any distance on a plane of existence. The familiar will be of above average intelligence and count as a type I minion henchmen pet.
Ring of Flying: Activate: Wear. Type: Ring. Power: You can fly at movement 24 when you wear the ring. Most mundane non-ranged weapons cannot affect you while you’re high in the air. 
Ring of Negation: Activate: Wear. Type: Ring. Power: The wearer of this ring cannot be detected or tagged by magical means. The wearer of the ring is also immune to all mind control, illusions, and enchantments of a hostile sort cast upon her. This ring also hides the magical fields of anything you’re wearing so you detect as non-magical and non-hostile. This ring can be toggled to show whatever false readings the character desires. This item is a favorite of thieves and evil wizards. Most nations have banned these rings because they bypass detection stones if not anti-magic and specific dispelling attempts. Once per adventure you may cancel or suppress any one magic effect for one hour such as a lie detection spell or similar which your ring could otherwise not affect.
Ring of Poison Immunity: Activate: Wear. Type: Ring. Power: This ring makes the wearer completely immune to all forms of poison.
Rock Armor: Activate: Wear. Type: Armor. Power: Once per adventure you can activate any one of the following powers: cause an earthquake at a spot you designate, turn rock to mud in 100 cubic feet, tunnel through any material up to the strength of steel for 300 ft, or shape stone or earth slowly up to 50 cubic feet by magic. Additionally, grants damage reduction one against all mundane hits against you to a minimum of one damage. Bonus: This armor grants 2-5 armor.
Rod of Time and Energy Control: Activate: Command Word. Type: Rod. Powers: This powerful platinum rod lets you control all forms of energy and influence time itself. You gain the ability to manipulate all forms of energy as a move action. You gain damage reduction 5 (minimum 1 damage) against energy while holding the rod. Once per adventure you can create a time portal to any timeline you wish but time travel is dangerous and you’ll need to wait until next adventure to get back.
Sailor’s Armor: Activate: Wear. Type: Armor. Power: This armor weighs next to nothing, floats, and is immune to rust. You can add this property to any armor you want.
Scroll of Magic: Activate: Read. Type: Scroll. Power: Any one magical effect you wish to put on the scroll. Some scrolls have multiple spells written on them.  Requirements: must have magic subtype class to use. Charges: 1
Scroll of Raise Dead: Activate: Read. Type: Scroll. Power: 2-20 brings a character back to life on an unmodified roll. Requirements: must have magic subtype class to use. Charges: 1
Scroll of Remove Curse: Activate: Read. Type: Scroll. Power: cures any one affliction or curse on a character. Requirements: must have magic subtype class to use. Charges: 1
Seer Stone: Activate: Telepathic Command Word. Type: Small Stone. Power: This magical stone can fly and you have a sight link with it and can telepathically command it. It can scout ahead if you wish and its small size and lack of anatomy make it a perfect spy. It grants you the ability to see through all illusions, darkness, and magic. It can be commanded to search for any specific object and will magically search that object out if it’s within 100 miles. It can sense and detect magic and life force presences within 30 ft. Once per adventure you may gaze into the future or ask one question of the fates with this item.
Shell of Water-breathing: Activate: Wear. Type: Shell. Power: While you hold this item on your person you can breathe underwater and gain +5 swimming. Once per adventure you may command up to 10 type I pet henchmen fish for the rest of the day. They obey your telepathic commands to a range of 100 miles. 
Shifter Blade: Activate: Command Word. Type: Weapon. Power: Glows one color on command or when a particular enemy/treasure/thing is about or makes a noise. This weapon may have an A.I. or a trapped being within it giving it the ability to speak, see to 60 ft. and reason. This weapon can transform into any weapon of its size on command, a piece of clothing or jewelry, or on occasion some other small object as well.
Shifter Clothing: Activate: Wear. Type: Clothes. Power: This set of clothes can change to anything you want by mental command. From a rich robe fit for a king to the rags of a mean beggar. You cannot strip things off the clothing to gain wealth or this magic item loses its powers.
Sphere of Bridges: Activate: Impact. Type: Brown Sphere. Power: When struck against any solid surface this sphere causes 1d6 bridges to appear over any nearby open spaces. Each bridge can be commanded to appear or disappear by the master of the sphere. Charges: 4
Sphere of Fog: Activate: Impact. Type: Cloudy Gray Sphere. Power: When struck against a hard surface this orb explodes and causes a large smog cloud to appear. This makes normal sight and ranged attacks nearly impossible from within the fog cloud and is ideal for covering an escape. Charges: 1
Sphere of Shielding: Activate: Impact. Type: Solid Blue Sphere. Power: When struck against any hard surface this sphere springs into a 10 ft. diameter bubble merging with the ground. The bubble is impenetrable to anything less than RR 25 or a skill check of similar value. This sphere lasts for 3 rounds and is immobile. Charges: 1
Sphere of Tangle Vines: Activate: Impact. Type: Deep Green Sphere. Power: When struck against a hard surface this orb explodes and causes vines to sprout up and entangle up to 5 nearby targets. Roll 1d20 unmodified against their RRs and on any hits the foe takes a -2 penalty to their RR and cannot move for the 3 rounds. Charges: 1
Sphere of Tree: Activate: Impact. Type: Green Sphere. Power: When struck and broken against any solid object this sphere causes a 100 ft. tree to instantly sprout and grow to full size. This may damage nearby stonework and other objects but doesn’t deal combat damage. Charges: 1
Staff of Healing: Activate: Wield and Touch. Type: Staff. Power: 1 Charge: Cures 2d6 hp on a touch. 2 charges: removes one affliction. 3 charges: automatically brings a character back to life. Requirements: Healer class or healing skill. Bonus: +5 healing rolls. Charges: 10 
Staff of Lightning: Activate: Wield. Type: Staff. Power: Once per adventure shoot a lightning bolt as a standard magical attack at +2. The lightning bolt deals 4d6 damage and has a range of 60 ft. The wielder of this staff can learn and use lightning magic as if they were trained in that form of magic.
Summon Stone: Activate: Command Word. Type: Small Stone. Power: Once per adventure you can summon anything you own to your hand or next to you by speaking a command word. This could be a weapon, servant, object, building, or whatever. Additionally, up to 3 times per adventure you may summon any small sized object from the cosmos to your hand if it’s of reasonable power or gain a magical sense of direction to locate an object within 100 miles of your description.
Tartan of Warmth: Activate: Wear. Type: Clothes. Power: You are unaffected by harsh natural weather of either extreme cold or heat while wearing the tartan. This could also be a: cloak, hat, or whatever.
Three Way Book: Activate: Write. Type: Book. Power: This book has infinite pages as long as you keep flipping through and you may command it to show you a specific page, entry, or search item. The text of the book is whatever was written in any of the 3 connected books no matter where they are. The writing magically appears as one of the other book owners starts writing. There are legends of books with more than 3 to a set.
True Arrow: Activate: Nock. Type: Ammo. Power: This arrow or bolt will always hit the designated target if it’s in range. Bonus: +5 attack. Charges: 1
True Strike Dagger: Activate: Attack. Type: Weapon. Power: When activated and attacked with by a command word, this magical weapon strikes the target unerringly. If the GM doesn’t wish to allow a free hit you instead attack at maximum +5 attack bonus. This power may be applied to any weapon or ammunition. Charges: 1
Two Way Mirror: Activate: Command Word. Type: Mirror. Power: This mirror has a sight and sound link with one or more mirrors just like it. To activate it speak a command word and the other mirror vibrates much like a cell phone. Some mirrors are connected with many others and are always active.
Ultimate Pack Item: Activate: Unfold. Type: Small Object. Power: This small piece of folded parchment has a picture of an item on the outside. When completely unfolded 16 times the parchment becomes blank and whatever was on it appears in the nearest available open space you designate. This item does not work if there is no room for it to appear. Practically anything may be on the parchment when first found. Refolding the parchment puts the item back on it with a little picture. There are legends of whole stacks of these parchments containing armies and such and of parchments with multiple pictures on them.
Unbreakable Sword: Activate: Wield or Command Word. Type: Weapon. Power: This magical weapon can be of any type. It cannot break, it’s always sharp, it can only be held by the bonded user (1 year for bond to fade) and burns anyone else who touches it, it cannot be disarmed from the wielder, and it can cut through anything. Bonus: +1 to attack and damage.
Way-Finder: Activate: Read. Type: Map. Power: This item can actually be a: map, chart, compass, or any other item. It shows true north at all times and may point in the direction of other objects or persons spoken of. If it’s a map it also changes and shows hidden details of the countryside as you explore it. It constantly sweeps the land with a Perception 5 sensor to a range of 100 miles but the sensor is not infallible and can be detected or blocked by those who know magic. Bonus: +5 Survival.
Weapon of Destruction: Activate: Wield or Command Word. Type: Weapon. Power: Any weapon can be a weapon of destruction. This weapon is unbreakable, can cut through any common material, and deals +2d6 damage on a hit. Once per adventure you can summon a massive destructive event like a hurricane, or volcanic eruption. Alternately, you may cause a disintegration, vaporization, or blowing up of 100 cubic feet of material dealing 6d6 damage to any creature caught within the destruction. This power cannot be used as a direct attack out in the open. It only potentially harms beings stuck in the area exploded who are unprepared for it.
Wings: Activate: Wear. Type: Wings. Power: This set of wings may be worn to give the wearer the ability to fly at movement 24. The wings cannot be removed once donned unless by form of a remove curse or similar. This could be wrist bands or some other magical object as well. Flying in this way gives you no combat advantage but it is useful for getting around.
Chapter Fourteen: Henchmen Pets and Allies
Your character may gain henchmen through the course of adventuring, as parts of powers, or through hiring loyal bodyguards.
The player controls the henchmen she owns but the GM always determines if the henchmen or other allies will perform the stated actions. Usually the GM should let the players do whatever they want with henchmen, but if they’re being unfair or unreasonable to them, the GM should feel free to take control of the characters and have them behave sensibly.
Players can have as few or as many henchmen as the GM allows. It’s really a stylistic choice. The GM should try to be reasonable and fair with allocation of henchmen. Having no henchmen in a campaign is a reasonable decision, but most groups will have at least one person who wants to bring along ‘allies’ on adventures so the GM is encouraged to work this element into the game fairly.
Definition of Henchmen
There are generally two types of henchmen: minions and henchmen. A minion is a creature you control through a power. You most often control all its actions, you don’t have to pay it, and it follows your commands to the letter without much thought of its own. Minions are such things as: mounts, pets, undead, animals, and summoned monsters. They never gain xp or level up, however, sometimes they will ‘upgrade’ as the GM deems fit to keep them useful at higher levels. See the power entry for details.
Henchmen are more open ended. It is up to the GM where to draw the line between hireling and henchmen. Henchmen frequently build up relationships with the characters, have detailed personalities, may level up and gain xp, are loyal but have their own brains, and demand a fair share of the treasure found on adventures. The players control henchmen and hirelings but the GM makes the final call on whether the henchman will betray a character, leave, run away, demand pay, or what exactly they’re willing to do. You’ll most often get henchmen through role-playing, but occasionally a power will give you a very strong ally or sentient underling which might fall under the henchmen rules.
Part 14.1: Types of Henchmen and Minions
There are three types of henchmen and minions. Type I, Type II, and Type III. Each has special rules on game-play. The GM or the power entry will tell you what kind and number of henchmen you get.
Type I Henchmen
HP 1 A. +0 D. 1d6 one mundane skill
Advancement: upgrade to Type II
A type one henchman or minion is similar to a commoner, a loyal hired hand, or any other peasant type character or normal pet. They will frequently run away from scary bad guys, but they’re useful for menial tasks or fighting weak monsters. A type one henchman cannot advance levels or gain xp unless the GM upgrades the henchman to type two. Type 1 henchmen have no special powers, abilities, or skills unless the GM specifically gives them some to fit a ‘concept’.
Type I Henchman: HP 1, Attack +0, Damage 1d6 (basic), Armor: none, Movement: 3, Treasure: 1 gold or less.
Special: May have one or more minor special abilities or skills to fit a ‘concept’ but only as the GM allows. 
Type I henchmen can be easily stacked and fought against Easy difficulty monsters on a 1:1 ratio. The GM should feel free to skip dice rolls for Type I Henchmen and ‘role-play’ their part in battles or skill challenges. Type I henchman fighting monsters rated above easy will probably run away or die. However, there is a small chance they will defeat such a monster especially if they are minions fighting under the command of a PC.
Type II Henchmen
HP 5 A. +1 D. 1d8+1 two skills or powers
Advance: ¼ character level max
Type two henchmen and minions are like the experienced craftsmen and soldiers in the world. When Type I henchmen upgrade it’s to become type II henchmen. Type two henchmen may gain xp and levels if they’re henchmen, but cannot advance further if they’re minions. Type two henchmen always have at least one power or special ability or a skill. When they gain levels they may increase hp and powers/skills as per a character but no type II henchman may ever advance beyond ¼ a PCs level.
Type II Henchman: Hp: 5, Attack +1, Damage 1d8+1 (expert), Armor: as appropriate 2-3 average, Movement: 3, Gold: 1 or less.
Special: if a henchman is smart she will require pay and boons to be kept loyal. If she’s a minion she cannot advance any further. Type II henchmen always start with one or two powers, abilities, or skills and cannot advance beyond ¼ a hero’s level until they upgrade or advance to type III.
Type two henchmen may be removed 1:1 against Easy or Moderate foes and stacked as normal. Against any foes beyond Moderate they’ll usually die or run away, but minions directed by a PC may have a chance against such powerful foes.
Type III Henchmen
10 HP A. +3 D. 1d8+3 three skills or powers
Advance: ½ character level max
Type three henchmen are always henchmen and never minions. They may be extremely loyal if attained through a power, but they are usually intelligent and make their own choices. They require pay, respect, a fair share of the treasure, and you can never have more than one type three elite henchman. Type three henchmen cannot advance beyond ½ of any PC’s level in the group. They should be highly detailed by the player and are almost a PC in their own right. The GM should be careful that no henchman ever upstages the PCs on an adventure or does anything highly important. That’s the player’s job. Never let NPCs or henchmen ‘steal the show’.
Type III Henchman: HP: 10+1 per level, Attack: +3, Damage 1d8+3 (expert), Armor: 2-5 or as appropriate, Gold: 100 or less.
Special: Type III Henchmen will always start with at least 3 powers, abilities, or skills determined by the GM. As they gain xp and advance they may gain more skills, powers, and hp as normal. A type three henchmen can also wield magic weapons, claim treasure, and so forth. No type three henchman can ever advance beyond ½ a party member’s level and they should never upstage the heroes or make any important discoveries/decisions. No party member may have more than one type three henchman for any reason.
Type three henchmen can engage Easy foes 4:1, Moderate foes 2:1, and Difficult foes 1:1. 
They don’t usually stack because you can only have one per player. Against any foe beyond Difficult they usually die or run away, but type 3 henchmen are unpredictable and powerful and may win or die against weak or powerful foes in surprising ways.
How Many Henchmen Can I Have?
This is really up to the GM. However, a good rule of thumb is that no character may have more than one henchman. The rest will all be minions gained from powers, special henchmen from powers, and hired hands. Hired characters are always at the GM’s discretion to role-play and adjudicate and most often are all Type I henchmen. If the GM wants to allow ‘extra’ henchmen to be recruited this should be on a case by case basis and the GM should endeavor to be fair to all players. A GM may hand out extra henchmen as well as extra magic items to ‘weak’ player character’s to balance out the game. Try not to let henchmen ever upstage the player’s characters or dominate and slow down the game. Make frequent use of automatic 1:1 battles where the henchmen ‘occupy’ monsters for a certain amount of time while the PCs fight the rest and other devices to get them out of the way of the story without bogging down the game with a lot of dice rolls. Use henchmen for flavor, not to clutter the game. Each player may have one special henchman they play themselves as a sort of second character. If this is the case, try not to gloss over that one character’s actions too much. Just make it clear the player character’s actions are much more important and powerful.
Followers
Followers are henchmen without stats. They will lead where you follow and do as you say but still require some form of pay. If you’re very high level you shouldn’t have to worry much about paying your followers, they’re a background element. Followers work in the background doing menial tasks and providing services like: being the army, equipping your men, farming the fields, scouting the land, and being servants. If followers ever engage monsters they usually fight at 10:1 ratio (not in their favor) against Easy Difficulty foes and ten times worse against each category of stronger foes. Once players have strongholds they’ll probably gain many followers as determined by the GM in numbers and specific types and abilities.
Chapter Fifteen: World Lore
Part 15.1: The World of Korg
Because the world of Korg is full of magic most creatures and nations have safeguards against certain magical effects and invisibility. Primitive creatures and tribes carry ‘anti-magic’ stones which when in contact with any character or creature do nothing but detect magical auras and glow if there are any active. These stones when affixed to a character unable to remove them will detonate explosively if a character shifts forms or casts spells while in contact with them (they can be easily removed if not bound). The explosion generally deals a lethal or semi-lethal amount of damage up to the GM in exact amount.
More advanced societies employ ‘magic detection’ stones which glow in the presence of magic at 10’ and the more advanced and wealthy versions can detect the exact kinds of magic just like a trained Magic Wizard or other character. A common greeting upon entering a keep or dwelling is to show stones. Entering a palace or the King’s Castle probably requires multiple screenings and Wizards and Healers using skills and magic to detect illusions, shape change, invisibility, and similar and employing fancy detection rocks.
When a powerful magical character (like a wizard or shape shifter) is caught by a large/wealthy society for crimes they will usually be put in ‘anti-magic chains’ which are essentially like normal chains (RR 40 to break) except while locked into them a character cannot use any magic whatsoever and all magic on the character is suppressed. Throwing these chains at people will at most cause them briefly to flicker to true form. It cannot be used in battle to hurt spell casters, only once the battle is already won may magic chains be secured (or on a sleeping humanoid creature).
Larger chain sets for dragons and similar are very rare but not completely unheard of.
Anti-magic grenades. Some societies may have anti-magic grenades. These are the same as normal anti-magic stones except on impact they nova into a 10’ burst for 1 second to negate magic temporarily and show true forms and invisible opponents. They have limited application as a weapon but are very handy for spotting magically hidden foes or shape changers when necessary. Anti-magic grenades will only rarely be employed because they are more expensive and less efficient than magic detection stones.
Detection stones will also frequently be used at the entries to markets and other gatherings such as festivals and tournaments. Some large stones are known to have a detection radius of 100’ or more but they cannot be carried around easily because of massive size.
Some wealthy Kings can afford magical fortune tellers and whole areas enchanted with alarm spells, anti-magic, or whichever. These are usually placed at key areas of defense like anti-fly over walls, alarm at the entry to a treasure chamber, anti-magic around a throne room, and using fortune telling to predict and combat future attacks, assassinations, and treasure heists. Fortune telling is a very unpredictable art, however, so it’s best to rely on other defenses as well. Some leaders build magical golem guardians with the ability to see anything using ‘true sight’ and bypass magic illusions etc. It’s also probable most Kings have defenses in place against mind control and retinues of loyal Wizards and Healers nearby along with their regular guards.
Chapter Sixteen: Play Styles
Challenger is a very open-ended kind of game. It was meant to let you play any character you want or can imagine. This includes famous super heroes, action movie stars, sci-fi characters, and the more traditional medieval fictional heroes.
While this is a fine thing, sometimes it causes confusion among players and a GM. A GM might be planning a gritty, low key adventure and campaign world while the players may think they’re all super heroes or deities. This confusion of expectation can cause all kinds of problems with the game. It is recommended you decide on a style of play before the game begins that is agreeable to all the players involved, the GM included.
Outlined below are some of the more common playing styles with rules on how to implement them properly and advice on how they work. Hopefully, you can use the below entries as a springboard for you imagination and come up with your own cool ideas.
Standard Challenger
A standard game of Challenger allows all classes and all races. It is set in a highly magical, pseudo-medieval world where witches, dragons, wizards, and telepaths all battle alongside demons, elves, and water elementals. Weirdness is the norm, and most people don’t get overly freaked out when they see all kinds of weird characters walking about. While shape shifters and teleporters are uncommon, they aren’t unheard of. Most highly evolved kingdoms have magical protections and safeguards against the highly magical abilities common to the world. Having the ability to walk through walls won’t necessarily make you the king of the world.
The players may go anywhere, do anything, and meet anyone. Their fates are not preplanned or if they are they can change them if they really want to.
That said, not everyone is magical and powerful. The players are still rare and unique individuals with powers above the norm who may one day become legends no one else on the planet could hope to defeat.
Part 16.1: Basic Challenger
If you’re playing with young children or just want a simplified version of the game, try this: Everyone starts with one class, one race, and one power. The only skills are the Skill Access Broad skills but they all function as Specific Skills at +5 and you automatically get them. Every level you gain 5 hp, 1 new skill, or 1 new power. The GM determines which one. Alternately, you must wait 5 levels to gain this benefit. All weapons and attacks can also do 1d10 or 1d6 damage if you wish as well to further simplify things.
Alternate Core Mechanic Challenger
Simply assign everyone an armor rating equal to 10 + the highest number in the armor and give all monsters attack rolls equal in bonus to their RR minus 10. You may now roll attacks for all monsters in the game vs. the target number of the PC’s armor ratings. You can also switch this mechanic to an opposed roll. This system tends to slow down the game pointlessly, but some people may enjoy it particularly if you’re fond of battling friendly characters in practice arenas. 
Classic Challenger
In a classic version of the game the only classes are the basic: wizard, warrior, healer, archer, and skills master classes. The only races are humans, elves, dwarves, haflings, and other basically human characters. No one is allowed to play a ‘weird’ character and everyone is limited to one class only. Most adventures are pre-planned, magic is rare, and there are plenty of dungeons and monsters to fight and explore and lots of treasure to grab.
While your fate might be a little preplanned this also means the GM knows what he’s doing and you’re bound to have a good time. This style of game is usually combat heavy and involves a lot of treasure and monster whacking.
When you want to get back to how role-playing games were originally played, you might want to try classic style if not the restrictions on races and classes.
Gritty Challenger
These serious games allow only human characters and mostly non-magical and ‘normal’ character classes. The GM may even restrict character choice to only a handful of basic character class types.
The game is serious, realistic, and magic is rare or non-existent. Monsters are not the norm and most adventures involve intrigue and other humans. This kind of game could easily be a modern or exploration game or a space expedition set in the far future.
Super Hero Challenger
This could literally be all characters being classic super heroes or something more subtle. Even if set in the traditional Challenger universe a super hero style game has a whole different flavor. Super heroes are rare to the point of being the only ones alive with powers like these besides the villains. Super heroes rarely die and can easily survive massive falls. Most of them can fly and have other outrageous powers. The GM should feel free to gloss over the falling damage rules, allow the players to destroy massive numbers of weak foes, and have the common folk in awe of their amazing abilities.
While a standard Challenger wizard can shoot fireballs like any other wizard, the fireballs of a super hero wizard are awesomely powerful and can probably burn just about any form of steel and explode vast areas. In a super hero style game (wherever and whenever it is set) everything about the heroes is over the top. The Challenger system easily lends itself to this kind of game because it allows you to play whatever you want anyway and most players like to envision their characters as ultra-powerful.
Modern Challenger
Simply update the names of the classes and give everyone guns instead of swords. Unlike a standard Challenger game where high tech weapons deal more damage, you can instead have swords and guns deal the same damage in a modern game to create balance. Some rules on grenades and vehicles must be implemented, but other than that you should easily be able to set your Challenger campaign in a modern universe. How much magic and weird characters are allowed is a stylistic decision.
Sci-Fi Challenger
Set in the far future of laser battles, star fighters, and advanced weird alien technology; far future settings lend themselves easily to the Challenger approach. Simply have all high tech weapons deal the same damage as upgraded versions of the low tech weapons so everyone’s on a level playing field. Some rules on high tech equipment, vehicles, and dog fighting should be devised but other than that you can easily run a high tech campaign with Challenger. Many of the races can easily become alien races and you could even assign specific classes to only specific races to make them even more unique.
Most powers in the game can be converted to high tech equivalents instead of magic and there are already a few skills covering technology. The others can be given cooler names such as botany for herb lore and planet tech instead of wilderness lore etc.
Mixed Setting Challenger
While it’s not highly recommended for points of realism, it’s possible to mash all versions and settings together in Challenger to create an awesomely weird game. Magicians fight alongside high tech cyber knights and alien orcs battle ancient forest dwelling elves wielding magic and psionic powers. Care should be taken to plausibly balance technology against magic and explain why all the timelines and technology levels are merging, but other than that you can feel free to go to town.
Usually it’s better to stick to just one setting, but if you want, Challenger can handle multiple settings at the same time. Also, you can easily dump characters from other game systems into a mixed setting game and re-stat them to Challenger standards.
Chapter Seventeen: Monsters and Obstacles

Monsters for Challenger
Challenger was intended as a game of heroic role-playing and epic adventure. Originally, there were very few monsters included. However, by reader request, I’m including many more than I had originally intended. I hope you can use them as a springboard for your imagination and creating your own foes and challenges for use against your brave heroes.
For the approximate experience point worth of defeating any given monster, see Chapter Seven: The GM’s Section and the XP Awards table therein. However, I’d like to caution you that Challenger is a game of challenges, not a game of monster bashing. Negotiating your way out of a battle, making enemies friends, and avoiding battle can all be worth even more xp than actually defeating an opponent. By the same token, experience awards are based on the challenge of obstacles. Even if a monster’s challenge rating is Extreme, if you tromp on that challenge with no difficulty you’ve completed a very easy challenge at best and not an extreme challenge. The same applies to the non-combat obstacles at the end of this chapter. An RR 30 lock is an Extreme challenge, but if you have +30 to lock picking it’s not even a challenge for you and thus probably worth no xp. GM’s use your best judgment.
For experienced players, defeating monsters may not even award xp at all. Only doing worthy deeds. Whether defeating a dragon, saving a princess, or outwitting a mad wizard, challenges should award the experience points and not simply killing things.
Part 17.1: Stacking Monsters
You should only ‘stack’ monsters in Challenger when it is obviously easier and better to do so. I.e. only when the foes are pointless alone or it would take a very long time to fight them. To maintain the realism of the game you can extend the time it takes to complete a round with large stacks of foes so that the single foes engaged take longer to bring down as well. The important thing to remember is that everyone gets one attack per round even if that attack is against a band of 100 orcs.
The obvious times to stack monsters are when there’s lots of a similar weak monster (like 10 goblins) or you want to save on time (the army of 37 trolls, 17 goblins, and 100 orcs could conceivably be treated as one challenge, although I’d personally split them into three by creature type).
If you’re using a grid and miniatures it’s important to keep track of the total area covered by a mass creature challenge. When a mass creature challenge loses hp it is quite possible individuals are dying/being defeated and the RR or damage on a hit may go down.
Combining small amounts of monsters may be as simple as stacking their hp. When you increase the difficulty and damage dealt you don’t have to total all the hp because the challenge is being increased already (by a higher RR and/or damage rating). It’s really up to you how to proceed, but be fair and reasonable.
Another option would be to split an army of 100 orcs into 10 ‘bands’ of 10 orcs each. This gives you some nice chunks to deal with rather than let a single d20 roll kill all 100 orcs in a single drawn out combat round. Naturally, attacking 10 monsters probably takes about 10 times longer than attacking 1 but any player attacking 1 should still get only 1 attack (action) compared to the PC who’s attacking 10 (or more). It is always up to the GM which monsters stack, if any, and you can even ignore this rule if you wish but it’s very handy for speeding up the game immensely and giving weak foes in large numbers a chance so I highly recommend you use it where appropriate. I feel it will only improve your game.
Why I Don’t Use Miniatures
You can use miniatures if you want, and I even sometimes use them in a game. My main beef with miniatures is this: as soon as the GM lays down a battle grid the players prepare for battle and rightly so. I have never seen an instance where a GM set up a battle grid and then put it all away again when a player rolled a successful diplomacy check or role-played their way out of it. I feel this is a major loss for a role-playing game.
In Challenger, based on player response to any threat, having the GM dictate the game in this way is purely against the intents of the rules. If you want to use miniatures in Challenger there is a simple way to do so: Never pull out the battle grid until after one or more players declares an attack, and if any player negotiates or retreats his or her way out of the fight you must be perfectly ready and willing to stow your miniatures and battle grid. Player choice is of ultimate importance, don’t let miniatures and grids steal that creativity away from them.
Monster Saving Throws
Unless otherwise noted, monsters don’t get saving throws. The reason is only player characters can ‘heroically escape death’ and many of the players powers are used to automatically beat out loads of weaker foes. Giving them all saving throws would be both tedious and counter-productive. If you really feel it’s appropriate to give a monster a saving throw for something roll it at a flat +0 or whatever you deem appropriate for that creature (or under those circumstances, saves can be modified by circumstances just like anything else). It is quite appropriate to give villains, important foes, and some NPCs saving throws.
Part 17.2: Reading a Monster Entry
The monster’s name will be in bold.
RR: the number you will need to roll on an attack or higher to hit the creature. You can roll skills against monsters as well, but the GM has the final word on all RRs for skills to effect monsters in some way and should raise the RR in his sole discretion for using a skill on multiple monsters and the fact that skill bonuses can be much higher than combat bonuses. Also, skills don’t usually outright defeat monsters but they can cancel battles and move them to role-playing or grant bonuses on combat rolls.
Damage: how much damage a creature does when it hits a player’s character. Monsters hit when you miss them. Occasionally monsters will free hit you and deal automatic damage.
HP: How many hit points of damage a monster can take before dying. Monsters cannot survive in negative hp like heroes can. You can choose to knock unconscious foes instead of killing them if you wish.
Gold: the average amount of treasure (in any form) the monster carries rated in gold coins.
Movement: How many 10’ squares a monster can move per round in addition to taking an action. Movement rules apply the same as any other character.
Challenge Level: the relative power and danger a monster possesses. This level increases when you raise the RR/HP when creating a monster ‘stack’ or when you put multiple monsters in the challenge. Some powers only affect certain ‘levels’ of monsters. Use this rating to determine if such monsters are affected or not.
Special: any special powers or rules the monster has.
Description: this is the flavor description of the monster. Sometimes the flavor description can be more important than all the monster’s stats just like the class description for characters.
Stacking Rules: Some monsters have special rules/advice on stacking at the end of the monster’s stat block and description.
Part 17.3: List of Monsters
Animated Object
RR 10 HP 10 Damage 1d6 (slam) Gold: 10 Movement: 3 Challenge Level: Easy
Special: various immunities. Hide as object +10.
An animated object may be living or simply magically enchanted to perform a task. It could be pretty much anything but is frequently a piece of furniture, a tool, or a weapon. Usually they’re not too dangerous but large objects or in great numbers they can be fearsome. Imagine a legion of killer attack spoons whose touch is death.
Armor Bear
RR 15 HP 40 Damage 2d6 (claw) Gold: 100 Movement: 5 Challenge Level: Very Difficult
Special: Damage reduction 10 unless a special weakness area RR 22 is targeted. If the character has sneak attack they may target it at RR 18 so long as the bear doesn’t see them coming.
Armored bears have been set with a magical ruby and thick magical plate armor forged by great and long forgotten wizards. They fight fiercely and cannot be fully killed unless the heart stone is struck.
Basilisk
RR 20 HP 40 Damage 1d10 (slam) Gold: 100 Movement: 6 Challenge Level: Very Difficult
Special: Anyone who looks into the eyes of the basilisk is turned to stone unless they make a physical save RR 10.
Basilisks resemble large snakes with huge glowing eyes. They are frequently found in areas populated by many very life-like statues. Mostly there is only one basilisk in an area but there have been occasional infestations. Clever heroes may use mirrors to get around the power of the basilisk but they otherwise fight at penalties for being blind if they close their eyes. -4 to all rolls is reasonable.
Beast Monster
RR 17 HP 40 Damage 1d10 Gold: 100 Movement: 5 Challenge Level: Difficult
Special: immune to mind control, super senses: see through all illusions and invisibility, hungry, physical +15 all skills, and not very smart.
Beast monsters are generally large hairy beast things which howl a lot and want to eat you. Imagine pretty much any monster you’ve ever seen that grunts and wants to eat people. That’s probably a beast monster. This creature will often give up pursuit of prey if it sees something tastier or a female.
Bogeyman
RR 11 HP 10 Damage 1d6 Gold: 10 Movement: 3 Challenge Level: Easy
Special: dark vision and psychotic.
Bogeymen are strange nocturnal creatures that resemble a cross between goblins, humans, and apes. They tend to hoot and run about in the dark. Their favorite activity seems to be stealing little kids out of beds until they are found and scared away by fire and light. In large numbers they can be a formidable and annoying opponent. They tend to move unpredictably and do weird things. Often they will go into hazardous situations for no reason as they’re a little nuts.
Centaur
Use warrior stats and add the movement of a horse.
Centaurs are part upper human and part horse. They generally sing, live in the woods, and help out good people when they can. Satyrs are the same thing except have the lower half of a goat which doesn’t improve their speed much.
Satyr 
See Above.
Chimera
RR 15 HP 30 Damage 2d6 (bite or natural weapon) Gold: 100 Movement: 24 fly or 12 land Challenge Level: Difficult
Special: Choose any three large animals and add their properties together to make a chimera.
Traditionally chimeras are a hybrid of three animals which I can’t remember right now. I say, choose any three large fearsome animals and put their properties together and then add in flame breath or something and at least the ability to fly or spit acid.
Cockatrice
This is basically an ugly chicken who turns people to stone when they look at it.
I don’t generally recommend using this monster much because it’s weird. Who wants to be defeated by an ugly little chicken? Besides, it’s hatched under a chicken but with a snake’s egg. Or was that the basilisk?
Cyclops
A one-eyed giant. See Giant.
Dark Mount
RR 16 HP 20 Damage 1d10 hoof or flame breath Gold: 100 Movement: 12 (24 fly) Challenge Level: Difficult
Special: can only be ridden by a villain. Flies by magic power and has flame on its hooves and in the nostrils so it can spit fire.
Dark mounts are the special and powerful mounts of nasty villains. They will only serve an evil master and they have a nasty disposition. The opposite of this horse is the Pegasus or unicorn which frequently serves the forces of good.
Dark Thief
RR 16+1 per level of Dark Thief HP 10 Damage 1d8 Gold: 150 Movement: 5 Challenge Level: Difficult
Special: Thievery and Stealth +10 each +1 additional per level of advancement. For each level of Dark Thief beyond first add +1 RR and +4 hp. You also add any thief shape-changer or phase-shifter subtype power once per level past first as well.
Dark Thieves can be of any race or disposition. To create a ‘good thief’ simply change the name and intent of the character. This can be done for Dark Warriors and all the other monsters in this book as well if the GM sees fit. You can add other skills to this character if you wish as well.
Dark Warrior
RR 16+1 per level of Dark Warrior Damage 1d8 HP 10 Movement: 5 Gold: 50 Challenge Level: Difficult
Special: For every level you add to a dark warrior he/she/it gains +1 RR and +5 hp. The base stats are for a level 1 dark warrior. Each level a dark warrior is advanced beyond first, add any 1 warrior subtype power to the dark warrior from the regular book. Dark Warrior levels are not the same as player character levels.
Dark warriors can be of any race and any classes. They can have whatever other abilities the GM desires. Dark Warriors of level 3 or higher receive a +2 bonus to all of their saving throws. Dark Warriors are a more advanced version of regular Evil Warriors.
Dark Wolf
RR 12 HP 5 Damage 1d8 (bite) Movement: 6 Challenge Level: Moderate
Special: Lock Jaw: if hit with a bite it takes escape artist 20 or strength 30 to break free of the creature’s locked jaw. While held -2 to all rolls per wolf with a hold.
Dark wolves are large black-furred wolves who can clamp their jaws on a target and never let go. They frequently travel in large packs and no one but a villain has ever been their master.
Dark Wizard
RR 16+1 per level of Dark Wizard Damage 1d8 HP 10 Movement: 4 Gold: 100 Challenge: Difficult
Special: For every level you add to dark wizard he/she/it gains +1 RR and +5 hp. Each level a dark wizard is advanced beyond first, add any 1 magic or psionic subtype power to the dark wizard from the regular book. Dark wizard levels are not the same as player character levels. 
Dark wizards can be of any race and with any goals and other talents and skills up to the GM. You can even add racial powers to a dark wizard if you wish.
Death Demon
RR 25 Damage: 6d6 (or three attacks for 6 damage auto-hitting all targets in range Reflex RR 18 for ½ damage rounded up) HP: 80 Gold: 0 Movement: 16 land (30 air) Challenge Level: Extreme
Special: All saves +9, Immune to all non-magical weapons under a +4 enchantment bonus, Fear (mental resist at RR 16 when within 60 ft. or drop all weapons, surrender, and flee), Magic (Mental save at RR 16 or the Demon can do whatever it wants to you magically including mind control). Eat Smaller Creature: as per Dragon (young) if you deem it appropriate.
Death Demons are huge 80 ft. tall beasts from another dimension. Usually they must be summoned or called forth into the regular realm or they cannot gain direct entry to the normal world. They are extremely evil and hyper intelligent, often commanding vast retinues of lesser demons. A Death Demon can substitute any hit it can make to summon 6d6 1 hp 1d6 damage 3 movement 6 fly demons anywhere within 60 ft. it wishes.
Because of their vast power and evil intelligence Death Demons receive +10 to all skill checks in the game and +20 to any 10 skills this particular demon is skilled in (chosen by the GM).
Deity
RR 30 HP 100 or more Damage 1d6 x 10 Gold: 1,000 or more Movement: all and any Challenge Level: Extreme
Special: mortals must make a mental save RR 10 or do whatever a deity says. Deities glow, can fly, teleport, turn invisible, have true sight allowing them to see through everything, are immune to mind control enchantment and illusion, and generally have damage reduction infinite vs. anything which can’t slay gods.
Deities are not true gods but merely very powerful beings who live in other dimensions. They are each unique just like player characters and can be fought and killed. They tend to come back to life eventually in any regards. Some very rare artifacts and powers can make a character a deity but then that character is retired from play permanently. Some famous deities are: Zeus, Thor, Hades, Aphrodite, Hephaestus, Ra, and Loki. Feel free to make up some of your own or use any other famous one you can think of such as: Athena, Odin, Whacko, or Goblin Man.
Demon
RR 10 HP 10 Damage 1d6 Gold: 10 Movement: 3 (24 fly) Challenge Level: Very Easy
Special: Sway mortals skill +10 and can see in the dark.
Demons come from other dimensions and generally have horns, snort a lot, and fly around with bat wings. They come in all shapes, sizes, and abilities and can be of any stats the GM wishes. The stats above are for demon imps.
The upgraded demon types are: demon imp, demon, demon soldier, demon lord, demon king, arch-demon, and ultimate ruler of all demons.
For each category upgrade the RR by 2, hp by 5 damage by one dice type or add 1d6 if you make it to 1d10 increase movement by one and increase the challenge level by one type. They also get a new power or skill for each upgrade. The ultimate ruler of all demons has stats according to the GM. Gold increases as the GM sees fit.
Dragon (Young)
RR 15 Damage 1d8 HP: 50 Gold: 100 (or more) Movement 5 land (24 fly) Challenge Level: Very Difficult.
Special: Very intelligent, see invisible, senses +6 all, Mental +6 all, Physical +6 all, Saves +9 , Magic spells, Shape change at will, Flying, Multiple attacks: may split damage against up to 3 foes instead of striking only 1 on a failure. Flame Breath: deals 2d6 damage against all in area save (Reflex RR 10) for ½ damage (round up) may be used instead of any attack but only once per round. Eat Smaller Creature: see below.
Young dragons are only about the size of a cottage. They’re very intelligent, territorial, and magical, but a clever bunch of heroes may defeat them with ease. Dragons are famous for sleeping on hoards of gold but young dragons may not have had time to build up such a hoard and their armor isn’t as strong as their more ancient brethren.
Dragons and other large creatures such as Giants and Giant Scorpions can attempt to eat smaller creatures when appropriate. They generally have +10 or more strength on a grab (opposed by a hero’s acrobatics or escape artist check) and held characters cannot usually do anything or attack until they escape (1 opposed check per round). As a free action or in place of any 1 attack (your choice) a large creature can attempt to eat the held creature which allows the creature to attack but deals 2d6 damage on the first round and (if you allow) 1d6 acid stomach damage on the second and following rounds. Heroes cutting their way out or fighting inside a creature’s jaws are all heroic and appropriate actions in such circumstances.
Dragon (Old)
RR 20 Damage 4d6 HP 120 Gold: 1k+ Movement: 7 land (24 fly) Challenge Level: Extreme
Special: All powers of young dragon above but even smarter and more magical. Flame breath also deals 6d6 damage and an old dragon is immune to fire or any one elemental type of damage. Additionally if the weak point in the dragon’s armor is not found it may ignore all regular attacks against it. Eat Smaller Creature: see young dragon above.
While not invincible old dragons are among the toughest creatures alive (except perhaps for demons, ancient dragons, and dark wizards of untold powers). Such dragons’ lairs are often guarded by traps but also contain vast treasure hoards. A skilled magical smith may forge dragon armor which is the strongest known armor in the multi-verse but only from the hide of an old or ancient dragon. Each dragon is unique and a character in their own right. The GM may feel free to add to their powers as he or she sees fit and the situation warrants.
Dull Vision Crocodile
RR 16 HP 20 Damage 1d8 (bite) Gold: 0 Movement: 3 swim 4 Challenge Level: Very Difficult
Special: All within 60 ft. have their vision and senses in all forms blurred giving them -4 to all related rolls and making it difficult to target things with anything but a melee attack. RR 16 Mental to resist blur. Drain bite: anyone bitten by the crocodile is hit with venom which weakens a target making any physical attack forms impossible for 1 hour and lowering all physical skill checks by 10. Physical Save RR 16 to resist drain bite. A magic skill check RR 30 will lift either a poisoning or the vision dulling if an entire round is spent doing so.
Dull Vision Crocodiles hang out in swamps and river waiting for prey. You always know they’re around when your vision starts to blur. Powerful spell casters who make a magic roll of 30 or more will a skill check can counter the effects of these beasts.
Dust Demon
RR 16 HP 30 Damage 2d6 (whirlwind) Gold: 100 Movement: 24 fly Challenge Level: Very Difficult
Special: Immune to everything except electrical attacks and some very rare and powerful magical weapons determined by the GM. Vibration sense: sees by vibration.
Dust demons are actually just magically imbued clouds of dust. They attack by whirling rapidly on a creature and leaving nothing but bone. They cannot be harmed by anything except electricity and some rare magic items which fuse them together and wreck the magic which formed them. Other creatures may have been formed as well with different weaknesses. There are rumors of: living shadows, glass beings, crystal titans, and gold clockwork juggernauts. They each have only one form of elemental energy which can kill them or very rare and powerful magic weapons of a type determined by the GM. Be careful using this creature against a party without the means to stop it.
Elemental
RR 10 HP 10 Damage 1d6 Gold: 10 Movement: 4 Challenge Level: Very Easy
Special: has some form of special movement, immune to chosen element and its attack deals elemental damage. Once per encounter deal 2d6 elemental damage on a hit to all within 60 ft. or ten foes of choice. Reflex save for ½ damage allowed to anyone who didn’t directly fail the Elementals’s RR.
Elementals can be anything from a wispy bit of air, to a ball of water, to a magma titan, or even an electrical being. Increase the RR, hp, and damage for tougher elementals.
Evil Warrior (Human or Equivalent)
RR 10 Damage 1d8 (sword) HP: 5 Gold: 10 Movement: 3 Challenge Level: Easy
Special: Intelligent, may send for ‘back up’. Wears Armor (negate any 1 hit per battle of up to 10 damage).
Warriors may advance in the class of the same name and become much more formidable and powerful but the average guard, soldier, or mercenary is just an average human with several years of training, a sword, and armor.
You may use this template for other soldiers, guards, races, and whatever you feel like. To create a peasant simply lower the RR or have his or her attacks deal only a fraction of a point of damage (such as ½). Peasants also don’t have armor (usually).
Peasant (See Above)
Evil Wizard
RR 18 Damage 1d10 (magic) HP: 40 Gold: 100 (or more) Movement: 6 and fly/invisible Challenge: Very Difficult
Special: magic spells save (Physical, Mental, or Reflex) or takes effect on 1 target causing anything the GM wishes. Area attack: 1d6 damage to all PCs instead of 1d10 damage to one on a failure. Reflex save RR 15 for half damage (round up).
Evil wizards come in many forms and guises. The GM may feel free to give them more and new powers, change their stats and RRs, and increase their attacks per round as he sees fit. A powerful dark wizard is someone to be truly reckoned with.
Exploder
RR 10 HP 1 Damage 3d6 explosion Gold: 0 Movement: teleport Challenge Level: Moderate
Special: vibration sense and true sight to see through all illusions and such. Explodes within 1 second of appearing.
Exploders are one foot diameter balls of steel which teleport next to a target and then explode within one second of doing so. To hit them after they teleport requires a reflex save RR 10 before attacking otherwise they blow up automatically.
A deadly variant of the exploders are invisible exploders. Annihilators are just really big exploders with 10 hp which deal 6d6 damage when they explode. Striking an exploder will blow it up anyway but might save your life before it can blow up in your face. They are infamous for damaging gear and armor even when fought by experienced warriors.
Fairy
RR 10 HP 1 Damage 1d6 Gold: 10 Movement: 12 fly Challenge Level: Very Easy
Special: Fairy Dust: puts to sleep or mind controls anyone who fails a physical save RR 10 when the fairy could otherwise have hit.
Fairies are peaceful small creatures which live in the wood and get along with elves. They will sometimes come to the aid of heroes and pacify their foes.
Fire Golem
RR 17 HP 60 Damage 2d6 Gold: 0 Movement: 3 Challenge Level: Very Difficult
Special: x2 damage from cold and water powers. Rock skin reduces all damage taken by 6 points unless from cold or water. Immune to fire.
Nearly invincible to the average foot soldier, fire golems are a menace indeed. Tenacious and tough warriors, fire golems are feared by all and employed by only a rare few (and the fire prince). Their own goals are somewhat of an enigma. They seem to enjoy the presence of fire of which they are immune and revel in pummeling things.
Fire Imp
RR 5 Damage 1d4 HP 1 Gold: 0 Movement: 2 Challenge Level: Very Easy
Special: Ember ranged attack save (Reflex RR 10) or 1d6 damage once per encounter. x2 damage from cold attacks.
Fire imps are very small cackling creatures composed of fire and semi-solid rock. They love to inflict pain, burn things down (they’re on fire and can set things aflame), and are very malicious and mischievous. They are much more dangerous in large groups or swimming in lava than alone. Fire Imps have +9 Trickery skill (Mental save RR 10 to resist taking a daft action if the opposed sense motive is failed).
Fire Warrior and Elemental Warriors
Special
Special
Add fire warrior to any normal warrior template and increase damage by 1d6 (fire). This creature may also take 1-3 fire powers chosen by the GM from the basic book and gains immunity to flame and x2 damage from cold and water if the GM desires.
You can make frost warriors, acid men, and lightning troops with this template as well. Be creative.
Elemental Warrior (See Above)
Elemental warriors can be of any 1 (or more) elemental types and gain appropriate powers from the basic book or your imagination. Such creatures usually have a resistance or immunity to their element(s) and a weakness to the opposite where appropriate. Some example elements and subtypes are: magic, cold, water, fire, frost, magma, electrical, sonic, force, crystal, stone, mud, dark energy, poison, gravity, time, and practically anything else you can think of. 
Fen Drake
RR 16 HP 20 Damage 1d8 (one free hit per round for 1d8 damage) Gold: 100 Movement: 12 Challenge Level: Difficult
Special: +10 hide in swamps. Smell +10 and voids invisibility.
Fen drakes are large green creatures with fins which resemble small dragons except they run on all fours. They are simply predators and like to eat stuff. Their eggs can be hatched and trained into fierce mounts.
Insect destroyers are any small creatures which can not be easily fought. They can usually chew through anything and try to eat a character. In a swarm which takes up one space there can be up to 10 insect destroyers or 100 if they are very small and powerful. Only one may be targeted by an individual attack but an area effect like a fireball may hit them all. If they make it into a foe’s square they automatically deal damage every round unless pulled off or destroyed.
Floating Eyeballs
RR 10 HP 1 Damage 1d6 (magic) Gold: 0 Movement: 6 fly Challenge Level: Easy
Special: Floating eyeballs can see in all directions and through all illusions and invisibility. Floating eyeballs can see in the dark and don’t like the light much.
Floating eyeballs are mysterious creatures. They tend not to be overtly hostile and will only attack if disturbed by light or provoked.
Floating Flame Skulls
RR 10 HP 1 Damage 1d6 (explode or magic) Gold: 0 Movement: 6 fly Challenge Level: Easy
Special: can explode or shoot flame breath. Explosion is reflex save RR 10 to avoid damage.
Floating flame skulls or just regular skulls are a favorite of mad wizards everywhere. They never tend to win fights and they’re mostly useless, but as a fitting motif for a bodyguard they are second almost to none.
Gargoyle
RR 18 HP 40 Damage 1d10 (stone fist) Gold: 100 Movement: 3 (24 fly) Challenge Level: Very Difficult
Special: Stone skin: reduce all damage by 5 and immune to non-magic attacks. Dark vision. +10 hide as statue. Variant: stone statue.
Gargoyles frequently lie in wait disguised as stone statues. They are usually built with a purpose and will only attack people who violate that purpose. Stone statues may not have wings and thus can’t fly and they may have lower hp and a reduction to stone skin if the GM allows.
Genie
RR 10 HP 5 Damage 1d6 Gold: 10 Movement 24 fly Challenge Level: Moderate
Special: gaseous and can grant wishes.
A genie is usually bound to a lamp or other small object and has the power to grant wishes. If freed the genie can typically use its own wishes to cause mayhem but will more likely return to its native dimension of origin.
Ghost
RR 16 HP 20 Damage 1d10 (touch) Gold: 0 Movement: 3 (6 fly) Challenge Level: Difficult
Special: Immune to all non-magical weapons. Ghosts can turn invisible for one encounter once per adventure gaining +5 RR. Ghosts can pass through solid objects and fly. The touch of a ghost deals magical damage otherwise by weapon type wielded. Fear: when first met on an adventure all characters must make a mental save RR 8 or be overcome by fear taking -2 to all rolls unless they immediately run away screaming. The penalty lasts until the end of the encounter.
Ghosts aren’t necessarily hostile. Some nasty ghosts like: wraiths, specters, and such are always hostile and attack on sight. Some other ghosts are under the command of dark forces or under other undead and will attack as well.
Ghoul
RR 22 HP 60 Damage 2d6 (claw). One free hit per round for 2d6 damage. Reflex Save RR 18 to resist. Gold: 500 Movement: 7 Challenge Level: Extreme
Special: Regenerates 10 hp per round, undead immunities, the touch of a ghoul gives that ghoul temporary mind control over you until it’s slain or your can break free. Mental save RR 10 resists. Dark vision: can see in the dark.
Ghouls are small green creatures with large fangs and eyes which travel on all fours. They are frequently undead and love bursting up from the ground and mind controlling as many people as they can who eventually die if they don’t eat and then become more ghouls. When struck with a blow under RR 22 the ghoul was hit but regenerated so fast it did no damage or was completely immune to the wound.
Giant
RR 17 Damage: 1d12 HP 80 Gold: 100 Movement: 6 Challenge Level: Difficult
Special: Stomp: Save (Reflex RR 10) or take 2d6 damage: may be used in melee instead of a regular attack. Body Slam: Save (Reflex RR 12) or take 3d6 damage: may be used in melee instead of a regular attack but Giant is RR 10 for next round. Eat Smaller Creature: as Dragon (young) but possibly only 1d12 chewing damage per round, your choice.
Giants are large, antisocial, and hungry. They’re famous for throwing rocks over long distances with pinpoint accuracy, and squishing people into jelly.
Thunderer Variant: Adding the ability to shoot lighting bolts from their eyes makes giants a much more formidable opponent (2d6 or 3d6 lightning damage on a failed roll instead of regular damage once per encounter per giant).
Giant Ant
RR 14 HP 10 Damage 1d8 (pincer) Gold: 0 Movement: 7 Challenge Level: Moderate
Special: Carapace reduces all damage taken by three. Giant ants can lift amazing amounts of weight. Teamwork: lose action gives an ally +1 RR to a maximum of 20.
Giant ants frequently build massive colonies. They are generally passive and forage for food. Red giant ants are aggressive and attack everything. They sometimes mistake heroes for enemy workers and try to force them to serve their queen. The ant warriors are RR 18 and deal 2d6 damage on a hit. The Queen is huge and counts as a boss creature with stats chosen by the GM. All ants of a colony will help all the others and may sacrifice their actions for +1 RR to a fellow to a max of RR 20.
Giant Ape
RR 18 HP 30 Damage 2d6 (punch or slam) Gold: 0 Movement: 6 and tree swing. Challenge Level: Difficult
Special: can swing through trees, carries off girls, likes to hang out on tall buildings and swat airplanes.
Giant apes typically live in the jungle until they find a beautiful girl to take care of (for no reason any sane person could think of) and then follow said girl to some kind of city where they swat airplanes.
Giant Bee
RR 12 HP 1 Damage 1d6 (stinger) Gold: 0 Movement: 24 fly Challenge Level: Easy
Special: their honey cures 2d6 hp per application and poison. Each stinger gives a cumulative -1 to all rolls for that encounter.
Giant bees guard their hives and look for giant flowers. They generally aren’t terribly dangerous unless provoked. Giant wasps are the same but will attack and scavenge meat but lack the stinger property.
Giant Eagle
RR 16 HP 20 Damage 1d10 (claw) Gold: 0 Movement: 24 fly Challenge Level: Moderate
Special: Really good at snatching up orcs and dropping them from high heights. Escape artist 25 or strength 30 to escape clutches once grabbed with a claw attack.
Giant eagles are traditionally good guys who help out in the last minute of epic battles between large numbers of goblins, orcs, and good guys. They live on the top of mountains and usually only carry people temporarily. Like just about everything, giant eagle eggs can possibly be trained as mounts but the giant eagles probably won’t take kindly to this.
Giant Insect
Basically any insect becomes fearsome when you make it giant. Be sure to give it lots of hp and scary abilities to match your concept.
Giant Scorpion
RR 16 HP 30 (normal) 120 (elder) Gold: 0 Damage 1d8 claw or 1d6 stinger +poison physical save RR 12 or an extra 1d10 damage. Movement: 6 Challenge Level: Difficult
Special: see below.
Giant scorpions are protected by massive shells making them harder to hit. Any character who can target the soft underbelly deals x2 damage. Generally giant scorpions who hit with a claw hold on with a +10 physical strength roll opposed by the escape artist or acrobatics of the held character. Held characters can’t normally attack or do anything else on their round except try to escape, but if the scorpion tries to eat the character he can attack once (eating deals 1d8 damage per round, but the character can attack from inside the mouth).
 Giant Spider
RR 18 HP 40 Damage 1d10 bite physical save RR 10 or poisoned and take 2d6 or die: GM’s decision Gold: 100 Challenge Level: Very Difficult
Special: The venom can have any of the following special properties on a failed save: paralyze, kill, bonus damage, -4 penalty to everything, or whatever. Webs: Instead of hitting the spider may throw webs on up to 5 people which are RR 20 Escape artist or similar to break free or RR 30 to bust out with strength. Dodging webbing is reflex RR 18. One attempt per round or immobilized and no actions all dodges at -6. vibration sense: sees with vibrations.
Giant spiders are roughly the size of a large room. They are most often found alone but some areas are filled with webs and spiders. Smaller spiders have less lethal venom, less hp, and lower RRs. Frequently they are only out for a good meal and won’t push their luck with difficult foes. The webs burn very easily but deal 2d6 fire damage to any trapped within or the spider itself.
Giant Tiger Ape Dinosaur Toad Etc.
You can use the template above as a guideline for creating such monstrous creatures. Be sure to give them powers unique to their new creature type and which are appropriate. For tougher and larger creatures add more RR, HP, and damage on successful attacks (of all kinds).
Giant Viper
RR 14 HP 1 Damage 1d6 + poison 2d6 or death physical save RR 10 to resist Gold: 0 Movement: 3 Challenge Level: Moderate
Giant vipers can gain more hp as they age. Their poison deals 2d6 bonus damage if a physical save RR 10 isn’t made and death when they’re older and their venom more potent.
Gnome, Elf, Dwarf, Human
See warrior or as per character type or make something up. Humans and the rest come in all shapes, sizes, and dispositions. Some are very nice and helpful, others are quite mean and nasty. In a heroic game of epic fantasy you’re bound to run into more than your fare share of both very benevolent and extremely psycho ones. Remember always to show mercy and try to change the ways of villains if possible or at least try to take them prisoner. This is the true path of heroes.
Goblin
RR 10 Damage: 1d6 HP: 1 Gold: 10 Movement: 2 Challenge Level: Easy
Special: Dark vision, Small size, Greedy
Goblins are short nasty creatures known for their greed, evil, and general disregard of polite society. They are usually ill-equipped and organized and none-too bright. Escaping from a goblin is often as easy as dropping a few coins and running away. Goblins receive +2 to stealth from their small size and +2 to thievery because they’re larcenous little buggers.
Adding more goblins, those with better training or weaponry, or adding powers to goblins are all viable options for increasing the challenge of goblins. 
Golem
RR 18 HP 60 Damage 2d6 (slam or fist) Gold: 100 Movement: 6 Challenge Level: Very Difficult
Special: Damage reduction 5 against all attacks and immune to non-magical weapons. Once per encounter may shoot fire from their eyes for 3d6 automatic damage to anyone. A reflex save RR 10 is allowed for half damage rounded up.
Golems were created by powerful wizards to serve them. Sometimes a wizard dies before the golem does because it’s practically immortal. Golems usually try to serve their original purpose but they sometimes get confused and go on a rampage. They resemble huge stone creatures.
Gorgon
RR 15 HP 40 Damage 1d10 or Turn to Stone breath all PCs in general area. Physical save RR 15 to resist. Gold: 500 Movement: 5 Challenge Level: Very Difficult
Special: Armor Skin: block any one attack per battle of up to 10 damage (excess damage still hits) and reduce all regular damage by 5.
The gorgon is a large beast in the shape of a bull with metal plated skin whose breath turns all it hits to stone. They’re very dangerous, but none-too-bright.
Gremlin
RR 10 HP 1 Damage 1d6 (bite) Gold: 10 Movement: 3 Challenge Level: Very Easy
Special: replicates in water or some other substance of your devising.
Gremlins alone are weak but once they start replicating they can be nearly unstoppable. Add the ability to eat magic items, rust armor and weapons, or drain life with slam attacks and gremlins become even more dangerous.
Stack gremlins and raise the RR to create a tougher challenge.
Griffin
RR 14 HP 15 Damage 1d8 Gold: 0 Movement: 3 (24 fly) Challenge Level: Moderate
Griffins are fiercely territorial and frequently roost on high mountains. They are peaceful and will occasionally help good characters. Their eggs can be trained into loyal mounts but most griffins won’t let you steal their eggs. Check with the GM if flying mounts are allowed. Griffins are part giant eagle, part huge lion.
Harpy
RR 15 HP 20 Damage 1d8 Gold: 50 Movement: 3 (12 fly) Challenge Level: Difficult
Special: The song of a harpy enchants all humans who hear it unless they make a Mental Strength saving throw RR 15. Charmed creatures are passive and let the Harpy do whatever it wants with them (usually eating them).
The song of the harpy spells doom for most human heroes, if you want to make them more deadly have their song power affect other characters as well. The harpy does not need to attack to use its song but it usually needs to know someone’s around to start singing.
Variant: To make a Nymph (beautiful woman whose beauty kills mortals) or Siren (water dwelling temptress who gets sailors to jump to their deaths in the water with her songs) simply use the same stats as above and alter the effects as is suitable.
Siren or Nymph (see above text)
Hippogriff
RR 12 HP 20 Damage 1d10 Gold: 0 Movement: 3 (24 fly) Challenge Level: Moderate
Hippogriffs like to eat horses but are otherwise peaceful. Their eggs can be trained as mounts if the GM allows flying mounts in the campaign.
Hydra
RR 18 HP 10 per head 30 for body (see below also) Damage 1d8 per bite (attacks equal to number of heads count as separate foes) Gold: 1,000 or none Movement: 3 Challenge Level: Extreme
Special: Every time you kill a head two more grow out of the body unless you burn them with fire or acid for at least 5 damage to cauterize the wound. You cannot kill a Hydra’s body until you sever all the heads (which kills the beast). The body regenerates 15 hp per round regardless.
The great Hydra is a pain in the neck, literally. Most Hydras start with only 3 to 5 heads but larger beasts (their bodies resemble dragons without wings) may have many more heads up to whatever number the GM wishes. Hydras should probably only be fought by experienced heroes.
Ice Shredder
RR 19 HP 20 Damage 1d6 x 5 Gold: 100 Movement: 4 Challenge Level: Very Difficult
Special: all magic and spells cease to function within 60 ft. of an ice shredder. The touch of an ice shredder causes 1d6 magic items on the creature touched to explode violently for 1d6 damage to the character each. Immune to cold, double damage from fire, and can sense magic as a form of vision. Mental Save RR 19 to resist the magic drain and Physical Save RR 15 for ½ damage from exploding magic items.
Ice shredders hate magic and seek it out to destroy it whenever possible. Spell casters and those with magic items tend to hate to run into them because they can quickly wipe out a magical arsenal.
Insect Destroyer
RR 10 HP 1 Damage 1 Gold: 0 Movement: 24 fly Challenge Level: Very Easy
Special: there are probably at least 10 insects in a swarm which is Difficult challenge rating.
Killer Beetle
RR 10 HP 1 Damage 1d6 Gold: 0 Movement: 4 Challenge Level: Easy
Special: Hard shell damage reduction 5. Vibration sense: sees by vibration. Acid/flame blaster: once per encounter deals 1d6 on an auto hit to a nearby target ranged 15 ft. if this power is added by the GM.
Killer beetles are large and black giant beetles who can sometimes shoot fire or acid out of an antennae on their heads. Their shells make great armor functioning as plate-mail but with no skill or movement check penalties.
Life Stealer
RR 15 HP 1 Damage 1d10 (gives bonus hp to life stealer) Gold: 0 Movement: 12 (fly) Challenge Level: Moderate
Special: Life stealers gain bonus hp equal to damage dealt to a max of 11 hp. Anyone struck for damage loses the ability to use any magic whatsoever for the duration of the encounter. Mental RR 16 to resist. Life stealers are immune to magic and spells. Steal abilities: from target any the GM wants. Physical Save RR 16 to resist steal abilities power.
Life stealers resemble glowing giant fireflies with white burning eyes and long rods like a mosquito’s they puncture people with to steal their powers and abilities. 
Lightning Thief
RR 14 HP 15 Damage 1d8 +electrical bolt ranged 6 mental save RR 10 or stunned for 1 round (no actions Gold: 100 Movement: 13 (lightning move) Challenge Level: Difficult
Special: mass close range teleport (lightning move) as per phase-shifter. Thievery and Stealth +12. Water deals x2 damage to this creature. Immune to electrical damage.
Lightning thieves are human sized but composed of pure lightning energy. They can move with blinding speed and teleport in short bursts to nearby areas (must have a clear path through, however). They are famous for getting away with great robberies and most are cocky and arrogant because of this and their own very real skills. 
Lizard Fish Man
RR 10 HP 1 Damage 1d8 weapon or 1d6 weapon Gold: 10 Movement: 3 or swim 4 Challenge Level: Easy
Special: breathes water and can see in the dark.
Fish and lizard men are two separate species which don’t always get along. You can also use these stats as a baseline for mermen and other such aquatic creatures or even sharks if you give them a bite attack with lock jaw 25 RR to escape or 30 with strength.
Magma Titan
RR 20 HP 100 Damage 5d6 (magma boulder or punch) Gold: 500 Movement: 3 Challenge Level: Extreme
Special +20 all strength based skill, immune to fire, damage reduction 10, double damage from cold or water based attacks. Once per encounter flair out for 5d6 damage against everyone within 60 ft. or up to ten people if it’s unclear how many that is. Reflex RR 20 negates this flare out damage. RR 15 for ½ damage rounded up.
Magma titans are huge beings of pure rock and magma. They tend to like to destroy things and are natural pyromaniacs. They sometimes have some fire control abilities and most fire imps follow them without question.
Manticore
RR 16 HP 50 Damage 1d8 (bite) or poison tail Gold: 100 Movement: 6 (fly 24) Challenge Level: Very Difficult
Special: spikes on the tail may be thrown once per encounter against all foes up to five at a range of 60 ft. Reflex save RR 10 to dodge physical save RR 10 or poison and die or +2d6 damage, GM’s choice. The manticore can use a tail attack instead of a bite.
The fearsome weird creature known as manticore has spikes for a tail and can hurl them as a poisonous ranged attack. It can also bite fearsomely with the head of a tiger or some other fierce beast. It usually has wings and can fly.
Medusa
RR 15 (20+ if invisible) HP 25 Damage: Turn to Stone or 1d8 Gold: 500 Movement: 3 Challenge Level: Very difficult
Special: Anyone who gazes upon a medusa is turned to stone. If you look in a mirror (-3 all rolls and ½ movement rounded down) you can negate this chance unless you fail a combat roll against the medusa. This effect grants a Physical save RR 16 to resist but even on a save you’re paralyzed for 2 rounds.
Medusa are women with snakes in their hair who are most often evil and turn people to stone. The first sign of a medusa is usually her garden of stone statues, but smarter medusas may not even leave them around to betray their presence. Anyone who sees them turns to stone without even failing an attack roll. If someone engages them without a mirror or similar the RR is 20 to hit vs. turn to stone, snake bite, arrow/weapon. If you do have a mirror the RR is only 15 but you take a -3 to all stat rolls and ½ penalty to movement (see above).
Mini-Dragon
RR 14 HP 10 Damage 1d8 (bite) Gold: 100 Movement: 3 (24 fly) Challenge Level: Moderate
Special: flame breath hits up to five targets once per encounter for 1d6 damage instead of a bite attack. RR 18 Reflexes for ½ damage rounded up. Mini-dragons can spit something else if you want. Hard Scales: negate any two attacks of up to 10 damage once per battle.
Mini-dragons are like the normal dragons except they’re more peaceful and less aggressive. They will frequently befriend humans and similar and give them their eggs. If trained when young these dragons also make great pets and can be ridden in battle. The GM should carefully adjudicate the distribution of any flying mounts in the game.
Minotaur
RR 17 HP 25 Damage 1d12 Gold: 100 Movement: 4 Challenge Level: Difficult
Special: Charge: x2 damage on a hit up to twice per encounter. Physical Strength +10
Minotaurs are famous for guarding mazes and living in them. They have the body of a thick man-beast and heads and horns of bulls. Usually complete with nose ring. They are incredibly strong and fierce and when charging with horns lowered they are a menace to be reckoned with. On the bright side they’re none too bright.
Monkey
RR 10 HP 1 Damage 1d6 Gold: 0 Movement: 4 and tree swing. Challenge Level: Easy
Special: monkeys aren’t generally keen on fighting but will sometimes steal cool magic items or other things of interest from the party and then swing away forcing them to climb trees and look foolish.
Monkeys are pretty much self-explanatory. The real lesson to the GM here is to use any kind of normal creature to harass the party and cause them no end of grief. This applies to plants and inanimate objects as well. Just because something doesn’t have a stat block doesn’t mean it can’t: steal from, poison, diseases, maim, slow down, annoy, jabber at, or befuddle the party. It’s pretty much a given that any environment the characters enter will be arbitrarily hostile to them: abuse this fact.
Mummy
RR 14 HP 10 Damage 1d6 (punch) Gold: 50 Movement: 2 Challenge Level: Moderate
Special: takes double damage from fire. Mummy Groan: mental save RR 10 or take -2 from fear or run away for the rest of the encounter. Once the mummy groan is saved against once it doesn’t work on that person for the rest of the adventure. Dark vision: can see in the dark.
Mummies are wrapped in ancient burial wrap which frequently contains gemstones and other things. They tend to guard ancient burial sites and don’t take kindly to intruders. Their strength is usually in numbers because they’re fairly slow and stupid.
Mushroom People
RR 10 HP 1 Damage 1d6 Gold: 10 Movement: 2 Challenge Level: Easy
Special: Spores: physical save RR 10 or incapacitated for 10 rounds.
Mushroom people resemble normal mushrooms except of giant size. They can also be forms of fungus but those have different powers and frequently have immunity or weakness to some form of elemental damage such as: immune to all but fire damage or takes double damage from cold. Vibration sense: sees by vibration.
The mushroom people themselves are a strange and reclusive people who generally sit around and don’t bother anyone but if their territory is invaded they won’t hesitate to incapacitate intruders with spores and then digest them as new fertilizer.
Mystic Owl
RR 10 HP 1 Damage 1d6 (bite) Gold: 0 Movement: 24 fly Challenge Level: Easy
Special: can see the future and communicate with humans and can also see very well.
Mystic owls are larger than regular owls and extremely intelligent. They are helpful and powerful seers often willing to share their weird visions and wisdoms with kindly heroes. They don’t work for anyone, but they’ll occasionally help out.
Ogre
RR 15 Damage 1d10 HP: 15 Gold: 50 Movement: 3 Challenge Level: Moderate
Special: Dark vision, Large, +4 physical strength based skills -2 mental strength skills.
Large, smelly, and aggressive. Most ogres stand a full 10 ft. tall. They don’t qualify as true giants but their natural bad attitude more than makes up for this fact. Luckily Ogres rarely travel in large groups: at most traveling in small hunting parties and more often working alone.
Orb of Sight
RR 14 HP 1 Damage 1d6 (magic) Gold: 100 Movement: 6 fly Challenge Level: Moderate
Special: reveals everything’s true form within 100 ft. and casts bright light.
An orb of sight is just one of the many strange magical orbs populating the land. There is tell of some which destroy magic, others which cause weakness, some which make everyone go insane or mind control them, and others which lure travelers into the mists or dangerous locations. The orb of sight reveals the true form of everything within 100 ft. and casts bright light. It is often used as a scout, ally, or detection method by powerful beings but the orb must always be paid or it may betray the master. Orbs cannot be generally intimidated or threatened. 
Orc
RR 10 Damage: 1d8 HP: 1 Gold: 30 Movement: 3 Challenge Level: Easy
Special: Dark vision, Chaotic, Disorganized
Orcs are larger than goblins and nastier. They tend to live in caves and are very nasty and cruel. They like to form raiding and war parties and attack any nearby settlements to loot and burn as much as they can. Orcs are numerous and almost universally feared and hated. They are very strong and aggressive receiving +3 to physical strength based rolls and checks. Mentally they aren’t so much at ease (-2 all rolls).
To increase the challenge of orcs add more orcs to the challenge and increase the hp, damage, and RR accordingly.
Phoenix
RR 15 HP 1 Damage 1d6 Gold: 0 Movement: 24 fly Challenge Level: Easy
Special: when the phoenix dies it will be reborn from the ashes within 1 week or teleport to a random location to be reborn.
The phoenix is a wild and crazed fire bird. It works for no one and cannot be trained. Some hunters try to catch or slay it but few succeed. It isn’t destructive by nature but sometimes will set things alight by accident. When spotted it is usually an omen of great danger or adventure ahead.
Poison Bush
RR 12 HP 1 Damage 1d6 and poison Gold: 0 Movement: 0 Challenge Level: Moderate
A poison bush can be of any size. It appears to be a normal thorny bush until people approach within 60 ft. When it thinks it can hit the most number of people it strikes everyone with poison thorns shot from the bush. Reflex to avoid physical save RR 10 to negate the poison or it incapacitates you/die. Aggressive poison bushes can move and shoot magical flames or ice instead of poisoned thorns doing 2d6 to any who can’t avoid them. Diabolical wizards frequently grow these plants around their fortresses except for a secret route past them.
Poison Thrower Plant
RR 14 HP 25 Damage 1d6 +poison Physical Save RR 10 or 1d10 additional damage Gold: 0 Movement: 0 Challenge Level: Difficult
Special: Mature Poison Thrower Plant’s poison is Physical Save RR 10 or die. Poison Throwers can move very slowly and eventually shift location over long periods of time. Fire does double damage against these creatures.
Poison Thrower Plants resemble tall dark flowers about 10 ft. tall on a bed of roots and tangled ensnaring vines. Anyone who comes within 30 feet (6) of a poison thrower must make an escape artist (acrobatics) RR 10 or Ref save RR 10 to avoid being trapped and held in place with no attacks or other actions on their round. The RR for a mature poison thrower is 30 and the saves are at RR 14 Reflex to escape. Mature Poison Throwers are deadly so you should only use them against advanced characters capable of raising the dead (or hiring an NPC to do it).
Punisher
RR 20 HP 100 Damage 2d6 yell Gold: 100 or more Movement: 24 and fly Challenge Level: Extreme
Special: The Punisher resembles a tiny human about one inch tall with really big forearms and biceps. When he flexes his muscles whole cities can be destroyed by some strange means. His yell is so powerful it deals 2d6 damage and can blow people back 20 ft. unless they make a reflex or physical save RR 16.
Punishers are tiny human-like creatures who wear straw hats and yell very loudly. Most people either fear or ridicule them.
Raptor
RR 16 HP 5 Damage 1d8 bite Gold: 0 Movement: 12 Challenge Level: Difficult
Special: all strength skills +5. When it brings down a creature it gains +1d6 damage on any hits and gets a free hit per round against that creature unless struck that round. RR 16 reflexes to dodge the free hit.
Raptors are dinosaurs which travel in packs and eat pretty much everyone and everything. They are frequently encountered in the Lost World and on jungle islands but have been known to show up randomly elsewhere.
Robot 
RR 16 HP 20 Damage 1d8 (metal arm) Gold: 100 Movement: 6 Challenge Level: Difficult
Special: various immunities. Lightning intellect. Cannot think like a human usually.
Robots are mechanical creatures which may be powered by magic or technological means. They are frequently programmed with a mission like: defend this doorway or seek out the lost city. Some robots are intelligent and make very deadly opponents with lightning fast processors and super human strength. Their weakness is usually an inability to think outside the box.
Rune Panther
RR 19 HP 40 Damage 2d6 (claw) and 1 free hit per round for 2d6 damage Reflex RR 19 to resist. Gold: 0 Movement: 7 Challenge Level: Very Difficult
Special: Inscribed with 1 to 5 magical runes which give it bonuses or special abilities up to the GM in nature. Here are some ideas: poison bite, fly, invisible, mind control, telepathy, damage bonus 1d6, extra free hit per round, +10 all physical skill rolls. Sense of smell and true sight: can see through all illusions, spells, invisibility, and so forth.
Rune panthers are like regular panthers except their fur has been scribed with mystic runes making them terrible magical hunters. They frequently attack with surprise and their claws and bite are deadly.
Sea Monster
RR 14 HP 40 Damage 1d6 bite Gold: 100 Movement: 6 swim Challenge Level: Very Difficult
Special: swallow whole on the second round after a successful bite roll an escape artist RR 20 or bust free RR 30 or the creature eats you for 2d6 damage per round but the stomach is RR 10 if you can attack from within. Slam: May trade in a bite to deal 2d6 damage to up to ten targets in the way of the slam or break a galley in half. Reflexes RR 20 dodges a slam.
Sea monsters frequently are encountered at sea where they are giant turtles (add 5 damage reduction armor), squid (ink spray), serpents, or whatever. You can weaken them and create small monsters with less hp or make sharks and so forth.
Sea Serpent
RR 14 HP 20 Damage 1d6 bite Gold: 50 Movement 6 swim Challenge Level: Moderate
Special: dark vision in caves.
This special version of sea monster is a serpent which frequently lives in cave pools underground. It is very difficult to spot before it strikes and may haul people underwater when it hits with its bite as a free action. Fighting underwater is usually -4 to all rolls but may be changed as the GM sees fit.
Shape Changer
RR 15 HP 10 Damage 1d6 (magic) Gold: 100 Movement: 3 Challenge Level: Difficult
Special: A shape changer can turn into any form of its approximate mass. Weaker shape changers can only switch between humanoid forms.
Shape changers are not necessarily bad, but when on the wrong side of a battle they can be a formidable adversary indeed. Shape changers frequently have disguise and bluff skills at +10 and gain +10 circumstance bonus to the rolls because of a shifted form unless a clue to their true identity is discovered.
Skeleton
RR 12 HP 1 Damage 1d8 Gold: 0 Movement: 3 Challenge Level: Easy
Special: Undead, immune to: hunger, thirst, lack of sleep, and various other things which plague the living. Once per encounter a skeleton can ignore any one ranged or melee attack because it has no ‘vital organs’.
Skeletons are mindless automatons who obey their last orders like any other construct or whoever created or summoned them. They cannot be intimidated and they are immune to fear and mind control.
Zombie
See skeleton above but zombies are slower Movement: 2 and they can also come back to life once per encounter rather than ignore one attack if you wish.
Snake Medusa
RR 19 HP 20 Damage 1d8 (weapon) Gold: 100 Movement: 4 Challenge Level: Very Difficult
Special: Anyone who sees the medusa is turned to stone. A physical saving throw RR 16 to resist is allowed and mirrors may be helpful. In melee combat the medusa’s snake hair bites for a free hit of 1d6 damage once per round against anyone adjacent.
Medusa resemble snake women with snakes for hair and slits for eyes. They frequently create gardens of statues and arrange them artfully. They are most often found alone but a band of medusa can be a force to be reckoned with. Fighting blind imposes penalties at least -4 in melee combat and makes ranged combat nearly impossible.
Soul Gem Undead Wizard
RR 16 HP 80 Damage 1d10 (magic) Gold: 100 Movement: 5 Challenge Level: Very Difficult
Special: Can opt to deal 1d6 to all characters up to ten instead of 1d10 magic to one. Mental RR 18 to resist. Disintegration touch: anyone touched physically by the undead wizard must make a physical save RR 10 or disintegrate dropping to 0 hp and cannot fight the rest of this battle but may be restored with a healing spell. Magic: the undead wizard can use any magical abilities you assign it and frequently has minions. Soul Gem: the undead will have one crystal hidden somewhere usually on its person which if destroyed destroys the undead wizard.
Undead wizards continue to research magic and seek to rule the world in their crazed state. They don’t generally work with others but large amounts of weaker undead frequently serve them. To hit an exposed soul gem requires RR 20 minimum but it has only 1 hp. Some people call these undead wizards necro-dead-guys.
Sphinx
RR 16 HP 20 Damage 1d6 claw and one free hit for 1d6 per round. Mental RR 16 to resist this free hit. Gold: 100 Movement: 12 Challenge Level: Very Difficult
Special: magic powers, and riddles. Must solve three riddles to pass the sphinx or are turned to stone, mental save at RR 12.
Sphinx are typically females on the top half and lions on the bottom half or something weird like that. They’re famous for impersonating statues and for asking riddles which must be solved or the dire consequences faced.
Stealer Ooze
RR 16 HP 10 Damage 1d6 and special power (touch) Gold: 0 Movement: 2 Challenge Level: Moderate
Special: A stealer ooze has a special power such as acid 1d6 each round until washed off, fire, explosion 6d6, steals all magic from a character, saps all strength, or whichever. Usually a saving throw RR 14 is allowed for the greater effects. The color of the ooze identifies its abilities. Vibrations sense: sees via vibrations.
Oozes are usually small and lie in wait in the darkness for helpless prey such as mice and such. In large numbers or in inescapable locations they can be deadly to even larger prey which doesn’t recognize them or can’t get away.
Storm Wolf
RR 12 HP 5 Damage 1d6 Gold: 0 Movement: 6 Challenge Level: Moderate
Special: Lightning teleport anywhere within vision range as a free action. Once per encounter frost breath in melee physical save RR 10 or paralyzed for 1d6 rounds.
Storm wolves are huge white wolves frequently ridden by goblins and such. They can breathe frost to incapacitate people and teleport at will over short distances. If trained from a pup they make loyal mounts but can only be commanded to teleport once per encounter.
Succubus
RR 12 HP 5 Damage 1d6 (unarmed) Gold: 10 Movement: 3 Challenge Level: Moderate
Special: Seductress: charm any humanoid of the opposite gender unless they make a mental save RR 10. Charmed creatures fall under the GMs control until they break free or are released by some means.
Succubae are weird demons who try to mind control men or women to bend them to their evil ways. They tend to be exceedingly beautiful except for the fact they’re bloody demons and usually have horns on their heads. Mostly they tend to get thwarted or banished back to their dimension. Occasionally powerful villains will fall in love with them which is just purely ridiculous.
Tentacle Beast
RR 10 HP 30 Damage 1d10 (vine) Gold: 100 Movement: 1 Challenge Level: Difficult
Special: hidden +10, can climb on any surface. Whenever it attacks with surprise it automatically hits any foes in range with 1 vine attack each. Any vine attack which hits entangles a target for no actions unless escape RR 15 or bust out with strength RR 20.
Tentacle beasts are a load of tentacles and a mouth which usually hides in wait somewhere. Whenever it thinks it can get the most number of people it attacks. Venus fly traps also have an inescapable mouth instead of tentacles.
Tentacle Brain Eater
RR 26 HP 40 Damage 2d6 psionic all up to 10 within 100 ft. Gold: 1,000 Challenge Level: Extreme
Special: can sense thoughts of all, mind control instantly within 100 ft. unless mental save RR 12 is made, shockwave mental attack hits all targets up to ten within 100 ft RR 18 Mental to resist shockwave. In melee deals 5d6 tentacle damage automatic and if this would kill anyone sucks out their brain. True sight: can see all illusions, magic, invisible, etc. Cannot be enchanted because of strong mind. Immune to mental abilities. Can have flying or other magic powers if the GM allows.
Tentacle Brain Eaters are extremely wicked and intelligent. They generally work alone but may team up to invade empires and such. They’re famous for mind controlling everyone, eating people’s brains, and having weird tentacles and eyeballs which give them true sight.
Titan
RR 25 HP 100 Damage 6d6 magic or slam Gold: 1,000 Movement: 24 all Challenge Level: Extreme
Special: may have any magical abilities the GM wishes and once per round automatically hits someone with a 2d6 curse magic attack or sword jab RR Mental 20 or Reflexes respectively to dodge this free attack.
Titans were the foes of the ancient Greek gods. They are frequently huge annoying beings who destroy everything in their path when on the loose and who like to crush heroes. The Greek gods themselves are probably even more powerful if fought for some reason. In this game they aren’t actually gods but merely very powerful beings who live in other dimensions. 
Trapper
RR 16 HP 20 Damage 1d6 bite Gold: 100 Movement: 3 Challenge Level: Difficult
Special: shape change: this creature can mimic the shape of any object equal to its size but not living creatures. It receives +10 to hide in this mode and cannot usually be spotted unless someone is looking for it. Dark vision: can see in the dark. Surprise attack: +2d6 damage if the GM allows.
A trapper is a semi-intelligent creature which lives underground disguised as some object usually a chest full of money. When an unsuspecting creature comes over to get the chest it jumps up and tries to eat them.
Treant
See evil tree for stats. Treants are massive trees who are good and guardians of the wood. They can be called upon in times of dire need but are very slow to make decisions. They tend to mistake small creatures for dwarf orcs or similar.
Tree Monster
RR 16 Damage 1d10 HP: 25 Gold: 0 Movement: 4 (forest) 2 (other) Challenge Level: Difficult
Special: Double damage from fire. Control plants: once per encounter 1d6 1 hp 3 move damage 1d6 creatures summoned from surrounding plant growth. Immunity: not harmed by any damage without fire (instantly heals).
Tree monsters are nasty guardians of the woods. They normally do not attack unless angered by the sight of fire in their woodlands.
Triton
See titan and change the flavor text to a giant fish guy type thing. He also probably has an awesomely big trident and kind of looks like Poseidon. 
Troll
RR 16 Damage 1d8 HP: 20 Gold: 0 Two Attacks (1 free bonus free hit for 1d8 damage once per battle Reflex RR 16 no damage) Movement: 4 Challenge Level: Difficult
Special: Dark vision, Natural Armor (negate any 1 attack of 2 damage or less per battle).
Trolls are large green creatures standing near 7 ft. tall. They are semi-intelligent and hate fire. Generally, they try to eat people.
Tunnel Worm
RR 16 HP 30 Damage 1d10 (bite) Gold: 0 Movement: 6 tunnel Challenge Level: moderate
Special: while fighting with surprise from underground RR 18. Vibration sense: sees with vibration.
A tunnel worm is a huge worm which can chew through stone and earth and move at high speed. It frequently jumps out of the earth and eats people which is RR 20 perception to spot or automatically hit and you get no attacks back. The tunnel worm eats anyone it can kill. You can make all kinds of variants with this creature adding the tunnel ability to whatever you want.
Two Headed Giant
See giant but the two heads argue constantly with each other.
Tyrannosaurus Rex
RR 17 HP 100 Damage 3d6 (bite) Gold: 0 Movement: 12 Challenge Level: Very Difficult
Special: Eat Whole: Escape artist 25 or equivalent or strength roll 35 or more. On the second round after being bitten the t-rex may give up its attack to swallow a creature for 3d6 damage per round but can be targeted as RR 12 from within.
Tyrannosaurus Rexs were widely regarded as some of the biggest and fiercest of all dinosaurs. Even if they actually were upstaged by some other dinosaur with a fancier name they’re more famous and easily recognized by their distinctive loud roar which means, “I’m going to eat you!” or “My brain is very small!”
Undead Dragon
RR 18 HP 80 Damage 2d6 (claw) Gold: 1,000 Movement: 6 (24 fly) Challenge Level: Very Difficult
Special: undead immunities. Once per adventure pass through all objects as an immaterial being for up to 6 rounds. Only magic can harm this creature. Breath weapon once per encounter as a free action deals 3d6 to all creatures and disables all once per adventure powers for the duration of the encounter. Mental RR 10 resists the adventure power disable and Mental RR 16 is ½ damage rounded up from the breath weapon.
Undead dragons are the skeletons or ghosts of dragons. They tend to be nasty and either command a legion of lesser undead or work as a minion or mount for a greater undead.
Unfriendly Water Elemental
RR 14 HP 20 Damage 1d8 + water jet ranged 6 and Physical save RR 10 or +1d6 damage and knocked prone (-4 next round all actions from wind being knocked out of you and strange water magic powers). Movement: 4 Gold: 40 Challenge Level: Difficult
Special: Made of water, can morph into any shape (but still appears to be water) and can move under door cracks or whichever. X2 damage from lightning and cold damage (any cold attack which deals 2 or more damage freezes a water elemental solid for at least 1 round (0 RR).
Water Elementals are usually peaceful but there are a rare few (like in any race) who take to more larcenous ways. An unfriendly water elemental makes a great infiltrator or warrior. To make an Air Elemental use the same stats but add +12 Stealth from being transparent and fly 24 from being made of air. Air Elementals are even better at infiltrating things than Water Elementals are.
Air Elemental (See Description Above)
Unicorn
RR 10 HP 20 Damage 1d8 (horn) Gold: horn Movement: 12 Challenge Level: Moderate
Unicorns are good creatures who will frequently seek out and heal heroes in need. Their magical horns can cure any ailment and restore 2d6 hp on a touch. Only pure maidens may ride them. A horn taken from a unicorn will function as a 2d6 heal rod with 5 charges. To create a Pegasus remove the horn and give a hoof attack and give the creature fly 24. 
Pegasus (see above).
Vampire
RR 20 HP 50 Damage 1d8 (bite or weapon) Gold: 100 Movement: 3 (fly 24) Challenge Level: Very Difficult
Special: Regenerates 5 hp per round. Vulnerable to: sunlight, crosses, holy water, etc. Vampires can only be killed at 0 hp or less when stabbed through the heart with a wooden stake RR 22. Hates garlic. Vampires can transform into bats and gain +10 to all physical strength and intelligence based skills. Vampires don’t show up in mirrors and may have 1-5 psionic or magical powers at the GM’s discretion. Once per encounter all creatures within 60 ft. must make a mental save RR 10 or fall under the vampire’s command. Foes of the vampire who make a save cannot be affected again this adventure by that vampire. Anyone bitten by a vampire will rise again as a vampire within 1 day or so.
Vampires are known as one of the greatest and most feared undead. They have strong powers of mind control, live forever, and have magical powers. Anyone turned into a vampire is controlled by the GM unless they can be restored to human form by a remove curse or similar after the over vampire is defeated.
Vampire Bat
RR 14 HP 5 Damage 1d8 (bite) Movement: 24 fly Challenge Level: Moderate
Special: Vampire bite: the bat gains bonus hp equal to the damage dealt to a max of +20 hp and will fly away once full. Once it bites it latches on and does automatic damage each round until killed or broken off RR 30.
Giant vampire bats frequently live underground and use echolocation to find prey and attack with surprise. They’re cowards and will run away if they’re about to die or if they’re full. Some villains have trained vampire rats so they can ride them.
Vicious Boar
RR 20 HP 50 Damage 1d6 x 10 Gold: 1,000 Movement: 12 Challenge Level: Extreme
Special: Charge: once per round can strike anyone for full damage unless they roll reflex RR 10 to get out of the way.
Vicious boars are huge and have nasty tusks. They have supernatural powers of rage, stamina, and crazed abandon. They work for no one. Frequently they are hunted as a ritual rite by primitive species to prove honor and such. Few return to tell the tale.
Werewolf
RR 16 HP 40 Damage 1d10 (bite) Gold: 0 Movement: 6 Challenge Level: Very Difficult
Special: Anyone bitten by a werewolf will become a werewolf by the next full moon. In their normal form they usually have no memory of what happened. Werewolves are incredibly strong and fast gaining +10 to all physical skill checks and run checks. They are also immune to all damage except from silvered weapons.
Werewolves are ferocious and much feared opponents. They aren’t usually controlled by anyone but will sometimes form packs. Anyone who is turned into a werewolf is controlled by the GM when they transform.
Winged Avenger
RR 16 HP 30 Damage 1d10 (sword or magic) Gold: 100 Movement: 3 (24 fly) Challenge Level: Very Difficult
Special: heal 2d6, cure affliction, raise dead 90%, summon allies, magic powers chosen by the GM, light, wings, see in the dark, and smite evil +2d6 damage.
Winged Avengers are also known as the guardian angels of the realm. They hail from other dimensions but they visit the world to do their good where they can. In hours of need they frequently show up to turn the tide of a battle, to rescue a hero, or to bestow some much needed healing power. Demons really hate these guys and go into a psychotic frenzy when they see them and try to kill them off.
Obstacles
Listed below are some common obstacles and RRs for stunts the PCs may attempt. Some of these tasks may not be so much obstacles as stunts and uses for skills the characters may try to attempt. Use the recommendations on this list as that only: recommendations. If you feel any task should be governed by a different skill(s) or that the RR should be lower or higher for any reason, make the change.
Part 17.4: List of Obstacles
Bust down a flimsy door: Physical Strength RR 10
Bust down an average door: Physical Strength RR 15
Bust down a door in one round: Physical Strength RR 20+
Bust down an iron reinforced door or a thick door: RR 20 Physical Strength
Bust down a steel door: RR 30 Physical Strength
Smash through a 1 foot thick wall of stone: RR 30 Physical Strength
Bash through stone continuously (fast tunneling with appropriate tools or weapons): RR 35+5 for each 10 feet of depth tunneled without taking a break. There may be a risk of injury.
Eavesdrop on a conversation: RR 15 Perception or Listen
Listen through a door or at a distance: RR 15 Perception or Listen
Spot a monster ambush: RR 15+5 if the monsters are well hidden/working alone in darkness. Or opposed by Stealth.
Back-flip over a monster(s) head: RR 15 Acrobatics
Escape from rope bonds: Escape Artist/Acrobatics RR 18
Escape from chain bonds: Escape Artist/Acrobatics RR 25
Pick the lock on a jail cell without tools: RR 25 Thievery or Pick Lock
Pick the Average lock (with tools): RR 20
Kick Down a door with your foot: RR 20 Physical Strength
Ford a Raging River: Athletics/Swim RR 20
Swim a calm Lake: Athletics/Swim RR 15 + Endurance RR 10
Pass off a plausible lie: Social or Lying RR 10
Pass off any lie: Social or Lying RR 15
Pass off an outrageous lie or get foe to drop guard (-2 foes RR next attack): Social or Lying RR 20+
Make Friends with someone of neutral disposition to you: RR 15 diplomacy or Social
Convince hostile creatures not to attack you: RR 20 Diplomacy or Social
Convince nasty monsters not to attack you: RR 25+ Social or Diplomacy
Intimidate someone to spill the beans/surrender: RR of creature or person +5 if it would seem unlikely that he would back down such as in a large group. The GM may modify this RR depending on circumstances and the creature’s disposition.
Identify a Magic Spell/Effect: Knowledge Magic RR 15+5 if the spell is obscure or powerful.
Obtain Common Knowledge: RR 10 Knowledge (whichever it is) or Rumor Gather (where appropriate).
Obtain Uncommon Knowledge: RR 15 as above
Obtain Obscure or Rare Knowledge: RR 20. Having access to a library with extensive books on the subject may lower the RR by as much as 5.
Know something outrageous or weird: Knowledge (subject specific) only RR 25 or 30 if it’s really detailed.
Track a band of creatures in soft soil: RR 10 tracking or wood lore.
Track a single creature over normal terrain: RR 15 tracking or wood lore
Track a single creature over stone or similar: RR 20 or more if there are no signs.
Track a single creature through a blizzard by smell alone: RR 30 tracking or wood lore and perception 25 or 30 (smelling).
Survive in the Woods: RR 15 Survival
Survive in a richly populated jungle: RR 10 Survival
Survive in a hostile or inhospitable environment: RR 20 Survival
Survive in an extreme environment: RR 25 survival
Survive in impossible circumstances: RR 30 Survival (like being buried alive and eating worms, sent to the bottom of the sea and finding an air-filled cave, etc.).
Spot something difficult to find: RR 15 Perception or Search
Spot a secret door or similar: RR 20 Perception or Search
Spot a well-concealed secret door or trap: RR 25 Perception or Trap Find and must be actively searching.
Find a needle in a haystack: RR 30 Perception or Search.
Pick Someone’s Pocket: Thievery or Steal opposed by Perception of creature.
Chapter Eighteen: Sample Adventure

Part 18.1: The Dragon and The Princess
A 1st level adventure
As the GM feel, free to read the player’s the introduction aloud at the start of the adventure, but better yet you could memorize the adventure and then describe it to them in your own words. Then answer or make up the answers to any questions they may have. Be sure to keep the secrets of the adventure secret. Only reveal what the players could logically know. Passages in italics may be read aloud to the players or paraphrased as you wish.
Korg is a world of magic and heroes, knights and dragons. Wizards hurl spells and warriors sling swords in mighty magical combat. You are an adventurer, a person who has made it his duty to roam the land and get into trouble. You seek famous treasures, great challenges, and fair maidens. When you enter the kingdom of Klurg you see a great red dragon spewing flame down on people’s crops and buildings. It is miles off, but so big it lights up the sky like a giant flaming pigeon. You turn to your fellows and say, “This looks like fun.” Then decide to set out to kill the dragon. You find the king of the land cowering in his throne, and glancing feverishly around as if expecting attack from above at any moment.
You bow and introduce yourselves. The king says, “You’ve come not a moment too soon. The dragon, Red Rat The Outrageous, has stolen away my only daughter, goodness knows why. You must save her.”
At this point you should let the PC’s haggle out whatever kind of deal they want to make with the king. You should call for a few perception or spot checks against RR 20 to see if anyone notices the king is actually a shape changed duck. Don’t tell them why they’re rolling. Just say. “To see if you find something”. If anyone succeeds on their roll simply tell them. “Something seems wrong about the king.”
Regardless of how the rest pans out the PC’s should head to the dragons cave for one reason or another. Be sure to point out the devastation of the dragon on the innocents. It must be stopped. It might add to the drama if a loved one of one of the PC’s is captured by the dragon, or a distant cousin has had his farm burned down. This gives the PC’s a better motivation. Also be sure to mention the Dragon is rumoured to have amassed a huge pile of gold and gems it sleeps on and how fierce and terrible and strong it is.
You can make it a little difficult for the PC’s to find the dragon, possibly they need to track it, or watch for sightings but they should eventually find its cave. Be prepared if they try to ambush it out in the open. This could happen.
Treat the dragon’s cave as a dungeon. When they gaze into the open mouth of the cave all is dark. The first player to walk in is hit with a wall of magic. No one can enter the cave except for the dragon. This is a challenge. The PC’s could bypass the wall in many ways. The warrior could try to smash it. The wizard could disable it. A skills master could find its power source, or someone could dig through the roof.
As you enter the cave a smell of burnt ash and giant lizard enters your nostrils. It’s dark in here.
If anyone lights a lamp, a torch, or casts a spell of light be sure to congratulate them. Otherwise let them stumble around in the dark.
The next obstacle is a chasm. The dragon can fly to the other side but the PC’s probably can’t. Let them climb down into the chasm and up the far side, tightrope their way across or try any other stunt they can think of. Once they’re on the far side present them with a short tunnel and the obstacle of the three doors.
You see before you three iron doors with the hinges on the inside. All are locked. All are huge and could fit a dragon. Each is marked with some ruins in gibberish. The door on the right is gold, the one in the middle is bronze, and the one on the left is silver.
Let the players fiddle with the doors, decipher the runes, smash down the doors, or whatever else they can think of. If anyone can figure out the runes the silver door is the way to go. The gold door is trapped to stun anyone who touches it and the bronze door leads into a magical maze filled with pesky little monsters. To get out of the maze requires a navigation check RR 15 or a bit of good role-playing like leaving a string behind yourself. The monsters are RR 10 and deal 1d6 damage to those failing their challenge. Every time someone fails a navigation check the heroes wander around for another hour and 1-6 monsters attack them either together or one by one. Feel free to add in interesting bits of treasure, pit traps in the floor, sliding walls, and whatever else you can think of.
The gold door deals 1d6+1 damage instantly to whoever touches it and knocks them senseless for 10 seconds. Don’t tell the player immediately what happened. Let the other player’s react to the situation and congratulate anyone who tries CPR or suchlike until the player recovers. Then inform him of the damage.
When the players at last get through the silver door they hear a great vibration and humming from the dragons snoring. Don’t tell them what it is. Let them guess. The next chamber is where the dragon sleeps. With one eye open. Let the players roll to spot this RR 15.
He’s lying on a huge pile of treasure and behind him hanging in a bird cage is the princess. Be sure to describe the dragons iron hard scales, its huge size and the princess’s loveliness or lack thereof.
If anyone tries to attack the dragon or steal its treasure it wakes up. The dragon roars and the room shakes. Make it clear the dragon is very dangerous and attacking it might be a bad idea. Then let the player’s do whatever they want. If they fight the dragon make it a huge battle but also winnable. Dragon RR 15 to hit and 30 hp. Feel free to increase the dragon’s hp if the heroes can do a lot of damage. The dragon deals 1d6+2 damage to one player with a claw on a failed roll (player’s roll all dice and, thus, dictate the nature of the challenge) or 1d6 damage to all players with its breath. Reflex save RR 10 for ½ damage rounded up if you didn’t trigger the breath attack. Be sure to let the dragon hit different people and let the heroes take the hit for wounded companions. The aim is not to kill the heroes off, but to make them sweat. If the PC’s are having an easy time of it have the dragon deal 2d6 damage on a hit and increase its difficulty to hit to RR 18 or more as it takes flight and rains down fire from above. Give bonuses to any player who targets the beast’s eyes or soft underbelly.
If the players try to negotiate the dragon is much more reasonable. Have him talk in a cultured, efficient sort of way. He’ll agree to stop destroying villages if the PC’s take the troublesome princess off his hands. Anyone who asks why the dragon kidnapped her in the first place gets no response. Something’s up.
Someone will have to climb up to the bird cage and release the princess. Getting the dragon to help is a good idea. Once she’s down role-play the princess as incredibly whiny and annoying. The Dragon is not open to giving the player’s any of its treasure and tries to eat anyone who tries. RR 10 not to be eaten. If failed must escape from mouth or stomach somehow.
Before the PC’s can leave, the princess sprouts fangs and her hair turns to crystallized coal. She hisses and spits and her eyes glow bright green. She explains in a high voice she is the Under Queen of Zerg and forced the dragon to do her bidding. She seeks to kill all humans for their insult to her. Long ago the hero Heradin wooed her but left her and now she seeks revenge.
The players can fight her or negotiate with her. Either way make it a tough challenge to pull off. If they fight her have her wound every member of the group but kill no one. Let the PC’s deal damage but say their weapons only cause small splits in her skin. She obviously has a huge amount of hp and is a very high level foe. Let the PC’s run away if they wish and reward their clever thinking. If they come up with a truly brilliant way to slay her let them. Otherwise have her stop just short of killing one PC and say “You are no match for me” smile annoyingly and disappear in a cloud of smoke. Either way the dragon leaves peacefully and the PC’s can grab up the treasure. Let them spend as long as they want counting their loot, looking for magical gear, and otherwise gloating. There are magical swords +1 -+3 attack your choice. Cloaks of stealth +2 to stealth rolls. Box of extra space. Can carry 1,000 lbs of gear at no extra weight. A wand of fireballs allowing any wizard to shoot fireballs as per the power. A staff of magic that glows brightly in the hands of a wizard and increases the force of his spells by 1 damage. 100,000 gold coins and anything else you can think of or that the players can think of.
When they finally get back to the castle, everyone cheers them in the streets. They are hailed as dragon slayers. People take them in to feed them pies. Women name their babies after them. The king graciously pays them their reward if any and asks about his princess.
Whatever the PC’s response he grows increasingly angry until they tell the truth. If they don’t tell the truth he has a load of guards lock them away in the dungeons. No rolls allowed. The next adventure will be their grand escape.
If the PC’s crack and tell the truth the king looks angry and then his form distorts. He crumbles to ash before their eyes and in his place stands a duck. Everyone in the courtroom screams. The PC’s have turned the king into a duck! They’ve killed the king! End the adventure here and let the PC’s plan out what they’re going to do to rectify the problem. Next adventure is a whole new story and it’s your turn to write the script.
If they’re in jail, let them come up with an escape plan. 
The options for the next adventure are almost limitless but be sure to ask the players what they themselves think is going to happen next. Use their ideas to come up with your own. Will the Under Queen of Zerg return? Who turned the king into a duck and why? Where’s the real king? Do the king and the Under Queen of Zerg work together? Does the dragon want his treasure back? Maybe one of the PC’s magic items is the key to destroying the villain, escaping the dungeon, or proving their innocence? Or maybe you have your own idea. Go with it. Have fun.
Chapter Nineteen: HOW TO MESS WITH YOUR PLAYERS’ MINDS
by
David L. Dostaler
Women.
Lots of women. Preferably, scantily clad.
There, you can’t say I haven’t fulfilled the promise in this book’s title.
Seriously though, many GM’s have their hands full creating killer adventures, stories, plots, and what have you. If I can relieve any of the GM’s great burden, then that’s great. To this end I seek to give you as wide a list of possible challenges to throw at your players as possible. Why challenges?
Challenges are what make most games tick, and many novels and movies too, it comes down to conflict and mighty heroes struggling against such conflict. The higher the temperature, the greater the pressure on the heroes, the better the story.
Of course if you lay on too much pressure they may just end up frustrated or feeling that you’re ‘out to get them’ which is never a good thing. A little healthy fear, however, goes a long way. Fear has an interesting way of keeping you on the edge of your seat, so does tension and the two of them go hand in hand with conflict which is a close cousin to danger. Not all challenges are dangerous however, some can be equally as terrifying so long as the present the risk of terrible lose to someone or something whether the story, characters, the friends and family of the characters, the world, or someone’s psychological state or well-being.
So how does this book help you accomplish all that? No book can do all the work for you. 90% of the GM’s job must be done by the GM, and the GM alone. This book is here to help with the other 10%. It’s here to inspire you when you feel down, create for you when you feel blocked, and jumpstart your imagination when you’re already in high gear.
Use this book as a tool, an aid, a guide, a spur for your imagination, something to laugh at (or cry at), or a reference of things to throw at your players to meddle with their brains.
Really, that’s what this book is all about. Messing with your players’ brains. But in a good way. You want them to remember your adventures forever (or at least tell them to their grandkids). This book will give you the tools to do this. Only you, the orchestrator, the maestro, the author of your world can pull it off. Here are your blocks, use them well.
Part 19.1: Kinds of Challenges
I think it’s safe to say we’ve established that challenges provide the backdrop on which a great story can be told. Would Frodo’s journey to Mount Doom really have been that heroic without a million orcs, the ring wraiths, and Sauron himself standing in his way? (Not to mention the ring and Golum: Frodo had loads of problems).
Would Harry Potter have been so famous if Voldemort, Death Eaters, Dementors, and practically everyone else hadn’t been trying to kill him? (Not to mention losing his parents, school problems, and Malfoy and Snape).
Would Winnie the Pooh still be an adorable old bear if Christopher Robin hadn’t kept periodically showing up and putting him down by saying “Silly old bear”? (Probably).
The point is heroes are forged from conflict and challenge and not just any old conflict and any small challenge. Lots of challenge. Extreme unbelievable amounts of challenge and conflict. Conflict and challenge are the roots of any good story and if you look far enough you’re bound to spot them in any famous tale you care to reckon with (except Pooh).
This is not to say that you should land your heroes (players) with any old random disease, bad luck, or unfortunate event you can think of. Conflict is only ever generated by two opposing forces. An anvil falling out of nowhere and killing you isn’t a challenge or an interesting conflict. Conflict means a fight, but not necessarily the kind with fists, swords, or guns. It means back and forth action. When the hero goes down everyone cheers ten times harder when he gets back up to fight again. Everyone loves to root for an underdog and that includes you and the players. If the players genuinely feel their characters are fighting heroically against immense odds (but that they still have a chance to win) they’ll have a blast if they really do ‘triumph against all odds’.
If you rig the outcome, let them win, kill them all, or whatever all of this tension is lost and there is no sense of great victory. It’s your job to make the odds seemingly impossible and challenge the players to the limits of their ability but without actually making things hopeless (or handing them victory on a silver platter).
The GM’s job is an interesting one to say the least. You want the player’s to win, but you most certainly can’t help them do so. You want the odds to be great against them, but neither do you want them to give up hope, despair, quit, or actually be killed (although this may sometimes happen).
If you do your job just right the players will ‘heroically’ triumph against all odds (or heroically fail, but even then the challenge is often worth the chance of failure if you play it right). Even if the heroes do fail, when they eventually succeed (failure need not mean death) their victory will be all the more real and all the sweeter.
This brings me to my next point: villains. A villain as you probably well know, rarely goes down in the first book or movie of a trilogy. He often annoyingly persists, against all odds and heroes effort, until the final book of the series. This is for a reason and it’s not just to tick off the readers. A villain who triumphs, escapes, and triumphs again generates a very real aura of annoyance (and, even better, actual challenge) the more he refuses to die and unleashes his powers the greater the odds seem against the players. Every time he eludes capture, beats them, or pulls off part of his vile scheme he becomes a more formidable opponent in the player’s minds. You must not overdo or underdo this. If the player’s cannot defeat him for love or money they may give up hope (or simply become annoyed) especially if it seems the GM is ‘protecting’ the villain which will lose any and all respect they may have had for him up until that point (and possibly of the GM as well). If, on the other hand, no villain can survive any one encounter with your heroes they may be having too easy a time of it. Rarely will anyone remember or ever talk about a story or adventure in which they never broke into a sweat. Often you’ll hear someone remark of a good movie “I never thought he’d do that…” whereas a bad movie is liable not to be mentioned at all, or only mentioned with scorn. It is the same with your game.
If you ever do strike that magical balance between total hopelessness and true triumph against fantastic odds I guarantee you’ll notice it and your players will enjoy it. It’s that special moment when everyone pulls out every single stop they possibly can and their fate still seems to hang by just a thread, they may even feel very strongly that they may have a chance to die (or lose). Hit points run low, spells run out, allies fall, villains and minions swarm in, and time draws to a close before a catastrophic event. The final act to save the day (or save their skins) may seem impossible to the heroes, and yet, someone will have to make the attempt. When that final attempt rings true and the final plan of brilliance saves the day, that is when everyone breaths a sigh of relief, smiles, and says, “I never thought we could have done this.”
Of course this doesn’t happen every adventure, and nor should it. Such things are best saved for the end of a campaign, or a truly super-heroic adventure. The lessons taught by such a special adventure, however, can be applied to nearly any game you run with good results.
In the following sections I’ll list some commonly themed challenges which often crop up in any good adventure or book. You can drop them in ready-made into your ongoing games or use them for your own ideas and purposes however you see fit.
Remember, when your player’s are yawning or laughing at the last band of orcs they killed, it may be a time to turn up the heat. Increase the challenge, up the ante, increase the risk, use conflict, and make them worry if they really will survive, let alone emerge victorious. Just watch as the adrenaline kicks up a notch and you see them trying all kinds of crazy stunts they never would if they knew they were going to win.
Often true character shows up strongest when met with true adversity. Are your players really facing true adversity right now?
Monsters
This simple challenge is the bread and butter of most game masters and for good reason, they work. The reason they work so well is that they instantly generate conflict in any situation. Sitting at a bar? No problem: throw in a bar fight and you’ve created conflict. Dining with the princess? Have the king accuse the party of treason and watch swords fly against the guards. The characters are all setting camp in the woods? A band of goblins screams out of nowhere and tries to rob them of their valuables: instant conflict. Ship flying to a new planet? A space pirate drops out of warp and opens fire: more conflict.
So why, might you ask, don’t you just use monsters all the time and be done with it? Several reasons. Combat is exciting fresh and fun but only for a while. Eventually everything starts to become tedious and repetitive. The players first fight with goblins may be thrilling, but what about the tenth, the hundredth? Chances are by the 9th fight they’ll all be yawning. Goblins aren’t new and dangerous, an unknown to reckon with, they’re a guaranteed victory and a guaranteed victory is no fun for anyone (least of all the goblins).
One solution is to never use the same monster twice. If all monsters are new and deadly then there’s always the element of the unknown, the element of danger. Such tactics often work quite well, for a while. But eventually you can’t just keep throwing new monsters at the party. They’ll start to complain. Every monster is new and different, it gets to the point where new monsters is an old hat tactic. Yawns again. On top of that the GM quickly uses up every monster he can think of and constantly has to come up with new versions of his own devising. Making up monsters is fun, but if the party never meets the same foe twice the realism of your fictional world quickly goes down the tubes.
So what am I saying? Monsters are bad? Hardly. Combat itself is the problem. Combat is fun, combat is high action, combat is conflict. With so many things going for it, it should hardly come as a surprise that most GMs use (and overuse) monsters and other combatants.
The reason combat so quickly gets stale is that the players are always doing the same things. Rolling the same dice, taking the same actions, fighting and healing in the same way over and over. It becomes routine, and routine is boring. Hardly what you want for a dramatic sword fight.
My advice? Ease off the gas. Every encounter in your game doesn’t have to involve someone sticking a sword into someone else. Combat is the most dramatic element of fiction (and the game) so why overuse it? Look at the average best-seller or classic. How much sword fighting and monster killing is there really? 50% 20% I think you’ll find it’s much closer to 5% or less, if even that. What does this mean? It means you might want to take a thing or two from the master fictioneers: ease off the monsters and fighting, when you do use them it’ll be that much more dramatic and interesting.
What would you rather have: 10 fights against various monsters all of which you know you’re going to win, or 1 fight against a terrible, unknown, and witting opponent. One easily capable of ambushing you and killing you in a heartbeat?
Of course in real life you’d take the ten easy wins, but in a game wouldn’t it be more fun to take on the tough fight? It’s certainly more worthwhile bragging about (and remembering) when you take on worthy (or even superior) foes rather than minor opponents. The stories about one guy taking on 100 challengers with superior weapons are the stories that man passes down for hundreds of years and dozens of generations, not the stories about 1 guy beating up on people smaller than him. Aim to make those great stories.
Let’s say you follow my reasoning but you’re still not sure you really want to give up your monsters. Just try something for me. Just once. Try telling your players you’re testing up something new for this adventure. Even run it as a one-shot if you like. Tell them you’re creating a really tough adventure with a really smart villain and they’ll more than likely lose and not to feel bad about that. Watch how they instantly become that much more interested in the game. Watch how they try their darndest to beat your so called ‘tough adventure they probably won’t win’.
And why shouldn’t they? You’ve offered them a challenge. Take on this adventure if you dare. What great hero or worthy player could refuse such a challenge? And I’d be willing to bet you they’re going to take their mission (proving you wrong) that much more seriously than a throw-away game.
Traps
Clever GMs know that monsters aren’t the only thing that can present a challenge to a stalwart bunch of heroes. Traps: hidden mechanical machines of death or any other manner of ‘oops you’re dead’ software have been the bane of heroes since the dawn of role-playing games. I’d advise against the traps that instant-kill people or which no one can possibly detect unless you’re purposely running a very high-risk adventure and you’ve warned the players beforehand.
General use traps, I recommend, tend more to the debilitating and difficult end of things. Use them to lay on more conflict and trouble rather than actually wipe people out. Use traps to kill henchmen, allies, porters, or servants of the PCs, scare them, or injure them. A limping character slows the whole group down, the smell of blood attracts monsters, and fighting on one leg must certainly be a challenge in and of itself.
Even with healing magics and ways to bind a character’s wounds, traps which deliver debilitating poisons, hp damage, and alter the minds of the target are all viable ways to ramp up the tension, fear of the unknown, and make even a simple combat more deadly.
Just think how much tougher a battle with skeletons would be if poisonous gas drifted down from the roof, poisonous darts shot from the walls, and flesh eating slugs sprayed from vents in the floor?
A trap all on its own can even present an interesting challenge a monster cannot. If you trigger a pit trap but can’t get past it, the heroes will have to do something creative to find a way across (and just think what tasty horrors could lie at the bottom of the pit should they choose to climb down).
Good traps can force the players to choose a more difficult route, conceal a secret passage, mess with the party’s minds (literally or figuratively), split the party up, or create a sense of real fear: such as when a pit drops you down a slimy chute, you drop your torch and dumps you far, far, far below the rest of your party in pitch darkness and something(s) deadly and large move towards you. If the trap seals by magic behind the unfortunate victim only a very foolhardy or trusting (of the GM) player could feel completely at ease. Cut off from the party, without light, monsters approaching, and most likely lost in a dangerous area. Of course things might not even be that bad, perhaps the approaching creatures are friendly dwarves, but the moment of absolute fear of the unknown is priceless (and what you’re aiming for as the GM).
Role-Playing
You may find it odd that I mention role-playing in a role-playing game third rather than at the start. This is for a reason. Any role-playing game requires a certain amount of role-playing from all the players (and GM) to operate successfully (otherwise everyone will always feel something is missing and the game will slowly but surely deteriorate).
The reason I do this is because this is a book about how to mess with your players’ minds. Not how to role-play. If you’re looking for such a book feel free to check out my other book “How to Play a Roleplaying Game and Win”. This section is about how to use role-playing to turn up the heat. How to use role-playing as a challenge (and not mere flavour).
The thing you have to keep in mind about a role-playing challenge is that as soon as the difficulty seems too high the players are more than likely to attempt skill checks. This can be good and bad. You should often include several role-playing challenges which can be solved by a simple diplomacy roll or intimidation check. This makes the players feel that these skills were a good investment in their character, and not a waste of time.
Some role-playing challenges (those mentioned here) however, should be different. A true role-playing challenge cannot be solved merely by the dice (they can, at best, help). The players themselves must role-play (and role-play well) to succeed at such a challenge.
You should keep in mind that not everyone role-plays at the same level. Some people are naturals and others don’t quite have the hang of it. You shouldn’t penalize the slow ones, instead, give them more lines to use and have the NPC’s talk directly with them. Have the king ask the silent thief in the back who he thinks stole the treasury (put him on the spot, but don’t kill him for saying ‘er’). Have the barmaid take a shine to that silent Ranger drinking his beer and only offer her advice (and rumors) to him alone if he can persuade her (by talking, in case you were getting any funny ideas).
Always try to involve ‘all’ the players in any challenge, not just a role-playing one. This advice applies equally well to combats and other kinds of challenges. If a player’s character is merely very bad at fighting this should be no reason at all for you not to include some very important things for that character to do in a fight (like spot the villain’s one weakness, or get a +10 bonus to damage for heroically attempting a feat to kill a massive enemy, etc.).
Never, ever, ever let the game end with the dice. This will surely kill your game. Make it very clear that role-playing will be worth more in your games than combat stats and strength modifiers. A well placed high roll on a die can be a fitting end to an adventure, but much better is the heroic role-playing of a final sword swing (or last words) which accompany such a roll. To have the deed and words have any less effect on the game world than the die roll would, to my mind, be wrong.
In a true role-playing challenge a high die roll will not solve all your problems and a high intelligence stat will not make you the villager’s friend. The heroes will have to make a very real connection with the NPC(s) and actually role-play to the heights most often associated with good movie script directors.
Of course you can’t reasonably expect your players to be better actors than the paid professionals, all you’re really aiming for is a truly phenomenal amount of effort and a little creativity (if you can squeeze it out of them). Make the players work for it. This advice can be applied to other challenges as well.
If a player drops his sword between the two bands of roaring dwarves and elves (at great personal risk, with no guarantee of survival) and delivers a dramatic speech accompanied by a high diplomacy roll. Wouldn’t it be fitting and, indeed, appropriate if such a thing could stop the battle (if not the war) between the two sides?
Don’t overdo it. If the players start laying down their weapons (and speeches) before all their foes (and unintelligent monsters) you’ve probably taken a good thing too far.
You should try to reward good role-playing because it really does enhance the game for all. The player who constantly gives the game 110% and role-plays even the little encounters shouldn’t be regarded as something of a weirdo and mostly ignored. His actions should be encouraged, emulated, and rewarded both with money, xp, in-game information, and the friendship and usefulness of the NPCs he makes a particularly good impression on.
Shopping around for a magical sword and role-playing haggling the price out with the wizard who enchanted the blade is certainly more fun and interesting than simply marking off a few gold and writing +6 fire sword. I think it deserves a slight knock off the price at least, and maybe even a few rumors or an extra minor property or two thrown in, don’t you? “Aye, this sword has something written on the side I could never figure out. It’s been there ever since the forging of the blade. I can’t remember putting it there. Maybe you can figure it out?”
Obstacles
Locked doors, large boulders blocking the pass, avalanches, snow storms, icy hallways, randomly teleporting chess board rooms, and descending ceilings. Obstacles take many forms.
The difference between an obstacle and a trap (usually) is that an obstacle wasn’t designed to kill you. It just works out that way.
Cave-ins, gas pockets, rivers that need fording, mountains and sheer cliffs to climb, sigils which must be deciphered to pass: all are obstacles.
Most games use skills to solve obstacles, but there’s another way and that’s with your brain. When the characters fail their skill checks that’s when you can offer them a chance to escape but only if they come up with something brilliant (and, naturally, creative and never used before).
Rescuing fellow party members from drowning, holding your breath for 5 minutes, huddling together for warmth on the verge of freezing, tying each other to zip lines (you can help, but if too many of you fall you all fall), or taking a swing on a rope only barely attached over a sea of lava are all examples of heroic and creative ways to beat static obstacles.
You may find that things only get interesting when things get bad for the players. No one needs to fear (or break a sweat) when the party all swims easily across the lake. But when one character fails his roll and sinks and another must risk his life to save his friend (or water monsters drag him down) things get interesting. It’s a good idea to make it clear to the players that their character doesn’t die by failing a roll; just that a new solution (preferably without dice) must be reached to save the character.
Getting lost in the woods, almost starving to death, and barely living off the lands by your wits alone has made countless great best-sellers and classics. It’s a fairly good bet it could do the same in your game. A really well-played adventure of survival in a truly harsh environment (with a few monsters thrown in for flavour) can make a great adventure in and of itself.
Any player can say his first level warrior killed an orc, but how many can say he survived 3 weeks without any provisions or equipment in the nightmare forest of death?
Fear or “The Unexpected”
You now have at your disposal the basic figures of almost all fantasy stories and adventure games (and possibly those of sci-fi as well). There are, of course, countless twists and variations on the challenges and I’ll try to get to some of the more important ones later. But for now I’d like to discuss fear. Fear is good. The unexpected is what creates fear (often) and also intrigue and excitement.
The original excitement you felt playing a role-playing game was probably a combination of the unknown (fear) and the unexpected (fun). You had absolutely no clue what you were doing, why these fierce monsters were trying to kill you, why you were far below ground with no hint of help from the outside world, or what exactly that snuffling noise beyond the next door was.
Reacting as any human would you were completely ramped up. You were ready to run, fight, or otherwise go crazy on whatever appeared. This was probably also a lot of fun.
As you kept playing the game, and everything became more familiar you learned to become a much better player but at the same time the element of fear and the unknown slowly disappeared.
The deep dark place which seemed so scary underground? A dungeon: easy. The fierce monsters you were so afraid of? Low hp goblins: not a real challenge. The snuffling noise beyond the door? Who cares? The choice between one corridor and another or one door and another is just about random, why bother to figure it out?
A good GM can help the players get back in touch with that original sense of fear and the thrill of the unknown and unexpected. It’s a combination of varying up your approach, creating new things, and leaving just enough doubt in the players’ minds that they start to wonder if they really know your game that well after all.
What if the monsters really were fierce and dangerous? What if the deep dark place underground really was cut off from the rest of the world and a place of fear and unknown perils? Rock slides, lightless pits: one need only visit a real cave for inspiration. Being alone in the dark with no way of escape and no idea where you are (and something looking for you) could drive just about anyone crazy with unthinking fear. And the doors? Try to make the choice actually matter. Allow the characters’ lives to depend on their choice of which route to take (and the signs on each route) from time to time. If they can hear a hungry creature beyond the door and pacify it with food (instead of their bodies) they’ve just saved their lives rather than made a random choice (to open the door).
Always be sure to give the players at least enough information to go on. The choice between two doors or two corridors is meaningless and vague. But the choice to go through the door marked with a skull from which screams echo and the door marked ‘exit and free beer’ is very real, if a bit trite.
The character who walks down the corridor from which the ghostly form of his long-dead mother beckons is very different from the fellow who races down the passage lined with obvious traps for a small bag of gold at the end.
How to be Unexpected
This may seem like a very easy question to answer. But it’s very easy to overlook this simple method to make your games better. Watch yourself as you play the game. Is there something you always do, like put at least 1 trap before every treasure or have every monster be an unreasoning, unthinking, killing machine?
Take note of your own tags and use them against the players. Have monsters hold key information about the adventure and if they’re not talked with (instead of slain) that information is lost. Have enemies team up with the characters for a short alliance until a greater foe can be defeated. Place an unguarded treasure before the characters and watch them become scared when they can’t find the trap. Place the trap down a random corridor to the monster’s lair instead guarding its food rather than its treasure.
You can have some NPCs join the party, some of them will be helpful, others annoying, some may betray the party. Don’t have them betraying the party too often, however, as this can become annoying.
Give standard monsters new and unexpected powers such as goblins equipped with high-powered magical grenades, guards with swords that discharge lightning bolts only once on a hit, or traps which can only be bypassed by falling into them (with no damage).
Be unexpected, generate fear. The players will hate you and love you for it.
Puzzles Riddles and Mind Games
This category of challenge is often best served sparingly. A mind game doesn’t challenge the character’s abilities (usually) but rather the players’ own skill at problem solving. You can find (and create) any number of viable mind games in an RPG adventure. Some of the most common mind game challenges are listed below. Also keep in mind that some characters will use high intelligence checks to foil your riddles and puzzles. You can allow this to happen sometimes but a true mind game challenge shouldn’t be solved by a roll of the dice, allow such dice rolls only to grant clues to success if you feel it’s appropriate, but don’t stifle the players by never letting them use high intelligence either.
Puzzles
From fitting oddly shaped blocks into slots, to maneuvering a brick across a room without making any backwards moves or getting stuck puzzles often involve spatial relations skills, planning, and sometimes a time limit with a bad result (usually a trap) if the puzzle is not figured out and completed in the allotted time. To make a puzzle even more challenging have some pieces be missing, the rules of the puzzle be unknown, or allow the players to forge their own puzzle pieces to complete the task at hand.
Riddles
The ancient word game of riddles has been used by humanity, fiction writers, and GMs for ages. Most players quite enjoy the occasional riddle provided it is challenging enough (and they can answer). You can make up your own twisted riddles or find plenty all over the internet or in books.
One tactic is to allow multiple successful answers to a riddle. If you plan only one key phrase to solve the riddle and open the impenetrable door, and the players can’t find it then you (and they) are stuck. The adventure grinds to a painful and awkward halt. If you allow similar answers, or ones which make equal sense to yours (or more) the players will feel rewarded for coming up with such an innovative solution and you’ll learn how your players think which is always a good thing. You don’t always have to modify the answer to a riddle, of course, but it is something to keep in mind once in a while. Try it and see.
Math and Deduction Problems
From crosswords, to Sudoku, to simple (or complex) math or deduction problems this kind of problem revolves around numbers for finding patterns in words or objects. A door’s inscription might say: recover the four elements and put them in order to achieve success. The room beyond is full of all manner of objects, but at it’s heart is a gold embroidered dictionary with the names of the four elements written in bold and four more pedestals leading to the next door (unbreakable and locked). If the players read the dictionary and find the words of the elements they’ll find the order to use is: air, earth, fire, and water. I’m sure you can come up with something much better yourself.
Guts Problems
Some puzzles are purely ludicrous and more a test of will and daring than any sort of brains. A wall of fire which destroys anything thrown in with a potion marked poison before it presents an impossible obstacle. Such a confrontation could be a simple test of will against the intruders. If they’re brave enough to risk drinking the poison or running through the flame they emerge unscathed on the other side. Of course to make such problems even more troublesome you could have the fire be very real and the poison be very lethal. The PCs will have to find the secret door to gain entrance or another similar way to bypass this obstacle. Remember, no one ever said every obstacle must have a solution (or even be achievable!).
Misfortune
I mention this category of obstacles so far down the list because it isn’t really a form of conflict (usually). Misfortune is bad stuff happening to you for no good reason. You’re more than familiar with misfortune in real life. The girl dumps you for no apparent reason, your car breaks down, the airport is snowed in and your flight is delayed. In our world sometimes bad things just happen and there’s not a whole lot you can do about it (except take it on the chin and make the best of it).
I recommend your game be better than life. You want the heroes of your stories to struggle heroically against great odds, but you want them to struggle. Having a lightning bolt shoot down and kill a PC, thieves steal all of the characters money without a roll, or randomly saying all the characters wake up one day to find they’ve been ravaged by a debilitating disease are all forms of misfortune against which they have no ready defense.
Whenever the GM forces anything on the players, including adventures, they end up feeling powerless and cheated. This is always a bad thing. When you feel up to it I recommend asking the players what they want to do for the next adventure and planning for that. Or, better yet, let them decide during the game where to go and who to see and fight. An adventure where the characters wander around the city, stop a bank robbery, and then hunt down the thieves guild below the city is both fun to play as the GM and rewarding to the players. It gives your world a very real feel. They begin to feel their fates aren’t preplanned (by the GM) and they have a very real and true control over their destiny.
To prevent the game from becoming completely random and unpredictable, always have a few key events in mind for the adventure, or at least let events play out in such a way that the next adventures can evolve naturally from the first. If attacking the thieves guild results in a giant demon scorpion being unleashed upon the city above only a very jaded player would decide to wander off into the bush instead of tracking down and defeating the scorpion (but how they take on the beast is an entirely different matter, don’t expect them to just walk up to it and start slugging away when they could lay ambushes, set traps, or do something else totally unexpected).
Back to misfortune, I don’t recommend you ignore it completely. I just recommend you don’t use it as your bread and butter. Randomly having bad stuff happen for no reason with no way to respond against it is no fun for anyone (or perhaps just the GM) but using such things to compliment the real conflict in your adventure is a fine strategy.
If your party of warriors and space frigate captains is feeling pretty plucky and invincible at the moment why not have the reactors on the ship go critical? Why not have the crew fall under a nefarious disease no one’s ever heard of before? Why not let their enemies curse them with voodoo?
The point is not to kill your players outright with no way to stop this from happening, but have misfortune make the characters sweat. A warrior who’s poisoned, picks up a cursed magic sword, and then trips and breaks his ankle is going to have a much harder time fighting monsters (the real conflict) than a warrior at full hp with no mental or physical problems to speak of fighting the same monsters.
Be careful when using misfortune, and use it sparingly. Having all your gold stolen repeatedly by thieves is both contrived and annoying. Breaking your leg every time you fall into a pit trap is equally unlikely, and being poisoned, diseased, and cursed by practically everything you run into (with no way to safe guard against it) is both annoying, tiresome, and trite.
In short: used sparingly misfortune can be a good thing to compliment the real conflict in an adventure. Just don’t overdo it.
Romance
An aspect of role-playing, romance deserves special attention in a section all its own. Most players don’t like role-playing romances in great detail, but if you can find a way to work them in naturally (and if the players don’t mind) both friendships with NPCs and romances with the same can add a whole new dimension to the game. Not only does this allow you to create a more real game world and feed in adventure hooks through the significant other NPCs, it also gives the players a better chance to role-play and helps define their characters (even if you never have the husband/wife show up in another adventure).
Be careful about this sort of thing. Romance, even fictional romance, is not something which can be planned into an adventure or forced on the PCs and nor should it be.
Simply keep in mind the chance that the PCs could fall in love with any NPC in the game world and they could build up a relationship which can be both hilarious, rewarding in role-playing terms and give the characters more depth.
Given the opportunity you might find the party warrior marrying the evil wizard of the adventures, the party elf marrying a witch in a swamp, and the party’s thief attempting to romance a beautiful shape-changing frost giant who’s clan obviously doesn’t approve of the giantess marrying a puny thieving Halfling.
Never make romance a burden, an obligation, or a requirement in your game. If the PCs find a nice quiet NPC and marry them and then never want to role-play any scenes with their wife/husband and just get on with the adventures, then that’s perfectly fine. Rest assured they’ll feel more at home in the game world you’ve created and have added more depth to their character simply by the fact they’re married.
Also try not to have bad guys use the friends and wives of the characters too often as an adventure hook. The players will soon see any relationships with NPCs as more of a liability than a benefit and that’s always a bad thing. The occasional adventure where an acquaintance is put in danger is fine. But if the start of every adventure is the PCs wives being carried off by dragons, you probably have some work to do.
Dungeons
Dungeons aren’t an obstacle in and off themselves (although sometimes they certainly are) but they present an ideal adventuring environment. There are walls restricting movement and choices. Doors to block vision and separate encounters into ‘rooms’, it’s dark and scary, and there’s room for all manner of problems cut off from the outside world: lack of air, floods, cave ins, becoming trapped, running out of food and water, lack of light, separation, becoming lost in a maze, and who knows what else.
The dungeon is a fearsome place to behold. Or so it should be.
The problem is most GMs have become all too comfortable in using dungeons as their bread and butter (like monsters) and the two of them go hand in hand. When something becomes comfortable and second nature it becomes predictable. And when’s the last time anyone was scared of something predictable?
If you drive into an unknown city during rush hour for the first time it can be a harrowing experience. But the tenth time? The hundredth? Chances are by the 50th time you’ll be honking at the other slower drivers to hurry up, stuck in a traffic jam, and very annoyed.
You don’t want this to happen in your game. If your players start to get bored and passive when in a dungeon and even ‘honk their horns’ at you to get you to speed up the game and get to the ‘good bit’ you’ve got a serious problem.
My recommendation is that same as that for monsters. Ease back on the dungeons. If you look at the best books in fantasy literature the actual time spent below ground is puny compared to that spent wandering around above ground, talking with NPCs, and meandering about villages and rugged terrain.
I’m not saying you shouldn’t use dungeons at all. Just use dungeons as the icing on the cake. Use them how they were meant to be used. As the darkest, scariest, and most dangerous parts in your game world and stories. You want the players to quiver in fear when they gaze into a dungeon and feel they should turn back, but they must press on because of: obligation, wealth, saving a friend or innocents, hunting down monsters, or whatever. 
Here there be monsters. When the players hear those words or feel them in their bones (upon gazing into the black depths of a dungeon) you want them to get scared, not laugh and pull out their magical weapons chuckling about xp and loot.
You want them so scared they would willingly give up their xp and loot just to keep from going into the dungeon. That, my friends, is a real dungeon.
I realize it will be hard to achieve this kind of tension with all dungeons, or even at all as you transition your games to make dungeons more fearsome. If you want a dungeon in every adventure and you don’t care if it’s quite as scary as it could be, that’s fine, it’s a reasonable choice and you may enjoy yourself.
I myself try to include at least one dungeon (or castle, basement, or whatever) in every adventure but I always try to include it at the end of the adventure. This is to follow the grand literary tradition of escalating conflict.
The heroes find out about the adventure, they hike over some rugged terrain into impassable swamps and malign forests, maybe they fight some monsters. They take on some foes, meet a few NPCs in castles and towns and soon learn that the mastermind behind the problem is hiding in the volcano.
Finally they reach the entry to the volcanic chambers and the end of the adventure. I like to use the dungeon very much like the final encounter in an epic climax between good and evil. Everything leads up to this, the challenge becomes greater and greater until the players are faced with the ultimate challenge of the whole adventure: the dungeon. (In the adventure in question the final battle was actually after the dungeon in the castle of the fire prince, but that’s just because I never like to be predictable).
Even if they all die shortly after walking inside they can feel a sense of accomplishment about making it this far, they’ve traveled miles, bested monsters, confronted NPCs and actually made it to the heart of their foes: the hidden and malignant dungeon. And if they actually survive and triumph, so much the better.
The dungeon maintains its reputation of fear and danger and the players aren’t spoiled by getting them all the time constantly on a regular basis.
This is not to say I hate dungeon adventures. I love them. I once created an entire campaign that was just one huge dungeon. The players were trapped inside and had to reach the very bottom to find a way out (despite gravity: you have to love magic in RPGs).
The reason I feel this worked is because the dungeon I created (the dungeon of Eternity) was always dangerous. Death lurked around every corner and in every passage. All manner of malignant foes waited just around the bend the players were very much aware that one false move, one false step or turn could result in instant death at a moments notice. Luckily my players were up for such an adventure (and I don’t recommend it for campaign play if you want all the heroes to survive).
Even when terrible curses and traps fell upon the party and they were wiped out by prowling monsters instead of being discouraged and angry they were eager to roll up new characters and take on the challenge of the dungeon again. This I think is the ideal mindset for dungeon exploration.
Of course in a regular campaign you don’t want the characters facing instant death in any adventure with a dungeon in it. I recommend you don’t do so but instead just make the dungeon the most dangerous aspect of the adventure in relation to everything else.
When the start of the adventure is in a moderately dangerous village, the second part is in a more dangerous forest, and the last part is in a highly dangerous dungeon; you’ve preserved the majesty fear and presence of dungeon adventuring even if there is only a very small chance of anyone dying (if at all).
You don’t want the players laughing at your challenges in any regards. But even if they do laugh at them, you want them laughing least of all at the dungeons. Some games have next to no element of danger and some people are good with that. After all, the best way to build up a good story is if the heroes survive to adventure again. And sometimes that’s a good thing. Just remember, just a hint of danger goes a long, long way…especially in a dungeon.
Taking it Easy
You may have been getting the mistaken impression that I think you should be throwing danger at your players from all directions constantly. Something like a horror movie filled with killer zombies. The main characters have no chance to think or do anything except for run, shoot zombies, run more, shoot zombies more, and maybe die.
Danger and challenge are good but not constant danger and challenge. In most good fiction you have what are called ‘highs and lows’ or ‘peaks and valleys’. These are literary terms for the quiet reflective parts of movies and the high points of intense action and shoot ‘em up often associated with James Bond films.
Looking closely, however, at any good book or film (even the famously action-packed Bond films) will quickly show that they’re not all fighting and high action. Interspersed almost like an alternating current among the action scenes are scenes of downtime and reflection.
The hero fights and struggles, then spends 5 chapters talking with his mentor and training, the hero fights dramatically for his life for two pages, and then feels depressed and mopes for 5 more chapters. You get the idea.
Because you want a lot of action in your games (presumably) most times you’ll have a high ratio of action to downtime probably 50% or more, but this can easily change and that’s not necessarily a bad thing. Some of the best adventures I can remember involved about 99% exploration and maybe 1% actual combat if any at all. The rest of the game was spent role-playing, forgetting we had dice, and immersing ourselves in a fantastic universe of magic, high adventure, and thrilling environmental and navigation challenge.
This is a fine way to run a game and a mark of the master storyteller and GM. Anyone can run a fun game involving bashing a lot of orcs and demons, but how many people can keep a group entertained without ever rolling a die? As you can imagine it’s a very hard feat indeed but if you practice long and hard enough you may just one day strike that magical moment when no one remembers to roll a die and they all had so much fun they don’t even complain about it.
Don’t try to force such an adventure on the PCs. The dice are the PCs way of controlling their fate, and this is a game, not a novel. If you go all literary on them and they seem eager to get into the ‘action’ let them find some monsters to fight or whatever. Your foremost job as GM is to keep your players happy and entertained (and maybe just a little frightened half the time). Allow a diceless game to evolve naturally out of gameplay only when it really does evolve that way: naturally.
Downtime
After a tense scene of action, danger, and/or combat it’s usually a good idea to let the players have some downtime. They need this time to make new plans, rest, use healing abilities, maybe role-play a bit, and collect their wits while searching the room or questioning NPCs. This is good for your action scenes as well. If the game is nothing but blood and thunder it will quickly become dull even if it all is highly dangerous.
If your band of heroes walks into the average pub or peasant’s cottage with swords drawn and spells at the ready you’ve probably taken the danger element a bit too far. See the section on being unpredictable and unexpected above.
When the PCs are expecting a battle throw a random role-playing scene in with no danger or significant threats. If the PCs are expecting no danger whatsoever in any village or bar they enter you might want to (on occasion) throw in a monster attack or rioting mob within the city or village itself. Be careful not to overdo this or your villages will start to be treated like dungeons (and rightly so) because everyone is always trying to kill the PCs for some reason or another.
It’s probably a good idea to let the PCs have a ‘homebase’ of some kind where they can put up their feet in relative safety. Whether it’s a favourite pub, village, the king’s castle, or a fortress of their own; everyone needs somewhere to feel safe and secure on occasion. A place to meet with NPCs, concoct plans, lie low for a while, and generally relax.
Of course you can have such a sanctuary attacked at some point, but this should happen maybe once in the entire campaign (if at all). You don’t want them to walk into their homes with swords drawn expecting an attack even when they walk into their secret underground fortress.
List of Challenges
Now you’ve got a general idea of how to concoct adventures, GM, create fear and the element of the unknown and danger, and a thorough understanding of many basic kinds of challenges; I’d like to present to you a list of challenges which can be used in any fantasy role-playing game you desire. These challenges don’t have statistics like you’d find in a book full of monsters for many a game system, but instead are filled with ideas to get you started making up your own challenges (which are always the best) and give you something to throw in last minute when you need just one more challenge for your adventure but you can’t think of anything.
Using other peoples’ ideas is just one more way to be unexpected. And being new and unexpected are always good things when you’re the GM. If your players can predict your style with such clarity that no challenge or foe can threaten them, it’s often a good idea to throw a twist or monkey wrench into your plans or theirs and watch them squirm with new fear as they have no idea what’s happening now.
Other Sources
This book is by far not the only place you can find new ideas. I’d recommend watching good movies, reading good books, and checking out other books on game mastering for advice and ideas you can use. Books and movies are simply packed chalk full of stuff you can heist and use in your adventures with only minor tweaks. Don’t just watch movies in your own game’s genre either. There’s plenty of stuff in Star Wars which can just as easily be used in a fantasy game as in a sci-fi campaign.
Little known movies and books often work better, but if you put a new spin on the idea you can even use the stuff from popular and famous works.
Vampires Werewolves and Lichs
All of these undead have something in common: they cannot be easily killed and they strike fear into the hearts of mortals. Using monsters with only one way to be killed or who are vulnerable only to specific weapons and tactics is a good way to ramp up the challenge in any game (so long as they’re not invincible).
You’ll be surprised how quickly your players react and come up with defenses and weapons against such creatures at the first hint they’re around. Mention the word ‘vampires’ in most role-playing games and the players will all instantly be carrying ten wooden stakes apiece, holy water, holy symbols, and more garlic than the average grocery store.
It’s still a good idea to use such creatures as foes or role-playing adversaries because even a well armed adventurer with all the right tools for the job has to hit the creature in the heart (usually) and the undead are famous for coming back to life even when killed.
Don’t be surprised if your players start burning the bodies of troublesome dead foes and scattering the ashes to the four corners of the globe.
A favourite tactic of most GMs is to throw such creatures in unexpectedly but not have them kill the party. The fact that a vampire or werewolf’s bite will also turn you into a vampire or werewolf also adds dramatically to the tension of the game (and if it happens, presents a lot of role-playing opportunity). Don’t kill off the party. Let them reel from the blow and then come up with a tactic to defeat the monsters and save their friends before the next full moon (or the sun goes down).
Having “Bob” disappear and nightfall and a strange howl split the evening is bound to set even the most toughened characters and players on edge. Don’t expect them to let this happen though. They’ll most likely tie themselves to a tree with chains rather than let one of their own escape. But this presents an interesting conundrum when the rest of the werewolves show up before they’re ready to take them on and they might have to leave their buddy behind because he’s chained to a tree. A crafty GM can have no ends of fun with such situations.
Zombies Skeletons and other Undead
Less fearsome than the greater undead: zombies are still a favourite of some GMs. To make them more formidable simply have them come back to ‘life’ when killed and watch the tension sky rocket as the PCs find a way to permanently ‘kill’ their foes or escape.
Ghosts and other immaterial beings can also be a pain to deal with because they can fly, turn invisible, and generally walk through walls. Such creatures are most often only harmed by magic as well.
Undead bursting up from below the ground in a graveyard is a bit of a cliché. But it’s a classic for a reason. 
Another advantage of using undead as a foe is that the PCs need not have any qualms about killing them because they’re already dead. They also don’t sleep, don’t eat (usually), and don’t need rest or oxygen making them ideal foes to combine with poison traps or place underwater or in other inhospitable environments where the PCs aren’t expecting attack.
Imagine a load of PCs on a space hulk with no atmosphere, moving slowly and cumbersomely around in giant bio suits only to discover someone’s released the docking hatch on their own ship and a load of dead aliens are trying to rip off their oxygen masks.
Don’t take this kind of thing too far or your players are liable to become a bit twitchy when the sun goes down in the game world.
Constructs Animated Objects and Golems
Closely related to the undead, but not nearly as gross, are what I like to call constructs. Constructs can be anything from robots, to animated tables, to stone statues which attack people, or golems made of rock.
They share many of the immunities and challenges of the undead. How do you kill something which isn’t dead? Is your sword or arrow really going to hurt a guy made from stone?
These creatures don’t need food, oxygen, or rest, and they live forever. It’s also very hard to spot an animated statue amongst real ones until it springs to life and attacks you.
Try to keep in mind that there’s probably some reason these things are here. Stone statues which leap up and kill people don’t just grow on trees. Whoever built them must have had a purpose and even if that purpose has been lost to time the construct should still be ‘following orders’. This could be to kill anyone who steals a treasure or enters a room without permission, to test the characters for those ‘unworthy’, or simply to be a charming dinner guest for anyone arriving.
Imagine the PCs reaction when the stone golem introduces himself as ‘the butler’ and asks if they want any tea. Of course the tea kettle zooms over and the table hops up and has a huge argument with the kettle about it pouring burning liquid on the table’s edges which are now rotting.
To come up with your own ‘construct’ challenges just imagine anything you want coming to life and attacking (or talking with) the PCs. How does the dungeon wall feel about the PCs? What are a load of ancient cups going to do about the PCs chucking them all to the floor in search of treasure? What’s a statue’s perspective on life?
Cursed Treasures
Not every magical item the players find need be helpful. If you look in most role-playing books you’ll find them full of helpful magical items which boost the characters stats and combat capabilities. The reason for this is obvious: no player wants a ‘bad’ magic item.
This doesn’t mean such things can’t exist, and really, you can have a lot of fun with the players if they think all magical items are beneficial. You can have a potion shrink a character to the size of an ant, a magical sword be helpful yes, but also with the personality of a drunk Scottish dwarf, magical gloves which force you to steal anything valuable you can see can certainly cause a load of problems (and amusement).
Keep in mind not all magical items should be cursed or weird. The majority can be helpful but when you never give the characters any magic item exactly from the book they’re far more likely to experiment with their items to find out exactly just what they do. This is a good thing.
Even just adding flavour to an item without actually changing its stats can be very helpful. A magical sword carved with ancient elven sigils, forged to kill the great orc king “Zorgak” and whose blade sports green fire which blazes with the elves intensity of hatred for the orcs is far more interesting than a +1 fire sword.
Also try not to make cursed items permanent. A necklace which reverses a character’s gender is fun for a while (and scaring the player out of his mind) but you should allow it to be destroyed somehow.
A magic sword that makes the owner speak like a hungry Halfling in battle is fun for the first two or three battles but after that it just becomes a pain. At the very most it should take an adventure or two to get rid of an item. If it’s of minor interest or of no real entertainment value you can allow it to be destroyed soon after being found, sold, or removed with a simple spell by a helpful NPC.
Betrayal and Intrigue
If a character in the group (NPC) betrays the party it adds a whole new angle to the story. As does the fact that the king is really working for the monsters. A crafty GM can have no end of fun creating shades of gray amongst characters. When fighting orcs in a dungeon the choices are easy, but when trying to root out the spy in the court of thousands the questions and choices become much tougher.
Clues, talking, hints, NPCs, negotiations, spying, and following up on strange leads are the order of the day. Just make sure the players can’t spoil the entire adventure with something simple like a scrying spell, detect evil, or detect lies power.
If you play it right this kind of ‘who’s the bad guy?’ adventure can be really fun. This is why people read mystery books and watch police shows.
Shape Change and Mind Control
If you add an intelligent creature into the game who would rather take different shapes and work ‘behind the scenes’ rather than confront and try to kill the heroes you can cause no end of confusion (unless they cast a simple detect magic or similar).
Dual personalities, people being replaced, good men being telepathically controlled from afar, and meeting the same person twice in different places at the same time can all drive players crazy and mess with their minds.
Moral Dilemmas and “Unwinnable Situations”
Sometimes there is no clear route to victory. What happens when two good guys have it in for each other and the PCs are caught in-between? What happens when a villain is really working for the greater good and the PCs just killed him? What do you do if the only way to stop the evil parasite is to kill the innocent woman?
I don’t recommend situations like the last because I like heroic games and not darker themes or ‘unwinnable situations’. There should always be a way to ‘do the right thing’ even if that involves sacrificing your character in one last act of heroism.
Lost causes and unwinnable battles have a way of bringing out the best in people (and the best role-playing from the characters) you might even be surprised when they come up with a solution to an ‘unwinnable’ problem or a way to defeat an ‘unbeatable’ monster you hadn’t thought of. Don’t stomp on their idea, this is what you wanted them to do in the first place: be creative. Let them succeed and triumph against all odds, this is what the game is all about.
Humanoid Monsters
Goblins, Orcs, Trolls, Ogres, Giants and what have you. All pretty much human in shape, all pretty much nasty and mean. These kinds of creature are easy to use and play in your games. They’re large, nasty, hairy, evil, and they’re hungry. The players can talk with them, of course, but they’re not likely to tell the truth or be too friendly to outsiders.
Unfortunately most humanoid monsters soon become routine to players who learn to ‘shoot first and ask questions later’. You should consider having some of these monsters have a ‘change of heart’ or team up with the players to fight a greater threat. They don’t really like the PCs but they explain that without their help neither of them can stop this new foe encroaching on both of their territories.
To make these monsters a more interesting challenge consider having them use tactics, attack en masse, use ranged weapons, give them character levels so they fight like warriors and wizards, allow them to attack or defend in combination with deadly traps they’ve built, or give them some kinds of upgraded weapons or stats.
A small band of goblins isn’t liable to be much of a challenge to anyone. But a small band of 9th level thief goblins who all have magical flame grenades, poison arrows, and cloaks of invisibility are bound to be just a bit more of a challenge (although this may be overdoing it a bit, I’m sure you get the idea).
Dragons
Dragons hold a special place in adventure role-playing games and the psyches of humans alike. Everyone knows the famous tales of knights going off to slay dragons and the creatures are apparent in the mythology of several ancient peoples.
There’s something frightening about a 20 ton flying lizard who can breath fire with iron hard scales and eyes which can pierce any illusion or invisibility. No one’s sure quite what it is, but it’s there.
Dragons can easily be overdone. I like to keep them as the most dangerous of all foes in just about any game I run (except for sci-fi or in the case of a villain in the story).
One trick to use is to have different varieties or ages of dragons. Small green dragons might be mindless and a challenge to a low level party of adventurers. But ancient red dragons with huge intellects and vast treasure hoards (upon which they sleep) could be a challenge for only the mightiest of heroes. This way you can use dragons whenever you want but keep the mightiest of dragons reputation intact.
To build up the majesty and danger of dragons even more you can have a great dragon fly by periodically while the heroes are on other adventures. It never notices them and never reveals its cave or whereabouts but the players from a very early time in their careers witness the power and fear a dragon can instill. If they hide every time it passes to avoid detection, so much the better.
This can be done with any sort of foe you like, but it’s always a good idea to mention beforehand which monsters the players shouldn’t be going after until they’re higher level or it’s a quite likely possibility your heroes will quit their current adventure and go off to hunt a dragon.
Thieves
Thieves bandits and cut throats (not to mention pirates) can be an interesting addition to any game if played well. Players are used to fighting monsters, but what about other humans? Mercenaries, guards, evil human empires, dark wizards, and villains can all be humans or other ‘normal’ people.
Thieves and other humans aren’t likely to be quite as much of a danger as monsters, for one thing you can negotiate with them, for another ‘heroes’ are most likely tougher than the average band of thieves.
They can be used as untrusted allies, nuisances, distractions, robbers, to attack a caravan the PCs are supposed to be guarding, to steal something which should have never been stolen (and must be returned) or as the only ‘good guys’ in a dark and tyrannical kingdom the PCs must fight against. Think Robin Hood but don’t take it too far. If you have the Sheriff of Knotingham walk in on the PCs while they’re dining with Little John, Robin Hood, and his Merry Men you’ve probably taken this idea just a wee bit too far.
Other Cultures
Most fantasy RPGs are set in the middle ages with magic and knights, dragons, and fair princesses. This is fine, but there’s nothing stopping you from adding in samurai, ninjas, and desert sheikhs into your adventures.
When the characters can explore a world filled with desert nomads, Inuit mammoth hunters, jungle cannibals, oriental dynasties, and Norsemen raiding parties, don’t you have a far more interesting game on your hands? What’s to stop you from creating your own cultures and accompanying environments, ways of life, creatures, and combat? Only your imagination.
Wilderness Adventures and Alternate Worlds
Okay, say you’ve decided to cut down on your dungeons a little bit. Now what? You have many, many options. One of them is wilderness locations: forests, swamps, jungles, icy mountains, burning deserts, the bottom of the ocean, sailing across the sea. Each one of these ideas could be developed into a full adventure with its own challenges and ideas. If you’re having trouble imagining something like this just look into: Robinson Crusoe, Tarzan of the Apes, 20,000 leagues under the sea, or what have you. They’re bound to give you plenty of ideas for wilderness adventures.
And crossing a wilderness doesn’t mean you can’t have a dungeon, monsters, or NPCs. Villages, castles, star ships, new worlds, alternate dimensions, time travel, and being stuck at a subatomic size inside the body of an orc are all at your disposal, and more.
Consider having adventures in the clouds, the sky, the stars, other worlds, the center of the earth, and magical realms of eternal fire or darkness. Anything you can make up.
Another advantage of making up an alternate world of some kind the players can visit is that you can create the laws of the physical universe there. Who says you can’t travel in any direction by mental thought with no gravity? Who says you can’t have time travel more slowly relative to ‘earth’, who says you can’t have no sun but the dimension be lit by the thoughts of the beings traversing it? You can make up whatever you want. Perhaps death doesn’t exist in this world. But then what happens when you die there?
Does the character’s body migrate to this world, or remain behind and vulnerable like in the Matrix?
The Basics
With all the dice rolling, crazy magic, and weird rules running around in most RPGs it’s little wonder that many GMs and players start to forget the basics of the game and the effects of reality. It’s easy to say you get 9 points damage and leave it at that.
If you think anything in the game through just a little bit farther all sorts of interesting things start to crop up. What if 9 points damage also strikes a spinal cord and paralyzes the character unless he receives immediate aide? What if drowning can only be stopped if someone pumps the water out of the lungs and gives the guy mouth-to-mouth? 
What if bleeding will kill the character unless the wound can be staunched. And you’d better hope the bandages are clean lest the wound becomes infected. Magic can spoil a lot of this kind of role-playing but sometimes spells are scarce and the more ‘mundane’ forms of healing are used and attempted.
Try to keep the following basics in mind when designing adventure: Food, Fatigue, Physical Injury, Oxygen, Water, Psychological well being, Sleep deprivation, Fear, Light (and lack thereof), Getting lost/navigation, and supplies/bodily functions.
Any one of these can be a lead in to more tension and drama. Having the right supplies for an adventure can mean the difference between life and death (or role-playing and powergaming). Rope to cross chasms, torches to light your way, food and water to stay alive, the right clothing to survive in an desert or the arctic, enough pack mules to carry your gear and not collapse from fatigue, the limits of the human body before it needs rest (and who’s on guard while they’re sleeping?), and the right first-aid supplies to treat injuries can all be highly effective and helpful, but no one can carry everything that might be needed on an adventure. And when something is missing that’s when the role-playing starts.
Imagine a burning desert which will kill anyone who doesn’t drop all but the barest essentials and then a challenge involving lighting a fire in that desert without any fire starting gear (which was dropped to lighten the load). What was once a simple task is now a deadly battle of creativity for life and death.
This is the reason shows like Survivor and books like Tarzan and Robinson Crusoe were so popular. But in the adventure such challenges can be very real and very dangerous.
Without food, water, or oxygen the human body can die very quickly and if one thinks about it we are actually a very fragile form of life which depends on many, many things for our survival. Take any one of these key ingredients away and we perish very quickly. (Or, in the case of an adventure game, are forced to improvise and be very creative to survive).
You’re aim is not to kill people off, but to demonstrate the awesome power of nature, the forces of the elements, and the very real risk of death by a poisonous gas pocket which we often forget when we play an RPG (or in real life, for that matter).
You may be a 75th level warrior with 7,000 hit points but if you’re lost out in the desert without any food or water you can die very, very quickly and your hit points aren’t liable to help you very much. This is another good reason such basic survival obstacles are a good idea on occasion. They put everyone on an almost level playing field. Tough strong characters able to find food and water, track prey, or who are smart enough to find shelter and build fire may have an advantage, but really everyone is at the mercy of a Tornado and there’s very little you can do about it (except heroically grab a basement beam and hope for the best).
Making Use of Character Capabilities
Always read over your players’ character sheets and try to include some obstacles which require the skills, powers, and abilities they’ve picked to overcome. This will most likely result in an easy victory but it’s very important for several reasons. 
The players chose those powers and abilities because they expected to be able to use them. A power you never get to use is a waste. Also the players will feel good about beating the challenge through their ‘brilliant choice of skills’ and they’ll be more involved in the game. They’ll feel they’ve accomplished something significant through personal effort (picking the skill) rather than random chance and the GMs whims. This is always a good thing.
Some Common Traps
Listed below are some of the most oft encountered traps in a fantasy adventure game for your perusal or personal use:
Pits: a hidden door in the floor drops you down, the farther the pit the more damage you take and the harder it is to get out. If you’re feeling nasty put spikes at the bottom of the pit and have it close up again over the character’s head. Perhaps there’s a monster or another trap down here too? Or maybe just a treasure.
Trip Wires: a near invisible line usually at foot level once broken activates another trap, whether an arrow, a poisoned dark, a pit, or a crushing wall. The result is up to the GM. It could even set off an alarm and alert monsters to the PCs presence.
Crushing Walls: This classic is usually caused by stepping onto a well hidden pressure plate in the floor. This causes the walls to jump onto rollers and narrow until the point at which they crush those between or cut off escape (or the way ahead). Variations on this trap include the falling ceiling, the four way crusher (walls slide in behind and in front of the characters) and the descending block which falls at speed towards the target. It is recommend you only use these deadly traps against high level characters as they can easily ‘instant kill’ people. No matter how many hit points you have it’s pretty hard to survive being smucked between two blocks of 20 ton stone.
Poison Darts: a tiny hole in a statue, wall, floor, or ceiling shoots out poison coated darts. To scare the players have the ‘poison darts’ be dried up.
Arrow Trap: similar to the dart trap, either on a crossbow or some other kind of mechanism this trap can be triggered many ways but the result is usually an arrow fired with deadly force at the chest of the intruder. Opening a door, stepping on a weighted section of flooring, or breaking a trip wire can all launch this trap.
Axe Trap: the famous ‘blades swinging around’ is a favourite of Hollywood and action adventure movies. It’s actual practical application is questionable, but you can feel free to use these traps in your game. Once activated it usually requires some kind of acrobatics or dodging skill to get past rather than get cut in half. Adding many rows of swinging axes, lunging spears, or whatever can create a gauntlet of machinery death. But don’t take this too far unless your players are having an easy time of it.
Magic Traps: adding magic to traps increases your options ten fold. A trap can trigger any hostile spell you can think of. Jets of flame or ice, spewing acid, disintegration, reverse gravity onto spikes in the ceiling, and all manner of other options are available to you. Magic traps can also be triggered by sneakier things than mechanical ones like a magical invisible sensor, failing a riddle, or crossing the room without speaking a password or being of a particular species.
Inescapable Traps: so called ‘inescapable’ traps often feature a door which locks behind you, a pit barred above you, or a room sealed by magic. After which point either the room starts to flood, become filled with magma, vent poison gas, or anything else the GM can dream up. Despite the name such traps often have a way to escape, whether busting your way out, holding your breath until it deactivates, a secret passage, or finding a panel with the traps inner-workings to disable it. Quick-sand is also popular.
Teleport Trap: a version of the magic trap, this one can have limitless possibilities attached. Imagine a trap which teleports you into another trap, a band of monsters, teleports your gear one way and you another, teleports you 40,000 feet under the sea (crushing you instantly) into outer space, or to a remote location.
Laser Trap: If you can use lasers and get away with it this might make an interesting (but deadly) trap. The sweeping lasers must be dodged or shut down before they can slice the characters into ribbons.
Collapsing Room: this trap (or event) sets the whole chamber or dungeon on self destruct. Rocks fall from the ceiling and the room starts to fall apart. Whatever needs to be done here needs to be done quickly or the characters will end up buried under 500 tons of rubble.
Rolling Ball of Stone: this is another impractical and highly dangerous trap best used against high level adventurers. Whatever sets off the trap a giant stone ball falls in the passage and rolls at high speed (picking up momentum) towards the characters. They’ll have to think of something sharp to escape. The highly slanted passage is one way to spot this trap coming.
Some Common Monsters
Some of these monsters may not be so much common as ‘interesting’. Always be careful about throwing ‘deadly’ monsters at your party especially in an ongoing campaign as nobody likes to see their favourite character killed, especially for no good reason.
Powerful Beings: whether it’s Zeus, Hades, or a giant Demon from another dimension. Powerful beings from far, far away are a popular opponent both of GMs and their players. Who wouldn’t like to say they outwitted Hades the Lord of the Dead or beat Thor in an arm wrestle? Such powerful beings often have special powers including (but not limited to): summoning weaker foes, mind control of mortals, vast intelligence, immortality (except one thing which can kill them), resistance to all non-magical weapons, teleportation, all magic spells, and extra actions per round. Other special abilities might be unique to the specific creature or person. Zeus for instance can probably toss a pretty mean lightning bolt, and everyone knows about Thor’s legendary hammer.
Medusa Hydra and Other Greek Monsters
The Greek mythological monsters are famous for being very dangerous with only specific ways to be beaten. The medusa turns anyone who sees her to stone. Obviously the players should have a tough time with that one. The hydra sprouts 2 new heads for each chopped off unless it’s severed necks are burned with fire (to throw a change up pitch have fire not work and make it something like acid, magic, or whatever).
Even if you can’t find any more ‘Greek’ monsters to throw at the PCs the lessons learned when creating your own modeled after them are well worth remembering. Consider giving your own monsters powerful and unique attacks like a particular smell which enchants anyone who sniffs it (mind control) or an enemy which gets stronger whenever you stab it (it must be killed by pure magic alone or its one weakness is frost).
If you don’t go overboard, creating monsters like these can be a lot of fun. Just make sure you let the players have access to information which can warn them about such creatures. Most people know about medusas but if you throw your own creation at them it may seem unfairly powerful ‘how were we supposed to know we couldn’t walk towards it?”
Beast Monsters
This catchall category includes anything that has fangs and talons, slobbers and growls, and probably wants to eat you. From the nameless tentecled face sucker, to the slobbering death beast all beasts share a few things in common: they have only low intelligence, they  probably want to eat you, they’re large, and their primary features are natural strength and natural weapons such as: claws, fangs, spines, tails, spikes, and what have you.
Beasts are good to use as enemies because they don’t present many moral qualms (having animal intelligence) and they satisfy the primal yearning of the hunter. You set out to stalk some large carnivorous beast for its flesh and food, it’s dangerous because it’s naturally a lot stronger faster, stealthier, and dangerous than you: but you’re smarter and you have tools and weapons.
Pseudo Humans
Many fictional and mythological monsters share characteristics of humans and animals at the same time: Medusa, Harpy, Centaur, Gryphon, Lizard man, Fish man, Merman, you name it. If you want to create a new creature (or use one from history) look to the part human form creatures for inspiration.
Replicators
Monsters which can multiply whenever they touch water, eat all stone or metal and become much larger (or numerous) and plagues of tiny insects which can’t be fought and eat all in their path are all interesting and challenging foes. Just make sure you include some way to actually beat them even if it’s only: go very far away and wait for them to go dormant once again.
Special Movement/Senses
Creatures with special movement and/or sense are always interesting. Creatures which attack from the ceiling, create true darkness around themselves, tunnel through rock and sense tremors in the ground, swimming and flying foes, and really fast creatures are all options to challenge your players.
Angry trees, giant worms, huge insects, sea serpents, swamp monsters, rabid killer gophers, you name it.
Make it Big
Just about anything which you make a giant is going to be a fearsome and tough opponent. Not least for the fact it could just step on you and squish you. Consider using huge dragons, giants, giant animals, giant killer plants, Huge venus fly traps, massive sea behemoths, or whatever. Chances are whatever it is the bigger you make it the more dangerous it will seem.
Make it Small
On the other side of things are very small monsters. Creature so small they’re difficult to attack. Think how the warrior in the group would fight a terrible virus which had somehow gained a nasty personality through magic. Tiny vicious little fire ants, colonies of killer toads such as the poisonous Amazon jungle tree frog, or even just swarms of vines can all be deadly small foes.
Use Nature for Inspiration
When you’re drawing a blank creating monsters look to nature. Giant spiders with sticky webs to trap humanoid creatures, turtle like creatures with impenetrable shells, squid tentacle things which suck the life out of you, the electric eel, need I say more? Nature is a huge source of inspiration for monster design. Why do you think the medusa had snakes for hair and the dragon is modeled after a reptile?
Giant apes (King Kong), poisonous large snakes, massive killer crabs, huge eagles (good guys in Lord of the Rings), rabbits (Monty Python), tigers (Lion the Witch and the Wardrobe), and talking moving trees (Lord of the Rings) are all sources of inspiration and have been for other authors and game designers before you. Go to the source and come up with your own brilliant ideas.
Mental Monsters
The most famous of them probably being the tentecled face sucker which eats your brain and can shoot telekinetic force bolts into you or control/blast your mind at a distance. Just watch any show with telekinetic mind reading paranormal people or creatures in it for inspiration; or devise your own.
Telepathic brain eaters who shoot mental bolts into the brains of their foes (or mind control them as slaves) are one idea. Mental pitcher plants which create illusions of paradise to ‘lure’ their prey are another.
Adding Powers Resistances Immunities and Subtypes to Monsters
One nifty little trick to soup up just about any monster is to give it a subtype and appropriate power. For instance, you could make a regular human warrior a fire warrior working for the prince of fire. Such a character would, naturally, have resistance to flame, the ability to enchant his weapons and aura with fire, and gain the subtype of fire.
Strong creatures such as dragons might be completely immune to their subtype such as a red dragon who is immune to heat and flames completely whereas a lowly fire warrior would only resist 5 points of fire damage on every hit against him.
Sometimes having immunity or resistance to one type of attack comes with a consummate weakness. It’s quite likely fire warriors and red dragons take double damage (or some other addition) from cold based attacks and frost weaponry.
Some creatures may simply be very tough and reduce all damage against them by a certain amount. A rock golem, for example could have damage reduction 5 against all attacks.
Some creatures such as Vampires are immune to all damage except from a specific source (holy water, wooden stakes, etc.). But you should probably keep such creatures to a minimum.
You can add only weaknesses to some creatures such as a massive giant being incredibly tough but if you hit him in the head with a small rock from a sling he dies. Weaknesses usually work better on really tough creatures than weak ones because the players may not even notice a weak creature has a special weakness (or bother to find it) whereas with a tougher foe they’ll probably be looking for ways to defeat it.
On the flip side you can add powers to some creatures which they would not normally have. Giving magic to goblins, warrior abilities to ogres, mental and psychic powers to trolls, regeneration to lizard men, and magical shields against all attack to Sphinxes are all viable options (provided there’s at least 1 or more ways to penetrate the defenses or defend against a special attack like a mirror for a creature which turns you to stone if you look at it).
Plot Twists and Red Herrings
The best stories often have a lot going on. They make use of such literary devices as: plot twists, set backs, red herrings, and foreshadowing. See below for details.
Foreshadowing
Foreshadowing, simply put, is the act of the author dropping hints about what’s coming up. Since you’re only the GM and not the author you can never say with 100% certainty what is going to happen next (which is up to the PCs) but you can still use foreshadowing to great advantage even if everything doesn’t ‘come to pass.’
Examples of foreshadowing are making constant comments about how ‘high’ the ceiling is and how ‘wide’ the corridors are. This will give the players the impression they’ll be facing something very large in an upcoming encounter.
Being more subtle you could make a point to mention mirrors and dark shadows crossing the room to foreshadow vampires or a medusa but don’t be surprised if the characters don’t pick up on such subtle hints.
You can use foreshadowing to great effect over multiple adventures. If you mention a powerful foe in the first adventure, have the heroes hear news of his dastardly deeds in the second, and only finally get a chance to meet him in the third adventure it’ll seem all the more fitting and the character will be well established without you ever having to do a thing.
Red Herrings
A red herring in literary terms is simply a ‘false lead’. When you have every chest contain gold, every room contain monsters, and every wand contain magic you’re being both predictable and tiresome. Red herrings apply equally well to plot events. The players might find a dead end corridor which leads nowhere or an NPC might tell them about the “Killer Swamp Beast” which actually doesn’t exist. When they hunt it down and find nothing you’ve created an air of mystery. Is there really a swamp beast? If there is, where is it now?
Use red herrings sparingly. Use them to keep the players guessing. Not everyone is lying and not all leads lead to nothing.
Set Backs
Most good stories involve set backs. The hero takes the hit and falls down (but gets back up). The villain strikes a blow against good (before being taken out). The village people decide the heroes are the bringers of evil upon them and chase them out of town (only to celebrate them later when they bring back the head of the monster on a stick).
Because this is a game you can’t force set backs on the players. But if some evolve naturally from events that’s great too. It’s always more fun to come back from being down and out to triumph rather than start powerful and finish powerful.
If the PCs are defeated by the villain or monsters consider having him ransom them off, try to roast them over a fire (and let the PCs try to escape) or whatever instead of simply killing them. If they do escape they’ll either hate the monsters/foe more or they’ll be even more pleased at their ‘heroic escape.’
Being captured can easily be overdone, but on occasion it is fun to role-play (when the capture is fitting, not just because the GM wanted it to happen).
Plot Twists
Last but not least, plot twists are part of what make good stories tick, just like nefarious bad guys and great settings. A plot twist occurs when anything unexpected happens to change the ball game (another good reason to be unpredictable).
When the foes turn out to be the good guys, when the PCs employer turns out to be a villain, when the dungeon turns out to be an elaborate trap set up by the villain just to capture the PCs: all of these are plot twists. Great plot twists make great adventures.
Consider having the dragon turn out to be the princess (shape changed). The orc is the hero of the story. The treasure is an illusion. The barkeeper is the villain of the story. Everyone in the village is an evil monster. Or even stranger things: whatever you can come up with. Plot twists are very individual, you can spot (and steal) them in most good books and movies but the best ones are those you come up with yourself to fit your own story.
Plot twists can be overdone but usually this is only because you’re using the same plot twists over and over again and not because plot twists themselves can be overused.
If the players employer always turns out to be a bad guy, chances are you’re using the role reversal plot twist just a little too much. Consider having something else happen like the only way to defeat the villain is to be nice to him and give him his favourite sandwich which prompts him to break down and cry (and run off to mummy).
Also, as a side note about villains, it’s usually much more interesting if they have a credible motivation for what they’re doing. Purely evil people who want to ‘destroy the world’ are very rare. But a guy jilted by his lover who’s gone mad and seeks revenge is a much more real possibility.
Illusions
Magical phantoms which appear to be real, illusions, can present an interesting challenge on occasion. Usually to spot an illusion a character must say “I’m looking for illusions” or some equivalent and then make a check (or see through the illusion automatically). Illusions can be combined with regular foes, used as ‘impossible’ challenges, or just placed as an obstacle to the players (like an illusion making a bridge over a chasm invisible while the sign says ‘bravery is required to cross’ etc. like in Indiana Jones).
Henchmen
In Star Trek they were known affectionately as the ‘red shirts’ people who accompany the real heroes but of no real importance to the story (and thus useful for killing off by the GM and monsters/traps). Some players may actively recruit NPCs and henchmen whether by deed and word or an offer of a treasure reward (or payment). This is okay only if you’re comfortable with this. You’re perfectly within your rights as GM to disallow such ‘recruitments’ on the basis that adventuring is far too dangerous for anyone but an adventurer (the players) to undertake.
If you do allow henchmen and other NPCs to come along for the ride you open up a lot of possibilities. Try not to kill off the favourite henchman of a player if said henchman really does mean something to that player. Extras on the other hand can be killed off at will for dramatic purposes. Having henchman crack and flee or run into traps is another favourite of GMs and movie directors alike.
Something else to keep in mind is that the players are the ‘heroes’ of the story, not the NPCs. Never let the NPCs steal the show, solve any problem, or take center stage. That’s purely the players job.
This applies to other NPCs as well. If the PCs are in hot water you probably shouldn’t have a friendly wizard pop in, slay the dragon, and rescue the PCs. Perhaps once a campaign this would be a nice twist but used too often it just seems cheap and unfair to the players. They’re the heroes, not the NPCs controlled by the GM.
In fact, it’s probably much better if the PCs are saving the NPC’s lives. This makes them seem even more heroic, smarter than the NPCs, and just all around better as ‘main characters.’
Spotlight Time
Akin to the NPCs stealing the show above is when one or more players steal the show or only one player is left out of all the action. For whatever reasons this happens, you must stop it. This is one of the primary differences between books and movies and RPGs. All of the players are the main characters and each of them equally so. There is no ‘main character’ among the players even if one of them does take on the role of leader. With this thinking in mind you should try to make sure that everyone gets their chance to shine. If you notice one character is always left out of the action include things especially for that character alone. Always try to make sure everyone is having fun.
Basic Psychology
To be a first rate GM, I think, requires you also have a basic understanding of psychology and particularly the psychology of your players. You must be able to ‘read’ their reactions, intent, and enjoyment of the game on a moment-by-moment basis and compensate for any lack in any way you can. If you can ‘feel out’ that your group wants more combat it’s your job to work that in as fast as possible, if you ‘feel’ that they want more role-playing or wish to negotiate or otherwise ‘skill’ their way out of a fight(s) then you should make this a possibility. Because of the highly reactive nature of a good RPG it’s integral to be able to ‘know’ your players, their moods, and their minute facial expressions/body movement, interpret it instantly, and give them what they want in the game. This is not to say you should tailor the world to suit their every whim and hand them victory on a silver platter: make things hard, difficult, even almost impossible and make them sweat and quiver in fear, but also know enough about them at any given time so that you can deliver the play style and series of challenges they’re looking forward to: right now.
Even if you’re not that great at ‘reading’ people there is a simple solution. Just ask your players what they want to do or be doing right now in the game. This simple question will almost always get you a simple response which you can start to implement immediately with the desired results. Don’t let the players manipulate you, obviously, but if they simply say “I want to fight something” or “I want to role-play more” or “I want to find treasure/my missing sister/a skill challenge or whatever” it should be pretty easy for you to build that into the adventure (or a future adventure if this one is already planned).
Your advantage is the longer you play with any particular group of players and the more you ask them about their character (and player) goals the easier it will be for you to design adventures tailored to their play styles and figure out what they mean or want to do. Don’t be afraid to ask a lot of questions, no one says you have to use whatever they suggest, but if it seems reasonable to you (or even brilliant) why not use it? If it’ll make the game better, is brilliantly creative, and will make your players happy; what’s stopping you? All you have to do is ask.
Part 19.2: Our Other Products
You can find all of the below e-books on Amazon Kindle. Amazon also sells a print version of Challenger in their Books section.
Some of these books and the character sheets are available in PDF on RPGnow.com and elsewhere across the internet through Smashwords. You should be able to find Challenger itself at least on all major e-book retailers’ websites.
Of Mice Men and Wizards: A Free Roleplaying Game
The Book of Powers and GM Advice: a supplement to of mice men and wizards
Magic Items: another supplement to of mice men and wizards
Killer Bug-Eyed Alien Frogs from Outer Space: an of mice men and wizards adventure
Queen of the Homicidal Nymphomaniacs from Atlanta: a better of mice men and wizards adventure
Arms and Equipment Guide: yet another of mice men and wizards RPG supplement
Challenger RPG: a completely free roleplaying game.
RPG Reviews: my reviews of several major RPG products (and lesser known ones).
How to Play a Roleplaying Game (And Win): a satirical spoof/information for new players on roleplaying.
Caverns of the Psychopathic Crazy Lunatics: a free dungeon bash adventure.
1001 RPG Quotes: spoofy RPG sayings.
The Vampire War: the sequel to the free e-book novel contained at the back of the Kindle version of Challenger. It is part of a 7 book series I’m currently editing and revising.
If you have any advice or recommendations for change in these or other books it would be much appreciated and I may even include your name in the game credits. Challenger is currently still under intensive review and revision and it is what it is today because of the help and support of countless playtesters, readers, and creative people such as yourself.
Thanks for reading this book, I appreciate it! Because of valuable input from readers such as yourself this game is what it is today. Thank you.
--David L. Dostaler
Author.
Chapter Twenty: Challenger RPG Character Sheet

Part 20.1: Character Sheet Info
You can find a full size printable version of this character sheet to download for free at RPGnow.com which also has a bookmarked PDF of Challenger with more artwork. Enjoy!
Glossary
1d3: Roll 1d6 and on a roll of 1-2 it’s a 1, 3-4 it’s a 2, and 5-6 it’s a three.
1d5: roll 1d6 and re-roll all sixes until you roll a number from 1-5
1d6: a six-sided, or: ‘normal’ die. 5d6 would mean: roll 5 six sided dice and add the results together. 1d6-1 would mean roll 1d6 and subtract one from the result. 1d6+1 would be roll one six-sided dice and add 1 to the total. 
1d20: a twenty sided dice. Usually sold at specialty hobby shops. Each point on a d20 equals 5%.
1d100: If you don’t have 1d100, roll 1d6 and 1d20. If you roll a 5 or 6 on the d6 re-roll.
If you roll a 1, add nothing to the d20 roll. If you roll a 2-4, multiply that roll by 20 and add it to the result of the d20 roll. This will give you a result from 1-100.
A.: attack. Usually refers to the number added when you make a regular attack roll against a combat challenge.
Adventure: A single storyline. Like the plot of one movie, one book, or a comic strip. Usually ends with a big finale.
Attack: See A. Normally you have +0 to attack. +1 A. means add +1 to die rolls when attempting to hit something with an attack roll (1d20 vs. risk rating set by GM).
Base Class: the five starting classes in the game: wizard, warrior, archer, skills master, and healer. The GM may limit the use of any other classes in his or her games.
Battle: all of the rounds in one combat situation. GM’s discretion when a battle ends.
Bonus hp: this hp isn’t actually added to your total hp. It is temporarily put ‘on top’. When you take damage remove it from your temporary hp first. You can’t keep temporary hp.
Challenge: any situation which requires a roll to succeed. Breathing is not usually a challenge but scaling a cliff, battling a dragon, and holding your breath are definitely challenges.
Character: the role a player acts as in the game. Think of your character like a part in a movie, or a character in a book, except you created him!
Character Sheet: the single sheet of paper upon which you record all of your character information. Keep this between adventures and add to it as long as you play.
Class: a character’s profession or vocation. It defines what abilities your character has access to.
D.: Damage. Normally you deal damage according to your weapon type. See Chapter Five: Character Errata for details on equipment. Subtract your damage rolled from the opposition’s hp when you hit. Most challenges have lower hp than characters to simplify game-play. 
Damage: see D. You normally deal damage when you hit with a weapon.
Dark vision: you can see in the dark just as well as in the light.
Dungeon: any interior place with walls you can explore. Usually a highly dangerous and underground location such as a caverns. Monster and treasures frequently lie in dungeons.
Dying and Negative hp: see hp. See also page 198 in the GM’s Section.
Encounter: all of the rounds in any single encounter. It could be a battle, a negotiation, or a search.
Engagement: any monster you attack or use a singular skill on counts as engaged during a combat round. Any monster who is engaged cannot normally take free attacks.
Free action: a standard primary action you can perform for free on a round in addition to your one normal action and moving. If it’s an attack, no one can attack you back.
Free attack: an extra primary free attack action which may only be a single basic attack with your primary weapon against one foe. This foe cannot attack you back even if you miss.
GM: Game Master: The one player who runs the game, controls the environment and setting, and role-plays all the creatures, people, and villains not controlled directly by the players. See Chapter Seven: the GM’s Section for more details.
Gp: gold piece: a unit of currency in game terms. Also known as gold.
Healing: See page 198 in the GM’s section.
Hp: a measure of toughness. When your hp reaches 0 you are dying and unconscious. When it reaches -10 you die. (Optional): You gradually lose 1 hp per round when dying unless you recover or an ally heals you/bandages you up. HP stands for ‘hit points’.
Infra-vision: you can see infrared heat signatures, essentially allowing you to see in the dark.
Levels: when you successfully complete an adventure you usually go up 1 or more levels. You gain 1 extra hp when you go up a level. The higher your level, the stronger you are.
Level Tier: a level tier is a set of 10 levels. You start out at 1st level and the next nine levels and it are referred to as the low level tier. So: levels 1-10 low level tier, 11-20 medium level tier, and 30+ high level tier, and so on. The GM may wish to end the game with a final adventure at some specific level or level tier and you can always retire in victory and start off on new adventures with new heroes.
Non stackable: you can’t use this power or ability in conjunction with other powers.
Magic: a magical effect or power. Magic can usually be used at ranges up to 60 ft. See the individual power description for details. When you attack with a basic magic attack it’s ranged and usually ignores normal armor.
Melee: refers to combat in close quarters such as a sword fight or wrestling match.
Multi-classing: see page 34 for details.
Multiple Attacks: usually only 1 foe can attack you back when you use a multiple attack power.
Party: a group of player characters. Usually everyone should stick together so as not to cause problems for the GM.
PC: Player Character: interchangeably used to refer to the player’s and/or their characters. 
Percentages or %: you can obtain any percentage roll in the game by rolling 1d20 and multiplying by 5%. So a roll of 11 would be 55%. See also ‘1d00’ at the start of the glossary.
Player: the player of a character. You control only your character and his or her actions. Most of the time you must roll a die compared against a number set by the GM to do something difficult under pressure. This is called a challenge.
Power: you start the game with 5 powers. To use a power, follow its description. Usually each power entry will have an action type it uses or will take a full round. See page 37 for more details.
Race: similar to class, a race is something you can only take at first level. You can’t change your race later or trade in its powers. 
Ranged: refers to combat at a range beyond melee. You can’t usually hit people with your sword when they’re 100 ft. away (unless you throw it). Most ranged weapons can be fired 60 ft. but some ranged specialty characters may be able to fire it farther. See page 195 for further details.
Role-playing: playing the role of your character(s) like an actor plays a part in a movie (without the running around and special effects). 
Round: a short span of time in a tense situation. Every player gets at least 1 turn in a round unless unable to do so from being unconscious or similar.
RPG: Role-Playing Game: a game in which you play the roll of a single or various characters.
RR: Risk Rating: the number set by the GM which you must roll on 1d20 to succeed. If you fail this roll you may take damage as an enemy hits you, penalties as you become dizzy, fall off a cliff, etc. Example: if you had to climb a rope at RR 17 and you had climb at expert (+3) level you would need to roll a 14 or higher on 1d20 to succeed. (14+3=17).
Saving Throw: In rare circumstances where you would be: turned to stone, mind controlled, poisoned, or otherwise subject to death or losing your mind or body; you get a saving throw. A saving throw is a single 1d20 roll vs. an RR set by the GM or the book as appropriate. Even if you roll the RR or above you still may suffer some effects of the attack. You can never make saving throws against normal attacks.
Session: However long you play the game in one sitting.
Skill: you start the game with 6 skills. Skills can be anything from the mundane (climb, run, hunt) to the extraordinary (telekinesis, minor magics, etc.) There are two general rules of thumb concerning skills. 1. skills are always less powerful than powers. And 2. the broader a skill the weaker it is. A skill called “Do anything” would be useless even at higher ranks and a skill called “all physical skills” would grant at most a +1 bonus even at mastered level. Be sure to check with your GM when making up your own skills.
Stacks: you can use this power with other powers it stacks with. See also: non stackable above.
Str: Strength.
Successes: interchangeably used with damage. Successes can refer to victories not related to battle or hp as well.
Take hit: see below.
Taking a hit: jumping in the way of an enemy attack and taking the damage for it instead of you ally or the subject of the attack.
Temporary hp: see Bonus HP above
Turn: every player gets one turn every round in a battle. The GM gets one results turn to describe the results and any other occurrences which happen such as free attacks by monsters.
XP: experience points: the GM awards experience points whenever you or your character does something particularly heroic, funny, or noteworthy. You can spend xp on various upgrades to your character. See page 191 XP Costs for Character additions in Chapter Seven: the GM’s Section for details.
You: when this book refers to ‘you’ it’s really just shorthand for: your character. 
