
Children of the Tide
Theo Shapiro
Copyright © 2013 by Theo Shapiro
Smashwords Edition
All rights reserved. No part of this book may be used or reproduced in any manner whatsoever without written permission, except in the case of brief quotations embodied in critical articles or reviews. Please do not participate in or encourage the piracy of copyrighted materials in violation of the author’s rights. Purchase only authorized editions.

Contents
Foreword
Part I: Fit Tún
Part II: The New Nothing
Part III: The Wreck
Part IV: The Hook
Part V: Dinx and Orb
Part VI: The Dive
About the Author

Foreword
Over the summer of 2013 my wife and I went on our honeymoon to Maui. Of course the island was gorgeous, but it wasn’t the land that was the main attraction for me and my wife. Instead, it was the ocean and the mysterious creatures that dwell beneath its glimmering surface. I am avid scuba diver and am lucky enough to be married to someone who shares my passion for the sea and the adventure of scuba diving.
Ever since I was born I have felt the most peace and comfort when I am in or near the ocean. The smell of the salt air, the gentle rhythmic sound of the waves crashing on the shore, the feeling of your skin as it absorbs the ocean air and the sun, and finally the love for every creature in the water. Everything about the ocean brings about a kind of serenity in my life that nothing else can.
Let me get to the point; this book was inspired by our honeymoon. On the trip my wife and I went on several dives, each one bringing about a sight of creatures and coral formations that neither of us had ever seen before. Though we both love to dive we are very different divers. When I am in the water everything slows down to me. I imagine that I am in my real home and swimming in a place where I belong, instead of the alien that I truly am in this different world. I am so calm that my breathing and heart rate slow down to nearly nonexistence. My wife on the other hand encounters a rush that is similar to a child’s on Christmas morning. Every creature excites her; from a lurking barracuda to the tiniest cleaner shrimp. You could set her on a single coral formation with several brightly colored fish and she would be pleased for hours. She becomes so excited by the little creatures that she literally squeals with joy as these dwellers of the deep swim, crawl, and float by her. She becomes so excited that I need to hold her hand throughout the dive to be sure she doesn’t try to catch one of these little fish and try to keep it for a pet.
One morning my wife and I went for a walk on the beach and came upon a bunch upon a large formation of rocks. The rocks were at the edge of the water and we watched as gentle waves crashed against the rocks and receded back into the ocean. Attached to the wet surface of the rocks were several shelled creatures. We took some time to scour the ocean’s edge looking for some sea shells to take home with us. As I had my back to the rocks I heard a shout of joy come from my wife. I turned around to find her perched atop a rock holding a little hermit crab.
I went over to her to see her discovery that excited her as much as an old pirate finding buried treasure. She looked up from her new friends and looked at me with large eyes that would melt the Grinch’s three sizes too small heart and asked if we could keep it. When I said no and said she should let it go she reluctantly went over to the edge of the water and set it down. Even though she only had to take three small steps to go from the rock to the water to the hermit crab it had traveled the equivalent of a trip from Baltimore to Los Angeles.
When I told my wife this thought she looked at me as if I was insane and said she was probably doing it a favor putting it back in the water. My mind was racing. How could we be sure? Maybe there was a reason that the hermit crab was climbing on those rocks, maybe it was trying to get back to the water. The thing is we will never know. That led me to thoughts of how every interaction, no matter how large or small, will leave an impact on both parties.
As we concluded our incredible trip, the hermit crab event stayed in the front of my mind. In this book I took some of mine and my wife’s favorite sea creatures and showed how the unlikeliest situations can have an effect on other creatures. I hope that you get as much pleasure from this book as I did in writing it.

Part I: Fit Tún
What am I doing here? My parents would chew me up and spit me out if they knew what I was doing. It’s not the fact that I am out at night that would bother them. In fact I often go out with them at night with some of my friends to get food, cruise around, or just socialize. Well, I wouldn’t say friends. Most of the others my parents and I hang out with we don’t really like, but my mom insists we be active in the community. “It’s in our nature to stick together in groups,” my mom always says. I always argue that there are plenty of others that go off on their own, but she insists that they are different and likely to get in trouble. “Not us though”, she would say, “We are different from them and stronger together.” Stronger against what, I asked myself. I think my mom is just one of those parents that are afraid of every dark shadow and assumes there is danger around every corner.
That makes what I’m doing all the worse. By being out here I am going against everything my parents have taught me. God, I feel alive. I’m so pumped with energy and endorphins I’m surprised I don’t have every female from school swooning over me right now. Even though I’m so far away from any girls I have no doubt they can smell me now, I reek of so much testosterone.
Up ahead of me is Khan. Khan isn’t his real name, I don’t know his real name to be honest. I don’t know if anybody does. Khan is three grades above me, but he is much older. He’s failed classes so many times that it could be considered illegal for him to even show up at school, but no one says anything. Teachers don’t say anything to him, the Principle doesn’t talk to him, and most everyone in school avoids him. There are those select few that try to hang out with Khan, but those who manage to survive talking to him for more than a few minutes are more afraid of him than anyone a day later. Of course this makes him all the more appealing to the girls at school. His scar doesn’t hurt either. Khan has a long scar that wraps around is body; starting at his eye and running down the length of his body. His left eye doesn’t open all the way because of the scar.
If anyone else had a scar like that they would be considered hideous, a freak, Frankenstein even, but not Khan. Khan wears that scar like a prize. The scar only adds to the mystery that is Khan. I asked him if his parents knew this is where he went when he went out at this time. Khan just turned, looked at me with that scarred eye, and smiled. His smile showed bone white teeth that looked like they could send a vampire running. Khan turned back without saying a thing. He knew what I was doing. I was fishing for information on him. Khan’s parents were as much a mystery as his name. No one had ever seen his parents. Hell, some people doubted he even had parents. There are several theories as to what happened to his parents. Some say that when he was born they were so scared of their child they ran away and never returned. The popular theory is that Khan killed them, but how is the real question. I had heard every theory from poisoning them to eating them. I really doubted the whole eating them theory, but I’ve heard it more than once.
Clearly Khan wasn’t going to answer any personal questions and wasn’t in the mood to talk, but I couldn’t help myself. I was filled with so much excitement that I couldn’t keep my mouth shut. “I don’t know about yours, but if my parents found out where I was they would kill me. Do you come out here often? Have you ever been caught? I can’t believe we’re doing this.”
Khan was still ahead of me and not speaking. For a second I wasn’t sure if he even remembered I was there. I quickened my pace to catch up with him. I was moving alongside Khan when he glanced over at me.
“You’re not getting nervous on me are you Shrimp?” Khan asked.
“What? No way! I’m just excited…and I’m not a shrimp.”
Khan let out a sound that was a mix between a chuckle and a sigh. It’s true though, I’m not a shrimp. In fact I’m one of the larger guys in my grade. The problem is with my size I’m lacking all the other tools necessary to make myself one of those imposing, popular guys at school. I don’t have the strength or coordination that the other guys have. Going hunting is one of the most popular things to do after school. At first everyone wanted me to tag along. With my size and look I must be a great hunter, right? Not so much. I don’t have the endurance or speed to keep up with the other guys, I don’t have the stealth to sneak up on whatever we’re hunting, and I just don’t like it. If anyone knew I didn’t like to hunt I would be the laughing stock of the school and entire community.
I’m not sure why I don’t like to hunt like the others. It’s not that I’m squeamish even though our style of hunting ends in a bloody battle. Everyone has a different way to hunt, and our society has its own way as well. Others like us typically live and travel together, but prefer to do their hunting alone. In our society though, we are a community that does everything together as one. We live together and hunt together. At night a hunting party will gather together and go out in search of prey. Then there is the way we kill. When we kill something it is a personal, ritualistic event. I’ve seen and heard of many different ways that others hunt. I’ve heard of killing things with electricity, poison, stealth, rope and traps, sharp objects, even the terrible devices known as guns. Our society believes in the ancient way of killing something; with only the weapons God provided us with. We do not hide behind weapons, but use that with what we are born with to hunt. It may seem bloody and barbaric to some, but to us it is natural and elegant. The only real way to prove one’s worth.
As I said, the blood is not what deters me from the idea of hunting. The hunters in our society thrive off the sight and smell of blood. My father has told me that those raised in our society have an extra sense that can pick up the smell of blood like a Great White shark. When I see or smell blood I feel nothing. Even the sense of disgust would be preferable compared to the empty hollow feeling that I’m left with. I was taught to believe that the thrill of the hunt is what truly feeds us, and the prize at the end is just the icing on the lobster (whatever that is supposed to mean. I heard someone from school say that and for some reason it stuck in my head). If presented the choice I would prefer my meal be served to me on a silver platter without having to go through all the hullabaloo of hunting, catching, and killing my meal.
Instead I pretend I love to hunt as much as anybody else. Luckily, I don’t have to put up much of a show. After screwing up several hunts the guys try to leave me behind or go off hunting without me noticing them. They don’t care too much about sparing my feelings. Their attempt at avoiding me is gathering in a large group after school, wrestling, talking about what they were going to go kill, who is going to get the target first, and talking about past hunts. When I come around the topic quickly changes and I feel their eyes on me as they chuckle and mutter under their breath. It doesn’t take a genius to figure out what they’re laughing at.
That’s ok though. I just play my part the same way I always do. I move into the group, look around at all the guys, and muster up my intimidating voice and ask, “So what’s happening guys? We going to go kill something or what? I’m hungry and it’s my turn to eat the catch.”
The guys will look from one to the other; waiting to see who would step up with some excuse as to why they weren’t going hunting that day. When they first started to try and avoid me they were kind about it, but as time went on the excuses got worse and worse and more insulting. The last time I asked to go hunting one of the guys said, “Yeah, sorry Vince. Today’s not the best day.”
Usually I would just take the first excuse I’m given, make a show of being upset, and move on. For some reason that day I kept pushing. “Why not? Today seems like as good a day to go hunting as any other and I’m hungry.”
Another one of the guys answered, “Yeah, we should bring Vince along. Maybe we can do a little fishing and the Shrimp would make great bait.”
Everyone started laughing, and the name Shrimp has stuck ever since. To make things worse the name shrimp has spread beyond the school. I’ve heard everyone from my neighbors to the authorities greeting me as Shrimp. “Hey there Shrimp, how are your parents? Hey Shrimp, you stayin out of trouble? You want to go fishing Shrimp?” It got to the point where it wasn’t even worth defending myself anymore. I just took it in stride and ignored it. I had hoped by not showing the name bothered me the others would lose interest in calling me Shrimp, but instead they took it as a sign that I had accepted the name.
Every time I hear someone call me “Shrimp” I want to tear their face off, but everyone knows that I won’t do anything in retaliation. There is only one person who I would begrudgingly let them call me Shrimp, and that’s Khan. He is the only one that’s close to my age that actually makes me look like a shrimp. Khan is massive and riddled with muscles. What makes him all the more impressive is that he carries his mass with incredible grace. If Khan wanted to he could easily be the best hunter in the school, but always keeps to himself. The fact that Khan likes to hunt alone makes him even more of an outcast. It seems like everyone on our community hunts, even the women, but whenever someone goes out hunting they never go alone. My father is always telling me that we are meant to be with others and those that seek isolation have something wrong with them. Khan not only goes out hunting alone, but finds the area where there is no chance of crossing the path of any others.
I glance over at Khan and find myself starring at his scar like I was hypnotized. I must have been starring longer than I realized because Khan came to an abrupt stop and turned on me. “What are you starring at Shrimp?”
“Nothing, I was just, I was just…”
“Just what? Damn it Shrimp toughen up and speak your mind.”
“Why am I here?”
“Because you’re following me and this is where I’m heading. Or did you want me to tell you about the meaning of life?”
“I’m serious. I can think of a hundred guys from school that would kill to come out hunting with you, but you asked me, and this might come as a bit of a shock to you but I’m not the best hunter or all too big a fan of it.”
Sarcastically, Khan replied, “What? You? Not the best hunter? With a name like Shrimp I figured you were a killing machine. I can’t believe I was so fooled.”
“Never mind, just forget it.” But I couldn’t forget it. As excited as I was to be here with Khan I couldn’t get the question out of my head; why me? I’m not the most unpopular guy in school, but I’m pretty low on the totem pole. If it wasn’t for my size everyone would make fun of me. The only other thing I had going for me was my father. When I’m alone I might as well be a moving target for people to make fun of and take their shots at, but if there was any chance of my father finding out or being around you would think I was a fire; they stayed so far away from me.
My father is one of the authorities in the community. I mean that in the literal and figurative sense of the word. My father is one of the higher ranking public defenders in the community and often keeps everyone safe from trouble and everyone in line. He’s not officially a police officer, Governor, or any other type of official that helps run the community, but he’s paid by the head honchos to keep things in order. I guess you can compare him to a mercenary, but instead of causing trouble he keeps the community together. If that requires a little violence then he has no problem with that and the authorities will look the other way.
Going beyond that, it could be argued, my father is one of the best hunters in the community. He has led more hunts than anyone and kills his prey with the ruthlessness of a Great White or Tiger shark. In fact I’ve heard he’s gone on fishing trips and he’s killed a Great White all on his own, but he never told me about it and I’ve yet to see any proof. If it was true you’d think he’d keep some kind of memento.
My father loves to hunt more than he loves…well me. Being such a respected member of the community and skilled hunter it’s no secret that I’m a disappointment to him. I still shudder at the memories of my childhood when he would take me out to hunt, line me up for my first kill, and stare aghast at me as I choked or found some reason not to kill the unsuspecting prey. We would return home; my father furious and not speaking to me. My mother would come to my rescue and say I was still too young to go hunting. My father would just growl under his breath how he would go hunting with his father within the first three months of his birth.
Despite all the disappointing hunting and fishing trips my father would not give up on me. Every day we would go out and every day resulted in another disappointment for my old caregiver. If it wasn’t for my mother I’m pretty sure my father would have killed me eaten me along with his next fishing catch. As a shrimp I would be the appetizer.
As I got older my hunting skills improved, slightly. I had gathered the courage to kill, but I never felt the blood thirst or want to kill that everyone else in the community seemed to have. I tried to use the community to hide my squeamishness by joining my father and others in a hunt, but hanging in the back and letting others take the kill and glory. By being a part of the hunting group I figured I would still be doing my part, but that wasn’t true. Our community, partly because of my father, consists of incredible hunters. The hunting party moves as a single unit, almost as if instead of several living organisms out for a kill, we were all united as one with the same mind. Every move from one member would affect another and vice versa. Everyone had a role to play and the slightest mistake would throw the entire hunt off. I’ve heard that there are other things like us that hunt alone or in their own pack, but none of them can be as effective hunters and fishers as our community is. My father taught me alone we are vulnerable, but together we can take on any challenge.
So even hiding in the back or staying out of the way was no use; I would still cause trouble by being too slow, too loud, falling out of formation, bumping into another hunting compatriot, or let the pray get away. This brings up the worst day in my life. Three years ago my father thought of a way that he thought was a full proof plan to turn me into the blood thirsty son he always wanted. He was going to have me lead the hunt. When my mother and I heard this plan we instantly knew it was a bad idea. There was no way I could be expected to lead a hunt. I tried to find some excuse, but was unable to, and again my mother tried to come to my defense.
“He’s too young. I need him to help me at home. He has studying to do.” My mother used every excuse in her mother’s handbook, but each was turned down by my father. I assume he believed I had been babied too long and it was time for me to sink or swim. My father declared that I would lead a hunting party the next day and that was final.
That night I had kept playing out every scenario in my head on how the hunt would go. Even when I tried to envision a successful hunting trip led by me it turned into a disaster. When my father came to get me he told me he had gathered the entire hunting party. It is the right of the lead hunter to choose his hunting party. I had hoped my father would choose a close group of friends or gathered a smaller group in order to make the hunt easier, or at least keep my humiliation a bit more private. When I saw the large size of the hunting party I felt my stomach turn inside out. There were 25 killing machines ready to follow my lead.
This was a relatively large size for a hunting group. Even though it is common knowledge in our society that hunting in a group is the best way to go, it is also known that it’s easier to hunt with a smaller group. This involves fewer roles to worry about and more stealth. Apparently my father believed leading a large group was the best thing for me. It took everything in me not to turn, flee, and hide. Instead I swallowed my fear, put on a brave face, and took my designated place in front of the pack.
As I took my place, my father fell in a bit behind me and to my right, taking the place of the adjutant (what we consider second in command). The others fell into their place with the practice and familiarity as a fish takes to water. As the hunters assembled I could hear the mutterings of the doomed hunt that was to come. At this time my absent hunting skills were not as well known to the community as they are now, but there were plenty of rumors and suspicions as to my defunct carnivorous instinct.
As the leader it was my job to choose where the hunt would take place and I took this obligation as my only hope to save face and not embarrass my father. Hunting with my father all those times has taught me where the best places to go are, and where all the worst places were as well. I decided to lead the group to one of the places that were usually scarce of any targets.
I had hoped that we would go out on the hunt, not find anything, and be forced to return home with no catch, and my families honor none the worse for were. Of course this was not to be.
After four hours of hunting I was starting to feel the inner fears die down and felt the pride in my deceitful plan start to grow. At the same time I could feel the agitation in my father and the others start to grow. They were thirsty for blood.
I glanced back at my father to see his expression and I have the feeling he knew exactly what I was doing. The only thing that protected me was that it’s considered a great insult if the adjutant questions the leader, even if the adjutant was my father.
A hunt can last over ten hours, depending on the leader and success of the day, but with four hours straight without a sign of anything worth killing I had hopes that I only need continue the charade for a couple more hours.
Then I saw it. It was massive. One of the biggest I had ever seen. I instantly came to a stop and the others stopped behind me. I stopped more because of surprise than my instinct to avoid detection. What was this stupid creature doing out here? There’s never any prey around here. Of all the times I’ve been out here.
My father appeared beside me like he was a ghost appearing from the darkness. “Good job son.” He said. “For a while I thought you were leading us away from anything on purpose. Apparently you have some of the family blood in you after all. I’ve never seen one this big. You know what to do.”
My father backed away, leaving me in front of the group on my own. I could feel the tension amongst all the members of the hunting party. Each knew their role to the smallest detail and was ready to pounce like a rubber band stretched to its greatest length possible. From instinct I knew the best way to get at the thing was to surround it on all sides, and with a hunting party this large there would be no way for it to escape.
For some reason though that’s not what I did. The fear of leading the group and shock of finding such an impressive target was starting to wear off and I felt my courage start to blossom. I started to think that I could do this. I wanted to make my father proud, I wanted to prove those doubters wrong, and most of all I wanted to be a hunter. I wanted to fit in with the society, but I didn’t seem to have the killer instinct that my father and the others had.
If I could make this kill maybe that would change. By taking down such a quarry perhaps I would finally feel that sense of adrenaline that the others spoke of. For once I would feel the jubilation and inhale the sweet, pungent smell of blood. I would fill my pride as I filled my stomach with the victim that I brought to its untimely demise.
The others waited for me to give the first direction. Even though the obvious decision was to surround the quarry, there were other options. I could just lead the group on a dramatic chase that would get all our hearts beating as one. With so many members the chase would not last long and would only serve to increase the appetite of the hunting party. There were several ways I could have gone about killing the creature, several of them involved me staying out of the way, but for some reason I wanted more.
I had silenced several members of the hunting party by leading them to such an impressive quarry, but I could still feel the doubt and sense of superiority many had toward me. I could choose to attack the prey on my own and once and for all show my prowess as a hunter and put myself in the good graces of my father.
When I told my father and the rest of the hunting party the plan to attack the opposition on my own there was a sense of shock amongst all the members, including my father. My father’s doubt quickly subsided to a look of pride, but the others only shared looks of questioning and doubt.
I ignored the reactions of the others and absorbed my father’s approving gaze like a flower absorbs the rays of the sun. I turned my focus onto the prey and my father led the hunting party away to give me space to launch my attack. The hunting party would provide me enough space to move about freely, but they would stay close enough in case a threat should appear or the quarry escape.
The creature had no idea of our presence and was face first in the ground, digging for a meal. I used rocks and cover to work my way directly behind the creature. It must have weighed 200 pounds. It was so large I couldn’t imagine it had the ability to flee even if it knew I was there. Still, I didn’t want to take any chances. I ran through all the hunting techniques my father taught me; first make sure there is no danger lurking around, find your greatest advantage over your prey, sense the movement of the prey almost as if you are a part of it, let the hunger and thirst build in you until you nearly feel your eyes roll into the back of your head in ecstasy, and once you feel this hunger and lust for the kill, attack.
The first three were easy and I waited for that adrenaline to start flowing, but it never came. As hard as I tried, I could only look upon the prey with a sense of disconnectedness. I didn’t feel like I was one with the creature, I only felt pity for the large dumb animal. What thrill was this? Twenty five natural born killers against this large, fat, stupid thing. This wasn’t sport, this was bullying. As I started to pity the creature I lost my concentration and forgot all the good that would come if I killed this thing. I forgot about the approval of the hunting party, the admiration of my classmates, and most importantly, the respect of my father.
Instead I could only think of letting this pathetic excuse for an opposition go. I decided I couldn’t kill this thing, but I couldn’t just turn back to the hunting party and explain my thinking. The idea of showing mercy or pity is as alien to our society as air is to a sting ray. In order to let this thing go I would have to make it seem like I went for the kill, but somehow allowed the thing to escape.
I knew I was in perfect position for the kill and at any moment I would be expected to attack. If I waited any longer my father and the hunting party would know something was wrong. I lunged forward and attacked the prey. The thing was so oblivious if I was truly trying to kill it I would have been able to rip it in half and serve it for a meal to the hunting party before it even knew it was dead.
I had to make this look good. I couldn’t let on that I was trying to let the thing escape. I targeted an area where I knew I could hurt the creature, but leave it with enough strength to escape. I needed to leave it with the full capability to get away otherwise the hunting party would be able to run it down.
I assaulted the prey in the exact spot I wanted and took hold of the oblivious thing. As soon as I made my attack the pungent odor of blood filled my nose. A small amount of blood found its way into my mouth and ran down my throat. Instead of the invigorating fuel the others claim it to be, I found the metallic taste to be as refreshing as motor oil.
From behind I heard the cheers from the hunting party. Apparently my show was very convincing. I backed away from the creature as it hysterically thrashed and kicked. The others assumed I was playing with the thing, allowing it to let the fear grow along with my lust for its’ blood, but the only thing growing was my sense of disgust at myself for attacking this thing.
I lunged again at the creature once more and timed my attack to let the contracting creature hit me upside the head. The blow barely grazed my head, but from their position the others would have no idea how hard I was truly hit. I hit the ground and pushed myself across the ground in an overly dramatic act of violence that would make the kindest of critics leap from their seats and gauge their eyes out.
As I expected, seeing my predicament, the others in the hunting party rushed at the creature. Not so much coming to my aide, but seeing their chance to be the one to take down the monstrous, wounded, quarry. Even though I had lost my chance for the kill, as the leader I could still command the group. The creature had regained its’ senses by now and was desperately fleeing the scene. The only way to save the slow moving beast was to stop the oncoming wave of death.
As bloodthirsty as our community is we are a cautious group foremost and do not rush into a situation where we are not completely in control. I shouted out that the creature was actually not alone and there were others coming to its aid. This stopped the hunting party in their tracks. The idea of chasing a creature with an unknown situation and the possibility of swimming into an ambush forced my compatriots to stop and assess the situation. This gave the wounded, alone creature time to reach its true objective.
When I attacked I had seen a cave that appeared to be the things home. It painfully scurried toward its’ sanctuary. When the others saw what was happening they resumed the chase following the blood trail like the only sense they had was that of smell. However the thing had had enough time to reach the cave and safety. The hunting party tried to force their way into the cave, but they were unable to and after waiting for several minutes realized the prey was long gone.
I feigned a pained expression on my face and pretended to express my dismay for the lost meal. Apparently my act was not as convincing as I believed because they all saw through my ruse. My father came up to me, expecting a verbal lashing, I was left in shock when he bit me! It wasn’t just a small bite, he took a large chunk of my flesh in his mouth and bit down and shook his head tearing away the skin and muscle like I was a meal. The pain of the bite was nothing compared to the shock I felt. I had heard stories about our kind eating others of our kind and I envisioned my father devouring me, but his purpose was not to kill but to leave a more lasting effect. A sign of shame that showed I am so pathetic I’m not even worth eating. The bite would leave a massive scar, and in our community represents a sign of shame. In a way my father had disowned me.
I stared up at my father, but his cold, dead eyes showed no emotion; neither anger, disgust, nor joy for what he had just done. He turned his back on me and led the others away. I could feel the looks of disgust from the others, though none of them dared look at me. That was the last time I went hunting with my father. If it wasn’t for my mother I believe he would have either killed me or sent me away, probably the first option if he had his choice. Instead I live in the home like an unwanted stranger; not welcome but not forced to leave. Just living my life as an outsider in a large community. Not alone or with anyone. I am worse than a shrimp; I am nothing.
“We’re almost there.” Khan’s voice broke me from my daydream and brought me back into our surroundings. I had been so deep in thought that I had completely lost sense of my surrounding and what I was doing; another thing that would fill my father with disgust.
I took a moment to look around and see where we were. I didn’t recognize the area and quickly realized it was because I had never been here before, and was forbidden to ever come here. It wasn’t just myself that’s forbidden, but the entire community is forbidden from this place. My father had never even dared venture here. This was the Fit Tún territory.
The Fit Tún possess weapons, technology, and resources that have killed thousands of our kind and those alike. The Fit Túns are merciless savages. They attack and kill for pure enjoyment. They destroy the land, sea, and everything else they come into contact with. The Fit Tún cannot move or travel in or near our home, so we are safe from them as long as we stay in our territory. However the Fit Fun are finding more and more ways to get at us, and as our community continues to dwindle they expand at an alarming rate.
“We can’t be here Khan.” I said, trying to control my shaking voice. “This is where the Fit Tún dwells.”
“Shrimp, have you ever seen a Fit Tún?”
Hesitantly, I answered, “No, but I’ve heard all about them.”
“No, you’ve heard stories, and myths. All of them greatly exaggerated. We are near their land true, but we are not on it. As long as we stay in our world they are powerless against us. In our world they don’t have the speed, strength, or brains to stand against us; let alone kill us. Do you really want to know why I brought you here?”
As scared as I was, my curiosity proved to be more powerful. My wandering eyes, looking for any sign of the dreaded Fit Tún, steadied and locked on Khan. Afraid my voice would reveal the true terror I felt I could only nod.
“I brought you here because I like you Shrimp. Believe it or not you remind me of myself. You and I are a lot alike. We both stand out and want to be apart from the community. You don’t have to admit it, but I know the idea of the hunting parties disgust you and you’ve never felt any thrill in killing something. I feel the same way. Those hunts are child’s play, especially when you outnumber the prey 10 to 1.”
I don’t know what surprised me more; the fact that Khan shared so many similar thoughts as me or hearing that many words come from his mouth.
Khan continued, “There are two ways to find meaning in your life. To find a purpose and challenge that will make your whole body tremble with excitement that you’ve never dreamed of. The first way is to become like our distant relatives and hunt alone. The second way is to find a prey that is a challenge. Something that has the ability to kill you or out think you; that’s the Fit Tún.”
“The Fit Tún are too dangerous. Many of the distant relatives that hunt alone which you mentioned have nearly gone extinct because of the Fit Tún.”
“Ha! The weaker species of our kind, but the strong survive. The only way to know if you are one of the strong is to go up against the strong. We have occupied this planet far longer than the Fit Tún. Compared to us the Fit Tún are babies. We were here when the dinosaurs were supposedly the most dangerous creatures, yet they are all gone and we remain. We are perfect. The species of shark has never had to evolve, yet the Fit Tún seems to change every 100 years just to survive.”
The shivers coursing through my body started to subside and I noticed I was grinding my razor sharp teeth together in anticipation of hunting the Fit Tún. Khan was right. As a species sharks are perfect, never having to change. I envisioned returning home to a heroes’ welcome. Not only have I been brought into the graces of the great Khan, but I will have faced our most feared enemy.
“The Fit Tún fears us as much as we fear them. Just before I attack they let out this horrible scream. The sound is more annoying than a dancing dolphin, but what comes after is the greatest moment in the world. When you take that first bite, do not kill them right away. Instead let them go. Let their blood fill the water and you will smell the greatest thing in the world. Their blood has a smell unlike any other creature. It is alluring, hypnotizing even. Savor it, embrace it. Smell their blood and smell their fear. Watch as they thrash around in the water like a lost guppy. They are helpless. They can’t breathe underwater and they move slower than a fat tortoise. When you are ready move in for the kill, slowly bite down as your and you will feel their life leave their body and you will be so exhilarated it’s almost as if their energy has passed into you.”
I didn’t need to hear anymore. I wanted this as bad as anything I’ve ever wanted. I was even starting to forget about making my father proud or impressing my mates at school. All I wanted was the thrill that Khan spoke of. I told Khan I was ready and he smiled at me; revealing his razor sharp teeth that I envisioned ripping apart hundreds of Fit Tún. As I was envisioning tearing into a Fit Tún I realized Khan was waiting for my answer. I nodded my head and tried to give him my toughest look. I think it just looked like I had a parrot fish stuck in my teeth.
Khan turned away and led me to “The Forbidden Sand”. The Forbidden Sand is where the Fit Tún dwells. There are boats, fishing nets, and all types of trash and pollution hazarding the ocean floor. Closer to the shore, where the waves start to form and break, there is said to be hundreds of Fit Tún jumping, splashing, and playing in the water like a bunch of seals. Khan explained that the best way to stalk the Fit Tún is to wait and find a Fit Tún dumb enough to drift away from its clansmen and be out far enough in the water to be susceptible for an attack.
I followed Khan as he led me around several ropes and lines that were attached to some floating device on the surface. We swam beneath the massive shadows of the Fit Tún’s floating vessels. Several of them had large nets attached to the vessels and the two of them were forced to alter their rout. Khan navigated the Forbidden Sand like he was a part of the treacherous sea.
Finally, they were clear of the Fit Tún traps and found themselves lurking just beyond the building waves. I felt all my senses come alive as I took in all the Fit Tún trying to act like they belonged in the ocean. I could feel their splashes and smell their blood coursing through their body. Most of the Fit Tún were sitting atop some wooden board and standing on them when the momentum of the wave launched them toward the land. The two of us watched in silence. I wanted to launch myself at them, but dared not move until Khan gave the ok. But then again, what was I waiting for? Khan had just finished explaining to me that we were meant to hunt alone and here I was being a follower.
When I looked over at Khan I realized he was no longer right next to me. He was slowly flicking his tail back and forth, propelling himself a little closer to the oblivious Fit Tún. Khan had already chosen a prey and was stalking his target. I realized I was on my own now. As little as a few minutes ago I would have been terrified by this realization, but now it exhilarated me all the more. I turned my attention back to the Fit Tún and watched as they paddled on their boards and glided on top of the water like they were a pelican skimming the surface of the water. They were grouped to close together that I dared not attack yet. I worked my way a bit closer to the Fit Tún, but was sure to stay low enough in the water so my fin would not give myself away.

Part II: The New Nothing
Another day, the same old thing. Drifting through the world like a ghost; able to watch and see the interactions of others, but not participate. Watching the millions of fish go about their lives; watching the fish play, fight, love, and experience emotion.
I experience emotion as well, but no one, not even my parents, could tell me my emotions are, nor I them. We are as unreadable as a book in the middle of a moonless night.
Over and over my parents have told me this is the way of life, this is the way life is supposed to be for a jellyfish. For me to just accept it and carry out my duties in the ways mother nature and the ocean designed me for. For some reason though, I want more.
I accept the fact that I have very little control over my movements like the other creatures of the sea that zip by me do, but I still long for something to control. I understand that I am destined to float and move with the ocean currents and tide and go wherever Kanaloa, the God of the Ocean, commands.
While I look upon this inability to move about quickly and swim here and there as a handicap all the other jellyfish I know see this as a stroke of great fortune. The elders are always saying that not having to make the decision of where and when to go frees our minds to concentrate on far greater things. My question is what greater things is this?
As far as I know there are no great legends, Gods, or myths about jellyfish. Never do you hear the whispers in the depths of the ocean about the feared jellyfish, or the wise jellyfish, or the brave jellyfish, or even the scared jellyfish. Even a story of a cowardly or evil jellyfish would be something. Instead we are….well just that, we are.
I might be being a bit dramatic. We jellyfish do have a bit of control of our movements. We pulse our body to create movement and control our direction. However, much of the time we don’t bother to do that and just float along.
I remember an argument I once had with a jellyfish that drifted into town on the morning tide. At the time there was a strong ocean current and I wasn’t strong enough to move against it so I was just going along for the ride. Then, as I rode the sea like a leaf rides the wind, another jellyfish drifted up to me.
The stranger drifted beside me and said, “Hello there little one, it’s a strong current today isn’t it?”
Not in the mood for conversation I remained quiet, hoping for a change in the waters to move this stranger away, or myself, for it made no difference to me. The stranger either was not to be deterred or didn’t take the hint. “Why little one, you seem sad, whatever could be the trouble on this day?”
Sensing the fact that this jellyfish wasn’t going to stop asking questions I gave in and answered, “This particular day? Nothing is wrong this particular day, but the problem is life. I am stuck against a piece of coral and will wait for the waters to change pray I don’t get pushed into the path of a creature that will eat me or just kill me for the simple fact that my existence is as annoying to itself as it is to me.”
“That is a lot of negativity to come from such a tiny jellyfish. What could have happened to you to cause such a bleak outlook?”
“That’s the thing, nothing happened to me. Nothing ever happens to me. There is no excitement, no love, no anything. Us jellyfish just drift about until our lives are finished.”
“Wow, that’s a sad view on things. Being a jellyfish is great. We have no cares and literally just go with the flow. Do you know how many creatures would love not have any worries? Plus we have an awesome defense mechanism.”
“What, you mean our stinging tentacles? Sure they’re useful if something is dumb enough to swim into them.” This conversation went on for another hour until the ocean current started to weaken and I had enough strength to swim away. The stranger could have easily kept up with me, but by that point I had broken through his chipper attitude and had put him in a mood not much more improved than my own.
I can’t remember how long ago that was, but really what does it matter? What I said earlier, that today is another day like any other, is not entirely true. Today marks a new low in my life. I am now three months old, nearing the half-way point in my life. That’s right, the life span of a jellyfish is around six months, give or takes. Now that I am in my prime, as the elders like to say, it is time for me to reproduce.
This is something I refuse to do. Not because I don’t wish to, but because by choosing not to is one of the rare things I can control. Jellyfish could have the most impersonal reproduction in the world. Some jellyfish reproduce asexually and those that need a partner aren’t much better. To reproduce the male jellyfish releases sperm into the nearby sea and I am supposed to swim into it and let the sperm into my system to fertilize my eggs. Sad right?
That is where I draw the line. I am sick of the lack of contact and partnership. All I want is to find someone that I can spend time with; that special someone who pushes me and challenges me, that someone who angers me and frustrates me so much that somehow I care for them even more. No, I’m not trying to change our evolution and create a new way for the jellyfish to reproduce. I’m just looking for a mate that is willing to stay with me and be my significant other.
The fact that it is time for me to reproduce is no secret. Constantly I am dodging suitors who fire their sperm at me like I’m a floating target. The last male jellyfish cursed me out for denying him. It’s nothing personal against any of the other jellyfish; they’re just carrying out their nature. I am the strange one, I am the different one.
The day is almost done. I’m tired from my constant swimming, attempting to stay as far away from any other jellyfish as I can. Looking around I realize I’m not entirely sure where I am. The coral formations and ocean floor look different than my normal home. Perhaps in the past this would scare me, but today this was welcoming. A change in scenery might be good for me. It is a large ocean and there might be a group of jellyfish out there that shares my views. I doubt it, but I can dream can’t I? In fact it’s one of the only things I can do.
****
When I woke up I realized something was wrong. I went to sleep in my normal position, by lying as close to the ocean floor as I could. I found a position near two coral heads for cover, but neither is around me now. In fact there’s nothing around me. I am completely in the open. There isn’t a single fish in sight. I have never been somewhere so quiet, so private, and so alone. Instead of feeling scared or nervous I feel….comfortable.
Finally I am in a place that matches how I feel inside. Somewhere that is as lonely as I am. I swim a little ways searching for something but hoping to find nothing; the way guppies' will search beneath its’ bed hoping to find it bare instead of a lurking boogie fish.
My search confirmed my hopes that there is nothing else around. The negative aspects of being alone cross my mind but leave just as quickly. Will I miss my family? What will I do for food? Am I too exposed to predators? How will I find my way home?
The thoughts cross my mind, but I’m too excited by the aspect of the new nothing. In my usual home there are always jellyfish around and when not surrounded by other jellyfish I’m fighting my way into a clump of plankton or trying to sneak up on something so pathetic to get eaten by a jellyfish. The day that others say are freed up by not having to worry about movement is instead filled with battling for private space and food. Sure food will become a problem in the near future but right now I have all the space I could ever want.
I spent the next hour just slowly swimming. I let my tentacles drag across the sand on the ocean floor. The sand is whiter than the sand I am used too and much more fine. My tentacles pull through the sand with little resistance.
As I continued to explore my new nothing I feel something I have never felt before; hunger. In the past I have always eaten because there was nothing else to do or it was just time to eat. I never ate because I wanted to or because I was hungry. In my typical day there was little to pass the time other than searching for food and eating.
I looked all around me and still there was nothing. Still, instead of worrying I felt enthralled at the idea of a challenge. Something that I actually not only want to, but need to do. I decide to swim for ten minutes in one direction and if I don’t see any signs of food I will swim ten minutes in another direction.
As I search the ocean floor for anything to eat I start to feel something else other than hunger. This feeling is much more familiar. It’s the feeling of being watched. I have experienced this feeling much lately given the fact that all the male jellyfish know I am fertile and am a target for their seed. Those stares I am used to, but the feeling of being watched now has a completely different purpose. I don’t know how I know that, but I just do.
I pulsed my body slightly in order to look to the left and saw a dark figure moving toward me. I turned looking for a place to hide but the Nothing that had been my paradise a few minutes ago now seemed to be my doom.
There was nowhere for me to go, and thank to my stupid jellyfish body I doubt I could outrun whatever was coming at me. I turned back toward the dark looming creature and saw it was nearly on top of me. In fact it was on top of me. The darkness had enveloped me, but there wasn’t anything physically there.
It looked like a single cloud had blocked out the sun on an otherwise cloudless day. That’s when I realized that the darkness was coming from above me. I slowly lifted my eyes, hoping that by the time I looked upward whatever was causing the darkness would disappear by the time I looked up. This did not happen.
My sight was greeted by a massive round figure. The way it hovered above me I thought of those stories I heard. The ones about the Fit Tùn and some kind of feared ship that glided atop the water like the looming presence of death ready to take you from the waters. This was no ship though, this was something far worse. Emerging from the shape was four flippers and a long neck. The sun shining through the water blacked out any distinguishing features.
Despite this I knew what was hovering above me. I had seen several before but never one this big or this close. It was a massive sea turtle. As the turtle started to descend on top of me its’ features started to become clearer. I could see the underbelly of the sea turtle and its’ unique skin pattern. Its’ head was looking down at me and my eyes focused on its’ lazy eyes that gave the appearance that it was half asleep.
Sea turtles are known to eat jellyfish myself and the other jellyfish always did our best to avoid them. I had his from them several times, but I was never close enough to be in any real danger. Plus at the time there were a lot of other things for the turtle to eat over some jellyfish. As dull as we are in life I couldn’t fathom the idea that we would tasted all that good.
Now this turtle was looking directly at me and there was nothing to hide behind or any other option for a meal. It is well known that a jellyfish’s best, and pretty much only, defense was our stinging tentacles but was not known is the effect it has on turtle. The fact that turtles ate jellyfish gave way to the thinking that our stings had no effect on them. Even if they did I doubted a sting that I could produce would have any effect on something that big.
I started to think the turtle was going to continue lowering itself on top of me until I was squished beneath it, but then it quickly shifted direction and was face to face with me.
I wasn’t frozen in fear or anything, I just didn’t see the point in running. My new nothing offered no shelter and there was no way I could out swim the gargantuan turtle. Instead I just watched the turtle hover in front of me and thought to myself; at least I’m experiencing something new and exciting and not just waiting for my life to come to an end as I produce more jellyfish eggs that will carry out the same fate as everyone else.
The turtle and I just sat there starring at each other for what felt like hours, but was probably only a few seconds. After another minute of silence I couldn’t take it anymore. “So can we get on with it?”
The turtle slightly cocked its head to the side and in a slow voice that sounded as deep as the Marina Trench answered, “Sure, we should definitely get on with it before time is up. Even for us Sea turtles that live long lives time is still valuable and easily wasted. By the way, what is it we should be getting on with?”
I couldn’t tell if the turtle was messing with me or not. “You know, eating me. Aren’t you going to eat me?”
“Eaaat Yoouuu?” He spoke so slowly that it sounded like all his words were extended. “Nooo. I never liked the taste of jeelllyyfish. Plus I’m too old to try and eat living things. Instead my diet consists of plants and seaweed. Might not be as good tasting as fish and other things but it’s sure a lot easier to catch and cheeww.”
I didn’t believe the turtle completely, but I noticed that my gelatouness body released some of the little tension that it could hold. “Well then what do you want?”
“Hmm. I’ve been around for a long time and am lucky enough to say there isn’t many things left that I do want. I’m more curious about you and what you want.”
“What do you mean?’
“Weelll I was watching you for a while and I’m very intrigued by you. First of all there aren’t many jellyfish around here. In fact there isn’t much of anything out here. Second of all instead of seeming lost or confused you look to be excited to be in this lonely place.”
“And what business is that of yours? It’s a big ocean and there’s no restriction on where I can and where I can’t go.”
The turtle let out a grunt that I couldn’t tell was one of annoyance or amusement. Either way I told myself that this turtle could easily kill me even if he wasn’t planning on eating me. “That’s very truuue.” The turtle said. “I don’t mean to pry. It’s just that I’ve seen a lot of things in my life and this is a first.”
For some reason I started to believe this turtle really wasn’t going to eat me. The way he spoke seemed to be gentle and kind and something about his eyes relaxed me. “I’m sorry to be so defensive.” I can’t believe I’m apologizing to a turtle, let alone talking to one. “Honestly I don’t know how I ended up here, but being here just feels…”
“Riighhtt.” The way the slow voice said this I couldn’t tell if that was a question or statement.
“Yeah, it does. Do you know anything about jellyfish?”
The turtle lifted his head looking up as if he could find the answer up there. After looking toward the surface for a minute he looked back at me. For a moment I thought he hadn’t heard the question or didn’t plan on answering it, but then he said, “Hhmmm, jellyfish, jellyfish. I know a few things, but why don’t you humor an old turtle and tell me what you want me to know.”
I don’t know why, but this answer made me feel even more comfortable. “Well our lives are pointless. We just drift around, give birth, and die. There’s no relationship, no choosing our partners, no anything. It’s the same routine day after day. I just…I just….”
“Wanted something neewww.” This time I knew that wasn’t the question. The turtle knew exactly what I was trying to say even when I didn’t. This creature that I’ve been told to fear my whole life understood me more than my family or any other jellyfish ever had.
“How did you know?”
“Ha-ha.” The turtle’s laugh reminded me of the sound of waves crashing. “Because my dear, I too am searching for the same thing. I have seen many things and been many places. I am very old yet I still have enough strength to get around and with that strength comes an endless thirst for knowledge and as you so eloquently put it, something new.”
“How old are you?”
Again the turtle looked up and when he looked back down and his eyes were narrow slits. “You know, I’m not sure. The last time I remembered celebrating my birth I think it was when I turned 70 and that was a long, long time ago.”
“So what are you doing out here?”
“I have spent many years living and traveling with other turtles. I raised a family that now has a family of their own. In fact their family might have a family of their own now. Anyway, after a time of living in a bale of turtles I wanted to try and live solo. Well I did that for a time, but grew bored of living in the same area. That’s when I decided to just swim. Soo I kept swimming with no point or destination in mind. And let me tell you I’ve experienced more just swimming than I ever did when I had a plan. So now I’m here and the wonders continue. For instance I just came across a lone jellyfish in the unlikeliest of areas.”
“That sounds just like what I want. Well, I haven’t experienced all that you have and my life span is..well it’s a lot shorter and I don’t have a family, but other than that I completely understand you.” The turtle started to chuckle and I felt my tentacles rubbing against each other in a kind of embarrassment. “I’m sick of the daily grind and I just want see new things I don’t want to be forced into a life that is like every other. You know I don’t even know your name.”
“Mmyyy name iiisss Ka’ahele, but you can call me Ka. Might I inquire yours?”
“It’s Imi.”
“Interesting. Do yoouuu know the meaning of your name?”
“No, why do you?”
“No, no. I was just curious. It’s an unusual name.” The way he looked made me think he wasn’t being entirely truthful, but I didn’t see the point in pushing the subject. “Well Ka, meeting you has been an eye opening experience and I’m inspired.”
Ka turned his head to the side. The current started to pick up and push us, but neither of us cared. We were two travelers with no destination in mind and for once I believed the current would lead me somewhere new. “Hoowww is thaatt?”
“I’m going to do what you’re doing. I’m just going to swim and embrace whatever comes into my life. Every day will be something new. It has been a pleasure meeting you and I wish you the best on your travels.” With that I turned away from Ka and looked at the open waters. I looked at the seemingly endless sandy bottom and turned to the right, then I turned to the left. I wasn’t scared or nervous to go off, I just didn’t know how to get started. Do I just start swimming? Should I worry about finding food first? What if all that is ahead of me is just the sand bottom of the ocean?
I felt Ka’s eyes still on me, but I didn’t dare turn back around in fear of giving the impression that I didn’t know what to do. Luckily Ka gave me a way out. I’m not sure if he could read my mind or not. “Wait Imi, before you go I have an idea.”
I turned around happy for a reason to postpone my departure and thinking for once my plane body came in handy by hiding my trepidation. Ka continued in a voice that sounded as if he was on the verge of falling asleep, “I was thiinnkiing that you and I could go together. At least for a whiillee.”
This proposal surprised me as much as the first time I saw him. A jellyfish and a sea turtle? Traveling together? That was ridiculous, that was insane, that was unheard of, that was…new. “I’m..I’m not sure. You were just saying how much you enjoyed traveling on your own. I don’t want to get in your way.”
“My dear jellyfish, it wasn’t traveling on my own that I was enjoying it was experiencing something new, and as far as I know a Sea Turtle and a jellyfish traveling together is as new as could be. So what do you say?”
I couldn’t tell if Ka was being sincere or if he was really taking pity on me. Either way beginning my new life with a little company didn’t sound too bad at all. “Ka, I would love to travel with you.”
****
After we agreed to travel together Ka suggested that we begin in the morning. Ka showed me how to dig in the sand and create some cover so we weren’t completely exposed while we slept. When we got up I felt hunger pains that I had never experienced before. Again, I was thrilled with the new feeling. Ka showed no signs of hunger either because he wasn’t hungry or the pains of hunger was nothing new to him and was as common a feeling as that of the ocean current.
We started swimming with no set destination. Ka was in the lead and I followed. After a couple hours of swimming the hunger pains became old and were no longer a welcome feeling. I would have done anything to get something to eat. Plankton, a fish, even another jellyfish (sick I know, but hey that’s Mother Nature), anything. I didn’t want to pester Ka, but I could feel myself weakening and I started to have trouble keeping up.
Ka must have noticed this because just as I was about to say something he stopped and turned toward me. “Oh Imi, you must forgive an old turtle I’m afraid I need to find some food if I’m to go on any more. Do you mind?”
I could tell Ka could have continued on like this for several more hours without stopping and he was merely saying this on my account. “Sure, to tell you the truth I’m getting a little hungry myself. Although there doesn’t seem to be anything to eat.” I looked around in all directions and saw nothing edible. Instead of just plain sandy bottom there were now rocks and brain coral, and other coral formations but nothing worth eating.
Ka turned away without answering and swam up to the closest coral. It was several pieces of Pillar Coral that was growing from the ocean floor. Their formation resembled a Fit Tún’s fingers sticking straight up (or so I imagine from stories I’ve heard). Ka swam right up to them and took a massive bite out of one. I looked on with complete shock. “You’re eating coral?” I asked.
With a mouth full of coral and still chewing he turned back toward me and mumbled, “Of course. Pillar Coral are one of my favorites. Plus you have to make do with what you have and there aren’t a lot of other options around.”
Eating coral was the last thing I wanted to do. I couldn’t believe it but I found myself longing for my old home where there is plenty of real food and the feeling of hunger was as foreign to me as a scratch. Ka turned back to me and gestured with his head for me to join him. “Oh, on second thought I’m not too hungry. I never like to swim on a full stomach.”
Ka seemed to shake his head just a little then turned back to the coral for some more. After a couple more mouthfuls we continued on our way. At the beginning of the trip I looked at every little thing I saw taking in all the new sights, but now I could only focus on the horizon, hoping that something worth eating would appear. There was nothing.
Ka and I talked a little and I learned about the life of a Sea Turtle. I was most fascinated by their longevity, and he was just as interested by our concise life span. Ka presented a new way of looking at the life of a jellyfish that I had never seen before. Ka explained that the six month average lifespan of a jellyfish was a beautiful thing. With such a short life, he explained, everything is precious; nothing should be taken for granted. He went on to say every day was something special because it was rare.
After this we swam along in silence and I started to feel a new pain, longing. This new feeling didn’t bring any excitement. Thoughts of hunger started to fade and were replaced by thoughts of my jellyfish friends and family. Correction, former friends and family. They were gone and I was on my own now. At least I had Ka.
The sun was starting to set and with it I felt the change in tide. The change coincided with a change in the weather. A storm seemed to appear as suddenly as a Barracudas’ bite. I could feel the ocean swaying in each direction and pulling me along with it. Ka was unaffected and continued on as graceful as ever. I however was forced to use all my strength to fight the push and pull of the water. The fight was sapping my strength and I knew it would be a matter of minutes before I was taken by the current like a broken off piece of seaweed.
Again Ka came to my rescue. “This might be a good time to stop.” He said.
My pride wouldn’t allow me to admit that I needed this reprieve as much as I needed anything. “If..If you want. I mean I guess we can.”
“Thank yooouu.” Ka drifted to the ocean floor and used his head and front flippers to push up a pile of sand. He gestured for me to float down and brace myself against the sand. Once I did he swam to the other side of me and lay down. This formed a protective field from the raging waters with a border on either side of me blocking the current. “What about you?” I asked.
“Ha-ha. I’m too biiiggg for this swell to puushhh meee around.”
It only took me a few seconds to fall asleep. That night I had dreams of my old home. Dreams or nightmares, I couldn’t tell the difference anymore. When I woke up Ka was gone from his spot. This brought another new feeling that I didn’t like, panic. I wouldn’t last a second out here without Ka. I shot up off the ocean floor and spun in a complete circle. It took me a second complete spin to see him swimming toward me with something in his mouth. He dropped it at my tentacles and I saw it was three tiny fish.
“I found some breakfast for you.”
All attempts of keeping my pride flowed out of me like the lowering of the tide. “Oh thank you Ka! I was so hungry. I…” I couldn’t even complete my thanks because before I knew it I was gobbling up the fish. When I finished I was horrified at the idea that I didn’t offer any to Ka. When I asked him he assured me he had eaten while I was asleep. I’m not sure if I believed him but I didn’t put up much of an argument.
Once I finished Ka asked if I was ready to continue. Not trusting that I had the strength to say yes I used my tentacles to say I was. Again Kat took the lead and when I went to follow I realized my body wouldn’t move. Ka must have sensed it too for he turned back to look at me. “Ka, I’m so sorry, but I don’t think I can do this. I thought this lifestyle was all I wanted but now I realize it’s not for me. I’m starving, scared for my life, and, I can’t believe I’m saying this, but I miss my fellow jellyfish. I miss the routine, I miss battling with other jellyfish to get to food that I know will be there. I miss the taste of the sweet creatures that live in the coral near us, and I (laughing to myself) miss all the males trying to court me. I want a family Ka. I never knew it until now, but I do. I want to bring some tiny jellyfish up in this world. I want to teach them about life and I want to tell them about you Ka. I want to tell the story of the great Sea Turtle that befriended a jellyfish and saved my life and took me on an adventure.” Ka smiled at this. “I just want to go home, Ka. My life is too short to shorten it out here. We jellyfish aren’t meant for this, and there’s nothing wrong with that. We all have our purpose and now I know what mine is.”
I don’t know what I expected Ka to do or say. Would he be angry for wasting his time with me? Would he be glad to get rid of me? Maybe he would start laughing at my weakness, or worse, pity me. What I didn’t expect was for him to turn away and start swimming.
“Ka! Wait!” I called. “Please, can you help me get home? I know it isn’t fair of me to ask you this, but I need you.”
Ka slowed and looked back at me. “Little one, you arrre hooommme.” He stopped and floated to the bottom and waited for me.
“What do you mean I’m home?” Ka didn’t answer, only continued to stare with that kind, knowing look. I swam up to him and realized that we were sitting on top of a wall with a drop off. Around 60 feet below us was a forest of coral and reefs. There were bright color fish swimming everywhere. Dashing this way and that; playing games, building homes, searching the ocean floor, and hunting for food. Hovering above this plethora of activity were dozens of jellyfish.
These weren’t just any jellyfish, these were my jellyfish. My friends and family. Any other sea creature would find it impossible to tell the difference between any jellyfish, but I knew. They were doing the same thing they were when I left them, but somehow not the same thing. The jellyfish that were playing looked to be playing in a new way, the ones eating looked to be savoring their food in a way I had never seen before, and the ones just floating seemed to be floating as if they had just discovered the ability.
If jellyfish could express emotion I know it would be pouring out of me. Even though we gave no sign of our emotion somehow Ka knew exactly what I was thinking. “Welcome home, Imi.” He said.
“Ka, how did you? How did we get….? I don’t under… thank you.”
“You’re welcome. As to the questions you’re trying to ask, I told you…I’vebeeennn around forrr aa loonngg tiiimmmeee.” Ka seemed to stretch this out even more than usual as if to emphasize his point. “Do you think this is the first time I have come across some sea creature that thinks they are sick of their lives and want some kind of change?” Ka chuckled to himself. “Although I will admit this is the first time it was a jellyfish. Anyway, at some point or another everyone gets tired of their lives and seeks a change. It’s only a select few that really want to get away from what they have. When you’re up close to something it’s hard to appreciate it’s beauty, but when you take a few steps back you can take in the whole thing and really see how beautiful it is. Do you understand?”
I didn’t say anything, I didn’t need to. If Ka had told me this a day ago I wouldn’t have understood, but now we both knew I did. Then something occurred to me. “Ka, what about you? You said everyone gets tired of their life for a time, but most end up missing it, haven’t you ever missed your life? You said you had a family, what about them?”
Ka’s pleasant mood seemed to immediately darken. His old eyes that were usually filled with a playful curiosity were now round orbs of pain. Instantly I feared I had overstepped my place and asked something I shouldn’t have. “Ka, I’m sorry. It’s none of my business and you’ve already done son mu..”
“No, you have a right to know. The truth is I spend every day of my life missing my family and the bale I traveled with. I may be ancient compared to you and other sea creatures, but to sea turtles I’m just leaving my prime and when I left I was a young, naïve turtle. When I left my family had moved on to live their own life and I felt that I didn’t have a place in it anymore. So I wanted to try and find a place that I felt needed. It didn’t occur to me that I was already in that place until I was so far away that I couldn’t find my way back. Since that day of realization I have spent every day of my life just swimming, helping any sea creatures in need I see, and hoping that I find my family again. The problem is it’s a very large ocean. I live a long life so eventually one quest will come to an end; either my life or my search.”
For a moment I forgot all about my family and friends that lay so close to me. “Oh Ka, there has to be something I can do. Come with me, we’ll help you search, or you can even stay with us. The others may be a little scared at first, but I promise they’ll accept you and you can be happy with us.”
The color in Ka’s eyes seemed to brighten and I could tell his spirits started to brighten. “Oh little one that’s a very kind offer, but you and I both know this isn’t my place. This is your place. I have faith that I will find my family again just as I have faith that you will create your own family and be very happy.”
I looked down on my old home and felt a stirring inside. I could feel my tentacles getting excited and I even heard my stingers buzzing which tends to happen when I get really excited.
“Anyway,” Ka continued, “Every creature I help gives me purpose and makes me feel better. If I’m destined to wander the vast ocean and do nothing else I will die a fulfilled turtle and in the end that’s all you can ask for. Now, get going for life is short and you have much to see and dooo.”
I took one final look at Ka for what I knew would be the last time. I wanted to embrace him in some way, but that’s not what jellyfish do. Instead I settled with another thanks and a nod from Ka. Without another word I swam down the cliff toward my home. As I neared I heard the buzz of all the jellyfish going about their business. Everything seemed new and exciting and I couldn’t wait to embrace it all. I couldn’t wait for my old new.

Part III: The Wreck
“Ok everyone that’s all for today. Enjoy your weekend and stay safe.” Trapper’s teacher, Mr. Onty, dismissed the class. Trapper was ready to face another weekend alone, doing nothing. Trapper didn’t have any friends. Sure some fish were nice to him, but that’s it. He couldn’t call any of them friends. Friends was way too strong a word, acquaintances worked better.
Then there were the other fish, the ones that didn’t fit under the term acquaintances either. They fit into a category Trapper’s mother didn’t allow him to use. Those fish picked on him and made fun of Trapper all the time. The worst part was Trapper couldn’t blame them. After all, he stood out like a Fit Tún in the middle of the ocean. In this reef community Trapper was the only Puffer fish (other than his mom).
Even in a community where there are a plethora of Puffer fish they are still looked on as a joke, but when there are only a few, they’re as easy to laugh at as toothless shark (although Trapper still thought the idea of a toothless shark was rather scary).
The other fish at school loved to hide behind a reef or bury themselves in the sand and lie in wait for Trapper to come by. Once he’s close enough they would jump out at him and scare him, forcing him to blow up. Once blown up it would take him several minutes to calm down and reach his normal size.
The first couple times this happened Trapper tried to play along and laugh with the others, but no matter how hard he tried those laughs would turn into sobs and that just encouraged the others even more. Trapper couldn’t help it, if he wanted to he could lay some of the blame on his mother for coddling him when he was no bigger than a guppy. Trapper’s father was killed by a Fit Tún’s fishing boat. From what his mother told him the boat appeared out of know where and before they could even react a net dropped down from the boat and ensnared Trapper’s father.
At that point his father did the only thing a Puffer fish can do, he puffed up. Trapper’s father was one of the puffer fish that are poisonous and have barbs that stick out when blown up that will protect it against other creatures. Trapper’s mother was a non-poisonous puffer fish and of course Trapper took after his mother. Either way, as Trapper’s mother has reminded him many times over, the protection of toxin isn’t the greatest thing in the world. His father’s barbs did nothing to combat the fisher’s net that was slowly dragging him to the surface and his doom.
It’s during this part of the story that Trapper’s mother loses control and blows up and starts to cry as she explains that there was nothing she could do but watch him go toward the surface like an angel ascending to Heaven. Since that day, and for Trappers entire life, his mother had been very protective of him and turned him into a “Scaredy Balloon” as all the fish at school like to call him.
Trapper always thought if he was only poisonous he wouldn’t be as big a joke as he was, but without the poison puffing up only turned Trapper into a larger target that had the mobility of an anchor.
So when class was let out Trapper was again faced with the task of making it from the crowded part of the reef where school was held to his home sanctuary where nothing could surprise or scare him. Trapper waited for everyone to clear out and stayed put for a bit longer hoping by the time he left the area most of the others would have been off onto better things that didn’t involve picking on Trapper.
Trapper tried to ignore the curious looks Mr. Onty was giving him, but he could see Mr. Onty was getting annoyed and wanted to go home himself. So Trapper prepared himself the best he could and swam toward the exit. Before he left the enclosed area of the reef they used as a classroom Trapper looked in all directions trying to spy any fish lying in wait. Of course this always proved pointless because several fish in his class could change their color to blend into their surroundings (a much better defense than puffing up). When Trapper was as sure as he could be he swam out of his sanctuary considering himself as brave as a dolphin charging a Great White.
His home was located on a completely different reef from where the school was, which was fitting considering Trapper and his mom didn’t fit in. They had moved into the reef about three months ago. Trapper’s mother chose this place for one of the reasons that Trapper is singled out; they were the only puffer fish. After Trapper’s father died many male suitors kept pestering his mother and she showed no interest, still to loyal to his father and afraid to move on. As she continued to turn down their advances they started to get aggressive and once Trapper started to be harassed by these suitors she started to fear for their safety. After some searching she found this reef and the idea of no other puffer fish around appealed to her. The fact that her son would grow up ostracized and made fun of didn’t even occur to her, or made no difference.
Trapper was halfway home when he felt the familiar rush and sensation. He could feel the pressure in his chest and felt all his insides preparing to expand into its’ bulbous self. Trapper closed his eyes and tried to think calming thoughts, doing everything in his power to keep from expanding.
It wasn’t fear or shock that was bringing about this reaction; it was an all-together different kind of excitement. Trapper watched as the most beautiful fish in the school swam along on her own, gracefully weaving in and out of holes in a large piece of coral. Her bright, vibrant yellow color flashed like the sun being covered by a cloud and reappearing over and over in fast forward.
Sole was one of the most popular fishes in the school, probably the entire reef, for several reasons. Not only was she beautiful but she was also smart, funny, and kind. Sole is as rare in the reef as Trapper is. She is one of the only yellow tang on the reef. There are a handful of others, but none are as vibrant and compelling as she. No one could explain why, but she just stood out and in all the right ways, just like Trapper stood out in all the wrong ways.
What mattered most to Trapper, more important than her beauty, was how she treated him. If she wanted to she could treat him like waist from a parrotfish, but instead she was always kind to him. Not only would she talk to him, but also she did it in public. She would ask Trapper how he was, what his plans were, and for help on some things in class. She even stood up for him from time to time, and whenever she did the other would quickly back down not willing to do anything but please Sole.
The first few times Trapper saw Sole he would blow up faster than if a barracuda was swimming at him. When he managed to control himself at the sight of her, his reactions would start all over again whenever she spoke to him. When she asked if he was ok he would make some excuse like it happened when he went by a particular piece of seaweed that he was allergic to (something that is completely untrue, but one of the benefits of being the only puffer fish is that he could make anything up and he couldn’t be proved false). It took a long time, but he finally started to manage his body whenever she was around, but from time to time he could still feel his body starting to swell, just like he was now.
Trapper opened up his eyes once he felt the internal swelling start to fade. Trapper realized Sole was now swimming away from the coral and was on her own pecking at the sandy ocean floor looking for something to eat. From somewhere deep inside Trapper he felt a sense of courage that he never felt before. This internal feeling was completely new to Trapper and as surprising as anything he had ever experienced. As if he was in a dream watching down on his own body act he imagined his body moving without having any control of it. Trapper couldn’t even feel his fin propel him toward Sole.
As he got closer and realized there was nothing he could do to turn back now he kept repeating one thought over and over; just don’t puff up, just don’t puff up, just don’t puff up, just don’t….
“Hello Trapper, I didn’t even notice you swim up.”
Trapper felt his mind return to his body and realized he was hovering next to Sole, but still had yet to say a thing. Great start, he thought to himself. Trapper knew he had to say something, but he was afraid that if he opened his mouth he would lose all control. So in a greeting Trapper just smiled.
Sole acted as if this was completely normal. “I was just searching for something to eat. Do you have any plans this weekend?”
“N-n-n-oo.” Trapper managed to stutter out. “D-d-d-oo you?”
“Not really. My parents are out with some clown fish on some swimming trip so I’m stuck home. Are you ready for the pop quiz next week? I hear it’s about blending into our surroundings and avoiding predators.”
“Oh yeah, I got it in the bag. I just need to make sure I always have a bunch of floating balls around.”
Sole started laughing. Trapper hadn’t even meant to tell a joke, but he was thrilled to be the one to cause that sound of laughter that was a beautiful as the crash of waves on a beach. Hearing that sound emboldened Trapper and he felt the inside pressure decrease. “Hey Sole, I was wondering…I mean if you’re not busy….that you and I…we could go for a swim and…”
“SHARK ATTACK!!”
The shout came from just behind Trapper and shocked him so much that he lost all control and instantly expanded. When he expanded he shifted up and lost sight of Sole. For a moment he didn’t have any control of his body and the only thing he could see was the surface. He had no idea if there was a shark behind him large enough to swallow him whole or bite him in half, or worse possibly eating Sole right now as he helplessly drifted nearby.
Trapper tried to get some control by flicking his fin back and forth, but he was too large and didn’t have enough strength yet to control himself while inflated. Trapper gave up and waited for the end of his life or to hear Sole’s sing song voice turn into screams.
Instead he heard the familiar sound of laughter. This laugh was particularly familiar. “What’s wrong with you Corsair? Why do you always pick on him?”
Through spurts of laughter Trapper could hear Corsair answer. “Oh come on Sole. I’m just messing with him. After all he is a big ball of fun. Literally, hahahah!”
Sole quipped back, “Stop Corsair, Trapper hasn’t done anything to deserve this from you or any of your friends. “
Trapper felt as helpless and out of the discussion as if he was a piece of coral. The fact that Sole was defending while he floated around helplessly only caused him more angst, which kept him blown up to the max. To regain control Trapper’s mother taught him to close his eyes and just focus on the current of the ocean. “Let the ocean calm you.” She had said. “Feel the gentle push and pull of the ocean, feel how calm it is. Now say to yourself ‘Tide comes in, tide goes out, tide comes in, tide goes out’ and just keep repeating that until you are calm.”
Originally Trapper thought that was stupid, but it actually worked. Whenever he lost control or was scared he would close his eyes, focus on the swell of the water, and repeated the saying over and over in his head. As Sole and Corsair continued to talk below him Trapper mumbled quietly so neither of them could hear, “Tide comes in, tide goes out, tide comes in.”
“Look!” Corsair shouted, “Fatty’s gone!”
Trapper opened his eyes and felt the pressure flow out of him like he had been holding a breath for as long as he could. Trapper could see Sole was still upset and he wanted to relieve the tension before things escalated. “Ha-ha, good joke Corsair. I didn’t even see you.”
“See Sole, Trapper knows I was just messing with him.”
Trapper tried to give Sole a reassuring look, but it only looked like a he just ate something rotten. Sole could see right through him and could tell his pride was hurt, but she also knew that all he wanted to do was put the incident behind him so she let it go.
“So what are you two doing out here all alone? Were you two looking for a place to make out or something? Ha-ha.” Corsair asked in a mocking tone.
This question nearly caused Trapper to inflate again. Corsair was one of the many fish that loved to pick on him. Corsair wasn’t as mean as some of the others, but he loved to take his shots nonetheless. The strange thing is Corsair really seemed to think that him and Trapper were friends and Trapper did enjoy the jokes he made about him. Corsair was one of the school’s class clowns. Everyone said he was part clown fish but in actuality he was a Squirrelfish. His body was mostly a burnt orange color with some white stripes going down his side. His main distinguishing feature is his large black eyes. His eyes are much too large for his tiny head and body, but for some reason no one seems to make fun of him for it.
Squirrelfish are night fish and like to do their hunting at night. For this reason Corsair is always in the know of places to go and things to do at night which impresses all the other fish in the school. In Trapper’s opinion Corsair has as lame a defense mechanism as he did. Squirrelfish can make different sounds to scare off and defend themselves against predators. They also have razor sharp spines to ward off attackers. Trapper was willing to admit the noise making sound did work to keep things away because Corsair never seemed to shut up and it always made him want to get as far away as possible.
“No we weren’t making out!” Sole shot back defensively. The sound of her voice gave off the tone that she was disgusted by the idea. Trapper felt himself wince at her quick defense.
The three of them were quiet for a moment; Corsair trying to think of another joke, Sole waiting for it, and Trapper not knowing if he should say anything or swim away as fast as possible. Trapper couldn’t take it anymore and was the first to break the silence. “Sole was just telling me what she was up to this weekend. Do you have any plans Corsair?”
“I always have plans. In fact this could be one of the coolest weekends in the history of weekends.”
Trapper saw Sole role her eyes and he was glad to see Corsair’s charm wasn’t rubbing off on her. When neither Trapper nor Sole showed any interest in what Corsair had to say he decided to continue on. “I’ll tell you what, since I’m such a good guy I’ll let you two join me on my incredible weekend. How about it? Do you want to go on an adventure?”
Trapper started stuttering, flipping through different excuses he could use to explain why he was busy, but before he could settle on one he saw Sole move a little closer to Corsair with a sense of excitement radiating off her. “What kind of adventure?”
Corsair gave a sly smile giving the impression that he had cornered his prey and was moving in for the kill. “Oh it’s a good one. I would tell you what it is, but that would ruin the suspense. Instead meet me by the Black Rock tonight.”
“The Black Rock!?” Trapper nearly shouted. The other two turned to face with a look of surprise. Trapper assumed they forgot he was even there. “We’re not allowed to go near the Black Rock, especially at night. That marks the end of our protective zone and where the large predators like to lurk.”
“Just to let you know Trapper, in order for it to be an adventure you need to take some risks. Don’t worry about it though I don’t expect you to go. I’m surprised you can even say Black Rock without blowing up.” Corsair looked to Sole for a round of laughter, but was greeted with a disapproving look.
Trapper was about to agree with Corsair. He would never dream of going to the Black Rock and even if he did his mom would filet him. There was no way in 100 years he would go…
“Trapper is braver than you think. We’ll both meet you there tonight. Right Trapper?” Sole asked.
“That’s right, I’ll be there.” Oh my God, what am I thinking? I can’t do this.
Corsair gave a look at Trapper, which made him think he knew exactly what he was thinking. “All right then, I’ll see you both in a few hours. Don’t keep me waiting or I’m going without you.”
****
That night Trapper hardly said a word to his mother. He kept playing out the events from after school. He couldn’t figure out how he got wrapped up in this adventure. The most exciting thing he had ever done was try a new route to get home and changed his mind when he was half way there. When he told his mom he felt so guilty and nervous that he blew up. When his mom asked him what caused it he came up with the excuse that there was a quiz next week he didn’t think he was ready for.
Lying in his bed he considered just staying there at least a dozen times, but every time he thought of Sole standing up for him and the idea of disappointing her and proving Corsair right was worse than getting eaten on this adventure.
When it was dark enough Trapper cautiously peeked his head outside the reef making sure there was no one around. After checking and double-checking he left his room. The swim to the Black Rock took around ten minutes, but in the dark it felt like he was trying to swim around the globe. When he neared the Black Rock he heard Corsair and Sole laughing. Trapper was almost positive they were laughing at his expense. When he came into sight Corsair stopped laughing and looked shocked. Trapper thought that look already made the trip worth it. Sole smiled at him.
“Well,” Corsair said. “Now that we’re all here let’s get going shall we?”
“Where are we going?” Trapper asked.
“All right I guess I’ll let you know the surprise. I heard from a friend that three reefs away and over a wall is a wreck. One of the Fit Tún’s ships. From what I hear it was some supply ship that they used to transport things across the ocean. This wreck supposedly sunk no more than three days ago, so I bet we can find some good things in there before some scavengers come around or something makes it their new home.”
This time Sole had a look of fear on her face that matched Trapper’s. “Are you crazy? Going near anything that belongs to a Fit Tún is a death wish. If swimming all that way out to the wreck doesn’t kill us then that ship will become our grave for sure. I can’t believe I came out here, I’m going home.”
Trapper felt relief wash over him. He was thinking the same thing, but he was thrilled that he wasn’t the one to say it.
Corsair wasn’t going to give up that easily though. “How many fish do you know that went into an actual Fit Tún ship? None, because they’re all too scared.” Or smart, Trapper thought to himself.
Corsair must have prepared for this skepticism because he seemed to have a whole speech ready. Basically he went on and on about living life to the fullest, taking chances, being bold explorers and leaving their mark. All Trapper heard was “living” and “life”. Both he thought would come to an end if they went to the Fit Tún ship. Apparently Sole heard a bit more of Corsair’s speech because she had a change of heart.
“All right, I’m in. Trapper, you’re coming too right?”
Tide comes in, tide goes out, tide comes in. “I-I-I don’t know. I’m not sure if this is such a good idea.”
“See? I told you he would back out, Sole. Some fish just aren’t cut out for adventure.”
“Trapper’s not backing out, are you?” Trapper could hear the hopefulness in her voice. For some reason she wanted him to come along. He could easily turn around and swim home. The only thing he would lose is the respect of the only fish that was nice to him. Not too large a loss considering there were about three hundred other fish that already laughed at him. The other thing would be for him to go and probably wuss out later. At least that would mean I would be with Sole for a bit longer and Corsair wouldn’t be alone with her.
“All right, I’ll go.”
Once they were all agreed they took off, Corsair in the front and Sole and Trapper following close behind. Trapper had never been past the Black Rock before. His mother had taken him out there before to show him the limit of the reef. The point was to show that anything past that point meant death. Now he was way past that point. Corsair had said they would be swimming past three other reefs, but they never saw them. Corsair assured them they were there but it was too dark to see.
The next point they came to was the wall. A wall is a point in the ocean where the bottom drops off and goes down thousands of feet. Trapper heard that at the bottom of the wall were all sorts of strange creatures each more dangerous than the next. As they swam over the dark descending hole Trapper imagined all kinds of things swimming up to drag them to the bottom of the ocean floor. It was a miracle Trapper made it over the empty space without blowing up.
When they made it to where the ocean floor was level again Corsair assured them they were almost there. Trapper noticed his breathing was uneasy, like one of his gills had closed up. Next to him he heard Sole gracefully swishing her tail back and forth like they were out for a swim just around the reef. Trapper focused on her calming presence and felt himself start to breathe normally.
The three of them swam farther still into the black abyss and Trapper started to feel a sense of hope. Maybe there was no ship; maybe it was just some story. They would swim a bit farther, realize there was no ship and head home. “
“Is there even a ship out here or is this some kind of joke?” Sole asked, seemingly reading Trapper’s mind.
“Oh it’s out here.” Corsair assured her. “I heard about it from a reliable source. I heard it from that old eel, Mandin.”
“Mad Mandin!?” Sole exclaimed. “He’s crazy! He’s always telling stories and tall tales.”
“That’s not true, he travels all over the ocean and he knows more than anyone I know.”
“Mad Mandin went around telling everyone he saw sea turtle traveling with a Jellyfish. How ridiculous is that?”
Despite all his fear Trapper started chuckling. The idea of a Jellyfish and a sea turtle in the same facility is crazy enough, but the idea of them traveling together?
“Hey, if Mandin said he saw it then he saw it, and I will bet my right fin that there’s a wreck out here.”
“If we don’t see some sign of a wreck in the next few minutes Trapper and I are heading home and leaving you out here all alone.” Trapper had never hoped for anything so much in his life before.
“You’ll see, it’s out here.”
As soon as Corsair stopped talking Trapper saw a large shape forming in the darkness. It was still too far away and too dark to make out any features, but it was large and unlike anything he had ever seen before. As they swam closer he waited for Corsair to start bragging, but even he was speechless and Trapper glanced over at him and thought he saw a look of fear. Sole had a look of fear as well, but she also had a look of excitement as well.
Now they were close enough to make out several details of the large figure. It was without a doubt a ship. As soon as Trapper realized what it was he quickly expanded, but this time he felt no shame and Corsair didn’t make a single wisecrack. From the look on Corsair’s face he wasn’t expecting the ship to look like it did.
The ship rose out of the ocean floor like it grew there. The ship was lying on the floor perfectly flat like it would if it was sailing on the surface. The ship looked to be about fifty yards in length and twenty yards wide. The bottom was a rusted orange and the rest a dark grey. Near the front of the ship was a closed off cabin where the Fit Tún could control and navigate the ship. Behind the cabin was a large open deck. On the deck were twin towers of metal that went off on each side of the ship. Old ropes and wires ran between the two towers. Scattered around the ship were bits of metal and junk that looked to be a part of the ship. On the side of the ship was some Fit Tún writing in bold print, but none of them could read it. Right in the middle of the ship was a large hole. Trapper could see right into the ship and saw a few rooms and places the Fit Tún could go to for cover.
Trapper could see the ship sailing on top of the ocean and pictured a bunch of Fit Tún crawling all over it, probably using the ship to hunt and kill hundreds of innocent fish. Trapper realized he was still expanded and figured even if he said his calming phrase over and over a hundred times it wouldn’t do any good. He wasn’t even sure if he would ever go back to his normal size.
“Well?” Sole asked. “Are we going to go investigate it or just gawk at it?”
Trapper turned his swollen body toward Sole, not believing what she just said. It looked like Corsair hadn’t heard her as he continued to stare at the ship as if he was hypnotized.
“Come on you guppies.” Sole sang as she started swimming toward the ship. Corsair’s trance seemed to break and he shouted for Sole to wait up and went swimming after her. Trapper was left to watch them swim toward the ship that would haunt his nightmares for the rest of his life. Every fiber in his body was urging him to turn around, but there were a couple problems. First, in his state he would be able to swim as fast as a sea cucumber. Second, he wasn’t sure he could find his way home.
As much as he hated to admit it his best chance of survival was to stay with Corsair and Sole. Once he made this decision Trapper could also hear a tiny voice in his head saying that if he left Sole and something happened to her he would never forgive himself. Once Trapper made the decision he felt better and he felt himself returning to normal. Once he was back to his normal size he took off after Sole and Corsair.
When he reached them they were already hovering over the open deck of the boat. There was little rust on the boat from the ocean, so Mad Mandin must have been telling the truth that it just sunk. In a matter of a few days Trapper was sure there would be all kinds of fish and sea creatures that would turn this wreck into a reef and make it their new home. Trapper knew from his mother that evil follows evil. She had told him about wrecks before and that he should avoid them at all costs. She explained that the Fit Tún are considered the most dangerous things to ocean life and anything they touch is designed to bring death. This included the ships they used to travel on top of the seas. She had told him that once they were wrecked and on the bottom of the ocean, of no use to the Fit Tún anymore, they were still dangerous. She told him that the wrecks attracted some of the most dangerous sea creatures; sharks, rays, squid, eels, lionfish, and barracuda. Something about the lingering presence of the Fit Tún attracted these aggressive creatures. If this was an older wreck Trapper doubted Corsair would have dared to come investigate the wreck. There was no guarantee that the wreck was still uninhabited.
After they circled the wreck a couple times, neither of them saying a word either too infatuated with the wreck or scared to make a sound, Trapper hoped the other two’s thirst for adventure was filled and they would head home. Then Corsair seemed to regain some of his bravery. “Let’s go inside.”
Trapper stopped dead in the water. “No way, this is getting crazy. We are pushing our luck. Let’s just go home.”
“No way! When will you get a chance like this again? Even if we came back tomorrow night there will likely be some predators lurking around. We have this whole wreck to ourselves.
“We don’t know that. There could be anything inside just waiting for us.”
“I have to agree with Trapper, maybe we should just go home. I don’t think going inside is such a good idea.” Sole said. Her singsong voice was barely above a whisper but Trapper could still hear how uncomfortable she sounded. “Besides, if anyone finds out what we’re up too or where we went we’ll be in massive trouble.”
“Come on Sole, I expected this from the inflating ball, but not from you. I thought you were cool, but it turns out you’re just another lame fish.”
Trapper could deal with insults directed at him, but for the first time he felt anger boiling inside him. This wasn’t the feeling of blowing up, but the feeling of increasing anger and bravery. “Shut up Corsair! Don’t you dare say another word about Sole. She is a braver fish than you! I saw your face, I saw how scared you were when we first saw the ship. Was I scared? Yeah, I was…am scared. I’m scared of a lot of things, but at least I don’t pretend to be something I’m not, like you. If you were so brave you would have come out here on your own, but instead you had to get us to come with you. If we didn’t come along I doubt you would have ever made it out here. Now Sole and I are going home and if you want to come along you can or you can stay here.”
Corsair was staring at Trapper with his mouth hanging open and Sole had an expression that was a cross between a smile and disbelief. Trapper was about to turn and start heading in the direction he hoped was home when a light came on inside the ship. The light was coming from the cabin where there was an asset of stairs that led below deck. The three of them starred at the light not daring to move, afraid that if they did the light would illuminate them and whatever was causing the light would come and eat them.
The light flicked to the right and left and back again. Then the light went out. The wreck was again covered in complete darkness. The three of them waited, each holding their breath, waiting for something to happen. When nothing did Trapper realized he was blown up again. He closed his eyes. Tide comes in, tide goes out, tide comes in, tide goes out. When he opened his eyes he was back to normal and was ready to get going, but he realized he was alone.
Panicked, Trapper looked in all directions and then saw Sole and Corsair were swimming toward the cabin. Trapper quickly caught up to them. “What are you two doing? We need to get out of here, there’s something in the ship.”
Sole answered, “Trapper have you ever seen a light like that before in your life? We have to find out what caused it. The light was so beautiful.”
“Sole please, this is a bad idea. Trust me, nothing good can come from this wreck. I don’t know what that light was, but I promise you it can’t be good.”
“I just want to take a quick look and then we go home right away. Please Trapper, I would feel so much better if you were with me.”
Trapper noticed a look from Corsair. Was that jealousy? Was Corsair actually jealous of him? Trapper let out a long sigh. “Ok Sole, I’ll go with you but we’re getting out of here right after ok?”
Sole smiled and moved a bit closer to him. Corsair had turned back to the wreck and was nearly in the cabin. When they entered the cabin there were all kinds of numbers and letters written everywhere, but Trapper had no idea what any of them meant. At the very front of the cabin was a large wheel, which the Fit Tún must have used to steer the ship. Next to it were several levers and an arrow that moved back and forth with four letters surrounded it. Pieces of broken glass was scattered all around the floor.
To the left of where they entered the cabin was an open doorway with a set of stairs that led below deck. Trapper couldn’t see past the first few stairs. It looked darker down there than the deepest part of the ocean. Trapper was drifting toward the stairs, unaware he was even doing so, when the light turned on again.
Trapper managed to control himself somehow and quickly moved away from the staircase. Luckily the light was not directed up the stairs, but seemed to be searching below deck. Then the light started blinking; on and off, on and off, on and off. Then it stayed on for several seconds then it went off and stayed off.
Trapper realized Sole was shaking next to him and then she leaned into him. The contact of her reassured him and he felt calm, all the fear was gone. He couldn’t understand why someone like Sole found comfort near him, but she did and this gave him a strength he never knew he had.
Trapper looked around and couldn’t see Corsair anywhere. “Corsair! Corsair!” Trapper called out. Had something happened to him? Had the light gotten him? Then Trapper saw him. He had hid behind the door. After Trapper called for him two more times Corsair finally came out of his hiding place. Corsair looked embarrassed. Trapper considered saying something about Corsair’s apparent lack of bravery, but he actually felt sorry for Corsair and knew what it was like to be embarrassed and scared better than anyone. Instead he turned back to Sole to make sure she was ok.
The three of them watched down the stairs waiting for the light to come back on, but there was no sign of it. Trapper had a feeling that if he brought up the idea of going home, but for some reason he didn’t want to. Trapper wanted to know what was down there. He knew that if he left now he would spend the rest of his life wondering about the light. Also he felt something changing inside him. In the past several minutes he had experienced more fear than he had his entire life put together, but he had also been braver than he had ever been in his life.
This bravery was entirely new to him and he didn’t want it to stop. If he pushed on he felt in comparison to this nothing back home would scare him again. “Come on, let’s check it out.” Trapper said. Without waiting for a response Trapper went into the doorway and was swallowed by the darkness.
Sole took off after him and Corsair lingered behind a moment longer then slowly started to follow. When they reached the bottom of the stairs it took a moment for their eyes to adjust to the darkness. Being a squirrelfish Corsair had great vision in the dark and he could see best among them. For this reason he had to lead the way even though it was clear he didn’t want to. He led them into a large open. There was Fit Tún belongings scattered all around the place. Near the back of the room was an open hatch that went deeper into the ship.
Cautiously Corsair swam up to the latch and looked down. Trapper swam beside him and looked as well. He saw all kinds of machines, gears, and bolts. Sole said, “I heard about these things. I think they’re called engines. It’s what powers the ship. There’s something down there.”
“She’s right.” Corsair said. “I’m not sure what it is, but it’s not part of the machine. It…it looks like fins.”
“Fins?” Trapper asked.
“Yeah, but not like ours or ones that belong to any sea creature I’ve ever seen before. The fins are bright orange with Fit Tún markings on them. Let’s get out of here, I’m done. I’ll admit it, I’m scared now.”
Trapper was starting to feel more scared than brave now and less brave and was about to agree with Corsair when Sole swam into the engine room.
“Sole don’t!” Trapper called, but it was too late, she was already swimming around the strange fins. Trapper took a deep breath trying to muster all the newfound courage he could and took off after her. When he reached her he saw it looked like all the color had faded from her. She almost looked like a ghost. Trapper followed her gaze and saw what she was staring at.
The orange fins didn’t belong to any sea creature, or at least one he had ever heard of before. The creature was as big as some sharks. It had black skin with blue stripes running down the side and more Fit Tún writing on it. Attached to the fins were two long legs. Its face was a different color; it looked to be the color of sand, with brown hair flowing on top. Its eyes were closed and protected by an outer clear shell that was strapped to its’ head. On its back was some type of vest with a metal cylinder strapped to it. From the top of the metal cylinder were several cords. Three of them were black and one of them bright yellow. At the end of three of the cords were strange devices. The last thing Trapper noticed was a shimmering red mist was coming from the creature’s head.
“What do you think it is?” Sole asked.
“I have no idea.”
“I do.” Corsair said. His voice was faint and trembling. It sounded like he was fifty feet away instead of right next to them. “Mad Mandln explained them to me. It’s a Fit Tún.”
“There’s no way that’s a Fit Tún. They can’t stay underwater. And they don’t have those things on their back or eyes.”
“I’m telling you, Mandin explained them to me. He said he’s seen them several times and looking just like this one. He told me that they wore those suits to protect them from the water. Those things over its eyes are so it can see underwater. Those fins help it move and that thing on its’ back somehow gives it air to breath so it can stay down longer.”
“I can’t believe it.” Trapper heard himself say. He was actually in the same room as a Fit Tún. The three of them stared at the body for a few minutes when Trapper noticed a bit of light. It wasn’t the light they had seen earlier, but a natural light coming from the outside. It was another hole in the side of the boat. This one was much smaller, about the size of two of Corsair’s eyes put together.
Corsair saw the hole too and swam up to it. He was about to look through the hole when a massive shark’s eye appeared in the window. The eye had a long scar running down it. Corsair let out a scream and took off swimming.
Corsair rushed past Sole and Trapper and hit the latch as he exited the engine room. As Trapper stood transfixed on the shark’s eye, which was searching the engine room, he noticed that the latch was slowly closing. He realized Corsair must have bumped the latch, which was slowly shutting. He took off toward the latch as fast as he could.
As Trapper swam he wasn’t thinking. In fact he didn’t even remember moving. To him it’s like he teleported from one place to another. When he reached the latch there was just two inches before it shut and sealed them in there with the Fit Tún for the rest of their lives.
Trapper realized there was enough space for him to squeeze through and he could escape, try and get by the shark, and be home in a couple hours and never leave his mom’s side again. But that’s not what he did. Trapper noticed that Sole was swimming as fast as she could to reach the latch, but she was too far back and wasn’t going to make it before it closed.
Still without thinking Trapper stopped in between the latch and the hinge before it sealed shut. The latch was heavy and smushed him between the latch and its’ metal frame. Thanks to his chubby body the weight didn’t crush him, but it was too heavy to lift. Trapper was stuck.
When Sole reached his side she knew what he had tried to do for her. “Oh Trapper, you should have just kept going. You could have made it out of here and been halfway home. Why did you do that?”
The latch was pushing the air out of him and he found it difficult to speak. “Couldn’t…leave…you. Not…much …help…though.” Even with Trapper’s thick body in between the latch and its’ hinge there wasn’t enough space for Sole to swim through. Sole was just as stuck as he was.
Trapper could see Sole was close to crying. “I always knew how brave you were.” Sole leaned forward and kissed him on the side of the face.
Trapper was surprised to feel anger over anything else. His whole life he had been picked on. Now that he was getting some bravery, done something worthwhile, and been kissed by the girl of his dreams but he was about to die. It wasn’t fair. Trapper’s life ran through his eyes, each scene more pathetic than the next, but he knew if he could make it out of here everything would be different. He would learn to control….That’s it! Trapper thought to himself. “Sole, move back I’m getting us out of here.”
Sole moved back and Trapper closed his eyes. He concentrated and thought of one thing; Sole. He felt the internal pressure rise up in him. He could feel himself starting to expand, and then he felt the block of the latch. He felt the pressure increasing, but there was still no movement. For a second he was afraid he would pop like a balloon being squished, but it was the only thing he could do. He kept thinking of Sole and just when he thought he couldn’t build any more pressure he felt the latch move just slightly.
“You did it!” Sole exclaimed. “Just a bit more!” Trapper continued to expand and felt the latch expand a slight bit more and then a bit more. Trapper couldn’t grow anymore, but there was enough space for Sole to squeeze through. He told her to go through and once she did he said his calming phrase over and over. Once he felt the pressure deflating he moved from between the latch and the hinge, getting out if the way just before it locked in place.
Sole swam up to him and gave him another kiss, this one much longer and on his lips. Trapper blew up again and Sole started to giggle. “Come on Trapper we still need to get by the sharks and go home.”
Once Trapper was back to his normal size the two of them swam back into the cabin looking all over the place for any sign of the shark or Corsair. They didn’t see either. Once they were sure they were safe they rushed out of the cabin and, thanks to Sol’s navigation, rushed home fin in fin.
When they got home Corsair had already spread a fake story about how the three of them went to the wreck and he had tried to save Sole and Trapper but there was nothing he could do. When Trapper and Sole showed up they were quick to tell the true story. Trapper thought his mom was going to be furious, but instead she said she was so proud of him. Any doubts people had about the telling of their adventure didn’t matter to Trapper because he had Sole. Not only that but his courage continued to grow and he was starting to expand on command only. When others couldn’t stare him anymore they lost interest in picking on him and a few even became his friends.
Immediately after the adventure Corsair was mocked at school for making up the story of how he tried to save Sole and Trapper by taking on a shark in a Fit Tún wreck. Trapper never said one insulting word to him and the two actually became close friends. In Trapper’s opinion he never would have found his courage or won the love of Sole without him. Corsair doesn’t mind reminding him of that as well.
Trapper still lost control from time to time, but this is usually caused by a kiss from Sole and Trapper never minded it anymore.

Part IV: The Hook
Mad Mandin weaved in and out of coral formations as he hummed to himself and looked for his next place of stay. Mandin never liked to stay in one place for two long. There were too many things to see and too many fish to meet. Mad Mandin wasn’t like any other of his kind. His family and species always liked their privacy and it was rare to find more than two or three living together at a time.
Mad Mandin also found the life of a moray eel boring. It seemed the only thing they wanted to do was find some crevice to lie in and sit with their head out ready to snap at any fish that went by. Mandin was a bit more curious than other eels. He would swim up to other fish and ask them what they did, how they survived, what they ate, etc., etc.
Mandin had trouble finding out about other creatures though. In the underwater world eels weren’t the most loved creatures. Many fish feared them and others just didn’t like them. Most of the time when Mandin went up to a fish to talk they would swim away as fast as they could. Originally Mandin would chase after them calling out that he only wanted to talk. It didn’t take long for him to realize that chasing after the fish and shouting at them wasn’t doing much to improve his reputation.
Despite some setbacks Mandin wouldn’t quit on his thirst for knowledge. He kept traveling, going from reef to reef, and experiencing all the wonders the ocean has to offer. Mandin had managed to meet some creatures that were real interesting and willing to talk to him. He had met a fish that looked like a rock and could blend in with its surroundings. He had met several octopi that could change color in the blink of an eye. He had even met a vegetarian barracuda (now that was an interesting fellow). Aside from meeting different creatures he had learned a lot. Mandin felt that he had a working knowledge of the Fit Tún far superior than most other creatures. Mandin had even spent time with a White Tip Reef shark. After a time the shark tried to eat him but he still learned some interesting things. Mandin’s social personality was one of the many reasons he was known as Mad Mandin.
Mandin had just left his original reef where he was born. As far as Mandin roamed he always found his way back home for a short stay. He wished he could say he was always welcome back, but this wasn’t the case. In actuality his family probably thought he was stranger than anyone else did. Mandin’s father and mother were as social as a sea slug and whenever he tried to tell them about his adventures they would change the subject or just swim away.
Mandin also had three brothers, and to say he was the runt of the litter would be the understatement of the century. Each of his brothers is considered some of the most vicious eels in the Pacific Ocean. His eldest brother, Grime, even bragged of biting a Fit Tún, but there are some doubts to the truth of that.
Mandin was the youngest of the group and by far the smallest so obviously everyone thought he was a momma’s eel, but even she was put off by his weak status and bit him several times.
Mandin spent three days at home and after his brothers had bit him at least three times each he figured it was time to be off again. On this current trip Mandin had pointed himself out to sea and started swimming. He didn’t know where he was heading, but he figured that if he knew where he was going then he might as well already have been there. It’s this line of thinking that presented another reason why others called him Mad.
Mandin had no idea how far he had swum but he was entering deeper and deeper waters. The farther he went out he could feel the ocean temperature start to drop and the fish changed all around him. Closer to home where all the reefs were it mostly consisted of bright, colorful fish. The farther he went out he noticed the colors to become less vibrant, eventually turning into a uniform silver or grey. The fish also lived in deeper waters and appeared to me much larger.
Mandin was starting to get tired and wanted to find a place to rest, the problem was there wasn’t any place for him to stop. He decided the next fish he saw he would ask about a place to stay. Mandin may be considered mad but he wasn’t crazy enough to sleep exposed in the open ocean.
After a few more minutes of swimming Mandin thought he saw a flash of silver. He strained his eyes, but didn’t see anything. He was about to brush it off as a trick of the imagination when he saw another flash. The flash appeared a few feet below the surface; far too high for a fish around these parts.
Mandin increased his speed trying to catch whatever it was, but whatever it was seemed to be very fast. At first he saw a flash of silver in front of him, but when he started to head that direction he saw another flash to the left. He altered his course, but by the time he did that the flash would appear in the original spot. For a time he thought there were multiple creatures, but as he neared he saw the flashes appeared too close together to be more than one fish.
Mandin felt real tired and could tell even if he were fresh he wouldn’t be able to catch this flashing thing. Still, Mandin persisted. Whatever was causing the flash was luring him like the light from the end of an Anglerfish. He had to find out what was causing the flash.
Mandin paused and looked in all directions. He realized he hadn’t seen the flash in the last couple seconds. Mandin looked all around and even looked behind him. There was no sign of the flash. Mandin figured whatever it was must have been playing around and really turned up the speed quickly fading from his sight. Mandin felt disappointed, but figured there was nothing else he could do except keep swimming.
Just as Mandin was about to take off he heard a young, high-pitched voice behind him. “Are you hunting me? Because if you are you’re doing a pretty bad job and I doubt you would ever catch me.”
Mandin spun around, but there wasn’t anyone there. For a second he thought he was really mad, but then he heard the high pitch laughing again coming from behind him. This time when he spun around he saw a rail thin silver fish hovering behind him.
The fish was probably three feet long and weighed somewhere around 50 to sixty pounds. It’s back was a dark blue and its sides were silver which caused the flash that Mandin saw. There were also some stripes running down his sides. The fish had a large mouth that didn’t seem to fit its body.
During his initial look at the fish Mandin thought it was a barracuda, but upon a closer look he could see there were some differences between the two and this was a species he had never seen before.
Mandin felt a rush of excitement at meeting a new fish and Mandin felt a goofy smile spread across his face. Mandin knew that he had a strange smile and gave the impression he was a little crazy; another reason he was called mad. There was also the fact eels don’t smile which made his even stranger. He knew his smile scared a lot of other fish, but this fish didn’t seem to be scared at all. If anything he seemed just as curious as Mandin was.
“You know I can swim circles around you all day. You’re more likely to eat your tail than catch me.” The fish said in a taunting voice. Mandin could tell from the high pitch voice and inquisitive behavior that this was a young fish.
“Ha-ha, I’m not hunting you. I’m just swimming, but I believe you, you sure are fast. I’m not from around here and I was just exploring.”
“You mean you’re just swimming around in these strange waters?”
“Yep.”
“That’s crazy.”
“I prefer mad. After all, that’s what they call me Mad Mandin. That’s my name. What’s yours?”
“I don’t know, my parents wouldn’t be happy if I talked to every strange creature I see. I shouldn’t even be out here.”
“Mmmm, I see. Well best not upset the parents. You don’t have to tell me your name, but I wonder if you could tell me what you are. I’ve never seen a fish like you before. Are you related to barracuda?”
The young fish started laughing. “Barracuda? No, no. I’m a wahoo. I know what you are though, you’re an eel. If I remember right I’m going to say a moray eel.”
“Well aren’t you as smart as a dolphin. Right you are my friend, but don’t rope me in with other moray’s; I’m a bit…different.”
“That’s ok, I’m different too.” The fish’s excitement faded when he said this and Mandin saw a change in the fish’s persona. It reminded him of having a dream, then waking up to realize it wasn’t real. Mandin didn’t think it would be appropriate to say something so he didn’t ask what the fish meant by that.
“Do you live far from here?” Mandin asked.
Mandin saw that this was another question that the fish didn’t feel comfortable answering so he quickly put the conversation on himself hoping to show that he wasn’t a threat. “I’ve come a long way myself. I don’t even know how far from my home I am. I’ve seen some interesting things on my travels.”
The fish’s mood quickly brightened to its young self. “Really? What have you seen? I would love to go travel, but my parents like to keep me close. If they knew I came out here they would be soooo mad. Luckily I’m so fast that I can go off on my own for a bit and make it back before they even realize I’m gone. I’m the fastest wahoo my age. I’m even faster than some of the adults.”
“I bet you are my young friend.” Mandin had to stifle a laugh; the fish seemed to speak as fast as he swam. “I’ll make you a deal, if you show me a place where I can rest and eat I’ll tell you any story you’d like to hear.”
The fish’s eyes quickly flicked around and for a second Mandin thought he was going to take off, but then he said it was a deal. The fish turned and led Mandin away, steadily going deeper. Mandin had to struggle to keep up, even though it looked like the fish was barely moving his fin. While they swam Mandin told the young Wahoo different things he had seen. He tried to pick out the highlights, but it seemed that any story he told would excite the fish. He told him about eating with a grouper that weighed 500 pounds, watching a Sea Horse race, helping a dolphin free itself from some Fit Tún trash, and a couple of other stories.
There was one story that he was saving to really impress the kid if he had to barter something to get some shelter. The stories he told seemed more than enough to gain the fish’s trust. The fish started to tell him more and more about Wahoo. Mandin learned that the species is known for their speed and strength. They can grow up to eight feet and weigh 180 pounds. The fish told him that despite his young age he is considered a very small Wahoo and most likely wouldn’t grow to be much larger.
Despite the Wahoo’s growing comfort with Mandin he could tell something was still bothering him. When he asked what was wrong the fish told him that he had been away from home longer than he expected and was afraid his parents would be furious. Mandin pondered what that was like. He doubted his family knew if he existed at all, let alone wondered where he went for a few hours. He tried to imagine what his life would be like of is parents cared about him and for the first time he thought he was lucky things were the way they were.
Mandin wanted to give the fish some comfort, but he wasn’t sure how. He may be different but Mandin was a creature that specialized in looking miserable and being a grouch.
For the first time since they started swimming together there was a moment of silence. It didn’t last long. Mandin was about to start another story of his adventures when a high pitch voice that was similar to the young Wahoo’s but with a feminine touch to it, and filled with panic.
Mandin turned around and saw another Wahoo, this one much bigger. This Wahoo must have been around six feet in length. From the young Wahoo’s reaction he could tell this must be his mother.
“Where have you been Kermit?” The larger Wahoo called out, her voice a bit lower, but still high.
Mandin turned to the young wahoo. Laughing he said, “Kermit? Your name is Kermit?”
Kermit looked from the larger wahoo then back to Mandin as if he couldn’t decide whom he should explain himself to first. For some reason he decided to answer Mandin first, “I know, it’s lame. That’s another reason I didn’t tell you my name. What type of sea creature goes by the name Kermit? I guess I could have made something up but I couldn’t think of one.”
“Kermit! Are you ignoring me? Were you by the surface again? I told you never to go there and who’s this?” The larger wahoo fired off questions as fast as Kermit did, if not faster. She swam up directly in Kermit’s face and waited for an answer to one of the many questions she was demanding. It wasn’t hard for Mandin to realize that this had to be Kermit’s mother.
Even though Mandin had never seen a Wahoo before today it wasn’t hard for him to read their facial features and from the looks of disappointment he received from his mother he could tell Kermit was in big trouble. Mandin felt partly responsible for some reason and felt he had to come to Kermit’s defense. “Excuse me.” Both Wahoo turned to him as if they forgot he was there. Kermit looked at him with a mix of surprise and a pleading look that begged for Mandin not to tell on him. Kermit’s mother looked at him with a lot more mixed emotions; there was anger, fear, mistrust, and curiosity. The first of these emotions he had received from his own mother many times before, the other ones were new to him.
“I can explain everything,” Mandin said; trying to come to the aid of the young fish. Kermit’s fin started to move nervously, clearly expecting the worst. “My name is Mandin, but everyone calls me Mad Mandin. Anyway I’m a bit of a traveler and like to go exploring. I became lost and got in a bit of trouble when I saw this young hero right here. You see he was on his way home I assume or something of the sorts when I shouted out for help. Being the clever fish that he is he immediately distrusted me and was prepared to swim away when I explained my perilous situation of being lost without any food and nearly falling asleep while swimming being so tired from my travels. Sharks may be able to sleep and keep moving but we eels have not mastered this trick. I digress, this kind fish offered me a bit of reprieve but he was mature enough not to give away any personal information or turn his back on a stranger. In fact I didn’t even know his name until I heard you shouting it.”
Once Mandin had finished this story, which he thought was relatively the truth with just a few tweaks to the facts, Kermit’s mother looked from Mandin to Kermit and back again. She seemed to know Mandin’s story wasn’t the whole truth, but there was no way she could prove it. Kermit looked at Mandin as if he was about to kiss him.
Finally Kermit’s mother seemed to admit defeat and accepted the story. “Fine, I guess I should say good job Kermit. We’ll still have some things to discuss later, but let’s first take care of ….Mad Mandin you said? Why do they call you Mad?”
“Oh there are all kinds of reasons. One of them was I tried to eat Lionfish just because I was told you can’t. I wasn’t successful, but I was close than any other eel living.” Kermit stifled a laugh and his mother gave Mandin a look as if she didn’t know if he was serious or not.
“Ok then.” She said. “Well it would be rude of me to turn you away after my son has already done so much for you. I can offer you some food and a place to rest, but don’t expect too warm a welcoming; Wahoo’s aren’t the most rusting fish in the sea. My name is Breeze. Home isn’t too far away so you will be able to rest soon.”
****
After a bit more swimming Mandin found himself in an area of the ocean that seemed to have hills. The ocean floor rose and fell over and over. There were large rocks scattered about the area that the Wahoo used as shelter. Breeze led him to one of the smaller rocks and explained that this was their home.
There was probably around forty other wahoo. Each of them gave Mandin a look that was a cross between suspicion and curiosity. None of them were willing to approach him and say anything though.
Mandin was used to all the stares from other fish having traveled in areas where eels weren’t expected or welcomed. At Breeze’s and Kermit’s home they gave some tiny fish and scraps of leftover food that had been left over from a previous meal. After eating Breeze showed Mandin a place he could rest. Not that he could. Since getting to their home Kermit hadn’t left his side continually asking about other stories and places he’s been and seen. Breeze tried to get Kermit to give him some peace but she might as well have tried to stop the tide from changing.
Mandin didn’t mind though, it was rare to find another fish that was interested in Mandin and he enjoyed sharing his experiences. In exchange he asked his own questions and learned as much as he could about Wahoo’s. Mandin learned that Wahoo’s were a prime target for the Fit Tún fishermen. This was the reason Breeze was scared of the surface. This was a prime area where the Fit Tún trolled the water with their fishing nets. He also learned of how they trick fish by placing food on the end of a hook and an unsuspecting fish would eat it and be dragged to the surface.
Kermit pulled Mandin aside and told him this was how his father had died. He explained that before he was born his father had gone off to find some food for his mother and been tricked by the Fit Tún. One of the other fish had seen Kermit’s father being dragged to the surface and tried to save him. Wahoo, Kermit learned, have sharp teeth and if lucky can sometimes chew their way through the fishing line and escape. This particular line that Kermit’s father was attached to must have been extra tough because even with both fish’s efforts combined the Fit Tún was too strong and was pulled into a boat.
“What happens then?” Mandin asked.
Kermit was about to answer when they both saw Breeze was listening in. She had tears in her eyes. In a shaky voice she said, “No one is entirely sure. You see once the Fit Tún captures you there is no coming back. Know fish has ever returned from a Fit Tún boat.”
Kermit interrupted his mother, “Yeah but there’s rumors. I’ve heard some of the kids say that the Fit Tún mount the fish like some kind of ornament in their homes.”
“That’s a stupid story. Who would hang a fish on their wall?” Breeze scolded. “Now go to bed and let Mr. Mad Mandin get some sleep, I assume he’ll be on his way in the morning?”
Mandin could tell this was a hopeful question from Breeze. She had been extremely kind to him but he could tell his presence wasn’t a welcome thing in the Wahoo community and others were starting to whisper about him. This didn’t bother Mandin, but he didn’t want to cause any trouble for Breeze or Kermit. “That’s right; I think I’ll be moving on soon. A lot to see and a lot of time to see it in.”
“Isn’t the expression a lot to do and such little time to do it in?”
“That doesn’t make sense. I don’t know how long I’m going to live and if I don’t know then how can I say if it’s a little time?”
“Then how can you say you have a lot of time?” Kermit asked.
Mandin paused and had to think for a moment. “That’s a very good point my young, speedy, friend. I never thought of it that way.”
“I’m serious; it’s time to go to bed.”
“Come on mom, Mandin is going to be leaving, can’t I hear one more story?”
Mandin and Kermit both looked to Breeze as if they were asking to have desert before dinner. “Fine one more story, but then it’s straight to bed.” Breeze swam away muttering to herself, “They’re all probably made up anyway. Crazy eel exploring the ocean, that’s just not right.”
Kermit turned back to Mandin. “Come on Mandin, one more, and make it a good one.”
Mandin knew exactly what story he was going to tell. This was one of the scariest and most incredible things he had ever seen. It went against what Breeze had said about no fish ever surviving an encounter on Fit Tún ship. Not only did he know about a sea creature that was brought aboard a Fit Tún ship and lived, but also he was there and saw it happen.
“Ok, ok, I got a story for you. This one is incredible, and I swear it’s all true, just like all my other stories.”
“Even the one you told me about tricking a stingray that you were a rare ray from the Atlantic?”
“Of course that was true. Do you want to hear this or not?” Kermit nodded several times and found a spot to sit and listen. Other than when Mandin was telling him a story the fish never seemed to stop moving.
“Five years ago I left home like I usually do and went exploring. As always I had no destination in mind or plans of what I was going to do. I swam for two days passing reef after reef, but not finding anything worth stopping for. Then I saw this lone shark.” Kermit’s eyes grew to the size of a Squirrelfish’s. “This shark was massive, one of the biggest I’d ever seen, but he was also very young. He was a hammerhead shark and from what I knew about hammerheads is they are usually in a group during the day, and hunt alone at night. I was curious why this shark was all alone so I swam up to him.”
“You just swam up to a shark? That’s crazy! He could have eaten you in a second.”
“Another reason they call me Mad. Now I don’t want to keep you in suspense so I’ll let you know now…he didn’t eat me. I announced my presence and the shark actually welcomed me. He was fascinated by the fact that I was a bit of a loaner. I thin he felt a kinship to me and allowed me to swim with him for a time. I learned a lot about Hammerhead sharks and I told him some of my stories, though I was young and didn’t have as many to tell as I do now. Now listen closely Kermit, what I did was very dangerous. Even this shark admitted that any other might have eaten me, and he would have considered it himself except he had just eaten and was full.”
“I heard sharks never get full. That they’re just a mindless eating machine.”
“That’s a terrible myth. Sharks are dangerous but there not mindless killers as some would say. That sounds like a stupid story that the Fit Tún would tell. Well, this shark was quiet pleasant to be around. We swam together for quite a while. I’ll tell you what I felt like Poseidon himself traveling around with this massive shark. I thought I was the luckiest eel in the ocean, but then everything changed. We were in a spot of the ocean with several reefs, but there were very few fish around. We wondered where all the fish where, then out of know where we heard this dull humming sound. Not only could we hear it, but also we felt it. It was a change in the water, not like how the tide changes; more like a vibrating feeling. The sound kept getting louder and louder and the vibrating became stronger. For a moment I thought it was a sea quake, but then I saw it.”
“What? What was it?” Kermit was now floating above Mandin, his fin flicking back and forth as if he was ready to swim right through the ocean floor into the Earth’s crust.
Mandin took a moment before continuing. He acted like he was catching his breath, but Mandin was enjoying Kermit’s anticipation. When he thought the fish was about to explode he continued. “It was the bottom of a Fit Tún boat. I had seen them before and so had the shark I was with so we both knew the danger. The bottom of the boat was white. It wasn’t the biggest boat I had ever seen, but any Fit Tún ship is dangerous. We though the boat going to go speeding by, but then the engine cut off and it came to a stop. I wanted to swim away but the shark was curious and wanted to see what the Fit Tún was doing. Neither of us thought they knew we were there. Then a large net was thrown over the side of the boat. Somehow they knew exactly where we were. That net was thrown right where we were hovering. I don’t know if the net moved through the waster that fast or if both of us were frozen in place, either way we were both caught in the net before we could even think to move. The net wrapped around us and smashed us both together.”
“How did you escape?”
“I’m getting there. At the time I was a small, skinny eel and this was a big thick rope. The netting was large enough for me to fit through and I was able to escape. The shark was much too large. He thrashed all around doing his best to break the ropes that trapped him. The nets had been pulled so tight that he wasn’t able to move his fin and get full strength behind him. I tried to help, honestly I did. I swam up to a part of the net and started chewing at the rope. I bit and chewed and gnawed but it didn’t do any good. The rope was too thick and strong to chew through. Not even the shark could chew through it. Then the net started to be pulled back to the surface, the shark along with it. I kept trying to chew the ropes, but I knew it wouldn’t do any good. The shark told me to swim away and that there was nothing I could do, but I couldn’t just leave him. Instead I just helplessly watched as the shark was pulled out of the water into the boat. It all happened so fast, one minute we were swimming and a minute later the shark was gone. I was terrified and didn’t know what to do. I was about to return home, there being nothing else I could do when I heard a loud commotion from the surface. I looked back up at the ship and saw it was rocking back and forth. I heard metal clanging and screams coming from the boat. Then there was blood, lots of it. I had no idea if it was from the shark or the Fit Tún, but it kept flowing from the boat. Then all of a sudden the shark went over the side of the boat and splashed into the water. I was in complete shock. The shark didn’t move at first and blood was flowing from a massive wound. For a second I thought he was dead, but then his fin slowly started to move. I was in complete shock. I couldn’t believe he had gotten away from the Fit Tún. I swam up to him to see if he was ok, but when I reached his side I became as afraid of him as I was the Fit Tún. In that short amount of time he was on that boat he had become a different animal. The first difference was physical. The wound that the shark received was a massive cut that nearly ran the entire length of its body. The cut was deep and started at his eye and went down to his fin. The cut was so deep I thought the shark would die from blood loss. The next thing I noticed was his eyes. His eyes were black. They were black before but now they looked to be even blacker if that makes any sense. When I looked in his eyes I felt like I was staring into a bottomless pit. When I looked away from his eyes I saw his mouth and teeth were covered in blood. I thought it was from him, but then I saw there were scraps of clothes hanging from the side of his mouth. I asked him what happened but he didn’t say a thing. He just stared with those black eyes. Even though I was right in front of him I’m not sure he even knew I was there. The shark just stared at the bottom of that boat with a look of longing. This might sound crazy but I think that shark wanted to get back on the boat. He seemed to want to get back to the Fit Tún more than anything. I tried to get his attention a few more times, but he never looked at me. After another minute the boat’s engine started up and took off. Then as if the boat was calling to him the shark followed the boat. I called to him a few times, but I never learned his name and once the boat and shark disappeared from sight I thought calling out “Shark” in the middle of the ocean wasn’t the best idea.”
Kermit now was sitting perfectly still with a look of awe on his face. “Then what happened?” He asked.
“That’s it. I never saw the shark again. I don’t know what happened to him. For all I know he died of his wound or maybe the Fit Tún ship ended up recapturing him. I tell you what I do know. That shark changed after being on that boat. That was a decent shark before, but whatever came off that boat was pure evil. Listen to me Kermit, if you ever see a large shark with a large scar running down his side swim away. Just get away as fast as you can. Now it’s time for bed or your mom is going to give me a scar.”
“Fine. Do you think I can go with you tomorrow?”
“No, your place is here. You fit in with your family and have someone who loves you. I can’t say I have the same thing so I will continue to travel and share my wonderful self to the entire ocean.”
“I’m not scared if that’s why you don’t want me to come? The Fit Tún doesn’t scare me.”
“I believe you; I just don’t think it’s a good idea. Now I’m going to sleep. I have a long way to travel and I could use the rest.
****
Mandin woke up to shouts and calls from Breeze. This can’t be good, Mandin thought to himself. He quickly swam to the other side of the rock that they used as shelter and found Breeze swimming around frantically. By this time there were about a dozen other wahoo’s swimming with Breeze trying to calm her.
When she saw Mandin she quickly swam up to him. “Where is he? The last time I saw him he was with you. Did he say anything to you?”
“Slow down. Kermit? No, the last time I saw him I had sent him to bed last night.”
“Did he say anything to you?”
“Yeah, he wanted to come with me. He was saying he wasn’t afraid of the Fit Tún. I had just told….I know where he is.” Without another word Mandin took off as fast as he could. He was sure it was nowhere near as fast as the wahoo could swim, and he wished more than anything he had their speed.
Breeze easily caught up with him. “Where is he? Are you sure you know where he is?”
“Yes, last night I told him about a time when I was traveling with a shark and…”
“You’re friends with a shark? You are insane.”
“I never said we were friends I just said I traveled with him, and I prefer mad over insane. The point is that shark was captured by the Fit Tún and managed to escape. I think Kermit saw that as a challenge and wanted to prove he could face the Fit Tún as well.”
“Oh Poseidon. My poor child. But that doesn’t explain how you know where he is.”
“The first time I saw him he was swimming near the surface where you say the Fit Tún do their fishing, I’m sure he went back there.” The two of them continued to swim as fast as they could. In a matter of minutes they reached the area where Mandin first saw the flash. Breeze started calling for him and Mandin kept spinning around, praying to see any flash.
After a couple of minutes Breeze’s shouts turned into sobs and Mandin was starting to lose hope. He knew what Breeze was thinking, but he didn’t want to give up. “Maybe I was wrong. He could be somewhere else. Snuck off with some friends, he’s young and there’s plenty of other places he could be off getting in trouble at.”
Mandin was trying to think of something else to say when he saw the flash. It was the same flash he had seen before. He didn’t even wait for a second flash to confirm his sight and he took off toward the flash. This wasn’t like the first time when he saw a flash then another one in a different location, this time Mandin saw the flash go off in or very close to the same location over and over. It reminded him of a blinking light in a lighthouse.
As he got closer to the flashing he saw that it was Kermit, and there was something seriously wrong. Kermit was facing Mandin and looked to be swimming as hard as he could but he wasn’t moving or coming any closer.
Kermit saw Mandin and started shouting to him. “Mad Mandin! Help me please! I was wrong; I am scared of the Fit Tún. I want to go home! Mom!” Kermit had seen Breeze who was right behind Mandin.
Mandin and Breeze were now close enough to see a large hook was hooked into Kermit’s lip. The hook was set very deep. Spending time with wahoo’s Mandin learned they had sharp teeth and have used them before to chew through fishing line, but this hook and line was so far at the size of Kermit’s mouth that he couldn’t bite it. Mandin felt like it was taking forever to reach Kermit and he realized why. Kermit was being dragged away from them. The Fit Tún at the other end of the line was starting to pull Kermit toward the boat.
The clear line was hard to see but after straining his eyes Mandin found the line from the corner of Kermit’s mouth and followed it up toward the surface. Bobbing on top of the water was a small boat. It couldn’t have been more than 12 feet long, but it was dangerous nonetheless. Kermit was being pulled backward slowly at first but it was clear his strength was starting to fade and he was wearing out. His speed meant nothing now.
Mandin expected Breeze to start screaming, crying, and panicking at any second, but when he glanced at her he saw a strength and resolve he never knew she had. Her eyes were filled with determination and anger. There was no sign of fear. That’s when Mandin realized there was more to the story how Kermit lost his father than he knew. Mandin could see it in her eyes; Breeze had been in this situation before. She had seen her love pulled from the ocean by the Fit Tún directly in front of her. At the time she may not have been able to do anything, just as Mandin couldn’t do anything to help the shark, but this time she was not going to watch the only thing she loves literally be ripped away from her world.
When they reached Kermit’s side he started crying even harder. Kermit could barely form any words he was sobbing so hard. “P-p-please. I juuss wannaa g-g-goo home. I don’t want tooo be an explorer. I thought if I could escape a Fit Tún trap then I would show how b-b-bra-ave I am.”
Breeze broke her concentrated stare at the fishing lone and looked at her son. “Sshh. Don’t you worry. You are the bravest fish I know. You’re going to get out of this. Everything is going to be fine. Mandin and I are going to get you out of this, just keep fighting, don’t give up.”
“I’m so tired, I don’t think I can keep resisting.” Kermit was now directly under the boat and starting to be pulled toward the surface. As the line was reeled in Kermit’s body was twisted so he was forced to face the boat. He tried to swim backward but it didn’t appear to do any good.
Mandin launched himself at the fishing line and bit down as hard as he could. Eels have an incredibly strong bite and hoped that the line would snap right off. It didn’t.
He kept biting. He had flashbacks to trying to save the shark, but this time he knew that Kermit would not be able to escape the Fit Tún. Breeze went to the line a couple inches above Mandin and started biting at the rope as well. Kermit continued to swim as hard as he could.
For a moment with all three of their efforts combined the line stopped moving toward the surface, but then it slowly continued to rise. At this point Breeze’s back was nearly breaking the surface. She bit down with even more desperation. Then she was raised too far out of the water and she had to let go of the line. Now it was only Mandin between Kermit and the boat.
Mandin wrapped his body around the line to get a good grip and put all his weight on the line he could. Below him Breeze was in Kermit’s face encouraging him to keep swimming. Now Mandin was less than an inch from being dragged above the water line. He cinched his body tighter, refusing to let go.
Mandin felt the dry air and wind hit his body and he nearly let go to flee below the surface, but he fought every instinct he had and continued to gnaw at the rope. He could feel the line was starting to stray. Mandin opened his mouth as wide as he could and bit down with ever muscle he had in his jaw. He felt the line split in two, each end flying in separate directions.
Kermit went shooting backward, ramming into his mother and Mandin dropped back below the surface, feeling the gentle touch of the water engulf his entire body. Without saying a word the three of them swam as deep as they could, until they could no longer see the boat.
Once they were sure they were safe Breeze embraced Kermit and the two sat there crying. Mandin felt uncomfortable not knowing if he should go or stay. He decided it was time for him to move on, but when he turned to swim away Kermit and Breeze stopped him.
“Thank you for saving me.” Kermit said. “I’m sorry for the trouble I caused you.”
Mandin started to laugh. “Nonsense! That was one of the best adventures I had ever been on.”
Kermit brightened. “Yeah, I guess you’re right! That was one crazy adventure, but I think one is enough for me, and I got a souvenir.” Kermit was talking about the fishhook that was still lodged in the side of his mouth. Mandin would have told him that eventually the hook might fall out, but Kermit looked at it with a sense of pride. He showed it off to all the others telling the story that he fought off the Fit Tún. He might stretch the truth a bit about what happened, but Mad Mandin knew that to tell a real good story some facts needed to be stretched.
After saying goodbye to Kermit, Breeze swam up to him. Mandin was glad to see Breeze didn’t blame him for what happened. She actually insisted that she owed him. “I have to admit I was wrong about you.” She said. “When I first met you I thought you were crazy and I see that’s not the case. You’re definitely mad, but not crazy.”
“That’s all I ever wanted to hear.” Mandin said smiling.
“I wish there was more I could do to repay you, but I do know something that you might find interesting. I heard from a friend that not too far from hear a Fit Tún boat had just sunk not even a day ago. I’m not sure where but I know it’s west. If you hurry you might be able to have an adventure there before some other sea creatures claim it for themselves.”
“Hmm, I’m intrigued. How did you hear about that?”
“Let’s just say I have some friends in interesting places. A single parent needs good information and it helps to have friends in different places.”
“Well I hope I come across this ship, but I don’t know if I’ll ever find it. After all if I know where I’m going then there’s no point in going.” With that Mad Mandin turned around and swam off into the setting sun not even realizing he was swimming west.

Part V: Dinx and Orb
I had never felt such mixed emotions before in my life. I felt fulfilled, as if what I had been waiting for my whole life had finally come to me, and it was everything I expected and more. At the same time though I knew what this meant. I knew getting what I wanted, we wanted, meant an abrupt end to our happiness.
I guess it was inevitable. It’s in our genetic makeup. We couldn’t stop this from happening just like we can’t stop the change of the tide. I had tried to put it off since the day I met him. I still remember when I first met him. I was crawling through some coral and looking for something to eat. I was starving. Well I guess that’s a bit of an exaggeration considering now I know what starving really feels like, but I was the hungriest I had ever been at the time.
I was traveling all around the ocean trying to find a place to stay and eat, but I wasn’t having any luck. I was starting to feel desperate and my mind started to wander. My defenses were down; I didn’t even try to blend into my surroundings. I just stayed a dull grey color, too hungry to concentrate on the colors around me.
I saw a tiny cleaner shrimp dart into a crevice in a reef and I thought I hit the jackpot. I lunged at it but missed. I tried to cram my entire body through this tiny crevice that an angelfish would have trouble fitting in. Ha-ha I was so desperate I didn’t even care.
I couldn’t see where I was reaching so I just felt all along inside the crevice, each one of my arms moving this way and that. I thought I lost it when I felt a bit of movement inside the crevice. I stretched as far as I could and could tell the shrimp was just out of my reach. I was about to push myself in even farther when I sensed another presence. It was lucky I even noticed I was so focused on food.
I did notice though, I had no idea if it was another one of us, a predator, or something even better to eat. Either way I knew I was in a bad situation with my body three-fourths shoved into a tiny crevice. I was completely defenseless. I tried to pull myself out, but I was caught. I had pushed myself too far into too small a space. I didn’t have enough time to try to free myself so I did the only thing I could, I blended into the reef. Luckily this reef wasn’t too bright. Instead it was a pale yellow with some red over it. I closed my eyes and pictured the reef in my head. My body blended into the coral, becoming a pale yellow with red patterns over it.
I always considered myself to be a master of camouflage, just like I’m sure you will be someday, so I was sure whatever was approaching would never see me. I waited for a couple minutes but I didn’t see anything. I started to think my hunger was driving me crazy, just like it is now. I’m sorry that’s not true. This hunger is far worse, but it’s not driving me crazy because I know what it means. This hunger means that someday you will thrive and live a life like mine. Well I wish your lives would be a bit different but I know that’s not the case. I’m wandering off track. Its been hard for me to keep my focus lately. There isn’t much time less so I better finish my story.
So I was blended into the coral starting to think I was losing my mind when I saw a shadow appear just above me. Whatever it was it was right on top of the very reef I was crammed into. I stopped breathing and remained as still as I could. I was still wondering if this was something I had to be afraid of or I could eat. I thought I was ready for either scenario. I wasn’t ready for a voice to call out to me, “Excuse me, you seem to be in a tight place. Can I offer my assistance?”
I was too stunned to speak. I couldn’t believe I had been spotted. I even told myself that whatever it was it must have been talking to some other creature, as dumb as that sounds now. But of course it was talking to me; there was nothing else around to talk to. Still I refused to move or speak, hoping that it would just go away. There was a moment of silence and I thought maybe it had gone away, but then the voice spoke again.
“I’m not going to hurt you. I really am offering you my help.”
“How did you spot me?” I couldn’t help asking this, I was very proud of my camouflage.
“What? Oh well I’ve been following you for a while now and I saw you get stuck. I can see you’re very proud and I didn’t want to bother you, but I can’t leave a beautiful creature in distress.”
“You were following me?”
“Maybe following is a bit strong a word. I saw you go by and I could tell you were looking for food. I was trying to catch up to you and tell you where you can find some food when you shoved yourself into this crevice, and here we are.”
“Why should I believe you?”
“Not a very trusting octopus are you? I guess I can’t blame you, but I swear I only mean to help. You can consider me your hero, but I don’t want to brag.”
Oh my God I just realized I never told you this; you-we’re octopi! I guess I just thought you knew that, but with all the different species in the ocean I can see how you wouldn’t know what you are right away. I’m sure eventually you would have figured it out on your own; I did. I’m off topic again and running out of time. There’s so much to tell you, I just wish things could be different. No, that’s not true things are the ways they are supposed to be.
So this octopus and I exchanged some more quips and eventually I relented. So he slid down and reached three of his tentacles into the crevice with me. He used his suction cups to latch onto my head and started to pull. Ha-ha! I must have been really stuck because he pulled and pulled, but I wouldn’t budge. So this stranger slid two more tentacles into the crevice and latched onto me in some private places that I don’t need to describe to you. I would have been offended or embarrassed, but at that point I was afraid I would never make it out.
The octopus counted to three and pulled with all his might, it hurt for a couple seconds, but then I just popped out. There was no gradual movement, I just went flying out and fell right into the octopus. His tentacles were still attached to me and I was accidently, or so he said, pulled on top of him. The two of us locked eyes for a moment and it was like magic. I felt like I could have looked into those eyes for the rest of my life, but at the time I was too proud and didn’t think I needed any help so I forced myself to look away and asked him to let me go.
I thanked him and turned to swim away. “Wait!” He called. “You won’t even let me finish?”
That caught my attention. “Finish what?”
“Saving you. I told you I saw you were looking for food and I wanted to help you with that, but then you got stuck so I figured I had better help you with that first. So I haven’t finished helping you yet. May I finish?”
“What makes you think I need your help?’ Well considering how frantic your searching was and given the fact that you shoved yourself in little crack for a cleaner shrimp makes me think you haven’t eaten for a while.”
I considered denying this, but my screaming stomach for food drowned my mind out. My head was in a ferocious battle with my stomach, and the stomach won. “Fine, I am hungry and I could use some help finding some food.”
The octopus got a smile on his face as if he had just escaped Davey Jone’s Locker. The smile was one of self-satisfaction and made me hate him, or so I thought.
I followed him and he didn’t even lead me a half mile before we reached another reef that was full of sea life. There were fish, jellyfish, rays, and others all over the place. I tried to show indifference, but inside I was crying with joy. The stranger and I spent the next two hours eating everything we could catch, and we caught a lot. When we were finished neither of us could move we were so full.
Once I digested I said thanks again and planned to leave. “So that’s it?” He asked. “I save you twice and I don’t even get your name in return?”
You have to understand I spent my whole life on my own. I didn’t have any brothers or sisters and I was born in a dark cave. It was so dark that I thought that the world was just black. It took me a while to find he exit of the cave and when I did it was in the middle of the night with no moon or stars out so I thought everything would be black for my whole life. Imagine my surprise when the sun started to rise and everything changed around me.
My point is I had never spent time with anyone before, so the idea of another octopus wanting to spend more than a minute with me was strange to me. I still didn’t trust this octopus, even though he had only helped me, but I wasn’t rude enough to just swim away, I did feel like I owed him. “My name is Dinx.”
“Well Dinx, it’s a pleasure to officially meet you. My name is Orb.”
“Now that you know my name and I’ve thanked you I’ll be on my way.” With that I turned around and swam away. I didn’t have to look back to know that Orb was disappointed and hurt by my coldness. I continued on my way. I was determined to find the perfect place to live. I wanted to settle down somewhere quiet and peaceful but still have plenty of food, a far easier thing to imagine than actually find.
So I spent the next hour just swimming. I came across a couple reefs, but none of them were what I was looking for. I was still full from the last meal, but I was starting to get tired. So I decided the next reef I came across I would find a place to rest. It didn’t take long to come across another reef.
This one was much quieter than all the others. There were still some fish swimming around, but far less than the typical plethora of fish that inhabit them. The reef looked to be damaged. Pieces of coral were broken off and scattered about the ocean floor. There wasn’t a lot of color and there were almost no sea urchins perched on the coral. Looking back at it now this should have been a sign for me to move on, but I was too tired and I thought a dying reef would offer a better place for shelter than living one. It didn’t take long to find a nice sized crevice between some Stag horn and Table Coral.
I easily fit inside and squeezed in as far as I could. I turned around so my back was to the wall and nothing could sneak up on me while I slept. Before I could count to three I fell asleep. I never told anyone else this, but that night I couldn’t top dreaming of Orb.
I must have been in a deep sleep, because when I woke I felt very disoriented and had no idea where I was. When I saw some light shining into my hiding place I remembered I had found some shelter for the night and must have slept for a while. I slid my tentacles forward and was about to crawl out when the something blocked the light and my only way out.
“Hello there.” A nasal voice casually said. “You appear to have made yourself comfortable in my home; oh I don’t mind I hope you found it comfortable.”
Even though the words were kind the voice gave away truly evil intentions and a sound of venom. Each word sounded like poison.
“I’m-I’m sorry, I had no idea. I thought this was an abandoned place and no one would live here.”
“What are you trying to say? Is my place not inhabitable, not good enough for you other than as a pit stop?”
“No, that’s not what I meant. I-I..”
“It’s fine, I’m not doing a good job at making you feel comfortable am I?”
I had no idea what to say at that so I thought the best thing was to remain silent.
“No, I can see you’re scared. We both know how this is going to end; I was just hoping that I could relax you. Things taste so much better when they are killed in a good mood. Other eels say it doesn’t matter, but I don’t think that’s true. I can definitely tell the difference between a meal that died willingly and those that tried to struggle. Well, at least I’m getting a meal.”
As fast as a lightning strike the eel lunged at me. I closed my eyes waiting for the end, but it didn’t come. When I opened my eyes I saw the eel’s mouth was three inched away from my face and it’s jaws were snapping open and closed anticipating his meal. Then he closed his mouth and I saw a look of confusion on its face.
The eel turned away from me to look at something behind it, I couldn’t see what it was but it was clearly more important than I was. Then the eel started to back out of the crevice, at least I thought it was backing up, but then I realized it was being dragged backward. That’s when I saw two tentacles wrapped around the back of the eel.
I couldn’t see who was at the other end of the tentacles, but I had no doubt in my mid who it was. Once the eel was pulled out of the crevice it quickly turned to attack Orb. The two of them disappeared from sight. I could hear struggling, but I was frozen in place. I was so shaken that I couldn’t move. When the fight started to quiet down I was afraid the eel had killed Orb. I managed to pry myself away from the wall and cautiously crawled toward the entrance.
Just before I reached the open water the eel dropped right in front of me blocking my path. Without even thinking I reached past him with two of my tentacles and grabbed a conch shell that was sitting on the reef. Luckily it was empty and I hit the eel in the head with it. The shell left a large gash on the side of its head. I reared back to hit it again, but another tentacle came into view holding a rock and brought it crashing down on the eel’s head. The eel was dazed for a moment, but quickly tried to regain his composure and attack Orb.
Before he could move though I hit him again with the shell and once he turned his focus back on me Orb hit him with the rock. Oh I wish you could have seen this; that eel turned and fled. For my whole life I had been afraid of eels but after this I can’t help but laugh when I see one. I mean think about it, that eel was at a major disadvantage. Between Orb and I we had that eel outnumbered 16 arms to none!
As I watched the eel swim away I realized that I was still clutching the shell so hard it was cutting into my tentacle. I forced myself to let it go and watched it flutter to the ocean floor. Very slowly I saw Orb’s tentacles slide into the crevice and gently helped guide me all the way out. When I was out of the crevice Orb floated in front of me. I heard him ask me something, but to this day I have no idea what he said. When he repeated himself I managed to get myself under control.
“Are you ok?” He asked.
“I’m fine. Yeah, I’m fine. Thank you again.”
“I guess I don’t have to tell you that’s three times I saved you.” Orb said with a sly smile. “I think you owe me more than your name this time.”
I now know Orb was just playing with me, joking around like he always did. He was such a jokester. I probably had no more than three serious conversations with him; one of them was about that night we decided to be together, the second involved you, and the third I don’t even remember. I know we had a third, but it’s been hard to remember things these past couple days. It’s kind of like waking up from a dream. You know you had one and you can summarize most of it, but there’s a few details that you can’t place.
Well my defenses went up and I insisted I didn’t owe him anything and I started to swim away.
“Wait!” He called. I didn’t hear the desperation in his voice at the time but he says it was there. “I’m just kidding. I know you don’t owe me anything. I just want to help you.”
“Why do you want to help me?”
Each of his tentacles found a partner and started rubbing against each other. “I don’t know, haven’t you ever just done something for someone?”
“No, not really. I’ve been alone for most of my life and not had a chance to help anyone or get any help.”
“Considering your string of luck I’m surprised you’re still alive living on your own.”
I gave him a look that could have scared a group of barracuda away. He quickly apologized and said he was kidding. I turned back around and started to swim again. I’m not sure if you’ve heard everything I’ve said, but this part is very important. Don’t make the same mistakes I made. Life is so short, especially for us, and when you have a chance for happiness grab it with every tentacle. I never had anyone to tell me that so instead of listening to my heart and what I really wanted I listened to my pride. Even though I was grateful I was also embarrassed of needing to be saved three times. I hated the idea of being looked on as a weakling who needed to be saved all the time. I wanted to prove how tough I was and my head told me in order to do that I had to go off on my own, even though every other part of my body was screaming at me to trust Orb and stay with him.
Behind me I heard Orb start to follow me and I got excited, telling myself that if he caught up to me I would travel with him. Instead I must have put on a convincing act because he stopped and let me go. Secretly disappointed I continued to swim, refusing to look back. I swam for at least 20 minutes before I allowed myself to look back and saw there was no one behind me. At this point I was in an area of the ocean where it was just a sandy ocean floor. There weren’t any reefs or signs of other fish around. I could feel the ocean current pulling me to the East and I decided to follow it.
In a short time I arrived at an abandoned Fit Tún underwater drilling station. I’m not sure what they’re looking for, but in random parts of the ocean the Fit Tún will drill the ocean floor. They have no compassion for our environment and come in like they own the place. If you ever come across one of these machines swim away as fast as you can. There are always several dangers around these drilling machines. There could be Fit Tún still around, the machine could kill you, and the machine always leaves some kind of pollution in the immediate area.
When I saw the drill I couldn’t believe how bad my luck had been lately. I quickly turned away and planned to get away from the machine as fast as I could. I took off, keeping my eyes on the machine as if I expected it to come to life and chase me down. Since I wasn’t looking where I was going I swam right into large net that had been drifting in the water. It must have been attached to the machine or abandoned by a Fit Tún fisherman, but in the end it didn’t matter.
As large as the ocean is I had somehow swam right into this free floating net. Nine times out of ten I probably would of missed the net, but that one time it must have been fate. As I ran into the net it wrapped all around me, pinning each of my tentacles together and causing a massive, tangled mess. Without being able to move, the net and I floated to the bottom of the ocean floor. I landed on my side and was unable to move. I tried to wiggle a tentacle free, but it was no use. Believe it or not I started to laugh. My string of bad luck was so incredible that laughing was the only thing I could do.
I don’t think I ever laughed so hard in my life, in fact I’m sure I hadn’t. Living alone I never experienced anything to make me laugh or share a good time with anyone. I was still alone, but the recent events had been so ridiculous that I had to laugh; probably to keep from crying.
I had been in dangerous situations before. It’s almost impossible to live in the ocean and not experience some kind of danger, but this close together was shocking.
I continued to laugh when I heard a voice behind me. “Um, Dinx? Dinx, are-are you ok?” Of course it was Orb. Who else would it be? The thing is this didn’t sound like the Orb I had spoken to the times before. Orb’s voice was quiet and cautious, almost like he was sneaking behind a massive predator afraid to wake it.
I couldn’t turn to see him, but when he crawled over the ocean floor into my line of sight I felt another wave of laughter build up, but I managed to hold it back. “Am I ok? Am I ok?” I sounded like I was hysterical and I probably was. “No I’m not ok, and you know what? It’s your fault! Ever since I met you I keep getting in trouble. My whole life I’ve been alone and managed perfectly fine, then you come into my life and I can’t make it from one reef to another without getting in some kind of trouble. I bet you think I’m pathetic!”
“No..I..”
“I don’t want to hear it!” Even though I was the one caught in the net it felt like he was the one that I couldn’t escape from. “You keep following me, expecting me to get in trouble, and you’ve been right every time. So go ahead and get me out of here. Then I’ll just go on my way until the next time you can come to my rescue. Do me a favor though, next time, whatever it is, just let me die. I’d rather be dead than be one of those sea creatures that need to be saved or rely on someone else to survive.”
I lifted up my head and for the first time really looked at Orb. What I saw wasn’t a smug look, or a look of superiority. Instead I saw a look of shame, as if instead of helping me he was stealing my food. He moved closer, but then hung back. I saw in the eyes a youthful octopus that just wanted to help and he felt good doing it. He had clearly been living amongst other octopi, but he left them behind to follow me and make sure I was ok. If there were any other objective in his mind he would have had plenty of opportunities to act on them. He really as just trying to help and the whole time I had been treating him like he was some parasite trying to get a free ride.
“Orb, I’m sorry. I have no right to talk to you like this. You would be well in your right to leave me here.”
“I wouldn’t leave you here, and I don’t think you’re helpless. In fact I think you’re the strongest and bravest octopus I’ve ever met.”
“Yeah right. You’re just saying that.”
“No, I’m serious. If I wasn’t so interested in you I wouldn’t have followed you.” Orb started to play wit his tentacles again, clearly embarrassed by what he just said. “What I mean is if I thought you were some pathetic creature I wouldn’t waist my time following you and helping you. When you were cornered by the eel you didn’t just panic like most would, you attacked when you got the chance. When I first met you and you were starving you didn’t act helpless and give up, you continued to search and fight. Even now, I find you caught in a net and instead of panicking or freaking out you were laughing. At first I thought you might have lost your mind, but you’re still in the net and having a reasonable conversation. Anyone else would have been biting their tentacles off to try and get out.”
I looked at the net that was still pinning me to the ocean floor and then at my tentacles tangled inside the net. I never told Orb this, but I wasn’t freaking out because I was brave, I wasn’t freaking out because he was there.
“Would it alter your view of me if I asked you to get me out of here now?” Orb started to laugh and gently untangled the net from my tentacles. This took a couple of minutes, but once my tentacles were free it was easy to get the rest of the net off me.
Once the net was off I think he expected me swim away again or become my normal cold self. He definitely wasn’t expecting what I did. I wrapped all my tentacles around him and gave him a massive hug. I held him for a longer time that just a thank you embrace called for. Orb was so surprised that he raised his tentacles in defense and took him a moment to return my embrace. When we separated we sat looking at each other. This was the only time Orb was speechless.
“Would you like to go for a swim with me?” I asked.
“I would like that. Is there anywhere in particular you want to go?”
“Not really, I like the idea of just going. Is that ok with you?”
Of course it was ok with him. Orb was always looking for an adventure and I think he knew adventure was attracted to me like a shark to blood. The two of us spent the next month together, never leaving each other’s side. We never found anywhere permanent to stay and just went reef to reef. We found plenty of adventures and saved each other several times over. I learned that I was partially right about him; he did have a family but they had all passed away. He told me his last sister died three days before the first time he saw me.
Of course we became a couple and we loved each other desperately. I would cut every tentacle from my body if I could be with him again. I’m sorry, let me catch my breath, this is a lot of work and I feel so weak. I hope you understand I don’t want it to be like this. I wish I could be there with you in the future, but as Orb kept saying this is the way it’s supposed to be.
Orb….Orb…Orb. Sometimes at night I will say his name over and over and I feel like he is right there with me. I’ll feel his tentacles entwine with mine. Sometimes we would play a game together. He would change his color and I would have to copy him, detail for detail, then I would do the same for him. Ever day I spent with him I would look back on the time I was alone and not believe I could have survived without him.
You don’t need to hear all the mushy details of our relationship and I’m sure you don’t care. What you do need to know is about the time we had one of our most serious conversations. It actually was all about you in a way. It was a beautiful night and we had just eaten a bunch of clams and found a place to settle down for the night.
“I’m tired.” He said to me.
“Yeah, me too. We traveled a log way today. This seems like a nice area, maybe we can stay here a couple days until we have all our strength back.”
“No Dinx, that’s not what I mean. I mean I’m tired as in I’m getting old. We’re getting old.”
“Speak for yourself.” I said, playfully shoving him.”
“I’m serious.” And I could see he was. I had never seen this look on his face before. “I never thought I could love anyone as much as I love you and I want that love to continue until the end of time.”
“I love you too, and I’ll never stop loving you so who says it has to end?
“Our love will never end, but I want it to continue on in this world as well as in the afterlife. I want to have baby octopi with you. I want to create something that is the combination of you and I and that will live on well after we’re gone. And once they grow, they’ll have eggs and those eggs will have eggs and we will be a part of each generation. Our love will have created something that is truly ours and more incredible than any memory or what we do together in the ocean after life.”
I wish I could say this idea came as a surprise to me, but it wasn’t. I had wanted my own eggs as well and I wanted Orb to mate with me more than anything. I dreamed of it nearly every night but I never dared mention it to him. I knew if I did he would jump at the idea knowing it was what I wanted. The problem was that we both knew what would happen if we did this. We knew our lives would change and be over. I refused to be the one to bring up the subject; instead, I decided I would wait for Orb. If he never brought up the idea of having eggs I would have been fine with it and lived out the rest of my life with him in perfect happiness, but he did want it. Apparently he wanted it as much as I wanted it.
“Orb, if we do this you knows what it means.”
“I know what it means and I’m fine with it, no I want it. I know that it will mean the same for you so if you say no then that’s fine too and I’ll never mention it again.”
“No, I want it to, but I’m afraid.”
“I am too, but I’m also excited. This will be our greatest adventure yet and the most important.”
“It will also be our last.”
“In this world yes, but we’ll be together in the afterlife soon enough and nothing will have changed.”
“How do you know?”
“Because a love as strong as ours can’t just end, it must continue and it will.”
After that I put up more of an argument but we both knew it was just for show, we both wanted this. We didn’t just go at it like some barbarian creatures will we had to make everything perfect. Of course now I realize there’s no such thing as perfect, but you should always strive for it.
A while ago we came across some lava formation called The Cathedral. Lava formed together to build this beautiful room. It’s incredibly dangerous though because during the day the Fit Tún goes diving there, but at night it belongs to the sea life. So Orb and I went there one night, when a red moon was shining down on us. It may not have been perfect but it’s the closest I’ve ever seen.
After we finished I promised myself I wouldn’t cry, but I did. Orb and I just sat in the Cathedral holding each other. It was strange that our love grew stronger as he faded away. There’s no easy way to say this so I’ll just come out with it; Orb, your father, died that night. I can’t explain why but for some reason after mating male Octopi die. In no way am I saying this is your fault, having you all was the best thing Orb and I have ever done.
I just wish he could have seen you one time before he died, but I know he’s watching us now so I guess he has seen you. I know he loves you all as much as I do and he made me promise to find a place for you all to grow up and be safe. Orb wanted t stay at the Cathedral so I hid his body somewhere the Fit Tún or some other sea creature could disturb him and off I went to find the perfect place to lay you all.
It took me a while and I was starting to fear I wouldn’t find a good place, but then I met this old sea turtle named Ka. He led me to this reef. I knew right when I saw it this was the perfect place for you all to hatch. I found this piece of coral with Sea anemone surrounding it, which will keep predators away. I also met this sweet couple that is more than willing to watch after you once you’re born. It’s a strange couple, but a sweet couple and I their love for each other reminds me your fathers and mine. One of them is a puffer fish named Trapper and the other is a Yellow Tang named Sole. They will take care of you until you’re ready to go off on your own.
I guess if you haven’t figured it out yet I won’t be around either. You see the male Octopi dies after mating and the female hangs around long enough to lay the eggs and ensure their safety before she dies. Yes, I’m dying. IT won’t be much longer now, I can feel all my strength is nearly gone. It’s like watching a sun set. The high sun represents my life and it’s just about set. There’s just a small patch of orange sky holding off the night.
I don’t know why we die after mating and giving birth. I used to think it was a curse, but Orb tried to tell me, and now I see that it’s actually a blessing in disguise. So many creatures go from partner to partner, mate to mate, not creating a meaningful relationship. Some couldn’t even spot whom they mated with in a crowd. They just do a little dance or make some sound and go off with the first responder. For us though we have to choose. IT has to be special and feel right because it’s only happening once. I am blessed to have that incredible time with Orb and know each of you will one day too.
There. You’re all set. I’ve done what I can to protect you and hope you all live a great life. Your father and I will be watching you always. Behave for Trapper and Sole. I hope you have enough protection but my vision is starting to fade and I can’t see that well. I wish I could at least see you are born. I don’t even know if you’ve heard a word I’ve said still being an egg and all, but you all deserved to know the story of your parents even if you never know it’s been told.
“Dinx, arree yooouuu ready?” A slow, deep voice asked.
“Yes, I’m ready Ka. Thank you again for doing this. Are you sure you know where we’re going?”
“Ohhh yesss. I’ve been to the Cathedral many times. It’s a beautiful place.”
“I’d say it’s nearly perfect.”
“Ka, I don’t have enough strength to make it there. I could barely finish telling my eggs the story. What if they didn’t hear a word I said and I wasted all this time?”
Ka looked up at the sky then looked at the group of eggs, gently laid against the reef. “They may not have heard you, but by telling them the story I’m sure they could feel you and the love you have for them. That’s all you can do. As for your strength, I will carry you on my back to the Cathedral and put you next to Orb.”
“Thank you. Thaank yo-“ Dinx closed her eyes, unable to keep them open any longer. She couldn’t talk or move but she felt the massive sea turtle use his head to roll her onto his back and smoothly cradled her between his outstretched neck and shell. Dinx felt him back out of the reef and start swimming. She could feel something else now. It wasn’t the turtle or the ocean current gently moving against her, it was Orb. She could feel his gentle touch. He was welcoming her, and she would be with him soon. She was with him in spirit now, and soon she would be with him in body. Everything was perfect.

Part VI: The Dive
Verne White anxiously waited for his bag on the conveyor belt. Verne hated checking any bags at the airport, but he hated checking his dive gear most of all. He had already pulled his and his wife’s clothes bag off the belt. His wife’s dive bag had followed not too long after, but there was no sign of his.
Verne held his breath, praying that his bag was in the same airport he was and not on the way to Haiti, Africa, Mexico, or some other random location. Verne had been waiting for this trip for a long time. For a living Verne is an English schoolteacher at a high school in Baltimore, but his life involved Scuba Diving. It wasn’t even a week after his birth that his mother took him to the Ocean for the first time. As his mom tells the story, that first day was all it took for him to become addicted to the water. For the rest of his life he took to the water like a fish. He swam competitively for his whole life, surfed, sailed, fished, and did anything that involved being in the water. Vern’s favorite though was diving.
Scuba diving was the one way he could really feel a part of life under the sea. Gracefully making his way about the ocean floor, pretending he wasn’t some intruder but another member of the sea creature; a “Child of the Tide” as he liked to put it. Verne had traveled all around finding the most incredible places to dive. He dove all throughout the U.S., Caribbean, Thailand, and Australia. It didn’t matter where he dove, Verne just wanted to be in the water.
“Is it here yet?” A voice called behind him. Verne didn’t have to turn around to know what was happening behind him. He knew that his wife was standing behind him, one hand on her hip the other dangling at her side. Her long brown hair would be hanging over her shoulders, still looking good even though if complimented she would say how nasty it felt after the ten hour plane ride. Even though she can be the sweetest person on the planet her face would be set in a glare that would make any stranger think she was some stuck up woman. Verne knew she had that look because she was as anxious as he was waiting for his dive bag, she just didn’t mind showing it.
“No it’s not here yet.” Verne tried to sound easy, but his wife could read him easier than the numbers in her dive computer. “I’m sure it will show up though.” Verne said more to himself than to her.
“I’m going to find someone to talk to.”
“Just give it a minute Shelly. There’s still a bag coming down the shoot every now and then.” His wife’s name wasn’t really Shelly. That was just a pet name he had for her because of her obsession with collecting a seashell from every beach they went to. From the twelve years of marriage she had a massive collection now.
“I’m giving it two more…”
“There it is!” Verne shouted. A few people in the tiny airport turned to look at him as if he was some mad man screaming out a message before he ignited a bomb. Even in the airport of the tiny island of Lanai the threat of Terrorism still lingered. Verne gave an apologetic look and lifted his bag off the conveyor belt.
Verne and Shelly grabbed their bags and walked to the car rental station. Verne had rented a jeep for the week they would be staying on the island. Usually they would stay longer on a dive trip, but this one was special. Verne and his wife both loved diving. It wasn’t the only thing they had in common, but the love for nature was one of their strongest bonds and their thirst to experience the ocean. Shelly had her favorite sea creatures and Verne had his. Shelly loved octopi, sea horses, and the tiny fish that inhabited reefs. Verne’s passion was sharks. He loved all sharks and been diving with a great many of them. He had gone cage diving with Great Whites, Tigers, Bulls, and Mako sharks. He had gone free diving with countless others, but there was one shark he has yet to see, the ever elusive Hammerhead shark.
Verne’s favorite shark has always been the Hammerhead shark. The shape of their head, the way they moved, how they traveled in large numbers but hunted alone, all of it fascinated him. The problem was they are very wary of divers and hard to locate in the open ocean. The Hammerhead shark was Verne’s Moby Dick, but instead of killing it he just wanted that one perfect picture.
After researching places to go to find Hammerhead sharks Verne found out that the tiny island Lanai in Hawaii received these unique sharks in March. The problem was he was still teaching and couldn’t get away from work.
This year though he stored up all his sick days and planned this trip, keeping it a secret from all the other teachers and faculty at his school. Verne was turning 40 this year and he was treating himself to the best present he could think of. Shelly of course was all for the trip and just as excited as he was.
Even when Shelly and Verne saw the busted old jeep they smiled as large as could be and started laughing. There were no doors, dents in the front, and a smell that reminded Verne of a dried up starfish. Possibly fifteen years ago the jeep could have been called yellow, but now it was more rust colored than anything else.
Shelly got behind the wheel because when in a new area Verne couldn’t help look around at the surroundings and would start to drift off the side of the road. Verne finished loading the jeep and got in the passenger seat. It took a moment for Shelly to figure out how to operate the antique but soon they were on their way to the hotel.
The hotel they were staying at was only a bit better than their rental car. Verne knew he was going to hear it from Shelly later. How could you book us in a room like this? There better not be any bed bugs! I’m not staying here. Shelly was very particular about the places they stayed but there wasn’t a lot of options on the island and all the nice places were booked. So he told her he reserved them a room at the nicest place he could find. Technically that was the truth.
Luckily the room was a lot nicer than he thought from the exterior of the hotel. It was clean, had a large bathroom, nice TV, refrigerator, and a beautiful view of the ocean. “I guess this will work.” Shelly mumbled.
Verne started to unpack his dive gear and make sure everything was in order while Shelly took a shower. Next he pulled out his pride and joy, his Nikon D4 camera. The camera alone set him back a pretty penny, and add the dive casing and strobe light and he could have bought a decent used vehicle for the same price. It was worth it though, cars broke down, a good picture lasted forever and he felt that perfect shot coming on this trip.
Their first dive wasn’t until tomorrow morning and they both had jet lag so they decided to get some room service and spend the rest of the day relaxing around the hotel.
****
Verne was up the next morning even before the sun started to rise. He had been so excited that he barely slept a wink, and when he did his dreams were filled with sharks and all kinds of sea creatures. Verne waited another hour then woke Shelly and got ready to go diving.
After spending two weeks researching which dive company to go out with he decided on a company called Dream Divers. They seemed like a well-run group and their website offered a lot of incredible pictures of encounters with sharks. After talking to the boat Captain he decided this would be the perfect boat for them for the week. Verne booked a total of eight dives with them for the week, including a couple of night dives.
The owner of Dream Divers was a local born and raised on the island named Huall. Dream Divers is a small dive company with one boat and one Captain and that was Huall. Huall had his son as one of the Dive Masters that go out with the guests, and his wife ran the shop while they were out. Other than the great pictures Verne like the family run business and the fact that it was run by locals. Another thing Verne liked was that they didn’t take any more than six divers out at a time. Verne and Shelly hated to be put on a large boat crammed with 20-30 other divers fumbling around with their equipment and knocking into each other on the boat. A more private boat made things easier and the dive more pleasant without having to worry about so many other people.
Huall had told Verne via e-mail that the boat left at 7 am sharp and to arrive at 6:30 to get everything ready. Verne and Shelly pulled onto the dock at 6:15. The strange thing was there was no one else in sight. There were around eight boats tied to the dock. Five of them were fishing boats, four dive boats, and the last was a tiny motorboat with a single outboard engine. The paint was peeling off in places and looked to have been built around the same time as their jeep.
Shelly saw him looking at the motorboat and gave him a look. “That had better not be our boat.”
Verne pulled out his dive registration papers and scanned them looking for the boat’s name. When he found it he looked at the tiny motorboat. On the side was faded lettering. A couple letters were almost unreadable but he was able to make out the name, Drift Wood. Luckily that wasn’t their boat. Theirs was called Malika. After scanning the dock he found the Malika tied next to two fishing boats.
The boat was beautiful. It had a large ladder near the back of the boat for easy entry and exit into and out of the water. There was a fresh shower nozzle attached to the wall of the cabin. In the hull of the boat were two cushioned benches, one on each side of the boat, for the divers to sit on. Lining the sides of the boat were cradles for the tanks to lock into so they don’t go flying around during travel. The outside of the ship was a clean white paint with a large dive flag painted onto each side.
When Verne pointed the boat out to Shelly se looked very relieved. “Oh thank God. I wonder if I can sleep on the boat instead of our hotel room.”
“I’m in on that. We could just stay out on the ocean.”
“We would need to eat eventually, and I mean the food where I’m being served and the meal better be followed with something rich and chocolaty.”
“She’s a beaut ain’t she? One of the best dive boats around.” Verne turned around to see a large Samoan man standing behind them. He had long hair tied back in a ponytail. A tight Dream Divers t-shirt was stretched over his stomach. He was also wearing a ridiculous bright pink bathing suit with flower print. His massive arms were covered in tribal print tattoos. “Didn’t mean to startle you folks, just say you admiring my boat and thought I’d come over and say hi. I’m Huall.”
Verne smiled and walked forward to shake the man’s hand. “Aloha, I’m Verne and this is my wife Amy, but everyone calls her Shelly.”
As soon as he said their names Verne felt Huall’s handshake go slack and a devastated look crossed his face. “Oh no, you’re Mr. and Mrs. White! I can’t believe it, my wife must have forgotten to call you. I love her, but she can be a little airy sometimes. Don’t tell her I said that or she would serve me up at a barbeque.”
Verne was confused. “Is there a problem? Are we too early?” Verne asked looking around at the empty marina.
“My friend I hate to tell you this, especially after all our e-mail exchanges I feel like we are old friends, but there won’t be any dives this week.”
Verne heard Huall’s words echo in his head like a golf ball bouncing in an empty hall. “Excuse me?”
Huall rubbed a hand through his hair, clearly uncomfortable. “I’m so sorry, I guess no one has told you but the beaches are closed in Lanai for the week at least.”
“How could the beaches be closed? What do you mean? We made this trip just to go diving!” Shelly moved to Verne’s side and took his hand, giving it a gentle squeeze.
“Over the past couple days there have been several shark attacks.”
Verne could feel his temper starting to rise. It took a lot to get him upset, but discussing sharks is one of the things that will set him off. He hated how if there was a single shark attack people freaked out and started screaming how sharks are evil, man-eaters. Verne knew most shark attacks weren’t even attacks. We are in their territory and they come to investigate us stumbling around in their area. Verne always came to the shark’s defense explaining that a person was more likely to be killed by a coconut falling on their head than being killed by a shark.
“I can’t believe they shut down all the beaches, isn’t that a bit of an overreaction?”
“Normally I would agree with you, but these sharks aren’t like other sharks. They’ve been spotted stalking the beaches and it’s the same two sharks each time; two massive Hammerheads. These two sharks have already killed six people in two days and injured three more.”
“Yeah, but a lot of times shark attacks happen when people shouldn’t be in the water like during a storm, foggy conditions, dusk, or dawn.”
“Normally you would be right, but these attacks were in the middle of a bright sunny day. They show no fear or remorse in their attacks. All the attacks are to kill. It’s like they’re hunting people.”
“Fine, say these rogue sharks are really hunting people why hasn’t the Coast Guard or some fisherman hunted them down?” The words coming out of Verne’s mouth tasted like bile.
“They have. These sharks are smart. They come in, attack, eat, leave, and disappear. Look, I have to get home, I just stopped by to make sure the shop was locked up. Again I can’t tell you how sorry I am about this. Obviously you’ll be refunded your full amount. I hope you enjoy your vacation. Lanai is a gorgeous island and I think you’ll still have an incredible time.”
“Please, there have to be some way to go diving. I have dreamed of diving with Hammerheads for so long and we made this trip just to dive with them.”
“You don’t want to dive with these sharks.”
“I’m not afraid of them.”
“Honey.” Shelly said softly. “I’m just as disappointed as you are but there’s nothing we can do. Let’s just enjoy the vacation. We can still…”
“No Shelly. We’ve been planning this trip for a long time and we’re going diving with these sharks.”
“I feel horrible to be the one to tell you this. Really did look forward to taking you out diving, but everything happens for a reason and I’m sure something good will follow this bad.”
“Look, you can still take us out.” Huall gave Verne a confused look. “Can’t you just take us out? I’ll pay you extra.”
“Verne!” Shelly scolded. “Are you nuts? We’re not breaking the law just to risk our lives. We’ll find another time to go shark diving. We’re in Hawaii and I’m going to enjoy it.”
“Mrs. Whi…Shelly is right. I really wish I could but if I were caught taking the boat out when the waters are restricted my Captain’s license would be taken away and I could face some jail time. Plus I wouldn’t feel right putting you and your wife in danger like that. I really am sorry.” Just to emphasize his decision was final Huall turned around and started walking away.
Verne was about to keep trying but Shelly pulled his arm back. Verne turned to look at his wife and when he saw the look on her face he instantly felt all words leave him. “Verne, let it go please. I want to have a good vacation and I know that diving with Hammerheads have meant so much to you but doesn’t the idea of just spending time with me still sound fun?”
“Jesus Shelly, you know I love spending time with you. It’s just…”
“Just what? Since we can’t do what you want to do then everything’s a waist. We can still go hiking, walk on the beach, go for bike rides, and my favorite; eat at some fancy restaurants. Were you listening at all to Huall? The sharks out there are dangerous and I know just as much about sharks as you do. I know they’re misrepresented, but maybe sharks can be just like people. Just like there are some evil people out there, maybe there are some sharks that just like to kill and for some reason these sharks have a taste for humans. I know it sounds like a cheap film idea, but isn’t it possible? And instead of thinking about your safety you want to go dive with them. What’s worse is did you even consider me? Maybe I’m scared. I love diving and seeing the large creatures of the deep, but I like being on reefs and seeing tiny, colorful fish, seahorses, and octopi too. You, you like more extreme dives; going as deep as possible, diving ship wrecks, and seeing some of the most deadly creatures. And that’s fine, in fact I love that about you, but you need to learn when enough is enough.”
“Shelly, I’m sorry. I didn’t even think about…”
“I’m not trying to start a fight. I just want you to step back and relax. It’s like you have tunnel vision and you’re missing all the other incredible things around you. I love you, but sometimes you make me want to punch you in the face.” She said this with a smile, but no smile spread over Vern’s face. He felt like his mind and body were in a race and his body was so far ahead and the mind was trying to catch up. Less than an hour ago everything was perfect and he and his wife were about to go on possibly one of the best dives of their lives. Now there will be no dives for the entire vacation, there were two man eating sharks, and Verne realized he was acting like a terrible husband by not even thinking of his wife’s safety.
“I love you too, and as usual you’re right. I’m sorry. There will be plenty of other chances to dive with Hammerheads, and we’ll aim for ones that won’t eat us.” A smile spread over his face and he took both Shelly’s hands in his. “I’ll tell you what, lets sneak into the massive resort down the street from us and use their pool. I hear they have a massive lazy river and a water slide. Then tonight we can go out to dinner anywhere you want.”
“Can we get some Mexican?”
“We’re in Hawaii and you want Mexican food? I mean of course babe, whatever you want. Verne leaned forward and gave Shelly a quick kiss and pulled her into a hug. When he let her go he lifted both their dive bags and they headed back to the jeep. Shelly got into the driver seat as Verne loaded the back of the jeep. Just as Verne was about to shut the door he realized he left their cooler on the pier by the Malika. “I forgot the cooler, babe. I’ll be right back.”
Verne made his way back to the pier and saw the cooler sitting at the end of the dock. Verne and Shelly always bought a small cooler for them to use on the dive boat so they could have their own food and drinks in case what the boat has to offer didn’t look all that appetizing. That was a waste of money, Verne thought to himself. As he made his way back to the car he saw an older man sitting on an old wooden chair that was outside the closed Bait and Tackle shop. Was he sitting there the whole time?
Verne tried to not stare at the old man as he walked past, but he couldn’t help it. The man looked so similar to the iconic character Quinn in the film Jaws. His skin looked to be made of rubber from all the time he spent on a boat absorbing the sun and salt air. His hair had mostly turned white, but there was still some patched that showed he once had bright blond hair. Deep blue eyes made no disguise that he was looking right at Verne, and a wide smile revealed several missing teeth. Verne subconsciously looked down to the man’s legs expecting to see a peg leg. To his surprise this wasn’t too far from the truth. He had both his legs, but one of them had a massive scar that ran up the calf and Verne assumed up his thigh.
From all the shark attack documentaries he had seen Verne knew this was a shark bite. Just above the man’s knee was large chunk of missing muscle that must have been where the shark first bit him. Verne guessed that if the bite went just centimeter deeper the leg would have been taken off.
Verne forced himself to look away and walk right past the old man. The man followed him with his sharp eyes the entire time. Verne thought he was going to make it by without having to exchange some awkward greeting but then the man started to laugh, or at least he thought it was a laugh but it also could be confused with a choking noise. “It’s a shame isn’t it?” The man said in a voice that sounded like had smoked way to many cigarettes. As if to confirm his thought the old man pulled out a carton of cigarettes and shook one out into his hand. Without looking away from Verne he pulled out a lighter and lit the cigarette and inhaled.
Verne knew he should keep walking, but he couldn’t help but be drawn in by the mystery of the man. “What’s a shame?”
“Oh this and that, that and this. In your case, the fact that something you’ve wanted for so long is so close and you’re so willing to give up on it.”
“Thanks, but I don’t think you know anything about me.”
“Oh but I do.” Again that laughing or coughing sound. The man took a long puff on his cigarette that nearly brought it down to the butt. “I know you because I see a lot of me in you a long time ago. I had that same passion for the ocean once.” Without even realizing it the old man rubbed the scars over his leg. “the only difference is when something I wanted was this close I went after it.”
“Whatever, I got to get going.”
“Wait, I’m being rude. Allow me to introduce myself, I’m Captain Gervis Adalger.” When he said his name Verne realized he was German and could detect a strong hint of his accent. His accent would probably have been a lot stronger if it wasn’t for the presence of poisoned vocal cord from his smoking. “Unlike noble Huall, I am more than willing to take you out diving. For a price.”
If Verne had a sixth sense it would have been screaming a warning, but he didn’t or he was choosing to ignore it. “Do you even have a boat?” Just walk away, Verne scolded himself.
“I did introduce myself as Captain didn’t I? Of course I have a boat and its services are for sale and I’ll take you right where you want to go.”
“How do you know where I want to go?” Shelly is waiting, just leave.
“I heard you talking to Huall. You want to see some sharks. I know where they are and where they’ll be.”
“How do you know that?”
“I know these waters like the back of my hand and I know sharks just as well.” Again he touched his leg. “I was born in Germany, but I was raised here. I’m sure you don’t care about my life story, what you’re interested in is my knowledge of sharks. I’ll take you out diving and bring you face to face with the creatures you love so much.”
“I thought it’s illegal to go out now? What gives you the right to go out?”
Gervis smiled. “It is illegal. Lets just say I’m not afraid to play against the rules. That doesn’t mean we can go strolling out during the day. If you want to do this it’s going to be a night dive. We’d have to leave some time after midnight, maybe 1 or 2 am and be back before sunrise.”
“I’m not…” Gervis waived a hand through the air, cutting Verne off.
“I don’t want to hear your speech about right or wrong. Here’s the facts; you want to dive with the sharks here about as much as an Irishman wants a drink, I have a boat to take you out, I’m the only one on this island willing to take you out, and that’s it. The price is $600 for one dive.”
“Six hundred!” Verne exclaimed. “That’s ridiculous.”
“Take it or leave it. I’m taking a major chance. Lets just say I could face some major jail time if I get caught. A tourist like you would probably get a slap on the wrist and a fine. I’ll tell you what. You don’t have to give me an answer now. If you want to go I might be here between the hours of 1 and 2. If you show up with your dive gear and the money we’ll go for a boat ride. I’ll even provide the tank and weights.”
“Thanks, but no thanks.” Verne turned away from Gervis and started to walk away, forcing himself not to show any sign of consideration or second thoughts.
Even though Verne was walking away as fast as he could without seeming like he was running, he still heard Gervis mutter under his breath, “I’ll see you tonight.”
****
Verne woke up at 12:30 on the dot. He looked next to him and saw Shelly was in a deep sleep, lying on her side facing away from him. Her seep breathing indicated that she was in a deep sleep. It would take a lot to wake her because whenever they stay in a hotel she took Ambien to help her sleep. When she took those pills before gong to bed Verne could have a football match without waking her.
After leaving the pier Verne hadn’t said a word about the conversation he had with the old man. It wasn’t because he was hiding it from her, it was because it was so crazy he thought it would be pointless to waist his breath on, or so he told himself. For most of the day Verne was able to push the conversation from his mind, but as the day drew to a close he could se Hammerhead sharks swimming in his head. Verne felt like he was in one of those cartoons where a devil pops up on one shoulder and an angel on the other.
For every reason he found not to go, a reason to go came into his head just as quickly. It would be against the law. Gervis was right and he would just get a slap on the wrist even if they were caught. It would be stupid to pay $600 for one dive. All the other dives were cancelled for the week so in the end they would be leaving with more money than they planned. Shelly would kill him. She didn’t have to know.
That was the final thought Verne had before going to bed and he felt disgusted with himself. He and Shelly had been together for 15years and he had never had any thoughts of cheating on her or told her more than a little white lie. The worst secret he had ever kept from her was that he hated her chicken Parmesan. Verne knew he could make all this guilt disappear by just lying back in bed, but he didn’t. Even as he stood over Shelly and watched her sleep he thought of how she would never know. Verne was an avid runner and would go for a run every morning before Shelly got up. Even if Shelly woke up in a few hours and saw Verne was missing she would just assume he went running and was still out. As long as he was back by 8 am everything would be fine. That’s more than enough time for one night dive. There was no risk and Shelly would never know.
****
Verne stood on the pier with his dive bag in one hand and camera in the other. Other than a few small lights spread out on the dock the night was completely dark and still. Verne started to think he had had a fast one pulled over him by a local. He wouldn’t have been surprised if Captain Gervis, if that was even his name, was at a bar with some other local fishermen laughing at his expense.
Verne was about to head back to the jeep and hightail it back to the room before there was any chance of something else going wrong when he saw something moving at the end of the dock. It looked like a tiny red light. Not an artificial light, but small and weak, almost like the light from a single firefly.
Then the red light started to move toward him. Verne squinted his eyes as he realized what the light was. It was the glowing end of a lit cigarette. As the light moved closer Verne was able to distinguish the outline of a person. The figure took awkward, stumbling steps, clearly putting most of their weight on one leg and savoring the other.
By the time the figure made it into enough light for Verne to make out any distinguishing features he knew it was Captain Gervis. Watching him hobble on his scar legged Verne found himself wondering why the old man didn’t just have it removed when whatever happened happened.
Verne wasn’t sure if he would start to feel even worse when he was about to board the boat, but to his surprise he was even more excited and happy with his decision. If he were completely honest with himself Verne would say sneaking away from his wife was making this even more exciting.
“I don’t want to hear any I told you so. Lets just get on your boat and go diving, and this doesn’t leave this dock. No one can ever know about this.”
“Hold your horses.” Gervis said with a smug smile. “We have a couple things o settle before we go out. First, where’s my money? Second, I am going to gloat and say I told you so. Third, you better keep this a secret. I’m not going to jail because some guy from the main land couldn’t keep a secret and went blabbing to his wife and others.”
“That’s not going to happen. As for the money, will you take a check?”
“Do I look like a business to you? This isn’t Bass Pro Shop. I want my money in cash. You know that green paper with the dead guys on it?”
“Somehow I thought you would say that.” Verne pulled an envelope out of is back pocket and handed it over. “That’s why I stopped at the bank and got some cash. You can count it if you want.”
“That won’t be necessary, I trust you’re good for it.” Gervis folded the envelope and shoved it onto his pocket. Then pretending to be a butler, he bowed down and waived his arm pointing the way to the end of the dock. “After you sir. Everything is loaded and ready to go.”
Verne walked past Gervis and started walking down the dark pier. The only sound was the gentle lapping of the ocean current lapping against the pier and the strain of the ropes that tied the boats to the dock. When Verne was nearing the end of the dock he stopped and realized he had no idea which boat was Gervis’. “Which one is yours?”
“I already have it at the end of the dock. I moved it there earlier. Honestly I thought you would be here before one. To my surprise you showed up at 1:10.” Gervis started laughing.
Verne ignored him and continued walking. When he saw the boat tied at the end of the dock he nearly dropped his bag and fell down laughing. Trying to catch his breath between laughs he said, “Of course…ha-ha..that’s your…boat. I …shouldn’t have expected anything else. I should take my money back.”
Gervis flicked his cigarette into the ocean and turned back to Verne with a glare on his face. “That’s enough of that. This is my boat and if it’s not good enough for you, you can go ahead and go back to your hotel and spend the rest of your vacation getting drunk on some fruity drink.”
“From what I hear these supposed man eating sharks would eat this boat, if it doesn’t sink on its own first.”
“She’ll get the job done, just like she always does. Now get on or go home. We don’t have enough time to waist while you analyze the boat. Anyway, would you rather illegally go out on a boat with a bunch of lights and an engine that would wake the dead in Davey Jones’ Locker?”
Shaking his head in disbelief at how wrong things had gone so far on the trip Vern lowered his bag into the rusted boat Driftwood. He hopped in and saw a single tank and a pile of weights placed near the back of the boat. Other than the Captain’s seat behind the wheel there wasn’t anywhere to sit on the boat.
Gervis climbed into the boat and pointed to a cooler that was shoved next to the tank and told him he could use that for a seat. As Verne went over to the tank and weights he couldn’t help but think about the beautiful dive boat he should have been on with his wife. Instead he was on this rickety boat with a modern day pirate essentially cheating on his wife, finally, a true adventure.
Even though there weren’t any lights on the tiny boat Verne had set his dive gear up so many times it was as natural as waking up in the middle of the night and walking to the bathroom without turning any lights on. He first attached his BCD to the tank and made sure the tank wouldn’t slip. Once that was secure he pulled out the integrated weight pockets and put the weights in. Finally he attached his Octopus to the top of the tank and to his BCD. Verne tuned on his computer and the green screen lit up looking like flare cutting through the night. Verne turned the tanks valve to let the air flow into his octopus and read how much air was in the tank. There was 2,995 psi, pretty much a full tank. Once Verne had checked and double-checked his equipment he laid it down so the tank wouldn’t bounce around while they made there way to the dive site.
As Verne finished setting up his dive equipment, Gervis untied the boat from the dock and pushed off. Gervis turned to Verne. “Well we’re off. There’s no turning back now.”
“I didn’t plan on it.”
“You know, I have to admit you’re surprising me. I knew you would come and want to go on this dive, but I thought you would show a bit more guilt for sneaking away from your wife.”
Verne just shrugged his shoulders, not wanting to admit that he was just as surprised. It’s not like I’m cheating. Shelly didn’t want to go diving anyway with these sharks. If anything I’m keeping her safe by going without her.
Gervis started the engine and they were off. They rode in silence for the first 10 minutes. Verne was sitting on the cooler starring out at the night and ocean. Everything was pitch black and still. The ocean was so peaceful one would never guess that there were two man eating sharks somewhere around here. Verne imagined this is what it was like to explore space.
Gervis sat behind the wheel, smoking a cigarette. He navigated the waters in the dark with a sense of supreme confidence. Verne stood up and walked over to Gervis. “Where are we going and how do you know the sharks will be there?”
Gervis was silent for a moment and Verne thought he might not have heard him, but then he turned and looked at Verne. He starred at Verne as if he was looking at him for the first time. “To answer your first question, a few days ago a fishing boat sank not too far off the shore. I’m sure you already know this but wrecks are a very popular place for sharks and fish to make their home. To answer your second question I have worked with sharks just about my whole life and the sharks around here always seem to hang around wrecks. For a bonus answer I know the shark that’s been killing people.”
“What do you mean you know the shark. As in you’ve seen it?”
“Oh I’ve seen him all right and he’s seen me. It’s the same shark that nearly took my leg a few years ago.”
“How do you know that?”
“Because as bad a scar as the shark left on me, I left one on him. I used to be a captain of a real nice fishing boat and I was a very wealthy man. I moved to Hawaii to take part in some commercial fishing and I was good. I hired a crew of four other men and we had a nice operation going.”
“Fishing with a crew that size doesn’t bring in good money unless you were doing something illegal.” Verne said this as a joke, but when Gervis didn’t show a hint of a smile he realized that he had hit the nail on the head. “You were doing something illegal. What were you up too?”
“Well everyone on the island knows so there’s no point in hiding it, I was hunting sharks to take their fins and sell on the Black Market.”
“You were killing sharks?” Verne asked, disgusted.
“I don’t want to hear your crap. I got enough of it already and I’ve paid the price.”
“It’s people like you that’s making sharks go extinct. If I’d have known what you did I never would have gone out with you.”
“Get over yourself. We all need to make a living and this was a very good way, or at least it was.”
“So what happened?”
I had been finning sharks for three years and thought I had everything down. I knew the areas to best find the sharks and tracked them down with some sonar equipment. When we found a shark we used hooks, chum, and nets to lure the sharks to the boat. Once they were close to the boat we would gaff them and pull them on board. At that point three guys would restrain the shark while I and another man would cut off the fins. Once we had them cut off we tossed the shark overboard. Well one day we came across a massive signal on our sonar. We stalked the signal for more that three hours. We chummed the water and through out some lines, but we couldn’t get it. I was afraid we were going to have to let this monster go when all of a sudden it came near the surface. I grabbed one of the nets and waited. In the clear water I could see the beast and I tossed the net on him. The net wrapped him up and we started to pull him on board.”
Gervis smiled and glanced at Verne. “Do you want to know the strangest part of the catch?” Verne didn’t say anything. “As the men pulled up the shark I looked over the side to make sure the shark was still secure. He was just about to break the surface when I saw a large eel wrapped around the net chewing at the rope. None of the other men saw this but I swear that eel was trying to free the shark. Sounds crazy doesn’t it?”
Again Verne just shrugged his shoulders.
“Anyway, we got the shark on board and everything seemed like it was going to be routine. The men had the shark held down and I grabbed the knife. I was about to start cutting when the shark started thrashing around. This shark was so powerful that it knocked all the men over and managed to free itself from the net. The shark’s tail sent me flying across the boat. Before I could get my wits back that shark was on my leg like a pit bull. He just bit down right on my knee and started thrashing.”
Verne could picture the shark hanging onto Gervis’ leg and he didn’t feel any pity for the man. As far as he was concerned he got what he deserved. People who killed sharks for their fins were as low as a drug dealer to Verne.
“The strange thing is getting bit buy a shark is nothing like how it looks in the movies or those Discovery Channel documentaries make it seem. In those shows it looks like the shark just takes a bite and either lets go or takes a limb with one chomp. Not this time. This time the shark only bit half way through my leg and held on. At first the pain was incredible but then my adrenaline kicked in and I couldn’t see a thing. I realized I still had my knife clutched in my hand and I drove it right into the shark. I was aiming for its’ eye but ended up just missing. The shark didn’t even flinch, just bit down even harder. Even though I couldn’t feel pain I could feel its’ teeth sinking deeper into my muscle. I knew that in a matter of seconds I would lose the leg. I shifted my grip on the knife and instead of pulling the knife out of the shark I dragged it down the entire length of the shark. From eye to tail I cut that shark. That damn shark still held onto my leg, but finally some of the men came and managed to pry the shark off me. Once they got the shark off me the pain came rushing back and I lost consciousness. I woke up in the hospital two days later. You know what the first thing I asked was?”
Verne shook his head.
“I asked if the shark was dead. My first mate at the time told me they assumed it was. They had flipped the shark overboard, but the wound I gave it must have bled him out he said. There was no way he could have survived, or so they said but he did.”
“How do you know that?”
“Because I’ve heard and talked to some of the witnesses and victims of the shark attacks. Both sharks are supposedly the largest Hammerheads anybody had ever seen. Both are rogue sharks and don’t do a thing like normal Hammerheads do. Everyone told me the same story that described the shark in some ferocious way, but each story had one thing in common. One of the sharks had a scar running down its entire body on the same side as I cut it.”
“There are several explanations for that. People were terrified and imagined making the shark as fearsome as possible. If one person says they saw the scar it’s very likely that others started to believe they saw it too.”
“Hmm.” Gervis grunted. “I talked to at least fifteen people who saw the shark with the scar and the story doesn’t change one bit. You can believe what you want but I know that shark is the same shark that nearly took my leg. That was the first time the shark tasted human blood and it must have loved it or drove it crazy. If you go down there and see a shark with a long scar you better pray.”
The two sat in silence for the rest of the ride. It took a total of thirty minutes to get to the dive location. Gervis cut off the engine and hobbled over to an anchor and tossed it overboard. The splash of the anchor sounded like a canon shot in the quiet night.
“Ok so here’s your dive briefing.” Gervis said. Verne listened while he zipped up his wetsuit and put on his fins. “We are right over a reef. From what I hear from other divers it’s one of the most beautiful reefs near Lanai. You aren’t here for the pretty fish are you? You want to see sharks and I will bet my good leg that they will be at a wreck that is about 150-200 yards west of the reef. As soon as you reach the bottom use your compass to navigate there. I know the ship and it will be a prime place for sharks to make their home. You’ll see sharks there all right, I just hope you don’t run across those two rogues. Are you sure you want to do this?”
“I came here to see Hammerheads and that’s what I’m going to see. No offense but I don’t believe your little horror story about the sharks. I can believe that there might be a rogue shark, but the idea of two man eaters in love with the taste of human flesh is a little to sci-fi for me. I don’t have long so if you’re done trying to scare the tourist I’ll be on my way.”
“No thoughts of your wife?”
“What do you care? You got your money and she’ll never know. Even if she found out she’d understand.” Verne finished strapping his BCD to his back and stood up. With Gervis’s help he waddled to the edge of the boat. Gervis handed him his camera and helped him step onto the side of the boat.
“Wait. What happened next?” Verne asked.
“What do you mean?”
“When you woke up from the hospital? Did you give up finning sharks?”
“I thought you didn’t believe any of my story?”
“I might not, but I still want to hear the ending.”
“Well sorry to disappoint you, but there’s not much of an ending to hear. Once I was treated and some surgery on my leg was completed in came the authorities. Apparently when my crew called for help the Coast Guard came and it didn’t take a brain surgeon to realize what we were up too. They had us dead to rights. I went to jail for a year and had my fishing license and boat taken away. I am on a permanent suspension from having a fishing boat. I’m lucky to even be allowed to have this boat. I’ve tried to make a living as a deck hand, but my leg kept me from getting hired. Instead I make my living as a common fisherman barely making it by. I suppose there is other jobs I could do, but I’m meant to be on the water so I take what I can get. Even if what I get includes some crazy tourist who wants to go for a dive.”
“What if you’re caught taking me out here?”
“I lose my Captain’s license and boat and go to jail for five years. I can’t help it, when the ocean calls you have to answer it. I think you understand that. After all, we are all children of the tide.”
Verne was shocked to hear Gervis say the very same thing he said. He was about to ask where Gervis had heard that from when Gervis told him to get ready and before Verne could say another word pushed him off the side of the boat and into the ocean.
Verne’s BCD was inflated to neutral buoyancy so he didn’t go shooting down to the bottom; instead he hung in the water a few feet below the surface. Verne turned on the LED flashlight that was strapped to his left hand and ambidextrously turned on his camera in his right.
Slowly, adjusting to the pressure of the ocean, Verne sunk to the bottom. On the way down he used his light to search his surroundings. Gervis was right about one thing, the reef below him was one of the most beautiful he had ever seen. It was full of night life; hundreds of fish swimming this way and that. Yellow tang, angelfish, lobsters, parrot fish, clown fish, and hundreds of other tiny and large fish swimming around. None of them reacted to Verne’s presence and he felt like he was part of their world.
Verne had to force himself from touring the reef and looked at his compass. He used it to point West and started swimming. On the way there he saw a large, free swimming Moray Eel. The eel seemed curious and showed no fear or aggression toward him. It just went on its way like it had nowhere to go, but just wanted to go. As many dives as Verne had been on it was rare to see a Moray free swimming, and not hidden in a crevice in the reef. Verne took a quick picture and continued on.
Verne realized any pictures he took he would have to keep hidden from Shelly. That’s ok, what’s one more thing to hide from her? The foreign thought nearly made him gasp. He had to remain calm and keep breathing steadily. He had to conserve his air and make this single dive as long as possible. Still, where did that thought come from? He didn’t hide things from Shelly. Or at least so I thought as I dive in the ocean in the middle of the night while Shelly is asleep in bed.
Verne continued to look at all the ocean creatures to distract himself from any guilty thoughts. His beam swept around the reef and occasionally he took a picture or two, but Verne’s main objective still lie ahead of him. Verne checked his compass to make sure he was still on course when he saw a sight that brought back his guilty feeling. Off to the left of him, hovering over a reef, were two jellyfish. The jellyfish were pulsing and swimming together. It’s impossible to read any emotion from a jellyfish, but he knew these two were a couple. There was no separation between their bodies and their tentacles were entwined with each other. The two jellyfish reminded him of Shelly. Often the two of them dove just like the jellyfish swam together. When they dove Verne would hold Shelly’s hand as they explored the strange, silent world side by side.
Verne cursed himself for getting distracted again and checked his dive computer. He had been underwater for 12 minutes and he still had plenty of air. When he looked back up another beautiful sight glided right at him. It was a massive sea turtle. The turtle moved very slow and seemed to be looking at him just as much as he was looking at it. The turtle was headed right for Verne and showed no sign of altering its’ direction. Verne stopped swimming and hovered in place waiting to see if the turtle would swim right into him. The turtle stopped and hovered less than a foot from Verne’s face. He wanted to take a picture, but he was afraid of ruining this incredible moment. The two just stared at each other, the moment seeming to last hours. Finally the sea turtle slowly moved to the left and gracefully swam past Verne. Verne turned and watched the turtle go.
Once Verne continued on his course it only took another minute to see the outline of the wreck, just as Gervis described it. It was a fishing boat. The boat had settled onto the ocean floor perfectly, with its hull resting on the sandy bottom. The rusted bottom gave away the old age of the ship, but the fact that there didn’t appear to be any sea creatures, barnacles, or any sea life around the boat revealed how recently the boat had sunk. In a matter of days the wreck would become a thriving place for sea life of all kinds. Verne was sure it would become a popular dive site, but he was one of the first to explore it. It’s a shame no one will ever know I was here. It’s like discovering a new land, but moving on without claiming the glory of discovery. At least I’ll always know.
Verne looked in all directions and didn’t see a sign of any shark. He thought he would be disappointed, but so far it had been an incredible dive and he still had a whole wreck all to himself to explore. He used his light to read the name on the fishing boat, Amber. He assumed the Captain had named the boat after a loved one. Verne had always told himself if he got a boat he would name it Shelly. Sadly, on a teacher’s wage he didn’t think he would ever be able to afford one.
After circling the outside of the wreck Verne decided to go inside. He lowered himself near the open deck and swam into the cabin. He took several pictures of the inside; of the steering wheel, the fishing tools attached to the walls, old books and papers still intact, and then he saw some stairs that went below deck. Verne knew it was dangerous to go into an unexplored wreck, especially alone, but the excitement was unbearable.
Verne used his light to look down the stairs, but didn’t see anything out of the ordinary. Verne realized he was looking for something but he had no idea what. Verne checked his dive computer again. He had been down for fifty minutes and had used more air than he realized. If he was going to make it back to Driftwood he would have to leave in no more than ten minutes.
Verne decided he would go down for a quick minute then turn around and leave. Verne reached the bottom of the stairs and moved some of the fishing gear that had scattered around the boat. As he moved deeper into the wreck Verne felt like something was in the boat with him. He spun around and shined his light up the stairs and saw movement. For a brief moment his light lit up three little fish, but they swam away before he could get a good look at them. From a quick glance it looked to be a Squirrel fish, Yellow Tang, and a Puffer fish. A strange combination of fish to see together, but he didn’t have to dwell on it.
Verne was about to head back up the stairs to go when something caught his eye. It was a latch that Verne assumed led to the engine room. For some reason it was calling to him. It would take less than a minute to explore and then I’ll hightail it back to the boat. Verne set his camera down and used both hands to open the latch. The latch had already started to rust and it took all his strength to open it. Once it was open he pulled himself inside. As he thought it was a typical engine room.
Verne saw a bit of light coming from a hole in the side of the boat. Verne swam over to the whole and looked out. All he saw was the open ocean and was about to move away when he saw two large shapes moving toward the ocean. The way they glided through the ocean was unmistakable, the pure confidence and air of superiority. They were sharks and as they moved close he could see they were Hammerheads. Not only that, but they were massive. Finally, he was seeing the ever elusive Hammerhead. All the money and sneaking away from Shelly was worth it. He watched them get closer like they were a pendulum hypnotizing him.
They swam right at the wreck and he stopped breathing when they turned to the side and the one closest to the ship had a massive scar that ran down the length of its body. Gervis was telling the truth.
All of a sudden a loud beeping from his dive computer woke Verne from his trance and made him jerk away from the hole. He felt a sharp pain in the back of his head and turned to see a rusted over jagged pipe behind him. The room started to spin and Verne saw a red mist appear around his head. Verne tried to stop the spinning but it only got worse and everything started to blur. Before he lost consciousness the last thought Verne had was, this is where I belong. Deep beneath the surface, a fellow child of the tide.

About the Author
Theo Shapiro lives in Towson, MD and is currently an English teacher in Columbia, MD. He is studying to complete his MFA in Creative Writing and holds a Master’s Degree in Special Education. He lives with his wife, Krista, and they have a cat that causes more trouble than a bad case of writer’s block. Theo has also written the book Charm City Triathlete. For any comments or reviews you can reach Theo at tshapi1@yahoo.com.
