

CHRISTMAS   JACK-O’-LANTERN
By Subhajit Waugh
Copyright 2013 Subhajit Waugh

Smashwords Edition, License Notes: 
This ebook is licensed for your personal enjoyment only. This ebook may not be re-sold or given away to other people. If you would like to share this book with another person, please purchase an additional copy for each recipient. If you’re reading this book and did not purchase it, then please return to Smashwords.com and purchase your own copy. Thank you for respecting the hard work of this author.

[This eBook is a work of fiction and any resemblance to real persons, whether living or dead, events or locales are purely coincidental. Characters are legendary or imaginary, and used fictitiously. Views expressed are those of the Author and not of G.O.I.]
Thank you for downloading this eBook.
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
Table of Contents
Prologue
Chapter 1: Seeds of Christmas rivalry 
Chapter 2: The Prophecy 
Chapter 3: Jack’s legendary story-the genesis of Halloween
Chapter 4: Tick-tock; time flies so fast
Chapter 5: The Conference
Chapter 6: Devil’s Plans
Chapter 7: Devilish Blackmail
Chapter 8: Jack joins service
Chapter 9: The unbreakable vow
Chapter 10: The Second Vow
Chapter 11: Special Training
Chapter 12: Punishment
Chapter 13: Life is a rough journey
Chapter 14: Vagaries of fate
Chapter 15: Prisoners
Chapter 16: Restricted Tours
Chapter 17: Jack’s Plans
Chapter 18: Startling Revelations
Chapter 19: Baba Yaga
Chapter 20: Horns of Dilemma
Chapter 21: The Christmas Parole
Chapter 22: Appointment of Koschei and Belsnickel
Chapter 23: Operation ‘La Befana’
Chapter 24: The secret deal
Chapter 25: Witch’s Sabbath
Chapter 26: Rise and fall of ‘United State of elf-land’
Chapter 27: From bad to worse
Chapter 28: The Trial
Chapter 29: Look east policy
Chapter 30: Adventures in China
Chapter 31: Swayambhara in India
Chapter 32: Baba Yaga’s demand
Chapter 33: Devil’s loans
Chapter 34: Birthday Party
Chapter 35: Money matters
Chapter 36: Caribbean Plot
Chapter 37: Mousetrap
Chapter 38: Winds of change
Chapter 39: The End…Or…The Beginning?
Chapter 40: Coup Attempt
Chapter 41: Devil’s scheme
Chapter 42: The hunting party
Chapter 43: The ransom letter
Chapter 44: Crisis Hours
Chapter 45: Deadly Dilemma
Chapter 46: Gearing for confrontation
Chapter 47: The final clash
Chapter 48: Turning point
Chapter 49: Devil’s demands
Chapter 50: The betrayal
Chapter 51: The handshake
Chapter 52: Surprise
Chapter 53: Coronation
Chapter 54: Hallowmas
About the Author

* * *
Prologue
Jack offered his hand for a handshake. Devil glanced at his hand with deep contempt and ignored it. “Never even dare to think of shaking hand with me” Devil said. His pockmarked face had turned grim. “We aren’t equals, Jack. Shall I have to remind you of our master-slave relation?” 
He gave Jack a hardened look and said “We have rules here. Obey them, and your life will be tolerable. And, I demand blind obedience!”
 Devil scratched his own neck with the handle of the whip he was holding and continued “I will not…I repeat…I will not tolerate disobedience”. He shook his index finger at Jack as he spoke. “Is that clear?”
“I shall obey all your orders” Jack nodded helplessly in meek submission.
“Is it so?” a naughty smile broke out on Devil’s face. “Well then! Let’s see-” Devil pointed his finger at a spade lying on one corner of the stable. “Now Jack, pick up the spade and start cleaning up the mound of horse-dung over there”.
Jack looked around him to find Devil’s henchmen grinning at him. Jack’s face and ears had flushed red at this deep insult. He stood there, hesitating and adamant.
Devil was speaking to his pet horse in a low voice and rubbing it gently on the neck. “It seems, Jack require some training” Devil spoke softly as he patted his horse. He offered a carrot to his horse. The horse munched the carrot and neighed loudly. “This is my favorite horse” Devil announced with a proud look and rubbed the horse’s neck with great affection. “When I met this horse for the first time, it was so wild that it won’t even allow a saddle or a bridle-it was so wild! Now look…how tame and obedient it has become”. 
Devil continued caressing his horse “I love this horse. But first one has to break the horse” Devil turned his head slowly; looking at everyone’s faces in turns, and then focussed back at his horse. “I know how to break a horse!” Devil screamed with eardrum bursting loudness. He lifted his whip and struck the horse with such ferocity that flesh tore out of its body and blood squirted out. The horse neighed violently and sprang forward, leaping in the air. As it was tethered to the ground, it lost its balance and fell down. Devil kicked it mercilessly with his iron-spiked boot. Twice! Thrice!
He turned to his henchmen and shouted, “Jack needs some training. Drag him to the underground dungeon, and bind him in chains. Not a morsel of food or a drop of water for two days!” 
The henchmen sprang upon Jack and started dragging him away. Devil threw his whip at one of his drunken attendant and shouted “take this with you. And use it well!”
* * *
Two days later, Jack’s head hung down from his shoulder in extreme exhaustion. He moaned feebly with excruciating pain; his voice was dried with thirst. His hands were chained from the top of two pillars, about six feet apart. His toes barely touched the ground.
Jack's back was scarred with whip marks, with black clots of bloods. Occasionally, a few drops of blood oozed out from his wounds. Jack was so weak that he could barely stand. He fainted repeatedly, murmuring “water…water” almost inaudibly.
Two dungeon guards entered the torture chamber and started removing the chains from Jack’s hands. “Looks too bad, buddy” one of them addressed to the other guard “seems like he can't even drag himself, leave alone walking. Let’s carry him outside to his waiting friend”.
“You are right, chum. If we had arrived here another hour late, we might have wrapped him in shroud, and delivered him to his friend as a nicely packed gift” the other guard replied with a brutal laughter.

Back to top

Chapter 1
Seeds of Christmas rivalry
“What is your intention in delaying?” Mrs. Santa Claus protested “Are we not getting too old?” 
“Has my lady grown old?” Mr. Santa Claus said. He looked over his eyeglasses and smiled at her.
“Stop teasing me!” Mrs. Santa reacted harshly “Just look at the mirror and see for yourself, how old you have become!”
“Well, five centuries is already an unnaturally long span for someone to start ageing...” Santa Claus said. “Mary dear, when I migrated to this continent, I had hoped to discover ‘the fountain of eternal youth’ here at Warm Springs in Georgia. I learnt later that it lies somewhere in Florida or maybe in the Bahamas. I never found it!” Santa sighed with deep disappointment. “So, we are doomed to grow old”.
“Now don't change the topic!” Mrs. Santa snapped in a caustic tone, trying to bring her husband on track “You must create the ‘Santa and Mary Claus Trust’ at the earliest to take care of our Christmas empire”.
“My worker Elves are going on frequent strikes and closing down my toy factories and workshops” Mr. Santa replied “They are demanding better pay, less working hours, job security, retirement benefits….Hell! The list is endless. They have started whispering ‘Santa is growing plump at our sweat and blood’. I already have lots of headache to deal with!” Mr. Santa sighed. “Don't you think it is not a suitable time to discuss about ‘Memorial Trust’?” 
“That only argues in favor of forming the Trust, to transfer your headache”.
“We have come here on vacation, to escape tensions” Mr. Santa Claus said with a decisive tone “So, I really don't want to consider all these things now. Remember what the doctor said, when I had a heart stroke last week?” He glanced at her and continued, “The doctor said ‘no tension and complete rest’. Yes, those were his exact words”.
Mrs. Santa kept her mouth tight shut and grinded her teeth in rage. She was not at all prepared to hear ‘no’ for an answer from her husband. She was breathing heavily and seething with anger.
Santa Claus ignored his raging wife, looked outside through the window and said calmly “look, how beautiful the pine trees on the mountain look! This ‘Santa Lodge’ here in ‘warm springs’ captures my heart. Ah, I believe this place is really good for my heart. All I want is to relax”.
Mr. Santa Claus reclined himself on the soft-cushioned easy chair, and took out a Havana cigar from his cloak.
Mrs. Santa pounced on him instantly, snatched away the cigar, threw it on the floor, squashed and crushed it under her shoes, and spit on it. Then she pulled Mr. Santa’s white hair really hard, as if to verify it wasn’t a wig. 
“Oouuchhh…!” Mr. Santa screamed. “What was that for?” he demanded in a protesting tone.
“Don’t you remember what the doctor said? He said ‘no smoking!’ It is absolutely forbidden for a heart patient!” She waved her finger threateningly at Santa and reminded, “It is time for your daily dose”.
Mr. Santa's face became pale; he nauseated as if he was about to vomit.
“Oh honey, can't you pour it through a funnel directly into my throat?” Santa pleaded, “The medicine tastes so horrible!”
* * *
It was midnight, when an unidentified person appeared at the gate of the building adjacent to ‘Santa Lodge’. On the massive Iron Gate, a nameplate was hanging: Knecht Ruprecht, Personal Secretary-cum-Manager of Santa Claus.
The security personnel informed Ruprecht that the person was absolutely adamant to meet him, to deliver an urgent message to him, personally.
Ruprecht ordered the security to search him thoroughly for any hidden weapons, and then send him to his door. 
A few minutes later, there was a knock at the door. On opening the door, Ruprecht found a man wearing white hood. The man requested that he should be allowed to come inside immediately, and the doors be locked.
Ruprecht asked him to take a seat and offered him drinks, which he politely refused. Equally politely, yet firmly, he refused to remove his hood.
The man began “Under the guise of a clerk, I worked as a spy for Santa’s supposed Russian ally ‘Ded Moroz’. I have defected from comrade Moroz’s camp with many valuable documents”. The man pointed at his briefcase, but held it tightly, as if someone would snatch it. 
“So you worked as a spy for Moroz!” Ruprecht said like a lawyer cross-examining a witness. “Tell me truly” Ruprecht said “Did you pass on any valuable documents of Mr. Santa to Ded Moroz as well?” From Ruprecht’s voice, it appeared that he was not only determined to trace any leaked secrets, but also confirm that the person’s claim of being Moroz’s spy was true. “You must tell me!” Ruprecht persisted in a firm tone.
“I didn’t pass any important secrets to Russia” the man replied.
Ruprecht didn’t seem to be satisfied with the answer, but didn’t grill him further.
“These documents will prove beyond doubt that Ded Moroz is carrying out spying activities on Mr. Santa Claus” the man continued “he is hatching secret plots against Father Christmas, the British ally of Mr. Santa. In fact ‘Ded Moroz’ is Mr. Santa’s worst enemy under the guise of a friend”.
“Judging by your voice, you seem to be very frightened” Ruprecht said. 
“My life is in great danger.” the man replied “Moroz’s agents must be searching madly for me. I seek refuge here, and I am ready to disclose all my secrets”.
“Now calm down” Ruprecht assured him “You need not be afraid anymore. I assure you full protection”. Ruprecht paused and corrected his own words “but only if you spill all the beans. You must sing the full song; not in parts to suit your own interest, whatever it is”.
Ruprecht sipped his soft drink, softened a bit himself, took a deep breath, and said, “You have indeed done a praiseworthy and heroic job, by trying to expose what you believe is wrong. You need not feel guilty of betraying your camp. Now tell me what you want to tell”.
The hooded man began “Ded Moroz has been placing spies among Santa’s elves for spreading dissatisfaction and rumors and creating rift among dark and light elves. He has been bribing union leaders and high ranking elves of Santa’s toy factories to slow down production”.
Ruprecht stared at him with his eyes widening, as if he had just been awakened from a deep sleep with a rude surprise. The man observed Ruprecht’s reaction keenly through the opening of his hood.
“Besides, Moroz has been stealing other corporate information of your master’s factories”. He paused for some time and spoke hesitatingly “Ded Moroz plans to steal vast amount of money from Santa’s secret vaults and Swiss bank accounts. He has already bribed top level gnome bankers for this purpose”.
Ruprecht listened with keen interest, till the man took a long pause.
“Is that all?” Ruprecht said.
“Ded Moroz plans to finance many of the dissatisfied elves, who are on the verge of revolting, with those Santa’s own money”.
“Is there anything else left which you should disclose?” Ruprecht said “or do you want me to keep interrogating you incessantly?”
The hooded man came very close to Ruprecht and whispered something in Ruprecht’s ear.
“God! These are serious issues” Ruprecht said “needs immediate action”. Ruprecht said excitedly in fragmented sentences. Then he spoke firmly “I shall inform my boss, Mr. Santa, immediately. But I shall require all your documents in original”.
The hooded man bowed down his head and silently handed Ruprecht his briefcase.
* * *
Next morning, Ruprecht pushed the door and stormed into Santa’s room excitedly, without even knocking. Without any greetings or compliments, he exclaimed, “Sir, a ‘terrible thing’ has happened”.
Santa put aside his newspaper, glanced at his face calmly and asked, “What’s it?”
“Sir, these documents! Just have a look at these!”
Santa glanced through those documents, and to Ruprecht’s great disappointment, he showed no excitement. Not even a frown!
Ruprecht pressed on that Ded Moroz has placed spies in Santa’s ally, Father Christmas’s office. Besides, Ded Moroz has also bugged Santa’s cousin Sinterklaas’s castle in Southern Spain.
“How can you believe an anonymous person?” Mr. Santa said dismissively “Huh Ruprecht! It is just a hoax by some trickster”. Mr. Santa almost tried to get rid of Ruprecht and continue with his newspaper. “Ruprecht dear, he might have just taken advantage of your child-like gullibility and narrated a cock and bull story”. 
But Ruprecht was adamant. “Moroz has already made detailed plans to disrupt toy supply from your workshops and factories to your cousin Sinterklaas” Ruprecht said.
“Leave me alone” Mr. Santa said, trying to focus on the paper.
“Sir, we must take immediate action” Ruprecht said, “Needless for me to tell you that your cousin Sinterklaas is immensely rich but lack production facility. He depends solely on you for supplying toys and gifts to Netherlands and adjacent countries. And once he gets ousted, Ded Moroz can easily gain monopoly in all those regional markets”.
Mr. Santa looked deeply irritated and remained silent.
Ruprecht pulled out an envelope, and said “Sir, just have a look at these photos……….”
Quite unwillingly, Mr. Santa Claus pulled out a black and white photo and glanced at it casually. 
He stared at it for a long time, as if trying to recollect something. Moments later, he blurted rather excitedly “Ruprecht..............Oh my God! This seems to be-”
Before he could complete, Ruprecht sighed, and continued, “Yes Sir, you are right! Sir, this photo was developed from microfilm provided to me. It clearly shows the interior of your cousin’s steamboat ‘Tjesboot12’. I am so worried to think what Ded Moroz’s plans can be: to place an explosive or to hijack the steamboat or God knows what!” 
“Are you sure?”
“Sir, I have an earnest request” Ruprecht ignored Santa’s question and continued, “The spy who has defected from Ded Moroz and provided all these proofs, should be provided immediate protection”.
“I don’t think so. I shall talk with Ded Moroz and try to find out a diplomatic solution” Mr. Santa replied. “After all, Ded Moroz is my Russian counterpart and my ally. I don’t want to strain my relation with him. If we should provide shelter to that spy, it will certainly spoil my good relation with Ded Moroz”.
“Excuse me Sir!” Ruprecht snapped “But, don’t you suppose, you are making a grave mistake in believing Ded Moroz is still your friend?”
Ruprecht stared hard at Santa’s face and said with a grave tone “Sir, the spy who asked for shelter is threatening suicide if you refuse asylum”. Ruprecht’s tone grew more apprehensive as he continued “I came to know that he attempted to chew his cyanide capsule yesterday night in a state of mental depression”.
“But providing him shelter will only irritate Ded Moroz” Mr. Santa said “I really don’t want to get into bitter relation with Ded Moroz. I am too old now to desire trouble; so old that, I have even stopped counting my age long ago” Santa Claus said, while rubbing his hand lazily on his fat belly, “So let the spy find shelter somewhere else. However, I shall meet Father Christmas and my cousin Sinterklaas, and show them all these documents”.
“There is something more” Ruprecht hesitated as he spoke “Moroz had a secret affair with your wife in the distant past. He always had a deep grudge in his heart for losing her hand in marriage to you” Ruprecht’s hesitation was turning into a stammer “Now Ded Moroz eyes her with deeper interest and wants her in his harem to make up for his past loss”.
“What nonsense!” Santa shouted, losing his temper abruptly “Leave my room instantly!”
“Oh yes, I will!” Ruprecht shot back angrily, unable to hold back his frustration any longer. “Sir, I wish you had showed this same bold attitude while dealing with Moroz as well” Ruprecht’s voice rang with adamancy. 
Mr. Santa stood dumbstruck and stunned by the attitude of his normally submissive secretary.
Ruprecht left Mr. Santa’s room with a heavy heart, sighing disappointedly. When he reached his own office, he immediately issued orders to his subordinates to search and arrest as many spies and agents of Ded Moroz as possible. He ignored Mr. Santa’s decision and granted refuge to that anonymous spy. Ruprecht felt proud of himself for acting tough and completely disregarding the possible consequences.

Back to top

Chapter 2
The Prophecy
Before surrendering to his horrific twist of fate, adolescent Jack desperately wanted to consult the village oracle. She lived in an abandoned forest-cave, on the village outskirts.
Jack walked through the curtain of waterfall to step into the secret entrance of the cave. He was welcomed by swarms of aggressive bats, fluttering with a menacing gesture, ready to attack his face. The smell of rotting flesh mixed with pungent dampness flooded his nose. Heaps of bones, possibly from sacrificial altar, lay scattered here and there. But his mind was too clouded with the devilish blackmail, for him to focus around. He proceeded to the end of the cave, walking along the long passage, lighted with oil torches, which protruded at an angle from the walls.
Jack avoided stepping on the deadly poisonous vipers and cobras on the moss covered, slippery floor. “I have to find a way out of my terrible doomed fate. I must meet her,” Jack muttered to himself as a way of boosting up his courage to step forward, through the hissing and slithering snakes.
Soon, Jack found himself at the entrance of a large, dimly lit, central hall. Its walls were made of huge boulders. He couldn't fail to notice the sharp needle shaped rocks hanging from the ceiling of the cavern.
Jack entered the hall silently.
At one end of the hall, Jack saw an old wooden table, on which was placed a glowing crystal ball, a human skull, dried monkey’s paws, one Ouija (planchette) board, a pack of a tarot cards and a bloodstained dagger.
A deer was also lying on the table, with its belly slashed. Fresh drops of blood still oozed out, and occasionally its limbs trembled very slightly. A raven and an owl were pulling out the blood-covered entrails and laying them carefully on the table. The cavern smelt strongly of burning myrrh and incense sticks.
The oracle was sitting in a squatting and meditating position on a wooden board, facing the opposite wall. Jack felt guilty at the thought of interrupting her meditation. I should have taken an appointment Jack thought or intimated her beforehand. Jack hesitated and appeared in a dilemma.
Without turning her head, she addressed calmly “Ah Jack! I was expecting you”.
Jack’s eyes widened and his jaws fell in astonishment.
The oracle turned her head and stared at Jack “What I didn’t expect though was that you would be so young-barely in your late teens, and so handsome”. She kept staring at Jack’s fair skinned muscular body, his broad shoulders and shiny-black wavy hairs.
Jack quickly observed that the oracle was dressed like a hippy and partly like a gypsy. She had dirty brown plaited hairs, interlaced with tiger and crocodile teeth and was wearing a necklace of beads. On her back, there was a tattoo of ‘Grim Reaper’, the personification of death, carrying a scythe in one hand, and a coiled cobra in the other. 
She got up from her squatting position. It was only then that Jack noticed she was sitting on a small wooden board with pointed iron nails, instead of cushion!
She stared piercingly at Jack’s eyes through her thick glass spectacles, as if trying to get right inside Jack’s mind. “One visiting Indian Fakir had gifted this to me” she said, “he taught me to meditate while sitting on this. It is indeed a pleasant experience; it gives complete peace of mind”.
Jack barely managed to stammer “pleasant experience?!”
The oracle seemed deeply resentful of Jack’s disbelief.  “Believe me!” she said with a hurt feeling “uneasy lays the butt that sits on the throne. You shall find complete peace of mind if you sit and meditate on this. Would you like to try?”
“No thank you” Jack refused politely, eyeing it with fear. He was not dying to sit on that luxury piece of furniture! He was desperate for some advice; some urgent solution to his pressing problems.
But the oracle didn’t seem at all happy with Jack for refusing to try a recommended pleasant experience. She changed the topic and asked grumpily “Would you like some herbal tea, Jack? I shall prepare you some fresh tea with herbal extracts of cocatine, gilmine and nicasone”.
Poor Jack! He was wary of drinking unknown potion-laced tea. “No thanks” Jack replied with irritation. Jack felt that the oracle was deliberately delaying in asking Jack about the reason of his visit. She enjoyed playing with his helpless situation and with his emotions.
This time, Jack’s refusal of a ‘friendly cup of tea’ turned her from grumpy and resentful to visibly angry. “Well then…there! That’s for you” she said and offered Jack a toffee.
Jack felt deeply insulted. Treating me, the spiritual leader of all Halloween creatures, like a child? Jack’s ears turned red with anger, and his face flushed with blood as he tried to digest this deep insult. Does she even know about my unnaturally long experiences? Did my external adolescent look invite this treatment, or did she insult me intentionally?
While Jack burned with rage and insult, the oracle calmly watched Jack and seemed to savor and enjoy every moment of it. Her suppressed, cunning smile only added fuel to Jack’s burning anger. Does she realize that ghosts and ghouls and vampires and all other dark Halloween creatures had bowed down before my pumpkin lantern?
The oracle grew serious. “You seem to have lots of powers Jack” she said with a cold emotionless voice “you shouldn’t need my advice”. She pointed at the direction from which Jack had entered and said “exit is that way!”
Jack felt shocked and even deeply insulted at this harsh behavior. He felt like a fish that had swallowed the hook, and the fishing reel was in her hand. He was in deep dilemma: whether to swallow his anger and stay, or leave instantly. He started wondering whether he had come to the right place at all.
“You have come to the right place, Jack!” she responded telepathically, and smiled; displaying her blackened metallic teeth “I can trace my ancestral roots to the ancient ‘Oracle of Delphi’. I have the blood in me”. Her voice had softened a bit by now.
Jack felt some trust and confidence. He thought it wise to consult her.
Jack opened his mouth “I have come to-”
“I know why you have come, Jack!” The oracle interrupted Jack, and then she reflected wisely “Anyone visiting me comes for seeking my advice!”  She stared at Jack’s eye and whispered, “He, who can outwit the devil, ought to rule the world.”
Jack’s eyes widened and he stood mesmerized. Does she really know about my encounter with the devil, or is it just a general remark or a wild guess perhaps! Jack remained dumbstruck; evidently he had not expected so much. But at the same time he was somewhat skeptical of oracles and soothsayers, and was determined to test the water first. It appeared like he had dipped both his hands in a bucket of water and felt it hot with one hand and ice cold with the other.
“You know about that incident?” Jack asked, unable to control his curiosity.
The oracle simply ignored Jack’s question, or maybe chose not to answer it. Instead, she took out a small silver box and a bracelet from her drawer. She took out a pinch of red vermilion powder from the silver box.
“Apply this vermilion on your forehead, and wear this bracelet. It is charmed” she offered them to Jack.
“You know about that incident?” Jack persisted.
“You expected less from me?” the oracle snapped, and then continued in a casual tone “yes, I know it, like everything else”.
She paused, and then spoke with a tone of great importance “you must understand Jack- you are stepping into a deadly game, and there is no going back. Whether you like it or not, you are a part of the game now. You have to play your part bravely.”
By now, Jack was fully confident that he had approached a competent oracle. She knows her trade. Jack started narrating his story very briefly: the meeting with the Devil in Public Bar; how he tricked the Devil; about his gaining of eternal youth coupled with his eternal punishment.... and about the blackmail by Devil’s assistant Beelzebub to join Devil’s servitude. Jack also mentioned how Beelzebub took out a ‘voodoo’ doll with a face resembling Jack’s and a needle and played menacingly. Jack also mentioned the embarrassing part when Beelzebub jabbed the needle in the doll’s butt, sending Jack dancing around madly and rubbing his buttock for half an hour.
“Does Beelzebub really intend to carry out his threat, or is it merely a bluff?” Jack asked impatiently “What if I refused to join Devil's service?”
“Oh yeah? Really?” she sneered. She looked at Jack with utter contempt. Then she turned away her face, as if Jack was too drunk to ask any sensible question.
“But till now you have obeyed Devil’s command by roaming the lonely paths at night with a pumpkin lantern in your hand” she said “Why did you obey Devil's command so long in the first place? Why didn't your revolting spirit wake up long ago?”
“I had always feared being chained in the darkest circle of hell” Jack answered “the circle of eternal torture”.
“Continue Jack, I am listening”. 
“Though roaming alone at night was an eternal punishment, at least I had my freedom”. Jack looked down at the floor gloomily “But now, Devil is trying to snatch away my freedom and make me an eternal slave. I shall be exploited to satisfy his whims, which I am sure will be nasty. The punishment I have already suffered is far worse than my deeds. Therefore, I must disobey to avoid more suffering!” 
The oracle picked up a birch rod and waved it menacingly at Jack. “Never attempt that, even by mistake, till Devil has the parchment” the oracle warned “you had put your thumb impression with Devil’s red ink”.  She continued with a threatening tone, “You think being chained is the worst punishment? Or do you believe jabbing the ‘voodoo’ doll with a needle is the worst thing he can do?” She gave Jack a stern look “you are not even aware of what harm he can do with that parchment”. 
“What harm are you talking about?” Jack asked in a frightened tone.
She took a deep breath “I wonder why Beelzebub did not elaborate!”  She glanced sharply at Jack and taking out a matchbox from her drawer, she continued “if Devil throws the parchment in the eternal fires of hell, in the burning embers, then…” she paused and passed the matchbox to Jack.
“Then what…?” Jack asked impatiently.
“I can tell you the consequence Jack. But it is better to show. Light a matchstick Jack”.
Jack obeyed.
She watched silently as the fire approached Jack’s fingers.
“What do I do now?” There was urgency in Jack’s voice, as the fire almost touched his fingers.
“Hold on!” she commanded sternly.
“It will burn my finger” Jack pleaded.
“Just hold it on!” she screamed.
All of Jack's attention was now intensely focused on the matchstick as he watched the approaching flame with fear in his eyes. 
“Oouuuchhh...!” Jack screamed in pain as the fire touched his finger. He threw away the matchstick and placed his finger in his mouth.
“Aha! The tea is already boiling!” The oracle exclaimed in joy, without paying any attention to Jack. She got up and brought back the kettle from the stove.
“The herbal tea is ready,” the oracle said. “Now let me pour you some hot tea”. 
Before Jack could react, she had poured some boiling tea on Jack's shoulder.
“Oooo...ooh!” Jack jumped four feet in the air and went dancing around the hall, rubbing his shoulder with his hand. 
“Oh my God! Are you mad?”  Jack screamed in agony at the oracle.
“Now calm down Jack!” The oracle replied in a very casual and calm voice. 
“I think I have made my point”, the oracle continued “if you can't tolerate this for a few minutes, what shall happen if you are engulfed in the flames of embers till eternity” the oracle paused, and then spoke slowly, pausing several times “You shall be roasted like a turkey in the oven…your skin peeling off…your flesh grilling from inside…till eternity’s end!”
“But couldn't you have simply told me without demonstrating?!” Jack was still burning with anger.
“You think roaming in the dark lonely paths till eternity is the greatest punishment?” the oracle said “What if Devil really throws the parchment in the hellish fires of ember? Now is it clear, what is at stake?” the oracle emphasized.
“Considering the ever looming danger, what is the best step I can take?” Jack asked wisely “and that's why I came for your advice” he added.
“If ever you can, just throw the parchment into a normal fire, say a wooden fire” the oracle said “that shall be the end of the agreement. In fact, that's exactly what you should have done in the village pub as soon as Devil changed into a coin, rather than throwing the parchment carelessly in the dustbin” the oracle said in a sagacious tone. “I advise you to bow down before the Devil, temporarily. You are an underdog now. You must rise in power, before thinking of challenging the mighty Devil”.
“In that case, my future isn’t particularly bright” Jack observed gloomily “I might never succeed in breaking Devil’s chains, leave alone-”
Both of them were startled by the bright flash, which emerged from the crystal ball as it started glowing all of a sudden. The oracle hurriedly pulled out a small bottle and forcibly swallowed the entire content. Then she held the crystal ball in her hand.
“Let me gaze in this crystal ball. Silence! Let me concentrate…Show me crystal ball…show me…” she started slipping in a trance and her voice changed into an unearthly one.
Several minutes passed. There was a hushed silence in the hall, broken only occasionally by the sound of the water droplets dripping from the roof and some distant hissing sounds.
The drink seemed to take effect. Her eyeballs were almost pushing out of her socket; her pupils were dilated to twice their normal size and she was sweating profusely with a suppressed moan.
“The crystal ball shows two bright objects in your hands Jack…one glowing orange object in your left hand, like some pumpkin lantern…and a silvery shining object in the other, looking like the handle of a dagger…both emitting purple hue now…as if engulfed in a halo…both signifies power…great power…Noooooo! Don’t fade away…show me more…showwww meee moooore!” she yelled frantically as the glow started fading. And, as if on cue, the raven turned madly violent, cawed and croaked loudly and chased the owl.
She breathed heavily, with her eyes closed, slowly returning from her trance to normalcy. “You have two great powers with you” she announced loudly as she recovered “Your future is glorious. You shall have unprecedented fame and glory. My prophecy shall surely come true”.
Jack stood motionless, his eyes dazed by the bright light after being exposed to the dark for some time.
You shall have unprecedented fame and glory. Your future is glorious. Those words were still ringing in Jack’s ears. For a brief moment, Jack forgot about his impending doom and gloom. He was feeling ecstatic-an electrifying sensation ran down his spine.
You shall have unprecedented fame and glory. The word echoed in his ears and resonated in his mind. His heart was thumping with a burst of excitement. Your future is glorious. This magical sentence drove away the melancholy and filled his mind with hope and determination, even if it was for brief moments. His ambitions had already been aroused.
“I ask a favor from you” Jack pleaded.
“Yes, Jack? What’s it?”
“You are a great oracle. Will you be my mentor?”
“Sorry Jack” the oracle shook her head “but I must refuse. Approach some other mentor for help. I recommend ‘Baba Yaga’, the great and world famous Russian witch. She lives in a hut resting on huge chicken legs, and all the poles of her fence have human skulls, except one. She guides and advises lost souls. But you must approach her with caution. She always puts the advice-seeker in some really tough test. And whoever shall fail to complete the assigned task shall end up with his head on that reserved pole!”
“I shall follow your suggestion” Jack said “but I request you once again to become my first mentor” Jack pleaded.
The oracle hesitated and remained silent. 
“I accept to become your mentor” she broke the silence “but, on one condition”.
“What?” Jack asked.
“Your brief story has really piqued up interest” the oracle said “and after what I saw in the crystal ball, I want to hear your incredible story in more detail”. 
“Is that your only condition?” Jack asked in disbelief. “Is that all you ask in return to become my mentor?”
“Well, there is something else I must mention” the oracle said, unable to bear the questioning look in Jack’s eyes. “There is something absolutely charming about you that I can’t hide the truth” she sighed deeply to imply the weight of the burden she was trying to conceal.
“What are you trying to hide?” Jack asked.
“When I tried to delve into the crystal ball, I saw a swarm of ravens, cawing loudly and flying in circles over my head. It portends bad omen. Terribly bad!”
“Oh my God!” 
“That’s why I want to hear about your past to see if I can do anything for you”. She picked up a sharp knife and aimed at her pet raven.
“Are you sure?” Jack asked in panic.
“I am absolutely sure that a terrible misfortune shall befall upon you soon” the oracle sighed “but I am not at all sure if I can do anything for you. Now narrate the fabulous and amazing events of your life”.

Back to top

Chapter 3
Jack’s legendary story: The genesis of Halloween
Brandon Pub, Northern Ireland. 1602 A.D.
“Sign this agreement Jack,” the stranger said “and I will buy you as many drinks as you wish”.
“What shall be the agreement?” adolescent Jack said.
“I shall drown you in finest wine” the stranger replied “and you shall sell your soul to me”.
“Is it a joke?” Jack said warily “who you are?”
The stranger glanced around himself to make sure nobody was watching. Then he removed his sinister looking red mask. His pockmarked face looked even more sinister than his mask. His eagle-beak shaped nose appeared to have been broken at two places. His chin and his joint eyebrows as well, had a Devilish V-shape. He removed his red hat momentarily to reveal goat-like horns on his head. He wore back his mask and hat quickly.
Mr. Jack was stunned to find that he was confronting none other than the Devil himself. 
“Nonsense!” Jack shot back, while still composing himself “in return for one time favor, you want my soul? You think my soul is so cheap; a disposable diaper I suppose!?” Jack snapped angrily “Don’t you suppose it will be much more sensible for me to buy my own drinks instead?” Jack looked at Devil with contempt and then called aloud “Waiter!”
A tall, one-eyed man with a grave face came forward, and asked solemnly "May I help you Jack?”
“A large mug of strong whisky please” Jack said.
“With pleasure, Sir” the barman said gruffly “drinking is good for health. It increases appetite, cures insomnia, and makes the burdened mind relaxed” he offered his unsolicited advice. Finding that Jack was not quite impressed with such valuable advice being offered absolutely free, he felt deeply offended. He looked at Jack with an expression of ‘you ungrateful swine’ on his face.
He continued to peruse embarrassed Jack’s face like a thought-reader, and said, “My job demands me to be more professional than friendly. Would you mind, paying in advance?”
Jack hesitated momentarily, then searched his pockets, pulled out a few coins and offered them.
“That’s insufficient for even a quarter of a glass of cheapest rum” the waiter said with a nasty gruff and tossed them back.
Jack sighed with deep disappointment.
Jack searched his pockets again, but didn’t find another coin. 
The waiter gave a nasty grin and said “Let me give you a friendly advice: drinking is bad for youngsters. You are too young to get drunk”.
“I am already seventeen” Jack replied, “I have attained legal drinking age”.
“I am not much bothered about your age” the waiter replied “but I am really bothered that you can’t pay for another round, leave alone any handsome tips for me. So, please excuse me. Have a good night”.
The barman left abruptly to attend another customer.
“Don’t let his words break your heart, Jack” Devil said “it’s just his duty his to keep an eye on everyone in this pub”.
“I’m sure he keeps an eye on everything” Jack mocked at Devil’s insincere sympathy “it has to be an eye only” Jack said, pointing at one of his eyes “in case you haven’t noticed!”
Jack called the waiter back and said “I can’t pay the outright amount, right now. But trust me; I shall pay it next time”.
The expression on the face of the barman changed.
“I know how to deal with penniless customers like you” the barman said with a stern voice “Get out peacefully before I kick you out”.
The barman left angrily, uttering obscene slang.
Jack sat gloomily, looking depressed.
Devil patted Jack’s shoulder lightly, and said with a friendly tone “Never mind his rude words. I will offer you a free drink”.
Jack’s face brightened up. But the very next moment, the joy faded from his face. “No, but thanks!” Jack replied gloomily.
“I am well aware that…” Devil said “…without a strong drink, you will have to toss and turn in your bed miserably tonight, getting neither any sleep, nor any relief from your raging sorrows. A whole night of bitter torment! Like a gasping fish out of water”. 
Jack remained silent, and looked extremely uneasy.
“Now come on Jack” Devil said “why won’t you accept my friendly offer?”
Jack fell silent, holding his chin, lost in deep thoughts. A few moments later, Jack said, “If it’s only a friendly offer and not a bargain, then I accept your friendly offer, and shall remain grateful”.
“I don't want you to remain grateful” Devil objected bluntly “All I want is your signature”.
Devil unfolded and stretched a parchment on the old wooden table. Then he picked up an ashtray and an empty bottle of rum from the table and placed them on both ends of the parchment to keep it stretched.
He took out a feather quill and a small inkwell from his red overcoat pocket. He dipped the quill in blood-red ink, and offered the quill with a smile.
Devil bent his forefinger and tapped at the bottom of the parchment "Now sign here please! Then drink merrily like a fish".
Jack held the quill and stared blankly at the parchment.
Next moment, Jack stood up abruptly. “I have changed my mind” Jack said, “I must leave now”.
Jack took a few steps towards the door and stopped near the threshold. He couldn’t take another step forward. He clutched his head with both his hands, and stood silently in a deep dilemma. He jealously stared at an old man sitting alone in one corner and merrily drinking from his large mug.
A few moments later, Jack turned back and occupied his seat.
Devil was keenly observing Jack. "Why you are so afraid to sell your soul Jack?” Devil said.
“The price you ask for a drink is absolutely unacceptable” Jack complained.
“Why do you regard your soul as so precious?” Devil said, “Go to any grocery shop or a moneylender and try to barter your soul. Would you get a penny for it?”
Devil pulled out an oversized black cigar from his overcoat pocket and lighted it. He puffed at it from the corner of his lip, through the small opening of his red mask. 
Drumming his fingers on the table, Devil said, “Only generous people like me, trade for such worthless stuff, with the sole intention of helping people in distress”.
“If helping people is your sole intention, why do you bargain for something?”
“Simply to make them feel that they have traded something” Devil said “You can always hold your head high by feeling like a trading partner and not a beggar". Making a smoke ring, Devil said “But for me, it is like selling a prime land or a precious diamond for a penny, just for the sake of making a deal”.
“Now don’t worry Jack” Devil assured “people at your young age should be fearless. So leave aside all your worries-you will lose nothing by signing this”.
Devil rolled up the parchment, got up, and announced in a warning tone “Well, this is my offer. Either accept it or leave it. I am leaving now”.
Jack’s was craving for drink; just like an unfortunate traveler lost in the scorching dry desert craves for water. The more he struggled with his inner self to say ‘no’, the more desperate he became to grasp the offer, which was now slipping from his fingers. Jack had no time to ponder. He had to decide immediately.
“I can't sign my name” Jack said “If I put my thumb impression, will it be enough?” 
“No problem!” Devil replied “but put your thumb impression with this red ink”.
"I shall put my thumb impression. But I have one condition” Jack said “since you demand my soul as your payment, I too demand you as the bartender's payment. I mean, not your money, but you yourself".
"What do you mean by saying, ‘I should be bartender's payment’? I don’t understand". The burning cigar dropped from Devil’s fingers, perhaps in surprise or in deep confusion. 
“I heard that the Devil could transfigure according to his will. I want to see it through my own eyes” Jack said. “You transform into a coin with which I can pay the bartender. And when the bartender falls asleep…” Jack explained “… You can change back to your original form and escape”.
“Is there any particular reason behind this uncommon wish?” Devil demanded. The way he stared at Jack through his mask confirmed Devil’s deep suspicion. He perused Jack’s adolescent face silently, trying to reach a decision, and then nodded his head. “You wish to see me change into a coin?” Devil asked in a soft tone “Is that all you wish?”
“Yes!” Jack replied. “The miser barman keeps a vigilant account of each and every penny. I would love to see the rascal barman lamenting over unaccounted loss of money when he wakes up. It will be such a fun! Can you imagine: The waiter refused to offer a drink to a known person like me?"
The Devil must have thought: it’s just a silly request to see some magical transformation, before selling his soul forever! Or maybe, he just wants to play some trick with the barman to have his revenge. In any case, it is a great opportunity for me! A soul for eternity in return for a little magic and a one-time drink! I simply can't miss this opportunity!
Having made up his mind, Devil called aloud "Waiter! Two mugs of strong drink for both of us!"
* * *
Half an hour later, Jack was staggering towards his way home. As usual, he held a pumpkin-carved lantern, with a glowing lamp inside. It emitted a ghostly flickering light, illuminating the dark as he stumbled along the cobbled road. 
A subdued but shrill voice was emerging from Jack’s pocket “Oh please remove your silver crucifix-it's hurting! Take me out of your pocket”. It sounded like an earnest pleading. “Please set me free. I wish to transform back again”. 
“Oh really?!” Jack mocked “But why should I let you go free so easily?” Jack let out his scoff and ridicule through a laughter, and said “To let you help people in distress in return for their soul, I suppose?!” Jack focused much emphasis on the word ‘help’. 
Jack turned a deaf ear to all those begging for sympathy. 
“Please set me free. Please...” the pleading tone changed to a cry for pity.
“When somebody is under your power” Jack said “they say figuratively ‘the person is in your pocket’. Now I have the ‘Father of evil’ in my pocket; literally. Stay forever deep in my pocket as my pocket money. Besides, a talking coin is cool”.
However, after a while, Jack lost his cool and looked irritated from the non-stop whining and pleadings. Jack placed his hand on his pocket. “You made a deal. Now it's my turn!” 
“Oh whatever you wish” the voice emerged again from Jack’s pocket “this crucifix is burning my skin!” 
“Of course it will burn the skin” Jack said, “crucifix is supposed to fix the Devil. That’s why I have placed you with my crucifix inside my pocket, so that you can’t transform back”.
“Please set me free” a shrill pleading emerged again from Jack’s pocket.
“Then promise me that you won't come back to bother me for one year” Jack said.
“Oh yes; of course. I agree!”
“Well then, that's a deal. I set you free now.” Jack took out the coin from his pocket, and tossed it on the side of the road.
* * *
Jack went to bed, rejoicing at the thought of outwitting the Devil, and having at Devil’s expense enough drinks for a peaceful night’s sleep.
At that moment, Jack had forgotten all his miseries and sorrows of his daily life. He was only thinking how cleverly he got rid of the Devil, possibly forever. After all, Devil will simply forget their trivial encounter within one year.  Jack felt merry as a bird, as he pulled over his blanket.
* * *
Tap! Tap! Tap! There was a knock at the door.
Jack woke up rubbing his eyes, looking confused. He did not feel so happy now. He had a hangover from last night's heavy drinking, and a throbbing, aching head.
Thud! Thud! Thud...! The knocking at the door turned to banging, and was now loud as gunshot. 
Jack recoiled with fear. He jumped out of bed, muttering “oh my God! He has come again, so early in the morning! This is a bolt from the blue!”
Thudd! Thuddd...! Clank............the latch broke and the door flung open.
Standing outside was a man of medium height and strong built, dressed like a hunter. He was wearing a khaki hat and khaki half-pant and carrying a country made double-barreled gun.
Without any formality, he stormed inside and holding the barrel at Jack's chin, he demanded angrily “well Jack? Have you arranged it yet?”
“Oh please Sir, give me some more time” Jack pleaded “I shall repay every penny!” 
The man struck Jack with the butt without any warning. Jack fell on the floor and screamed “Ooouchh!”  He writhed in pain holding his chin and nose, as blood gushed out.
“That's a lesson for you! I don't want to hear excuses. I shall break every bone of your body, the next time we meet”.
Jack lay on the floor clutching his jaw tightly in agony.
“I give you three days’ time, Jack”. He softened his voice and whispered “why don't you sell your agricultural land to me? You shall get a good price for that worthless chunk”. There was a glint of greed shining at the corner of his eyes.
“Oh please Sir! That's the only piece of my ancestral land left” Jack pleaded “and besides, my part-time job as a blacksmith hardly provides enough to feed myself. I shall starve to death. I simply can’t afford to part with that land”.
“Very well, then! Pay your debt immediately!” He pointed his gun on Jack's head “you can't hide your money from me, you swine!”
“I am not hiding my money” Jack was desperate “whatever I had; I spent on the treatment of my sister. I spent all my money. Due to grinding poverty, I couldn't even continue the life-saving treatment...” Jack's voice choked with deep emotion. 
After the moneylender left, Jack appeared helpless and almost collapsing with grief. He took out an old withered parchment from the drawer and looked at his twin sister’s face. Tears rolled down his cheek in her sad memory. 
Ever since Jack’s father died, leaving him and his sister completely orphaned and penniless, Jack had been struggling to keep himself and his sister alive. And after the untimely demise of his beloved sister, Jack didn’t even have a shoulder to cry on. It was then that Jack started drinking in his late teens. 
Jack felt a compelling urge for a swig of strong drink, to drown all his sorrows. He couldn't bear to think of pawning his only plot of land to his moneylender. 
Jack decided to visit Barbarossa, his childhood friend. Surely, he may be able to suggest a way out, or arrange a suitable buyer. Even if he had to pawn with his last piece of land, Jack was determined that it shouldn't fall into the hands of his greedy moneylender.
* * *
One year is a long time-span, long enough to erase an incident from human mind.
One year is a short time-span, too short to erase an incident from Devil’s mind.
Therefore when Jack met Devil again, he was unprepared for fresh trouble. Devil, on the other hand, was fully prepared for a bout, fortified with a vow, not to be tricked by Jack again.
“Good morning Jack. I am sure, you are glad to meet me again!”
“Oh yes! Glad to meet you”. Jack stammered; his voice conveyed a feeling of deep uneasiness. Devil’s face was the last thing on earth Jack might have wished to see, especially without a mask. How horribly evil the face looked!
“I hope you are fine!” Jack said, while looking desperately for a way to slip away.
“Thanks for enquiring about my health” Devil said with a nasty grin “Why don’t you let me join your company? We can walk together. After all, we are walking in the same direction”.
“You mean you are traveling to the village pub with me?” Jack asked hopefully.
“A bit further. Towards hell, to be more precise! The path to the bar, ultimately leads there anyway”.
“To hell?! At this fine morning hour! You must be joking!”
“No, my dear friend! I have been waiting impatiently for this moment for whole one year. Your exemption period expired yesterday midnight. And, by the way, I still hold that agreement parchment with your thumb impression”.
“But, I haven’t taken my breakfast yet. And I am feeling awfully hungry” Jack said, “Why don’t we stop at the bar, have some breakfast, and one round of drinks?”
“I wish I had laced your drinks with deadly hemlock juice or arsenic last time” Devil said. His face turned fierce like a hungry, attacking wolf “You would have got what you deserved for cheating and drinking at my expense. But I am awfully sorry now, my dear friend” Devil said “Not another round of drinks now. You can’t trick me with drinks a second time”.
“At least, we can stop at a plain restaurant, so that I can fill my stomach?” Jack pleaded. His tone indicated that his hopes were dying.
“Sorry Jack! My carriage waits outside the village. So, let’s walk faster and you can have a small welcome meal at the banquet hall of Hell” Devil spoke in a determined tone.
Without hoping for any concession from the Devil, Jack resigned to his fate. 
Soon they crossed the village-pub, the windmill, the village signpost, and were now walking by cherry and apple orchards. 
“I am almost starving” Jack said, eyeing the ripe apples “would you kindly allow me to eat a few apples?”
“Why not?” Devil sneered, “I’ll love to see you munching those apples and cherries and this tasty fruitcake too!” Devil said with a bitterly sarcastic tone, holding a small cake.
“Really?” Jack said hopefully.
“No!” Devil replied. The cake crushed in Devil’s palm. A grinding sound emerged from Devil’s jaw, and his jaw muscles twitched.
“Only a few apples, Sir” Jack pleaded, “Please Sir.” 
Devil kept his mouth tightly shut and grinded his teeth.
“I heard that you generously let Adam eat the juicy fruit when god kept him hungry” Jack said “Be generous to me sir”.
The expression on Devil’s face changed visibly. The hard lines on his face softened, as if by some pleasant remembrance of the past.
“Alright, but be quick. I don’t want to be late” Devil replied “and I warn you Jack, this is the last time you are seeing sunlight. Smell the fresh air and fill your lungs to the utmost. Henceforth, you’ll live with these memories only, draped in dungeon chains”.
“I’ll be fast as a breeze” Jack said, and ran to the nearest apple tree. He climbed up hurriedly a few feet above the ground, but lost his grip and slipped down. 
Devil glanced at his wristwatch and remained silent.
Jack grasped the trunk in a tight embrace, and climbed up slowly, inch by inch, by pushing his bare feet against the trunk. Devil watched his progress impatiently, growing restless with each move.
“Hurry up, you loathsome wretch!” Devil shouted “I don’t have the whole day for you!” and stamped his foot in anger.
“Yes Sir, just a few moments more…” Jack replied, “The trunk has become slippery due to rains”.
“Is it so?!” Devil reacted harshly as he observed Jack, pulling himself up unsteadily, and breathing heavily. 
Jack reached the lowest branch, and grasped it desperately like a drowning person. His feet slipped, lost contact with the trunk, and he remained hanging from the branch with the fingers on both his hands locked against each other and his feet hanging two meters above the ground. Desperately, he tried to pull himself up, and managed to place one of his feet on the branch. 
When Jack managed to place his other feet on the branch, he looked more like a corpse, tied by his wrists and feet to a thick pole and being carried on shoulders. Devil looked at him with deep contempt and irritation.
Jack’s fingers unlocked suddenly and he fell down on his butt with a thud.
“You clumsy oaf!” Devil roared, “You wait, I’ll climb the tree and fetch you some apples”.
Devil grasped the trunk, climbed up fast, and started plucking apples. 
Jack got up, marked an imaginary cross on the trunk with his finger and then taking out the silver crucifix from his pocket, he stuck it on the tree-trunk.
“What are you doing?” Devil shouted at Jack “I have got stuck to the branch!”
Jack smiled and ignored Devil.
“Let me come down!” Devil pleaded, “I’ll give you the finest, juicy, ripe apples”.
“Set you free in return for a few apples?”  Jack laughed “No, Thanks! Now watch this” Jack walked away to the nearest apple tree, and climbed up swiftly like a squirrel. He plucked two apples, and displaying them to the Devil, he took a large bite.
“You swine! You…. you rascal!!” Devil screamed.
“Swear as much as you like” Jack said, “Now, you are as helpless as an insect on a fly-paper. You can’t even move your limbs”.
“Set me free” Devil shouted with a mixed tone of anger and pleading, “I am feeling weak and dizzy”.
“Neither am I feeling great from starvation” Jack said. “You are stuck, so breaking free is your headache. Why do I bother? My concern is to fill my empty stomach”.  Jack concentrated on the apples, oblivious to Devil’s struggle.
Jack turned deaf to Devil’s pleadings. But soon the whining of Devil turned too irritating for Jack to ignore. “Last year, it was entirely my fault that I felt pity on you and let you transform back from a coin” Jack said loudly, hoping to shut Devil’s mouth “I won’t repeat that mistake”.
“But I did reciprocate by allowing you to eat apples; didn’t I?” Devil objected “Was that my guilt, for which I am being punished?” Devil whined with louder intensity.
“Let me put it this way” Jack said “Last year I let you transform back from the coin. I paid the price for your freedom by parting with the coin in my pocket. But did you pay me back with my own coin? I mean, did you treat me in the same way as I did? Would you have ever set me free, had I not managed to stick you in that tree?”
Jack finished eating, climbed down, and started walking away. 
Devil started yelling “Set me free! I am ready to accept any of your conditions”.
Jack stopped, thought for some time and then shouted back “then promise me, that you will never take my soul to hell”.
What other option did the Devil have, but to yield submissively?
* * *
Jack was only eighteen now, but had already picked up the habit of frequent drinking to escape the harsh realities and sorrows of his life. 
Jack woke up one night and felt much lighter. He picked the glowing pumpkin lantern from the table, and proceeded towards the dressing room. 
Holding his lantern, he went to the mirror, expecting to find his eyes reddish from heavy drinking. He raised his lantern, and as he looked at the mirror, he screamed with horror.
He saw his face, semi-transparent as a mist, as if he was made of smoke! Jack gazed at the mirror, paralyzed with fear.
He lowered his lantern, and pulled up his gown. Instead of his feet, he saw a trail of thin smoke from his waist downwards, which tapered like a snake’s tail and vanished just before touching the ground. He was hovering in the air.
He glided back effortlessly to his bed and found that he had left his body behind!
His first reaction was complete shock. He remained motionless, watching his own lifeless body. Only now, he truly appreciated how handsome it looked, with long, black, wavy hairs, good muscular build and fair skin.
“My whisky must have been adulterated with poisonous wood alcohol!” Jack whispered.
Jack broke down in a sob. He hid his face in his palm and wept bitterly. What have I done! Why did I ignore the risk and friendly advices and continue drinking? Why didn’t I see my end coming so soon? Oh my God! I am too young to die. If only I had a second chance to rectify!
It took quite some time to recover from the shock. Slowly, he calmed down, and finally accepted his fate.  Jack prepared to leave this world forever, and enter the other world.
* * *
Jack’s soul was denied entry at the Gate of Heaven. The reason given was his heavy-drinking lifestyle.
“But I have sworn to become sober!” Jack strongly protested, “My drinking habit shall go to the grave with my body.”
“Entry into heaven is decided by a lifetime of actions and not by one's deeds after death”.
The only other ‘Final Destination’ Jack knew was the Gate of hell, towards which, he proceeded with a sullen face.
“So why have you come, Jack?” Devil demanded furiously, and without waiting for a reply, he shouted “If you have come, to gain entry into hell, then my answer is: ‘No! Never!’ Do you understand? I shall remain truthful to my promise, and never take your soul to hell”. Devil’s eyes glowed like red-hot charcoal with revenge “Do you think I’ll ever forget your dirty mischief, Jack?”
“But where do I go?” Jack pleaded.
“Back from where you came”, Devil roared “and you shall be doomed to roam the dark marshes and lonely roads at night, till eternity’s end. That’s my command”.  
Devils softened a bit, and said “But wait Jack! You shall need an eternal fire to light your unending dark paths. Here, take it...” Devil scooped out some burning embers of hell from the fireplace with his hand-shovel, and placed it inside Jack’s pumpkin lantern.
“And remember!” Devil warned Jack, as he was leaving “if ever you disobey this command, I shall break my promise and send you to the lowest circle of hell-the circle of eternal torture!”
* * *
Jack placed the pumpkin lantern on his table, and re-entered his own lifeless body. Almost instantly, the inert body came to life and he rose up, as if nothing had happened. 
He looked at the mirror and was amazed to see that he looked even more handsome now.  There was something extremely attractive about his face now, like Adonis of Greek mythology. He touched his own hair. It felt much softer.  He had heard stories about eternal beauty and youth of vampires and human undead, which rose up from their coffins, but never believed it till that moment.
Jack thought, he had a dream……………but no! The pumpkin lantern with the glowing embers inside, was an undeniable proof, and reminded him what had happened.
“It’s too good to be true!” Jack muttered. He took out his Jackknife, and cut his finger. Blood gushed out and he felt acute pain. This is not a dream! He placed his finger in his mouth. Then he fell on his knees and with folded hand he prayed “O my Lord! You have given me a second chance! I swear I shall never drink again”.
Almost instantly, it flashed in his mind there is still some whisky left in the bottle.
Jack rushed forward, fetched the bottle and placing it on the floor, he muttered, “I feel like pissing in the bottle!” He kicked the bottle so hard that it struck the wall and shattered into pieces, spilling the whisky. The strong smell of whisky gave him a nauseating feeling, a sudden disgust, as if he would instantly vomit.
Jack roamed alone in the marshes all night, pondering. It is a death and rebirth experience for me. I have become sober from a drunkard.
Jack had the whole night to ruminate. I am technically a ‘corporeal undead’ now. Jack concluded. But what have I become-a zombie; or maybe a vampire; or perhaps only an undead human?

Back to top

Chapter 4
Tick-tock: Time flies so fast
Days turned to months, months to years, and years to decades. Jack had no other real option, but to obey Devil’s command and roam alone in the darkness of the night, carrying his pumpkin lantern. Jack’s aging had stopped completely after his ‘death and rebirth’ experience, and he always appeared to be in his late teens and eternally handsome.
Jack was wandering alone one late night, carrying his pumpkin lantern, when he happened to pass along the solitary hut of an ancient Celtic druid. He heard a mournful wail, and rushed inside the hut.
Jack found an old druid, lying alone on his deathbed and moaning feebly. Jack sensed instantly that he was so feeble that he could not even turn around or move his limbs. A smell of urine hung in the air.
On seeing Jack, he moaned “water…water…I am dying of thirst”.
Jack placed his pumpkin lantern on the table, and fetched a glass of water from an earthen pitcher from one corner of the hut. Then he gently quenched the dying man’s thirst.
“Throughout my life, I have cured ill persons, saved life, and performed the rituals of ‘oak and mistletoe’ to raise new families…” the druid said with a deep sigh “…and now I lay alone counting my remaining breaths. How I wish I were surrounded by friends and family at my last moments!”
Jack felt the acute pain of loneliness of the helpless soul from his own experience of unending lonely nocturnal roaming.
“I can feel my death approaching fast,” the Celtic druid said in a feeble voice. With much effort he clasped Jack’s hand and made an ardent request “Promise me that you will give proper respect to my dead body”.
Jack remained silent. Then he spoke in a mournful tone “I shall give you a proper burial”. Jack kissed his own silver crucifix and said, “May your soul find eternal peace”.
“No!” the druid protested, “Our clan of Celts don’t bury the dead, but cremate them. Promise me a proper funeral”. He paused, gasping for breath and then said, “We Celts don’t pray for eternal peace, but we believe in re-birth. All soul is reborn and is returned to the cycle of life”.
Jack wiped his tears. He controlled his emotions and said with a determined tone “I promise you a proper funeral”.
“You have a big heart” the druid said “only a sensitive person will bother to care for a dying old stranger at the dead of the night, and shed tears for him”.
The Celtic druid tossed and turned in his deathbed, showing signs of breathlessness. It was clearly visible on his face that he was wearing out his remaining strength. “I have no successor” he spoke with great effort “You must have been sent by God at my last moments. Before I breathe my last, I adopt you as my own son”.
Jack could no longer hold back the tears flowing down his cheek.
“Before I close my eyes” the druid spoke with great difficulty “I wish to hand you over my most valued treasure, which I inherited from my father…which has been passing down for generations in our family…There, remove that brick from that marked spot on the wall…” the druid pointed at a black spot and fell silent.
Jack stepped forward, picked up a rusty crowbar and removed the brick. He found a small rusted tin box placed inside a small hollow. He fetched it back, opened the lid, pulled out an old paper and gazed at the pale, lifeless face of the dying druid.
“Our Celtic God of the dead controls the dark world and spirits of the dead and he can also let them haunt wild at night. Now unfold that paper!” the druid spoke with an energetic burst of excitement, just like a candle, which burns brightest, just before burning off.
Jack unfolded the paper and saw a Wicca pentagram symbol and a verse on it.
“That verse gives authority over the dark world” the druid spoke in one breath “but only when uttered seven times at midnight in a lonely graveyard, on the waxing gibbous phase of the moon, when the wolves howl seven times, and the owl hoots thrice…and…and…” the voice of the druid choked and he closed his eyes. He was breathing desperately like a drowning person. He muttered something almost inaudible, which feebly sounded like”…and on sighting a shooting star”.
“Getting all that combination together is an extremely rare event” the druid sighed “I had been waiting for that rare moment for my whole life, but didn’t find it”.
He grasped Jack’s hand tightly and said, “As my adopted son, you must promise me to respect our ancient tradition. You must dress in scary costumes like ghost or zombie or skeleton during the month of ‘Samhain’ to frighten away evil spirits. Swear to me”.
“I swear” Jack said.
The old druid smiled with intense gratitude and breathed his last.
Jack held the druid’s wrist between his fingers and found that his heartbeat has stopped. Jack closed his eyelids gently and kissed his own crucifix.
* * *
Jack was doomed to roam the dark lonely paths of Ireland till eternity on Devil’s command. 
Jack kept his promise to the Celtic druid and dressed in scary costumes during the Celtic month of ‘Samhain’. But people outside the Celtic Druid’s locality were not aware of this ‘Samhain’ tradition, and things went awry. 
When a lonely traveler saw adolescent Jack, dressed as ghost and carrying the ghostly-light emitting pumpkin lantern, he shuddered with fear. He spread horror stories about Jack to his relatives and friends like a contagious disease. Others, who met a zombie or a skeleton carrying a pumpkin lantern, also spread the words like scarlet fever.
Even those who never met Jack, enthusiastically told scary stories about Jack, describing him as a monster, or a stingy middle aged man with a heart of stone, or a Devil-incarnate or God knows what! And the listener in turn would add more spices, a pinch of salt and swear that every word was true, and was only recounting his own horrific experience.
In the eventful year of 1846 A.D., Ireland came under the spell of the ‘Great Potato Famine’. Thousands of Irish people started immigrating to North America. Since Jack had no hope of a change in fate, he decided that he should try for a change of place. He managed to grab hold of a ticket, and boarded a ship, bound for North America. 
* * *
In the new world, Jack started residing in an old wooden mansion, in a Mexican settlement called ‘village of the dead’ in the ‘Great Lakes’ region.
Jack was roaming alone in a haunted cemetery one midnight. Jack was completely unaware of the horrific reputation of that cemetery, where unidentified corpses were often buried without a proper ritual. There were rumors that dark creatures lurked in that cemetery at midnight and corpses rose from their graves.
Jack was startled by a hooting sound.
Jack searched for the origin of the sound, and spotted an owl sitting on a tree. Jack saw a corpse hanging by its neck from the branch of that tree.
A howling cry came from nearby. Jack shuddered in alarm.
“Wolves!” Jack whispered, as the howling grew steadily louder. The howling cry ended with a hyena like laughter.
“Oh my God!” Jack whispered as he froze with fear “Those are not wolves but a pack of werewolves: at least half a dozen of them!”
Jack stared at the moon to see if it was full moon, when werewolves turn particularly ferocious and feed on carcass or raw human flesh. Jack was surprised to find that the moon was in the gibbous phase.
An eerie silence followed, broken only occasionally by the chirping of cricket insects.
The owl hooted again. The howling cry followed by hyena like laughter appeared to come from all directions. Jack was being surrounded by a pack of hungry werewolves, and they were closing in on him. Jack felt his heart thumping in his chest, and a chilling fear made his hair stand on end.
Jack prayed and gazed at the heavens hoping for a miraculous rescue. He saw a shooting star. “Must be an omen of providential rescue,” Jack whispered. 
Something struck in Jack’s mind like a lightning flash. He rushed to the nearest grave and sat down in front of a tombstone. He recited the verse, which the dying Celtic priest had given him. 
Another volley of howling sound broke the deadly silence of the night. 
Jack recited the verse again in panic. The owl hooted again, with an unearthly blood-chilling tone.
Drops of sweat appeared on Jack’s forehead and his mouth went dry out of fear. He recited the verse again.
Jack heard soft creaking noises all around him. He watched with horror as the lids of several half-buried coffins moved, and shadowy smoke-like figures rose and soared up from the buried coffins.
Jack closed his eyes, gathered all his courage and recited the verse again…and then once again.
All around him, corpses were rising from their graves and crawling out.
Jack recited the verse one last time.
A gust of wind sent the dead leaves and twigs hurtling on Jack’s face. Then everything stopped abruptly.
The zombies and vampires came closer, knelt down in submission, and bowing down their heads, they said to Jack “Give us your order, young master”.
“What!?” Jack stammered.
“We are your obedient servants” they said in unison. The hovering ghosts cried in a shrill voice “Master! Master!” Some of them were clanking their rusty iron chains.
“We will obey you and raise you our dark army from far and wide,” they said.
The werewolves came forward and said “From now onwards, we will follow you like shadow throughout the night”.
“Oh my God!” Jack stammered again. His hands were still trembling uncontrollably, whether from sheer relief or excitement is difficult to tell. He groped for something to instill back his courage. He picked up the pumpkin lantern from his side.
Instantly the dark creatures bowed down to the pumpkin lantern. The ghosts whizzed and glided through the air, raising cries of excitement.
“What is that glowing object, which attracts us just like insects to the flames?” they said “And what is your name young master?”
“Call me Jack!” he replied, swallowing his fear “and this is my pumpkin lantern…I call it Jack-o’-Lantern”.
***
Jack’s ‘pumpkin lantern’ started becoming famous throughout North America and then worldwide like wildfire. The village fortune-teller removed his Mexican ‘sombrero’ hat from his head as a sign of respect, and made a bold prediction “one day, Jack will change the tradition of the entire world”.
The residents of Jack’s Mexican village stopped celebrating the ‘Day of the dead’, their annual event of Ghost worship, and started hanging ‘Jack-o’-lantern’ in front of their homes. They started calling Jack as ‘Jack-o’-Halloween’ and changed the name of their village to ‘Halloween village’ to show their respect to Jack.
True to his ever-adolescent heart, Jack started the tradition of trick-or-treat in his own village, just as a childish prank. The fortune-teller was right again: it soon spread far & wide.
Jack was surprised to meet his childhood best-friend, Barbarossa, one day, quite by accident in the new world. Barbarossa had become an undead human and stopped aging after his twenty-seventh birthday, and had migrated to America. Jack was overjoyed. On Jack’s request, Barbarossa started staying with him. They made a perfect pair, although Barbarossa looked a decade older than Jack and was shorter in height.
* * *
Several decades passed since Jack landed in America. He still looked in his late teens and handsome as ever. Even the natural glaze on his wavy hairs had not faded.
“Eternal youth often comes to someone, who has sold his soul to Devil” Barbarossa explained to Jack one day “Besides, vampires and undead humans often have unnaturally long lifespan-I mean ‘indefinite life span’. They are still prone to accidental death or intentional death, but immune to aging and hence natural death”.
Jack was damn sure he was just an undead human and not a vampire, since he hated the sight and smell of blood. Besides, while combing his hair, he could see his own image in the mirror, which a vampire can’t.
This status quo continued indefinitely until on the thirteenth of a month, on a Friday, when the mirror slipped from Jack’s hand and was shattered into exactly thirteen pieces.
“A terrible omen! It portends disaster!” Barbarossa said “Our peaceful world is going to be shattered very soon”.

Back to top


Chapter 5
The Conference
The two ‘Christmas gift-distributors, Mr. Santa Claus of America and ‘comrade’ Ded Moroz of Russia took their reserved seats across the ivory carved round table, while the reserved seat of Father Christmas of England was vacant. They were holding the historic talks at ‘Le Grande’ palace in the sunny, Black Sea resort.
Mr. Santa looked plump and jolly with trimmed white beard. He was wearing red coat and red trousers with white cuffs, black leather belts and boots, and a red pointed fur cap.
Ded Moroz was wearing an aristocratic, blue ‘Czarist’ cap on his head. He was holding a silver staff, which he reclined on the chair. He had excessively long, wavy and thick, white beard, reaching up to his knees and he was dressed in heel-length, blue ‘fur coat’ with gold buttons. 
“How distinct both of us look today, wearing our favorite colors!” Mr. Santa opened with a silly comment. 
Ded Moroz ignored his remark and said, “You look healthy. Oh, and how is your wife?”
“My wife?” Santa Claus fumbled at this unexpected question “she’s fine”.
“I wish her health” Moroz said, “You have got more in your life than you deserve-a lucky rascal I must say” Ded Moroz offered his compliment with a hearty laughter. “I remember watching both of you dance at the prom; her youth and beauty settin the stage on fire”.
Mr. Santa felt his adrenaline shoot up and giving him a burst of temper. Moroz had an affair with her in the past Ruprecht’s words flashed in his mind Moroz has a deep grudge for losing her hand in marriage another shot of adrenaline pumped into Santa’s bloodstream Moroz wants to make up for the past loss-wants her in his harem. Santa’s thumping heart and his rushing blood had flushed his face red.
Santa Claus pulled the rein on his burst of mad temper. He thought it best to hide his raw feelings and completely ignore Moroz’s pinching and pinpricking remarks. He decided to act ignorant of lied inside Moroz’s heart and focus on this important meet. If Moroz thinks I am completely unaware of his feelings towards my wife, let him stick to his foolish belief. Protesting will make him alert that I have come to know a lot about him. Mr. Santa concluded.
It took several moments for Santa Claus to recompose himself. He forced a smile on his face and decided to face this historic moment.
“First of all, I congratulate you on this historic occasion” Mr. Santa said with a sweetest tone possible “Weihnachtsman has been ousted, and his dream of domination of the ‘Christmas World’ is finally shattered. Now we can divide his German territory among ourselves”.
Ded Moroz rose up from his seat and started rampaging to and fro, making loud thudding noise with his Russian ‘Valenki’ boots. Then he walked towards the table, on which a globe of the world was placed.
He gave the globe a brisk spin and watched it spin rapidly. “Yes, business talks first!” Moroz said, “Regarding division of territory…let’s come directly to the point”.
Ded Moroz paused and then spoke in a louder, clearer and more determined tone “I want exclusive gift distribution rights, over Poland and Romania…and more importantly, I want complete demarcation of Soviet territory and Western Europe, so that there won’t be any encroachment” he grasped the spinning globe with both his hands “and then we can divide the rest of Weihnachtsman’s Germany equally between ourselves”.
Santa Claus was dumbstruck, as if he received a sudden blow without any warning. 
Recovering from the initial shock, Mr. Santa said “Is such a demarcation of Soviet territory and Western Europe absolutely essential?”
“Oh hell, Yes!” Ded Moroz replied stubbornly.
“You see…” Mr. Santa stammered “…my intention in calling this conference was to discuss means of peaceful coexistence for both of us-“
“Peaceful coexistence?!” Ded Moroz repeated with a severe frown “Can two tigers coexist peacefully in the same patch of forest? Or can two swords stay happily in the same sheath?”
“Can’t we be friendly?” Santa said.
“Certainly” Ded Moroz shot back “but remember: a strong fence in between makes good neighbors”.
“But nowadays” Santa said “the free market concept-“
“Now listen, dear Santa” Ded Moroz interrupted instantly “I dislike encroachment on our Russian territory. Even at a microscopic level, salesmen and burglars and professionals operate in their well-defined territories. We are talking at a global level. How can you extend your sphere of influence over the entire globe without clashing with the interests of others?” Ded Moroz’s tone conveyed that he was fast losing his temper.
“But it is all about gift distribution” Mr. Santa stammered, “It is about free donations and ‘giving away’. Conflicts is supposed to arise only when the question of ‘taking away’ arises, isn’t it?” 
“Hah! Don’t teach me that you are just a generous philanthropist, who goes about distributing gifts without any self-interest. I am in the same business myself and I spend an immense fortune annually, for the same unspoken purpose” Ded Moroz snapped furiously “Doesn’t other ‘gift-distributors’ have the same goals, dreams and great ambitions like you?”
Ded Moroz lowered his tone and said “And besides, may I ask how you accumulated such a vast wealth in the first place, to go on with your show act of distributing gifts?”
Mr. Santa’s face turned pale, and he quickly tried to change the subject “But earlier, the demarcation postponement was almost agreed upon, orally. Poland and Romania which you now demand, were supposed to be regarded as disputed lands”.
“Well, we can draw new boundary lines” Ded Moroz said “After all, the boundaries are not engraved on stone!”
Santa Claus opened his mouth to say something, but failed. He stiffened his voice and said, “At best, all I can do is dropping my own claim, but regard those two as buffer states. It will be a fair compromise, which is in accordance with your idea of a strong fence”.
“But I can’t agree with that status!” Ded Moroz shot back harshly “Poland and Romania are an integral part of Russian territory”.
Ded Moroz poured himself some ‘Russian Vodka’ and finished it off with one gulp. “People in Western Europe have already started believing that Santa Claus is synonymous to their traditional gift distributors like ‘Father Christmas’ and ‘Saint Nicholas’. I strongly object over my identity being replaced by yours”.
A stunning silence followed.
A few moments later, Mr. Santa Claus announced to Ded Moroz in a submissive voice “I shall consider your demand favorably, and of course, very seriously”. 
“I hope so!” Ded Moroz announced triumphantly.
“I think that should satisfy you completely, Dear Moroz” Santa said.
Ded Moroz grunted and didn’t reply.
Mr. Santa Claus didn’t appear to be very happy over his own announcement, but didn’t raise any conditions either. He was looking depressed at losing a chunk of territory to his competitor for maintaining peace. He simply turned his face and stared at the golden cage hanging by a long golden chain from the ceiling. He observed the chirping finches and kept quiet.
After these brief conversations, they hotly debated on other pressing matters, like forming a ‘World Association of Christmas Gift-distributors’.
The heated conversations were still going on, when two waiter Elves entered the hall, carrying large golden and silver trays. Both were about three feet high and had long pointed ears and tennis ball sized, protruding eyes. Both were dressed in green uniform with shining service badges above their shirt pockets and pointed fur caps. One of them was very fair skinned, and the other one was pitch black. 
They placed the trays on the table. There were cups of ‘Café au Lait’ and ‘Darjeeling tea’, Yorkshire puddings, Madeira cakes, cream-coated mushroom pizzas, salted cashew nuts, Mexican milk cakes, and cold soups.
The light-skinned Elf clapped his hands and uttered “Light!” 
Immediately, the lights of the hall became dimmer and Persian candles on silver chandeliers lighted up on its own. The colors of the walls and the themes of the life sized portraits on wall frames started changing. The conference hall started resembling a dining hall.
The duo took a break from their debate joyfully, and grasped their favorite pieces of edibles from the plate. Ded Moroz started munching as if he was in a great hurry (Evidently, the ‘Russian Vodka’ had raised comrade Moroz’s appetite). He was almost gulping off the ‘Okroshka’ from his china bowl.
All of a sudden, the bowl slipped from his hand, fell on the jaded marble floor and was shattered into pieces, spilling the soup. 
The Dark Elf looked angrily at the Light Elf and spoke in a commanding tone “Now clear up this mess and mop the floor”.
“How can you command me?”  The Light Elf replied, “We both are in the same post. And besides, I have seniority of service”.
The Dark Elf shot back with bloodshot eyes “How dare you argue with me?! You pale skinned, inferior race!” he fumed with anger as he spoke “You ought to have been assigned the job of a cleaner or maybe a sweeper” He demonstrated using an imaginary mop-stick “I wonder who appointed you as a waiter…” He looked at Mr. Santa momentarily, with deep disgust. If you are taking salary, you must offer your service without complaint. Or else, take voluntary retirement, and leave us. We are so sick of you people mixing with us!”
By now, the Light Elf had lost his patience. “Speak not of salary and service to me” his reply gave out his rising temper “you Dark Elves go on mass strikes more frequently in Santa Claus’s workshops”.
Mr. Santa Claus stared at the Dark Elf over his spectacles. 
The Dark Elf turned away his face and spoke stubbornly “Our demands are very genuine. And, besides, till completely separate boarding and dining arrangements are made for Light and Dark Elves, we shall continue to go on strike!”
“Oh yeah?!” the light elf shot back “You got to be kidding-“
Mr. Santa gestured the Elves to leave. They complied, but with a deep grudge that their voices were unheard, and their brain-dead master ignored their complaints. 
It must have been a great embarrassment for Santa that his servant Elves should quarrel openly and invite Ded Moroz’s suppressed delight. After all, Mr. Santa had taken lots of efforts to organize this conference flawlessly. But, since, now the cat was out of the bag, he decided to discuss matters further.
“I had other matters to discuss with you; dear Moroz” Santa Claus said, “Your propaganda about worker’s rights is spreading unrest among thousands of my worker elves. They are going on strikes, closing down my toy factories, and making lots of impossible demands”.
“I strongly object to this, dear Santa. Their demands are very genuine” Ded Moroz said. He gave a piercing look at Mr. Santa and continued, “They want better pay, less working hours, job security, retirement benefits and so on. It is only this very few things they are demanding. If anything is to be blamed, it is your capitalistic attitude! They whisper on your back ‘Our Santa is growing plump at the expense of our blood and sweat’. Yes that’s what they say”. 
Santa Claus quickly hid his embarrassment and tried to defuse the situation “Well, maybe it is the centuries old rivalry between Dark and Light Elves, and has nothing to do with ideological conflict”. He paused for a breath and continued, “It seems we should have another meeting soon. Is my summer residence, in the Korvatunturi Mountain of Lapland, agreeable?”
“No! No! That won’t be possible for me” Ded Moroz responded “I am an old man, and my doctors have advised me, not to undertake long trips. Or else, I would have accepted your proposal and this meeting would have been held in some Mediterranean island instead”. 
Ded Moroz poured himself some fruit punch and continued in a complaining tone “You always travel comfortably on your flying reindeer sledge. But my journey on my Troika horse-carriage is quite jerky and tiresome. So I don’t prefer to travel too often, and rather stay in my nice official residence in Veliky Ustyug”.
“Before we part, I have something more to discuss” Santa Claus said “Our ally, ‘Father Christmas’ of England, is unable to be present here due to pressing reasons. However he had asked me to represent him at this meeting. We haven’t yet shared any of our newly gained German territory with him!”
“That’s perfectly okay!” Ded Moroz replied bluntly “Both of us will be left with a larger chunk, if we make two divisions rather than three!”
“But won’t it be unfair to leave out ‘Father Christmas’ empty handed?” Santa Claus said, “After all, he was quiet helpful in ousting Weihnachtsman”.
“You may share some of your territory with your English friend if you wish” Ded Moroz replied playfully in a humorous tone. “But I am not inclined to part with an inch of my territory!” announced in an irate tone.
“Maybe, we can discuss about this in our next meeting” Santa Claus said hopefully.
“What we should rather have on our agenda is ‘Eastern Europe’” Ded Moroz spoke firmly “I must demand a sphere of influence over all children of Eastern Europe”. He finished off his fruit punch and corrected his words with a punch “Actually they are children of Russia”.

Back to top

Chapter 6
Devil’s Plans
The minutes of the ‘Santa-Moroz’ conference reached Devil’s global headquarter at Pandemonium within three hours and forty-five minutes.
Devil called a meeting with his chief advisor and secretary, Beelzebub. After some preliminary round of discussions, they came to the point.
“I think we should start exploiting the territorial conflict between Santa Claus and Ded Moroz immediately” Devil suggested.
“Shouldn’t we wait patiently for the opportunity to ripen?” 
“Such passive patience suits only a patently bedridden patient!” Devil blurted his favorite tongue twister and growled. 
Biting the stub of his black cigar, Devil said, “The door of opportunity is already wide open. By trying to satisfy Ded Moroz’s demands, Mr. Santa Claus has simply flared up his ambitions. Mark my words: Ded Moroz is not only planning to compete with Santa, but dreams of replacing Santa Claus completely from the Christmas arena”.
“What would you like me to do now?” Beelzebub asked.
Devil appeared surprised at this abrupt submissive reaction from his non-budging advisor. Why should his good but partly selfish advisor suddenly turn docile?
“Clapping with one hand isn’t possible; neither is one-sided enmity sustainable for long” Devil said. “Therefore, heavily bribe some close person of Santa Claus to defect to Ded Moroz this time. Instruct him to make no distinction between facts and lies in his confessional disclosure, as long as our purpose is achieved”.
Devil closed his eyes and let out a smoke ring, filling the room with a strong smell of tobacco. “Let that person spill the beans about Mr. Santa’s secret plans and reveal some alarming plots to Ded Moroz. This will surely boost the ‘Santa-Moroz’ rivalry and our own project shall proceed smoothly”.
“Your wish is my command” Beelzebub bowed his head.
Devil looked warily at Beelzebub’s docility, as if almost aware of ‘something else’ brewing in Beelzebub’s mind. Devil appeared to be trying to figure out the striking point of his advisor’s hard-bargaining tactic. “Would you like to share some of your thoughts, Beelzebub?” Devil made his gambit move.
“As per your instructions, I have thoroughly examined a list of possible candidates for heading this project” Beelzebub said, “obviously, ‘Krampus’ tops the list in qualifications”. 
Beelzebub handed over the list to Devil. He waited for a few moments for a response from Devil, but getting none, he continued, “Krampus is definitely the most suitable candidate for this task. As you are very well aware, he was the right hand person and spymaster of Weihnachtsman. He is ruthless and ambitious……….and besides, he has access to lots of dark secrets of both Santa Claus and Ded Moroz”.
“I thank you for your selection” Devil replied, “Krampus is indeed very suitable. But I have made up my mind”. Devil removed the cigar from his mouth, puffed out slowly, and tapped the cigar over the ashtray.
“May I ask whom you wish to appoint?” Beelzebub said.
“As my advisor, you have right to know. I shall appoint Jack…I mean...Jack-o’-Halloween”.
“Jack-o’-Halloween!” Beelzebub exclaimed “Jack-o’-Halloween, my lord?” Dissatisfaction appeared on Beelzebub’s face like a child denied his birthday present. 
“That’s right!” Devil said “all the dark forces respect him and pay homage to his Jack-o’-Lantern, especially on Halloween night. Jack is undoubtedly the ‘pumpkin King’ of Halloween!”
“But does he suit our purpose?” Beelzebub blurted.
“Why not?” Devil replied “First thing to consider is, Jack had sold his soul to me; so he will be nothing more than a puppet. Secondly, despite his huge popularity in the dark world, he doesn't maintain a ‘standing army’ of dark forces. It suits me perfectly. He has a little power to protest. Thirdly, by appointing him in my service, we can automatically gain an upper hand over the dark forces as well. Nice kills with a shot, isn’t it?”
Beelzebub considered his master’s words carefully and then said “You wished to rock Christmas world by bringing Santa and Moroz, the two titans, in direct confrontation and enjoy the clash. For that, Krampus, a seasoned expert on darker side of Christmas world, might have been a better choice”.
Devil crushed his unfinished cigar in the ashtray. “Of course I’ll love to see the two greedy scoundrels fighting over a bone” Devil grinned “But not just for pleasure! You haven’t fully understood the project yet”. 
Devil paused to drink some bubbling and fuming; amber colored liquid, holding his nose tightly and forcing it rapidly down his throat. Then he resumed “Christmas has rapidly gained a foothold worldwide, but at the expense of the dark world. The dark forces are dwindling in number. Vampires no longer dare to form open societies in Europe and America. Even worshipping me is becoming a taboo! Voodoo culture is declining, and zombies in Caribbean and West Africa are having a tough time…. It is the same sad story everywhere I survey”.
The gloom on Devil’s face cleared slowly and a ray of hope appeared; just like the ray of sunlight appearing behind a dark cloud. “But we can unite all Halloween creatures under my banner in Jack-o-Halloween’s name” Devil said “and a lot of funding will be borne by immensely wealthy Santa Claus and Ded Moroz. Each of them shall maintain huge units of my dark armies, at their own costs, to maintain their cut-throat rivalry!”
“I understand your plans, my Lord; but there is one problem. As far as I am aware, most people associate Jack with evil” Beelzebub said “They dread him like a monster and shudder at the sight of his pumpkin lantern. He is the alleged bad guy. Employing this outsider from the dark world to manipulate the supposed bright Christmas world may expose our own image”.
“You are speaking of good image, eh?!” Devil said in a mocking tone “Don't you suppose, everybody knows, that your favorite candidate Krampus kidnaps children, and feed on their flesh?” There was an unmistaken tone of sarcasm in Devil’s voice.
Beelzebub fell silent. He seemed nervous and trying to guess what was coming next after this reprimand.
Devil removed his own cap, which revealed two small, goat-like horns, on his head.  Then he scratched his thick, black beard and said thoughtfully “You are right. Harmless Jack’s image has become synonymous to a monster!” 
Reflecting deeply for some more time, and then becoming serious, Devil said, “Instead of worrying, I should rather spare no effort to magnify this image of Jack. He is exactly what I need. A harmless paper tiger, an eternal adolescent, dreaded as a monster!” He observed Beelzebub’s reaction for a moment and continued, “think in the reverse way. Fear can often accomplish what love can’t”.
The last trace of hope vanished from Beelzebub’s face on hearing this. “But my Lord, it is a very responsible and challenging job, requiring a lot of expertise” Beelzebub said. “If rumors are to be believed, Jack was a village rustic; half illiterate and a drunkard”.
“He is like a lump of steel; awaiting treatment in a forge to become sharpest sword” Devil reacted instantly “You are quite unaware how sharp-witted he really is! He is like a piece of uncut diamond, requiring just cut and polish to shine brilliantly”.
“What about Krampus, my Lord?” Beelzebub stammered.
“Have you made any secret deal with Krampus?” Devil asked bluntly “Have you already taken his bribe, or, expecting a fat commission from him?”
“No my Lord” Beelzebub said with a shocked tone and a pale, bloodless face “I think only about your benefit. Always”.
Devil appeared relieved on seeing the miserable and depressed face of Beelzebub. “Returning back to your question” Devil said, “I intend to appoint Krampus as Jack’s mentor and guide. He will teach Jack about reverse psychology, lessons of diplomacy, the art of running secret organization, and all sorts of useful dark arts. Just watch how I turn this village rustic into a greatest grandmaster”.
“If you had already decided, then why did you ask me to search for candidates?” Beelzebub said in a complaining tone.
“Don't feel frustrated. Your efforts have not gone in vain” Devil assured “I have gone through your list, and I feel convinced now, that we haven't missed some better candidate”.
“You really wish to see Jack in a position of power and importance?” Beelzebub said.
“Not really! He shall be in my service” Devil said “I am the owner of his soul. I had ordered him to roam at night till eternity. He has roamed enough like a free bull. Now it is time to put the yoke on his shoulder!”
“But Sir, I think you should consider-”
“Now pay attention to what I say” Devil scolded “I want you to approach Jack, and force him to join my service. Blackmail him if needed. But don't intimate him anything of our plans” Devil commanded. “He should first learn that I am the boss, and he must be taught to obey orders without questions…and besides, I have some personal scores to settle first”.
Beelzebub looked hesitated, as if unsure whether to stay or to leave. He muttered, “Is it your final decision? I mean, I had not even considered Jack as a candidate for this task. I don't know much about his bio-data, or about his past!”
“But I do!” Devil said “I met Jack for the first time in a bar in Ireland a long time ago. I remember as if it happened yesterday”.
“And what if, he refuses to join our service?” Beelzebub asked.
“I have already thought about that” Devil said, and pulled out a rolled parchment from his drawer.
“Jack had sold his soul to me” Devil said, “This parchment contains his thumb impression with my red ink”. Devil handed it over to Beelzebub.
From another drawer, Devil pulled out a doll with a face remarkably similar to Beelzebub. Then he took a sack-needle and started playing menacingly with the doll.
Beelzebub’s hand shook, and his face turned pale with horror as he watched on.
“You know the dire consequence of failure; don’t you?” Devil said.
Beelzebub recoiled at the mention of ‘consequence’, just like burnt child recoils on facing a bright candle.
While Beelzebub shuddered, Devil’s eyes turned into glowing charcoal. “Take this parchment-just in case!” Devil said in an ice-cold voice.

Back to top

Chapter 7
Devilish Blackmail
Jack was playing a game of ‘snakes and ladders’ with Barbarossa. Jack’s face was brimming with hope at the distinct possibility of winning the game and pocket all the silver coins on the table as he threw the dice.
“Down goes your piece!” Barbarossa said triumphantly “you slipped down right from the verge of victory”.
“What a bad luck!” Jack sighed, as he moved his piece down to the tail of the snake “this only reflects my own horrible fate in my real life” Jack sighed deeply once again.
“Come on Jack, don’t make a mountain out of a molehill” Barbarossa said “There are plenty of ladders as well”.
“My lantern has become the mascot of Halloween around the world, but I am still an unknown figure” Jack spoke with a passion; as if it were the first time he was narrating his sorrow to Barbarossa. “I have never been able to appear in the limelight myself. How horrible my fate is: I am doomed to roam the lonely paths at night till eternity. Curse the Devil!”
No sooner had Jack uttered Devil’s name, there was a knock at the door, and Devil’s henchman Beelzebub appeared. “Jack” Beelzebub said, “Why do you swear in my Lord’s name? Here I am; at your service.” Then he addressed Barbarossa “May I have a private chat with Mr. Jack please?”
Barbarossa left.
“I have overheard some of your laments!” Beelzebub said, “Well, I wasn't eavesdropping actually. I was just standing outside the door patiently. Some of your laments entered my ears”.
Jack frowned and said “so you were not eavesdropping, eh?!”
“Now don't be cross Jack. I have come at the right moment, at the right place, with the right offer. I have come to your relief and to fulfill your heart’s desire”.
“If I am not mistaken, you have been sent here by your master, the Devil!” Jack’s voice stiffened “What exactly do you want?”
“My master shall make you the undisputed king of Halloween” Beelzebub made a solemn vow “You shall become as famous yourself as your lantern. But for that to happen, you must follow my instructions blindly. You must join Lord Devil’s service first”.
“So, this is your offer!” Jack sneered, “Is that why you came here?”
“Thank your stars, Jack. You really don't know how lucky you are!” Beelzebub spoke with great enthusiasm “You have been chosen by none other than Lord Devil himself to join his service. It is something anyone would crave for. It is a rare opportunity to prove your true worth.”
“Thanks, but I'm not interested” Jack reacted bluntly.
“It is a really exciting offer. Real worthwhile, I assure you, and…” Beelzebub took out a small, silver snuff-box from his hip pocket and inhaled a pinch of snuff deeply “…as your friend said, there are ladders as well. Try to climb this ladder of success”.
“You ask me to trust Devil?” There was a tone of distrust and hatred in Jack’s voice.
“Lord Devil must have felt pity on you, and he's willing to spare you from this eternal punishment” Beelzebub said “Are you not disgusted with your present unchanging situation? Don't you crave for a change Jack?”
“You are a good diplomat, I must admit! You can ask someone to go to hell in such a manner that he will actually look forward for the trip” Jack said with laughter “So what exactly do you suggest Sir Beelzebub?” 
“Just sign this document, and you shall be in Lord Devil’s glorious service”.
“For how long is this contract?” Jack asked and glanced at the document through the corner of his eye.
“Well  ... umm…you see ... ... I mean, the expiry date has not been specified, which effectively means indefinitely” Beelzebub faltered momentarily at Jack’s unexpected question. Composing himself quickly, he added, “The bright side is, you need not ever fear termination from service or bear the tension of retirement”.
“What?! You mean I shall be his eternal slave! Oh my God!” Jack’s jaw fell in astonishment and he gazed at Beelzebub “you are asking me to jump from the frying pan into the fire!”
“You must be joking, dear Jack! How can you label such an incredible offer as enslavement? You are absolutely confused” Beelzebub paused, and pulled out a bottle of whisky from his hip pocket. He opened the lid and offered it to Jack “take a swig, Jack! Your doubts and confusions shall vanish. You shall be able to think more clearly”.
“Thanks, but I won't touch that Devil's liquor” Jack said, “I have completely sobered up”.
“Changes bring opportunity, Jack. Be brave, and grasp the opportunity. Lady Fortune kisses the brave and slaps the cowards”. Beelzebub touched Jack’s soft cheek and moved his fingers playfully up to his lips. “Would you prefer the warm kiss of miss fortune, or the icy-cold kiss of misfortune?”
“What if I don’t sign this?” Jack said. He had stiffened like a log, and his knuckles tightened, displaying his bold and adamant attitude.
“Of course you will sign it” Beelzebub sneered with deep confidence “unless you were born with brain damage from your mother’s womb”. His tone was bitterly caustic “but even then, we know ways of curing this mental disorder called ‘obstinacy’ completely”.
“Thanks for clarifying!” Jack retorted, “But I am not at all inclined to sign it”.
“Now don’t be silly Jack” Beelzebub pulled out the rolled, old parchment from his garment and displayed to Jack “we still have this”.
“Are you threatening me?” Jack said. He was shaking with uncontrollable emotions.
“I am only trying to be reasonable” Beelzebub said “but if you like to see it that way, then so be it”.
“And what if I refuse to sign it?” Jack’s lips were trembling, his face was pale, and his voice didn’t sound like his own.
“Now don’t speak shit like a Jackass, dear Jack” Beelzebub said with a violent outburst of temper “Lord Devil doesn’t like to hear ‘No’ for an answer” 
Beelzebub patted Jack’s shoulder softly and said in a friendly, compassionate tone “I might suggest an easy exit. Go to a sea-cliff, fill your lungs to the utmost with fresh air, then take a deep plunge in the deep sea and fill your lungs with brine water”. His tone changed unfriendly and harsh “your only exit is death; drowning will be much less painful than refusing to this offer”.
Jack tried to reply something but failed. He opened his lips twice, but nothing came out. He looked like a fish out of water, gasping for breath. 
Beelzebub smiled at him and said, “Take your time Jack! I give you two weeks to decide. And in case you decide to join…which I am sure you will…here is my card.” Beelzebub took out a visiting card and handed it over to Jack.
Jack stared it for some time. 
Though Jack had learned to read and write over the years, and was reasonably literate now, he could not read anything.
How could he? The visiting card was blank! 
Before Jack could ask anything, he got the answer: “When you start your journey to Lord Devil’s global headquarter at Pandemonium, the card will show the address and direction, one line at a time, and then disappear. And when you reach your destination, it will auto-destruct”. 
Before leaving, Beelzebub took out a ‘voodoo’ doll with a face resembling Jack’s and a needle. He jabbed the needle in the doll’s butt. 
Jack twitched in excruciating pain and went dancing around madly and rubbing his buttock. But he didn’t let out a single scream of agony.
Beelzebub left triumphantly, allowing Jack plenty of time to rub his butt and decide between the Devil and the deep sea.

Back to top

Chapter 8
Jack joins service
It was at this point that Jack desperately wanted to consult the village oracle.
After meeting the cave-dwelling oracle, obtaining her vermilion blessing and the charmed bracelet, and after learning about the prophecy of his unprecedented fame and glory, Jack left for Devil’s headquarters. But it was actually the oracle’s demonstration with boiling hot tea, about the consequences of ignoring Beelzebub’s blackmail that Jack decided to surrender to his doomed fate and join Devil’s service. Jack had realized that having sold his soul to Devil, even drowning himself in the deep sea offered him no exit. It would only ensure the burning of his soul in the embers of hell till eternity.
An impending, terrible misfortune had been predicted by the oracle, which made Jack deeply apprehensive. With his stomach churning with tension, and a thumping heart, Jack proceeded towards Devil’s headquarters.
A rather tall and dark attendant greeted Jack at the gates of Pandemonium.
“Lord Devil has wished to meet you at the Palace stable” he said. 
“Meet me at the stable?!” Jack said, staring in wonder.
“Generally he meets all new recruits at the reception hall. But when he is busy with some other activity, he may meet his recruits anywhere- in his puppet show theatre, or in his alchemist lab, or his study room, or even in the dungeon”. 
He studied Jack’s face carefully. “Don’t be nervous! He is in a jolly mood. Right now, he is pampering his favorite horses”, the attendant informed “go straight, take a right turn, walk along the hedges and head straight towards the stable”. 
“And, best of luck!” he spoke in a loud voice as Jack proceeded along the grassy path towards the stable.
When Jack arrived, Devil was talking to his horse in a low voice and rubbing it gently on the neck. Surrounding Devil were his five attendants; two of them appeared drunk. A strong smell of hay, oat, drying dung and whisky hung in the air. The smell reminded Jack of his own Irish village barnyard. The almost forgotten memories of wild barn dance around a fire flashed in Jack’s mind. Jack compared then and now, and sighed.
“Welcome Jack!” Devil turned around and addressed Jack “I’m so glad to meet you after a long time”. There a cunning smile on Devil’s face, and his voice seemed like a teasing.
Jack’s heart was beating fast. “So what is the job which is assigned to me, Sir?” Jack managed to stammer. He offered his hands for a handshake.
Devil eyed his hand with deep contempt and ignored it. “Ah! Address me as ‘Boss’,” Devil said in a serious tone “or address me as ‘Lord D’ if you like and…” Devil said with a grim face “Never even dare to think of shaking hand with me. We aren’t equals, is that clear?”
Devil paused for some time and scratched his own neck with the handle of the whip he was holding. “Regarding your task, well…you shall soon find it out”. Devil gave Jack a hardened look and continued “But let me make it very clear. We have rules here. Obey them, and your life will be tolerable. Break them, and you will wish you were never born!”
Jack nodded his head and looked down at the ground. 
“Strict obedience is absolutely minimum requirement, Jack” Devil continued “I will not…I repeat…I will not tolerate disobedience” Devil shook his index finger at Jack as he spoke. “Is that clear?”
Jack nodded in meek submission and replied, “I shall obey all your orders. Any order!”
“Is it so?” a naughty smile broke out on Devil’s face and he looked around at his attendants, as if he was sharing some joke. “Good! Well then! Let’s see-” Devil pointed his finger at a spade lying on the ground. “Now Jack, pick up the spade and start cleaning up the mound of horse-dung over there”.
Jack hesitated, and looked around him to find Devil’s attendants smiling and grinning. Jack was unable to digest this deep insult and stood there, hesitating and adamant.
“It seems, he require some training” Devil spoke softly as he patted his horse. He offered a carrot to his horse. The horse munched the carrot and neighed loudly. “This is my favorite horse” Devil announced with a proud look and rubbed the horse’s neck with great affection. “When I met this horse for the first time, it was so wild that it won’t even allow a saddle or a bridle-it was so wild! Now look…how tame and obedient it has become”. 
Devil continued caressing his horse “I love this horse. But first one has to break the horse” Devil turned his head slowly, looking at everyone’s faces in turns, and then turning back at the horse he screamed “I know how to break a horse!” Devil lifted his whip and struck the horse with such ferocity that flesh tore out of its body and blood squirted out. The horse neighed violently and sprang forward, leaping in the air. As it was tethered to the ground, it lost its balance and fell down. Devil kicked it mercilessly with his iron-spiked boot. Twice! Thrice!
He turned to his attendants and shouted, “Jack needs some training. Drag him to the underground dungeon, and bound him in chains. Not a morsel of food, or a drop of water for two days!” 
Instantly the attendants sprang upon Jack and started dragging him away. Devil threw his whip at one of his drunken attendant and shouted “take this with you. And use it well!”

Back to top

Chapter 9
The unbreakable vow
Two days later, Jack’s head hung down from his shoulder in deep exhaustion. He moaned feebly in extreme pain; his voice was dried with thirst. His hands were chained from the top of two pillars, about six feet apart. His toes barely touched the ground.
Jack's back was scarred with whip marks, with black clots of bloods. Occasionally, a few drops of blood oozed out from his wounds. Jack was so weak that he could barely stand. He fainted repeatedly, murmuring “water…water” almost inaudibly.
Two dungeon guards entered the torture chamber and started removing the chains from Jack’s hands. “Looks too bad, buddy” one of them addressed to the other guard “seems like he can't even drag himself, leave alone walking. Let’s carry him outside to his waiting friend”.
“You are right, chum. If we had arrived here another hour late, we might have wrapped him in shroud, and delivered him to his friend as a nicely packed gift” the other guard replied with a brutal laughter.
* * *
Barbarossa rubbed the medicine soaked cotton on Jack’s wounds. 
Jack yelled in agony.
“I can’t bear it! Ooooo…pleaseee stops it!” Jack screamed.
“A few more moments, Jack” Barbarossa said with deep sympathy “I am trying to be as gentle as possible. Please bear with me”.
“Oh, I can’t! I can’t!…Ooouuch! Oh, my god-”
Tears appeared at the corners of Jack’s eyes. He moved his face away.
“Don’t hide your tears, Jack! Let them flow-it will relieve some of your sorrows”.
“I am nothing but a slave!” Jack moaned.
“Don’t lose your heart Jack. Have some patience. Keep your hope alive!” Barbarossa said, as he applied the soothing ointment on Jack’s wound, and tried to soothe Jack’s heart as well “You will definitely have your rightful place. I have full confidence in you”. Barbarossa’s eyes glistened with tears as he spoke.
When Barbarossa had finally bandaged Jack’s wounds, Jack rose up from his bed and started strolling to and fro, slowly.
“I am afraid; I have some ugly message to deliver, Jack” Barbarossa said “Devil has wished to meet you as soon as possible. He has summoned you next week, for further instructions regarding your job”.
“Ooooh that son-of-a-bitch!” Jack fumed, grinding his teeth. 
A few moments later he recovered from his burst of anger and stood still, clenching his fist every now and then.
“Jack, my friend” Barbarossa said “Only thing I can say to console you is: Once in service, you may soon get an opportunity to lay your hand on your parchment from Devil’s safekeeping and throw it in some wooden fire…………just as you had planned”.
“No, Barbarossa. I have changed my mind. Stealing would have been the easiest way to achieve my goal. But I won't try that anymore!”
“What are you saying?"
“I’ll obtain that parchment alright, but not as a thief. I’ll acquire it openly in a grand manner; just like the way a throne is claimed after defeating the enemy king". 
"Are you out of your mind, Jack?”
"I'll take revenge for this inhuman torture. I must make Devil realize the enormity of his fault by turning me into an injured snake" Jack hissed with anger. "And I’ll foil Devil’s intention behind forcing me to join his service”.
“What’s his purpose, Jack?”
“I have no idea yet. But we shall find out; soon enough. And, I’ll thwart his desires, whatever it is” Jack burst out in anger “I will repay him with his own coins and do him maximum possible emotional damage”. Jack grinded his teeth and tried his best to hold back his tears. His voice choked with emotion.
“Now calm down, my dearest friend” Barbarosa said.
“How can I calm down? What have I ever done to deserve all this?” Jack removed one cotton strip to expose one of his jagged whip-mark. A few drops of blood reappeared. “My only crime was yielding to an intense craving for a one time drink and signing Devil’s agreement. And, if Devil’s skin burned from contact with my crucifix, am I to be blamed? I was trying to prevent him from sending my soul to burning inferno of hell. I didn't mean to have fun by hurting him intentionally”.
“But Jack, the earlier you can free your soul, the better! Delay will prolong the overhanging risk. So better to stick to your previous plan”
“Why should I be a petty thief?" Jack paused and frowned "Let Devil realize, against whom he is messing with!”
"But you are powerless as a fledgling" Jack protested, "How can you fight against mighty Devil?"
“What a great fool I had been! I could have built an army of Halloween creatures, long ago" Jack was breathing heavily. "They had all bowed down in submission at my feet. I could have been the powerful master of Halloween world……….not a titular ‘pumpkin king’, but the true ‘Lord of Halloween’………that’s my rightful place, something I truly deserve!”
“Of course you truly deserve” Barbarossa consented. He seemed worried by this energetic outburst from Jack, who was feeble and yet to recover from the inflicted wounds.
“Throughout my life, I had ducked away from fame and power,” Jack lamented, “I had been unsatisfied, but felt comfortable to fade into obscurity. Devil could inflict such harsh treatment on me only because I am an underdog”
“I understand your feelings Jack. But don’t underestimate the terrible risks,” Barbarossa said, “Let me drill this point in your skull: Devil still has the parchment. All he has to do is throw it in the burning embers" Barbarossa was frustrated for having to emphasize this point so often.  "Doing anything rash is playing with horrible death”. 
“Throughout my life I have done nothing extraordinary for which people will remember me” Jack said, “Fate has endowed me with unnaturally long lifespan, almost immortality. But I must do something to become truly immortal; to become greatest legendary person”.
Barbarossa gazed at Jack's face, possibly wondering whether his friend has turned insane from some inflicted injury to his brain during the torture.
“Those who are forever remembered never die" Jack said. Being forgotten is true death” Jack took a deep breath “The risks of physical death which I face will be a small price to pay for immortality”.
The expression on Barbarossa's face changed from frustration to an admiring one. He tapped Jack’s shoulder with an approving smile “I feel proud of you Jack. You have forced me to look at things in a new light”.
“Do you believe in me?” Jack asked. He had momentarily forgotten his pains and was brimming with hope.
“Of course I do! From the core of my heart” Barbarossa said “Let me remind you what you told me earlier. The oracle had foreseen your bright future. It’s only a matter of time before you achieve unprecedented fame and glory. You are not some ordinary fellow Jack. Always keep that in mind!” 
Jack stared at Barbarossa’s face and spoke with a tone of utmost determination “I shall not submit to my fate. I shall seize every opportunity to rise in power from an underdog. I swear! I take an oath!”
Jack took out the silver crucifix from his pocket, and kissed it. “I make an unbreakable vow” Jack whispered. 
“But right now, you must pretend submission” Barbarossa warned “and remember that, when you meet Devil next week”.
“You are right Barbarossa. For the time being, I have to pretend submission” Jack nodded and then whispered absent-mindedly “But what if I can’t control my emotions when I meet him?”

Back to top

Chapter 10
The second vow
It started as a minor argument of the ‘Santa Claus couple’, but ran out of control. The arguments turned to quarrel, gathered more steam and reached a bursting point. Hell broke loose that night at ‘Santa Claus Villa’. 
“Why the hell do you have to go out at night?” Mrs. Santa demanded angrily from her husband “why can’t you go about distributing presents during daytime?”
“That’s how…. it is… Supposed to be; isn’t it?” Mr. Santa stammered. He looked at his wife’s glowing charcoal like eyes. “I suppose” he said nervously, “I mean” he stammered again “well honey; I have been doing this for as long as I can remember”.
Mr. Santa’s reply seemed to flare up his wife’s suppressed anger. “Whom are you trying to fool?” she thumped the floor with her high-heeled shoe. “You love your nocturnal adventures, don’t you? You meet the ladies of your dreams, while I suffer alone at home!”
“Ladies of my dreams?!” Mr. Santa was stunned, as if falling down from the sky with a mighty thud. “Do you at all have any idea?” Mr. Santa Claus desperately tried to defend “what it takes to go out for my nightly duties?” Santa Claus could not suppress his hurt feeling “A few days ago, I was chased by a hound. And I shudder to remember my agony when I got stuck in a chimney!”
“I see” Mrs. Santa said with bitter contempt “is that why you apply so seductive perfumes before leaving, so that the hounds may be tempted to take a bite of your flesh? Or is it to tempt your ladies to leave more candies and cookies and lots of juicy flesh on the platter?” she looked at her husband with disgust and hatred.
“What are you talking about?” Mr. Santa said, inflamed with irritation. “For decades after decades, you are making my life so miserable” Mr. Santa said in a fit of rising temper “if I can find some moments of peace outside, what’s wrong with that?”
“What’s wrong?” she hissed. She twisted her husband’s nipples so hard that Mr. Santa screamed in agony and his face went red. Then she broke into a sob “Oh what an idiot, un-appreciating fellow was written in my fate! Oh my cursed fate!” she shed big tears, and screamed with enough loudness to awaken the neighbors. “When will he realize that he is undeservingly lucky to have such a beautiful wife?! Oh what a shame! My husband should go out to seek pleasure?”
“Seek pleasure?” Mr. Santa burst out “I talked about going outside to seek peace!”
“Shut up! It’s all the same to me” she shouted and kicked with her high heels on Mr. Santa’s knees. Mr. Santa leapt up with a knee jerk reaction and then tumbled down. 
“Speak only when you are asked to” she waved her index finger threateningly at her husband “and don’t interrupt”. 
Mr. Santa was rubbing his knee and moaning with pain. Knowing fully well that he has lost the battle, he tried to clam down his wife. “Oh honey, when I return back I am so exhausted and often covered with chimney soot. Doesn’t that convince you of my dedication towards my duty and my innocence?”
“Your exhaustion makes me more doubtful” she snapped “and your blackened face is a nice way to hide the lipstick marks from your cheeks!”
Mr. Santa felt like screaming back, but he feared that it will only escalate matters, and cause the neighbors to arrive in swarms to offer their free counseling. They would advise him ‘wife is always right, even when she isn’t”. And their precious counseling will be offered exclusively to him and not his wife!
Mr. Santa kept his mouth tightly shut; grinded his jaws together in rage and helplessly cursed his own fate. He tried to end the matter there and lick his wounds in privacy. “I am going to bed now” Mr. Santa said with deep remorse “and don’t send any dinner for me. I am not feeling hungry”.
But Mrs. Santa was equally determined to play her trump card. She started weeping and soaking her handkerchief. “How would you feel if I went missing one night?” she asked with a tone of cold vengeance “Do you think I can’t go missing?” 
Finding that her husband has not gone down on his half-broken knees, to beg apologies from her, she announced furiously “I had taken a marriage vow of faithfulness and friendship. Now I take a second vow to teach you a suitable lesson”.
***
When Jack arrived, Devil was holding his court. 
Jack bowed low as he approached Devil.
“That’s good!” Devil announced, looking pleased.
“What is my job assignment, my Lord?” Jack asked.
“First things, first,” Devil’s tone rose from a whisper to a loud shout in an instant “Guards!”
Seven guards rushed in and encircled Jack and pointed their spears and bayonets at Jack’s chest.
“You had used your crucifix smartly with the transformed coin, and during the apple tree incident" Devil said. "But I can't let you repeat. Therefore, take an oath that you shall never use your crucifix again as weapon against me” Devil commanded.
Jack stood motionless.
“Guards!” Devil shouted.
The guards pressed the pointed spears against Jack’s ribs. Jack’s face twitched in intense pain. Jack grinded his jaws together, but didn’t let out a single scream.
“Swear instantly, or they’ll plunge them right into your lungs” Devil roared.
Jack stood adamantly.
“Now at the count of three” Devil ordered his guards “puncture his heart”.
Devil shook his head like a charging bull. His hairs were looking like the mane of an angry lion.
“One….” Devil said.
Jack’s face had turned red with intense pricking pain, and the muscles of his jaws were twitching uncontrollably.
There was stunning silence in the hall. The courtiers bit their fingers in tension, and sweated with apprehension. They watched Jack’s disobedience with utter disbelief.
“Two…” Devil shouted.
The suspense grew unbearable with each passing moment. The stunning silence seemed like the calmness before the approaching tornado.
Devil’s eyes had turned red with anger. Grinding his teeth, he shouted “and then finally-“
“I swear” Jack said.
“Not like that, my friend…not that way”, Devil bellowed “I am sure that you have your crucifix somewhere in your pocket. Hold it in your hand and swear”.
Jack writhed in pain, but didn’t obey.
“Guards!” 
They pressed harder.
Jack put his hand inside his pocket, pulled out his crucifix and held it in his hand. “I swear I’ll never attack you with my crucifix”. Jack took his second vow within a week after his vow of not submitting to his fate.
“That’s better!” Devil said. “Now coming to your question about your assignment……….before joining service, you must undergo some training. I have arranged for your training. Visit ‘Black forest’ in Germany, and report to you trainer, Krampus. Go with this gentleman". Devil pointed at an ugly looking, greenish goblin. "He’ll take care of the rest”. 
Jack bowed again in silence and departed, walking towards an uncertain destiny.

Back to top

Chapter 11
Special Training
“Welcome to this training course. I am ‘Maya Sukarno’ from Thailand. Ours is an ancient civilization; you must have heard about our land. I am sure; in near future it will become a hot tourist destination. I mean really steaming hot”. She gave a proud look. 
“Anyway, I am glad to introduce this training course…” the young lady continued her announcement “…I will introduce you briefly about the history of spying, before handing over to my colleagues for covering the rest” she addressed the class in a loud hissing voice, attracting a lot of attention to herself. 
She ignored the gazing eyes by turning away her face, preferring to study the garden instead, through the iron bars of the classroom window.
“I had done my specialization in ‘oriental spying techniques’….” she said, “I have a long, practical experience in spying myself”. 
Jack gazed at her; trying to figure out how long experience she might possibly have considering her age. Jack thought she looked young and charming in her Sari and her long, silky black hairs. And her black eyes were hypnotizing.
“Ladies and gentlemen, before we begin, can anyone tell me about the history of spying?”
Several hands shot up instantly, which she ignored completely.
“Spying is not a glamorous ‘cloak and dagger job’ as you might expect” she said, “It requires a lot of training, intelligence and patience. It is a profession as old as human civilization itself, and often considered as the second oldest profession. She oldest one is of course politics”. 
“But madam” someone objected “I heard that the oldest profession-“
“Shut up” she hissed angrily “or I’ll break this birch rod on your back”.
She observed the class slowly and silently, spotting Jack. “If I am not mistaken, you are ‘Jack-o-Halloween’, right?”
“Yes madam”.
“It is indeed a great honor for me to have you as my student” she announced jubilantly. Coming down from the podium, she stood beside Jack’s desk.
“Are you planning to attend the entire course?” she asked while fondling Jack’s hair to feel the soft-silky texture.
“Yes madam. And lots more too” Jack answered, blushing.
“You will attend other courses too? Which ones?” she asked in a tone of amazement, while caressing Jack’s broad shoulders and looking impressed. 
“Many courses” Jack said “Management courses, martial arts, courses in diplomacy, sword fighting, and horse riding…I mean all the courses offered by Krampus”.
“Wow! That’s great”. She gazed at Jack with her eyes wide open. She composed herself, shut her open mouth and went back to the lectern. “Now, silence pleaseee…” she hissed. 
Even after she stopped speaking, the hissing sound seemed to persist from her over-sized ‘lady’s handbag’. Some of the students eyed it apprehensively.
She got up, walked to the door, closed it and locked the doorknob. She tied the key ring to her hair and then tied her hair in a big knot.
“Let me demonstrate one of the ancient oriental espionage techniques” she looked at Jack with an interest in her eyes. Then she pulled out a white rabbit and a hissing bamboo-cane basket from her handbag.
Jack was having a strange sensation that she was trying to impress him.
She opened the lid of her basket. Instantly a coiled cobra raised its hood and started swaying, hissing violently. She held the rabbit. The cobra struck it with lightning speed.
She held the rabbit high for all to see. The rabbit trembled and convulsed, screeching and squeaking like a mouse. Fumes appeared in its mouth, and its color turned pale bluish. Within a few moments, the rabbit became motionless.
She pulled out the cobra from the basket with her bare hand and let it down on the floor. It slithered slowly towards the horror struck students. Panic spread instantly; the students screamed and stood up on their desks, trembling with fear.
She laughed loudly, picked up the snake, managed to place it on her palm and raised her palms at her face level. The snake swayed its hood, selecting a spot to strike. She held out her tongue and started moving her tongue to and fro. The cobra struck on her tongue.
“She has been bitten by a deadly poisonous snake. Call the doctor!” a lady student screamed at the top of her voice. 
“Ah, calm down” she rebuked dryly “and please get down and occupy your seats”. 
She placed the cobra inside the basket and closed the lid.
She took out the register and started calling roll numbers. Jack nervously watched that all the horror struck eyes were fixed on her. Jack sweated in horror himself, expecting her to collapse at any moment.
When the attendance was over, she closed her register triumphantly and announced, “All fifty three students are present. Everyone seems to be interested in my class” she spoke in a hissing tone.
“This is one of the oriental espionage techniques” she explained “Creating ‘poison girls’ by administering snake venom, in increasing dose over several years, to develop resistance towards venom” she announced. “Now, can anyone tell me why I didn’t collapse?” 
She ignored all raised hands and announced “Because, being brought up as a ‘poison girl’ since my childhood, it’s not snake’s venom, but the warm embrace of my man which makes me collapse”.
“But madam, what purpose will this technique serve in spying?”
“Good question. Well, not particularly useful for spying, but great for assassination purpose-an essential part of espionage. Poison girls can easily reach Kings and Generals, where armed assassins can’t reach. Even a deep kiss can be fatal”.
She turned her face from the questioning lady and faced the other half of the class at the assembled young and adolescent men. She asked in a taunting voice “Would anyone like to kiss my lips?”
* * *
The week proved really hectic for Jack. So many courses have been crammed in such a short period of six months! Jack thought. He was having a difficult time remembering the names of so many new faces. The number of students per class varied from a dozen to around hundred depending on the subject. 
Jack was having a really tight schedule rushing from one campus to another, spread over such a vast geographical area of the Black forest. “I must learn as much as possible, for using them later” Jack swore umpteenth time, as he rushed to attend the next lecture. 
By now, Jack’s initial opinion of ‘a barbarian Krampus in goatskin’ had changed, and he was truly impressed by spymaster Krampus’s massive network of secret training schools. His own heart forced him to believe about Krampus’s complex spy networks in the past, all over Eastern Europe, his secret ‘clubhouses’ and ‘safe houses’ and other stuffs he heard from his newly formed friends. Krampus is definitely not the wild barbarian; I thought previously, Jack concluded.
Jack’s appetite for learning increased with the progress of every subject. There is so much to learn Jack thought. On one particular class in ‘ancient spying techniques’, a Turkish teacher with a long pointed beard and wearing a turban, passed a small bowl of rice and a large tray to one of the student.
Then he said, “Pour the rice from the bowl into the tray, and examine carefully. Very minutely! Tell me if you notice something really unusual”.
The student examined for several minutes, almost straining his eyes and said “Sir, the sizes of the grains somewhat varies. And some of the grains are broken. There are a few bran and grains of sand”.
“Pass the tray to the next student please” the teacher said with a tone of disappointment.
The next student confirmed the findings after a long time. So did the next student in the row.
“Pass it on,” the teacher said, but now with a voice of triumph.
“Now take this magnifying glass and observe carefully,” the teacher said.
Soon enough the student announced excitedly “Sir I have spotted one very unusual grain of rice. It is much different from the rest, as if some inscription appears on it”
The Turk teacher smiled and took out a much larger magnifying glass from his long Turkish robe. Handing it over to the student, he said, “This is much powerful magnifier. Now study it”.
The student took a few minutes to break the silence of the class “Oh my God! An entire poem has been inscribed on it!”
The teacher looked at everybody and saw the disbelief on his or her faces. “Pass the grain and the magnifier to the next student”.
After it had passed hands through the whole class, the teacher said, “Rice Writing is the art of writing on single grain of rice. It might have originated in Anatolia in ancient Turkey. There are artisans who are skilled in drawing entire painting on this small grain. And it is very handy to transmit secret military messages, even of the size of a large rhyme. Tomorrow I shall tell you more about some other extraordinary spying techniques of Ottoman Turks”.

Back to top

Chapter 12
Punishment
Jack was listening to the lecture on ‘Diplomacy in Politics’ with keen interest, when a class attendant arrived and interrupted the class. He whispered something in the teacher’s ears.
“Jack!” The teacher called out aloud “come here”.
“Yes Sir?”
“Krampus has wished to meet you immediately. Go with this man”.
Ten minutes later, Jack entered Krampus’s office. 
“Jack, how are your lessons progressing?”
“Fine, Sir!”
“Just fine?” Krampus glanced hard “That’s absolutely disappointing. Disgusting! Can’t it be finer?” Krampus hardened his tone and grumbled “think not of taking a rest till fine becomes finest; just as Lord Devil demands of you from me”.
Jack stood bewildered, wondering what was happening. If Krampus had interrupted Jack's lessons, just to reprimand him to be more attentive, then Jack could not make any sense out of it. Jack remained wary of something else popping out of the bag.
“I hope, at least you enjoy your studies” Krampus scolded Jack, just like a schoolmaster scolds a spoilt child.
“Yes Sir. It’s a bit hectic though”.
“Nonsense!” Krampus punched hard on the table “if I had my way, I’d have allowed only one day off each month. Trainees become lazy unless they are whipped left and right mercilessly”.
Krampus signaled the attendant to leave. Jack watched the class attendant leaving with apprehension.
“Now listen to me, Jack. Lord Devil has sent this edict for your signature” he held up a thick bundle of papers “Sign it quickly, and return to your class. I don’t want to interrupt your lessons”.
Jack held the bundle and glanced at it. The topmost paper seemed to be premium quality bond paper bearing the inscriptions:
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
By this edict, it is hereby decreed that Count Bramcula, of the clan of Eastern Gothic Vampires, and present chief, shall abdicate all claims to the throne of Balkan Vampires. He shall relinquish all special privileges and discretionary powers to Prince Vlad Stoker, the nominated candidate of Lord Devil.
Further, in view of the loss of valuable blood in fighting each other, both parties are hereby instructed to stop the bloodshed (bloodsucking exempted) with immediate effect. They must abide by the (attached) guidelines, till further orders are issued.
This decree has been issued by Jack-o’-Halloween and has the approval and seal of Lord Devil.
Signed (Jack-o-Halloween):
Countersigned (Lord Devil):
(Great Seal of Pandemonium)
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
Jack held the bunch of papers, standing motionless and dumbstruck for some time. When he had finally composed himself, he stammered “I…I don’t get this…I didn’t issue any decree”.
“Of course you didn’t” Krampus agreed smilingly, displaying his terribly sharp, and unnaturally long teeth “It is Lord Devil who wants to issue this decree”.
“No, I don’t get this…has a rivalry started between Gothic and Romanian Vampires?”
“It’s not your task to dig out such information!” Krampus said, “Just sign it and go attend your classes” 
“But Sir, who am I to issue a decree like this. I am a mere student”.
“Don’t try to be over-smart. You know very well who you are!” Krampus replied, shaking his long, curved horns menacingly, displaying his animalistic temper “all Halloween creatures regard you as their spiritual leader”.
“This is a Lord Devil’s plan, isn’t it?” Jack said “Interfering in vampire politi-”
“Mind your own business Jack!” Krampus snapped furiously. His cat-like pupils narrowed further, looking like two black slits on his yellow eyes.
“Of course it is my business to know, if I am to put my signature”.
“Now look here Jack! Lord Devil is a man of principles. Otherwise, I don’t see any reason why he simply couldn’t have forged your signature without taking the trouble of getting your signature. You must respect his honesty, and reciprocate accordingly. Just sign it, and the matter is over”.
“At least, allow me to read the attached guidelines, Sir”.
“Read those entire bunch of documents?! Do you think, my valuable time is not worth a penny, so you can waste it?”
“Please Sir, just give me one night. I’ll return all these documents tomorrow morning”.
“Will you sign it blindly or not? I have lost my patience-I am warning you Jack!” Krampus was shivering with rage and drops of blood appeared on the deep scar mark on his forehead.
“But Sir, how can I put my signature blindly? I had a really bad experience in the past-”
“I don’t know, and I don’t want to know about your bad past experience…………Guards!” Krampus shouted at the top of his voice “…all I know is that you are going to have a bad experience now!”
Three guards appeared instantly, and pounced upon Jack.
“Throw him in Ludwivor prison!” Krampus roared.
“Excuse me Sir” one of the guards objected, “Ludwivor is already crammed and overcrowded. An epidemic has broken out in those unhygienic cells. We are shifting many of the lucky surviving captives to ‘sector 61’ camp”.
“Okay then! Off he goes to ‘sector 61, hard labor unit’…” Krampus said “and in case, he changes his mind within just three days, then send me a note. Or else…” Krampus paused between every word to emphasize his intention “Let him rot there indefinitely”.
They dragged Jack, and threw him like a sack of potatoes inside a caged horse carriage, and slammed the iron door. The three gigantic black horses, with glowing red eyes and breathing smoke and fire, galloped away the carriage out of view, raising a storm of dust.
* * *
In sector 61, hard labor camp, Jack was appalled to see thousands of child labors being flogged and forced to do highly laborious jobs. They were kicked and whipped as mercilessly as the adult prisoners. A barbed fence separated the children from adults. Jack, though apparently an adolescent in his late teens, was placed with the children.
“They are those unlucky children whom Krampus and his men have kidnapped from their homes” Jack’s prison mate whispered to him “agents of Krampus roam around the world, especially around Christmas, in search of ‘naughty children’, as they like to call them. Here, they don’t allow adults and children to mix. Even parents are not allowed”.
Jack spent the day serving his allotted laborious jobs and making observations and cautious enquiries.
As dusk was approaching, a horse drawn carriage arrived and carried away seven children and three men.
“Where are they being taken?” Jack questioned his prison mate.
“No idea” Jack’s prison mate replied in a shivering voice “Every three or four days, they pick up prisoners. Nobody ever hears anything about them later”.
Jack looked at his prison mate’s face and saw the horror in his eyes. “Are you all right Davy?”
“I suppose, I am fine”.
“What’s the matter?” Jack asked.
Davy lowered his voice “There are rumors that these prison camps are run by Lord Devil, and he ships those unfortunate prisoners to ogres of Iceland”.
“To the ogres of Iceland?” Jack repeated in disbelief “I have heard tales of their cannibal leader ‘Gryla’, who ate her own former husbands”.
They were both startled by the noise of a whistle.
Jack watched the children in tattered rags lining up in a long queue for their meager ration of thin gruel. A small child, who appeared to be starving to death, broke from the queue and ran towards the serve table.
One of the prison guards grabbed the child by the shoulder and dragged him aside. The guard took off the child’s torn and stitch-marked shirt and held him securely, while another guard flogged the child mercilessly.
Jack turned away his face and hid his tears. He couldn’t bear to look any longer. But the shrill, painful cries of the child still pierced through Jack's ears and shred his heart to pieces. He heard the guard shouting “Don’t’ give that little brat anything to eat today. They must be taught discipline”
I can’t bear to stay anymore Jack thought I wish I could help them escape. But now, I must send a note to Krampus to get out of this hell.
Jack approached a guard and said “I want to send a note to Krampus. Urgently”.
The guard broke into laughter.
“What happened?” a second guard asked the first one.
“He wants to send a note to Krampus”.
Both started laughing loudly.
“What’s the matter?” Jack asked, “What’s funny about it?”
They started collapsing from peals of laughter, holding each other for support. 
When the laughter finally subsided, the guard said to Jack “You have not heard I suppose?”
“Heard what?”
“Our prison superintendent got so flooded with regular appeals of innocence from stupidly hopeful prisoners, that he had issued an order which strictly forbids the forwarding of silly notes.
“But mine is a genuine case, and very urgent” Jack said.
“Shut up!” The guard raised his hands “or I'll deform your face with a hard slap”.

Back to top

Chapter 13
Life is a rough journey
True to her threat to her husband, Mrs. Santa indeed went missing.
Mr. Santa Claus could have put a ‘missing’ poster with his wife’s face in every home, advertised on the front page of dozens of newspapers, informed the electronic media for circulating the news far and wide…but he was helpless.
The reason was simple. A series of love letters from Mr. Santa’s rival ‘Ded Moroz’ was found from Mrs. Santa’s personal drawer during preliminary investigation. Some of them even had Moroz’s signature and the postscript ‘From Russia with Love’. Therefore, Mr. Santa’s close ones only gossiped and grumbled in a helpless tone.
And on top of that, the waiter dark elf that served breakfast at the ‘Black-Sea resort conference’ swore that he had often seen ‘Ded Moroz’ meeting Mrs. Santa secretly at night when Mr. Santa went out for distributing gifts. He disclosed under interrogation that both of them had met secretly the previous night as well. “She must have run away with him,” the elf said, as if his explanation was absolutely essential to crack this impossible puzzle.
Mr. Santa Claus hung his head in shame and tried helplessly to suppress the whole affair. He cursed his stars for making his old age such a rough journey. People whine about midlife crisis; but his end-life crisis was nothing short of a horrifying roller coaster ride.
Friends and well-wishers of Mr. Santa Claus tried their best to suppress the news. Mr. Ruprecht, the personal secretary-cum-manager of Santa Claus spread the news that Mr. Santa’s wife had visited her mother on a long duration.
Of course it was an elaborate lie! Mr. Santa’s mother-in-law was long dead. And what’s more, she and the ‘Santa couple’ hadn’t even spoken for decades till her death. Her face would have been the last thing Mr. Santa might have wished to see. This may not be said with so certainty for Mrs. Santa, but she hadn’t visited her mother even on her deathbed.
Mr. Ruprecht tried his best to convince people with his lie, and save his master from disgrace. But when he met his close friend Mr. Jingeling, the keeper of the keys to Santa’s workshop, he confided the truth. Ruprecht proudly boasted of his ‘damage control’ technique to save Santa’s reputation. Then Ruprecht shook his head remorsefully and whispered “Oh how shameful! Who expected this from Mrs. Santa; especially at this old age? She made people laugh!”
Mr. Jingeling shook his head even more vigorously and said, “I too feel like dying of shame!” He gave out a deep and loud sigh like a bull, and strongly denounced this shameful action. But the very next moment, he asked in an excited tone “Since when was this secret love affair going on? Didn’t the fat-headed Santa ever doubt his wife?” Sensing a hot topic for lively gossip, he adjusted the large key ring with all the keys for Santa’s workshop on his wide black belt and occupied his seat firmly. The exciting topic glued him to his seat, or rather, rooted him on the spot.
***
It was finally over. Jack completed six months of rigorous training with flying colors. Jack felt relief and hoped for some well-earned rest. After the graduation ceremony, Krampus called Jack at his office.
“Congratulations Jack! You have done well” Krampus said with a wicked smile “now you must be dying for the next phase”.
“For what sir?” Jack said warily, hoping desperately that there won’t be fresh headache.
“You must have been informed that you have to complete two months of practical training elsewhere, before joining Lord Devil’s service” Krampus said “Any question Jack?”
“Where shall I be posted?”
“As part of the ‘foreign study-tour program’ you shall be placed in Iceland, the world capital of the Elves, under the guardianship of ‘Gryla’-the mother of Yule Lads”.
“Under the ogress ‘Gryla’?” Jack said, recovering from a shock. The picture of ogress ‘Gryla’ happily munching the raw flesh of her own slaughtered husband had flashed in Jack’s mind. Hiding his emotions instantly, Jack continued, “But Sir, I heard that the political situation is very tense there”.
“Hah! Your service agreement specifically mentioned that you may be placed anywhere for practical training” Krampus said bluntly, “That means your placement may not necessarily be in your native Ireland, but in Iceland as well! And regarding political turmoil...remember Jack…rough sea makes good sailor. And for this specific purpose, we have intentionally selected Iceland”
“May I request another destination?” Jack said “any other destination”.
“You think I’ll entertain your request?” Krampus snapped. Without waiting for a reply from Jack, Krampus said, “So, that’s it. That is final”.
Krampus ticked off Jack’s name in the list, and scribbled something in his goatskin notepad. “Presently, Iceland is ruled jointly by ogres & trolls of ‘Gryla’ and by Lord Devil” Krampus said “Both of them consider it their holy duty to civilize the barbarian elves”.
How can the cannibalistic, wild ogres civilize the elves, whose civilization is several millennia old? Jack thought that’s a joke-a dirty one.
Krampus looked sternly at Jack and said, “The elves must be tamed. They must be taught law and order. And your job will be trying to ruthlessly impose Devil’s rule for the prosperity of Elf-land”.
Law and order will be taught by Devil’s men and the trolls, who know only plundering and killing? Jack thought in disgust.
Krampus continued, “You’ll have ample opportunity to assess the fragile political scenario, and try some of the diplomacy tricks in Lord Devil’s favor. And you will love your stay at ‘Gryla’s residence’; her hospitality is legendary”.
Jack shuddered to think of Gryla's hospitality. He felt absolutely nauseating being force-fed this bullshit of lies. He felt hateful and angry with himself for having to keep his mouth tightly shut, and nodding now & then in silent consent.
“You should not be a mere observer, but try to manipulate and exploit the hostile scenario” Krampus said in a warning tone “the Elves have grown restless and want to attain freedom. But they should get what they deserve" Krampus displayed his middle finger in an offensive manner. "You shall be allowed to make a few public speeches. Tell them that without Devil, there is no hope for Elfland, and all those rumors about the royal scepter-” Krampus paused suddenly.
Jack felt that Krampus was trying to hide some important dark secret.
“Your oratory skills and leadership abilities shall be graded based on your convincing power and public impact.” Krampus said “So it’s my advice, and in your best interest to urge the Elves to give up their impractical and fancy idea of an independent state. Convince them to support the triumvirate ruling alliance of ogres and trolls, gnomes and goblins, and Lord Devil”.
Krampus got up and shook Jack’s hand “Rest assured, Jack. It is really a challenging opportunity”.
Jack felt offended at Krampus’s hurried manner of saying ‘goodbye’, as if he was trying to get rid of Jack.
“You shall have insight to some of the inner working of ‘Elf spy network’-one of the best spy networks in the world” Krampus said “Even Lord Devil hasn’t been able to crack their secret ‘orange code’. If you succeed in cracking, then Lord Devil can crush the rebel Elves under his boots. And needless to mention, it will bring glory to my training school and a mighty boost to your own career. Best of luck, Jack! And remember always: ‘rough sea makes a good sailor’”.
* * *
The vessel hit the rough sea. A low pressure had formed in the treacherous North Atlantic, near the coast of Iceland, and their ship was heading right into the eye of the cyclone.
Strong gale turned into a mighty storm and the wooden ship was tossed like a tiny cork in boiling water. For the first time in his long life, Jack saw such huge waves-as high as the mast of the ship! Each gust of wind sprayed icy cold water on the crew. 
The storm raged throughout the day and became even more violent as darkness fell. The captain tried to instill courage among the crew by announcing, “We are reaching the coast. Maybe we are within fifteen or twenty nautical miles”. 
But reaching the coast of Iceland seemed an impossible dream.
As the ship swayed violently, Jack looked more remorseful than afraid. “Why did I allow Barbarossa to come with me?” he muttered to himself repeatedly.
The dense fog had made the visibility almost zero. Darkness shrouded the raging ocean like a black cloak. 
A shrill whistle entered Jack’s ears. Moments later, he was hurled headlong on the sofa. The wooden ship had hit a rock, jutting its head above the waves. With a crashing sound, the ship was shattered into pieces. 
Struggling against the gigantic waves, Jack somehow managed to remain afloat in the icy chill water. He saw the huge mast of the ship, being tossed about. He gathered all his energy to swim towards the mast. 
But he found to his horror that the mast was drifting away faster. In an instant of lightning flash, Jack saw someone already clinging to the mast, and two other crewmembers clinging to floating wooden debris. But he couldn’t identify the faces.
Moments later, everything around was again engulfed in total darkness and big drops of torrential rain came lashing against his face. 
Jack realized that his limbs had started to refuse moving anymore. It’s now or never! Jack made a last desperate attempt for the floating mast.
Jack managed to swim to the floating mast and grasped it. He tied himself to the mast. 
In a lightning flash, he saw Barbarossa and another crewmember, struggling madly towards floating wrecks before losing his consciousness out of exhaustion.

Back to top

Chapter 14
Vagaries of fate
Many of Santa’s own dissatisfied elf workers got a golden chance. They started spreading the hot news of Mrs. Santa-Moroz affair and her elopement and so on, adding salt and spices. All sorts of rumors, speculations and new theories could be heard with each passing day.
Rather than dying out over time as Mr. Santa’s well-wishers had hoped, the topic became hotter. Many of the gossiping elves eagerly enquired any passerby or a complete stranger to get the latest update of this must-know development! Needless to mention, the other person also becomes equally anxious to know more. Two plus two makes four. Therefore, despite all suppression efforts by Santa’s trusted men, the news soon spread to all corners of the Christmas world.
Soon Mr. Santa Claus became a laughing stock in the Christmas world. Even ‘Dominique’, the talking Christmas donkey, laughed and brayed uncontrollably, rolling on the ground and throwing its limbs at the sky. Mr. Santa Claus woke up to the harsh truth that his strategy had failed miserably. He had enough and decided to take action. He sent one of his trusted elves as messenger to Ded Moroz, with a demand to send back Mrs. Santa back immediately.
The messenger elf returned back, bringing with him not Mr. Santa’s wife, but a human-sized, gnome messenger of Ded Moroz. Then the Santa’s elf left, allowing Mr. Santa to have a private discussion with Moroz’s messenger.
“Why didn’t Ded Moroz send back my wife?” Mr. Santa demanded angrily.
“How can he?” Moroz’s messenger replied, “When he doesn’t even know where she is!”
“I don’t believe that!” Mr. Santa snapped. “I have strong evidence that he has eloped with my wife sinfully”.
“Of course not!” Moroz’s gnome replied, flapping his long, pointed ears “In fact Ded Moroz was stunned when he heard about this sad event. Moroz said ‘I am too surprised that Mr. Santa can’t even manage his own wife. He may not be able to keep her satisfied at his old age’. Yes that’s exactly what he said”.
“Shut up!” Mr. Santa shouted. He was mad with anger at what he heard.
“Mr. Ded Moroz has sent me to express his deep condolence” the gnome messenger said “I have been sent not merely as a messenger, but as his representative as well”.
“Allow me to offer my personal consolation as well” the gnome continued, without caring about Mr. Santa’s angry face. He lowered his tone and said “Let me give you a valuable, friendly advice, dear Santa”. His tone dropped further to a whisper, and his lips almost touched Mr. Santa’s ear “You can never trust your wife nowadays. The moment you are out of sight, they start deceiving you. She will ditch you at the first opportunity, and run away with someone handsome and younger”.
Mr. Santa’s anger got rekindled into a roaring flame by those ‘friendly advice’. He felt sure that Moroz had deliberately sent this rascal just to rub pinches of salt and chilly pickles on his wound. Mr. Santa might have shouted with biting scorn “Who is this handsome and young fellow? White bearded Ded Moroz I suppose!” But for some reason known only to him, he kept his mouth tightly shut.
“You should have kept a sharp eye on her activities, rather than turning a blind eye” the gnome continued “blind faith can really turn you blind”.
Mr. Santa’s face turned red with shame and anger, just like the color of the nose of his reindeer ‘Rudolph’. “I have never seen my wife with any secret lover” Mr. Santa said. His tone sounded like a desperate attempt to avoid disgrace.
Moroz’s representative smiled and said, “Do you think she would have met her lover in front of you, to keep you a witness? What a damn fool you are!” Then he took out a betel leaf and put some crushed betel nuts along with some spiced chewing tobacco and put it in his mouth. He chewed it leisurely, closing his eyes and enjoying the aroma. A sweet aroma of the flavored tobacco spread across the room, as saliva drooled out of the gnome’s mouth. 
All of a sudden, the gnome spitted out the tobacco mixed saliva on the marble floor and said “If you can’t control your wife, the society will spit on your face like that”.
Mr. Santa recoiled with disgust at this absolutely unacceptable behavior. He clenched his fist; stamped his boot on the floor. “I am asking for the last time” Santa Claus shrieked “will Ded Moroz return my wife peacefully or not?”
“I am awfully sorry” the humanoid gnome said, “you ask for something which is utterly impossible”.
“Get out!” Mr. Santa screamed “out!”
As soon as Moroz’s gnome crossed the threshold, Mr. Santa threw his boot at the door. “There! That’s for your rascal master Ded Moroz”. He was shivering with rage. “I’ll never forget this deepest insult, Ded Moroz! Never, as long as I live!” Mr. Santa Claus took a solemn oath. 
***
Meanwhile, in Devil’s camp, there was jubilation. Devil offered a handful of gold coins to the dark elf, who swore to Mr. Santa about the secret love affairs of his wife. Then Devil patted Beelzebub’s shoulder and said, “I am proud of you”.
“And these are the letters which did the trick” Beelzebub displayed the fake love-letters bearing Moroz’s name “I kept copies before having them tucked under Mrs. Santa’s pillow and in her box”.
“Well done” Devil said and handed him a diamond ring from his own finger.
* * *
A week later, Mr. Santa’s wife returned with Mr. Sinterklaas, the cousin of Mr. Santa. 
Mr. Sinterklaas looked worried; fearing his cousin’s suspicion and anger may fall on him. In fact, Mr. Sinterklaas had nothing to do with all these events; it was Mrs. Santa who had paid a surprise visit to his castle in Southern Spain.
“What a drama you had created here by disappearing without any information!” Mr. Santa burst out at his wife.
“Is it?” she replied “Now do you understand how I feel when you go out for your nightly pleasures?” she returned back all the anger like a tennis ball right into Mr. Santa’s court.
“Nightly pleasures?!” Mr. Santa fumed with anger. “For the last time I am telling you; it’s my nightly duties which I perform faithfully”.
The debate returned back to square one. As the intensity of the quarrel increased, Mr. Sinterklaas felt relieved that things were indeed returning back to normalcy. After all, Mr. Sinterklaas knew the ‘Santa Claus couple’ intimately.
Mr. Sinterklaas might have been right, if that is how normal husband-wife relation should be. But the relation between Mr. Santa Claus and Ded Moroz was permanently strained by this incident.
* * *
Jack felt warm as he opened his eyes. He was lying on the sandy beach under the bright morning sun.
“Hurray! He has opened his eye,” someone shouted.
Jack looked around and saw several fishermen. He got up on his feet slowly. He saw his friend Barbarossa sitting near the drying fishing net, and waving gently at him. He saw two of the crew still lying unconscious on the ground.
“What happened to the other men?” Jack asked the nearest fisherman.
“Only four of you might have survived. Thank your stars; you have survived such a terrible storm” the fisherman replied, and raised his hands to heaven for a short prayer. 
The other fishermen came close to Jack and asked, “What is your name? Where do you want to go?”
Jack placed his hand inside his pocket. He realized to his horror that his purse containing Krampus’s letter to Gryla was gone! Devoured by the hungry waves!
It took several seconds for Jack to recover from the shock. Then he said, “Call me Jack. And that’s my friend Barbarossa. We want to go to the ogress Gryla, among the ravines and caves of the mountains of Iceland”.
The fisherman stared at each other with horror in their eyes. 
One fisherman broke down, sobbing “Oh my son! My only son!” he wailed “our bread earner!”
“What’s the matter?” Jack was perplexed “I only said where I wanted to go”.
The oldest one among them spoke to Jack in a trembling voice “Are you mad?”
* * *
After two days of travelling on foot and mountain climbings, Jack, Barbarossa and their guide reached the granite colored track leading up the mountainside.
“Sorry, I’ll go no further” Jack’s guide said, “You walk along this mountain path, and cross that range. You will reach the valley of trolls and ogres”.
“Thank you my friend. You are a good guide” Jack said, as he handed two gold coins.
“I am not taking this money out of greed. I am a mountain guide, not a mountebank” the guide shook his head remorsefully “I am a poor man, with a large family to support. Otherwise I would have never accepted this money to lead you to the mouth of death”.
* * *
Several hours later, Jack and Barbarossa were walking through a narrow valley, along a fast flowing stream.
All of a sudden, raising war cry, a dozen mountain trolls and ogres came rushing down like avalanche along the mountain slope.
Barbarossa gripped the hilt of his sword in alarm, drawing his sword partly out of the sheath.
“Don’t!” Jack warned.
Within moments, the trolls and ogres came directly upon them, encircled them, and snatched their backpacks and weapons. They were eleven in number, and were dressed in fur, and carrying stone maces.
“We mean no harm” Jack said loudly “We have come here to meet Gryla”
They stared at each other’s face and then broke into laughter.
“Matuna!” the leader of the group shouted, hungrily licking his lips and looking at the others “Mussipi. Dora, doga Mussipi”.
“What are they talking about?” Barbarossa asked with a trembling voice.
“No idea” Jack shrugged his shoulder.
“Mussipi!” “Mussipi!” the other trolls shouted loudly. Two trolls came forward and seized both of them.
“What will they do with us?” Barbarossa asked in horror.
“Sorry, can’t say” Jack answered in a resigned and apprehensive tone.
The leader of the group ordered “Ol pasinto Gryla masupas” and started walking.
The others started following him, dragging Jack and Barbarossa with them.
“Where are they taking us?” Barbarossa said.
Jack said nothing.
* * *
They were taken directly to ogress Gryla’s cave.
“I can’t believe that we are about to meet Gryla at the dining table” Jack said to Barbarossa, heaving a sigh of relief. He adjusted his collars and pressed his ruffled hairs “I thought they would have dressed us in their proper manner, before we met any high ranking ogre at the dining table”.
“You mean, dressing us like trolls & ogres?” Barbarossa asked.
“Hah!” Jack snapped “I meant taking us to the kitchen room for dressing us like that!” Jack pointed at a chicken fry lying on the dining table.
They had a brief audience with ogress Gryla, the mother of the thirteen Icelandic ‘Yule Lads”. Jack introduced himself and Barbarossa, and tried to explain his situation.
Jack observed the greenish color of Gryla’s skin. He also noticed her excessively broad and flat nose, and her unusual funnel like ears. Her large head, abundant hairs, and plump, strong body also amazed Jack. She had traces of beard and moustache.
She picked up the fried chicken and snapped it into half with just one bite with her excessively large teeth. Jack had heard about the voracious appetite of ogres, but never seen himself before. She munched so vigorously, that one might assume it was her last meal on earth.
“Why do I believe you?” Gryla said, “Have you got any evidence?”
“I had the letter from Krampus, which I lost during shipwreck” Jack replied.
“Till I receive confirmation from Krampus, you shall be my special guest. You are not to leave without my permission”.
Jack experienced a sudden pulse of fear. Gryla didn’t even spare her husbands. Now she is living with her third husband. Jack’s mind was ringing with what the fishermen had warned him about Gryla.
As both of them were led away, Jack heard a distant whisper, which seemed to his ears like “…the fawns have entered the lion’s den”.

Back to top

Chapter 15
Prisoners
Barbarossa was allowed to roam within tracking range, while Jack was placed almost under house arrest, held as hostage.
On the second night, Jack went to bed early, pretending to fall asleep. Soon the guard at the door started dozing off, snoring loudly. 
Jack got up and eyed the bunch of keys hanging from the guard’s waist, tied securely to his belt. This is the moment. Either now or never! Jack felt his heart pounding hard. If he was caught, there was no excuse for him. The punishment would be severe-almost certainly death for him and Barbarossa. Worst of all, they won’t grant a quick death. They will scoop out their eyes for making salted pickles, tear off their skins, and then chop them into pieces for frying.
The risks were enormous. Too much was at stake.
Jack approached the guard stealthily and started untying the bunch very carefully. Any slightest mistake and the guard will wake up. 
All of a sudden, the guard’s hand moved towards the key bunch. His snoring stopped abruptly.
Jack recoiled in horror. His heart gave a kick. He felt his blood curdling in his veins. 
The guard scratched his hip. Jack was paralyzed with fear. His heart was beating like a hammer. Drops of sweat appeared on his forehead. 
Jack remained dead still for a few moments, and finding that the guard hasn't woken up yet, he slowly moved the guard’s hand away.
Continuing his patient effort, Jack managed to untie the bunch of keys. Jack decided to take the risk and sneak outside to find out more. He moved to the door, and turned the doorknob, but it was locked. None of the keys even fitted the keyhole.
“Hopeless! Just my luck!” Jack murmured. But then, his eyes fell on the ventilator high overhead. 
He needed a tall stool, but he knew there were none around. All he managed to get was his own chair. He stood on his toes, and just managed to reach the ventilator with the tip of his fingers. He tried to get a firmer grip, stretching himself as much as possible, but failed. 
He tried again, and almost toppled from the chair. 
On his third attempt, he put his thin pillow on the chair and managed to pull himself up, barely enough to peep momentarily and glance outside. He saw a ferocious bloodhound resting along the corridor, under the lamp and blocking all hopes of sneaking outside.
Jack felt disgusted. But suddenly, a flash of hope brightened up his face. He came down, placed the chair in its former position and then fetched as many bar soaps form the toilet as he could. He pressed one key against the soap, forming its impression. He took impressions of as many keys as he could. 
Then he placed the remaining keys, one by one, on a piece of paper and traced the outlines quickly. He wiped the keys carefully, and tied the bunch to the guard’s belt, while the guard was still dozing.
“These must be important keys. Maybe one of them is the key to the corridor door” Jack whispered to himself.
He sat down on his bed and carefully hid the soaps inside his pillow, and tucked the piece of paper inside his pocket. Tomorrow I shall smuggle out these soaps to Barbarossa and have my own keys. I shall need one chunk of meat, dipped in sleeping potion, a rope with a hook, and some chloroform for that guard.
Jack smiled. He remembered: when he worked part-time as a village blacksmith, he sometimes found soap impressions outside his forge, along with a silver coin, placed anonymously at night. It was the standard practice among the thieves and burglars.
* * *
This time, it was quite easy for Jack to sneak outside. He was confident that the dose was sufficient and the guard won't wake up within say next two hours.
Jack walked cautiously. He took special care to remain concealed among the shadows of buildings, and remain unnoticed by clinging to walls and pillars. There were guards all around.
A shrill whistle broke the silence of the night.
Guards came rushing towards Jack.
Jack froze on the spot. They started gathering right in front of him.
Jack felt his limbs turning numb. Now his only hope was his dark camouflage and his surrounding darkness.
Jack desperately prayed and hoped that they might think a false alarm has been raised. Instead, more guards appeared out of nowhere.
They started forming two groups. Another shrill whistle made all the guards alert, as if waiting for an order to pounce on their prey. All the guards stood in attention position, waiting for a nod.
One group bade goodbye to the other and started disappearing into the night. Jack heaved a sense of relief that it turned out to be a change in duty-shift. But these fresh guards will be doing their job more energetically and attentively and make my task difficult Jack thought.
Jack roamed in the premise and came upon a stone building that looked impressive and important. It was hard not to notice that all the entrances were guarded heavily. Jack made a preliminary survey and found a tree with its branches reaching the roof. Jack climbed the tree and reached the roof.
Jack peeped inside the hall through the skylight. He saw the thirteen Yule lads and ogress Gryla with her Yule cat on her lap. There was someone draped in black gown sitting near the dining table, whose face was almost covered. Jack placed his ear near the skylight opening and cupped his hand around it to listen.
“…But I assure you Madam, that my Lord will keep his promise. You can trust him, as much as you trust yourself,” the unknown person said.
“But why so much delay?” Gryla demanded in a harsh tone “has your Lord Devil changed his plan?”  Gryla patted her cat. 
Gryla’s huge, black, Yule cat purred Mrreeooww!
“No madam, no! He will replace Santa Claus with your thirteen Yule Lads. But you must keep patience. My Lord is waiting for the right moment. He is trying his best to create a good image of your sons. It is only because of Lord Devil’s propaganda that many people of Iceland have already started equating them with Santa Claus”.
“Trying to create a good image? Huh!” Gryla grumbled.
“Forgive my rudeness madam, but it's a fact that presently many people know that your sons have grown from pranksters to outright cannibals”.
“Is it so?” Gryla fumed in anger “and why exactly should I trust your Lord Devil?”
“Is he not supporting the rule of trolls, ogres and gnomes over the elves in Iceland? And besides…” he pulled out a fried human hand from the large plate “... is he not supplying you children and slaves regularly, from Krampus’ camp?”  
“Regularly?” screamed Gryla “Don’t use that word! You are downright irregular. Why hasn’t your consignment arrived yet?”
“A mighty storm hit the North Atlantic” he passed himself a jar of pickled eyeballs and a bowl of preserved brains “we haven’t heard anything about that ship yet. But be assured, we’ll deliver at the earliest”.
“And meanwhile how am I supposed to manage?” Gryla burst out “I have to feed thousands of ogres and trolls”.
“Well, madam…” the stranger lowered his voice “…why not manage with your own prisoners for the time being?”
A chill ran down Jack’s spines. His blood curdled, his hands trembled and he remained paralyzed with horror for a few moments. His heart was thumping.
Should I risk returning back, or should I run away in the wild, lonely and harsh mountains and face whatever fate has in store for me? Jack thought rapidly as he wiped the fresh drops of sweat from his forehead. His head was almost spinning with dilemma.
* * *
Four days later.
Gryla arrived with a flourish of trumpets. The two guards at the door bowed down to her. She entered Jack’s room haughtily.
“There is a letter for you Jack. Krampus has sent it at this address” Gryla said.
“I knew Krampus would send me the introductory letter again” Jack replied, heaving a sigh of relief. “I told you so. And you were so reluctant to believe that I have indeed been placed under your guardianship for practical training that you placed me under house arrest” Jack complained.
“Hah! Read this first” Gryla snapped. She took out an envelope from her handbag and handed over to Jack.
Jack took the envelope and exclaimed, “The seal is broken! It has been opened”
“Well, I took the liberty of opening it” Gryla replied, without showing least emotion.
Without another word, Jack took out the letter. It was premium bond paper, with a small parchment pinned to it. A note has been scribbled on it:
Jack,
Sign this immediately and hand over to Gryla for posting.
-Krampus.
Jack unfolded the bond paper, and read:
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
By this edict, it is hereby decreed that all werewolves shall put an immediate end to all intermarriages with normal humans. They must strive to maintain blood purity.
Further, Lord Devil must be intimated beforehand to conduct any secret meeting. Gathering of more than twenty werewolves on full moon night shall also be considered a meeting. It shall attract severe penalties, including death, to treat such gathering as casual events and failing to intimate Lord Devil. 
This decree has been issued by Jack-o-Halloween and has the approval and seal of Lord Devil.
Signed (Jack-o-Halloween):
Countersigned (Lord Devil):
(Great Seal of Pandemonium)
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
Jack stared at the letter in disbelief and uttered “Oh my God! Once again?” He looked up at Gryla’s face and said “Lord Devil is trying to interfere in Halloween world and-“
“Don’t tell me anything” Gryla snapped “Whatever it is, it is between both of you-I know nothing about it. And, if you ask my opinion, I should advice you to sign it without wasting your words”.
Jack remained silent. I am in a hostile land, surrounded by hostiles Jack thought. And what is the point in protesting? I have seen the result earlier.
Without another word, Jack signed it and handed it over to Gryla.

Back to top

Chapter 16
Restricted Tours
Almost one fortnight had passed since Jack had arrived. Jack was not sure whether Gryla had received any message of confirmation from Krampus yet. However Gryla had permitted Jack and Barbarossa a few sightseeing under heavy guard.
Jack walked down the street, or was rather led forward by his ogre and troll guards. When they reached the market square, they found a huge gathering of elves, lamenting and wailing. They pierced through the crowd to meet a fence of gnome and troll guards surrounding the empty inner square.
Right at the center of the square, a goal post shaped gallows had been erected, with five cotton-rope nooses. The ogre and troll guards had a difficult time warding off the massive crowd of angry and lamenting elves. The crowd was shouting at them, desperate to breach the fence and reach inside. The guards were holding back the crowd with spears and baton charges. 
All of a sudden, the gathering became more agitated and violent.
Jack saw three elves being dragged and shoved by troll and gnome soldiers into the vacant center. The three elves were flogged severely before being led towards the gallows.
There was a mass outcry of agony as the three elves were made to stand on the trapdoor and the hangman placed the nooses around their necks. The assembled Elves wailed and stretched out their hands.
The three elves, with nooses around their necks, shouted together “Glory to our motherland! We, freedom fighters will happily die for our independence”.
A booming echo resounded among the gathering “We’ll be free! “, “Freedom is our birthright”.
“Nothing much to watch at!” Jack’s guard said. They pushed Jack and led him forcible away from the scene. “Must be some criminals……….it is our duty to keep Iceland safe and criminal-free”.
Try to brainwash me as much as you like Jack thought but I can never forget those martyrs, sacrificing their lives for the cause of freedom.
* * *
Jack’s guards led Jack to the nearest ‘rest house’-their joking term for check post.
Just above the entrance, they had hung a portrait of Devil, and had placed a garland of flowers around it. Devil was holding an Elf child in his arm. He was waving his other arm like a candidate running for the polls. Below it was inscribed:
Lord Devil dreams of a happy and prosperous Elf land.
A mean cheat! Jack thought Instead of hanging his portrait; I wish they had hung him in person.
Inside the check post, several gnomes, ogre and troll soldiers were reclining on their old wooden chairs around several old desks. Most of them were gambling, drinking or playing ‘whistoon’ (a popular game of cards in Elf land, played with eighteen pairs of tarot like cards). Some of them were lazily smoking ‘chilim” and two of them were dozing off.
Jack’s guards joined the group and started drinking and gambling.
This is a good opportunity to escape the idea flashed in Jack’s mind but I can’t. Barbarossa is held hostage today.
Soon a cart loaded with wooden trunks and cardboard cartons arrived. The cart driver jumped down and approached the inspecting officer.
“Towards Zurich or Munich?” the inspector asked.
“Towards Zurich! Towards Zurich!”
“Fine! Leave nothing behind,” the inspector said. He gave thumbs up signal and laughed aloud. He stamped the driver’s documents hastily without even caring to look at it. Then he stamped the paper seals of a few top layers of cartons and trunks carelessly.
The driver took out a small sack and handed over to the inspector. The inspector tossed it in his palm as if trying to estimate its weight, and then without opening it, he put it inside his pocket.
Jack guessed that it was metal coins, from the clinking noise. Maybe gold Jack thought how deeply corruption has infiltrated among the ruling class in Elf-Land. It is the ruled-upon elves that are suffering bitterly in their own land.

Back to top

Chapter 17
Jack’s Plans
By now, Jack had sniffed around a bit, and had also won the confidence of the servant house-elf. That elf provided breakfast, lunch and dinner and also did the cleanings and changing bed sheets etc. His name was Moily.
Jack sometimes played ‘whistoon’ and ‘Elf chequer’ with Moily. Jack and Moily sometimes shared some personal secrets.
One day Jack was discussing about the sorry plight of Elves in Iceland, and expressing his sorrow at events he had witnessed.
Moily gave a deep sigh and said, “You haven’t seen much yet. Things are much more serious than it seems at the surface. I have seen some of my companions subjected to such a degree of torture…enough to make a witness insane”. He shook his head remorsefully.
Jack lowered his voice “You said ‘my companions’, isn’t it?” Jack moved closer and whispered “Are you one of them? I mean one of the rebel elves?”
Moily hesitated and plucked his own nails. He opened his mouth and closed them without letting any air escape his lungs. He scratched his hair and looked down at the ground, but didn’t say anything.
“I see” Jack said, “I have understood. Your body language has said it all”.
Jack placed his hand slowly on Moily’s hand and firmly grasped his palm without uttering anything. Their eyes met silently.
“Have faith on me” Jack winked at him and said, “Trust me. I am your friend. I support your cause wholeheartedly”.
Moily stared at Jack for some time and said, “We are persecuted and hunted. It is best if you can keep this secret buried deep in your heart”.
“I shall never divulge this little secret” Jack swore, and then said, “Our enemies are the same. I hate your enemies as much as you do. Can you introduce me to some of your friends? It might be vastly useful to me if I can contact some of your top leaders”.
Moily remained silent for a few moments and then said “I have contacts with only the local rebel leaders. I can introduce you and vouch for you at tonight’s meeting. After that it will be up to you to convince them. We shall meet after midnight in the basement of the haunted palace”.
“I shall remain grateful to you forever” Jack said with a smile.
“There is no room for betrayal in our organization” Moily said with a grave voice, and without returning Jack’s friendly smile.
“And remember Jack, they treat unknowns with deep suspicion” Moily continued with his cautioning tone “they show no mercy to traitors. They eliminate those, whom they doubt as enemy spies; often by throwing in the molten lava”.
* * *
A few more days passed
“Barbarossa, my friend, will you take my place in my bed today?” Jack requested, “Just lie down on this bed, and cover your body and your face with this blanket”.
Jack observed the questioning look on Barbarossa’s face. 
“I have made it known to the prison guards that I am not well, and I need a rest” Jack continued in an explaining manner “Here, take my ring. Wear it on your finger, and let only your hand be visible. I am going on a special mission to meet the rebel elves. I’ll be back by evening”.
“Are you not taking an inappropriate risk?” Barbarossa asked apprehensively.
“Devil is pursuing his own nefarious ambitions, Krampus is minding his own” Jack tried to explain the situation “I don’t quite understand what exactly Gryla has in her mind. But make no mistake Barbarossa; we are prisoners here! And our only hopes left are the rebel elves. I am willing to risk everything rather than sit idle”
Jack paused and pointed his finger to a jar of preserved human brain, which neither of them had touched “In any case, our lives depend on the wish of whimsical ‘Gryla’ if we resign to our fate”.
Barbarossa hesitated. He appeared to be in a deep dilemma and apprehensive of the possible consequences.
“I am willing to risk my life, Jack” Barbarossa said after a long time “But remember about the consequence if they find out one of us is missing. Return back as soon as possible” Barbarossa pointed at the same jar “my life hangs by the thread till then”.
* * *
Jack climbed up the rocky track of the conical-shaped volcanic mountain with his Elf companions. Every few minutes or so, the ground trembled and the volcano spewed molten lava in the air, with a roaring sound, scattering destruction over large areas. All of them were wearing shining asbestos shoes and carrying huge asbestos umbrellas for protection.
“Our entire country is volcanically active” one of the Elves explained to Jack “sand fields, plateaus, glacial rivers and volcanic mountains! This is all you will find here in Iceland. We have been…. Alert!” Molten rock rained over them instantly, setting the shrubs and grasses around them on fire.
Jack looked around apprehensively and said, “Why won’t you disclose where we are heading?”
“You shall soon find out. A surprise is waiting you there” the Elf replied with a wicked smile “We are heading towards the lake of molten lava; towards the crater-the mouth of the volcano”.
“I suppose it will be wise to turn back” Jack said.
“We don’t think so” two elves on Jack’s either side said simultaneously, grasping Jack’s one arm each. “Our kind mountain god demands sacrifice”.
Jack struggled to loosen his arms. The two elves tightened their grips, their knuckles whitened, and all of them laughed mockingly. Jack was fully encircled. Several elves clasped the handle of their swords tightly with their free hands. Jack was unarmed and fully outnumbered.
“Spare yourself the trouble of useless struggle, Jack. Just move on!”
Soon they reached the top and looked down at mouth of the volcano-the churning, raging, fuming lava. Jack’s lungs burned with the poisonous, pungent gases. They descended towards the lake of lava, dragging Jack along.
They were hardly a few feet away from the molten hell, when all the Elves started jumping up and down and stamping the ground with their hard soles.
“What the hell are you all doing?” Jack yelled helplessly “The crust is very thin here. Everyone will be engulfed in the burning inferno if this thin ground slides”.
“You seem to be very afraid of getting roasted, Jack” one of them mocked “Only a burned child dreads the fire so much. Have you ever got burned before?”
“Let me go” Jack pleaded, “It might erupt any time”.
“Why aren’t you jumping?” cried one angry voice.
The ground under their feet started tilting. Jack was paralyzed with horror. He closed his eyes. 
Before Jack could react, the ground tilted further, and his feet slipped. He reflexively sensed his end, as he fell on something soft and spongy.
It took several moments for Jack to recover, gaze around him with his eyes wide open, and to understand that the other elves were dusting off their clothes and laughing at him.
“It was a nasty joke” Jack burst out angrily when he understood what had happened.
“Welcome to our secret headquarters, Jack” one of the elves said, offering Jack a helping hand to stand on his feet.
Jack looked up and saw that that had fallen through a trap door. 
The room was small and dark, with stairs leading downwards. Three of the elves picked up three batons, and as they rubbed the other ends, the batons turned into glowing torches. Without a single word, they started descending down the spiral stairs. Jack followed them silently.
Jack gazed in wonder as they descended down. The structure seemed to look like a giant conical-shaped circus tent, supported by a massive central pillar with the stairs spiraling down around it. The pillar shone brilliantly in the light of the torches.
Unable to hold back his curiosity any further, Jack enquired, “What’s that shinning pillar?”
“That’s a massive, metal reinforced, asbestos and ceramic pipe, which vents the lava from the deep inner earth to the outside, through the mouth of the volcano. A stunning sample of engineering of our ancestors, isn’t it?”
All the Elves paused for a moment and raised their hands to their head in a sort of salute at the impressive ancestral work.
“The asbestos, fire-bricks and ceramics insulate the scorching heat” one elf said “after scooping out the rocky mass of the conical volcanic mountain to form this massive circus-tent like hollow, the inside walls of this structure has been lined with tiles”.
When they descended on the stone lined floor, Jack still gazed in wonder at the massive, circus-tent shaped structure, inside a conical volcanic mountain. 
A large number of Elves were standing on the floor. An old and war-hardened dark elf stepped forward and shaking hand with Jack in a peculiar, sideways to and fro Elfish style, said “Welcome to our headquarter. I am the leader of this group. Call me Martini”.
“I am Jack-“
“I know” Martini said.
Martini pointed his fingers towards the conference table and said, “come”.
* * *
When they were seated, Martini spoke “It’s a great pleasure to have Jack-o’-Halloween here”. Then he turned to Jack and said with a smile “So, what brings you here, Jack”.
“I wished to make an appeal”
“Yes?”
Without further introduction Jack said, “We have a common enemy. Devil intends to rule the Elves. At the same time, he wants to exploit my influence to raise a dark army of his own. We can join hands to fight our common enemy”.
“You are talking big” Martini commented and laughed; “so, what do you want Jack?” Martini asked dryly.
“I want the valuable service of Elf spy network to track Devil’s intentions, to get a glimpse of the broader picture” Jack looked around him and continued “Finding out Devil’s intentions will be greatly useful to me, as well as to all of you…to all patriotic Elves” 
Jack paused to drink a glass of chilled, mineral rich, natural geyser water of Iceland.
“I have already overheard Devil’s assurance to Gryla about supporting the mountain trolls and ogres to subjugate the Elves” Jack continued “Further, he has assured that he will replace Santa Claus with cannibalistic ‘Yule Lads’ very soon”.
Jack observed the serious looks on their faces.
“So what exactly do you want, Jack? Be specific” Martini said. His tone was much friendlier now, though serious.
“Devil’s commitment to support gnomes, ogres and trolls to crush Elves is nothing new or striking to any of you. But what is worth noting is his interference in the Christmas world. I suspect that Devil is not satisfied with the triumvirate alliance he has formed with trolls and humanoid gnomes to rule elf-land. He eyes the lucrative Christmas world & Santa’s unlimited coffers as well”.
“So what?”
“So our first aim…” Jack continued passionately “should be to get as much information about Devil’s intentions as possible, especially his activities in Christmas & Halloween worlds. And for this specific purpose, your first-class elf spy network-“
“Nonsense! You talk bullshit!” one of Martini’s men shouted. It was clear from his voice that he deeply resented a newcomer gaining so much attention.
Jack wanted to shout back, but immediately controlled himself to avoid the risk of offending Martini. 
“Elf spies can easily infiltrate among the worker Elves of Santa” Jack tried to explain in a soft voice “and in Santa’s rival Ded Moroz’s territory since he is presently recruiting elves. Other targets might be Sinterklaas’s castle by taking advantage of the friendly ties between black elves and ‘Zwarte Piets’ of Sinterklaas. Also the important office of Devil’s right hand person, Beelzebub can be penetrated. So, I wished to propose...” Jack fell silent.
Martini managed to make a faint smile appear on his face. “Go on Jack, I am listening”.
“If I am not wrong, you already have pieces of such networks in places, maybe lying dormant” Jack said, “You must activate the entire network. Concentrating all the spy resources on Iceland won’t do”.
“And what shall we gain? Besides, what’s proof of your trustworthiness?” one of Martini’s henchmen asked.
“I can’t promise that it will be a gainful bargain” Jack said “and regarding trustworthiness, I can prove how much I hate Devil, and leave the rest upon your best judgment”. Saying this, Jack lifted his robe, and bared his back. The whip marks of Devil’s torture were still faintly visible.
“And what shall be-“another henchman began speaking something, when Martini stopped him with a signal of his eyes.
“All these might be arranged” Martini said with a slight frown “But will it be really useful? Will all these justify the expenditure? After all, our resources are limited”.
“We must know our enemy’s motive as minutely and accurately as possible, if we wish to stand a chance of succeeding” Jack said “We have to track each and every activities of Devil”.
Jack’s words had a great impact. A deafening silence engulfed the enormous conical hall.
Finally Martini said, “I must discuss with my colleagues. Would you excuse us for a few moments?”
“Oh sure!” Jack said and strolled towards the other end of the hall.
Martini and his close confidants pulled their heads together in a tight circle and whispered among themselves in Elfish language.
Jack was feeling tense. All his hopes and chances were hanging on their decision. They were, in a way, discussing his fate.
Jack reached the other end. A number of dining tables were laid there, with shining tablecloth on them. It looked like a mini-canteen. An aquarium was placed on one table. Beside it, a large flower base was placed containing a bunch of ‘white Icelandic Dryas’, the national flower of Elf-land, and bunches of Iceland poppies and tulips. 
Jack observed the goldfishes, but couldn’t focus his mind on them. The face of the resentful elf flashed in his mind. Is he trying to poison Martini’s mind?
Jack noted that at the farthest end, there was a small door. Maybe, a secret passage to another volcanic shelter! Maybe complex networks Jack thought link them all.
Martini stopped his discussions and stood up. He approached Jack.
He placed his hand on Jack’s shoulder. “We’ll offer requested information” Martini said “and besides, I will talk to my friend ‘Kandy’, the other topmost rebel leader. I’ll ask him to offer you all possible assistance in this matter. But we won’t allow you access to any of our inner working methods”.
Jack thanked him and glanced at the small door.
Martini looked sharply at Jack’s face, as if trying to read his mind. “Want to know what is behind that forbidden door?” Martini said.
Jack hesitated. He was too curious to lie ‘no’. Also he was apprehensive whether letting out his curiosity by saying ‘yes’ might be a wise thing to do.
Martini gazed piercingly at Jack. “I can show you the dark secret behind that door” Martini said. He took out a large and old brass key “but you can’t tell anyone Jack; not even your best friend. Now follow me!”

Back to top

Chapter 18
Startling revelations
“I am so glad that I listened to you, and deployed our spies far and wide” Martini said to Jack “Or else, we could have never tracked down what was going on right beneath our nose!”
“Another spy report?” Jack asked.
“Yes. This report clearly hints that yours and mine fate are much strongly inter-linked than I had initially thought” there was a tone of gratitude in Martini’s voice. He cleared his throat and said “But I won’t show the report to you this time”.
“Why?”
Martini laughed aloud. “Dear Jack…my intention is not to hide something from you. Rather, I simply don’t want to kill your suspense”.
“You think you are doing me a great favor by keeping me in the dark?” Jack snapped at Martini. Jack was dying with curiosity to know the report, especially after having read the last shocking report and having felt its electrifying taste.
“You will come out of this darkness, when darkness falls” Martini said.
Jack was puzzled. “Now, will you kindly tell me in simpler terms?” Jack snapped in irritation “Your speech is absolutely tangled like a foul fishing net”.
“What I mean is: wait for the darkness!” Martini said “We will go there ourselves after the night falls, to witness with our own eyes”.
“Go where? What for?”
“I am awfully sorry” Martini apologized “I haven’t told you about it yet. The venue of the upcoming event, as mentioned in the report, is not quite far from here.”
“Tonight?” Jack asked.
“Yes. But beware, we will be fully outnumbered” Martini cautioned “Also, the lesser the number of guards we take with us, the better are our chances of remaining hidden”. 
Martini held Jack’s hand and said cautiously “We mustn’t attract their attention-it will be fatal. Promise me that you will control your emotions, regardless of what you witness”.
Jack said nothing. If Martini was specifically asking him to control his emotions beforehand, then the event has to be something horrible. 
Jack was itching to get more information from Martini. But he was aware that the more he tried, the more Martini will tease Jack and will enjoy doing that. 
Jack resisted his urge of acting like a fish on the hook. He pressed Martini’s hand silently, nodded his head lightly and winked consent.
* * *
A crowd of several hundred vampires, werewolves, African and Caribbean zombies, and a few mini-demons had gathered in a large semicircular pattern. They were all facing a slightly elevated wooden platform. On the open-stage, there was an effigy of Jack, holding the pumpkin lantern.
At the center of the space, enclosed by the semi-circular gathering and the stage, another few hundred Elves, mostly dark Elves had huddled together. The Elves appeared to be in a trance like state.
Jack, Martini and three trusted Elf guards had occupied their positions in a trench-like natural fissure in the ground, about fifty yards away from the stage. The angle of view was perfect- everything was clearly visible from there.
“What the hell is happening?” Jack asked, glancing outside cautiously.
Martini said nothing. He placed his forefinger on his lips and signaled Jack to maintain complete silence. 
A carriage arrived. Devil and Beelzebub stepped out.
Everyone standing in the semicircle, bowed down to Devil. The Elves didn’t seem to respond. It appeared that they were too dazed even to respond. They stood rooted to their spots and swayed unsteadily.
Devil and Beelzebub stood on the stage. Devil addressed the gathered Elves “Today is a very auspicious occasion. I am glad to welcome all of you in the community. Let the rituals begin”.
A dozen Voodoo priests and their assistants approached the crowd of Elves. The assistants were carrying two baskets each. One basket appeared empty and the other one fully piled. The Elves were still swaying unsteadily in a trance-like state.
Armed with scissors, the Voodoo priests cut off some hair from each Elf as they passed along. Then they took out tiny dolls, one after another from the basket. They tucked the cut hairs inside the fluffy flaxen hairs of the dolls and gathered the dolls in the second basket.
They emptied their baskets on the stage, making a huge pile of dolls. 
Devil picked up one doll. “Remember, these Voodoo dolls are not playthings…Just watch this…” he whispered something to the doll.
An Elf walked towards him like a living corpse.
Devil whispered to the doll again.
The Elf started performing acrobatic somersaults like a street-performer’s monkey.
Devil whispered something again.
The Elf stood still, folded his hands, and bending backward, he touched the ground with his nose. Jack gazed in wonder at the amazing flexibility of his body. Could he really do that if he had not been in a trance? Jack wondered.
Devil took a pin and pricked it in the buttock of the doll. 
Instantly, the Elf yelled in agony, rubbing his buttock, and started jumping around madly. 
Devil rolled in laughter. “He dances nicely” Devil commented “now let the real dance begin”. 
A Voodoo style spirit-possessed dance started. Amidst intense drumming, the Elves danced wildly, while still in trance.
“Why don’t you tell me what is happening?” Jack asked Martini urgently. He was dying to know more.
But Martini kept his lips pressed tightly together.
Jack watched intently, trying to figure it out himself. But now, the outer semicircle spread out further, almost enclosing the inner gathering of Elves. The zombies and vampires and mini-demons of the outer semicircle began a wild back-to-back dance, completely cutting off the view and blocking any chance of observing what was going on inside.
While the drums were beating loudly enough to drown all noises, Martini broke his silence. “Supported by Devil, the ogres, gnomes and trolls have been draining our wealth for years” Martini explained to Jack “For the last three months, I had occasional reports of Devil’s men snatching away Elves from their home to make them slaves. And now, they have started turning them into Elf-Zombies through dark Voodoo magic as well”.
When the dance was over, they occupied their former positions and everything was visible again. Devil took the pumpkin Jack-o’-Lantern from the effigy of Jack-o’-Halloween and addressed the zombie-Elves “Now bow down to the Jack-o’-Lantern”.
Everybody obeyed.
“And remember” Devil addressed again “I am the master of Jack. He is nothing but my slave. Now watch this-“
Right before Jack’s eyes, Devil kicked Jack’s effigy. Then Devil placed the Jack-o’-Lantern under his boots and shouted, “Now bow down before me”.
Jack screamed in anger “Son-of-a-“. But before he could let out a scream, Martini pressed his hand tightly on Jack’s mouth. 
“You will get all of us killed!” Martini hissed. 
A few moments later, he removed his hand.
“But how can I keep quiet?” Jack said excitedly “Devil is kicking my effigy and placing the Jack-o’-Lantern under his boots. He is trying to project me as his servant to control the Halloween world through proxy”.
Marini took out a long, sharp knife from his knee-high socks and pressed the blade hard on Jack’s throat. “If you utter a shriek, I’ll slit your throat with my own hand. I swear!” Martini warned, “So control yourself and remain silent. Or else we all might end up like them!”

Back to top

Chapter 19
Baba Yaga
“Devil’s intention is now clear like crystal to me” Jack confided to his closest friend Barbarossa, hanging his head down in a depressed mood.
“Would you like some coffee?” Barbarossa said.
“What I would rather like” Jack said angrily “I would rather want you to pay some attention. Or else, you may leave”. Amazingly, Jack didn’t regret speaking to his friend so harshly at this moment.
“After going through all those secret reports” Jack said “I am quite sure that Devil wants to exploit the prevailing bitter rivalry between Santa Claus and Ded Moroz in the Christmas world, to drain their riches, and-“Jack punched his own fist “Through all those edicts with my signatures, and by projecting me as his slave, he wants to take over my own dark world as well through proxy”.
“In this hour of crisis, we must seek some wise advice” Barbarossa suggested “Why don’t you approach Baba Yaga once? Your mentor had strongly recommended her as a possible mentor. Do you remember?”
“Will it serve any good?”
“What is the harm in trying?” Barbarossa said.
“In case you don’t remember” Jack said “all the poles on her fence are decorated with human skulls except one. I suppose you can guess what will be at stake?”
“Well, another skull will be on the stake” Barbarossa said with laughter.
Jack remained silent for a long time. Then letting out a deep sigh he announced “It will be such a difficult task to leave Iceland; let alone spending a few weeks in Russia. But still, I’ll try to find Baba Yaga’s hut among the Russian forests”.
A flash of hope appeared on Jack’s face. “Even if I don’t know how to achieve my goal, at least I know my goal” Jack said.
“And what’s that?” Barbarossa asked.
“I can thwart Devil’s desires if I struggle and succeed in becoming the unchallenged master of Christmas and Halloween worlds myself. And therefore, that shall be my concrete goal from now onwards!” 
Jack pulled out his silver crucifix and kissed it. “Have pity on me, my lord” Jack whispered “fulfill my desire”.
“Amen!” Barbarossa said.
“God helps those, who help themselves” Jack said “so I’ll struggle harder”.
“I wish you best of Luck, dear Jack. God bless you” Barbarossa turned emotional “and, I wish you a successful journey” Barbarossa said, and wiped his tears with his sleeve.
* * *
Jack wandered in the deep forests in the heartland of Russia, relying on the roadmaps drawn by forest dwellers. The roadmaps were often misleading, causing extreme troubles and frustration. Several times Jack lost track. His survival skills were put to severe tests in the vast remoteness of Russia, in freezing harsh environment. 
Jack rode on a sturdy horse in the inaccessible forests of snow covered ‘Taiga’, among the spruce, larches, pines and conifers. He was glad that he had learnt horse riding well in training school. But he wished he had the magical Persian carpet.
Jack felt the sheer vastness of the Russian forests through sheer frustration. This is madness Jack thought Combing through more than a thousand million hectares of Russian forest! An impossible task!
Jack had given up his plans of taking help of a search party, when he learnt that an essential prerequisite of seeking help from Baba Yaga was that the seeker must approach alone. Baba Yaga liked to test them through endurance-one of the distinct qualities of a true hero. One villager had even warned Jack that taking help of others makes the task more difficult. Baba Yaga’s hut becomes as elusive as the fabled ‘Quetzal’ bird.
These forests have no boundaries! And so much diversity of forests…Jack wondered.
Jack searched in the birch forest of ‘Khimki’, the ‘Karakan pine forest’, in the Forest of Ural Mountain, ‘Romincka’ forest and forests of Caucasus.
At last he stumbled upon a large clearing in the dense forest.
Jack realized that he had found quite by accident what he had been searching for several weeks.
He had heard some descriptions (and had formed a mental picture) of Baba Yaga's hut before setting out on the quest. The fence matched with the descriptions perfectly. On all the pointed wooden poles on the fence, there were human skulls-only on one pole the skull was missing.
Jack gathered his courage, and pushing the gate open, he went inside.
He faced a large wooden cabin, standing on two huge chicken legs. Jack took a quick glance around him, and found that the lawn was covered with wild weeds and there were heaps of human bones at several places!
A viper slithered over Jack’s feet.  Jack shuddered and recoiled in fear.
Jack took a tour round the log cabin, and found that there are no doors and no windows. Jack noticed that the chimney was too huge and too broad for a cabin of this size.
Jack stood there wondering what to do next; when he remembered what one old village woman had told him. Jack was sure it was nothing but folklore, but decided to give it a try.
He closed his eyes and tied a folded handkerchief around it. Then he uttered the phrase “cabin, oh dear cabin! Turn your back to the forest, and your front to me!”
Nothing happened.
“Cabin, good old cabin; turn your back to the forest, and your front to me!”
Still nothing happened. Jack was glad that there was nobody around to watch him acting like an awfully credulous child.
“Please, oh nice dear cabin! Turn your back to the forest and your front to me!”
Thud! Thud! Thud! Whoooshhh...
Jack flung open the handkerchief with a jerk and watched wide-eyed: the cabin was dancing on the massive chicken legs. The wild leaves were scattered here and there by the strong gust of wind that had suddenly arisen!
The cabin started spinning, first slowly with a dancing motion on both legs and then started spinning faster and faster on one leg like a performer on an ice rink.
Jack covered his face with his handkerchief as leaves and twigs hit his face with more and more ferocity.
The gust of wind stopped abruptly; so did the spinning of the cabin. Jack removed his handkerchief to see the cabin standing still on both its legs. The front door was clearly visible now. A ladder had also descended from the balcony to the ground.
Jack gathered his courage, climbed up the ladder and knocked at the door. He waited patiently for a long time, but nobody opened the door. He knocked again, and again.
Jack turned the doorknob.
“Ouch! Oh my nose! Ooouu.....chhh!”
Before Jack realized that it was the door, which was yelling, a distinct face appeared around the keyhole. For a moment, the doorknob looked like a nose. The keyhole opened wide like a mouth and bit Jack's fingers.
Jack pressed his bleeding fingers tightly with his handkerchief. “Oh my God! Such sharp teeth!” Jack yelled in terrible pain, and took a few steps backward.
With a creaking noise, the door flung open automatically. “Welcome Sir! Please come inside” a clear voice emerged from inside the cabin. 
Jack peeped inside cautiously, but found nobody. He entered the room and said aloud “is anybody here?” 
Nobody answered.
Jack noticed a few old cabinets inside the cabin. There was a grandfather clock with brass pendulum on the wall. There was a rack full of old, withered, dust covered books and a sofa that was equally dust covered and had stitches in several places. Only one cane chair seemed to be clean. Jack was about to sit on it, when it occurred to him that it must be Baba Yaga’s chair. Modesty prevented him from occupying it. Jack guessed from the dust on the sofa that she must have few visitors in this remote and secret forest hut. Not knowing exactly how long he might have to wait, he decided to sit on the sofa. 
There was a dust-covered magazine on the sofa. Jack picked it up and flipped the pages. It seemed to be written in some unknown code scripts with a few diagrams of primitive chemistry equipment, dissected crows and cats, something similar to werewolves, photos of a few necklaces and rings, items of ladies makeup etc. Jack left the magazine aside and closed his eyes, hoping to doze off a bit.
“Have some drinks Sir!”
Jack turned around in alarm and saw a tray, hovering in the air at his shoulder height, with a glass on it. Nobody, but only two rubber hand gloves were holding the tray.
“No,thanks!” Jack refused politely in a trembling tone.
Instantly the tray started drifting away.
Jack waited patiently.
It must have been an hour, when he heard some strange whistling sound outside, which grew steadily louder. It appeared something was approaching fast. Before Jack could realize, a huge mortar came shooting through the huge chimney and landed softly on the wooden floor. Baba Yaga was sitting inside the flying mortar, holding a pestle.
The introduction was brief.
“I am ready to help you Jack. But I have one condition” Baba Yaga said while rubbing her hands on her thin bony legs and then leaning back on her cane chair. Jack noticed her gnarled, knobby toes and long dirty nails on her fingers. 
“I don’t offer help for free” Baba Yaga said, “I believe in give and take. Therefore, in return, you must help Ded Moroz-the rival of Santa Claus and our Russian gift distributor. You must raise an army of devilishly fanatical supporters for him”. 
“I hope you won’t be offended if I ask about the purpose….” Jack said “..I mean, what you might gain by supporting Ded Moroz?”
“I am not doing it for personal gain” Baba Yaga snapped “Our Russian culture is under threat from American Santa Claus. As a nationalist Russian, it is my duty to do whatever is possible to help poor Ded Moroz. Patriotism demands it”.
“But how do I gather an army of supporters to help Ded Moroz?”
“Hmm…” Baba Yaga said “Let me see what can be done”.
“Approach your boss, the Devil. Tell him, a Russian witch has offered to help him bring several dark forces under his flag, by offering important secrets. In return, he has to provide a truly devilish army”. She turned her face and muttered proudly “A Devilish army of supporters. That’s exactly what Ded Moroz needs to keep Santa Claus at bay!” 
“Excuse me” Jack stammered “but what if Devil asks something as guarantee that the promise will be met? He never trusts anybody blindly. He usually asks for something very valuable or someone very close as ransom”.
“That should be your headache” Baba Yaga said “Tell your boss, any cock and bull story. Persuade him by any means possible. Otherwise forget my help”.
“Please don't misunderstand me” Jack stammered again “Do you think it is an easy task to persuade the Devil, unless he is fully convinced that he will be the gainer in the bargain? You ask me to deal with someone who bargained my soul for one time drink!”
“I think your point is valid” Baba Yaga said, “Let me think over it”.
So that’s it! Jack thought. She must be having something else in her mind. I know such tricks! Asking for something utterly impossible at first, and then out of consideration asking a still difficult task, so that it seems so easy by comparison!
Baba Yaga closed her eyes, relaxed herself on the cane chair, and took a deep breath, pretending to think deeply.
Jack waited patiently.
Five minutes, ten minutes, and then fifteen minutes passed.
Jack started losing his patience, but dare not disturb Baba Yaga. He even started doubting if Baba Yaga might have already fallen asleep.
Twenty minutes, Thirty minutes...................... Jack was seriously considering leaving quietly and come some other day, when suddenly she snapped at Jack “so you have been posted in elf land! Isn’t it?”
“Of course I am! I have already told you”.
“There is one thing which can be done” Baba Yaga said with a cunning smile “You can liberate your own soul, and at the same time help Ded Moroz”. 
“And what's that?” Jack asked curiously.
“Well! I mean........... Oh it's nothing! Just forget it!” Baba Yaga hesitated, then relaxed back in the cane chair and closed her eyes.
“Oh please tell your plan” Jack pressed hard.
Baba Yaga kept her eyes closed, and several minutes passed in silence.
“Why don't you come some other time?” Baba Yaga said as if trying almost desperately to avoid the subject. But her voice didn’t seem convincing to Jack’s ears.
Now stop playing with me further Jack thought that’s enough.
“And you must have made some very close friends among the Elves by now” Baba Yaga said.
“Well, just friends” Jack said cautiously. He grew anxious as he tried to guess what was coming next.
Baba Yaga stared at Jack’s eyes piercingly and smiled.
Jack plucked his nails nervously, like chess player waiting for his opponent’s big move.
“It won’t be difficult for you to steal the ancient royal scepter of Elf land, once you find out its secret location” Baba Yaga said. “Obtain the scepter and hand it over to Devil. Then you shall regain your freedom, or at least regain dominance in your Halloween world. And I shall have the Devilish army for Ded Moroz”
“But why does Devil want the scepter so desperately?” Jack asked
“It’s just a fancy of Devil to add the scepter to his antique collections” Baba Yaga said “Like someone collecting stamps you know”.
Jack turned serious and remained silent for a long time. ‘Baba Yaga’ is eyeing a clean checkmate Jack thought. She shall have all she wants, leaving me in a mess.
“I don’t believe this” Jack said slowly “You are very confident that he will grant me my freedom and you your army.  This implies he wants the scepter very badly. There must be some grave reason. You must tell me”.
Baba Yaga grew very restless, her eyes scanning the corners of the room rapidly. She looked like a child caught stealing red-handed and desperately searching for some lie. Her body gesture clearly gave out that she tried hard to avoid the subject; this time for real.
Baba Yaga burst into peals of laughter, spitting saliva through gaps of her missing teeth. “You are quite clever, Jack” she said, coming clean. “Well, there is a rumor that the scepter is cursed.  Till it is falls in the hand of the prophesized ‘Blessed Elf Prince’, the true heir of the throne of Elf land, who shall have the blood of both dark and light elves, there shall be no peace in Elf land”.
The very next moment her attitude changed and she tried to cover up hastily “I think Devil believes this nonsense rumor, and dreams of ruling over Elf-land forever!”
“But what if it is true?”  Jack said.
“Nonsense!” Baba Yaga snapped, “I don't believe it myself. It is all nonsense. You shall see yourself”.
“But I must have a really strong reason for handing over the scepter to the Devil” Jack retorted, angry at being taken for a ride by Baba Yaga and using him as a pawn.
“What do you mean by really strong reason?” Baba Yaga’s temper started rising abruptly “Before approaching me, you should have known that I don't charge any fees for my advice. But, I place an assignment to whoever seeks my advice”.
“But how can I trade off with the fate of elf land for our personal gains?” Jack said, “My soul is protesting; I am in a great dilemma”.
“Let me warn you Jack!” Baba Yaga spoke in a serious and determined voice “before entering my cabin, you must have noticed that there are human skulls on all the poles on the fence, except one. That one is reserved for anyone who seeks my help and fails to complete my assignment!”
She remained silent for some time, and then spoke in a very serious tone “I am very sorry to say this. I really hate to tell you that I am promise bound not to spare you either. If you fail in this mission, I shall have to order my obedient servants to…by the way, you must have already noticed my invisible servants. They serve drinks on tray to guests and they serve severed heads of defaulters on tray to me. They can travel on the back of wind, and they have your smell. No hiding place is safe from their reach”.

Back to top

Chapter 20
Horns of Dilemma
Jack tossed in his bed, unable to sleep.
Baba Yaga might be right. My decision to flee might become my last decision Jack panicked I must decide fast. He pulled away his blanket and threw it away. He sat on his bed, trying to concentrate. He let out a deep sigh, and then getting out of his bed, he started strolling to and fro in his cavern room, occasionally punching his fist on his palm.
He went to the mirror, and staring at his own frowned face, he addressed “You must decide Jack. Scepter or skull?” and then absentmindedly turning away his face, he uttered to himself “Loyalty or death?” and fell silent.
He strolled for some more time, and then opened the door and walked along the dimly lit corridor. He knocked at the door of his adjacent room.
After some brief apologies, he said, “I must disclose my dilemma Barbarossa”.
Barbarossa was annoyed at being woken up at this late hour. “You seem very troubled ever since you have returned back to Iceland from Russia. But you have decided not to tell me anything” Barbarossa said in an irritated tone “so how can I help you, unless you disclose to me Jack? Want an elfish cigar?”
“No thanks, Barbarossa” Jack stared hard at him “You know very well, I don’t smoke”.
“A little smoking wouldn’t have killed you!” Barbarossa replied, as he pulled out a barrel-shaped greenish elf cigar, lighted it and gave one or two puffs.
“I wanted to discuss something urgent” Jack said.
“I am listening” Barbarossa replied. His eyes were closed and he was making smoke rings.
As Jack started narrating, Barbarossa’s sleepiness vanished and the size of the eyes showed that he was more than wide-awake.
When Jack finished, Barbarossa tossed his head “It’s a very deep dilemma Jack. Our Elf friends have put so much faith on us. Besides we are sworn to loyalty. On the other hand, it is unthinkable for me to lose you Jack”. 
Both of them sat in silence. Barbarossa hung his head down. Jack closed his eyes rubbing his fingers on his forehead.
“What if the scepter isn’t cursed?” There was a tone of hope and excitement in Barbarossa’s voice “What if it is just a rumor? Then we can trade off with some worthless junk with Devil”.
“And what if it’s true? Elves are our only real hope at this moment” Jack said.
* * *
It wasn’t difficult for a person like Jack, fully trained and armed with all the tricks of espionage, and having close contact with top rebel elves, to dig out the information that the scepter of elf land lies hidden in the ancient ‘temple of Freya’.
Jack also gathered the information that it was lying mostly unguarded, because nobody thought that the secret location is likely to be found out.
Jack had made a detailed and meticulous planning.
Once inside the temple of ‘Freya’, Jack pulled out a scepter from under his robe. Then Jack confided to Barbarossa “I have made this replica of the scepter from the drawings I obtained from an ancient text in the ‘royal Volundr library’. I deeply regret it…” Jack sighed and hung his head down in shame “………..we’ll have to replace it for our personal sake”.
Both of them remained silent for a long time. 
Barbarossa broke the silence “Why don’t we hand over this replica to Devil instead?”
“I wish I could” Jack sighed again “But remember; no elf would bother to verify all of a sudden whether the scepter lying in their temple for decades is still genuine. But the one I hand over to Devil will be under intense scrutiny from best experts”.
Both of them fell silent again.
As they lay hidden, waiting for the right moment to execute their plan, Jack whispered, “I wish all they say are really rumors”. Jack shook his head hopelessly and let out a sigh in deep disappointment.

Back to top

Chapter 21
The Christmas Parole
Three days later, Jack visited Pandemonium.
When Jack entered, Devil was watching puppet show. Two wooden soldiers riding wooden horses were thrusting their swords, dodging, charging and striking again, blocking the opponent’s strikes by their shields etc. One person pulling the strings from above the stage controlled every action.
Jack bowed and placed the scepter of Elf-land in front of Devil.
“This is the scepter which you always wished” Jack said.
At first Devil was speechless. Then he took the scepter in his hand and started inspecting it very minutely. 
Jack took a quick look around. Some dolls were hanging by their neck with thin strings. A few dolls were lying on the floor with the faces slashed and disfigured by something sharp. Some were lying with the limbs broken or with the neck wringed or beheaded. One doll had its head & belly punctured by a nail; its eyeballs scooped out, and looked particularly gruesome. The place was dark and bleak and had an eerie feeling. 
“The scepter of elf land?” Devil asked in disbelief.
“Yes!” Jack said, “If it pleases you, may I ask one favor, my Lord”.
“I am very pleased with what you have achieved” Devil spoke as he eyed the inscriptions written in old Elfish language on the scepter. He moved his fingers on it slowly to feel its fading texture.
He looked at Jack and said “Even before you ask your wish, I grant it”.
Jack was stunned. How did he know what I am going to ask? Is it selfish Baba Yaga’s deed? Has the news of the theft already spread in Elfland? These negative thoughts struck one after another like hammer in Jack’s mind.
“Will you grant my wish” Jack said.
“Yes” Devil replied, “Of course I will. I appoint you my representative of Elf land affairs. You shall have full discretionary powers to make treaties with Gryla, and deal with rebel Elves in any manner you please. Hang them, roast them or impale them to death; whatever you wish. And henceforth you’ll be my eyes on Elfland affairs”. 
Jack heaved a sigh of relief that it was only Devil’s guess after all. He bowed and replied “That’s very generous you. But that’s not what I wish to ask”
“What do you want?” Devil asked with a frown.
“I want my freedom”
“I see…” Devil said, turning serious “I am awfully sorry. But that is simply not possible! Ask something sensible”. All the excitement and joy faded from Devil’s face.
“In that case,” Jack said, “I want you to release a large number of your prisoners from prison camps, sinners and criminals of hell, and bonded mini-demonic slaves on parole”.
“Release them on parole!” Devil blurted, “You want me to free them only on condition of good behavior? To display my philanthropic and generous spirit, I suppose?!” Devil’s tone turned bitter and sarcastic.
“Well, there is another meaning of parole” Jack replied.  “It means releasing them on a special purpose-”
“I should have understood that this scepter comes with a string attached” Devil said harshly. “You didn’t take the pain of obtaining this scepter for prolonging my rule in Elfland. You were not serving my purpose…” Devil’s tone was mixed with irritation and hatred “now you have your own purpose, you ungrateful vermin!” Devil hissed with anger “Now spit out your venom, Jack. Let me know your special purpose”
“Well, I was discussing about parole, not about my personal purpose” Jack tried to clarify “I want to fulfill the wish of a Russian witch, for her role in obtaining this scepter. She wants to deploy these forces under Ded Moroz for maintaining a standing army against Santa Claus”.
“I see!” Devil muttered, “That’s interesting”. The excitement and joy started returning back on Devil’s face. 
Devil’s eyes glistened with joy, and his face brightened up with a cunning, malicious smile. “Wish granted!  You shall have your army, dear Jack! Not one, but two!” Devil said.
“Thank you my Lord” Jack said, “two strike & espionage units should be more than sufficient for Ded Moroz”.
“Wait Jack; let me finish. I have one condition…”
“I offer my units” Devil continued “on the condition that you shall deploy one unit for Moroz, and the other one for Santa as counterweight. They are already at each other’s throats. This will give both of them teeth and nails to tear each other apart”.
Jack was stunned for a few moments at this Devilish idea.
“But what if, the Russian witch ever comes to know of this double-crossing?” Jack asked.
“Till now, this little secret is only between us,” Devil said, “It is in your best interest to keep your mouth shut”. 
Devil watched the wooden toy soldiers being made to strike each other by the invisible operator. He placed his hand on Jack’s shoulder and whispered, “Let them strike each other incessantly, Jack. Let them destroy each other stealthily, and drain their coffers”. 
Devil held Jack’s palm quite unexpectedly, stunning Jack. Then he shook hand with Jack like an old friend, quite forgetting his own strict disapproval to Jack about shaking hands as equals.
When Christmas world falls like a house of cards, you shall rise, Jack. Halloween shall become the greatest Festival. And you shall become the greatest legendary figure. ”
Jack felt a strange sensation, like tingling down his spine-an outburst of excitement and ecstasy. He remembered the prophecy shake hand with the devil if necessary and you shall have unprecedented fame and glory. He felt that he was nearing the fulfillment of his ambitions.
“I will try my best to satisfy your desire of seeing them fight bitterly” Jack replied. He was shocked at his own Devilish reply and at the selfish thoughts going inside his head at this very moment.
Devil fondled his own thick beard and said, “I am letting a large number of my sinners of hell, and mini-demons on parole only for initial deployment. You must augment them by including vampires, and zombies and witches”
“I’ll raise more dark, forces from my Halloween world” Jack said “but, I have one condition too!”
Jack’s heart started beating more frequently. What are you doing Jack? Don’t take another step towards the cliff end someone from deep within his heart whispered in his mind. 
Don’t listen to that moron, Jack; another voice spoke instantly Strike while the iron is hot. Or else, you will regret it all your cowardly life.
“I was expecting some condition” Devil said with a dry smile “Speak up your mind Jack!”
Jack was still tossing indecisively over arguments and counter-arguments. You have already taken several bold steps Jack the same voice again, now don’t retrace your steps. Jack’s heart was now thumping hard. He was struggling with his own inner self.
Still getting no reply form Jack, Devil grew impatient with each passing moment. Unable to bear any longer, he snapped, “Now let me hear your tough condition”.
Go; grab your chance, Jack the voice urged put up your demand Jack. Either now or never!
“Both the units shall be under my direct command” Jack demanded.
Devil remained silent, increasing Jack’s anxiety tenfold. All Jack wanted now was some quick response from Devil-whatever it was. But a hanging decision was unbearable.
Rather than offering relief to Jack, Devil asked “Would you like some coffee?”
“No thanks” Jack said as politely as he possibly could “I would rather like to hear your reply”.
“Being too ambitious, eh? Can you yank the strings as skillfully as that man?” Devil raised the question thoughtfully and pointed above the puppet-show stage. Devil smiled and said, “It pleases my heart so much to watch the wooden soldiers striking each other”.
Devil continued in a confessional tone “I had always wanted to see you in that position, which you desire to occupy Jack. So be it! My generosity has no bounds. Take control of the helm. Play your cards well”.
Devil took out a withered, rolled parchment from his jacket and displayed it to Jack. “Your soul belongs to me. You shall have to report to me. There can be no question about who the real boss is!” Devil said with a malicious grin and tucked the parchment back in his jacket.
Jack didn’t seem to mind Devil’s trick. He was rather excited that he was getting much more than he had expected from the bargain. I have crossed one major milestone towards my goal Jack thought.
“How soon can I have those armies?” Jack asked, trying his best to suppress his excitement.
“Well, let’s see…” Devil said pondering “…since Christmas is around, won’t it be a nice joke to release them on parole on Christmas, to shake the Christmas world?” 
Devil picked up a whip and scratched his own neck with its handle. Jack recognized at once that it was the same black and red whip, with which he had mercilessly tortured his own favorite horse. And then he let his henchmen leave the indelible scars on Jack’s back. Within moments, Jack’s excitement subdued, and he felt a violent outburst of revenge.
When Jack left, Devil started watching the puppet show again, giggling and laughing like a child.
* * *
“Let me get this straight”, Barbarossa said to Jack “You don’t mind deploying dark creatures and Devilish forces in the Christmas world?”
“There was a time when I believed that Christmas was all about ‘Christmas trees’ and colorfully wrapped ‘gift packages’. But now………….” Jack left his words trailing “Isn’t there a dark side to Christmas already? What about notorious Krampus, who kidnaps and feeds on the flesh of children, and also practices dark rituals? What about Yule Lads and their cannibal mother Gryla?”
“These are just a few exceptions,” Barbarossa said.
“Is it?” Jack snapped “Then what about the past history of Russian ‘Father Christmas’ aka Ded Moroz, when as a cruel sorcerer he froze people to a slow, painful and cruel death? I have managed to sneak into Krampus’s office and see some of his horrible deeds in the past from old records and documents. And, what about Italy’s Christmas gift distributor, La Befana’s secret, and dual life? On one hand, she claims herself as ‘the mother of all children of Italy’, and on the other, she is also associated with dark magic and witchcraft? They all belong to the Christmas world”.
“Good Heavens!” Barbarossa said, “You are introducing so many characters, that I am unable to keep track of them”.
“You don’t have to remember any of them” Jack said angrily “I am telling all these, merely to change your opinion of the Christmas world”
“Well, you see-“Barbarossa stammered.
“Wait! Wait!” Jack said impatiently “And what about the dark companions of Saint Nicholas? And what do you say about French Christmas figure, ‘Monsieur Pere Noel’ and his servant ‘Le Fouettard’?”
“Who’s this ‘Pere Noel’ and ‘Fouettard’?” Barbarossa asked.
“Don’t you really know?” Jack asked in deep irritation “or pretending not to know! I deeply suspect that you are behaving like an ostrich by burying your head in the sand and simply closing your eyes to the dirty reality”.
“Let’s assume that I really don’t know” Barbarossa replied in an equally irritated tone. 
Jack stared hard at Barbarossa and said “I believe you really don’t know about him. ‘Le Père Fouettard’ carries a whip, flogs children and distributes lumps of coal! No doubt, people love to call him ‘Whipping Father’ or ‘Father Flog’! What a sadistic way to derive pleasure by torturing children!” Jack paused for a breath “Even his appearance is loathsome-he is draped in rusty chains, dressed in dark robes and keeping unkempt beard!”
“I know much about his past” Jack continued “Le Fouettard was a murderer, who set up an inn along the road to a religious boarding school. He used to lure wealthy children on their way to the boarding school. Then he, along with his wife, drugged them, robbed them, slit their throats, cut them into pieces and stored them in his barrel for selling as mutton later!”
“Now tell me frankly,” Jack said, “what is your opinion about him and his master Pere Noel, who forced him to become his slave, by blackmailing him, for serving his sinister purpose?”
Both of them fell silent. The silence seemed even tenser than Jack’s angry outburst.
“Are you not becoming the same as Devil yourself?” Barbarossa said.
“Now stop pinching me to the point of hurting” Jack reacted harshly.
“I didn’t mean to hurt your feelings” Barbarossa said “I only wanted to ask, what difference shall remain between you and Devil, whom you hate so much?”
Jack calmed down and breathed a deep sigh. “Both of us want to dominate Christmas & Halloween worlds; so our goals are the same” Jack said “But our purposes are different. Devil is hungry for power. He wants to dominate everyone; keep them under his boots. Whereas, I want to thwart Devil’s purpose; to prove my true worth! And besides-“
Jack paused and took out a pocket mirror and looked at it. “I often ask myself ‘Am I good? Or am I bad?’ But that’s quite irrelevant question” Jack said “What really matters is whether I shall find my proper place among the motley of good and bad people, who change like chameleon between good and evil? Bottom-line is: Am I going to succeed or am I going to fail?”
“I am so sorry Jack” the irony in Barbarossa’s voice was hard to ignore “it was so wicked of me to think that you had a personal motivation”. Barbarossa’s comment sounded of accusation, and it seemed that he was not convinced by Jack’s justifications. 
“Maybe you are partly true” Jack sighed, “Though I couldn’t say it before, I secretly desire to become the greatest legendary figure”.
“Since Halloween creatures regard you as their spiritual leader, you have a rightful claim to the crown of Halloween world”, Barbarossa said, “But why do you eye ‘Christmas world’ as well?”
“Say ‘Dark Christmas world’, my friend” Jack corrected him, “Because it is the cash-cow; the creamy layer; the most lucrative world. Their coffers are so overflowing that liquid cash flow like torrential stream there. Devil is well aware of this fact; if we fail to grab it then Devil will”.
“We need lots of money to raise our own Halloween army” Jack continued “Besides, there is so much darkness in both the worlds that it is futile to distinguish them as black and white worlds. Rather think of them as tangled worlds, both with different shades of gray”.
“Is there no way to raise our Halloween army without coveting Christmas wealth?” Barbarossa said.
“There was a time when millions of dark creatures would have volunteered their service on my mere wish” Jack lamented “But by constant propaganda and fear tactics, Devil has distanced many volunteers. Which leaves mostly mercenaries” Jack sighed “what else apart from wealth, will mercenary dark creatures enlist for?” Jack said.
“Doesn’t your conscience protest?” Barbarossa asked.
“Come on! There is a bright side too” Jack said “Many sinners of hell and prisoners from Devil’s labor camps will get partial freedom by this parole. I have seen their miserable condition while I was lodged in prison camp for three days during training period”.
Barbarossa remained silent. His eyes and his look on his face indicated that he deeply resented sinners and criminals breaking loose and roaming free on parole.
Jack stared hard at Barbarossa and asked, “Have you ever seen a small child, starving after a full day’s hard labor, being flogged mercilessly for rushing to the food counter? That happened in Devil’s labor camp run by Krampus” Jack said “And by the way, ‘Fouettard’ and ‘Pere Noel’ and Krampus are all renowned and beloved Christmas figures,” Jack added sarcastically.

Back to top

Chapter 22
Appointment of Koschei and Belsnickel
Jack heeded Devil’s advice about secrecy. He was smart enough not to utter a word about raising a similar strike & espionage unit for Santa Claus, when he met the sly Russian witch Baba Yaga.
“Are you absolutely sure, you want Koschei to manage the army for Ded Moroz?” Jack said to Baba Yaga, “My first impression about Koschei was very depressing. Frankly speaking, he is an evil looking, senile person, half naked in his loincloth. His very looks repulsed me: skeletal appearance, ugly face and long white beard and hairs”.
“Hah! What do you know about him?” Baba Yaga reacted sharply “he is a tough Russian guy of Cossack and Georgian origin, who can’t be killed by any conventional method. Evil, yes, but perfectly suitable! You can’t field an honest milksop against ruthless Santa Claus! A unit of Devilish army, with Koschei as its head-what else does Ded Moroz need?”
Baba Yaga’s choice was absolutely clear. That settled the matter.
“Well then, I’ll appoint him” Jack said in a resigned tone.
What remained for Jack to decide was who should head the Devilish army for Santa Claus.
After several days of brainstorming over appointing a suitable candidate for heading the Devilish army for Santa, Jack’s choice narrowed down between Belsnickel and Ruprecht. 
Santa Claus had brought up ‘Knecht Ruprecht’ from a farm boy. By his sheer merit, Ruprecht had risen up the ladders of success to become the supervisor, then manager of the secret ‘polar factory’and then chief secretary-cum-manager of entire empire of Santa. Ruprecht definitely was very close to Santa, enjoyed his confidence, and was even a future candidate for Director of Board of Trustees for the proposed ‘Santa & Mary Claus Memorial Trust’. But there were other things to consider. Most important of them being, to whose side Ruprecht’s true loyalty shall tilt: towards Jack, or towards Santa Claus?
Belsnickel was Pennsylvanian Dutch, who had migrated to America from Saarland region of Rhine valley in Germany. He spoke in fluent American accent. He had an inborn ability to convince people, like a talented salesman. He could pinpoint anybody’s weakness in a moment and capture his or her heart. Surely he will be able to convince Mr. Santa Jack concluded. Besides, he is noted for his secrecy in his personal life-a suitable candidate for heading a secret Devilish army.
It was a tough decision for Jack; one that could make or wreck his career and his plans.
Finally, Jack decided that Belsnickel was the right person for the job. 
* * *
Two days later, Belsnickel met Mr. Santa Claus, with a firm goal in his mind to deploy the Devilish army under Santa Claus, secretly, and at Mr. Santa’s expense.
Belsnickel introduced himself. “Sir, I am a great fan of yours.  I am such a devoted admirer of yours, that people have nicknamed me as ‘Fur Clad Santa’. At present, I am writing a biography about you. You see…I forgot to mention that I do a little bit of writings sometimes…as a hobby”. Belsnickel blushed. “I wish to have a few interviews with you, occasionally, for the biography”.
After exchanging pleasantries, Belsnickel spoke in a nostalgic tone “I remember the good old days, when as a youth, I migrated to this new continent from Europe. That was soon after the Pilgrim Fathers had set foot here. I loved this new land: A land of abundance and promise of greener pasture”.
Those magical opening words seemed to create resonance in Mr. Santa’s heart. Quite visibly, he became excited and nostalgic too. 
Santa Claus closed his eyes, took a deep breath and spoke in a rather shrill voice “I had also migrated roughly at the same time, and landed in the Dutch colony of New Amsterdam. I remember all those things as if it happened yesterday. Indeed it was a dreamland of opportunities; a land of milk and honey, lavishness and luxury. Look, how plump and fat bellied I have become! I wish, my cousin Sinterklaas had agreed to come here too!”
Belsnickel began his interview.
“How does it feel like, entering through chimneys secretly, at the dead of the night? And…” Belsnickel lowered his tone “Did you ever get the opportunity of sleeping with another lady, during your nocturnal campaigns?”
“What sort of question is this?” Santa shot back, blushed, and tried to display his anger.
“Oops! Sorry” Belsnickel replied “But it’s the sort of things people desire to see in a biography”
Santa Claus frowned, cleared his throat, ignored Belsnickel’s justification and picked up his earlier thread “I enjoyed the local customs and traditions and soon shred my bishop’s robes and green coat in favor of trousers, red coat, black leather belts and boots”.
Belsnickel was hardly paying any attention to Santa’s words, as he scribbled in his diary. His eyes were dancing around, searching for something, making minute observation of small details around.
Belsnickel took out a pen and diary and scribbled something. Then he asked, “How did you become so popular?”
“I didn’t become so popular till lately” Santa said “I picked up a number of good friends and fans-Thomas Nast and Clement Moore among others. I was lucky enough to get constant, prime time advertisements, by Coca Cola Company and White Rock Beverages Company. They soon made me popular through films and songs, radio and television, and the NORAD tracker. Even in my wildest dreams, I couldn’t imagine at that time that I shall become so popular!”
Mrs. Santa Claus entered the room, carrying a large porcelain tray with three cups of coffee, cream cracker biscuits, Eccles and Bakewell tart cakes and pastries. “I have baked these cakes and pastries myself” she announced proudly and placed the tray on the table. Then she addressed her husband with a smile "Oh honey! You have told these stories dozens of times".
She addressed Belsnickel "I'm afraid you might be getting bored” she continued with an apologetic tone “Whenever he gets a chance, he catches hold of one of his guest and start narrating those things like a parrot".
"But I find all these really interesting!" Belsnickel remarked at once.
On hearing this, Mr. Santa Claus looked grateful. 
Belsnickel glanced at him with contempt, as if saying ‘great fool’!
Belsnickel observed Mrs. Santa minutely. She hadn’t forgotten to apply lipstick even at her age. Besides, her shoes and expensive gown, and even her hair-pin were of matching colors!
Next instant, Belsnickel’s and Mrs. Santa’s eyes met. Belsnickel changed the expression on his face from contempt to an admiring one in an instant. “What a lovely, gorgeous dress!” Belsnickel said “Finest satin, I suppose?”
Mrs. Santa looked impressed, almost magically, while Mr. Santa Claus looked embarrassed.
Turning to Mr. Santa Claus, Belsnickel commented, “I heard that you were planning to form a ‘Santa and Mary Claus Memorial Trust’?”
Mr. Santa Claus fell silent, while Mrs. Santa burst out with excitement “I have urged him so many times to hasten up the process, but he won’t listen”. Getting no response from her husband, she picked up a hand mirror and looking at it, she started combing her hair, grumpily. 
All of a sudden, she decided that the comb was not a suitable tool for adjusting her hair, but might be used as a slingshot. She hurled her heavy comb at Mr. Santa, narrowly missing his forehead.
Mr. Santa Claus grinded his teeth, frowned hard, and gestured at the plate. Belsnickel obliged by picking up a cake and nibbling silently. Mr. Santa fell silent too. Both seemed to be searching for some suitable topic for restarting their conversation, without risking providing fuel to Mrs. Santa’s fiery anger; some ice-cold topic perhaps.
“During summer, I visited the North Pole for safer ice-skiing” Mr. Santa narrated his icy-cool experience “the floating ice sheets are thicker there and don’t break easily” Mr. Santa finally broke the ice after the eerie silence “it was there that I met the ‘shaman Eskimos’ and saw their igloos and magical flying reindeers, and the snow elves from Greenland and Iceland”
Mr. Santa sipped at his coffee and resumed “I decided to set up a workshop near the North Pole and-” Mr. Santa almost jumped up at the crashing noise and his wife’s shriek. 
Belsnickel looked at the shattered glass pieces on the floor, and watched Mrs. Santa wailing and screaming “Oh my God! The mirror slipped from my hand. It means seven years of bad luck! Oh my-”
Mr. Santa tried to calm her “All nonsense! It was an accident-that’s all! Now don’t be superstitious!”
Mrs. Santa started wailing with double intensity "Our house must be under the influence of some evil spirit. Day before yesterday, a black cat crossed my path. And on top of that, now... oh my God! I am sure something terrible is going to happen.”
Mr. Santa saw the suppressed smile on Belsnickel’s face. Growing red on the face, Mr. Santa scolded his wife “Now don’t make a scene in front of our guest. For heaven’s sake!”
“Me making a scene?!” she turned at stunned Belsnickel and screamed “Did you hear that?!” The decibel in her voice started rising further “I have been listening to all those nonsense bullshits, and his senile whining, keeping my mouth tight shut. All these long years, I have remained quiet as a lamb and dumb as a doornail. Now he is blaming me of making a scene!”
“Dumb as a doornail?!” Mr. Santa somehow managed to control his temper and speak with a mocking tone “Oh, how I wish I had been as deaf as the head of the complaint department”.
“Listen! Listen!” she screamed at paralyzed Belsnickel “I suppose you support his justification that Christmas gifts must be delivered at the dead of the night! Am I a fool that I can’t guess his real intention of leaving his most beautiful wife at night?” she started shedding big drops of tears “You hungry males are all the same. You feel proud of making a fool of your wives and to sacrilege the sacred marriage vow!”
“Marriage vow! Wow!!” Mr. Santa Claus burst out “and how about secretly paying a visit to Sinterklaas? And what about winking and trying to attract Ded Moroz at the party, while you are still married to me?”
“You distrust your own noble cousin Sinterklaas!” Mrs. Santa thumped her high-heeled shoes screamed “And how dare you insult me in front of our guest?”
Mr. Santa’s effort to calm her down went in vain.
Belsnickel saw drops of sweat appearing on Mr. Santa’s forehead. Mr. Santa took out a pillbox and swallowed a tablet. 
Sensing more trouble, Belsnickel said politely "I shall visit again some other day and shall be glad to listen to the rest of the story" and bade them farewell hurriedly.
On reaching his office, Belsnickel took out another diary from the drawer and started noting down:
1) Mr. Santa Claus is a nostalgic old man who gets carried away too soon. I suspect, he might be a heart patient.
2) Mrs. Santa is extravagantly stylish and superstitious lady.
3) Mr. Santa loves Mrs. Santa too dearly despite all henpecking. He might do anything for her.
4) And what’s all this stuff about Mrs. Santa visiting Sinterklaas without informing her husband? I must find about this unsettled issue and about Moroz’s past affair with Mrs. Santa.
* * *
Belsnickel was determined to complete his assigned task of deploying the Devilish unit under Mr. Santa Claus, without Mr. Santa’s detailed knowledge, and at Santa’s expense.
After several friendly visits to Mr. Santa Claus, several provocative interviews, and successful attempts to impress Mrs. Santa, Mr. Belsnickel sensed opportunity.
On that particular occasion, Belsnickel found Mr. Santa looking very restless. Mr. Santa was repeatedly wiping the sweat drops on his forehead and examining the pulse on his wrist every now and then.
In presence of Mrs. Santa, Belsnickel said to Mr. Santa “I am aware of the great load in your mind. I have come up with a proposal to reduce your mental burden”.
“What’s that?” Santa Claus blurted.
Taking cue from the wrinkles on Mr. Santa’s forehead and the shadows of worry on Santa’s face, Belsnickel decided to go for a direct strike. “Frequent strikes among your worker elves, repeated closure of your workshops and your mounting problems are not chance incidents” Belsnickel said “But they are all generated by your Russian arch-rival Ded Moroz as a part of well calculated, cold-blooded, nefarious tactic”.
Mr. Santa gave a serious look. “What is your suggestion?” Mr. Santa said with a tone, which clearly revealed that Belsnickel has stirred up his hidden fears, or at least correctly diagnosed Santa’s mental burden.
Belsnickel evaded a direct reply, but chose to elaborate “In fact Ded Moroz plans to throw you out of business and snatch away your crown of the Christmas world”.
“If you can’t offer a solution” Mr. Santa said “Then don’t point at the tip of my heap of problems”.
“Form a ‘Santa & Mary Claus Memorial’ charity trust, having a counter-strike arm as well” Belsnickel said, “It will serve triple objectives”.
“Which three problems will it solve?” Santa said.
“Firstly, it will look after your business of gift distributions and Christmas donations, which madam earnestly desires” Belsnickel said “secondly, it’ll manage your immense wealth and maintain your grip over the Christmas empire”.
Belsnickel paused to assess the impact and continued “and thirdly, it will actively resist the malicious activities of Ded Moroz, which is of utmost importance under the present circumstances”.
“How will a charity trust help me maintain my grip over Christmas world and resist Ded Moroz’s nefarious activities?” Santa asked doubtfully.
“As I already mentioned” Belsnickel offered his valuable advice ‘for this you’ll need intelligence & espionage unit under the banner of your charity trust”. He added hastily “A good person needs to be a strong person, and act evil sometimes, to ward off evil persons and continue his good deeds”.
Mr. Santa Claus didn’t say anything, but was holding his chest, and looked confused and dizzy like a heart patient experiencing a sudden rise in blood pressure.
“Don’t you think it will be a wise move to transfer a part of your wealth in the name of a charity trust” Belsnickel said “before the question of how you accumulated such unaccountably vast wealth starts picking up steam?”
“Oh my God!” Santa Claus blurted in an alarmed tone. Avoiding eye-to-eye contact with Belsnickel, Santa turned to his wife. “Don’t worry darling” Mr. Santa said to his wife, as if it was her fears which he was trying to dismiss “I have spent so much on Christmas gift distributions” Santa Claus continued “that all those details are thing of the past”. Mr. Santa’s voice trembled, and his tone suggested that his mouth was drying up. “Those details are deep buried” Santa said, turned back to Belsnickel, and still avoiding eye contact; he asked “Don’t you think so Belsnickel?” 
“I am afraid, those dark secrets will arise from the grave to spook you sooner or later” Belsnickel replied bluntly “Sooner, I should say, rather than later”.
“Easy money don’t last” Mrs. Santa said harshly to her deeply worried husband “this may be your last chance. Follow Belsnickel’s advices or else watch your fame and your wealth flowing in the sewage drain”.
Belsnickel seized the opportunity and addressed Mrs. Santa “I had heard praises of your wisdom. Now I see for myself, you are wise as King Solomon”. He held Mrs. Santa’s palm. Pointing to the ‘heart line’, Belsnickel said “There it is-the Solomon’s line. It is the longest & most distinct I have ever seen, or I am ever likely to see”.
Belsnickel turned blind to gasping Mr. Santa, and focused on extracting favor from Mrs. Santa “Though it is none of my business, nor I have any interest to from such a needful organization, something inside me is forcing me to offer my help to the most beautiful lady” he held Mrs. Santa’s palm, and kissed her fingers “I wished to help you build this proposed trust, but I am a poor man. I shall succeed only if your husband provides me with immense funds”.
Noting Mrs. Santa’s momentary hesitation, Belsnickel said, “Don’t you agree to my suggestions, or don’t you trust me Madam? But remember: I can ensure that your name is inscribed on stone and forever remain associated with ‘Mary Claus Memorial’ charity trust”.
In his enthusiastic attempt to convince Mrs. Santa, Belsnickel forgot to include her husband’s name with the proposed memorial trust. This omission seemed to excite Mrs. Santa’s interest more intensely.
Mrs. Santa jumped at her heels, while Mr. Santa desperately tried to evade. “Dear Honey, why do you hesitate?” she said, and nudged Mr. Santa in his fat belly.
She spoke with a honey-coated tone “Remember, you promised last year to invest most of our savings for the benefit of children worldwide. You confided to me of your grand vision of a ‘Children’s Global Organization’. Belsnickel must have been sent by the heavens to make our dreams true”.
“Can’t we talk about it later?” Mr. Santa said.
“Even after I convinced you so many times in the last few days, you still hesitate?” Mrs. Santa snapped furiously. She stepped forward and twisted Mr. Santa’s nipples really hard. Mr. Santa screamed in agony.
Mr. Santa appeared to have slipped into a very embarrassing and uncomfortable situation. He spoke rather evasively “Oh darling! How can I provide so much money?”
“Why don’t you cancel your plans to set up a global chain of lavish theme parks?” Mrs. Santa suggested and stepped with her heel-shoe on Mr. Santa’s toe, to add some required weight to her suggestion “besides, you don’t hesitate to spend billions every year, when it comes to distributing Christmas gifts and on donations”.
“You mean…” Mr. Santa Claus fumbled guiltily for some suitable excuse, looking at the floor, not daring to look directly at his wife’s frowning face. 
“Now stop fumbling!” she said furiously and pinched hard on her husband’s hand.
Mr. Santa jerked his hand in pain and looked helplessly at Belsnickel’s face for support.
“She is very reasonable” Belsnickel said, grasping the opportunity “I know that canceling your crazy, extravagant plans to set up a chain of theme parks will disappoint you” Belsnickel said with a consoling tone, but his body gestures suggested otherwise. “Also, you must be upset to cut back on your mindless spending on Christmas. But think logically. Presently, it is much more important to set up a powerful organization, having tooth & nails for resisting Ded Moroz’s ruthless expansions”.
“We are getting too old” Mrs. Santa supported Belsnickel’s point “We shall remain memorable forever by setting up an organization devoted to the cause of children worldwide”.
Santa stammered, “You are right sweetheart, but…I mean…just consider…” he was almost on the verge of breaking down in a sob.
Mrs. Santa spoke furiously “Okay, Okay! If you can’t provide funds, just be frank and refuse it. You have been postponing it indefinitely, and I don’t want to hear further lame excuses. I shall write to your cousin Sinterklaas for donating money generously for this noble cause. After all, he is immensely rich and is so generous”. Mrs. Santa’s voice dropped down to a nostalgic one in an instant, and she added playfully “Now I remember; he had invited me last month to spend the summer in his lavish mansion”.
This remark seemed to strike right at Santa’s heart “What! You will beg for money from my cousin while I am still alive?” Mr. Santa snapped “Oh! What a shame! All right! All right! I shall set up this children’s organization” he said in a resigned tone. 
Mr. Belsnickel stepped forward, thanked Santa and hugged him tightly. Mr. Santa almost struggled to break free. Belsnickel kissed him on his cheek, on his forehead, and on his white beard.
Mrs. Santa Claus watched her husband struggling to free himself, and smiled humorously. 
Belsnickel said “I want you to exempt me from disclosing the names, or tasks assigned, or amount of salary drawn by any employee in this organization. You shall never question me about the number of personnel, or their background, or how your funds have been spent”.
Mr. Santa Claus was holding his chest and was very restless, as if signaling a second heart stroke. He groped wildly in his robe pocket, where he kept his pill box. Finding nothing, he groped in his other pocket and pulled out a Havana cigar. He threw it on the floor in disgust. 
Mrs. Santa eyed the cigar with hateful eyes.
“Besides…” Belsnickel continued “…I shall have unlimited power to appoint any person in this organization, or to carry out any sort of activities”.
Mr. Santa Claus reached for a glass of water placed on the table, and drank it hurriedly without paying much attention to Belsnickel.
“I want all the activities of this organization to remain completely secret” Belsnickel demanded, “People won’t even know that I am the Director of this organization. They shall simply know me as Santa’s helper”.
This demand drew Mr. Santa’s attention and he asked in a shocked tone “Why is it so?”
Mr. Belsnickel did not answer Mr. Santa, but addressed Mrs. Santa (evidently he had already realized who the real boss is) “Madam, just think what a greatness it is, to serve for the cause of needy children and orphans in absolute secrecy. It is selfishness to expect acknowledgement in return for good deeds”.
Belsnickel turned emotional. He wiped his eyes and said in a chocking tone “serve in such a manner that even your left hand shall never find out what your right hand is doing. This is my firm belief and working principle”.
Tears rolled out of Mrs. Santa’s eyes on hearing such saintly thoughts. It seemed clear, that she had at last found the right person, whom she can trust blindly for fulfilling her dreams of setting up ‘Santa and Mary Claus Memorial Trust’.
Mr. Belsnickel took out a piece of bond paper and said to Mr. Santa Claus “Now sign on this agreement please”.
Mr. Santa objected feebly, but immediately Mrs. Santa spoke rather bitterly “If you don’t sign it, I shall fast until death in protest”.
Mr. Santa Claus felt breathlessness, rapid sweating and throbbing heartbeat. He wiped the sweat from his forehead, and felt that his vision was becoming blurred. He felt uneasy and weak, and experienced a second heart stroke. He almost collapsed into his armchair, and without speaking of the discomfort he felt, he almost snatched the paper from Mr. Belsnickel.
Mr. Santa gave a deep sigh, signed it hurriedly without even glancing at it. Handing it over to Mr. Belsnickel, he asked in a faint tone “What shall be the name of this organization?”
“Children’s International Association” Belsnickel replied “in short, I have nicknamed it as ‘Corporation’ ”
* * *
Meanwhile, in Russia,the task of deploying Devilish unit under Ded Moroz was proceeding differently. Ded Moroz received yet another letter from Koschei, the immortal. On the envelope was stamped ‘Confidential’.  This time the tone of the letter was quite different.
Dear Ded Moroz,
I was deeply hurt that you turned down my request for setting up a ‘children’s organization’ to counter ‘American’ Santa Claus. 
I did not ask for manpower: I have plenty of trusted men for deployment. All I asked was monetary support. You must bear the expenses of bearing a standing army of your fanatical supporters against ‘capitalist’ Santa. I need your approval to carry out necessary patriotic activities in your name.
I know lots of dark secrets about you and about your past. You were a cruel sorcerer who turned innocent people into ice. You kidnapped young children and demanded ransoms. I am ready to leak out the secrets, if you don’t oblige to my request.
But I am hopeful of a positive reply. I have even thought of a vague name for the proposed children’s organization. It shall be named ‘Koschei’s General Body’.
[P.S. I hope you shall not dare to anger my guardian and supporter Baga Yaga, and risk dire consequences]
Sincerely,
Koschei Bay-re’ah.

Back to top

Chapter 23
Operation ‘La Befana’
Jack had sworn to use all possible means to rise in power curve and extend his influence much beyond that of a ‘spiritual leader’ of Halloween world. Jack’s immediate goal was to influence the witches worldwide and win their support. And for that purpose, he had spotted out ‘La Befana’, the secretary of the Christmas witches, as his easiest target.
Jack demanded to meet Belsnickel soon after Belsnickel had succeeded in deploying Jack’s Devilish forces under Santa Claus, as per Jack’s plan.
Belsnickel reported to Jack in the newly furnished egg-shaped office room. The room was a model of modern architecture-with abstract modern paintings on the walls, conch shaped flower vases and an oval table with S-shaped legs. Seen from outside, the building looked like a huge, ellipsoidal shining pearl, floating on a pool of lotuses.
“I shall keep my promise and appoint you the head of Mr. Santa’s intelligence unit” Jack said with a smile “Congratulations on your appointment, Belsnickel”.
“Thank you Sir” Belsnickel said as he occupied his seat.
“Should we get down to business now?”
“Sure, sir” Belsnickel replied.
On Jack’s demand, Belsnickel took an oath of office.
“You are sworn to secrecy” Jack said “Always keep that in mind”.
“Of course Sir!”
“Good. As a first task, I assign you the task of toppling La Befana, the influential witch and Christmas gift distributor of Italy. Capture her, and bring her to me, alive. Do you understand? I want her alive. And no harm should befall her. Is that absolutely clear?”
“Yes Sir” Belsnickel replied.
“Very good” Jack said and pulled a file from his drawer. He handed it to Belsnickel “You will find additional information in this-“
Belsnickel opened the cover. “Befana’s photograph…that’ll be useful!” He flipped a few pages and muttered “…. preferred mode of transport: broomstick…Attire: mostly emerald green cloak and black shawl….” He flipped a few more pages “…. main competitor: Babbo Natale, the official gift distributor of Italy…Hmmm………..marital status, Hmmm……….children: One. Dead…. I am sorry…and then…Wow! That’s a whole lot of information…our operation will be a blaze”. Belsnickel closed the file quickly.
Jack smiled and gave thumbs up signal “Best of luck………….and I repeat. Carry out the covert operation with full attention to Befana’s safety and honor”.
* * *
Daylight was fading, when a team of witch-hunters, armed with broomsticks and witch sprays, gathered secretly in front of Befana’s residence in the district of ‘La Pesaro e Urbino’ in Italy. 
The leader of the group whispered, “It’s almost time for La Befana to come out. Now take your positions!” Instantly the group split into two, one proceeding towards the gate, and the other started encircling the residence.
A few moments later, the door of La Befana’s residence flung open, and one witch riding on her flying broomstick shot out of the door like a bullet, and soared up rapidly in the air. She was followed rapidly by another witch, and then another, then another and yet another. Immediately, the waiting team members leapt off the ground on their broomsticks, and charged at the witches.
The team leader was still rooted on the ground at his spot along with his two accomplices. He placed his binocular to his eyes and tried to focus his attention on the chase.
“Hell!” he cursed and removed his binocular. Then he clenched his fist tightly and punching his other fist, he growled, “We have been cheated. Our men are after the wrong persons!”
He stood there wondering what to do next, when he saw three witches emerging up through the chimney, riding their broomsticks. He watched them through his binocular, and snapped excitedly “It’s them! We must get them”.
He threw the binocular on the ground and ordered “We must not miss them under any circumstance. I don’t want to hear any excuses! And remember, we must get them alive. I repeat… I have strict orders to get Befana alive! Fire you bolts only in dire emergency, not otherwise. That’s my orders!”
He picked his broomstick from the ground, and tucked his wand in his cloak. Then raising his broomstick, he ordered, “Come on guys! Let’s get them”.
The three of them charged at La Befana and her two companions like an eagle pouncing on its prey. La Befana and her companion dodged sideward, then flew like a cork out of a bottle of Champagne, swooped and dived like a hawk, and then they zoomed in and out, forming knitting like pattern. Then they split apart, formed two large horizontal circles and one vertical one and met again at almost the same spot for an instant. 
The chasers started encircling them, when Befana’s group decided to counterattack. 
A game of chasing and encircling followed, each group trying to outmaneuver the other one and gain strategic advantage. 
They were at each other’s trails at dizzying pace, climbing thousands of feet up and again almost grazing the ground within seconds. 
All of a sudden, one of Befana’s companions swung her wand and fired one bolt at one witch-hunting team member.
The leader of the witch-hunt group held out his white handkerchief and waved peace signal desperately. But that witch ignored it completely and fired her shot again; this time the fiery arrow shaped bolt grazed over a team member’s shoulder, wounding him and setting his cloak on fire. He controlled his broomstick somehow, almost dropped down, and rolled on the ground, trying to put out the fire.
His team-member shot back a lightning shaped, sparking electric bolt from his wand. The witch dodged and the bolt missed her, and hit La Befana’s left rib.
La Befana started spiraling down and down, like an eagle whose one wing has been clipped. Sensing danger, one of La Befana’s companions surrendered, and the other escaped.
La Befana fell on the ground unconscious. 
The leader of the witch-hunt group and his unhurt companion rushed towards her. The leader was just about to touch her, when his companion pulled out the ‘witch spray’ can and sprayed on Befana’s face.
“You fool! What are you doing?” The leader shouted and slapped his companion’s face in a fit of rage, “Can’t you see she has fallen?”
Then he bent down and held Befana’s wrist between his fingers. 
Her breathing was erratic and her pulse was irregular. 
“The mission seems to have failed utterly!” the leader said with a horror-stricken voice.
He put his hand on his forehead, sighed in extreme despair and lamented “Oh my God! What have we done? What shall I answer to my boss?”
“Shall we leave her here and report that we didn’t find her?” his companion asked, still rubbing his palm on his face. 
“She may die”.
“Shall I fire one more shot to relieve her of her pains?”
“How dare you?” the leader retorted angrily, “Hah! That would be murder in cold blood”. 
“Shall we take her to our boss for emergency treatment and hope for the best? But……...how shall we carry her in unconscious condition? Besides, she may die on the way. And how will boss react?”
Finally, they joined two broomsticks with short sticks, forming a ladder like structure, and covered it with canvas cloth to make a hovering stretcher. 
“Let Befana’s companion ride on her broomstick alongside us” the leader commanded “Tie her hand with rope and holding one end, you people guide her on. We’ll fly Befana on this broomstick stretcher for treatment. Let’s pray that she doesn’t pass away on the way”.

Back to top

Chapter 24
The secret deal
La Befana recovered quite soon.
Then, she and her captured companion were lodged in separate prison cells.
La Befana’s cell faced an open grass field. La Befana had to share her cell with an old, hunched crone, who claimed that she was a witch too.
“We are in grave danger” she confided to La Befana.
“What do they plan to do with us?” La Befana asked.
“We are prisoners of witch hunters. They will first torture us. Duck us in a pool of water repeatedly from dawn till dusk, allowing a few seconds of gasping for breath each time and then plunge us again and again…until we are almost drowned”.
“Oh my god!” La Befana muttered with a trembling voice.
“They have other methods too. They will tie us to a pole, and slowly dip our feet in boiling water”.
She observed La Befana’s reaction very minutely and then said “And at night, they will…”
“They will what?” La Befana said with a panic-stricken voice “What they’ll do?”
Befana’s cellmate sighed and kept quiet.
“Please tell me what they will do?” Befana pleaded. There was urgency and horror in her voice.
“They will burn us at the stake”.
“Oh my god!” La Befana shrieked again, and shuddered.
Befana’s cellmate put her hand on Befana’s shoulder and said “we must face bravely whatever fate has in store for us. We must not break down”.
“Will they really do all those things to us?” Befana spoke, almost breaking down.
“Alas! Yes” she replied. “I have been imprisoned here for quite some time. I have seen all these with my own eyes”.
* * *
La Befana’s cellmate, the old hunched crone, was taken to another room on pretext of meeting the prison warden, where Jack was waiting alone.
“Has La Befana softened a bit?” Jack asked.
“Well, yes, to a certain extent. Some more convincing will be needed. A visual demonstration, perhaps” La Befana’s cellmate replied.
“Which demos you suppose will be most effective?” Jack asked.
“Fire and water” she replied.
“Hmmm…fire and water” Jack repeated.  He thought for a few moments and said “Are you very sure that we are not overdoing things? I don’t want to subject her or her companion to emotional stress beyond absolute minimum”.
“Of course I am very sure” La Befana’s cell-mate said “She is not the type of person who will serve your wish on a platter. She will deny till her last breath. She is not likely to budge a bit…Especially when she stands to lose…you have to soften her a bit further…”
“Hmmm… I see…” Jack replied. He rose up and went to the window. 
Jack turned back, smiled, and asked, “You can still shriek your unearthly scream, I suppose?”
“Of course yes!” she replied, shrugging her hunched shoulder.
“Good! Such a blood-curdling unearthly scream at the dead of the night will surely have the desired effect on La Befana” Jack said, hiding his cunning smile. He approached her and offered her three gold coins “Here, that’s your reward. You are persuading La Befana well. Continue your good job, and you shall not regret”.
She bowed down, offered a salaam and left with a cunning grin.
* * *
A large seesaw had been erected at the edge of the pond. One end of the pole had a chair attached to it, and the other end had a boulder as a partial counter-balance. A rope was attached to the pole just in front of the boulder. A man was pulling down the rope, and holding the seesaw horizontal.
La Befana’s companion was sitting on the chair at the other end of the pole. She was dry, and appeared quite comfortable, though her mouth had been gagged, and her hands were tied.
La Befana was brought blindfolded to the edge of the pond.
A man started striking the surface of water rhythmically with the flat blade of an oar, making a periodic splashing sound.  This lasted for several minutes.
Jack gave a signal. Instantly the rope-man released the rope, plunging Befana’s companion in the water. The oar man hid his oar among the bushes quickly. Within seconds, the rope-man pulled back the rope, bringing Befana’s companion in the former position.
Jack was amazed to see that the black, shining hair of Befana’s companion had turned grayish white, and black drops of water was dripping down her hairs. A thick layer of face paints had washed away, exposing her dotted and rough bare cheek. Barbarossa looked at her in contempt and commented “We’ll surely find a thick layer of lip-stick when we untie the gag from her mouth”.
Jack hid his smile.
“We’ll have to repeat the process once again, otherwise it won’t look convincing-just one more dip to wash away the hair dyes and paints” Jack whispered to Barbarossa. 
Barbarossa relayed Jack’s message and winked to the rope man. The man holding the rope repeated the process.
“Now untie Befana’s blindfold” Jack whispered to Barbarossa.
Barbarossa made a cup with his hands around his mouth “Untie La Befana’s eyes”.
As soon as Befana’s blinds were removed, the rope man released his rope, plunging Befana’s companion in the pond and pulled her back again quickly. 
La Befana stared with horror struck eyes at her dripping companion. “Nooooo!” she yelled “release my companion instantly!”
The rope-man replied humorously “You want me to release her?” and released his rope, plunging Befana’s companion in the pool. He pulled back his rope, lifting her immediately, and held her steadily above the water.
Jack shouted at the rope man in a fit of pretended rage “You have been ducking her in the pond since morning, and you haven’t half-drowned her yet!!”
“Give me some more time Sir” the man replied back “I swear I’ll choke her to the point of death”.
“Then do it” Jack shouted back “And show no mercy whatever! I don’t mind if you have to continue till dusk”.
Jack turned at the lady guard, accompanying La Befana and shouted furiously “And what’s your purpose in bringing Befana here? Remove her away, instantly”.
The lady guard ignored Befana’s screams and protests, blindfolded her again, and led her away. 
The rope-man held Befana’s companion several feet above the surface of water, while La Befana was being led away. The oar-man splashed a few more times with his oar to make it sound as if La Befana’s companion was still being ducked repeatedly in the pond.
“By the way, Barbarossa, is the straw effigy of a witch ready yet?” Jack asked Barbarossa.
“Er…almost ready” Barbarossa replied.
“I want it by midnight” Jack instructed “And make it look as lifelike as possible-like a real witch”.
When Befana was out of sight, they quickly untied Befana’s companion from her chair. 
“This wouldn’t have been necessary” Barbarossa said as he untied the gag from her mouth “if you had agreed to cooperate with us”.
“You thought I would have cooperated to deceive my mistress-my closest companion!” She shouted with glowing anger in her eyes “How dare you?” 
Barbarossa displayed the red lipstick-stained handkerchief to Jack and addressed her again “We are sorry for the inconvenience. Now cheer up and be optimistic! Which reminds me…an optimistic is someone who takes a bath when accidentally falling in the river…would you like to take a bath?”
She stumped her feet on the ground and screamed furiously “Shut up!”
* * *
It was past midnight when La Befana woke up in panic, in her prison cell, on hearing an unearthly scream.  Her cellmate’s unearthly scream would have made the boldest of man shiver with fear and made his hairs stand on the edge.
“What’s it?” La Befana asked in a trembling voice, grasping her cellmate’s arm and shuddering.
“Look!” she replied, pointing her index finger.
A dozen men, holding flaming torches approached the center of the grass field from opposite side. As they came nearer, they shouted and waved their torches. They stopped in front of the huge pile of woods at the center of the field, and all of them threw their burning torches at the heap on their leader’s command.
Befana’s cellmate nudged her with her elbow and asked, “Isn’t that your companion?”
A figure of a witch, robed in black, and tied to a stake amidst the wooden pile, became visible momentarily and was engulfed within moments in the huge rising flames and dark smoke.  
Two drummers were beating their drums loudly, which drowned Befana’s screams.
* * *
La Befana’s cellmate was shifted elsewhere under suspicious pretexts to raise fear in Befana’s mind. Before leaving, she bade a tearful ‘goodbye’ to Befana, and said in a trembling, mournful tone “we may never meet again, so take care of yourself. And beware of the two witch-hunters responsible for half-drowning and then burning your companion alive. Remain especially beware of the adolescent & handsome looking witch-hunter” she advised Befana.
La Befana was alone in her cell when Jack approached.
La Befana gazed at Jack with horror-struck eyes, as if she faced death itself. Then she sprang up in panic, and remained frozen to the spot.
“Don’t be afraid” Jack said “I have come to make friendship with you”.
La Befana viewed him with deep suspicion and fear in her eyes. Her pupils had dilated to almost twice the normal size. “Murderer!” she shouted at Jack “You burned my companion alive”.
She was breathing heavily. Her face was pale as a ghost, as if all her blood had been drained off. She looked paralyzed with fear.
She appeared dizzy, and her hand was involuntarily groping for something to hold as support. Finding nothing else, she picked up a pillow from her prison bed, and grasped it tightly with both her hands, close to her heart.
“I came here to help you if I could” Jack said in an assuring tone “I am Jack”. He took a few steps forward, and offered his hand.
La Befana shuddered and retracted her steps. She stepped on a porcelain dish with her hard sole shoes, cracking it into pieces. She was alarmed by the noise.
Jack took another step forward.
She retracted further, till her back touched the prison wall. She was cornered. There was no room left.
Befana’s face twitched violently and she burst into tears. All her accumulated emotions had suddenly burst out.
She fell on her knees, and clasped both her trembling hands tightly together.
“Spare me! Spare my life!” Befana pleaded with folded hands.
“That’s way I have come here” Jack lowered his voice “I might have a deal for you”.
“Will you spare my life?” La Befana uttered in disbelief. A spark of hope glistened at the corner of her eye.
“You see, it will be a very difficult task for me to convince my bloodthirsty witch-hunter team to spare you” Jack said “But I shall try my best”.
Both of them remained silent for several minutes. La Befana’s expressions were fast returning to normal. She stared at Jack’s face, waiting for him to make the next move. Finally she put back her pillow and looked cautiously at Jack’s face.
“What shall be the terms of the deal?” La Befana said.
“To retain your life and freedom, you’ll have to give up something in return” Jack said, “Nothing comes without a cost, you see”.
“I’ll give up anything in return for my life and freedom” Befana said “Anything!”
“Anything?” Jack asked with a cunning smile “Are you willing to give up your title of ‘Mother of all children of Italy’?”
“Noooo. That would hurt more than death” Befana said, almost breaking in a sob. “You can ask for anything else!”
“I see” Jack said “In that case, are you ready to hand over your role as ‘Christmas gift distributor’ to your Italian competitor ‘Babboo Natale’?”
“Oh my God!” La Befana shrieked. Tears appeared on her face “You ask me to surrender my identity to my competitor and archrival? Do you have any idea what a rascal fellow he is?!” she wiped the tears from her cheek, with her embroidered handkerchief, exposing her pimples and pockmarked cheek. “Anything else apart from that” she pleaded.
Jack eyed her with half contempt and half amusement. “Are you ready to resign from your post of secretary of Christmas witches?”
“Alas! I’ll be ruined. Devastated. Finished!” another outburst of tears flowed down her cheeks. She wiped her face, smearing her lipstick on her face. She blew her nose in her kerchief and said, “You can ask anything else you want”.
“Hmmm…I see, I see” Jack said gravely “Can you bring about a reunion among the clashing factions of witches?” 
“Isn’t there anything else, which you might ask?” she asked in a complaining tone “It is such a difficult task. There are so many types of witches: Celtic Witches, Kitchen witches, Eclectic witches, ceremonial witches, Caledonian witches….” she counted her fingers as she spoke “…and so on, each group jealously guarding its separate identity. The task of uniting the dark witches and Christmas witches is really so difficult!”
“At least, will you agree and try to bring the Christmas witches and dark witches under one banner?” Jack asked “can’t you bring about a reunion between these two major factions of witches, so that other factions may be tempted to join?”
“The two factions have become antagonistic” La Befana said “ever since they split during the gathering at Salem and since then-”
“Do you agree or not?” Jack interrupted her impatiently “Do you want me to leave now, and leave you to your fate?”
“I agree. I agree” she blurted.
“Good! In that case you sign this secret pact. You shall be allowed to retain your prestigious title as ‘Mother of all children of Italy’ as well as the post of ‘Hon. Secretary of Christmas Witches’. You won’t have to accept ‘Babboo Natale’ as the official gift distributor of Italy either! All I want is ‘on-demand support’ from all Christmas witches, and hopefully from dark witches as well. And for ensuring that happens, you shall attempt to elect a person of my choice as the President of the two united factions”.
La Befana remained silent for some time. Finally she nodded and said “Agreed!”
“That’s a wise decision” Jack said “Apart from signing; you shall also have to make a speech publicly at the witches’ gathering…” Jack left his words trailing and groped in his pockets.
He took out a few handwritten pieces of papers and handed it over to Befana “Now take these parchments, and practice reciting these speeches, so that you can make them sound as passionate as possible. It contains instructions about which part to announce, under any particular circumstance”.
Befana tucked them inside her emerald-green robe and asked “Whom am I supposed to support for President?”
“Sorry, I won’t disclose that now” Jack said “What is most important to you is: you shall be released immediately. And…” Jack continued, “…So will be your companion”.
“She is alive!?” Befana blurted in excitement and disbelief.

Back to top

Chapter 25
Witch’s Sabbath
Witches started gathering around the Stonehenge-not the world famous Stonehenge in Wiltshire, England, but a lesser-known one in Italy. The Stonehenge was located right at the center of a fairly large clearing in a dense forest.
Jack observed that most of the witches were either dressed in Emerald-green or in black. And they didn’t mingle freely either. They clustered into smaller groups.
Birds of the same feather flock together Jack observed gloomily reunion won’t be so easy.
Jack strolled among the gathering, inspecting around. He watched the satyr supervising the arrangement of chairs and tables. “He is doing a good job” Jack muttered to himself. Jack had appointed the bald headed, thick bearded, horse tailed Satyr as chief caterer. The upper half of the satyr was like a man, and his lower half was like a goat. He had hooves like a goat, in place of feet, and had horns on his head.
Jack walked around among the hostile gathering of witches.
“The convener must be crazy!” one of the green robed witch blurted to her companion “carelessly calling a meeting at the same venue and at the same time! Didn’t even bother to check out…”
“Hah! I suppose it is not carelessly, but deliberately, to intensify our enmity” the other witch snapped.
Jack moved on. He saw that some of the clusters of witches had formed tighter circles and whispering among themselves, and occasionally glancing at the groups of different colors with suspicion and hatred.
Jack sprang to his feet on hearing a sudden yell. He turned around instantly to find that one black-robed witch and one green-robed witch were pulling each other’s hairs and yelling frantically.
Jack rushed towards them. The caterer satyr and his three accomplices also came running, waving their batons.
Jack saw that the onlookers had already formed a circle around the fighting witches, and were cheering enthusiastically:
“Tear off her hairs!”
“Punch her long nose into a pancake!”
Someone made a shrill wolf whistle and shouted, “Slap her face!”
“Use your nails. Scratch her face”.
The onlookers clapped and cheered. The atmosphere was heating up faster and faster and within moments, the fight spread among the supporters.
The satyr and his accomplices pounced on the fighting witches and pulled them apart with a mighty force. Then, with a rapid discharge of batons, they manage to disperse the fighting onlookers.
“Shame on you all!” Jack shouted at them, “Even small children can behave more maturely”.
The satyr pulled Jack by his hand and took him to a vacant spot. Then he grumbled in a hushed voice “Now you understand why I demanded more guards? I’ll be having a hell of a trouble keeping things under control. If they are so unruly at this evening hour, imagine what will happen by midnight. Especially when, many of them get intoxicated at Sabbath feast”.
“You have arranged for intoxications as well?” Jack asked in disbelief.
The satyr stared hard at Jack and snorted like a horse. “You have never been to any witches’ Sabbath I suppose!”
Jack felt uneasy, as the satyr continued to stare at Jack contemptuously.
“I don’t have to arrange for intoxications at the feast” the satyr said “They will take care of that themselves-they’ll bring bottles of alcohol and pillboxes, with all sorts of intoxicants and hallucinogens”.
* * *
It was late evening, when ‘La Befana’ arrived at the witches’ Sabbath, riding on her flying broom. The emerald robed witches raised joyful cry and cheered, "Long live the ‘mother of all children of Italy’! Glory to La Befana!"
Jack requested La Befana to take her seat adjacent to the center chair on the stage.
More satyrs, mini-demons and witches were still pouring in.
It was almost midnight when the Russian witch ‘Baba Yaga’ arrived, flying on her gigantic mortar. There was an echo of joy among the black-robed witches.
Jack rose up from his seat and announced in a loud voice "we all welcome our chief guest ‘Baba Yaga’, who has arrived here for the first time. It is indeed a matter of great pleasure for us that she has accepted our invitation to attend the ceremony. I would request Baba Yaga to say a few words and then preside over this meeting”
Baba Yaga occupied the center chair on the stage. The black robed witches and satyrs cheered triumphantly, while there was a hue and cry and suppressed protests among the emerald dressed witches.
Baba Yaga stood up and occupied the podium. “First of all, I would like to thank-“she cut her words abruptly, and dodged aside, narrowly escaping an egg which came hurtling towards her face. A lady’s shoe, and two more eggs followed it rapidly. One of the eggs smashed on her shoulder, emitting disgusting rotten smell. 
There was an immediate laughter and angry reaction simultaneously among the gathering.
“Enough of this!” Jack stood up and yelled desperately at the gathering.
Sensing danger, Baba Yaga cut short her speech drastically and said “It’s almost midnight now. Let us now begin our procession-" She left the podium, almost rushing for shelter and vanished through the side entrance of the stage.
With flourish of trumpets, and beats of drums, hundreds of witches and human sized demons, encircled the Stonehenge and began a wild back-to-back dance.
The beat of the drums went louder and faster, and so did the intensity and wildness of the dance. Then they started shouting chants and hymns in unison.
Then the grand feast began. Countless wooden tables and chairs had been arranged in a semicircle pattern around the roaring fire. Soon the air started smelling of barbecue roasts, and exotic spices and fermenting fruity odors. The caterers rushed to and from the makeshift tents and barbecue ovens to the dining tables, carrying roasted turkeys and plates upon plates of cakes and ale, sacks of fruits and other delicacies. The piles of food started disappearing from the plates. Piles of chicken bones and unfinished cakes started piling on the grassy ground, which were hungrily devoured by fighting wolves from nearby woods. It was undoubtedly an open-air banquet on the grandest scale.
The banquet was followed by a ritualistic Black Mass.
After the mass, La Befana occupied the podium, and spoke loudly in her slightly Italian tone “This gathering was arranged for a very special purpose. After decades of differences among different factions of witches, and rivalry between ‘Christmas Witches’ and so called ‘Dark Witches’, it is high time…” she glanced sideways at Jack with an imploring look on her face, as if she wanted to say no more.
But seeing the stern look on Jack’s face, and the witch-spray can in his hand, she quickly resumed her speech “…it is high time to bury our differences and unite together”
There was an instant, mixed reaction among the gathered witches.
Sensing that the critical moment has arrived, Jack came down from the stage and asked reluctant Baba Yaga to come onstage again. But she was too reluctant to face the crowd again and even tried to escape.
“Now that the festivities and feast are over, and their bellies are filled to the brim” Jack tried to assure her “they won’t resort to violence. They are too tired for that now after the wild dance”. But despite all assurances, Jack had to almost pull her hand to bring her to center-stage.
“And now, I wish to make an important appeal” La Befana shouted at the top of her voice “I propose Baba Yaga’s name for the post of ‘President of all Witches Association’, the post which used to exist before our split”.
La Befana took a pause, glancing at the stunned audience. “Baba Yaga is very experienced veteran and most suitable candidate for this highest post” La Befana shouted “I am sure you’ll all agree with me. Please express your opinions”.
There was a resounding cheering among the dark witches, and an overwhelming protest among the emerald-robed clusters.
“It is really unfortunate, that my own supporters are opposing me” La Befana shouted again “even though many others are rooting for my decision. If you continue to oppose” La Befana announced in a threatening tone “I shall resign from my post of ‘Secretary of Christmas Witches’ in protest. That is what my conscience demands from me”.
There was a hushed silence among Christmas witches, while the black-robed witches shouted in unison “Long live Befana!” “Long live ‘Baba Yaga’!”
Jack stacked the witch-spray can in his robe, stood near the podium and addressed “I request all Christmas witches to consider the fact that La Befana herself is extending full and voluntary support for Baba Yaga”. He gave a hardened look at ‘La Befana’ as a stern warning against any last moment change of mind. 
“La Befana is absolutely convinced that electing ‘Baba Yaga’ with a huge margin for President’s post is a must for public good” Jack said “Electing her unanimously will be even better. In fact it will be the best possible thing for all faction of witches”. 
“Let’s not let ‘La Befana’ down and force her to resign by rejecting her wise request” Jack continued “let’s all support Baba Yaga’s candidature for presidency. Cheer for her and for unity among witches”.
There was a resounding cheer from the dark witches. The Christmas witches were hesitant and silent.
“And besides….” Jack continued, “Let’s request La Befana to accept the post of ‘Secretary’ of this bigger and united group. Let’s all support her candidature”.
Several green-robed Christmas Witches now cheered in a subdued tone. The cheering caught like infection among other reluctant members. The cheers grew louder and louder. While they were still cheering, Jack and Baba Yaga had already left the stage and stood at a dark lonely corner. Before saying goodbye, Baba Yaga said in a grateful voice “I’ll keep my word. You’ll have my full support in your struggle”.

Back to top

Chapter 26
Rise and fall of ‘United State of Elf-Land’
Jack walked down the street of the capital of Elf-land, situated near Reykjavik in Iceland. He watched victory parades and wild rejoicing with occasional popping of Champagne bottles. It was a field day for Jack. He was feeling so good that a suppressed fear appeared in his mind Good times never last. This is like a sweet dream, which will soon break into harsh reality.
Dark Elves, Light Elves, Snow Elves, High Elves and even some Christmas Elves gathered in the streets for group dances, holding hands. Fireworks lighted the sky with dazzling light even amidst the faint light of dusk.
The Elves had won and driven out the gnomes, and forced the trolls and ogres to retreat to the mountains of Iceland. But they haven’t been crushed yet Jack thought they are seething with anger at their humiliating ouster, and will return back like ferocious, hungry wolves for bloody vengeance.
Despite Jack’s apprehension about handing over the scepter to Devil, Elf land was free at last. ‘Martini’ and ‘Kandy’, the regional leaders of the dark and light elves respectively, emerged as the two most powerful leaders of the newborn nation. All factions of Elves had joined hands and established the ‘United Elf Land’. Jack was brimming with hope of secret support from the elves, which will be crucial for him to rise up the power curve, and in his struggle against Devil. I must make secret agreements with ‘Kandy’ and ‘Martini’ as soon as the situation stabilizes a bit. But very soon Jack’s hopes turned to fear.
Jack knew for sure that his fears were absolutely valid. This temporary & opportunistic alliance among the different faction of elves might fall apart like a pack of ‘whistoon’ cards. Elfland is highly susceptible to internal and external threats; the elves won’t be able to hold back long.
The top elf leaders had ignored the confirmed spy reports about the recruitment of troll and ogre mercenaries by wealthy gnome financiers on an alarming scale. They also ignored warning of impending guerilla attacks from the valleys and ravines of the ogres. Instead, they chose to focus only on celebration of their victory. This deeply worried Jack.
But at other moments, Jack was having a difficult time controlling his laughter that seemed to bubble up from his stomach like soda water. What a worthless stuff I have traded with Devil! Baba Yaga was right about the scepter of Elf-land. At those moments Jack felt like dancing, even though the risk of being observed loomed high. He was on Devil’s duty, surveying what Devil had described as 'the grim situation in elf-land’. He was assigned the task of submitting a detailed report to Devil.
Jack stumbled upon the same check post, which he had visited earlier. He saw that the portrait of Devil was still garlanded, but this time with shoes instead of flowers, and Devil’s face had been blackened.
Jack went inside and saw that some of the old wooden furniture had been knocked down. On one corner lay a few wooden trunks and cardboard cartons with paper seals “To Zurich” or “To Munich”.  The lid of one of the huge wooden trunk lay open, and Jack saw pieces of antique chinaware, silk and muslin clothes, some gold jewelry with precious stones, one jaded flower vase, some ancient Elfish armor and several pieces of invaluable old paintings. The fleeing gnomes had left all these behind in panic.
Jack wondered how much wealth had been looted and plundered over the years from all over Elf land. The ‘gnomes of Zurich’ had been draining them white and accumulating incalculable amount of wealth in the underground, secret vaults of Zurich and Munich. Jack sighed and came out on the street.
Elves were marching down the streets, waving their newly approved national flag of ‘Elf cross’. Some were carrying banners or throwing confetti in the air. A new coalition Elf Govt. has been formed in their ancient capital near Reykjavik.
Jack observed a few over enthusiastic Elves lying along the streets; lying over-drunk. The top elf leaders are also intoxicated with power and not behaving any differently Jack thought.
* * *
Jack reported to Devil.
“What news, Jack?” Devil asked grimly.
“Very bad!” Jack sighed and hung his head down as if it was entirely his fault. Jack was finding it almost impossible to prevent any traces of smile appearing on his face. Devil looked at Jack piercingly, trying to get right inside Jack’s mind.
Devil started strolling to and fro in the room, but asked no further questions. Then he fetched the scepter of Elf land and held it.
“So this is the powerful, magical scepter of Elf-land, eh?” Devil growled.
“So they say!” Jack replied.
“All those unfortunate events happened in Elf-land while this was in my possession. So I don’t see any magical power in this. Not anymore” Devil said with a severe frown “or, is all the power locked securely in this, awaiting release?” Jack didn’t miss the sarcasm in Devil’s tone.
Devil snapped the scepter into two. There was a glint of savageness in Devil’s eye “If the powers were locked inside, I set it free!”
Then he turned to Jack and said, “You know Jack-I always destroy, which I can’t obtain”.
Jack shuddered to think that Devil might be referring to his intention of destruction of entire race of elves in Elf-land.
Devil was holding the two pieces of scepter in his hands. He gave a deep sigh and said; “Now it is nothing but useless stuff!” Devil sighed again “Rubbish junk! Fit to be thrown in the dustbin!”
Devil raised his hand to throw the two pieces in the dustbin. He stopped abruptly “Beautiful diamond though-“, he muttered to himself.
Devil tucked the upper part of the scepter under his fur coat and threw the other half in the dustbin.
Then he turned to Jack and said with a wicked smile “return back to Iceland. I want further report. And I want news of exiled Gryla”
“Yes my Lord” Jack bowed and left. The Devil left the hall with a grim face.
Jack returned back after a few minutes and collected the piece of scepter from the dustbin. This is exactly how Devil recovered the parchment of our agreement in Brandon Public Bar, after I threw it carelessly in the dustbin Jack mused.
* * *
Jack was back in Elf-land.
Jack toured several parts of Iceland in a state of utter shock and dismay. In the last two days, he had witnessed violent riots and bloodshed between light elves and dark elves. An effigy was still burning and emitting black smokes as Jack walked along. Small pools of ‘thick red’ coagulating blood and ‘blackish red’ blood stains lay drying along the paved road.
Jack had helplessly witnessed the burning of buildings, mass protests, processions with black flags, destruction of public properties and widespread racial violence. A few elves passed by-their clothes were still stained with blood and hands smeared with blood. They looked like bloodthirsty beasts that had tasted blood and were craving for more. “Revenge!” was the word resonating on the streets.
It all started, when, in an utterly shocking move, the New Parliament of Elf-land had attempted to introduce the “New Slave Act” to continue slavery on racial basis, as it had happened in the distant past. It was instantly met with heated debate, which soon turned into angry uproar. The speaker made a desperate attempt to adjourn the parliament indefinitely. But it was too late. The spark had touched the gunpowder!
The violent uproar in the parliament grew more intense, turning it into a battleground in no time. Angry words turned to dirty slang, and then gave way to physical violence. Shoes were hurled at the speaker and at one another. Parliamentarians running for shelter turned into practicing targets for anything that could be hurled. Chairs and desks served faithfully as clubs and shields.
But the numbers of dark elf parliamentarians were roughly equal to the number of light ones. There was no clear victory to either side and the parliament was dissolved and then plundered by opportunists.
It was a deep shock to the Elf population. They had been promised freedom and equality in the Preamble draft. A few unemployed elf youths sensed vacancy for instant leadership. Those empty-minded folks hatched the Devilish idea of adding fuel to the flame rather than trying to douse it. They acted like hatred preaching leaders and urged their communities to take up the fight. Soon, both the major elf communities decided to take the fight to the streets.
Martini and Kandy were heading two opposite camps, totally against their own will and forced by circumstance. Both were against racial discrimination, but found it impossible to convince the crazy mob. In burning, racially torn-apart Iceland, skin color was all that mattered now, and mattered enormously. Dark elves pushed up Martini as their supreme leader, and white elves danced with white skinned ‘Kandy’ on their shoulders.
Both of them had almost the same views on political matters. They differed only on external affairs policy i.e. on the subject of employment of Elves worldwide, especially in ‘Christmas toy factories’. Suddenly, this difference got highlighted and became the major political agenda.
Supporters of Martini cried aloud “Stop exploitations of Elves, worldwide!” and “stop drainage of skilled workers”, while supporters of Kandy waved banners “foreign employment generates wealth”, “encourage outflow of labor and inflow of wealth” etc. And the opposite party workers clashed on these issues, often fatally.
To make things worse, Belsnickel, the head of devilish strike & espionage unit of Santa Claus, held a meeting with ‘Kandy’, offered enormous packages, and got the assurance of steady supply of skilled Elf workers for Santa’s workshops. Jointly they declared, “It is in the interest of both of us to keep Elf-land free of Russian Ded Moroz’s influence”. They hailed their alliance as ‘North Atlantic Holy alliance’
Without wasting any time, Russian ‘Father Christmas’ Moroz raised the slogans “Elves around the world, unite” and “Rise and throw off your shackles”.  He formed alliance with dark skinned Martini, in presence of, and on terms dictated by ‘Koschei’ the head of Moroz’s devilish unit. 
The bitter rivalry between Santa and Moroz had already spread in Elf-land, and was heading for the worse.
The troll-Devil-gnome alliance was seething with anger at their humiliating ouster. Sensing opportunity, they started striking back violently.
In short, Elf-land was becoming a battleground; a real hell.
All of Jack’s hopes of future support from Elf-land disappeared. His ambitious plans really collapsed like a house of ‘whistoon’ cards. Jack couldn’t digest the blow-it was a great setback for him. Jack started realizing the power of the cursed scepter.

Back to top

Chapter 27
From bad to worse
“I feel guilty for the mess in Elf-land” Jack said passionately to Barbarossa.
“Are you feeling bad about the deteriorating condition of the elves or about losing your support base?” Barbarossa asked.
Jack didn’t reply.
“I must find out the blessed prince of the Elves” Jack said “only he can bring everlasting peace to Elf-land” Jack added hopefully.
“But how can you find him?” Barbarossa asked.
A cloud of gloom shadowed the hopeful expression on Jack’s face.
“That precisely is the problem” Jack admitted “the prophecy merely states that he will have the blood of dark and light elves in his veins. But it doesn’t specify whether his parents will be of different colors, or whether it refers to grandparents or whether we’ll have to dig seven generations to trace his blood links. And in the present situation, nobody is willing to admit having traces of ‘impure blood’ in his vein!”
Jack sighed and continued, “Besides, we don’t even know, whether he’ll be a celebrity royal member or some unknown descendant of royal family hidden among the common elves” Jack said.
“How tough will it be to search him out?”
“How tough?” Jack forced a smile on his sad face “It’s like searching for the ‘sorcerer’s stone’. It’s like searching a needle in a haystack”.
Both of them sat gloomily, considering other possibilities.
A smile appeared on Barbarossa’s face, and he sat upright.
“You have given me the idea Jack” Barbarossa said “Suppose, you knew for sure that a sorcerer’s stone lies somewhere among the thousands and thousands of pebbles scattered over the surface of Iceland. How would you go about finding it?”
“How?” Jack asked.
“Ah! You tell me”.
“Maybe I’ll search for unusual looking pebbles” Jack shrugged his shoulders and said with an irritated tone “I’ll collect all the potential ones and then touch each of them on this lead jar, and watch it turning into gold. But, what is your novel approach?”
“I’ll have the tip of one walking stick coated with lead, and go on regular morning walks, touching pebbles playfully”.
“That’s really a nice idea” Jack said “But how will it affect our scenario?”
Barbarossa smiled and replied, “think of the broken piece of scepter in your possession as the sorcerer’s stone, Jack”.
Jack was stunned. He rose up and hugged Barbarossa. “Sometimes you come up with ideas like a genius!” Jack said excitedly.
* * *
Within two hours Jack reached the office of Martini, the leader of the dark elves.
Martini’s personal secretary bluntly turned down Jack’s request of an appointment. “Martini has several grave matters to attend; he doesn’t have a moment to spare” she said “didn’t you notice the swarms of party workers and VIPs lining outside the office?”
Of course Jack had observed the teeming crowd. Martini is the topmost leader of the dark elves now Jack thought being surrounded by fans and followers is natural.
If I could somehow remind him of our meeting in the volcanic secret headquarters, he’ll be glad to see me Jack pondered but what if he can’t remember me among his thousands of followers. That’s even more natural.
After a hell lot of efforts, and handsomely bribing Martini’s secretary, Jack got a very brief appointment.
Martini shook Jack’s hand “I am so glad to meet you again, dear Jack. How are you and how did you remember me?” Martini’s voice indicated that he was expecting Jack to bother him by asking for some favor.
“I came here to ask you a favor,” Jack said.
“Yes?” Martini said, tucking a file marked ‘confidential’ in the cabinet. He was so busy, even while speaking that it occurred to Jack that Martini might be avoiding him.
Jack took out the broken piece of the scepter and said “Please keep this with you for one week. This is a magical piece-it might choose its own master”
Martini stared at the inscription on the scepter, and his eyes grew wider. “Hey, Jack! I know this. I had seen this in my childhood”. Martini frowned and looked suspiciously at Jack “this is the ancient scepter of Elf-land, isn’t it? Why is it broken? Where is the other part?” Martini’s voice became louder and more serious with each question.
“Please, for our friendship’s sake, don’t ask questions” Jack pleaded “I am doing this for the sake of Elf-land”
“Friendship?” Martini frowned, but didn’t ask any further question. However the questioning look persisted in his eyes.
“I deeply trust you Martini” Jack said slowly “But magical objects can sometimes corrupt the owner or make him blind of greed. This makes the task of parting with it difficult. Therefore you must sign this paper as an obligation to return it in one week if nothing good comes out of it or if things go worse”.
Martini gazed at Jack for several minutes. Then he smiled, signed the paper and received the scepter. 
“Remember Jack, I am doing you a favor only for the sake of Elf-land” Martini said. His stress fell on the words ‘doing you a favor’.
* * *
Jack walked down the street of Elf-land. He hadn’t seen any improvement in last three days. Rather, things have gone worse. Racial hatred had given rise to nocturnal, terrorist activities.
Groups of elves wearing robes, masks and conical hats of either black or white colors, depending on their own skin-colors, and waving burning oil torches, lynched innocent elf populations at night, purely on racial basis.
Jack was approaching the street corner, when two elves suddenly appeared from the corner, and approached Jack. Their faces were almost covered.
Jack increased his walking pace. 
After a few minutes, he turned behind.
They were still following him and were fast approaching him.
Jack started running.
They sprinted at Jack, and within minutes they grasped his hands.
Jack struggled to break free, but they grasped him more tightly.
They removed their covering and revealed their faces. Their faces were bruised and ruptured, with black marks and swellings around their eyes. One of them had his nose almost broken, and had black clots of blood above his lips. Jack recognized them at once-they belonged to spy unit three of the rebel Elves.
“Oh my God!” Jack uttered, “Did you become victim of the riots or lynching?”
“No. Devil’s soldiers and Gryla’s ogres raided our hideouts”. 
They pulled Jack’s sleeves and led him away quickly from the street to one hiding corner. They watched around cautiously and said, “They were after us-they came for revenge, for our blood. They haven’t accepted their defeat lightly. They were just waiting for this opportunity”.
They peeped out cautiously as they spoke “Three of us were killed on the spot, fighting bravely. Two Elves have been captured in deeply wounded condition; rest of us barely managed to flee”.
“Then what happened?” Jack asked anxiously.
“Our group-leader has disbanded our unit” the other Elf replied.
“Disbanded unit three?” Jack asked in disbelief.
“Yes. He feared that the captured elves would have no options left but to confess and divulge many secrets. You know how brutal torture they apply. It can break down the toughest”.
Jack closed his eyes for a short prayer. He shuddered even to think of the horrible torture. Jack wished the two captured Elves were dead.
* * *
Belsnickel reported to Jack.
“Sir, the riots in Elf-land has spread to Santa’s factories as well” Belsnickel said “The worker Elves are going on mass strikes. Martini’s opposition to employing worker Elves in Christmas toy factories abroad is deeply affecting production, and will consequently affect my budget. As the head of Mr. Santa’s espionage and strike unit, I must do something”.
“Look Belsnickel” Jack said, “The political situation of Elf-land is very fragile. It would be best not to interfere and meddle any further”.
“You haven’t gauged the seriousness of the problem yet” Belsnickel said “Isn’t it better to rip off the tumor before it spreads to other parts of the body?” There was a wicked smile on his face and his tone was malicious.
“What do you mean?” Jack whispered, looking alarmed.
“Martini not only has a dark skin, but a dark heart as well,” Belsnickel said with a Devilish smile on his face “besides, he is too loud in rallying cries. Won’t it be better to silence his voice?”
“Never!” Jack shouted, almost jumping to his feet “I order you not to carry out any attempt on Martini’s life. Promise me, you won’t proceed with your sinister plans”.
Belsnickel gave a piercing look and said “Of course, not. After all, you are my boss. I must obey without questions”. He stretched himself lazily, raised his eyebrows, tweaked his gray moustache and said with an emotionless face “your wish is my command”. Then he got up, walked to the washbasin and washed off his hands.
* * *
Two days later, Martini was found murdered in his private room.
The incident sparked another round of riots between the Dark and light Elves. The top leaders of the dark Elves raised fingers of accusation at the opposite camp. 
‘Kandi’, the leader of the light elves, vehemently denied having any hand in this affair. Some of Kandi’s men even termed it as ‘unfortunate suicide’.
When Jack arrived, the place of murder was swarming with reporter elves, investigation squads, security personnel, some forensic experts and party members of Martini. The corpse had been covered with a white sheet, a chalk boundary drawn around it followed by a second boundary of red ribbons. Every object in the neighborhood of the scene was being closely scrutinized.
It took Jack almost half a day to clear the broken scepter from the possession of security elves, even after producing Martini’s signature. They interrogated Jack like a possible suspect with a motive of obtaining Martini’s scepter with a fake signature. And incredibly, Jack had a difficult time convincing them that as per the agreement, nothing good has come out from Martini’s possession of the scepter!
* * *
When Jack reached the light elf leader Kandy’s party office, there was an air of suppressed jubilation. Occasionally, one or the other of the gathered light Elves shook their heads and expressed remorse with clichéd expressions like “Martini was such a great leader” and “it is an unbearable loss”. But Jack could make out from the tone that they really didn’t mean it. He had an uncanny feeling, that inside their heart, they were celebrating Martini’s death and the emergence of Kandy as the most influential leader of Elf-land.
Twenty minutes past the appointment time, Kandy’s personal secretary said to Jack “You may now go in”.
As Jack got up and walked towards the door, he suddenly had a strong feeling that Martini’s death was due to the cursed scepter. He shook off such thoughts from his head and knocked Kandy’s door.
After repeating the brief formalities, Jack handed over the scepter.
Jack was feeling happy that Kandy didn’t ask any questions about the origin of the broken scepter etc. Kandy happily agreed to keep it in his possession for one week to observe any ‘magical effect’. It seemed to Jack that Kandy didn’t believe a word about ‘magical effects’ either, and considered it to be a worthless gift of a magic-believing fan and supporter.
“I must reward you properly” Kandy said and offered Jack a packet of candy.
A packet of candy in return for the scepter of Elf-land! Jack’s face grew red at this insult what a curse my adolescent look is! People think it their right to treat me like a child Jack thought angrily. Even though Jack loved his self-started prankish tradition of ‘trick-or-treat’, it was candies in return for a threat. That’s entirely different and gave him pleasure. But candies in return of scepter! Jack tried hard to digest the bitter insult of Kandy’s candies.
Kandy tucked the scepter inside his cloth, and was about to wind up his office works and leave in a hurry. He locked his cabinets, wished Jack ‘good evening’, got up and walked towards the door. He turned the door handle and stopped abruptly. He turned around and asked Jack “Would you like to come with me?”
“Where?” Jack asked.
“To the theatre. I am going to the evening theatre” Kandy replied in a friendly tone. 
“But I don’t have a ticket”
“Forget about it” Kandy said haughtily “You are coming with me. My carriage waits outside”.
* * *
The royal theatre hall was large and dimly lit. Satin curtains adorned all three sides. The floor was laid with velvety red carpet. The theatre hall was half filled with high-ranking light elves, and Elf ladies of royal families. Jack didn’t find any dark elves in the entire hall.
Jack occupied one of the reserved seats just next to Kandy.
The tarpaulin curtain was about to rise from the stage in a few minutes. A soft, background music was emanating from behind the curtain. The soothing music was making more nervous, as if his instincts were whispering to him “something is wrong”. What have I done? How could I offer the cursed scepter to Kandi even after seeing the previous result? Jack tried to relax his body on the soft cushion, but his apprehension grew into a suppressed fear.
One of Kandy’s colleagues approached them and whispered near Kandy’s ear “Santa Claus has expressed his desire for another round of friendly talks next week. Belsnickel will accompany him here”.
“Good” Kandi replied and looked pleased. His colleague left.
The musical chord changed, and the lights of the hall became dimmer. Jack observed a slight disturbance among the satin curtains to his right, as if hit by a draught of wind. Jack was feeling deep uneasiness as if through his sixth sense-a sense he had gained through his long association with the paranormal. The trivial disturbance of the curtain made Jack nervous.
Next moment, Kandy gave out a scream, jumped from his seat, threw his limbs madly and then collapsed on the floor, struggling against an invisible enemy and moaning in pain.
Jack bent forward and held ‘Kandi’ in his hand for support. A dart-shaped arrow had struck Kandi on the right side of his neck.
Jack pulled out the arrow and shouted, “Put on the lights!”
A wave of alarm had already spread among the audience, and the gathered elves ran hither and thither in panic. Lady Elves screamed with horror. Baby elves in their arms amplified the noises. The two exit doors were locked and desperate crowd cram-blocked the only emergency exit.
Jack rushed to the spot where he had observed the movement of the curtain. He removed the curtain with a jerk, but found no one hiding between the curtain and the wall.
He rushed back to attend Kandy. The wound was not deep but Kandy was bleeding profusely. Jack took out a handkerchief and pressed hard on the wound.
The scepter! A thought flashed in Jack’s mind Soon security personnel will crowd here, making it impossible to recover it this time.
Jack put his hand inside Kandi’s cloth and pulled out the scepter. He whispered ‘I am sorry for this’. Then ran towards the elevated back seats, and quickly hid it beneath one foldable seat cushion.
Jack came back quickly to attend Kandy.
Jack watched to his horror that Kandy’s hairs have started falling off from his head. His bluish eyes were turning dark and his white skin had started yellowing. His muscles had started stiffening, and ‘Kandy’ was barely able to move his limbs.
Jack was scarcely able to believe his own eyes. Within minutes, Kandy had turned bald headed, and his eyes had sunken into deep hollow. His sportsman like figure had shrunken into that of a withered old man.
A few moments later, Kandi breathed his last and was dead as a coffin nail.
“Russian poison” Jack murmured. Jack was aware that Koschei, the head of the espionage & strike unit of Ded Moroz, possessed such terrible poison. He picked up the blood tipped arrow, and removed the feather fletching from the back of the arrow. He scratched underneath the softwood. A blue inscription of the letter K appeared: the code signature of Koschei’s gang.

Back to top

Chapter 28
The trial
Spy of Santa Claus captured red-handed in spying and burglary activities by Ded Moroz’s agents. He may face long imprisonment. Grand trial is to be held the day after tomorrow.
Jack grasped the newspaper, as he read this headline news. In his excitement, he forgot to take his seat.
Jack read further:
…Initially Santa Claus denied having any role in the incident. Then he asserted that it must be one of his helpers, distributing off-season gifts and landing accidentally in Moroz’s Russian territory…etc.
Jack was present in Russia for meeting his mentor-witch ‘Baba Yaga’, when he read this news. At first he thought it was an elaborate hoax or a cheap Russian joke. But soon he realized from the angry public reactions that it wasn’t.
Jack decided to attend the trial to find out more.
* * *
The trial was being held in Ded Moroz’s special ‘criminal court’ in Veliky Ustyug.
It had been decided, that the trial would be held in English (and translated in Russian for court officials), so that the whole world may witness the generosity and magnanimity of Moroz’s justice.
The judge sitting on the raised ‘bench’ struck his wooden gavel on the desk thrice, making everyone alert. The judge was wearing a plain black robe with golden stripes on his pocket and wearing a curly white wig. Behind him, there was the great seal of jurisdiction with the motto ‘justice above all’ inscribed.
Above all!? Jack sneered, as he looked above the inscription and saw a portrait of ‘Ded Moroz’ in great philanthropic spirit, cheerfully carrying a huge bagful of gifts, bending down by the load on his back.
Adjacent to the ‘bench’, one court clerk and several court reporters had occupied their seats. The jury box was filled with five jurors.
“Let the arraignment be read in presence of the defendant” the judge ordered, “Jurists, please pay attention to the criminal complaints”.
The court clerk rose up and occupied the lectern. “Mr. Alfonso Salfar is charged on two serious counts on two separate occasion” the clerk said in a loud authoritative voice, waving his index finger “First charge against him is being an accomplice in the murder of ‘Martini’ of Iceland, the former leader of the dark elves, and ally of comrade Ded Moroz. He is most likely having a hand in that murder-either directly or indirectly. And as per the Clauses of extradition treaty signed between Ded Moroz and late Martini, this case falls within our jurisdiction.
Second charge against him is in connection to his recent capturing here in Russia with poison pills, his intact flying reindeer-sledge, jewelry, and inciting pamphlets. He is charged with intended assassination, burglary and spying activities”
There was a sudden outburst of excitement. The assembled, curious public, in the court gallery, started gossiping loudly. The Bailiff straightened his back and shouted “order! ORDER!”
“Let printed copies of ‘bill of information’ and other documents be distributed to the defendant and jury members” the judge announced “Let the jury members quickly decide whether there is enough evidence for the case to proceed”.
Two peons distributed thin bunch of paper to the jury members.
The jury members glanced at the papers and started whispering among themselves. While they were discussing, the judge cleared his throat to draw attention and announced, “Let me remind, this is fast court proceeding. The defendant must enter his pleas on the spot. He must plead guilty or not guilty. ‘Nolo contendere’ is not allowed”.
Jack was feeling tense at the courtroom. He turned his face several times from the discussing jurors and that grave looking pig-in-a-wig, and stared repeatedly at the wood paneled walls. He was reminded of the court scene centuries ago, when the court verdict had struck disaster on him. How different the course of events would have been, if the verdict had acknowledged me, as the legal heir of my ancestral lands! Jack wondered.
He felt embittered to think how his own uncle had manipulated the law to cheat him from his share of ancestral land after his father’s death. His uncle had resorted to forgery and manipulated the law by bribing the lawyers.
Jack was feeling pity for the defendant as he remembered how the court verdict had been such a deep blow for him. The beginning of his misfortune………henceforth he struggled with gripping poverty to maintain himself and his twin sister.
Jack pulled out a piece of very old, withered parchment from his pocket. He unfolded it. There was a pencil sketch of a young lady, now almost faded. Jack looked at his dead sister's face and wiped his tears.
It was then that Jack had first started drinking for the first time and then-
Jack was startled by the sound of the striking gavel and his thoughts were interrupted.
The jurists had stopped their discussions. “What is the decision of the jury?” the Judge demanded.
Four out of five jurors gave thumbs down signal.
“By overwhelming majority, the defendant is hereby indicted. He is formally accused of the charges brought out against him” the judge declared, “let the prosecution present the case first. All witnesses may be cross examined by opposite sides”.
Proceedings began.
"Do you swear to tell the truth, the whole truth, and nothing but the truth?" the defendant was asked.
“Yes. I swear” the defendant took the oath, holding up his right hand.
The prosecutor rose and approached the defendant’s box.
“You are a half-elf; am I right?” the prosecutor asked.
“True. My mother was a human and my father was an elf- I mean, a light-elf, to be more specific”.
“Is it due to this reason that you volunteered your service for the assassination of a high ranking dark-Elf in Iceland?”
“I beg your pardon!” the defendant said defiantly, turning away his eyes to avoid eye contact.
“Did you or did you not undertake an assignment for the assassination of the late leader of the dark elves, ‘Martini’? Do you accept or deny?”
“I deny”.
“Let this be recorded in the docket” the Judge addressed the court-clerk aloud.
The prosecutor turned to the judge and said, “May I be allowed to produce one crime expert?”
The judge in white wig nodded in assent.
An old man wearing a white overcoat and holding a small plastic box came forward, and stood in the witness box. 
“You may give your testimony” the judge said.
The old man opened the plastic lid and took out a small forceps from his pocket. He pulled out a small semi-transparent film from his box and held it high. “This sample was sent to our crime-lab from Iceland the following day of the assassination. Our crime-experts have compared it with the fingerprint of the defendant, and they match exactly. As a double check, they have consulted the spirits for confirmation. This proves beyond doubt that the defendant was present at the site of crime” He took a breath and said “That’s all I have to say, my Lord”
“Well, you may leave now” the prosecutor said.
The prosecutor turned to the defendant and spoke in a serious tone “That was your first lie. With each lie you utter, you are automatically increasing the severity of your penalty” He bent his index finger and tapped it’s end forcefully at the chest of the defendant, as if trying to hammer his point into the defendants head “Now remember, this is your last chance to come out with a clean confession. I have heaps of evidences and lots of witnesses lined up to throw you inside to rot till the end of your days”
The defendant’s lawyer rose up, with a file held tightly between his elbow and ribs. “Objections, my Lord!” he said “But the section 153 Clause 3d, clearly states that confession can’t be extracted through threatening. Besides, use of any physical means like poking with fingers is purely unethical”
“Don’t teach me law” the judge fumed “Objection overruled!”
The prosecutor grinned, and addressed the defendant “I am offering you a plea bargain; my last offer, to plead guilty. You can avoid conviction of serious charges-like charges of felony, which is punishable with death, if you confess the truth. Decide quickly”.
The defendant half-Elf looked deeply undecided, clutching his hairs as he weighed the options desperately. His lawyer was also in a deep dilemma. The entire court was dead silent with suspense.
The defendant broke down, holding his face in his hand and sobbing.
“I’ll confess” he whispered. 
The courtroom again fell silent.
A few people were still pouring in one by one as the trial proceeded. Then Ded Moroz himself arrived. His face looked grave and hardened, quite unlike his smiling face on the portrait. 
A young, beautiful lady followed Ded Moroz. Jack’s heart gave a kick and he sat stiff and alert. He rubbed his eyes in disbelief “It can’t be true. She is alive!” He muttered to himself. 
Ded Moroz took a seat at the left end of the front, reserved row, of the gallery. The young lady sat just in front of Jack, in the front row of the gallery, just behind the railing bar, to get a closer view.
Jack pinched himself hard. He felt the sharp pain. The same golden hair, the same bluish-green eyes…Jack touched her to see if she was real.
“Yes mister?” she turned around and asked. 
“Oh, nothing! Err…what is your name?” Jack managed to stammer.
She gave a faint smile “You don’t know me?” she pointed to Moroz and said “I am granddaughter of Ded Moroz. My name is ‘Snegurochka’-which means ‘snow maiden’ in Russian”.
Her words felt like music to Jack’s ears. There is no mistake. It is the same voice! Even her skin is snow-white like my dead sister.
Jack’s thoughts were abruptly shattered by the prosecutor’s voice. “Do you challenge any of the evidences or charges mentioned in the ‘bill of information’?” the prosecutor asked the defendant “Do you claim any of that evidence as fabricated?”
“No” the defendant half-Elf replied.
“Do you confess having a hand in the murder of elf-leader Martini?”
“I didn’t murder Martini” the defendant sobbed, “I was at the site, as a lookout to warn the other two elves in case of brewing trouble”.
“Who were the other two Elves?”
“I don’t know. None of us were disclosed the identity of the other two”.
“Who hired you?” the prosecutor asked sternly.
“I really don’t know his or her identity either. I was given a password for all necessary communications. We were hired for ‘prickly rose’ organization”.
Jack almost jumped at the mention of ‘prickly rose’. It was the sort of information Jack was waiting impatiently to come out during the proceeding. He knew instantly, without a trace of doubt, that the defendant was confessing the truth. It was the code name of one ‘sub-unit’ of Santa’s devilish unit headed by Belsnickel under Jack’s supervision. Jack had seen the file of enlisted personnel in ‘prickly rose’ himself. But nowhere was Mr.Alfonso Salfar’s name mentioned. That means Belsnickel merely hired them for that particular task, without intimating Jack.
Belsnickel defied my orders and interfered in Elf-land politics Jack concluded.
“…Would you like to say something in your defense?” the prosecutor asked.
Jack must have missed a few questions and replies in his deep thoughts. He tried to concentrate.
“I am only a pawn,” the defendant pleaded.
“Now speed up things a little,” the judge ordered, striking impatiently with his gavel “we are supposed to dispense instant justice”.
“Now coming to the second part of the charges” the prosecutor said hurriedly “who hired you for your secret operations, here in Russia?”
“Belsnickel” the defendant replied “he secretly commands Santa’s ‘Children’s International Association’”.
Jack became attentive instantly. The prosecutor stared at the defendant in disbelief.
“How can you be so sure? I mean……..…as you said earlier…” the prosecutor stammered.
“How can I be sure?” the defendant replied, “Because he hired me himself directly. And he wasn’t wearing any mask either”.
“This seems incredible!” The prosecutor blurted, “Why should he disclose his identity? Nobody does that”.
“I think Belsnickel was very confident that I won’t get caught, that’s why! He said to me “There is absolutely no risk. I am giving you a special dragon-shaped  sledge and black painted flying reindeers. They blend and disappear in the dark-it is perfect for camouflage. Dress like Santa and carry a filled sack on your back, while entering through chimneys at night; nobody would ever suspect. Besides, this sledge can soar so high, that it is impossible to detect with a binocular even in broad daylight……….Those were the exact words he said”.
“And what is the purpose of those poison pills?” the prosecutor asked.
“Those were given to me by Belsnickel. Those pills were meant for my personal use-just in case of capture! I had refused to carry them with me, but Belsnickel was persistent”.
“You think you can fool us?” the prosecutor snapped, “Only one tablet would have been sufficient for personal consumption. Why an entire pillbox full? And besides, if it was meant for personal use, then why didn't you commit suicide rather than getting caught?”
“Why should I? That was not a part of my deal with Belsnickel. He had hired me to distribute pamphlets, and draw sketches of the interiors of some marked establishments of Ded Moroz along my journey from Korvatunturi to Baba Dimri’s base in Afghanistan. I was not hired for suicidal mission”.
“Is it so?” the prosecutor frowned “Why were you carrying a pistol?” 
“To defend myself, if attacked on mission or to hunt in jungles in case my sledge crashed”.
“Why didn’t you carry older models like ‘wheel lock’ or ‘match lock’ pistols like most hunters?  I suppose, this was meant for assassination. Wouldn't you have pulled the trigger on Moroz’s men with the same ease as on a wild animal?”
The prosecutor didn’t appear to respect his promise of framing lesser charges and tried to capitalize on the issue instead. He took the pistol in his hand and displayed it to the assembled Jurors with great pride. He announced, “The accused is especially trained assassin of Belsnickel and Santa's secret agent”.
“I object, my Lord,” the defendant’s lawyer said, rising up from his seat “But as my client said, he is innocent. He is merely a pawn in the sinister game. It is the villainous Santa and Belsnickel who should be facing this trial”.
“I fully agree” the judge nodded “But you shall have opportunity to speak too, when you present your case. So please take your seat” the judge rebuked.
“I too agree on that point, my Lord” the prosecutor said, looking pleased “it is Santa and Belsnickel, who are the real culprits. What else can be expected from Santa Claus, who enters through chimneys at the dead of the night, like a thief? And keeping that in view, I was going to ask for not the maximum sentence for the defendant, but a reduced one, to show the entire world how generous Ded Moroz’ justice is!”
There was a commotion and whispers in the court gallery among the spectators.
“I should have guessed” Jack said to Barbarossa “Just look at the seats we are sitting on! These are not the normal, pew style simple wooden seats, but lavish theater seats. What is going to follow is a court drama, aimed at disgracing Santa Claus and glorifying Moroz. That’s what they had intended”.
Jack could no longer stay in the court. He felt impatient. No more relevant information was coming out. Besides, he had already found out what he was desperate for. He got up and started leaving abruptly.
“Aren’t you going to stay any further?” Barbarossa asked.
“You stay. I am leaving” Jack said.
Jack’s mind was churning and raging with raw emotions as he left the courtroom. He punched his fist against his palm. How right my friend Barbarossa was! By appointing Belsnickel and Koschei as heads of two rival espionage & strike units, I have indeed created a rivalry plot, with a self-propelling mechanism! Both of them are going beyond my control. They will destroy my goal!
He paused and took out the old, withered parchment once again from his pocket and unfolded it. “The same age, the same height, the same look…how is it possible?” He murmured to himself.
He stared at the parchment with moist eyes, and whispered nostalgically “oh my sweet sister!” Then he tucked it back in his pocket.
Hardly had he gone ten yards that he murmured again “I must keep both of them under control. I must. I must. I must!”

Back to top

Chapter 29
Look East Policy
Jack was very depressed about losing his support base in Elf-land. 
He was even more worried that Belsnickel and Koschei were going directly at each other’s throats and nefariously interfering in Elf-land politics by disobeying him. He was losing control over his two subordinates. All his initial successes were being rapidly washed away, and the situation was turning into a disaster for him.
Disaster seldom strikes alone Jack thought depressively; almost breaking down mentally Setbacks follow one after another to reinforce the complications. Jack hadn’t been able to sleep properly for last few days. Neither did he find any peace of mind. The memories of being chained to the pillars and being whipped mercilessly by Devil’s torturers flashed in his mind repeatedly. That’s what my fate has in store for me in future as well. I shall never have my revenge or rise above an underdog. All my efforts have gone down the gutter.
Jack visited Baba Yaga in a state of mental turmoil.
“What’s your problem?” Baba Yaga asked.
“My goal seems like a distant hill” Jack said, “the more I walk towards it, the more it seems to recede away from me”.
“I can give you a simple solution” Baba Yaga said “keep an eye on the distant hill, but don’t focus on it. Focus on the nearest tree on your path. And once you have crossed it, focus on the next one. This way, one day you’ll have travelled farther than you had imagined”.
Baba Yaga looked at Jack’s depressed face. “So what’s your next plan?” she said “what’s that nearest tree?”
“I don’t know” Jack shrugged his shoulder helplessly “committing suicide seems an option”.
“Committing suicide requires guts, Jack” Baba Yaga rebuffed “and so does the willingness to struggle endlessly against bad luck and continue living. In fact, the determination to see what the hell is coming next requires more courage”.
Baba Yaga patted Jack’s shoulder “when you find swimming upstream to your destination impossible, try to reach for the safety of the nearest bank” she mentored Jack “or else, allow your limbs some rest and go with the flow”.
She lowered her tone to a sympathetic one “Look at me Jack. Once I was young and beautiful. Do you think it was the dream of my heart to become a wizened witch that I have become today?” she let out a deep sigh “Fate does have a strong say in your destination”.
Jack composed himself and discussed Koschei’s hand in the killing of Kandy, the leader of the dark elves, while carefully avoiding mentioning anything about Belsnickel and the assassination of Martini.
Baba Yaga seemed quite unwilling to listen to accusations against her trusted aide Koschei. After a while, she bluntly retorted, “Koshei is my most faithful follower. I need a tough guy to fight wicked Santa Claus”.
She dismissed all allegations and evidences against Koschei as baseless and lacking concrete proof.
Jack almost lost his patience after fruitless arguments. “Why can’t you replace Koschei with someone more suitable?” Jack asked boldly “What makes him so special to you?”
“Replace Koschei?!” Baba Yaga repeated, as if she didn’t believe what she heard and stared at Jack’s face for a long time.
“Out of question!” Baba Yaga snapped furiously “And what makes him special?” Baba Yaga stared offensively at Jack and said “Koschei is not a mortal-that’s why he is special!”
“That’s only your belief!” Jack shot back “Everybody is mortal”.
“But not Koschei” she said in a boasting tone “he has hidden his soul inside an iron trunk, which lies safely buried in an unknown location under a huge green-oak tree in the vanishing island of ‘Buyan’ amidst-” she paused abruptly “let’s stop further discussion on this subject” she snapped.
Baba Yaga closed her eyes, took a deep breath and changed her topic “I haven’t yet thanked you enough for your support in electing me ‘President of the Witches’. I shall like to repay you properly”.
Baba Yaga smiled, revealing her missing teeth and displaying one metallic tooth. “We were debating hotly on nonsense issue, while so much opportunity lies ahead for you Jack. I’ll strongly advise you to rise from an underdog before thinking of challenging Devil. First of all, firmly establish yourself as ‘unchallenged’ leader of your own Halloween world”.
“Would you kindly make it clearer?” Jack asked cautiously. He strongly doubted that like her previous selfish demand of trading off the scepter of elf-land, something must be hatching in her complicated mind. I believe in give and take her words rang in Jack’s mind.
“Forget your apprehension about Koschei” Baba Yaga replied, “Let me repeat…consolidating your position and power in your own ‘Halloween world’ is more important now”.
A tray of tea arrived hovering as she spoke. She picked up the cup of steaming tea and the blue rose from the tray. “As I said earlier” she said “when you can’t make headway upstream, reach for the safety of the nearest bank, lest you should get drowned”.
Baba Yaga placed the blue-petal rose close to her nose and took a long sniff, slowly. Then she pressed one side of her nose and exhaled out a deep breath. She looked relaxed. 
“Have you ever heard of ‘Teng Chieh’- the Chinese Halloween?” she asked casually.
“Er…I mean…no” Jack admitted reluctantly.
Baba Yaga smiled. “Till now, only the western ‘Halloween creatures’ regard you as their spiritual leader. A whole new world of opportunity lies in the east” she spoke enthusiastically in a guardian like tone.
Jack felt some comfort at Baba Yaga’s mentor like behavior. But he also had a deep fear and a lurking suspicion that she might be playing a cat & mouse game: just like a cat, which allows the wounded mouse some rest and even helps it rise on its feet to prolong the play and then deliver the fatal bite for supper.
“You should ‘look east’ now” Baba Yaga continued, “Since you aren’t able to make headway with your plans, head for China”.
Baba Yaga dipped the blue rose in her cup, stirred it gently and took a sip from the cup, pursing her lips. “I have one good friend, a Taoist Priest, who shall introduce you to Chinese Vampires and other oriental dark creatures” she said. She put the rose in her mouth, chewed it and swallowed it. “Form alliance with them, to strengthen your position” she said.
“There is one problem” Jack said “I am in Devil’s service now. I’ll have to apply for leave. How long do you think I’ll have to spend in the orient?”
Baba Yaga scratched her white hairs with her long nails “Hmmm…well…there are dozens of excuses to choose from to avail leave……….you will require at least three weeks leave. I know it will be very difficult, but manage it somehow”.

Back to top

Chapter 30
Adventures in China
Several days later, Jack and Barbarossa arrived in China. Barbarossa stayed at the infamous village inn, while Jack visited the priest’s house.
Jack called the priest’s name aloud, and knocked several times.
Nobody answered.
Jack entered the room of the Taoist priest. A strong repugnant odor hung in the air. Jack placed his handkerchief on his nose. A low buzzing and humming noise of houseflies entered his ears.
There were several stretchers laid on the floor. There was a corpse on each stretcher.
Jack observed that each one of them had a piece of yellow paper struck on his forehead, with something scribbled on it in Chinese. 
Jack bent down and started examining the scribbled notes very minutely, as if trying to decipher them. Jack noticed that each one of the corpses had long, razor sharp, black fingernails. One of them was lying down with his mouth open and his head turned sideways. An excessively long, red tongue lolled out.
Jack held the yellow paper in his finger to feel its texture. He was still holding the paper, when he sneezed suddenly, removing the paper from the head accidentally. 
Instantly the corpse sprang alive, opened its mouth wide open, displayed sharp teeth and fang-like canines and grabbed Jack by his shoulder.
Jack felt a shearing pain in his shoulder.
The corpse aimed at Jack’s jugular vein and snapped its mouth.
Jack shrugged his shoulder and dodged at the nick of the moment to avoid a fatal bite.
Jack freed himself from the clutches of the sharp nails with a mighty jolt. He felt as if his flesh has been slashed with a scalpel as he ran towards the door.
Jack dashed out into the field, running as fast as he could. He looked back and saw that the corpse was chasing him by hopping frantically and was fast overtaking him.
“Hold your breath!” someone shouted at Jack.
“What?” Jack shouted back, still running as fast as he could and breathing heavily.
“Hold your breath!”
Jack saw a Taoist priest running after them, cupping his hand over his mouth and shouting at Jack loudly.
Jack was panting for a breath, but he obeyed instantly. He held his nose and mouth tightly with his hands.
The corpse was now within a few feet from Jack, sniffing the air like a hunter dog.
Jack was almost suffocating to death.
Every moment seemed like hours.
He felt like someone was strangling him with a noose round his neck.
The corpse was displaying its fierce teeth, licking its lips like an attacking wolf and was almost at Jack’s neck.
Jack felt as if his lungs were being squeezed and the air from them was being sucked out.
By now, the priest had approached the corpse from behind, silently like a cat.
The corpse turned around.
Instantly, the priest leapt forward and stuck a yellow paper on the forehead of the corpse, and sprinkled some rice grains on it.
All of a sudden, the corpse stood still like a statue and then slowly collapsed.  
“That’s a Jiang-shi” the priest explained “a Chinese vampire”.
* * *
Next evening, the Taoist priest brought Jack and Barbarossa to the gates of the moss covered and dilapidated wall, which enclosed the palace.
“This is the royal palace of the emperor of the Chinese vampires” the priest said.  
Jack observed that the palace compound was an enormous piece of ancient Chinese architecture. The massive wall enclosing the palace was now in ruins, with small trees taking roots at several places. Several pagoda-shaped lofty buildings towered over the wall.
The Taoist priest took out a tiffin-box shaped container and opened its lid.
“Now smear this thick paste on your face and other exposed parts” the priest said.
Barbarossa put three fingers inside the yellowish white, jelly-like paste and involuntarily brought his fingers close to his nose. “What’s this?” Barbarossa asked in disgust “I feel like vomiting!”
“Huh!” the priest snapped angrily “This is what will save your life. I have prepared this sticky rice soup, boiled in horse urine. This will repel their desire to dig their canines and suck your blood”.
The Taoist priest introduced them to the two Jiangshi guards standing outside the closed iron door with crossed spears.
Jack observed the greenish-white furry skin of both the guards.
“We have come from far away” Jack said, “We wish to meet the mighty emperor of the Jiang- Shi. Allow us to appear at his royal court and convey our message”.
The glowing pumpkin ‘Jack-o-lantern’ in Jack’s hand attracted the attention of the guard.
“What’s this?” the guard asked.
“This is a gift for the emperor of the ‘Jiang Shi’. It’s like Chinese lantern” Jack said.
“I’ll have to ask my superior whether it is to be allowed inside” the guard replied “By the way, I’ll have to ask whether you people are allowed either! I’ll be back soon”. Saying this he knocked at the massive brass knocker with the wooden end of his spear. 
The gate opened, and he hopped towards his senior’s cabin.
He came back almost immediately.
“Sorry folks, foreigners are not allowed”.
“But we have some urgent matters”. Jack protested.
“Didn’t you hear what I said?” the guard displayed his fangs and terribly sharp teeth and pointed his spear “foreigners aren’t allowed. And I hate your disgusting smell”.
* * *
As they were walking along the dimly lit corridor towards the royal court, Barbarossa complained in a suppressed whisper “This is unfair Jack. Most unfair! Even at the last moment you are keeping me in the dark about your plans”.
Jack smiled and winked.
“Why won’t you disclose your plans to me?” Barbarossa snapped with deep irritation.
“Have faith in me, Barbarossa” Jack replied.
* * *
When they entered the royal court, courtesans for royal entertainment were performing a court dance.
All of a sudden, everything came to a standstill. The graceful hopping movements and stiffened-muscle (rigor mortis) type movements of the lady ‘Jiangshi’ dancers came to a grinding halt. A few of them lost their steps and fell on the floor. Everyone stared at them as if they have come from a different world.
The sudden interruption of the court dance angered the Jiangshi emperor and he threw his drinking glass on the carpet, spilling red blood.
“Who are you and why do you come here to interrupt our pleasure?” the emperor shouted, fuming with anger.
Jack introduced himself briefly and said “I came to beg your favor for unity between Western and Oriental vampires, and a promise to help each other in times of need”.
“But tell me truly, where you came from!” the emperor thundered “From the other-world, or the underworld?”
“I told you already, I belong to the Western world” Jack said. 
“Stop uttering lies. There is only one empire in this world-the Chinese Empire”
“But believe me, noble emperor” Jack pleaded, “There indeed is a Western civilization, to which I belong”.
“That’s enough! I don’t believe it” the ‘Jiangshi’ emperor burst out with anger “and even if there is another empire in the west, your proposal is not worth considering” the emperor displayed his fiercely sharp, bloodstained teeth “Unity?! Huh! Even in his wildest imagination, and in a state of intoxication, our court poet wrote ‘East is east and west is west; only in battlefield hell shall we meet’. Bah!!”
“Please O noble emperor-“
“That’s more than enough! Intolerable!” the emperor roared, “we drink the blood of foreigners. But you people are so disgustingly bad smelling, that I have decided to spill your blood at the altar. Guards!!”
Instantly, five guards seized them like hawks. The razor sharp, long nails of their hands almost got hooked in their flesh.
The three of them shrieked in agony. Barbarossa turned his face towards Jack and cried in pain “Was this your plans?” The tone of accusation resonated as he almost broke in a sob.
“Take them away” the emperor ordered, “prepare for the sacrifice”.
As they were being dragged away, Jack shouted “O noble emperor, won’t you grant us our last wish?”
“What’s it?” the emperor said, seething with anger.
“I must whisper it in your ears” Jack pleaded “it’s for your ears only, O son of heaven”.
The emperor grumbled and remained silent.
“Besides, before I die…” Jack took out the small box of vermilion, which was given to him as a ‘lucky charm’ by the cave-dwelling oracle “…I wish to apply this on your forehead, which befits the king of heavens”.
The emperor considered resentfully for a while and then winked consent at the guards.
Jack went up to the emperors throne, knelt and bowed down, and then applied a pinch of the vermilion on the emperor’s forehead. Then he whispered something in the emperor’s ears and touched his fist lightly on the emperor’s forehead.
The Jiangshi emperor rose from his throne in a trance like state and fell on his knees with folded hands.
All the courtiers stared at each other’s face in utter surprise.
Jack signaled Barbarossa to bring the glowing pumpkin ‘Jack-o-Lantern’. Then he held it high, and looked commandingly at the emperor. 
The emperor rose and addressed his courtiers “All of you bow down before that lantern” 
Everyone was stunned, but nobody obeyed.
The emperor’s eyes started growing red with anger at their disobedience. The tension in the atmosphere started rising. The royal court became so silent that one could hear one’s own heartbeat and buzzing sound inside the ears. The emperor shook with anger and his jaw muscles twitched uncontrollably. His neck muscles appeared now and then like stretched strings, and a grinding sound emerged from his jaws.
“That’s my order!” the emperor thundered “whoever disobeys to bow down before that lantern does so at his life’s peril”.
One by one the courtiers fell on their knees.
“I have some message for the private ears of the prime minister too, dear emperor” Jack said.
“Whatever you wish my lord!” the emperor said and kissed Jack’s feet. Then he rose up and addressed his courtiers “from now onwards, Jack shall be the supreme spiritual leader of our land”.
Jack walked towards the prime minister and said “I wish to whisper something in your ears too”.
The prime minister stood adamantly with deep suspicion in his eyes.
“How dare you disobey?” the emperor shouted, “lower your ear down to his mouth”.
The prime minister obeyed with extreme reluctance. He recoiled away from Jack initially, but as his eyes met the glowing red eyes of the emperor, he stood still. Jack whispered something and touched his forehead. Instantly, the prime minister fell on his knees and bowed down his head.
Jack addressed the gathered courtiers “So who is in command of the army?”
“I am” a fierce looking Jiangshi, dressed like a military general, stepped forward “I am the commander-in-chief”.
Jack saw the distrust in his eyes.
“Dispatch half of your Jiangshi army” Jack ordered, “I mean the fiercest half… to the old ports of Varna and Constanta in the black sea, to build strategic military bases. And send around a dozen of fiercest ‘Chinese battle Dragons’. Also send skilled craftsmen to erect forts near those cities”.
“What for?” the commander frowned “and besides, I take orders only from the prime minister or the emperor himself”
“Is it?” Jack frowned too, and turned at the emperor.
“Permission granted” the emperor nodded in a deep trance. The commander bowed to Jack, grunting and looking angry.
“Anything else we can do for you?” the prime minister asked Jack eagerly.
“Those three commands I gave” Jack replied “are my chief commands to the commander-in-chief”.
“And it shall be your task to supply rations and funds to maintain a standing army” Jack addressed the prime minister again “and better start right now-it’s almost a thousand miles along the ancient ‘silk route’ and across the strait of Dardanelles”.
The prime minister bowed down in submission, lolled out his long red tongue like a dog and indeed looked like a pet dog obediently following its master’s orders.
* * *
After Jack, Barbarossa and the Taoist priest came out of the palace gate, and the massive iron door closed behind them, Barbarossa said, “It was absolutely unbelievable! What did you whisper in their ears, Jack?”
“Nonsense!” Jack replied.
“Is that what you whispered?” Barbarossa stared at Jack in disbelief.
Jack broke into guffaws of laughter. “What I mean to say is” Jack explained, “the whispering business is plain nonsense” Saying this, Jack took out a grain of rice from his pocket and handed it to Barbarossa.
Then he handed over a magnifying glass. He observed the amazement on Barbarossa’s face and said, “It is called ‘rice writing’. I learnt about it in Krampus’s training school. And here I learned about enslaving ‘Chinese vampires’ by sticking yellow parchments with ancient verses. The entire verse from those yellow parchments has been inscribed on this. With a few modifications of course! The mantra for putting them in coma has been changed to make them obedient followers. Only one master’s name has been mentioned in these verses”.
“And that’s your name I suppose” Barbarossa said.
Jack smiled and continued, “It’s lucky that while carrying out their thorough checking, they missed this one, which I hid under my sleeves”. Jack displayed a small syringe-like hand held device “It took a split of a second, the time you take to wink your eye, to implant the rice grains under the skins of their foreheads”.
Jack winked at Barbarossa and continued “And the most remarkable thing is: Rice grain, which is used in ‘rice writing’, is also a key ingredient for keeping Jiangshi under control. What a coincidence!” 
“Now both the emperor and the prime minister are under our control” Barbarossa said enthusiastically. 
“Yes. But I want you to implant some more topmost officials for safety reasons” Jack said “they might conclude soon that their emperor and prime minister have gone mad and try to oust both of them”.
“But Jack, are you confident that your plan won’t snap?” the Taoist priest expressed his doubt.
“History is witness” Jack replied “when crazy despots take over, and enough mad officials follow without questioning, then madness becomes the new norm of the land; the acceptable order”.

Back to top

Chapter 31
Swayambhara in India
“Let me introduce both of you to my friend” the Taoist priest said, pointing his palm “he is my friend-a ‘Tantric’ from India”.
“A what?” Jack asked.
“A Tantric. He came here for inviting me to attend a very special ‘Swayambhara’. Since I am unable to go presently, I recommended you two instead”.
“A swayam- what?” Jack asked “And what’s ‘Tantric’?”
“Ah, you shall soon find out” the Taoist priest said “Better pack your belongings immediately. He is leaving right now”.
“Where shall we head to?” Barbarossa asked.
“To India of course!” the Tantric snapped “in the state of Assam, in North-East of India”. He turned to the Taoist priest and said, “I shall deeply feel your absence. It’s a once in life opportunity-you simply shouldn’t have missed it”.
“I deeply regret it myself” the Taoist priest said “but I must honor my commitment and deliver my fresh batch of ‘Jiangshi’ vampires to the royal palace”. 
“We’ll have to cross the mighty Himalayas to visit India” Jack expressed his doubt “and we two don’t have any mountaineering equipments-“
“Don’t overwork your brains” the Tantric said with deep irritation “leave that to me”.
Within ten minutes, they had packed everything and said ‘goodbye’ to the Taoist priest.
* * *
They entered the dense forest adjacent to the Taoist priest’s village and came upon a bathtub-sized saucer lying in a small clearing, well hidden from view.
The upper half of it also looked like an inverted saucer. It had a small door on one side, and several small transparent windows.
“It will take us there” the Tantric said.
“This?” Jack said with deep skepticism “it has no wheels, no horses attached. It doesn’t even look like a carriage!”
The Tantric frowned at Jack, and ordered “let’s all get inside this with our luggage”
“All of us!” This time Barbarossa expressed his surprise “How can all of us get inside that small saucer?”
“I am not used to being ridiculed” the Tantric snapped “and regarding your question of how; this is how!” The Tantric opened the door and picking up one rucksack, he threw it inside.
Instantly, the saucer grew a bit larger like an inflatable raft, as if it were made of some highly elastic yet tough material.
He threw another luggage inside.
It grew still bigger in size.
“This is a ‘Vimana Rath’, constructed as per the instructions mentioned in the Vedas” the Tantric announced proudly “it is an example of the marvelous technology of our highly advanced ancient civilization. We are not just a nation of ‘snake charmers’ and ‘Maharajas’ and…now will you people stop gazing at my face and do me the favor of getting inside!”
Jack and Barbarossa obeyed instantly.
The Tantric got inside quickly and slammed the door with a metallic bang. The ‘Vimana’ started rising in the air and moving forward.
The ‘Vimana’ continued to soar higher and higher and travelling faster and faster till it disappeared out of view.
Contrary to the Tantric’s claim, Jack was not feeling quite comfortable and spacious inside. He could not stretch his legs, but dared not complain and over-stretch the Tantric’s tolerance. He was continually gazing through the window and wondering at the sight below through the gaping circular hole beneath his seat.
Jack observed the Tantric pulling the strings and levers, and was a bit nervous that a wrong pull of the lever might send him hurtling downward through the hole.
“Shall we face language problem in India?” Barbarossa asked Jack “I don’t understand Hindustani or any regional language”
“Neither do I” Jack whispered “But I don’t think that will be a problem. I heard that after more than a century of British rule, they speak our tongue fluently”.
An hour later, they were flying over the snow covered, mighty Himalayas.
Half an hour later, the saucer started descending among the lush-green, dense forest.
It hovered above the ground and landed safely in a small clearing in front of a mighty, old banyan tree.
It was the first time in his life, that Jack saw such an amazing tree. It was a gigantic tree, covering several hectares. Roots were propagating downward from the branches. Several roots had touched the ground and have become huge trunks themselves. The tree was standing on so many trunks, that it was difficult to determine which the main trunk was. And standing above the branches was a wooden tree house.
The Tantric glanced at Jack’s face, and seeing the wonder in his eyes he explained, “This tree is centuries old. The main trunk has been eaten away by termites. Now it is standing on the secondary ones” He paused, folded his hand and bowed his head down to the banyan tree “Banyan tree is very sacred. People worship it on full moon night” he explained “…and that’s my house” he pointed at the tree house.
Jack was so amazed at the tree, that he hadn’t paid much attention to the tree house. He took a good look at the house.
Suddenly it occurred to him that there were no stairs or ladder up to the verandah.
“Shall we have to climb the tree to reach it?” Jack asked.
“What?!” the Tantric snapped with an angry outburst “You want to climb the sacred tree with your dirty hands and feet? Are you a monkey or what?!”
The Tantric counted his fingers slowly, drawing deep breath, and calmed himself. “Of course not!” the Tantric said, “Haven’t you ever heard of Indian rope dance?”
“No…I mean…er…no…” Jack stammered, fearing that it might offend the Tantric “…that is to say…not till now” Jack said, expecting another angry outburst.
“Then watch this,” the Tantric said. He took out a cane basket and a flute from the Vimana. He went underneath the house, opened the lid of the basket, placed it on the ground and started playing his flute.
One end of a rope ladder started rising upwards from the cane basket like a snake, swaying with the tune of the flute.
Jack and Barbarossa gazed in wonder.
When it touched the verandah, the Tantric said “Now both of you climb those ladders with your luggage. Have some good rest and some meal if you wish. There are a dozen ripe bananas on the table”. The Tantric said ‘a dozen ripe bananas’ with a suppressed smile while looking at Jack, as if he really considered Jack as a red-faced monkey without its tail.
“After the evening falls” the Tantric continued “I shall take both of you to the grand feast of the Swayambhara-the ghostly contest. Meanwhile, I’ll do some meditation”.
After they had arranged their luggage and made themselves comfortable, Jack stood at the verandah and gazed below.
The Tantric was sitting in a squatting position on a tiger skin. There were two human skulls and one trident placed in erect position in front of him. He had closed his eyes and was lost in deep meditation.
* * *
Jack observed that some of the ghosts were young and good-looking, just like normal humans, though they were made of mist and smoke. But some of them looked sinister and frightening. One of them didn’t have a head on his shoulder and had large eyes on his chest, in place of his nipples.
“They have to complete three impossible tasks” the Tantric explained.
He took Jack and Barbarossa to the first stage. “They have to utter ‘Rama’ thrice”.
“Utter Rama, Rama, Rama? What does that mean?” Jack asked “And what’s so impossible about it?”
“Well Jack, you have already passed the first test, by uttering ‘Rama’ thrice” the tantric laughed “But you know, it isn’t so easy for Indian ghosts! It’s the holy name of a Hindu lord, which ghosts fear most-now watch!”
A ghost went gliding along, and occupied the center stage. He kept hovering a few inches over the chair.
The ghost loudly uttered “Rama, Rama, Rama”. The misty body started becoming more transparent. The ghost gave out a blood-chilling wail and disappeared in the air. Vanished out of sight! Gone!
The Tantric took them to the next makeshift bamboo and canvas stage.
“This is the next task. They have to touch that iron,” the Tantric said, pointing to a huge iron bar laid on a wooden block.
“You mean they have to lift that heavy bar?” Jack asked.
“No; only touch it” the Tantric replied.
“Is this an impossible task?” Jack asked in disbelief.
“If nothing of these seems tough to you, Jack…” the Tantric frowned “…why don’t you try to win the contest, and take over the leadership of their powerful clan?”
“Nonsense!” Jack said, “I am not even allowed to contest”.
“Who said?” the Tantric snapped, “Anybody who had died once can contest. And as my friend, the Taoist priest confided to me, you had a ‘death and rebirth’ experience”.
Barbarossa sprang on his feet on hearing this. “Ah, what an opportunity, Jack! Grasp it. Don’t let it pass!”
“Shut up” Jack snapped.
Barbarossa replied in a serious tone “I know you won’t care for this, but if you win the contest…of course you will emerge victorious in this ‘Swayambara’…you will become legal heir to this powerful clan”. Then he lowered his tone and said, “do you remember what Baba Yaga advised? Consolidating your position in your own dark world is of paramount importance”.
Jack frowned at Barbarossa. Then turning towards the Tantric, he asked in a humorous tone “and what’s the third impossible task?”
“They have to drink fermented liquor brewed with the holy water of the river Ganga” the Tantric replied.
“Then that’s an impossible task for me too” Jack said in a grave tone “I have been strictly sober now for centuries!”
The Tantric stared hard at Jack’s determined face and then said “the alcoholic content is very low” his voice was solemn “It is the holy water content which they fear, just like vampires”.
Jack was extremely reluctant to contest. But Barbarossa was equally determined. And the Tantric, having already been offended by Jack’s sneering about the difficulty level of the tests, and having found out Jack’s weakness about alcohol, was equally adamant to force Jack to contest.
It was a two versus one situation: one was pulling Jack, the other pushing Jack.
Finally Jack entered as a late contestant.
The results were as expected.
There were three final contestants left, including Jack. A lottery was held. Jack would be the last to try the holy brew.
The first ghost forced a cup-full of the liquor down his throat, vomited profusely, holding his stomach and writhing in pain, and rolling on the ground.
The second ghost drank, moaned and fainted, with his eyes bursting out of the socket.
Jack remained standing on his feet, with his face twitching in disgust.
With a flourish of trumpets, beating of drums and blowing of conches, thousands of ghosts started encircling Jack. With a shower of flowers they welcomed their new hero. With burning earthen-lamps placed on plates, they moved them round and round vertically around Jack’s face as a symbol of grand welcome.
Then the chief of the ghost clan came forward, holding the hand of a lady dressed in red Sari. Even her face was fully covered with her Sari. Only her fair, slender hands were visible. She was wearing a bunch of bangles in her hands. She was adorned with heavy golden necklaces and ornaments around her neck, and was decorated with flowers like a bride.
The chief placed a garland round Jack’s neck. Then addressing the celebrating ghosts, he said, “Jack is my heir. I announce him the next chief of our ghost clan”
Jack was barely able to suppress his jubilation. He was feeling like a Roman hero, wearing a wreath of laurel around his head, riding a chariot with the conquered enemies chained to his chariot.
“And besides…” the chief continued, “all other clans of ghosts, who accept our supremacy and pay us homage, shall automatically acknowledge Jack as the new spiritual leader”
Jack was bursting with joy. He had really succeeded in extending his influence deep in Eastern world as well.
“But my greatest pleasure….” The chief continued, “…is to announce that Jack has won the hands of my daughter. Jack is so young, barely an adolescent and handsome too-an ideal groom! He will marry my beautiful daughter”.
Jack was thunderstruck.
Jack stood motionless; his head spinning with confusion. He stared at the chief with eyes wide open and his mouth constricting and widening, as if gasping for breath. He looked as if a bullet had pierced through his chest, or he had received a severe hammer-blow on his head.
“Marry?” Jack stammered, “of course I am not marrying”.
The chief stared at Jack’s face for a while, and then broke out in laughter. “My son-in-law has a nice sense of humor” he said to the assembled ghosts “he loves joking”
“But I am not joking” Jack said, “I am dead serious”.
“Then why did you contest the ‘Swayambhara’?”
Suddenly everything became clear to Jack. And as the harsh truth dawned upon Jack, he turned to the Tantric angrily and shouted “why didn’t you tell me about the attached strings?”
“Don’t blame me” the Tantric replied, hiding his cunning smiles “you didn’t ask me. And besides everyone knows what a ‘Swayambhara’ is! You are a fool if you don’t”.
“But how the hell am I supposed to know?” Jack tried to defend himself “I am not well acquainted with Indian culture”.
“You didn’t answer me” the chief of the ghosts shouted at Jack “why did you contest the ‘Swayambhara’?”
“Only to become your heir” Jack spoke guiltily.
“What?” the chief fumed with anger “only to become the chief, you contested? You greedy swine!”
By now, hundreds of ghosts were hovering around Jack, encircling him with threatening gestures and displaying angry looks. Some of them were draped in copper chains, which they were clanking and raising blood-chilling cries of anger.
Jack looked at the ghost bride. Even though her face was fully covered with her Sari, Jack understood that she was weeping. Jack’s heart softened a bit.
“Let me see her face” Jack pleaded to the chief.
“What!” the ghost-chief thundered in anger “How dare you?”
“What’s wrong with that?” Jack protested.
“What’s wrong?!” the chief burst with anger “You think we can allow you to see her face before the marriage is over? To gaze at her beauty!? She is a virgin, you swine!”
Barbarossa stepped forward, pulled Jack’s sleeves and whispered “Jack! Jack! For heaven’s sake, be sensible. Just look around you”.
“Those were not impossible tasks for me” Jack said “what seems impossible to me is the idea of marrying a ‘ghost bride’. And that too, without seeing her face!”
“Don’t press hard, Jack” Barbarossa blurted “You’ll have lots of occasions to see her face after marriage” Barbarossa added hastily.
“How can you refuse to marry?” the chief shouted at Jack. The voice was so booming and thunderous that it almost burst Jack’s eardrums, and gave a kick to his heart, almost stopping its beats. “You want to spoil my virgin daughter’s life? As per the rules of the contest, she can never marry again!”
“Oh, what a gamble I’ll be playing by marrying without even seeing the bride’s face!” Jack said, almost breaking down.
“Life is a gamble, Jack” Barbarossa said.
“She is stunningly beautiful” the chief said in an assuring tone. As if by magic, the chief’s anger seemed to have vanished instantly, and he smiled at Jack and winked.
“Which father will ever confess, that her daughter is not beautiful?” Jack said in a sarcastic tone.
Jack stood confused and motionless, unable to decide what to do next. 
The smile on the chief’s face started evaporating away. His face stiffened like a rock-solid cliff face. He came closer to Jack and whispered in cold anger “If you don’t marry, I’ll have you draped in chains and bury you ten feet deep under the mud of that rotting pond. I swear!” The vengeance in his tone was impossible to ignore.
Barbarossa pulled Jack’s sleeves again “Public personalities can barely make personal choices, Jack. And you are a public personality-the spiritual leader of all Halloween creatures” Barbarossa said, “They have to sacrifice their personal life for greater goals, for greater good. Only by self-sacrifice and greater concern for the community, rather than selfish considerations, one really deserves the title of hero”.
Jack’s head was spinning and he was about to collapse at the rapid development of unexpected events. He held to Barbarossa for support.
“This is the acid-test Jack. Don’t retract your steps” Barbarossa pleaded, “Go right ahead. Accept the challenge life has thrown on you. Grasp the opportunity”.
Jack hesitated.
“You have lost some influence over Western dark creatures to Devil” Barbarossa said, “Lost blood has to be replaced by new blood. Didn’t Baba Yaga advise you similarly? Form this matrimonial alliance with Indian ghosts”.
Barbarossa’s advice resonated in Jacks’ mind. This advice is like a precious jewel! Jack thought.
“And even if you don’t care for all my advices, at least consider this” Barbarossa said, “You are the spiritual leader of Halloween. Vampires, and ghouls and werewolves and ghosts…all pay tribute to you like faithful subjects. Then how can you view ‘ghost marriage’ below your dignity?”
Jack was thunderstruck; he lost all further arguments.
The Tantric stepped forward “You won’t become an outlaw in your Halloween world by marrying a ‘ghost bride’, Jack. Rather, you will become a proper in-law” he smiled and winked at Jack. “Ghost marriage is practiced round the world-from China to Sudan to France” the Tantric added “and of course here in India!”
Jack looked at the bride again and gazed at the glass bangles on her fair, slender hands.

Back to top

Chapter 32
Baba Yaga’s demand
After completing successful jorneys in China and India, Jack returned triumphantly to meet Baba Yaga.
“A wedding ring?” Baba Yaga eyed the silver ring on Jack’s finger.
“Yes!”
“I have already received the news that your journeys were successful. Congratulations, Jack!” Baba Yaga smiled “if you heed my advice as you did, you have the key to success”.
“My success in the orient has greatly boosted my position and power” Jack said. He was brimming with gratitude and was rubbing his wedding ring between his thumb and index finger with his other hand. He smiled and said to Baba Yaga “How can I ever thank you?”
“Do you really want to repay my friendship?” Baba Yaga asked with a cunning smile around her lips “Then give me your wedding ring”.
“What!!” Jack jerked back his hand and hid his ring instantly with his other palm. He gazed at Baba Yaga’s face with his eyes and mouth wide open.
Baba Yaga broke into peals of laughter “You fool, I was only joking! What has happened to your sense of humor?”
Jack recovered almost instantly; his ears had turned red at having over-reacted to a bad tasting, teasing comment.
Jack cleared his throat and said “But I wasn’t joking. I really wished to thank you properly for opening the doors of a new world of opportunities to me”.
“You have already pleased me; by making me president of the witches” Baba Yaga said “I shall ask nothing more for myself. But still, if you really insist, then arrange money for Ded Moroz”.
“Pardon me?” Jack said.
“Ded Moroz needs money to continue his role as ‘Russian Father Christmas’. Lots of money!” Baba Yaga said, “His coffers have started drying up. He is heading towards a financial crisis”.
“Is it really necessary for Moroz to compete neck and neck with Santa Claus?” Jack said.
“Our Russian culture is at stake” Baba Yaga said, “If Ded Moroz doesn’t get instant monetary support, Santa Claus will take over. Invade our holy Russian territory”.
The initially friendly expressions on Baba Yaga’s face had vanished and she was now looking like a fierce, wizened crone. Her eyes were burning like glowing coal and her voice was toxic.
“I want you to approach Devil” Baba Yaga said “and arrange money on loan for Ded Moroz”.
Jack was cursing himself. Why the hell did I talk to Baba Yaga about repaying my gratitude? He tried to console himself Baba Yaga would have made this demand anyway even if I hadn’t provided her the opportunity.
“But please” Jack pleaded to Baba Yaga “are you not behaving like Moroz’s enemy rather than a well-wisher? Just consider: he will spiral into Devil’s clutches by borrowing Devil’s money”.
“To remain in the Christmas arena with Santa, even if Moroz has to sell his soul, I won’t regret” Baba Yaga’s looks were really fear arousing. 
“Both me and Ded Moroz are an integral part of Russian culture” she said harshly “If we start losing ground, than twenty years from now, our names may be forgotten from all households in Russia. Mothers and grandmothers won’t tell stories of us when lulling their children to sleep”.
* * *
When Jack left Baba Yaga, he was feeling depressed. Baba Yaga is trying to exploit my goodwill gesture Jack thought. Jack was absolutely disgusted over this unreasonable demand of Baba Yaga.
“I’ll just return back a few days later, and tell her a lie that Devil has refused” Jack murmured to himself.
“But no. I can’t. She simply will refuse to believe” Jack contradicted himself the next moment. I simply can’t afford to make my mentor angry at this moment Jack thought.
Jack placed his hand on his chin and gazed at the carpet silently. I should approach someone else for loan. But then, who else will open his coffer without hesitation for Ded Moroz?
Jack was submerged in a deep dilemma. The more he thought over it, the less hopeful the situation seemed. Baba Yaga’s guess is right. Only Devil has a personal motive for providing loan to Moroz to achieve his own malicious goals. But what she failed to guess is that Ded Moroz won’t win. Devil will try to counterbalance with Santa Claus somehow.
Jack got up. I’ll approach Devil for loan. But this is the last time I am yielding to her whimsical demand. I swear this is the last time.

Back to top

Chapter 33
Devil’s loans
When Jack arrived, Devil was having some discussions with Beelzebub. Jack waited silently, hoping for a private discussion with Devil.
“It’s all right Jack” Devil said, smartly guessing Jack’s hesitation; “Beelzebub is my trusted advisor. You can speak in front of him”.
Jack expressed his request, which Devil refused bluntly.
“Why should I offer loans to Ded Moroz? What will I gain?” Devil said with a frown “I appointed you to milk the cash rich cows. But isn’t the table turning around Jack?” 
“Do you want Ded Moroz to collapse immediately, and let him go begging to Santa for help?” Jack said defensively, and watched Devil’s reaction. Jack shrugged his shoulder and continued “Anyway, I heard that Santa Claus and his immensely rich cousin Sinterklaas are planning to give economic packages to buy Ded Moroz’s friendship” Jack said, stressing on the word ‘buy’.
Devil thought silently for a few moments and said “You speak cleverly Jack” and puffed deeply at his supersized black cigar.
“And who knows…” Jack continued, “…Maybe your little help can improve things rapidly. Ded Moroz is in close touch with gift distributors of Poland and Hungary and Eastern Europe to stabilize his financial position. Risk a little for a huge dividend. Definitely Moroz will repay your loans”.
Devil laughed and said, “I am not really concerned about recovery of loans. I know excellent ways of recovery. I just want Santa and Moroz to remain at each other’s throats” Devil said playfully, drumming his fingers on the table.
Devil called the messenger boy and sent for Mr. Ellydar Morgan, his gnome banker of Zurich. In the meantime, Devil continued, “I agree, Jack. But on one condition: a very simple condition. The source of the loans must be kept a secret from Moroz, at least presently”.
“Is that all you wish?” Jack asked.
“Yes. That’s all I ask for”.
As soon as Mr. Morgan arrived, Devil said to Jack “You will introduce this gnome banker to Ded Moroz as a banking agent.  I’ll provide further instructions to Mr. Morgan for taking care of the rest”.
Devil signaled Mr. Morgan to come closer, and then whispered something in his ears. Mr. Morgan moved his long, pointed ears like a dog. He appeared so pleased that it seemed he was wagging his invisible tail.
Devil winked at Mr. Morgan and said in a whispering tone “make everything seem as natural as possible. Just throw a red herring to keep Ded Moroz off track. Let him sniff somewhere else”.
Both of them bowed to Devil and were about to leave, when Devil addressed Mr. Morgan once again “I want Ded Moroz’s signatures on the agreement documents with this red ink”, and handed him a small inkwell of Devil’s ink. He winked at Mr. Morgan again and said, “Let me repeat. Throw a herring fish, so that he doesn’t smell something fishy”.
* * *
As per Devil’s orders, Jack introduced Mr. Ellydar Morgan as a bank agent to Moroz.
“Sir, our bank offers very attractive house loans…” Mr. Morgan said, removing his pointy hat and lighting his pipe “………you can also avail personal loans or horse-carriage loans or even shopping loans at very cheap interest”
“I am sorry” Moroz said, “I am not interested”. Then turning to Jack, irritated Ded Moroz said, “Why did you bring this harassing salesman to bother me?”
“Sir, I have been working as an agent for five years” Morgan corrected Moroz and persisted “I assure you that you won’t get such attractive loans anywhere”.
“Look, I am awfully sorry” Ded Moroz replied impatiently, getting up “but I am not at all interested in such petty loans”.
“We can offer you much bigger loans if you wish Sir” Morgan said.
“How big?” Ded Moroz asked with a sneer and frowned.
“Much bigger, Sir! I have contact with some very influential agents at offshore casinos and centuries old Swiss banks, who are interested in much bigger fish” Morgan said.
“What!? Did I hear fish?” Moroz said with a severe frown “are you planning to hook me?”
“I am sorry Sir” Mr. Morgan said apologetically “But that’s how we talk in this business. By ‘big fish’ I mean that they are interested in dealing with much bigger clients. And I assure you our transactions are clean. Hooking our client with hook or hooker is against our policy”.
“Oh I see” Moroz grumbled “but why don’t you just introduce them and let me deal directly?”
“I am awfully sorry Sir” Morgan said “But you are trying to snatch away my bread and butter-from a poor fellow. As an agent, I’ll be able to make a very small commission if I can make the deal”.
Ded Moroz remained silent. Jack was sitting silently and looked very serious and remorseful. He felt very uncomfortable, sitting with his lips pressed tightly together, obeying Devil’s instructions.
“I’ll return back day after tomorrow after contacting them” Mr. Morgan continued “I am sure, they will be able to pull the strings of some of the richest gnome bankers for you. Have a good day, Sir”.
Both Morgan and Jack rose up from their deep-cushioned seats.
* * *
“I have talked to several international financiers and gnomes of Zurich” Mr. Ellydar Morgan said to Ded Moroz, puffing his pipe “two secret, anonymous accounts have already been opened for you in Switzerland and Austria in the name of two bogus, offshore trust companies”.
He groped his pocket and pulled out two booklets and handed them over to Ded Moroz.
“Why anonymous, secret accounts?” Ded Moroz asked in surprise “I didn’t express any such desire or requirement”.
“Well, this provision is not meant for you, really” Mr. Morgan said “but the lenders wish to remain anonymous. This arrangement makes it difficult to trace them”.
Ded Moroz stared at him with questioning look.
“You see, many of the financers, mostly from casinos and gambling houses, prefer anonymity” Mr. Ellydar Morgan explained “It makes monitoring cash flow difficult, and consequently money laundering easier”.
Ded Moroz hesitated, and stared with suspicion. Then he said in a determined tone “tell me truly. How dirty that money is?”
“I can’t guarantee anything” Mr. Morgan said in a confessional tone “But I personally believe that it is not blood-money or opium money”.
“I see” Ded Moroz said with an icy tone.
“You see, it’s a very easy and reasonable condition. You won’t even notice it, once you get used to it” Mr. Ellydar said “And besides, I assure you, you can’t access such attractive loans anywhere else! The interest rate is at least three percent lower than the next best loans you can think of”.
Ded Moroz nodded his head reluctantly “It’s true; it is really attractive. It’s difficult to let go such a lucrative offer. But still…my conscience is protesting”.
“You need not feel the pangs of your conscience, Sir” Mr. Morgan puffed out smoke and smiled “this arrangement is only for the opposite party. For you, it’s just the normal way. The bankers have been specifically instructed to release money only on receiving your signature”.
“What!!” Ded Moroz was absolutely stunned. Then he stamped his ‘Valenki’ boots on the floor and protested “Isn’t it unfair? I shall never find out who the lenders are, whereas they shall have my full identity!”
“You must understand” Morgan said, “Since these are only numbered accounts, their concerns are valid. Anyone holding these booklets and knowing the codeword can claim to be legal holder and demand rights to withdraw. Now tell me Sir, don’t you think they need peace of mind, and a safe refuge for their wealth?”
Ded Moroz nodded foolishly. After a while, he objected again “But why can’t they deposit anonymously in my normal account, once they have the full account details?”
“Look, Dear Moroz. I am merely stating the arrangements. I am not supposed to argue about this matter. Their reasons for this arrangement may be very grave, I mean, adding an extra layer of anonymity. Or maybe, it is just a fancy whim. In either case, it boils down to: Take it, or leave it”.
Mr. Ellydar Morgan paused and pulled out a small purse from his pocket. He unzipped it, took out a large pinch of tobacco and filled the bowl of his pipe.
“…As I was saying, there are a lot of risks involved for them, to allow transactions without your signature. Since the accounts are not in their name, they are not legal holders. Scams can take place and some fraud person can legitimately withdraw…but excuse me, Sir. Why are you bothered?”
Ded Moroz stared dumbly at Morgan’s face.
Mr. Morgan seemed to take note of the foolish expression on his face. “You will lose nothing in such transactions” Mr. Morgan stressed with full confidence “You sign only on receiving money at the counter. Is that okay?”
Ded Moroz was silent. Mr. Ellydar Morgan smiled and said “I can understand the reason why such money laundering financers and lenders wish to remain anonymous, but regarding your concern….” He looked at Moroz with suspicion, and lowered his voice to a whisper “…do you wish anonymity too? Do you have something dark to hide as well?”
“Of course not!!”  Ded Moroz shot back with hurt pride “I am not like one of them” he blurted forcefully. Ded Moroz adjusted his collar and tried to change the subject quickly “How much money can I draw initially?”
Mr. Morgan silently pulled out a sack, about the size of one third of a pillow, from his cloak and placed it gently on the table. Then he took out a sharp pocketknife and slashed it with one stroke.
Several gold coins fell on the table.
“As a starter, will that do?” Morgan asked.
“Well yes” Moroz said, “that will do, as a starter”.
“I’ll need an acknowledgement receipt for that Sir” Mr. Morgan said and handed him a slip. 
Ded Moroz glanced at it and took out the pen from his pocket.
“No, No Sir, not with that” Mr. Morgan objected. He took out the red inkwell, which Devil had handed over to him and a fountain pen from this pocket “sign with this pen. It’s a gift from our bank for an esteemed client. And always fill your pen with this ink for signing purpose”.
“What’s special about it?” Ded Moroz asked.
“It’s a special luciferous ink which glows with a peculiar color under lucifer’s lamp. It is the only ink universally accepted by all secret bankers” Mr. Morgan scratched his white beard and added “it helps reduce signature forgery”.
Without another word, Ded Moroz signed the acknowledgement receipt and handed over to Mr. Morgan.
Mr. Morgan tucked it in his pocket and said “You’ll get your 14 letter code word very soon through postal service. And by the way….” He groped in his pocket and drew out a key “…this is an 11 lever, magically encrypted key for you secret Bank vault”.
“This is really fast and impressive service,” Ded Moroz said, while accepting the key and looking amazed.
“You expected less from us?” Mr. Morgan said with a hurt feeling “Anyway, thank you for the compliment, Sir. We shall always be glad to provide you the best possible service. Now coming to the agreement part….” He took out a bunch of bond papers, and handed over to Moroz. He continued, “…The money will be released in three phases with pay back periods of five years, ten years and fifteen years. Of course there is provision of installment repayment, if you so desire. Please have a look at the documents”.
Ded Moroz perused the documents, while Mr. Morgan picked up a magazine. He flipped through the pages of the magazine, but glanced piercingly at Moroz every now and then through the corners of his eyes.
Jack was sitting quietly, biting his fingernails uneasily.
Half an hour later, Ded Moroz announced, “the rates of interests are impressively cheap”. He took out the gifted pen and signed the documents with the Devil’s red ink.

Back to top

Chapter 34
Birthday Party
Jack felt depressed, while Ded Moroz looked jubilant after the signing was over. Mr. Morgan took their leave, and almost rushed out in excitement. 
Jack held the magazine in front of his face and remained seated, pretending to be deeply engrossed in the magazine article.
But he was hardly reading anything at all! He appeared to be in deep dilemma, with something very heavy on his head, which he was unable to shake off.
“Day after tomorrow, my granddaughter Snegurochka turns seventeen” Ded Moroz said to Jack in a joyful tone “I invite you cordially to her birthday party”.
Jack remembered the face of the young lady he met during the trial. His own sister’s face appeared instantly in his mind. Jack felt an electrifying sensation down his spines.
* * *
Jack thought of Snegurochka all the time. Seventeen Jack mused my sister was also just turning seventeen… Jack took out his old withered parchment and gazed at it with moist eyes. His twin sister’s face had almost entirely wiped out from the paper, but not from his heart.
Jack was thinking about Snegurochka when he opened his eyes the next morning. He had a dream last night. He was holding Snegurochka’s hand and performing a round and round dance in the lawn of his ancestral house in Ireland. Jack remained obsessively nostalgic all morning.
Jack thought about Snegurochka all day. The harder he tried to shake off her close resemblance as mere coincidental, the more bitterly he failed. He thought about Snegurochka when he sat down on his easy chair for evening tea. He remembered how his sister served him tea and hard biscuits as he rested in his old, broken chair. A deep affection used to sparkle in her eyes! How he enjoyed and treasured those moments after toiling all the day in his field or in his forge!
He thought about Snegurochka while having his dinner, wondering whether she had her dinner yet. He thought of her, finally, when he pulled over his blanket and closed his eyes.
* * *
Jack was stunned to see how lavishly money had been spent for arranging the Birthday party.
We celebrate birthdays as a closed family affair. Only a few guests are invited. Moroz’s words were still ringing in Jack’s ears.
Jack looked around in amazement. As far as his sights reached, the coniferous forest around Ded Moroz’s palace shone with brilliant decoration in the falling darkness of the evening. Each tree looked like a Christmas tree.
As Jack entered the vast palace enclosure, he found thousands of folks, mostly Russian, and children in tens of thousands had gathered on the occasion.
The entire lawn has been transformed into a fairground. Ferris wheel, merry-go-round and so many other amusements were attracting flocks of men and children, elves and gnomes. The gates of the palace had been opened for general public. People of all classes, from peasants to landlords were having a difficult time choosing from so many stalls: from rows of free barbecue stalls to the stalls serving ‘Sherry’ and ‘Madeira’ and ‘Champagne’ wines. Finest quality Burgundy, Chantilly, and Bordeaux wines were flowing like water! Just grab whatever you like, everything is free.
Several people were dressed in furs of beavers and Arctic foxes, and had decorated themselves with feathers of peacocks and birds of paradise. They were samba dancing and reveling in ‘Mardi-Gras’ style. Most of them were wearing colorful masks.
A man wearing an eagle-mask was trying to draw Jack’s attention in particular. As soon as Jack’s gaze was fixed on him, he drew out a folded whip from beneath his fur coat, displayed it to Jack and scratched his own neck with its handle.  Jack recognized at once that it was the same black and red whip, with which Devil had mercilessly tortured his own favorite horse. And then Devil allowed his henchmen to chain Jack from the pillars and whip him mercilessly, leaving the indelible scars on Jack’s back.
Jack’s heart stopped beating for few moments, and then thumped rapidly like a hammer on an anvil. The man had disappeared among the large crowd. My God! Devil’s men are here as well, watching my every move Jack panicked with fear He issued me a stark visual warning against opening my mouth to Ded Moroz. Jack was determined to shake off this fear-arousing event from his mind and fully enjoy the moments. But he felt invisible eyes were constantly watching him.
Jack had heard tales of Russian aristocracy, but as he watched the brilliant fireworks lighting the sky incessantly, he felt it was too much. He was awestruck at the variety of exotic foods: from rarest turtle soup and shark fin soups to ostrich egg omelet with oysters and mushrooms, to Japanese puffer-fish ‘fugu’ served as Sashimi. 
One waitress offered an exotic salad of cucumber, and sea cucumber and kelps, sprinkled with pearl-vinegar. But Jack refused and preferred to try one fruit salad as a starter. He found so many exotic fruits in it: Jackfruit bulbs, ‘Longan’, ‘Lychees’, sliced ‘Kiwi fruit’ and others, which tasted juicy and delicious, but Jack couldn’t identify.
The air around was overhung with smell of strawberries and oriental spices, roasting meats and countless other delicacies; but a particularly strong frying smell helped Jack discover its source. Neither he, nor Barbarossa, nor the accompanying priest could believe their own eyes: A gigantic ‘Atlantic Bluefin Tuna’ fish, around fifteen feet long and weighing at least fifteen hundred pounds was lying on a sheet in a serving stall. Another similar sized tuna had been chopped into pieces and hung from metallic hooks over spicy-aromatic smoke. The chefs were cutting out portions from them, frying them and serving the fried pieces to the eagerly waiting crowd.
The fairground lawn was a feast to all the senses. The hustle of the crowd, the play of flutes and bagpipers, the loud cries of monkey dancers, flame throwers and stunt performers, the rattling noises from the coin necklaces around the waist of belly dancers and so on were deafening noisy. There was even an iron cage with a ferocious ‘Siberian’ tiger in it and the owner challenging the public with the top of his voice to spend three minutes inside it and win huge prize money. In the entire fairground, it was the only deserted spot, and the fierce tiger seemed the only starving creature.
Jack had guessed that the spending was going to be beyond proportion, judging from the processions, and street dances and so on in the town of Veliky Ustyug since morning. What Jack feared most was coming true. Moroz is falling right in Devil’s trap! Jack thought and felt terribly upset and guilty.
They walked towards the Reception Hall of Moroz’s palace through the teeming crowd. Jack felt that someone has thrust his hand deep inside his pocket and ran off. A pickpocket in a birthday party!? Jack was stunned. My God! He must have snatched away my purse containing my sister’s portrait and Snegurochka’s gift. Jack’s heart gave a kick. But he soon found his purse and his pocket-watch still lying safely in his pocket. He found something else: the man had simply tucked a piece of paper in his pocket and run away. Unfolding it, Jack saw a sketch of an eye and an inscription: This will protect you from the evil eyes, but not from Devil’s eyes. Jack felt a chilling and blood curdling sensation.
When they reached the Reception Hall of Moroz’s palace, they were informed that the main venue has been changed to the Great Hall of the palace. The Reception Hall was decorated with balloons and paper ribbons. Jack watched the mountains of gifts piled on the glazed marble floor on three corners of the hall. Jack glanced at Barbarossa and his own priest, and found that they were amazed too. Jack was wondering whether Moroz’s mention of ‘closed family affair’ was an elaborate joke. Even the waitresses were dressed like angels with extravagantly costly dresses.
Jack called aside one waitress and asked in a whispering tone “The party was supposed to be a small & closed family affair, wasn’t it?”
“Well, every year since I joined here, it was celebrated as a simple family affair” the waitress replied “I suppose Ded Moroz changed his mind at the last moment. Many of the ‘very important persons’ were invited at the eleventh hour”.
As Jack proceeded towards the Great Hall, he started feeling ashamed. He had initially thought of bringing some large gift pack, just as Barbarossa was carrying. Even his priest was carrying a fairly large gift under his arm.
But then his mind changed again, and he started feeling proud. This is my most valuable possession. My dead sister’s necklace! I value it most; hold most dearly to my heart. To me it is everything.
* * *
Snegurochka was standing along with Ded Moroz at one end of the Great Hall. The roof was an enormous dome with Byzantine artworks. There were several important guests around.
Snegurochka was looking stunningly beautiful in her white gown. 
Barbarossa and Jack’s priest handed over their presents to Snegurochka and wished her ‘Happy Birthday’ and a long life.
Jack took out the silver necklace from his pocket. It was so old and blackened with age that it hardly looked like silver at all. Jack placed the necklace around Snegurochka’s neck and said, “This is my present. I wish to adopt you as my sister on this auspicious occasion”.
Snegurochka was too astonished to speak anything. Ded Moroz placed his hand gently on her shoulder. Jack watched a drop of tear appear at the corner of Moroz’s eye.
“She has never known what brotherly love means, since her childhood” Ded Moroz said, wiping his tear “what better present might she have got on her birthday?”
Jack smiled and pointed to his priest “It was so difficult to find an Irish priest here”. He glanced at Snegurochka gently and said, “It is my desire to solemnize the adoption not in Russian style, but in our traditional Irish fashion”.
* * *
Jack felt terribly guilty after the adoption ceremony. What have I done! How could I have allowed Moroz to sign in Devil’s ink to avail loans?
Jack was in such a state of dilemma that he did not fully enjoy the majestic banquet at the grand dining hall. He hardly touched anything from the mountains of roasted turkey, off-season and exotic fruits, and piles of delicious edibles lying on exquisitely decorated silver and golden plates. Neither did he feel like watching the Arabic ‘raqs sharqi’ belly dance accompanying the banquet. Most beautiful dancers befitting the royal court of the ‘Shah of Persia’ or ‘Caliph of Baghdad’ had been handpicked for this exclusive show to honored guests. The more lavishness Jack saw, the more remorseful and less impressed he became.
After dinner, Jack strolled out in the lawn, hoping to find out the mysterious man with the whip. He was surprised to see that the crowd had not dispersed yet. Swarms were still pouring in.
A musical concert has been arranged inside a huge wooden stage in the lawn. Some of the most renowned pianists, violinist and flutists were present. Jack returned back inside the palace and proceeded towards the ballroom. 
Jack’s mind was so overburdened that he fell out of steps and danced clumsily at the ball.
Moroz is Snegurochka’s grandfather and therefore like my grandfather now. How can I continue pulling the strings for Devil to let Moroz clash against Santa? Jack was so much disturbed that he slipped and fell twice on the skating rink, causing the gathered nobilities to laugh. 
Ded Moroz is walking towards a dead end; towards his certain ruin. Jack shook his head in deep despair. It’s my duty to warn him. But I must carefully watch my steps; I am under constant watch.
Jack decided that he must warn Moroz of the impending disaster. I must take this enormous risk whatever may be the consequence.
His opportunity came when he momentarily found Moroz standing alone in one corner. He glanced around to look for the masked person or any suspicious person. Then he quickly approached Moroz and said, “This is the most magnificent birthday party I have ever seen”.
“Thank you for the compliments” Moroz said, looking proud.
“I wished to say something…” Jack hesitated.
“Yes?”
“…I meant to say…I mean...” Jack stammered. His face was turning red. However hard he tried, words didn’t come to his mouth. He hung his head low, staring at the ground.
“Tell. I am listening” Moroz said gently.
“Err…you see…It is always advisable to…cut your coat according to your cloth”.
Moroz seemed astonished. He tried to speak something twice, but failed each time. 
“Is that all you wish to say?” Moroz asked.
“Well…something else…quick money often comes from dirty source. You have to be extra careful about possible consequences of accepting any-“
“Rubbish!” Moroz snapped, “You are just being paranoid”.
He gave an assuring smile and patted Jack’s shoulder lightly, clearly giving Jack a cold shoulder. He ignored Jack and walked towards the dimly candlelit special lounge, where the most important guests had gathered.
Jack followed a few steps, then hesitated and stood still. It’s no use Jack thought. If you ask a child to avoid the fire, he becomes more curious about the colorful flames. Besides, he may refuse to believe the true source of all this money. He thinks that I am just paranoid.
Ded Moroz turned back and called Jack. 
“He is ‘Gwaizdor’, the Christmas gift distributor of Poland and my friend” Ded Moroz said, “He is ‘Mos Cracium’, the gift distributor of Romania…” Moroz introduced them one by one to Jack “…and finally he is our most esteemed guest-‘Shengdan Laoren’ of China. He has visited us for the first time”.
“Would you like to join us for some drinks?” one of them asked.
“No, thanks” Jack replied politely but firmly. He had no wish to disclose that he was strictly sober to a drinking party. He had faced embarrassing consequences before. Besides, he feared that mingling openly with Moroz’s friendly circle would arouse suspicion and anger of the Devil’s men, who might be observing him keenly right now. Neither did Jack wish to hang around in the company of Moroz’s friends to find out what they were going to discuss. He knew instinctively what subject might interest them, and he also guessed what was coming next.

Back to top

Chapter 35
Money Matters
Money started accumulating in Moroz’s account faster than he could spend them. Gold piled up in his locker sooner than any golden investment plan hatched in his head.
Ded Moroz turned into a spendthrift of the first order. His opportunity-seeking friends started following him like ducklings following a duck. They praised lavishly of him on his face, and their insincere flattery seemed like music to Moroz’s ears. Within days, Ded Moroz turned into a haughty and excessively proud snob.
Rapid accumulation of wealth gave a fresh lease of life to Moroz’s dormant ambitions.
Jack’s fear was not baseless, and his instinctive guess proved correct. Very soon, Moroz called a meeting of all his friendly ‘Christmas gift distributors’ of Eastern Europe and adjoining provinces.
The names and country names of the attending members were mentioned on the nameplates placed on the conference table. Members present included: Swiety Mikolaj and Gwaizdor of Poland, Mos Cracium of Romania, Mikulas and Telapo of Hungary, Dyado Koleda of Bulgaria, Kaledu Senelis of Lithuania, Jultomten of Sweden, Kaghand Papik of Armenia, Shakhta Baba of Azerbaijan, Jolupukki of Finland and several others.
Ded Moroz of Russia presided over the meeting and made the opening speech.
“Each of us must jealously guard our territories” Ded Moroz bellowed “Greedy ‘American’ Santa Claus covets the whole world. His worker elves are flowing into our territories in droves as illegal immigrants. Santa won’t spare any of our territories”.
There was a resounding and unanimous angry outburst against Mr. Santa from the members. 
Gwaizdor stood up and shouted, “We must challenge Santa. Openly contest against him! Snatch away his crown of the Christmas world from him”.
Telapo stood up too and shouted “Yes, my friend Moroz. Santa Claus has used unfair means to occupy the post of president of the ‘World Association of Christmas gift-distributors’ for too long. It’s high time to challenge him and pull him down”.
The others stood up and shouted excitedly “True”, “well said”, “Down with Santa” etc.
Ded Moroz surveyed the outpouring anger with revengeful pleasure and a wicked smile. Then he gestured them to silence. “Yes I will contest!” Ded Moroz announced, “I’ll call an emergency meeting of the ‘World Association of Christmas gift-distributors’ and demand an immediate re-election”.
The oldest member stood up and said, “We can challenge Santa economically, if we can arrange sufficiently more money. I request all members present to generously contribute to a common pool”.
The mere mention of ‘generous contribution’ caused a hushed silence in the hall. The excitement of the members died out instantly like a punctured tire. The situation seemed like the proverbial one: “who will tie the bell around the cat’s neck?”
After a long silence, another senior member admitted reluctantly in a gloomy voice, “In this tough time, money is the difficult part”.
They looked at each other’s face, but none wanted to take the initiative of breaking the ice. They started discussing absurd and impractical ways of raising ‘more money’.
Meanwhile, Ded Moroz hesitated and remained silent. The inner conflict brewing in his mind was clear from the look on his face.
Then meeting seemed to be over. 
All of a sudden Ded Moroz announced “I shall provide huge economic packages to all our members to confront evil Santa and extend our sphere of influence”.
The entire hall vibrated with “Bravo” “Well done!” “We support you!” followed by another round of cheering and clapping.
“But there is one condition…” Ded Moroz continued with a determined tone”…All members shall be strictly prohibited from accepting any economic packages from Santa’s bloc, or forming any alliance with them. They must maintain farthest distance. Those who agree, please raise their hands”
All members raised their hands in unanimous consent, raising the possibility of a split in the Christmas world on a global scale.
* * *
The ‘World Association of gift distributors’ split into two blocs, amidst heated debate, angry accusations and violent uproar. Santa led one and Ded Moroz the other one. Even Mr. Santa didn’t escape unhurt in the turmoil; someone pulled his beard, tearing off a handful of white stuff.
Next day, Belsnickel, the head of Santa’s secret unit, met Mr. Santa Claus.
“A terrible thing has happened, Sir” Belsnickel said.
“Once again!” Santa Claus frowned “What is it this time?”
“Shengdan Laoren, the ‘Christmas gift-distributor’ of China has joined your arch-rival Moroz’s camp” Belsnickel said.
“Oh my God!” Santa exclaimed.
“Ded Moroz recognized Shengdan Laoren as the sole authorized gift distributor of China” Belsnickel said, “Shengdan Laoren in return declared Ded Moroz as ‘natural and undisputed leader’. Shengdan and Moroz signed pact of mutual friendship”.
“It’s horrible news,” Santa said.
“Of course it is. Shengdan Laoren has influence over a quarter of world’s population. We simply can’t afford to lose him to Ded Moroz”.
“I am already distressed and yet to recover from the shock of yesterday’s split” Santa said “I can’t even think clearly now what to do next”.
“I’ll issue a secret decree” Belsnickel said “A decree declaring that containment of Ded Moroz in China is our primary foreign policy. And besides...I strongly urge you to join hand with Shengdan Laoren and follow ‘look east policy’.
* * *
After leaving Santa, Belsnickel issued secret orders to create rift through propaganda between Shengdan Laoren and Ded Moroz. “Shengdan Laoren listens to his Chinese concubine, who calls herself the ‘Divine Christmas Empress’…” Belsnickel explained to his subordinates “Take her help to poison Shengdan Laoren’s ears that he is being treated scornfully as a junior partner by Ded Moroz” Belsnickel ordered his subordinates.
Santa Claus took Belsnickel’s advice about ‘look east’ seriously and invited Shengdan Laoren to America. They discussed investment and formation of ‘Trans-Pacific Union’. The meeting was successful. Shengdan invited Mr. Santa to build manufacturing units high demand ‘military toys’ in ‘Guangdong’ province in China, assuring Mr. Santa of cheap skilled labors. Mr. Santa was fed up with strikes and other labor conflicts with Elf workers in America. He readily accepted the investment offer.

Back to top

Chapter 36
Caribbean Plot
Belsnickel met Mr.Santa Claus.
Mr. Santa Claus appeared to be in a jolly mood-an unusual state of mind for Mr. Santa Claus lately.
“So, Mr. Director” Santa Claus said humorously “how is things going on in your ‘Children’s International Association’?”
“Ah, address me as your helper, Sir” Belsnickel rebuked.  He sighed and continued, “I am afraid Sir, things are not so good” he sighed again “I am afraid, I have some disturbing news to deliver”.
“But you were supposed to take away all my worries, rather than add to the piling heap” Santa Claus snapped and frowned “that was what you assured me, when you demanded financial assistance to set up you organization”.
“Don’t blame my organization, Sir” Belsnickel said, “I didn’t come here as your headache, but rather as your eyes and ears. My organization is acting as an early warning system, fully committed to protect your interests from ruthlessly ambitious Ded Moroz”.
“Let’s come directly to the point” Santa blurted “what the bad news?”
Belsnickel didn’t reply, but took out a pack of ‘black and white’ photographs from his leather briefcase. He placed them one by one like a pack of cards on the table for Mr. Santa to see.
“These photos were taken from several of your flying reindeer sledges, which you had generously lent for worldwide reconnaissance activities. These photos clearly show that Moroz is setting up military toy factories, warehouses and a permanent base in the Caribbean islands”.
“But that’s his personal affair” Santa said, “why should we bother?”
“Are you joking Sir?” Belsnickel shot back “Considering the proximity to the mainland, Caribbean is the backyard of American continent. Ded Moroz is trying to extend his sphere of influence right inside your stronghold. He is eyeing the American market, Sir. He is clearly violating territorial demarcations”.
“You are overreacting; just over-concerned” Mr. Santa Claus calmed down from his initial excitement “You are behaving like an aggressive hippopotamus, which always fears territorial violation and attacks head on at the least provocation”.
“Ded Moroz is rapidly growing in popularity in the Caribbean” Belsnickel said “We intercepted a letter from a fourteen year old Jamaican child. Please note that it isn’t addressed to you anymore, but to Ded Moroz. It reads:
Dear Comrade Moroz,
Last Christmas, I demanded a revolver, but I received a pair of socks, and trousers instead! 
I think you messed up with somebody else’s demands. This year I want a dozen hand grenades and some long-range fireworks. 
I have been good all the year round.
Yours,
F. Castoor.

Belsnickel folded the letter, and tucked it into his pocket and continued “Ded Moroz has made a secret pact with Shengdan Laoren, the ‘gift-distributor’of China for supplying cheap toys. It is indeed a matter of grave concern: They will flood the American market with cheap toys”.
Having failed to excite Mr. Santa, Belsnickel looked at him with disgust and continued “One more piece of information from a very reliable source: Moroz’s agents are buying all available stocks of Cuban and Havana cigars from the local markets. Prices here have already skyrocketed. He plans to rename the ‘Figurado cigar’ brands after his name and completely stop all supplies of Cuban cigars to America”.
Belsnickel grinned, and looking at Mr. Santa’s face he added “Of course that will be good for you. Comrade Moroz appears to care about your health, and cure your bad habit. You have picked up heavy smoking lately”.
Santa snapped back angrily “What!? You know very well that I can’t afford without Cuban ‘Figurado cigar’-no other brand suits me. This particular act of his is really sinister. You must find some solution”.
“There can be only one solution” Belsnickel said “and that is forcing Ded Moroz to wind up his base from Caribbean”.
“But how?”
Belsnickel didn’t answer. Instead he took out a letter from his pocket and unfolded it to Mr. Santa “We intercepted this fresh love letter from Ded Moroz to your wife. He has urged for elopement”. Belsnickel looked at Mr. Santa’s angry face and said, “I apologize for taking the liberty of reading the letter. But tell me; are you willing to take the risk of finding your wife missing one night?”
“Oh my god! Once again?!” Mr. Santa jumped on his feet.
Mr. Santa’s reaction seemed to please Mr. Belsnickel. He continued playfully “Will you be happy to find her in the arms of Ded Moroz? Maybe that’s why he wishes to arrive here in Caribbean as your close neighbor”.
“You must find a solution immediately!” Mr. Santa ordered in a fit of rage. “You didn’t answer me” Mr. Santa said, “How will you force Ded Moroz wind up his base from my backyard?”
“How about fire?” Belsnickel asked playfully.
Mr. Santa looked at him in alarm. “Promise me you won’t do anything rash!” Santa said in a desperate tone. 
Belsnickel gave a piercing look and said “Of course, not. After all, you are my boss. I must obey without questions”. He stretched himself lazily, raised his eyebrows, tweaked his gray moustache and said with an emotionless face “your wish is my command”. Then he got up, walked to the washbasin and washed off his hands.
* * *
The news reached Pandemonium as well. Devil’s assistant Beelzebub rushed to his master, to deliver the news.
“Ded Moroz is setting up toy factories in Caribbean, my Lord” Beelzebub said to Devil. 
When Beelzebub broke this news, Devil was in his private Chemistry laboratory, pouring red blood from his test-tube into the chemistry flask. The lab was situated deep underground in the cellar and looked more like an alchemist’s lab or a sorcerer’s den.
“So Moroz is setting up his base right in the backyards of Santa’s territory, eh?” a wicked smile appeared on the corner of Devil’s lips as he spoke. 
“Shall we ask Jack to capitalize the issue and flare up already heated Santa-Moroz relations?” Beelzebub asked.
“Well, no!” Devil paused, as he wore rubber gloves on his hand, and slowly placed his safety goggles over his eyes “You know Beelzebub, nowadays, I am losing faith in Jack. Especially, ever since, Jack has formed close relationship with Ded Moroz. I wish I had listened to you and appointed Krampus to head this project in the first place!” 
“I always advice you in your best interest, my Lord” Beelzebub said. A look of satisfaction and pride appeared on Beelzebub’s face.
“In any case, I won’t trust Jack for any assignment against Moroz” Devil said, “It’s better to sidestep him”.
“Meanwhile, what am I supposed to do about Moroz’s factories?” Beelzebub asked.
Devil didn’t answer anything, but tore off a piece of paper from his notebook, and slowly tore it further into smaller pieces. Then he piled the pieces of paper in a pan-shaped crucible made from the upper half of a human skull.
“Now watch this Beelzebub” Devil said, as he reached for a small bottle labeled ‘glycerin’ from his rack and poured it on the paper heap. Then he took a bottle labeled ‘potassium permanganate’ and sprinkled a spoonful over the soaked papers. 
A few moments passed.
Smoke started emerging slowly, and the papers burst into flames. 
Beelzebub bowed down to his master “You have made your point, my Lord. I understood your message. Your orders shall be obeyed” he bowed once again and left the laboratory.
* * *
Ded Moroz was sitting on a block of stone, holding his fishing rod and watching the sailing boats among the serene background of the lake. A tiny ripple on the surface of water, made him excited. “Someone has swallowed the hook!” he murmured to himself “Now time for some action”. He started winding his reel.
At that very moment, his secretary arrived. “Sir, I have terrible news”.
“What’s is?” Moroz demanded.
His secretary hung his head down and remained silent.
“You aren’t dumb, are you?” Ded Moroz said, quite forgetting about his fishing business.
“I am afraid; I have very bad news to deliver”.
“Speak up man” Ded Moroz commanded.
“Sir, your ‘military toy’ factories in the Caribbean…”
“What happened to my factories?”
“…Engulfed in flames…they have been burned down; reduced to ashes”.
“Is it reliable news?” Moroz asked, holding his secretary by the shoulder.
“I am sorry to say, but the answer is ‘Yes’. It’s a bitter fact. The last gnome worker returning home was a witness”.
“Oh my God!” Ded Moroz said. He threw his fishing rod in the lake and stood shocked and motionless. “I know, Santa Claus did this…did it on purpose. He wants to throw me out of business”. He stumped his foot and screamed “Santa Claus!”
Ded Moroz picked up his magical, silver staff. He closed his eyes and chanted some incantation and then touched the surface of water with its tip.
The water around its tip turned transparent jelly like, then glassy and then into solid ice. Icy chill wind started blowing. Moroz and his secretary shivered as powdery white crystals of snowflakes fell from the air and settled on their beards. The freezing process started spreading rapidly on the water surface. The lake started changing into solid ice.
“Santa Claus is growing fat and plump on the sweat and blood of his worker Elves!” Ded Moroz was still fuming and grinding his teeth “Won’t that rascal ever allow an old person like me to live in peace?” 
Moroz turned towards his secretary and said “Mr. Santa may not be aware that I was a dreaded sorcerer in the past. Now he will see how cruel I can turn” Ded Moroz burst in anger “Ask ‘Koschei’, the head of my secret unit, to meet me immediately. A tooth for a tooth! I swear!”

Back to top

Chapter 37 
Mousetrap
As Santa’s reindeer sledge started losing altitude, Mr. Santa Claus got a clearer view of Guangdong province of China.
Upon landing, Santa Claus was welcomed by a massive crowd of cheering Elves and humans. A red carpet had been laid from the landing pad to the main entrance of the toy factory. Petals of roses had been sprinkled as a welcome gesture.
“I wish ‘Shengdan Laoren’ were present at this inauguration” Santa said remorsefully “After all, this factory was his brainchild. He took the initiative of making me invest here”.
“Oh don’t worry” one of his bodyguards said “He will definitely come after the inaugurations are over with bunches of white flowers”.
“White flowers?!” Santa asked in surprise.
“Never mind that” the bodyguard said. He was clearing the crowds for Mr. Santa to pass along. He was wearing black eyeglasses, and his face appeared unfamiliar, like a fresh recruit.
In fact most of the bodyguards appeared unfamiliar.
Santa didn’t have the time to ponder. The gathered crowd showered flowers, threw confetti in the air and children were desperate to breach the security barricade and get an autograph from Santa Claus.
Everyone clapped their hands and cheered when Mr. Santa cut the ribbon. Then he broke the bottle of ‘Champagne’ against the factory wall, and gave a very brief ‘inauguration speech’.
On entering the factory, the first thing Mr. Santa noticed was that nobody had bothered to arrange the furniture and raw materials. He was surprised to find barrels of crude oil and highly inflammable materials carelessly piled in heaps inside the factory.
“Hey, what’s going on here?” Santa Claus asked.
The bodyguards didn’t reply to Santa’s question.
“I don’t see anybody inside” Santa said cautiously.
“Oh, that’s because we had sanitized the entire factory for your security during the inauguration ceremony” Santa’s bodyguard replied, “They will start production from tomorrow. This way please…”
Santa was led with great honor to the CEO room.
“That file on your table contains all relevant information about expenditures, supplier’s lists, this year’s estimated production targets etc. You might like to have a look” one of the two bodyguards suggested.
Santa sat on the CEO chair. The two men leading Santa excused themselves.
All of a sudden, the door closed and Santa was locked in the CEO room from outside.
Santa shouted aloud and banged the door, but nobody answered. He found with horror that it was not the usual wooden door, but it was made of steel.
He watched through the metal grill of the window, adjacent to the door. There was no one in sight.
He was helplessly trapped, when a masked person came running and threw a burning torch at the heap of inflammable materials. Mr. Santa watched the fire spreading rapidly, through the iron grill of the window. The fire almost touched the barrels of inflammable liquids!
There was no escape.
It was a death trap.
Santa fell on his knees on the carpet for his last prayer.
He closed his eyes, folded his hands and started muttering, when he heard a knock.
He jumped on his feet, quite forgetting his prayers and dashed to the door. He shouted aloud “Why do you knock? The door is locked from outside. Open it for heaven’s sake”.
Nobody answered.
“Hello!” Santa shouted in desperation “open the door!”
Still nobody answered.
Santa Claus slammed and banged on the door with all his might. He was crippled with fear as he watched with horror through the window. The flames had touched the barrels. The plastic containers were melting, spilling crude oil and spreading a blanket of flames across the floor. 
He was feeling the intense heat. The surrounding had turned into an inferno.
Mr. Santa was coughing from the obnoxious smoke. He wrestled hard to close the window, but it was hopelessly jammed. He coughed and pulled the handle madly, but the window won’t budge an inch.
“Broooommm!” a cylinder burst with an ear-bursting sound, sending a blast of flames and set the lower part of the curtain hanging on one side of the window on fire.
Santa Claus was paralyzed for a moment, watching the flame rise up and engulfing the curtain. Then he pulled the curtain with a jerk, managing to bring it down along with the aluminum pelmet. He threw it on the floor, stamped it with his boots, and put out the fire.
The half burned glowing curtain started emitting suffocating fumes. There was no water supply to douse the glow of the charred remains. Thick black smoke was entering inside the room from the open window as well. Santa Claus was chocking and was on the verge of collapse from the unbearable intense heat.
He heard a knock once again.
“I am hearing things” he whispered to himself “my senses are failing me at this last moment”.
There was another knock. This time it was louder, and appeared to emerge from the floor rather than from the door.
“I am going crazy!” Santa uttered. “This is the effect of inhaling too much smoke. Nothing but hallucination………I’ll faint soon and everything will be over”.
Another round of knocks emerged from beneath the carpet.
Santa Claus was coughing incessantly, choking and gasping for breath. He was now too weak to respond. His lungs were burning and tears flowed copiously. His clothes were dripping wet from intense sweating. He collapsed on the carpet.
The knocking grew louder and more frequent.
Santa Claus was lying unconscious.
A loud clanking noise, as loud as a hammer striking the anvil, emerged from beneath the floor.
Santa Claus regained consciousness momentarily, turned and got up slowly, gathering all his energy, just like a candle which burns brightly for once just before burning off.
He responded to the knock, and tried to remove the heavy carpet, but it proved beyond his meager strength. He walked unsteadily to one side of the carpet, and started rolling it into a bundle. When he managed to roll it halfway, he saw a segment of circular metal lid on the floor.
His strength multiplied ten times in a burst of excitement. He rolled the carpet further, exposing the entire lid. Then with a superhuman effort, he managed to remove the lid, exposing an underground passage.
He had exhausted all his strength. He saw stars swirling around his head. He saw a faint image of a black figure climbing up the ladders from beneath the passage. He felt as if he was being lifted and placed on the shoulder and then a sensation of sinking through the hole in the darkness below.  He felt cool and smelt fresh air just before fainting completely.
* * *
When Santa opened his eyes, he was lying on a clean white bed. There were white curtains all around him. There was a white porcelain base with a bunch of white flowers on a white table by the side of his bed. “So this is heaven!” he murmured “At last” he sighed.
To his great surprise, Belsnickel, the head of his secret unit, pushed aside one curtain, and rushing inside, he greeted Mr. Santa Claus.
“What happened?” Santa asked.
“Try to recall Sir. You’ll be able to remember” Belsnickel replied bluntly.
Santa Claus closed his eyes and remained silent for a few moments.
He opened his eyes and said, “I shall be forever grateful to you Belsnickel. You saved my life”.
“It was an attempt on your life!!”  Belsnickel thundered “A murderous attempt by Ded Moroz and his wicked right hand person Koschei! You forbade me to use fire to uproot Moroz’s base in the Caribbean” Mr. Belsnickel said angrily “Now look, what they have done!”
“But don’t you have a hand in burning down Moroz’s factories to ashes?” Mr. Santa snapped, “What happened now might have been their retaliation”.
“I didn’t have any hand in that incident” Mr. Belsnickel protested vehemently “How could I have disregarded your wish and played with fire?”
Mr. Santa didn’t seem at all convinced. He viewed Belsnickel with deep suspicion and said, “Tell me what is going on. It has become a matter of life and death to me”.
“I’ll tell you the truth” Belsnickel said “nothing but the truth. Absolutely unadulterated, 24 carat truth” Belsnickel twitched his moustache “The truth is, I was fortunate enough to get a glimpse of their sinister plots through my excellent spy network. So, if you are really grateful, you should reconsider your decision, Sir”.
“Reconsider what?” Santa asked.
“You insisted on cutting funds for my organization” Belsnickel said with unusual coolness, “now you admit yourself that dealing with Koschei’s strike is a question of life and death!  In view of the gravity of the situation, I demand tripling of allocated funds from this financial year”.
“Tripling?!!” Santa Claus reacted like having a major heart stroke.
“Well, Sir, I can’t assure that another assassination plan won’t be hatched. You can continue distributing gifts to the world, only if you manage to remain in this world” Belsnickel said, as he drew a parchment “Now, would you kindly put your signature here?”

Back to top

Chapter 38
Winds of Change
Jack was back in Elf-land, on Devil’s errand.
Jack stopped while passing an unfenced playground of an elfish school. He watched elf soccer, played between a dark-elf team on one side, and light-elf team on the other. The match was a heated one, played with the full intensity of a battle, with occasional swearing and angry outburst at any slightest foul. Jack wondered how the elf children learnt such offensive and fowl slang at this young age. The slang were racial, targeting parents and ancestry. And worst of all, the dark coach of the dark-elf team did not scold, nor the pale skinned coach admonished, but laughed and encouraged the young.
Jack glanced at the school buildings and the playground. The school captured the present situation in elf-land in a rather succinct manner. The school had two buildings facing each other, with the playground in between. Jack distinctly remembered that one building housed the primary sections for elementary studies, and the other was meant for secondary & higher studies. Both buildings had healthy mixture of dark & light elves. But now one building was meant purely for light elves from elementary to secondary; and the other for dark elf children. The sports teams had also met the same fate.
Similarly, Elf-land was now bitterly divided among Dark Elves and Light Elves. The central administrative structure of elf-land had totally collapsed. Laws of the land were different in different counties now, depending on the relative populations of Light and Dark Elves in each county. Every county was ruled either by the dark elves or the light elves. Laws were racially discriminatory, and High Elves, Snow Elves and other minority Elves were forced to swear loyalty to the ruling class in every county.
Jack’s thoughts were shattered by a violent uproar. He watched with horror as a dark elf-child drew out a pocket knife and slashed the finger of a small light-elf child. As red blood gushed out and dripped on the ground, the attacker proudly waved his knife and sneered “Where is the aristocratic blue blood in your veins?”
One of the victim’s friends drew out a sharp razor and slashed the palm of the attacker in instant retaliation and said, “Neither do I see any royal purple blood which you liars claim!”
Within moments, a serious fight broke out. They picked up stones and started hitting each other. Jack fled in panic. Once out of danger zone, Jack sighed and ruminated they saw the same red blood flowing in their veins. But when will they really see that? When will they realize?
Jack continued his fact-gathering mission. His findings were as expected: All meetings and rallies in Elf-land were carried out in segregation, and strictly boycotted by the opposite race of Elves. They had set up separate public facilities. And of course they now had separate places of worship: Light Elves visited the temples of ‘Freya’, while the Dark ones offered their prayers at the temples of their Smith hero ‘Volundr’.
While touring, Jack came upon a small gathering of Elves. Banners had been erected above the stage and at several adjacent places, announcing: Harmony gathering of all races of elves.
The gathering included both dark and light elves. But they clustered closely in small groups and appeared skeptical. Some of them even scoffed and whispered ‘Harmony is bullshit!” and ‘this is impractical madness’. Some of them made vulgar comments and jokes.
Jack listened attentively to the ongoing speech.
“…Mountain trolls and gnomes are greedily eyeing our differences like hungry vultures and wolves…” the speaker was giving his speech in a very passionate tone. Jack observed that the suspicion and skepticism were slowly fading from the faces of the gathered elves, and they were getting emotionally involved.
This charismatic guy has guts! Jack thought he is a hell good speaker.
Jack was feeling optimistic and happy. “At least someone is taking the initiative for harmony,” he whispered to himself.
Jack watched the speaker minutely. His skin seemed to be dark brown.
“Why is he organizing such harmony gatherings?” Jack asked a dark elf out of curiosity.
“Because he is an impure hybrid himself-a disgrace on our superior dark elf race” the dark elf grumbled.
Jack listened to the speech patiently.
Finally the speech was over, and the speaker shook hands with dozens of gathered elves. When he was about to depart, Jack approached him, took him aside and handed over the broken scepter.
“What’s this?” the speaker asked.
“I have been carrying this scepter secretly for quite some time now, searching for the most suitable person to hand it over” Jack explained “This might bring you some good luck. I shall collect it from you after a fortnight if you find it as mere junk” Jack said and offered his hand “I am Jack”.
The speaker Elf shook Jack’s hand warmly and said, “I am Makarios. Makarios Ameer”.
* * *
Two weeks later.
Jack visited the ‘Freya National stadium of Elf-land’ near Reykjavik in Iceland, disguised as an old bearded man and wearing black eyeglasses. He bought a combo-ticket for the sports events and occupied one vacant seat in the ice-hockey stadium.  
A drunken spectator, partly troll & partly ogre came toddling along and demanded “Get out of here. Let me sit”. He was ugly looking, had a strong, well-built figure and a potbelly. He appeared slow-witted or highly intoxicated. Saliva was drooling down from his mouth. There was abundant hairs & beard on his large head.
“But there are so many vacant seats around” Jack protested.
“How dare you protest? That’s my favorite spot” the beastly spectator thundered. He shoved Jack and shouted, “Now get lost, or else…” Jack fell on the floor. The semi-troll lifted his club, grabbed Jack’s beard and pulled hard. Jack’s beard came off.
While the slow-witted beast was scratching his head in confusion, Jack had already left the spot, and mingled among the elf spectators.
Very soon the stadium was filled to the brim and then started overflowing with spectators, much beyond its capacity. There was a high degree of excitement in the air, as if they were expecting ‘a miracle on ice’.
Just before the game started, the two VIP guests, Ded Moroz and Santa Claus entered the stadium. But neither of them shook hands or greeted each other. They kept distance and avoided looking at each other’s faces. Mr. Santa was dressed in red and black, while Ded Moroz was dressed in Czarist aristocratic blue.
The organizer, Makarios Ameer welcomed them and made a short speech. He winded up quickly by thanking Santa and Moroz for accepting his invitation to witness what he described as the ‘games of the millennia’. He announced, “Let the games begin”.
Seven skaters and one goaltender of both the teams entered the natural ice rink. The black elf players were wearing black dresses, with ‘black panther’ marked on the backs. The light elves were wearing yellowish white dresses with ‘beastly victors’ on their backs.
Though he had spent a lot of time in elf-land, it was the first time in his life that Jack was going to witness an elf sports. He was a bit worried though. He remembered the first time he witnessed Elf-dance. It must have been an hour or so that Jack had witnessed their dance. But when he came out, he was absolutely bewildered to find that three days had passed!
It was clear from the start that the skaters of both teams were locked in a deathly fight. It was a matter of prestige. Racial prestige! The matter was much beyond just winning or losing the shining golden trophy. It would also reflect the racial superiority of either black elves or light elves.
It was a really fast paced game, where the players armed with hockey sticks exhausted all their physical strengths to put the puck into opposing team’s goal. As the puck bounced on the ice, the excitement among the spectators got more and more heated up. Jack started wondering whether organizing such a series of games by Makarios would really bring about unity and harmony among black and light elves.
But one thing was clear to him. It was better to vent out the racial feelings through such sports events than through riots in the streets.
* * *
The following morning, Jack bought an ‘Elf-land Daily’ from the news stall. One of the front-page news instantly caught his attention:
Makarios Ameer has urged Santa Claus and Ded Moroz to stop interfering in Elf-land politics. Following the closing ceremony of the games, he attempted and achieved the impossible: he initiated negotiation talks between Santa and Moroz to reduce conflict in Elf-land. A summit was held between Santa and Moroz near Reykjavik, in presence of an elf translator. It was reported that the talks were reaching a breakthrough, when it snapped unexpectedly. The exact details of discussions were not available, considering the opacity and secrecy of the proposed deals.
Jack folded the newspaper and muttered, “He is the prophesized blessed prince. I have no trace of doubt left. The scepter has finally fallen in the right hand. Now only the other half of the broken scepter needs to be restored to him to end the curse on Elf-land”. 
Jack folded the newspaper once again and tucked it. Then he whispered to himself “But how shall I ever restore it from Devil’s possession?”

Back to top

Chapter 39
The End   OR   The Beginning?
“The venue for the next meeting between Santa Claus and Ded Moroz was fixed at the summit” Beelzebub said to Devil “They agreed to hold it at ‘Gozo’ Island near Malta in the Mediterranean. Santa and Moroz agreed to hold talks for long-standing peace and friendship and official end of rivalry”.
“Is it?” Devil asked without any emotion. He looked down at his pet pussycat, which was rubbing its white furs playfully against his feet and purring gently. He kicked it, without least emotion, bouncing it against the wall. The pussycat gave out a shrill cry “Mmeeeeoowww!” and dashed outside through the open door.
Devil signaled Beelzebub with his forefinger to close the door and raised his legs on the table. Then he lighted a thick, supersized black cigar, jabbed the end between his parted lips and pulled at it deeply. He closed his eyes, rubbed the boots on his legs against each other and exhaled thick draught of smoke through his nose like a steam engine.
“What else?” Devil demanded.
“They have decided to hold the conference aboard a cruise steamship ‘Pakjesboot’. The steamship is owned by Santa’s cousin Sinterklaas, and it will be anchored near the Mediterranean island of ‘Gozo’”. Beelzebub said with a trembling voice, and looked at his master with fear on his face.
Devil opened his eyes, read Beelzebub’s face and smiled pitifully at Beelzebub. “Why ‘Gozo’ in particular?” Devil asked playfully.
“The twin islands of Gozo and Malta are located in the geographic centre of the Mediterranean, and are of great tourist interest. They plan to visit the ruins of ancient Neolithic temples of ‘Xaghra’, before signing the historic treaty of friendship”.
“I see…I see…so they are having nice daydreams, huh?” Devil stubbed the burning end of his cigar on the table. “So they are about to spend a night or two in a tourist resort!” Devil broke out in a hearty laughter “And then they will shred their differences and reconcile?!” His laughter paused in an instant and his face became hardened and awfully serious. “But, I’ll have my own way…I will, I will” he fumed in a fit of rage.
Beelzebub helplessly watched his master raving madly with anger and pulling his own hairs so hard as if attempting to lift himself up from his seat.
“End of conflict? What end?!” Devil threw the ashtray against the wall, spreading ash and cigarette butts all over.
“I know how to reignite the flames” Devil said in a hissing tone.
After calming down a bit he instructed, “Add more fuel to the fire. Spread the rumor among nationalist supporters of Ded Moroz that it is not step towards friendship, but surrender of Russian values and culture”.
Beelzebub bowed down silently, but remained doubtful. Devil glanced at his face, and noticed his questioning looks. He frowned at Beelzebub faintly said “If you have something in your mind, ask without fear. I hate cowardly attitude”.
“I only wished to ask…I mean…. what seems perplexing to me is why do you target only Ded Moroz. Isn’t Santa equally blameworthy?”
Devil’s frown changed into a smile and then into a gentle laugh. He pulled out a chart from the drawer. On it was prominently displayed a circular diagram, divided into nine sectors with different colors, looking somewhat like an ‘enneagram’. Encircling the inner circle were twelve zodiac signs equally spaced from each other. The zodiac constellations were moving slowly in their circular paths. The chart resembled a ‘wheel of luck’.
“This is my own invention” Devil said “I had done quite some studies on human psychologies, and complex influences of zodiacs on personalities. Now this….” Devil touched the magenta blue segment “…is a peacemaker. That’s exactly what Santa Claus is! Therefore his behavior is quite expected; it doesn’t make me mad. Understood?”
Beelzebub bowed again, silently. 
“If Ded Moroz is not interested in continuing the rivalry….” Devil said, “…Let some other eligible enthusiast get a chance and take over”.

Back to top

Chapter 40
Coup Attempt
Ded Moroz went to spend his holiday in his ‘Dacha’, a seasonal home, in a small seaside resort in the Crimean peninsula. He enjoyed his stay in his Dacha on the beach of the black sea. He was proud of his ancestral property, with oversized attics and glazed verandas. It was his favorite holiday retreat, with a moderate size estate, and gardens of rare orchids and cherry orchards.
In the meantime, Devil’s henchman ‘Beelzebub’, Ded Moroz’s right-hand person Koschei, and Koschei’s co-conspirators, the notorious ‘gang of eight’ held a secret meeting in one of Koschei’s  ‘clubhouses’. Beelzebub had thrown a fee Mexican party with exotic Mexican delicacies.
“Therefore gentlemen, beware of Mr. Santa shaking hand with stupid and greedy Ded Moroz” Beelzebub concluded “Money and gold has blinded Moroz so much that he is perfectly willing to sell holy motherland Russia to Mr. Santa. He will stoop to sell his own mother. He will abandon good nationalist people like you at Santa’s feet, so that Santa can crush you all under his boots”.
Beelzebub passed another round of super-strong Mexican ‘tequila’ to the already over-drunk conspirators. “It amazes me how you people never doubted from where Mr. Moroz is getting all his wealth for his lavish spending” Beelzebub said scornfully “And you call yourself intelligence agents!” Beelzebub mocked them harshly.
“During the last meeting of Moroz and Santa, your betrayer master Moroz received a quantity of gold enough to feed your seven generations” Beelzebub disclosed “My trusted men eavesdropped some of their secret plots”. Beelzebub pointed Mr. Santa as Moroz’s source with such confident attitude, that it seemed he had quite forgotten that he himself was present when Devil discussed about providing money to Ded Moroz.
Even before their glasses got empty, Beelzebub passed a bottle of ‘mescal’, the Mexican intoxicant made from ‘peyote’ cacti. “Gentlemen, you got to try this Mexican experience,” Beelzebub said. Raising their glasses to their lips, they discussed about the agreement Ded Moroz was about to sign with Santa Claus. They unanimously denounced it as humiliating and surrender to Mr. Santa rather than a friendship attempt.
Beelzebub didn’t fail to hint to the conspirators about possible actions by Moroz like drastically cutting of funding to Koschei’s secret unit, or attempt to disband the ‘gang of eight’. They panicked at this alarming disclosure, and agreed that Ded Moroz has gone too far-he must be stopped at all cost.
By the time they had finished their discussions, they smelt so strongly that their breath made the air intoxicating.
At Koschei’s secret directive, all communication between Moroz’s ‘Dacha’ and outside world were cut off. Guards were placed all around the estate and on the gates, with strict orders not to let anyone in or out.
Ded Moroz and his granddaughter Snegurochka were in effect put under house arrest. They were completely isolated, but not before Snegurochka had managed to dispatch an appeal to her adopter brother Jack in a sealed envelope through Jack’s trusted Elf servant ‘Moily’.
* * *
Five days passed.
Meanwhile, the press reporters of ‘Christmas gazette of Russia’ suspected some foul play and started swarming around Ded Moroz’s estate.
“Ded Moroz had decided to lead a life of isolation for some time, and didn’t wish to meet anyone” Koschei informed the press. “He is doing some soul searching like a recluse. Besides, Moroz is weak after having partly recovered from his fever. He needs complete rest” Koschei announced.
“Is any doctor attending him?” one reporter asked.
“Of course!” Koschei said “In fact there are two specialist doctors and three nurses on full-time attendance”.
“How soon is Ded Moroz expected to make his appearance to public again?” A lady reporter came forward with the question, holding her writing pad and pen.
“Sorry, no comments” Koschei said.
“Why won’t you allow any of us to meet him for a private interview?”
“Look! You people have already troubled me enough” Koschei expressed his anger “I give you thirty seconds to disappear. Or else, I will ask my guard to set the bloodhounds upon you”.
Koschei slammed the entrance door on their faces.
* * *
Later in the evening, Koschei and his gang members tried to convince Ded Moroz, not to surrender Russian pride at the feet of Santa Claus. Koschei demanded further increase of funding to his ‘patriotic organization’ to erase Santa’s growing influence in Russia.
Ded Moroz refused to their demands point blank.
“I don’t want to be tough on you” Koshei said, holding a sharp knife “but you are leaving no options to me”.
“What will you do? Kill me?!” Moroz asked with a tone of half defiance, half anxiety.
“Nurse!” Koschei called aloud. 
A nurse in uniform rushed in. She appeared drunk and smelt of medicine and spirit.
“I should have appointed one nurse for attending to your health” Koschei said with a malicious grin “Anyway, I am appointing her now”.
“A nurse-what for?” Moroz stammered, “I am not sick or bedridden”.
“Of course not!” Koschei agreed “But a nurse can be very useful sometimes, you know”.
Koschei grinned and continued, “She doesn’t have any nursing training, or any formal education. But, nonetheless, she can handle injections…nurse!”
The nurse took out a large syringe, filled it with a bluish liquid from the glass ampoule, and squirted some liquid through the hypodermic syringe. Then she dipped a piece of cotton in spirit and squeezed it.
“What’s that?” Ded Moroz asked, eyeing the syringe with fear. The fear of getting a prickly shot was strongly visible on his face like some severe childhood trauma.
“That will slow down your pulses and stop your heartbeat” Koschei explained “a convenient way to convince people that you had a heart attack. And later, during postmortem, they won’t find a trace of anything in your liver”.
Koschei broke into peals of laughter. “The lady reporter’s concern and enquiries about your health made me realize that you do require a nurse” Koshei giggled “it often pays to listen to other people, provided you adjust that to your advantage”.
“You can’t go that far to achieve your nefarious goals” Ded Moroz blurted, still looking at the syringe with extreme fear “That is plain murder”.
“Don’t teach me how far I can go!” Koschei snapped, “You don’t even know what sort of nice things I have done in the past…………….and by the way, I needn’t order a murder. We have other choices, don’t we baby?” Koschei looked at the nurse with a naughty smile.
“Of course!” the nurse nodded enthusiastically and displayed another red colored ampoule.
“That will make you happy, forever” Koschei said, taking pains to emphasize the words ‘happy’ and ‘forever’. “You will laugh at the doorknob………..sing aloud merrily at the market square, dance with complete strangers…laugh at funeral processions…you’ll be forever happy!”
“For the sake of gratitude for all I have done for you, leave me alone” Moroz pleaded.
“How can I leave you, till our demands are met?” Koschei growled.
“You want me to abandon all friendship attempts with Santa?” Ded Moroz asked with a desperate tone “Is that all you demand?”
“Well, that was our original demands” Koschei said “But now, I want a little more………..you have to resign and appoint one of us, preferably me, as the official gift distributor of children of Russia. We want a piece of pie from your multi-billion ruble empire”.
“Never!” Moroz blurted angrily “So that you can siphon off all the money for your evil projects?”
“We will give you sufficient time to reconsider” Koschei said “And don’t forget: your grand-daughter Snegurochka is under house arrest too!” Then he turned to the nurse and said, “Stop food and water supply to both of them”.
Koshei walked towards the door, stopped abruptly and considered something in his mind. Turning back, he said, “Listen nurse! I don’t intend to kill him though. Saline injections and glucose injections are fine and allowed in copious amount,” Koschei ordered while looking at horror stuck Moroz’s face.
“Sure Sir” the lady nurse said, “I’ll be generous”.
That very same day, Koschei made a declaration to the reporters “Ded Moroz is critically ill and may be unable to continue his normal routine for a long time. He has expressed his unwillingness to continue his role. I am awaiting his final decision, and in his absence I may accept his job, though unwillingly, and with a broken heart”.
* * *
Two days later.
Jack arrived to meet Koschei in Ded Moroz’s Dacha.
“Koschei, please come with me” Jack said, “I have something important to show you”.
“What’s it?” Koschei said with a grumpy tone.
“Why to spoil the suspense?” Jack said “You’ll see it yourself-just come with me outside the mansion”.
“I should take some bodyguards with me” Koshei replied warily.
“Take as many body guards with you as you like” Jack replied.
Koschei, surrounded by his three faithful guards, followed Jack and went outside the Dacha to the vast, lush green lawn. They came upon an old and rusted, enormous iron chest, with embroidery of gold, embedded crystals and gems, lying on the lawn. 
“Break it open” Jack ordered.
Three men, waiting and armed with crowbars attacked the three rusted locks.
Crack! Crack! Crack! The locks broke with loud sound. Then they moved the latches and flung open the iron lid.
Instantly, an enormous hare of the size of a cow sprang out, and bolted off.
“Shoot!” Jack shouted.
A bunch of arrows, followed rapidly by another and yet another, from archers hidden behind the hedges flew at the hare. When it fell down, it looked like a porcupine, with a coat of struck arrows.
“Now rip its stomach”.
A swordsman emerged from behind the tree, dashed forward and split apart its stomach. Instantly, a duck emerged and flapping its wing rapidly, it soared up. An arrow struck the duck with accurate aim and brought it down to the ground.
The swordsman sprang forward, waving his bloodstained naked sword, and with one masterly strike of his sword, he slit open its stomach. He thrust his hand inside its belly and pulled out an egg. Then he ran towards Jack.
“Here it is, master” he said and handed it over to Jack.
Jack held it in his hand, smiled, and turned towards Koschei.
He found that Koschei was feebly moaning “Water! Water!”
Koschei was holding his head with both his hands, and was wobbling.
“What happened?” Jack asked.
“I…I...I am feeling dizzy” Koschei said, “I am feeling very sick. I…I am…I am feeling very weak…as if I will collapse”. Koschei collapsed down on the grass and started moaning.
“Now listen, Koschei” Jack said “That was the same chest you buried under the green oak tree in the island of ‘Buyan’. You see, hiding your soul into some object, to achieve immortality, is like fighting with a double-edged sword. Now you are completely in my power. If ever you disobey me, all I have to do is break this egg”.
“For heaven’s sake, what do you want?” Koschei moaned, and with great effort he stood up.
Jack put his two fingers in his mouth and whistled. Within a few seconds Snegurochka came running.
“She will tell you, what we want,” Jack said.
Snegurochka took a step forward and slapped on Koschi’s face. “You betrayer! You cheat!” Snegurochka screamed, “You were supposed to faithfully serve grandpa. And is this how you repaid him? Will you release him immediately, or should I slap you again?”
“That won’t be necessary” Jack rebuked Snegurochka with a smile “I possess his life”.
Jack turned to Koschei and said, “What do you say?”
“I’ll release Ded Moroz immediately…” Koschei moaned “…and I’ll ask my gang to surrender unconditionally”.
“Good” Jack said “Apart from that, I want you to hand over the command of the army of ‘Liches’ you have secretly built, along with all objects of Phylactery into which you have hidden their souls”.
Jack held the egg high in a dropping gesture, just about to release from his fingers and continued “You must always remember in future, this egg is in my possession. You dare to hatch a dirty plot again, and your soul shall hatch out from this!”

Back to top

Chapter 41
Devil’s scheme
“Beelzebub” Devil commanded “I want you to go to Ded Moroz and ask him to start paying off his debts immediately, before maturity period. Moroz’s days are limited, and I don’t want my money to sink along with him”.
“Will Ded Moroz be able to repay immediately?” Beelzebub expressed his doubt “I guess he is neck deep in debt”.
“I don’t care how he will arrange the money” Devil snapped furiously “let him sell his mother if he wishes”.
Beelzebub bowed silently and left.
He came back two days later, hanging his head down in shame.
“What happened?” Devil demanded angrily.
“I beg your pardon-I didn’t succeed”.
“What! You failed!” Devil thundered, “You know the consequence of failure; don’t you?”
Beelzebub shivered with fright and fell at Devil’s feet and kissed Devil’s boots. “Forgive me my lord” Beelzebub said with a trembling voice.
“Forgive?!” Devil roared, “I don’t know the meaning of that word” Devil removed Beelzebub with a powerful jerk of his feet.
“You must have expected a great reward for this failure; isn’t it Beelzebub?” Devil pulled out a voodoo doll with Beelzebub’s face and a nail from his drawer. Then he pulled out a rolled parchment from his robe and placed all of them on the table “Tell me how I should reward you, Beelzebub? You have two choices. Should I throw this parchment in the glowing embers?”
Beelzebub broke into a sob like a small child. With folded hand he prayed, “Please don’t be so angry master”.
“Oh! Shouldn’t I?” Devil mocked “I am supposed to be very happy over my right-hand person returning empty handed; isn’t it?” Devil looked at Beelzebub with a severe frown “Now tell me what happened” Devil scolded Beelzebub harshly.
“Moroz refused to pay anything before the time period as stipulated in the agreement” Beelzebub spoke guiltily like a condemned person about to be hanged.
“I see!” Devil spoke in a bitter tone, displaying his cold anger. “I’ll have to adopt another strategy. By borrowing money, Ded Moroz has swallowed the hook. He simply can’t digest my money”. Devil’s voice had an uncanny undertone of vengeance.
A grin appeared on Devil’s face “I heard that Santa Claus was considering a monetary package for Moroz-what do you say?”
“It’s true, my Lord” Beelzebub said, still trembling with fear “Santa Claus and his cousin Sinterklaas were considering monetary help to Ded Moroz”.
“So Santa was pulling out my prey?” Devil said with terrifying laughter. “Let me see how much money this generous Santa Claus is willing to cough out. And let me see how Moroz will refuse to repay! I’ll devastate Ded Moroz. And I’ll severely punish Santa Claus”.
“Are you planning to assassinate Santa Claus?” Beelzebub asked with deep suspicion in his eyes.
“Nonsense” Devil growled “I want him alive”.
“You mean kidnapping Santa for torture?”
“Nope, something better” Devil replied “I heard that Moroz’s granddaughter has attained marriageable age! Why didn’t that ever occur to you?” Devil grinned “And, why haven’t you ever thought of Santa’s wife?”
“You mean?” Beelzebub exclaimed, “You can’t be serious! Do you really mean that?”
“Of course, I really mean it. And I am dead serious” Devil replied “Aren’t they planning to go out for a hunting expedition in the Black forest soon?” Devil licked his lips like a wolf, and a glint of revenge appeared on his eyes.

Back to top

Chapter 42
The Hunting Party
Santa’s secretary-cum-manager ‘Knecht Ruprecht’ led the hunting party. They entered deep in the Black forest, according to schedule. Beelzebub managed to obtain a copy of the schedule and hand it over to Devil, who was inflamed with anger and revenge like a mad dog.
Ruprecht was dressed like ‘Odin’, wearing a hat, carrying a spear and riding a Norwegian eight-legged ‘Sleipnir’ horse. Instead of two ravens, he was carrying his two pet eagles on his shoulders, which he had named as ‘Hugin’ and ‘Munin’ after the names of Odin’s ravens. His greyhound and bloodhound ran ahead of his galloping white horse.
It was unbelievable to see Knecht Ruprecht in this role. He hardly appeared a white-collar person anymore, but looked like a professional hunter: even his leather boots were soaked in mud. A second nature of his character was emerging! But then, he had been taking a few weeks leave every year to take part in trekking expeditions in the Alps & Andes and such ‘wild hunts’ in the black forest.
As a token of emerging mutual friendship, Santa Claus and Ded Moroz also took part in this hunt for the first time.
The female group followed the male group. After much arguments and reluctance, Ded Moroz had finally agreed to let his granddaughter Snegurochka join the hunting party. She was sitting in the horse drawn black carriage along with Mrs. Santa Claus. The shining black carriage often jerked uncomfortable in the narrow forest road of the wooded mountain range.
The leading hunting group had to stop at times to let the trailing ladies group catch up.
They travelled several hours, heading for the Danube river, where they had planned to camp at night. On both side of the road, there was a dense growth of conifers-mostly pines and firs, which blocked out most of the sunlight.
All of a sudden, Knecht Ruprecht pulled the reins. His horse stopped abruptly, rising on its back legs and neighing loudly. Then it stood still on all its eight legs.
Ruprecht raised his hand to signal the party behind to stop.
When the carriage stopped, Snegurochka raised the glass pane and craned out her head to glimpse outside.
She was amazed by what she saw. About a hundred yards ahead of them, a deer was grazing quietly. A strip of sunlight was falling on the back of the deer. Its fleece was yellowish and was shining like gold!
“I had only heard tales of the ‘Golden deer of Artemis’ till now” Snegurochka said to Mrs. Santa in a mesmerized tone “I have never seen one like this before”.
The whole hunting group stood motionless and speechless, watching the natural wonder.
All of a sudden, the deer stopped grazing, raised its head, and glanced at them. Then it started running away.
“It’s escaping-the golden deer” Ruprecht shouted “we must get it. We can’t miss this golden opportunity. Let’s get it, guys”. He charged at the swiftly running deer along with most of the hunters.
“You must get it alive” Snegurochka shouted after them.
Within seconds, they all vanished out of view.
The remaining people, mostly ladies, and three hunters remained rooted to their spots waiting patiently.
About half an hour passed, but the hunters didn’t return.
“There it is” someone shouted, pointing in the backward direction of the carriage “it must have simply taken a semi-circular path through the forest and deceived them. They have gone in the wrong direction”.
“Let’s get it!” another person shouted. All three hunters charged at the deer. Ded Moroz followed them. Mr. Santa started following Ded Moroz reluctantly.
“You stay behind, honey” Mrs. Santa Claus shouted after her husband “You look ill. I’m worried something might happen to you if you join the chase”.
“Nonsense!” Santa Claus shot back with hurt pride “If Moroz can go, so can I. Or else he will think I have grown too old”. He wiped the sweat from his forehead, and joined the chase.
Now only Mrs. Santa, Snegurochka, and their lady attendants were left.
Another ten minutes passed.
“There it is!” Snegurochka pointed towards the front of her carriage “it has deceived them again”.
Mrs. Santa Claus craned her head outside the carriage and said, “You are right! How clever it is! Or maybe it is another one?”
“I don’t think so” Snegurochka said “look carefully. One of its branching horns is half broken. I have noticed that every time”.
“You are right” Mrs. Santa said, “It has deceived everyone as if it were an optical illusion”. She was stunned by her own words. A sudden fear appeared on her face.
“What happened?” Snegurochka asked.
“Illusion!” Mrs. Santa whispered “Can’t you see…The golden deer appeared twice, each time drawing off some men, till there are none left. I smell a rat. This might have been…must be a trap!” her voice trembled as she spoke.
“What do you want to-“
Before Snegurochka could complete, they were both startled by a sudden howl.
They glimpsed outside, and saw that the deer had raised its head towards the sky and was howling like a wolf.
The half-broken horn on its head broke from the base and fell off.
The other horn fell off too. Its teeth became sharper and shining canines emerged. It got furrier, its shape changed, till it turned into a huge ferocious wolf, howling even louder.
A volley of dozens of distant reply howls entered their ears.
Another volley of howls arrived. It seemed that a whole pack of wolves was rushing towards them from all directions, encircling them completely.
“They are closing in on us-the wolves!” Snegurochka said with a trembling voice “I suppose it will be wise to move away immediately”.
“You are right!” Mrs. Santa replied. Fear and urgency appeared in her voice too.
At that instant, a distant rumbling of horse hooves came from the backside of the coach.
“Ah, we are saved!” Snegurochka said, “they are returning back”.
Mrs. Santa listened to the sound carefully and appeared even more terrified. Her face was white as chalk with horror. “We are in even greater danger now” she blurted out “only five men, including my husband and your grandfather, went in that direction. Listen to the sound of hooves: several dozen horses are coming. It’s a deadly trap-they are after us”.
Snegurochka froze with fear. “You are right” she whispered.
“Ladies, let’s escape immediately” Snegurochka shouted at their lady attendants on horsebacks. “Come on, drive as fast as you can” she ordered her coachman.
The coachman whipped his horses and immediately they sped off.
As they passed along the huge ferocious wolf, it bared its canines, growled loudly and leapt at the coachman. It snapped the coachman’s shoulder and brought him down to the ground instantly. Before anyone could even realize what was happening, it dragged the profusely bleeding coachman into the deep forest.
Snegurochka noticed some black furry object hurling past the coachman’s seat and glanced forward through the coachman’s small open window. “Oh my god!” She gave out a shrill cry.
“The carriage is running at full speed without a coachman!” Snegurochka shouted with horror.
Mrs. Santa was so stunned that she couldn’t even react or utter a sound.
Snegurochka craned out her head outside and shouted at the top of her voice “Please someone save us”.
The lady attendants were galloping as fast as they could. The coach was trailing far behind them. Nobody even heard Snegurochka’s scream.
“I can’t drive a coach” Snegurochka said “but I must occupy the coachman’s seat”.
She opened the side door. Holding the edge of the roof for support, and an iron rod as footing, she inched her way on the perilously jerking coach. Somehow, she managed to reach the front end from outside the carriage. Then holding the roof edge tightly, she swung and managed to reach the coachman’s seat.
All their lady attendants had disappeared from view, and several dozen of Devil’s henchmen were chasing the carriage. They were hardly two hundred yards behind them, and rapidly approaching the carriage.
The main road had a narrow left branch. Snegurochka suddenly took a left turn.
The carriage was running at full speed and almost overturned.
“What are you doing?” Mrs. Santa shouted “All our ladies went straight ahead”.
“I don’t know” Snegurochka shouted back “I acted on impulse. Now it’s too late to turn back”.
“Then drive forward at full speed” Mrs. Santa shouted. She took off her hand gloves and threw them one after another through the coach window.
By now, the chasers had approached within a hundred yards. Two of their fastest men had come within fifty yards.
“Throw off your scarf” Mrs. Santa commanded.
“Why?”
“It will make it easier for our rescue party to locate us”.
The road was very bad. Still they sped, bouncing and tilting dangerously.
They reached a deep gorge. There was an old hanging bridge, just wide enough to allow a carriage to pass. It was so old that the wooden planks were covered with moss and the ropes appeared to have rotten.
Snegurochka drove over the deep gorge at full speed.  The bridge swung dangerously, making loud cracking sound of snapping planks.
The two leading chasers were also galloping over the creaky wooden bridge, making the fragile bridge swing even more violently. They were within a few yards from the coach.
Mrs. Santa Claus picked up a sword and held it tightly.
Just as the carriage passed the bridge, Mrs. Santa slashed one of the supporting ropes. The rope snapped, hurling two horsemen deep in the gorge. The other rope snapped too, and the bridge collapsed.
The chasers stopped abruptly on the other side of the gorge. Then they turned right and galloped along the edge of the gorge at full speed.
Mrs. Santa watched them through the back window and said, “There must be another bridge, towards which they are heading. Let’s move on straight as fast as we can”.
Mrs. Santa threw out her handkerchief. Snegurochka whipped the horses.
The carriage darted ahead at full speed.
The wheel hit a small boulder. The carriage jerked violently and the wheel came off. The carriage tilted and the axle touched the pebble covered ground, making screeching noise.
Snegurochka pulled the reins hard and the carriage came to a halt. She jumped off the coachman’s seat to inspect the problem.
Mrs. Santa Claus also got out of the carriage.
They heard a distant rumbling of horse hooves coming from the right side.
“You were right” Snegurochka said in alarm “there was another bridge over which they have crossed. Now they are after us”.
“We must fix this wheel” there was a panic in Mrs. Santa’s voice as well.
“I think that might not be possible” Snegurockka said “the carriage is too heavy for us to lift the tilting edge and fix the wheel simultaneously. Besides, we don’t have enough time”.
By now, the chasers were within sight.
“Oh my god!” Mrs. Santa exclaimed.
“We must abandon the carriage” Snegurochka said. She untied two horses quickly, and said, “let’s ride away on these two horses”.
Mrs. Santa stood silently.
“What happened?” Snegurochka burst out “We don’t have a moment to lose”.
Mrs. Santa hesitated, shook her head and gave an imploring look. Finally let out her dark secret “I can’t ride a horse”.
“Give me your hand” Snegurochka said and almost pulled her up and placed her on the horseback. Then she carried Mrs. Santa like a young prince carrying off his princess bride.
They galloped forward. The chasers were at their heels. 
Snegurochka looked behind. There were at least two-dozen of them. 
In front of them, there was a deep forest.
“Stop! Or we shall fire” one of them shouted at Snegurochka, aiming his musket.
“We mustn’t surrender” Mrs. Santa said.
“I’ll never surrender” Snegurochka replied back to Mrs. Santa “he must be bluffing”. She headed straight towards the forest.
Bang! Bang!!
Two shots reverberated with ear blowing loudness, but missed the target.
“Guys get them!” the commander of the chasers shouted at his men “I’ll hang all of you if you miss them. I want them alive”.
Snegurochka was whipping her horse frantically.
They entered the deep forest, with the Devil’s henchmen in close pursuit.
Snegurochka dodged to the left to deceive them and disappeared in the thick woods.
All of a sudden, the chasers lost sight of them. The leader ordered his men to split into three groups and hunt them down. One headed straight ahead, the second towards right, and the third one continued to follow them.
“They’ll hear the sound of our horse hooves” Mrs. Santa said.
“Sorry, but we can’t avoid that” Snegurochka said, “It will be foolhardy and downright foolishness to stop here”.
They galloped away. The third group of chasers heard them and continued their chase.
Suddenly the horse lurched to one side. Both Snegurochka and Mrs. Santa were thrown off.
The horse galloped away.
“Oh, my foot” Mrs. Santa yelled “I have sprained my ankle”.
“Come on. Let’s run!” Snegurochka said.
“I can’t even move” Mrs. Santa moaned, “My ankle might have fractured”.
“Then, let’s move to that huge fallen tree” Snegurochka said and dragged along Mrs. Santa.
Somehow, they managed to cover thirty yards and reach the fallen oak tree. They hid among the branches.
The chasers had almost reached them. They were rapidly closing in on them.
* * *
Mrs. Santa held her fist tightly over Snegurochka’s mouth “Remain absolutely still, my child”. They watched the horse riders passing barely a few metres away.
The chasers started encircling the very spot where both of them were lying.
There was no escape.
Snegurochka lifted a stone and hurled it. It struck the trunk of a distant pine tree, with a loud noise.
“There they are! Get them!” They charged at the pine tree
“Now let’s run!” Snegurochka said and dragged along Mrs. Santa.
They ran as fast as they could. Mrs. Santa was limping and her face was twitching with extreme pain.
Hardly had they ran two hundred yards, they reached a hill. They hadn’t seen it earlier due to the dense forest.
The chasers were returning back. This time they were both trapped.
They ran along the foot of the cliff. “We can’t compete with their fast horses” Snegurochka said “They will catch us within moments. Let’s climb the cliff”.
They climbed, panting and gasping. Mrs. Santa was limping painfully and Snegurochka was pulling her hands with all her might.
The pursuers saw them climbing.
They abandoned their horses and started climbing too. They followed both of them to the top of the cliff. On the other side, the cliff face was vertical, dropping down hundreds of feet. There was a raging torrential river flowing beneath.
There was absolutely no escape. They were hopelessly trapped.
The pursuer had almost reached them.
“Let’s jump off the cliff” Snegurochka cried in desperation.
“Oh my God! That will be suicide” Mrs. Santa almost burst in tears “I don’t want to die”.
“Jump!” Snegurochka shouted.
“No!” Mrs. Santa pleaded, “I can’t swim”.
Mrs. Santa looked down and shivered. She held her head tightly with both her hands “I am feeling dizzy. I am extremely afraid of heights since my childhood”. She looked pale and on the verge of fainting with fear.
Mrs. Santa gave out a faint moan and started collapsing.
“No!” Snegurochka shouted after her. “Take a big leap forward. If you just drop down, you may hit some rock and break your head” Snegurochka bent forward, within a split second and extended her hand. She was just able to catch the tip of Mrs. Santa’s fingers. They were moist and slippery. They slipped from Snegurochka’s hand, and down she fell like a ripe fruit.
A few moments later she fell on the river with a splashing sound.
“Oh my God! She will drown!” Snegurochka exclaimed in horror. 
She took a deep breath, filling her lungs to the utmost capacity, raised her hands, brought the palms together, and posing like a diver; she leapt forward, off the cliff’s edge.
Moments later, she was struggling in the raging muddy water, swimming towards Mrs. Santa. She saw drowning Mrs. Santa’s head and hands popping out of water occasionally, as she was being swept away by the powerful current. 

Back to top

Chapter 43
The ransom letter
Ded Moroz and Mr.Santa Claus were in a state of deep shock. They pledged to join hand in the search and rescue.
Next day, the search party found Snegurochka’s scarf and Mrs Santa’s handkerchief. It became clear that both of them have been kidnapped. But the search party found no further clues.
Two days passed.
Moroz’s friends Gwaizdor and Telapo had arrived to offer him consolations and hearten him up. Santa Claus and his cousin Sinterklaas were also present in the same hall.
There was an air of depression and gloom in the room. Both Santa and Ded Moroz appeared heart-broken with sorrow and anxiety.
The atmosphere changed abruptly when they received a ransom letter, written in blood.
The letter was addressed to Mr. Santa Claus. Apart from an astronomical ransom demand for the release of Mrs. Santa, a postscript was also added:
[P.S. Tell your friend Moroz that her granddaughter Snegurochka is alive and safe. But she is too stunningly beautiful to be released on ransom.]
There was no signature on the letter.
“A poison pen letter!” Santa exclaimed.
“What’s written on that letter?” Ded Moroz demanded anxiously.
Without saying anything, Mr. Santa Claus handed him the letter.
Ded Moroz read it and blurted angrily “Now everything is clear to me. It is all a stage managed affair”.
“What do you mean?” Mr. Santa asked.
“What have you taken me for-a fool? Just tell me why only Mrs. Santa’s release is mentioned. Why there is no mention of release of Snegurochka?”
“Of course they have mentioned about Snegurochka” Santa said “They are refusing to release her”.
“All evidences and logic are pointing at you” Moroz said “When I was scolding Snegurochka for insisting to join the hunting, it was you who interfered. You insisted that she should have some adventure!”
“What do you want to say?” Santa Claus asked warily.
“The kidnappers were your men” Ded Moroz bellowed.
“You are accusing me of kidnap of Snegurochka?” Santa Claus said.
“Yes!!” Ded Moroz thundered.
“But then why should I kidnap my own wife?” Santa asked.
“Just to act innocent!” Moroz hissed in anger “It’s all a stage affair”.
“Oh my God!” Santa said.
Both Telapo and Gwaizdor stood up in Moroz’s support. “Ded Moroz is right” they said “You’ll be paying fake ransom to your own men. Thus your wife will roam free, but Snegurochka will be in your secret custody”.
“What do you intend to do with my granddaughter?” Ded Moroz burst out in anger.
Next moment, his voice changed abruptly to a pleading tone “Please release her without any harm. I shall pay you heavy ransom. She is the dearest to my heart”.
“But how can I release her?” Mr. Santa tried to explain. But before he could say anything, Ded Moroz raised his silver staff “If you don’t release her immediately, I’ll freeze you stone-hard. And then no magician or enchantment can ever thaw you again”.
“Be sensible Moroz” Sinterklaas interrupted instantly “For heaven’s sake, calm down. My cousin is innocent. He is a victim himself like you”.
“What my cousin says is true” Mr. Santa said, “Please believe me”.
“Believe you?” Ded Moroz yelled, “Why should I believe you? You are playing dirty tricks and asking me to believe in your innocence!”
“Oh my God!” Santa blurted again “I don’t know how to convince you”.
“If you really have no hand, then prove it,” Ded Moroz said with a determined tone.
“What proof do you want?” Mr. Santa asked.
“Promise me that you will not try to release your wife alone, but attempt to release my granddaughter as well” Ded Moroz said.
Mr. Santa Claus hesitated and remained silent.
“Will you ditch me and pay the ransom for releasing your wife alone?” Ded Moroz said “And, what about my granddaughter? I trusted your friendship and accepted your invitation for this hunting party. Now it is an acid test of friendship”.
Mr. Santa stood silently, gazing at the floor.
All of a sudden he stood confidently, as if he had strongly made up his mind.
“To prove my innocence….” Santa declared to everybody present “…I will not pay any ransom for releasing my wife; whatever may be the consequences, but join hands with Ded Moroz in the rescue and release of both my wife and Snegurochka”.
On hearing this, Ded Moroz embraced Mr. Santa tightly and kissed his cheek and beard. Thus crisis brought them together as friends, and they swore to trust each other.
* * *
Both of them decided to pool together all their resources and apply their maximum capacity in the rescue efforts.
Mr. Santa asked his ‘helper’, Director Belsnickel, for help.
“Sorry!” Belsnickel said.
Belsnickel even suggested Santa “Pay the ransom to release your wife. Why to take headache on behalf of rascal Ded Moroz?”
“Look, I’m not asking your advice” Mr. Santa replied angrily “I have been heavily funding your ‘Children’s International Association’ for years. You must repay accordingly”.
“My organization has already repaid you more than your money’s worth by offering valuable services…” Belsnickel said “…and besides, I am not your servant. As I always said: I am your helper. I am trying to help to you by suggesting to pay the ransom. That’s the easiest and sweetest solution”.
Ded Moroz asked Koschei, the head of his secret unit, for help.
“We must grasp at the straws to rescue them” Ded Moroz said to convince Koschei.
“I won’t even move a straw without consulting Jack first. Or else he might break the egg” Koschei said, but offered no further explanation. This reply stunned Ded Moroz.
“What egg are you talking about?” Moroz asked with deep irritation. Koschei kept his mouth tight shut.
Another day passed. They received yet another letter written in blood:
Dear Santa and Moroz
Both Snegurochka and Mrs. Santa are in my safe custody. I have decided to double the ransom amount for release of Mrs. Santa. But Snegurochka is too stunningly beautiful to be released on ransom for any amount.
Sincerely,
Lord D
[P.S. Do anything foolhardy and you will never see them again.]
“Oh my god!” Mr. Santa exclaimed, “It’s the Devil himself. He is demanding double ransom!”
Ded Moroz was also thunderstruck. “We are facing an extremely difficult situation” he explained unnecessarily “Rescuing them will be much tougher than we expected”.
Both Moroz and Santa approached the fast emerging leader of Elf-land ‘Makarios Ameer’ for help. ‘Makarios’ politely but firmly refused to get involved in their personal affair and risk direct enmity with powerful Devil. “Devil has partially ditched his ogre, troll and gnome allies after their defeat” Makarios Ameer justified his decision “but getting involved in this will invite trouble for elf-land”.
Disappointment gripped Santa and Moroz. They were facing the worst dilemma in their life.
Finally, Mr. Santa and Ded Moroz agreed on one point. “Jack, the spiritual leader of the dark Halloween world is the only person we are aware of, who has risen enough in power curve to dare to challenge the Devil” Ded Moroz said. “Yes, he is our last hope” Mr. Santa said “we must go to Jack on our knees, whatever may be the consequences”.

Back to top

Chapter 44
Crisis Hours
Jack met his adopted sister Snegurochka in the damp and bleak underground dungeon of Pandemonium.
Snegurochka narrated her story.
“…And then we were both saved from drowning in the torrential stream by those chasers. We were taken to Krampus in the interior of Black forest-“
“Krampus?! Are you sure?” Jack asked in disbelief.
“Yes!” Snegurochka replied with tears in her eyes “Krampus had assured me that I am being kidnapped only for ransom. I shall be returned as soon as the amount is paid. But now, Devil has changed his mind”.
“What do you mean?” Jack asked.
“Devil has set a deadline for me to marry him, or else…” Snegurochka broke in a sob.
“Or else what?” Jack asked.
Snegurochka didn’t say anything, but silently wiped her tears. She pointed at a small model of a guillotine lying on the prison table. “Devil kept it there himself as a reminder for me. That’s what my fate holds if I refuse…”
“Oh that son-of-a-bitch!” Jack burst out with rage “How shameful of him even to dream of marrying an underage girl! He has no respect for a lady’s refusal!”
At that very moment, one of the dungeon guards approached them and said “Sorry, the time is up!” Jack recognized instantly that he was one of those who had tortured him and whipped him to the point of death in the torture chamber of that same dungeon. The tortures were so extreme, that at one point, Jack had even considered suicide.
Jack held Snegurochka’s hand and said, “I am afraid I must leave now. I was allowed a very brief meeting….” He pressed Snegurochka’s hand and said in an assuring tone “Don’t worry, my sister. I’ll try my best to release you at the earliest. Have faith in me. And please…for heaven’s sake…don’t do anything rash”.
* * *
Jack met Devil and boldly demanded immediate release of Snegurochka, reminding Devil that she was kidnapped only for ransom.
“I understand that this kidnap was carried out only to forcefully recover Moroz’s debt” Jack said.
“What makes you think so?” Devil asked playfully, cleaning his fingernails.
“Since the ransom amount you had demanded was equal to the amount Moroz owes you with interest. I assure you that Moroz will be able to borrow that amount from Santa and Sinterklaas and pay you ransom”.
“You are absolutely confused my friend” Devil said, “I had demanded that ransom for the release of Mrs. Santa. I never demanded a single penny for Snegurochka”.
“You can get the same ransom amount for Snegurochka as well” Jack said.
“Snegurochka is too stunningly beautiful to be released on ransom. She deserves the hand of the most suitable suitor; she’s mine. Besides, my conscience simply won’t allow me to release her: it has become a prestige issue to me” Devil replied. “And regarding the ransom amount you are suggesting” Devil continued “I shall get it anyway. I have doubled the ransom amount for Mrs. Santa! Instead of lending to Moroz to pay me, Santa can directly pay me”.
“Where is Mrs. Santa?” Jack asked in an outrageous tone “I didn’t see her in the dungeon”.
“Why do you need to know that?” Devil asked in a humorous tone “Do you want to have an affair with her?” Devil broke into peals of laughter at his own silly joke. His henchmen surrounding him also broke into guffaws of laughter.
When their laughter ceased, Devil said, “For your kind information, she is in the basement, safely locked. I suppose she will find it as comfortable as her home, baking cookies there”.
Again there was an outburst of laughter.
“You must respect a young lady’s wish” Jack protested “You can’t marry Snegurochka against her will”.
“Don’t show your temper to me!” Devil became furious “Are you going to teach me what I can and what I can’t do?”
“Snegurochka is absolutely innocent” Jack said “You must release her immediately”.
“What if I don’t?” Devil said. He pulled out a rolled parchment from his overcoat “And regarding you…do you know what will happen to you if I throw this parchment in the eternal flames of embers?”
Devil tucked the parchment back and said “I have always thought of doing that, and rather have an uncontrollable impulse of throwing that in the burning embers”. He turned his face and shouted “Guards!! Remove away Jack instantly from my sight”.
Beelzebub approached Devil, and whispered in his ears “Why don’t you throw the parchment in burning embers right now?”

Back to top

Chapter 45
Deadly Dilemma
Jack was torn apart by internal conflict, while making his final decision.
“On one hand, I must rescue my sister Snegurochka” Jack said to his closest friend Barbarossa “On the other hand; there is real possibility of my horrible death looming high”.
“Since he has not thrown the parchment in the embers yet…” Barbarossa said “…there is very good probability that he won’t do that in future either. He might be merely bluffing”.
“Please tell clearly what is in your mind” Jack said.
“As your true friend I suggest that let the status quo continue” Barbarossa replied “Why to take such terrible risk and confront Devil right now? Take your own time to obtain and safely destroy that parchment”.
“And in the meanwhile, what will happen to Snegurochka?”
“You have to sacrifice something” Barbarossa replied with a deep sigh “After all she is only your adopted sister”.
“How can you say that to me?” Jack reacted harshly.
“I am sorry…I deeply hurt your feelings…” Barbarossa replied “…but this is such a terrible dilemma that there is no easy solution. No easy way out! You have to choose between two evils. You must! And I can’t bear to see you burning in the eternal flames”.
“But eternal submission to maniac Devil is no guarantee against his evil intentions; he is a mad dog” Jack tried to reason.
Arguments and counter-arguments continued throughout the whole night.

Back to top

Chapter 46
Gearing for confrontation
Jack took the bold step to fight against Devil, whatever his fate had in store for him.
He faced the daunting or rather impossible task of gathering a massive army against Devil in the shortest possible time.
“You have seen the power of the scepter of Elf-land yourself” Jack said to Makarios Ameer “Even a broken piece has changed your fate. Now you are fast emerging as the supreme leader of Elf-land”
“True!” Makarios Ameer admitted reluctantly. He didn’t like to admit that he wasn’t creating his own good fortune with his own hands.
Jack confessed to ‘Makarios Ameer’ of the whereabouts of the remaining part of the broken scepter of Elf-land. 
“It is in Devil’s possession?” Makarios asked in disbelief.
“Yes. And, until you recover the remaining half” Jack said “the Elf-population will never accept you as the ‘Blessed Prince’ and the true heir to the throne of Elf-land. And besides…the prophecy says that there can be no permanent peace in Elf-land till the scepter is restored back in its original glory”.
“So what’s your suggestion?” Makarios asked gravely.
“Devil will never hand you the broken piece peacefully” Jack said “the more you’ll try to convince him, the more adamant he will become”.
“Hmmm….” Makarios considered deeply.
“Therefore, gather an army against Devil” Jack tried to convince “rather than against ogres and trolls of Iceland”.
“You want me to abandon my plans of a final assault against our enemies and launch the attack on Devil instead?” Makarios asked.
“If you want the remaining scepter, then yes!” Jack said.
* * *
Jack approached Baba Yaga, now President of all factions of witches.
She agreed to raise an army of witches from across the globe in the shortest possible time.
“Frankly speaking” Jack confessed, “I am really surprised that you agreed to my plans without any conditions and without any opposition”.
“That’s simply because I am looking forward for the big conflict. The great conflict!” Baba Yaga said, “I have a personal score to settle against the Devil”. Her voice was harsh and her eyes started glowing like red-hot charcoal.
* * *
“I have written a letter to my ‘ghost wife’ in India” Jack said to Barbarossa “I have asked her to recruit and raise an army of ghosts in my name as soon as possible, taking help of her chieftain uncle if needed” Jack said.
“And I have made arrangement for three ghostly galleons for them” Barbarossa replied, “I mean only for those who will be unwilling to make this long journey gliding through the air” Barbarossa added hastily as clarification.
“Thank you my friend” Jack said “Money is not a problem presently. Mr. Santa, his fabulously rich cousin Sinterklaas and Ded Moroz have already paid the equivalent of the demanded ransom to me as advance. They have assured to fund me generously. I’ll have access to the fabled coffers”.
Barbarossa was leaving, when Jack called him back.
“I’m sorry, I forgot to ask” Jack said, “Have the ‘liches’ army of Koschei gathered yet”.
“Yes” Barbarossa replied “They have been lodged temporarily in makeshift camps”.
“Good!” Jack said, appearing pleased “…raise the red alert at the forts of the ‘Chinese Vampires’ in Varna and Constanta. Ask them to start gathering their armies of Jiangshi. And order them in my name to keep the ‘Chinese battle Dragons’ ready for battle at a moment’s notice”.
* * *
The sun had set about half an hour ago beneath the horizon. The sky had a beautiful hue of reddish orange, as darkness was approaching.
Jack took a quick survey of the massive gathering at the ‘Halloween Ground’. Halloween creatures of all sorts had gathered from far and wide at Jack’s call. Vampires flapped their black skinny wings; ghosts hovered in the air or glided effortlessly here and there; ghouls and zombies swayed unsteadily like living corpses. Occasionally a few werewolves gazed at the skies and raised blood-chilling howls. The gargoyles appeared rather disturbed and irritated by such howling choruses. They thumped their stone-hard chests like gorillas.
Jack placed his mouth at the metal funnel “I am Jack, also known as Jack-o-Halloween-” Before he could complete, the crowd cheered, “Long live the pumpkin king!” “Long live Jack!” etc.
Jack waited for a few moments and then signaled them to silence.
“We have gathered here for an important decision” Jack shouted as loudly as he could “As you are aware, Devil has gripped our Halloween world with his invisible tentacles. Devil’s world of hell is separate from our world, and so are our interests and his hellish interests”.
Jack took another survey to observe their reactions. He was disappointed at their lackluster response and lack of enthusiasm. “Our entire Halloween world is at stake” Jack continued, “Devil’s whimsical decrees are snatching away our freedom. His tentacles are suffocating us. Devil intends to rule us mercilessly with an iron fist and to keep us under his boots”.
Jack spoke passionately. “It’s now or never! Won’t you all wish to enjoy freedom?”
There was a mixed and half-enthusiastic response “Yes!” “No!”
“Won’t you rise, for the cause of Halloween?” Jack tried his best to arouse them against Devil, but he felt depressed that his efforts were not having its desired effects.
Again there was a mixed reaction. Neither the voice of agreement, nor the refusal overwhelmed the other.
Jack wiped the sweat from his forehead. It’s time for the trump card. It’s now, or never!
“Won’t you fight to preserve the brightness of Jack-o-Lantern?” Jack picked up his ‘Jack-o-Lantern’ from beneath the podium, and held it high.
The glowing mascot of their world intently captured their attention, just as a glowing candle does to nocturnal insects. There was a thundering roar from the massive gathering.
“Rather than laying it down at the feet of Devil, I shall douse it myself. I swear I will!” Jack threatened loudly “Do you want the eternal flame to die forever?”
Jack could feel the podium vibrate with the booming cries “No! No! Never!”
“Then make up your mind” Jack shouted as loudly as his lungs allowed “Give a clear and final verdict”
The crowd roared with one voice “Long live Jack! Let devil go to hell”.
“Will you fight against Devil?” Jack shouted, “Will you pick up arms?”
“Yes!” “Yes!” “We will! We will!” The ground shook as they thumped their feet in excitement. Ghosts raised shrill cries as they whizzed through the air.
Jack took a deep breath and filled his lungs to the utmost. Then he placed his mouth at the funnel and shouted at the top of his voice “Then gather all our Halloween brothers and sisters from across the globe. Spread the message: Our world is at stake. Every Halloween creature must do his duty”.
The podium and the ground shook again.
“I repeat…” Jack shouted “…will you loyally join Jack-o’-Halloween’s camp?”
“Yes!!” There was a booming reply “We will!” “We will!”
* * *
“Regarding your plans of raising an army of ghosts from India, there seem to be a problem” Barbarossa said.
“You mean no ghosts are willing to join our fight?” Jack asked
“Did I say that?” Barbarossa replied, “Of course they are perfectly ready to volunteer their life…I mean their afterlife”.
“Then what is the problem?” Jack frowned.
“They are jumping on their feet at the mere mention of ‘fight in a foreign land’. Out of these five words, the word ‘foreign’ is the most magical, which is doing the trick. It taps rights into their most abnormal desire”.
“Huh! Speak in simpler language” Jack rebuked “Tell me about the problem!”
“The problem is something else, Jack!” Barbarossa said, “There is a population of millions and millions of ghosts in India. The words ‘foreign’ and ‘opportunity abroad’ are spreading like wildfire. Already, swarms of thousands and thousands of Indian ghosts are immigrating, with no intention of ever returning back”.
“What!!!” Jack almost fell from his chair in astonishment.

Back to top

Chapter 47
The Final Clash
One of Jack’s commanders pointed at a red dot on the large wall map “This…is Bistritz, the capital of Bistrita County in Transylvania. A large unit of Devil’s army has camped north of this city on the bank of Bistrita River. The situation is alarming!”
He looked at everyone with a grim face, observing the anxiety appearing on their faces. He wiped his face with his sleeve and continued, “I am sure, their target is ‘Castle Dracula’ and ‘Halloween grounds’. They must be planning to cross the Tihuta pass…” He touched on a spot on the Bargau range in Eastern Carpathian Mountains, with his pointer stick “…Here…I am sorry, it’s marked Borgo Pass on this old map…they’ll cross this pass and enter the realm of count Dracula. And if they succeed….” He shook his head with a sigh, without saying anything further.
“That’s serious” Jack said, “We can’t afford to lose ‘Castle Dracula’ and our sacred ‘Halloween grounds’ under any circumstance. It will be highly demoralizing to our armies. They are launching a psychological attack”.
“How far are our own units from the Borgo pass?” Barbarossa asked anxiously.
The general wiped his face again and tried to smile “luckily, the two battalions we had dispatched three days ago have travelled in parallel paths along this Prut and Siret rivers and must have reached the mouth of the rivers. They will clash with the enemies soon”.
* * *
The clash had already started, sooner than the military planners sitting around the table had expected. The fourth wave of shield walls clashed with a splatter of blood, clanking of swords and shields. Hundreds of long spears plunged through the ribs and hearts of soldiers on both sides.
Waves after waves of soldiers entered the slaughter zone. Wounded and bleeding soldiers piled on top of each other. The battle was so fierce that nobody even cared to remove the dead bodies.
Mr. Ebonite was one of the low-ranking elf soldiers in Jack’s army unit. He almost felt like vomiting with disgust at the sight and smell of bloodshed all around him.
All around him blood was splattering like showers. The air was filled with angry swearing and deep moans, cracking sound of blades cutting into bones, clanking of armors, gunshots of muskets, and occasional rumbling of distant canons.
When evening fell, Mr. Ebonite was one of the very few elf soldiers, who escaped unharmed.
Whether he was lucky or not was difficult to tell.
He watched the severed limbs and heads of fallen warriors all around him. Trolls and elves, zombies and ogres, vampires and werewolves…all lied peacefully as equals.
Several workers were collecting the helmets, and armors of fallen warriors like scavengers. Only the bodies of commanders, generals and high-ranking soldiers were being carried away for burial or funeral. The rest were being abandoned to rot or being devoured by wolves and vultures.
Mr. Ebonite watched with unbearably intense agony, as one elf soldier lay moaning on the ground, clutching the deep wound in his chest. Fresh blood was still dripping out of it. There was hardly any hope left; only the suffering would be prolonged.
Mr. Ebonite held his sword like a dagger, closed his eyes, and whispering, “forgive me, lord”, he plunged the sword in the heart of the suffering elf.
He clutched his own hairs and broke in a sob “Oh my God! Why doesn’t someone stop this madness?”
* * *
Back in Jack’s headquarters near Galatz, about thirteen miles away from the confluence of Danube and Siret rivers, a battle of quite different sort and intensity was raging on.
A short heighted general, with long pointed ears, stood up. He looked half-human, half-elf. He straightened his back. “I have a daring and ambitious plan” he announced confidently “Drive a stake in the enemy’s heart”.
Instantly, two extremely pale-skinned vampire generals bared their fangs and frowned in revolting disgust. “Never speak of driving a stake through the heart,” one of the vampires protested fiercely.
The speaker cleared his throat and said apologetically “What I mean is…attack the enemy’s backbone”. The vampire generals calmed down a bit, but still grumbled. The speaker pointed at the map and continued, “Now look here…this is Devil’s headquarters, about 65 miles east of Budapest, on the bank of Tisza River. Devil thinks he is absolutely safe there-“
“And isn’t he really safe there?” a plain human-looking general remarked in a sarcastic tone “Devil’s headquarters is four hundred miles away from here. The Transylvanian plateau between us is swarming with Devilish forces and camps. And what about the horseshoe shaped arc of another four hundred miles of high Carpathian and Transylvanian Alps, blocking any direct assault…” he left his words trailing with a whisper which sounded like “…. you moron”.
The two vampire generals, who were offended earlier by the speaker, picked this opportunity and grinned. One of them commented “Would you say next ‘There shall be no Carpathians’ or something like that?”
The speaker looked at them angrily and swallowing his anger, he continued “When Subedei Bahadur, the general of Genghis Khan came to conquer Budapest in 1241 A.D. he divided his army and sent them in three branches: one of the columns by a northern route, another through Transylvania in the south and the third directly. He knew that the enemy can’t block all of them simultaneously, and at least one would reach Budapest….” He paused for a breath “…. and in fact, Devil’s headquarter in nearer than Budapest by around sixty miles. As I said, this is an ambitious plan-“
“Say overambitious plan” the human looking general stressed in an attacking tone “a flawed plan”.
“Why?” the speaker reacted, defending himself fiercely “Even Napoleon divided his forces, and advanced in several columns in Italian campaign-“
“Don’t teach me human history” the general replied sharply “Being a werewolf, I am more human than a half-elf like you. And I am from battle school myself”.
Jack rose up and said loudly “Calm down please. Don’t turn your heated debate into a battle!” Then he turned to the human looking werewolf and said, “Do you have any better plans?”
“Of course!” he replied triumphantly “we should try ‘pretended retreat’, and let our enemy chase us, leaving their strategic positions and becoming disorganized and weak-“
“Showing our backs to our enemy?” The semi-elf objected harshly “Such plan arises in the heads of cowards only. Our brave soldiers will lose their faces”.
“Yes, they will lose their faces!” the werewolf reacted “But they won’t lose their heads! Besides, your cited hero ‘Genghis Khan’ and his army of horse-archers were the greatest experts in this technique” he turned to Jack and said “we will lead them to deadly trap, where hordes of our werewolf warriors will lie in wait. We’ll tear them to pieces and feed on the carcasses”.
“Huh!” the semi-elf reacted “You think we can wait till full moon night for this to happen?”
* * *
Tension prevailed in Devil’s camp as well.
“How many gargoyles do they have in their command?” Devil asked gravely.
“About three hundred” one human sized demon replied.
“Only three hundred!?” a smile appeared on Devil’s face.
The demon general bowed down and said, “please don’t feel offended, but the number is not a matter of joke. Gargoyles have impenetrable armor and stone hard bodies…luckily they exhibit poor maneuverability, or else they would have been quite invincible. Our centaur archers would face a challenging task-“
“How many archers do they command?” Devil snapped.
“They have gathered around fifty thousand of the finest elf archers. They can fire, volley of arrows in such quick succession, that the projectile arrows shadow the sun in the battlefield, temporarily”.
“How many archers and cavalry have we gathered up yet?” Devil asked anxiously.
“Our cavalry consist almost entirely of our brave centaurs….” a centaur general, said proudly, stepping forward. He had the upper parts of a man and the body of a horse “...and more than half of the entire archers too”.
“How many centaurs do you command?” Devil asked.
“About four thousand, my Lord”.
“Only four thousand?” Devil asked.
“That’s all I could gather from the Black forest” the centaur general replied.
“We needn’t worry, my Lord” a huge Icelandic troll said in a boastful tone “we will completely dominate the battle in hand to hand combat. A blow of our mace will hurl dozens of elves tens of feet away; crush their bones and turn them into lumps of flesh”.
“And how many of such brave warriors adorn your badge?” Devil asked with a frown.
“Ogres and trolls of Iceland combined; we count more than sixty thousand. We will dominate the battlefield”.
“Good!” Devil sighed in relief and smiled.
* * *
After the military meeting was over, Beelzebub requested a meeting with Devil: in private.
“Why don’t you throw Jack’s parchment in the burning embers?” Beelzebub asked.
“That will douse my burning anger, no doubt” Devil said with a dry smile “I’ll have my revenge on Jack that way, but…it won’t serve my purpose”.
Devil threw his burning cigar outside his tent.
“It’s too late for that” Devil said “Jack had already gathered a massive army, in such an unbelievable short time”.
“But I didn’t get the answer to my question” Beelzebub dared to say.
“If Jack dies, they will immediately choose someone else to lead their armies against me” Devil replied “Don’t forget that the parchment can be used for inflicting revenge only once! And besides, I don’t want him to become a respected martyr”.
Devil picked up the table-knife and pressed his forefinger and thumb of his left hand on the sharp blade. Then he slowly pulled the knife a few inches and was fascinated by the redness of his own blood on the knife-edge. He put his thumb and forefinger in his mouth and sucked it. He looked like a ferocious, hungry wolf with hatred and vengeance in his eyes. He seemed to savor the taste of his own blood.
Devil’s smile broadened into a grin “Of course I’ll burn that parchment in the embers-keep no doubt in your mind about it. But, only after my purpose is fulfilled and Jack becomes absolutely worthless”.
* * *
Reconnaissance efforts were at its height on both sides.
Mr. Santa Claus had lent about a thousand reindeers and around two hundred flying sledges from his reindeer stables and workshop in North Pole. Jack had issued orders to his trained personnel to dress like Santa and fly over Devil’s bases, collecting information.
A short heighted elf entered Jack’s camp. They stopped their discussions and asked “what news do you bring Mr. Tenderleaf?’
The elf bowed down and replied, “Our firepower is almost equally matched-about ninety canons on either side. About four thousand centaurs have assembled in Devil’s camp under the banner of Weihnachtsmann”.
“Weihnachtsmann?” Jack exclaimed, “I thought he was out of the picture, ever since he was ousted by Santa Claus and Ded Moroz”.
“So did I think too” the elf replied “But he was hiding in Argentina all along, and has now joined hand with Krampus of Black forest. Devil has promised to restore both of them to their former positions”.
“Is that all?” Jack asked.
“No, I have more to tell. Devil has gathered around three dozen Romanian and Norwegian dragons, far outnumbering our thirteen Chinese dragons”.
“Oh my God!” Jack exclaimed.
Barbarossa tapped Jack’s shoulder lightly and said, “Don’t lose hope. Let’s hope for the best”.
The Elf messenger stepped forward and said in a reassuring tone “Hadn’t it been for the Dragons, their army would have been completely land based. We could have completely dominated the air with Chinese Dragons, witch armies on broomsticks and thousands and thousands of hovering ghosts”.
Jack gave a faint smile and said, “This only means our airpower is not overwhelming at all”.
One pale skinned Jack’s general stepped forward and said “Our position will greatly improve at night, when our Vampires can come out and transform to bats whenever they wish. Besides, dragons have poor eyesight at night, which shall nullify their advantage of numbers”.
* * *
Barely fifty miles away from the headquarters was the picture entirely different.
Ravin Kidwood was a foot soldier in Jack’s infantry division. He had been posted in the front. Upon receiving order from his sergeant, he and his companions sprang out from their trenches and charged at the enemy. Waving the Jack-o’-Lantern flag in one hand and brandishing the sword in his other hand, he sprang upon the enemy.
Swords glistened like lightning. The battle was raging at its peak, when an ear-blowing roar from the sky brought the battle to an abrupt standstill.
Mr. Ravin looked up.
Two fire-breathing dragons were clashing against each other overhead.
The fluttering of their wings was raising dust storm on the ground. They breathed fire at each other, fought with razor sharp claws and lashed their tails like whips. They raised blood-chilling cries of anger as they clashed.
Several arrows from Elf archers shot up and struck the soft armor in the underbelly of the Romanian Dragon. The dragon ignored them completely and continued its deathly fight with the Chinese Dragon.
The Dragons cast enormous shadows on the ground. Even the shadows of the two battling monsters were frightening to look at.

Back to top

Chapter 48
Turning Point
For three days the two forces fought bitterly on both sides of the Carpathian Mountains and on the Transylvanian plateau: from skirmish in the woods to downright epic battle and hand to hand combat. Death, bloodshed and destruction was visible everywhere.
Jack’s forces had obtained a few victories and captured some strategic positions.
Dying warriors on both sides, who weren’t cremated or buried, becomes ghosts and joined Jack’s army of ghosts. This raised concern in Devil’s camp.
On the fourth day, Barbarossa made a request to Jack.
“I am absolutely bored of sitting in the military council and drawing war plans” Barbarossa said “I want to lead one of your units and fight on the battlefield”.
“No, Barbarossa” Jack said, “It’s much safer for you to sit and make plans. Besides it is more important too. You see, whatever we have gained was primarily due to our solid planning despite material disadvantage”.
“Please, Jack, my friend!” Barbarossa pressed hard “This might be a once in a life opportunity to have a first-hand experience of battlefield”.
“If something happens to you, I can never forgive myself,” Jack said passionately.
“Oh don’t worry!” Barbarossa said, “I shall be extra careful and avoid any unnecessary risks”.
* * *
Barbarossa watched down through his binoculars.
An excessively mutilated and ugly looking Devilish army of hell was passing along the narrow mountain pass.
At the signal of Commander Barbarossa, Jack’s men pushed and rolled down boulders. Within seconds, thousands of boulders came bouncing and rumbling like avalanche down the slopes from both sides of the pass.
Hundreds of Devil’s soldiers were smashed and crushed. Death and devastation rained among the enemy, creating instant panic and making them disorganized. They ran hither and thither for shelter.
On Barbarossa’s signal, his ambushed army came down just like the previous avalanche of boulders on the enemy.  They routed the enemy and achieved a complete victory.
* * *
When the news reached Devil’s camp that one of his Hellish army had fallen right into an enemy trap in the mountain pass, Devil tore his hairs in mad rage.
“Our enemy got the information beforehand” Devil yelled “A spy among us!”
Devil looked at his generals with suspicion.
Devil’s generals looked at each other with suspicion.
Some of them even eyed Devil with suspicion.
“Stop staring at me!” Devil roared like a lion and punched the desk. “That’s ridiculous!  You people are fighting under my banner, for my cause. Obviously it can’t be me! It’s one among you people”.
Devil pulled out a dagger and said “A bad guy among us. A plant from the enemy!” He passed along slowly, inspecting the face of each of his generals minutely, piercingly.
He pressed the blade of his dagger at the throat of one of his generals. “Did you do that?” Devil whispered.
“No my lord” the general stammered.
“Tell me the truth. Or, should I slit your throat?”
“I swear my Lord, I’m innocent”.
Devil passed along. There was a stunning silence. The generals were sweating with fear and unbearable tension.
“Did you do it Beelzebub?” Devil asked, suddenly turning around “Should I throw your parchment in the fires of ember?”
“No my Lord, I swear I didn’t. I am your most trusted. Why should I do it?”
“Haven’t you always dreamt of replacing me?” Devil said.
“Never my Lord” Beelzebub stammered.
“Leave us alone” Devil commanded.
Beelzebub watched helplessly as they walked away, leaving him and Devil alone. Beelzebub sweated and trembled with fear.
Devil laughed and said “Don’t worry Beelzebub, I am not going to slit you throat. Now calm down”.
Beelzebub wiped the sweat from his forehead, eyeing Devil with deep suspicion. It appeared from Beelzebub’s face that he was sure his master was after something, which wasn’t going to be any good.
“A plant!” Devil whispered, “Why didn’t it occur to me before?”
“I couldn’t follow you my lord” Beelzebub said.
“You must do me a favor. Can you buy one of Jack’s closest man’s loyalties?”
* * *
Next day the battle raged as usual, with each side desperate to make it the last day.
After the usual round of reconnaissance, Mr. Tenderleaf, the short heighted elf, entered Jack’s camp, where some serious discussions were going on.
They stopped their discussions and asked, “What news do you bring Mr. Tenderleaf? Anything interesting?”
“Of course!” Mr. Tenderleaf said excitedly “One of Devil’s unit has camped barely twenty miles north of here. I wonder how they managed to reach stealthily up to that position! But we observed that their camps were lying mostly unguarded”.
“I suspect they are aiming to attack our camps” one of Jack’s generals said warily “their target might be our headquarters”.
“There is a bright side to it though” Barbarossa said “As Mr. Tenderleaf said; their camps are lying mostly unguarded”.
Barbarossa turned to Jack and said “Please leave this to me. I want one of your elite units under my command. I’ll strike at them like sitting ducks!”
“No!” Jack replied, “I am sorry”.
“Why?” Barbarossa demanded in a persistent tone.
“Do you have the least idea how I feel in your absence” Jack said, displaying his anger “Last time when you went on your campaigns, I was worried and anxious to death”.
“Oh don’t worry about me” Barbarossa pressed on doggedly “I’ll be all right. Last time, didn’t I bring you absolute victory?”
“Last time I allowed because you promised that you won’t ever go to the front again”.
“Jack, my friend, please allow me this time. I don’t want to miss this opportunity. I promise, this will be the last time. I swear!”
Jack found himself in a deep dilemma.
Finally, Jack said, “Well then, be it so. But henceforth you respect your own promise!”
* * *
After Barbarossa’s unit had covered some twenty-five miles north, they found a clearing in the forest. And right in the middle of it, there was a large, circular wooden fence. Each fence-post was built with a single log, sharpened at the top.
Barbarossa ordered four of his men to take a quick survey around.
“There are three gates, and all of them are poorly guarded” they reported.
“Well then, let’s split into three groups!” Barbarossa ordered.
When they had organized themselves for attack, Barbarossa ordered “At the count of three! One…Two…Three-“
Raising war cry, the three groups charged at the three main entrances. Only three or four soldiers were guarding each gate. They fled in panic.
Without any resistance, they stormed in.
Inside the wooden fortification, there were rows of tents. As per Barbarossa’s instructions they charged towards those tents at their unaware enemies.
To their utter surprise, all the tents were empty!
At that very instant, they were startled by war cry from outside. Swarms of Devil’s soldiers started pouring in through all three gates.
Barbarossa’s men were completely outnumbered within moments. Still the enemies were pouring in droves.
“It is a trap! They were hiding in the forests, awaiting us” Barbarossa shouted “Let’s fight bravely and die like heroes”.
A fierce battle followed. Barbarossa fought like a wounded lion.
Barbarossa fought bravely till he was completely surrounded.
“That’s enough!” the commander of the Devil’s forces ordered “Throw down your arms!”
“Never!” Barbarossa shouted, “I’ll fight till the last drop of my blood”.
They pointed their spears at him from all sides. Two of them pressed the pointed tip of their spears on his neck and chest.
“Hah!” the Devil’s commander said “all your men have surrendered. If you continue fighting, we’ll butcher each of them mercilessly. But if you surrender instantly, we’ll offer you and your men fair and sympathetic treatment”.
Barbarosaa was in the greatest dilemma of his life.
The commander pulled out his sword “Stop thinking” he ordered, “Just do it”.
Barbarossa put down his sword on the ground. Then he removed his musket from the shoulder and laid it down.
One of Devil’s soldiers collected them.
The commander placed the tip of his sword beneath Barbarossa’s chin.
“My policy is ‘take no prisoners’. But sadly I have strict orders to bring you alive!” the commander said with a deep sigh and put back the sword inside his sheath.
Three of Devil’s soldiers grasped Barbarossa, and put handcuffs on his wrists. Then they draped him in chains.
Barbarossa was taken prisoner.

Back to top

Chapter 49
Devil’s demands
Even after two days Barbarossa didn’t return.
Tension and anxiety prevailed in Jack’s camp.
One member of the reconnaissance team entered Jack’s camp.
“What news?” Jack asked with a troubled mind.
“We had seen hundreds of dead bodies lying within the wooden fortification of Devil’s camp. But we couldn’t find a trace of Barbarossa-dead or alive”.
“Anything else?”
“Yes, our group leader Mr. Tenderleaf is also missing”.
Jack signaled him to leave. Then Jack sat gloomily staring at the ticking clock.
* * *
It was midday when a horseman came galloping towards Jack’s cluster of camps, waving Devil’s flag.
The guards at Jack’s headquarter campus aimed their muskets at him.
“It appears to be one of Devil’s men…” one of the guards addressed his superior urgently “Shall we fire Sir?”
The horseman threw down Devil’s flag and waved a white cloth.
“Stop! Hold your fire” the superior replied, “he is signaling peace. Maybe a messenger!”
The horseman came galloping within twenty yards. Then he threw something long, brightly colored and cylindrical towards the guards. “Take that to your master Jack” he shouted “and don’t break the seal. It’s confidential”.
* * *
Jack broke the seal, unrolled the leather parchment and read:
Dear Jack,
Your friend Barbarossa and several of his men are at our mercy.
We can talk about his release, and end of this bloodshed.
I offer a parley.
The condition is that you shall have to come fully unarmed. You may bring only one bodyguard (unarmed of course!) or your servant with you, whichever you prefer. And you must bring the Jack-o’-Lantern with you.
Respond immediately if you wish to see your friend alive.
Yours,
Lord D

Back to top

Chapter 50
The Betrayal
Jack and his faithful servant Moily, the house-elf, approached Devil’s camp.
Moily was carrying his master’s ‘Jack-o’-Lantern’. Devil had mentioned to bring it with them as a prerequisite for a parley, without mentioning any reasons.
“This way please” a dark and tall attendant said to them. Jack recognized him immediately-Jack had met him at the gate on his first visit to Pandemonium for joining service.
Moily barely reached the attendants’ loins.
The tall attendant bowed down to Moily in a mocking gesture. “Please come with me sir” he sneered at Moily.
They crossed several barricades of Devilish forces and reached a freshly erected, massive wooden fence. Each post was made of single log, sharpened and pointed at the top.
“Open the gates!” the attendant shouted.
“Password?”
“Servanto-de-Lucifer”.
With a loud creaking sound, the door flung open
The attendant entered, followed by Jack and Moily.
A dozen Devil’s henchmen, hiding behind the door, sprang upon them, laid Jack flat on the ground and held the blade of the sword at his throat. They held Moily securely, and punched on his cheek.
They almost dragged both of them to the innermost circle of camps-the Devil’s camp.
“Shall we come in” the henchmen asked from outside the curtain.
“Yes, come in”.
They removed the curtain and ushered both of them inside.
Devil was sitting on a mahogany sofa along with Beelzebub. Both of them had golden cups in their hand. There a table in front of them with heaps of grapes, strawberries, apples, cherries and other fruits placed on golden plates.
Devil looked at Jack and struck his cup with Beelzebub’s cup in joy, spilling red wine.
“Shame on you!” Jack shouted, “You have broken the convention”.
“What else did you expect from me?” Devil asked in an icy cool tone.
Jack’s eyes were dazzled with the brightness outside; it took some time to adjust to the dimness inside. 
He saw Mr. Tenderleaf, his reconnaissance-Elf, lying in a half reclining position on a sofa. He looked over drunk already, but was still drinking priceless vintage wine from an antique bottle.
“You traitor!” Jack shouted at Mr. Tenderleaf “So it was you who provided misleading informations and led Barbarossa to the trap!”
Moily looked angrily at Mr. Tenderleaf and shouted “Shame! You are nothing but a blot on our race”. 
Devil smiled at Moily and said, “He is sensible-not a fool like you. He will be rewarded handsomely”.
“I spit on such reward!” Moily replied in a hateful tone “loyalty is too precious commodity to be sold”.
“Everything in the world is up for sale” Mr. Tenderleaf mumbled incoherently “only the price offered needs to be right”.
Jack looked at each nook and corners inside the tent and asked in alarm “Where is Barbarossa?”
“Oh, did you expect to find your friend tied to that tent post?” Devil asked.
“Or did you expect him to sit with us and toast wine?” Beelzebub added.
Both Devil and Beelzebub laughed aloud.
“Well, well, your friend is not very far off from here” Devil said. Then he turned to Beelzebub and said “We can finish our brunch later. Let’s first take them there, before Barbarossa dies”.

Back to top

Chapter 51
The Handshake
Devil’s henchmen followed Devil and Beelzebub. They led along Jack and Moily amidst tight security.
Devil’s minions had pinioned Barbarossa’s hands and feet securely with ropes. They had stuffed a handkerchief into his mouth.
As soon as they arrived, Devil’s minions tied Barbarossa to one wooden log and threw him on a pile of woods. One of Devil’s henchmen poured fuel oil over him.
“Nooooo! Set him free” Jack screamed in horror.
“Now watch in front of your eyes, Jack” Devil whispered near Jack’s ear.
“Have mercy pleeease…” Jack’s voice was trembling.
“Someone fetch me a matches” Devil said.
An errand boy ran and returned back a few minutes later with a matchbox.
Devil held the matchbox and took out a matchstick. Then he went close to Jack and whispered in his ear “Nobody desires to deliberately skip the funeral ceremony of their near ones, isn’t it? This is your best friend’s funeral. So watch and enjoy-don’t close your eyes”.
Devil lit the matchstick and took a few steps towards the wooden pile.
“Stopppp! For heaven’s sake…”
Devil turned around and hissed with anger “I don’t care much about heaven! I didn’t find a place there” While Devil’s attention was diverted, the fire touched Devil’s finger. He threw the burning matchstick instantly, yelled “Ooouuucch!” and put his finger in his mouth.
Devil looked at Jack with bloodshot eyes and roared, “Gag that rascal’s mouth too!”
Then he took another few steps towards Barbarossa uttering “Oh my finger! Oh my finger!”
Barbarossa was struggling madly to roll out of the heap, emitting shrill voice from his nose. But the log he was tied had got jammed among other logs and his every effort failed. He was drenched in fuel oil.
Devil stood beside the heap and took out another matchstick.
One of Devil’s minions was holding the house-elf Moily’s right arm securely, and the palm of his other hand was held tightly on Moily’s mouth.
All of a sudden Moily turned and punched on the minion’s underbelly with his left hand. The minion’s hand loosened reflexively. Moily jerked his head and dug his teeth in the flesh of the minion’s right arm. The minion gave out a scream, letting Moily free.
Within a flash of a second, Moily drew a sparkling dagger from his knee high socks, sprang upon Devil with his hand raised and plunged the dagger up to the hilt inside Devil’s ribcage.
Devil writhed in pain, yelled in agony, and collapsed on the ground.
Two of Devil’s henchmen rushed forward and held Moily securely. They slapped and punched him really hard.
Slowly, Devil started getting up. He stood on his legs and then dusted off the dirt from his clothes. He staggered and took a few menacing steps towards Moily.
“So you wanted to kill me, you great fool?” Devil said with laughter.
Devil pulled out the dagger slowly, and displaying the bloodstained dagger proudly, he announced, “No conventional weapon can kill me. I wasn’t created to die like mortals…now watch this,” he pointed at the wound.
Jack watched to his horror that no blood was gushing out, not even a drop was seeping out. Even the cloth surrounding the stab mark hadn’t become red!
Devil’s wound started healing just before his eyes. A few moments later, all that was left visible was a small cut mark on the cloth.
Devil raised his clothes partly. Only a pale scar mark was visible on the skin.
Devil turned to Moily and said, “You risked your life to save that wretch?”
Devil lowered his voice and said to his minions “I don’t like to disappoint anyone. Don’t let his efforts go in vain. Release Barbarossa!”
Jack was so stunned with joy that he couldn’t utter a sound.
Devil glanced at Jack, smiled faintly and said “Let Jack’s servant, Moily take Barbarossa’s place. It is written in his fate; I can’t do anything about it”.
The joy faded from Jack’s face instantly and he watched with horror as Devil’s henchmen tied Moily to a log and gagged his mouth. They threw Moily on the wooden pile.
Devil’s men untied oil-soaked Barbarossa from the log, but held Barbarossa’s arms and mouth so tightly that it was almost suffocating him. Devil lighted a matchstick and threw the burning matchstick at the fuel oil drenched heap and quickly stepped back.
Jack closed his eyes as the wooden pile was engulfed in a huge roaring flame instantly.
Jack’s struggle ceased and he stood stunned like a lifeless statue. But still those henchmen held Jack securely.
They held Jack tightly till the flames had almost died down and only glowing charcoal and ashes remained of the heap.
Devil looked at Jack and said “Ah let the poor fellow go. We are all armed and he is fully unarmed. Release him!”
Jack staggered towards the heap of glowing woods and ashes. His hands and legs trembled so violently with adrenaline rush that it seemed he would collapse at any instant. The sky seemed to spin in his head and his world seemed empty and meaningless now.
When Jack reached nearer, he collapsed in grief, falling on his knees and sobbing.
Devil looked at Jack with ultimate triumph in his eyes.
“Now get up Jack” Devil said with a remorseless tone “Your faithful servant has already been reduced to ashes. Your sobbing won’t bring him back”.
“What have you done, you bloody rascal!” Jack yelled.
“Shout as much as you like. Now it’s your turn” Devil licked his lips “But your fate is far more horrible. No quick death for you. You shall burn in the eternal flames of hell, if I throw this parchment in the burning embers. Surrender unconditionally!”
Instantly, Jack’s sorrow faded and turned into violent anger. His body was trembling, and muscles in his jaws twitched. It looked like he was grinding hard nuts between his teeth in extreme rage.
Devil looked at him and laughed. “Calm down Jack, you fool! Don’t you know, anger is injurious to your health? It will harm you, not me”.
Devil took out one pocket watch and looking at it he addressed Jack again “Look around, you fool. We are all armed, and far outnumber you. You are helpless as a fledgling. Let me help you calm down. I will be counting and timing you. One…Two…Three…”
Jack looked at Devil with an awful hatred in his eyes. “What do you want now? If you want to kill me, just do it. I’ll hardly have any regrets. I have lost my most faithful servant”.
Devil stopped counting and smiled. “Of course I can kill you! And as I said, it won’t be as quick as your dear servant. But, dear Jack, I feel pity on you. You have done exactly as I had planned. You have raised an army of dark forces, which soon will be mine”.
Devil looked at his advisor Beelzebub, who was standing close by, and said, “Bring those papers, my red ink and my quill”. Then he turned back to Jack again and said, “First, you must understand Jack…life doesn’t stop even when we lose our closest ones. So act sensibly now. I am generous person, so I will offer you one last chance. I’ll spare your life, in return for a treaty”.
“Great generosity indeed!” Jack said with a tone of intense hatred and disdain “What do you want now?”
“You shall sign a treaty and announce publicly that you are handing over all your army under my command” Devil demanded “You shall resign as the spiritual leader of the dark forces of Halloween; forever”.
Jack felt like shouting, but something stopped him. As if his voice suddenly choked like a blockage in the throat by an outburst of raw emotion.
Jack remained silent for a few moments and then asked “What about my sister Snegurochka? You must release her”.
“Now at least you are talking like a sensible person, Jack!” Devil said, “A wise person should always learn to restrain his uncontrolled emotions. But your demand is too high Jack”.
“How can it be too high, when you demand the surrender of my whole army?”
“My marriage with beautiful ‘Snegurochka’ is preordained” Devil said “Therefore drop this demand Jack, and wish us a blissful married life” Devil gave a mocking smile and said “and of course, you will be most welcome at my marriage party, Jack”.
“She is absolutely against this marriage,” Jack said “she might even kill herself if you force her” Jack said helplessly. Jack tried his best, but couldn’t stop the tear flowing down his cheek.
“You don’t know anything about ladies, Jack” Devil laughed aloud “I should take her ‘no’ as emphatic ‘yes’. You want to convince me that she will rather die? Hah! Nonsense! She must be dying to marry me” Devil’s laughter turned into a growl, and then into a revengeful anger. “And don’t speak about her committing suicide to avoid marriage. If I can’t have her as my seventh wife, I’ll chop her to pieces with my own hand”.
“This is most humiliating offer” Jack said “You take away everything from me, including my sister”.
“Do you have a choice Jack? The alternative to signing the treaty is…here it is Jack!” Devil took out a rolled, withered parchment and tucked it again in his garment. “Think it a generous offer. I can simply throw the parchment in burning embers and have all I want”.
“And what about my freedom if I sign?”
“I am very generous. And anyway, you will be quite useless and irrelevant after you sign and announce publicly. So, yes, you can have your freedom. You see, it is not so humiliating agreement after all”.
“Not humiliating, huh?” Jack blurted, “You want me to fall on my knees and sign it?”
Devil laughed heartily “Who asked you to fall on your knees? If that’s what troubles you, then let’s make the agreements with a handshake like two gentlemen”.
Devil took a step forward and offered his hand.
Jack hesitated, offered his partially fisted hand, hesitated again and withdrew his hand into his pocket.
Devil’s henchman Beelzebub came close to Jack. “Don’t hesitate, Jack! Don’t waste this golden opportunity” Beelzebub whispered in Jack’s ear “People sacrifice their own sister in dire emergency. Snegurochka is only your adopted sister”.
“Snegurochka is my sister” Jack snapped.
Beelzebub stepped aside, while Devil offered his hand again.
Jack took out his hand slowly from his pocket. 
Devil took another step forward and clasped Jack’s partially clenched fist.
Devil jerked abruptly, as if he had been struck a mighty blow with a hammer on his head by some mysterious force.
“May this crucifix-handshake be memorable” Jack whispered and put his other palm as well and clasped tighter.
Devil jerked and twitched and gave out a shrill, deeply painful cry. It appeared as if some invisible hammer was delivering a series of rapid concussions on Devil’s head.
“Do you remember all the pains you had inflicted on innocent, helpless victims?” Jack asked with a flash of revenge on his face “Remember how you enjoyed torturing them slowly till their last breath? How does it feel now?”
Devil’s face turned pale and then almost white. His right hand started trembling involuntarily.
“Mercy! Mercy!” Devil moaned feebly “Let me go. Have mercy on me!”
“Did you show mercy to my servant?” Jack burst out in a fit of rage.
Devil’s eyes were rolling back in the sockets and he was gasping for breath. 

Back to top

Chapter 52
Surprise
Jack put his left hand inside Devil’s robe and groped madly. His right hand was still locked in handshake position. Devil was trembling and shaking violently and was unable to move his limbs.
Jack pulled out two rolled parchments from inside Devil’s robe. He tucked one of them inside his own pocket.
He held one end of the other parchment between his teeth, and with some effort, he unrolled it. The writings appeared upside down. Holding one end of the paper between his lips again, he managed to turn it right and have a look at it.
“That’s it!” Jack exclaimed with joy and excitement.
He took a rapid look once again at the paper he was holding.
Jack looked around him. He was fully surrounded by Devil’s henchmen. Some of them were holding and pointing spears and bayonets at Jack. But all of them looked confused and clueless. They were totally unaware of what was happening and what to do next.
They were all very scared on seeing their master in this condition, and dared not approach any further.
Jack crumpled the parchment into a ball with his left hand, while his right fist pressed Devil’s fist in a locked position.
Devil was helplessly gurgling-his own saliva frothing and foaming in his mouth like soap water. His suppressed voice seemed just like a frog’s croak.
Jack looked at Beelzebub. Beelzebub was staring blankly at Devil’s face. It seemed to Jack that Beelzebub was totally out of his wits, waiting for a command from his master.
Jack gave out a sigh of deep relief, and threw the crumpled parchment in the still glowing charcoals of Moily’s funeral pyre. The parchment caught fire instantly and was reduced to ashes in moments.
Jack took out the other parchment from his pocket and proceeding as before he unfolded and looked at it.
For a moment, Jack’s face turned pale. But in no time, Jack broke out in a loud laughter.
Devil’s henchmen stared at each other’s face with suspicion and fear. Two of them took a step backward.
“Barbarossa, bring my Jack-o’-lantern here” Jack shouted.
Barbarossa shrugged off the two puzzled guards holding him, and snatched the Jack-o’-Lantern from one henchman. He rushed towards Jack with the pumpkin lantern, which was glowing with eternally burning embers, and held it in front of Jack.
“Who is the next in command?” Jack looked at Beelzebub and asked loud “I think it’s you Beelzebub, isn’t it?”
Beelzebub nodded mechanically like a fool.
“I order you to withdraw back your men instantly” Jack ordered.
Devil tried to say something, but nothing meaningful appeared from his gurgling sound.
Beelzebub looked very puzzled and afraid. He blurted “Step back fellows”.
Devil’s men stepped back, increasing the encircling radius by several feet. Devil made a mighty effort, spitted out saliva and blood and shouted, “What are you doing, you fools? Attack him with…grrr…aargh…glubbb…grrhhh….”
Devil’s henchmen rushed in.
“Stop!” Jack shouted “take one more step, and I’ll put this put this parchment in this burning ember of hell, which Devil had provided me to light my unending dark paths”. Jack held the parchment just above the glowing bluish flames of his Jack-o’-lantern.
The advancing men stopped abruptly.
“What’s that parchment about?” Beelzebub demanded.
“What else do you think Devil will keep closest to his heart?” Jack replied, “It is the thing you always feared most. It’s the same thing, which your master mentioned often to blackmail you, to keep you under complete control. It’s something which Devil didn’t feel safe to keep in the locker”.
The remaining trace of color vanished from Beelzebub’s face. He looked pale and bloodless.
Jack shouted “You will die a horrible death, Beelzebub, if you take another step forward. I have your signed contract-“
“Don’t listen to him…grhh…budbudd…grhh…” Devil gurgled feebly. Devil spit again. He spitted his own blood, mixed with saliva.
“Step back instantly, Beelzebub. Ask your men to throw away their weapons. Do as I say!”
Without another word, Beelzebub obeyed.
Devil ceased shaking and stood almost paralyzed, petrified like a stone statue.
The color of the skin on Devil’s hand had already changed to granite like and flexibility of the skin had gone. The skin had stiffened and started cracking; small bits started chipping off. Bluish foams bubbled out from his mouth like a person who had been bitten by a deadly snake.
“Ask your men to release Mrs. Santa and Snegurochka immediately” Jack commanded Beelzebub.
Beelzebub stood motionless, holding his head in his hands as if he had a stroke of dizziness and was struggling from collapsing. He stared at his boss with blank eyes and observed his rapidly deteriorating conditions.
“You are the second in command” Jack said, “Take your decision instantly. This is your last chance to save your boss”.
Devil stood stiff like a granite statue; smoke emerging from his palm, and his fingers slowly crumbling. He groaned in agony and excruciating pain.
All of a sudden, Devil’s whole right arm burst into flames.
Beelzebub gave a scream. “Rush to the dungeon. Release Snegurochka” Beelzebub spoke in torrential fragments in extreme panic “Go to basement. Release Mrs. Santa”.
The flame started spreading to other parts of Devil’s body. His skin started peeling off like the skin of a boiled potato and he was partly engulfed in semi-transparent flames.
“I didn’t break my promise. I didn’t attack you with my crucifix” Jack whispered to Devil, still holding Devil’s arm tightly “I was merely holding my silver crucifix in my palm. You took the initiative of shaking hand and the crucifix did the rest. Whatever happened afterwards was decided by the crucifix”.
Minutes seemed like hours. Beelzebub had become dumb with tension.
Devil’s men arrived with Snegurochka and Mrs. Santa.
“Allow them a safe passage to our camp” Jack ordered Beelzebub. 
Jack turned his head and addressed Snegurochka and Mrs. Santa “Both of you, rush to that horse carriage. And don’t stop till you reach our camps safely”.
The two ladies ran towards the carriage and within seconds, the carriage disappeared from view.
“Now leave my boss, please” Beelzebub pleaded to Jack.
“Not so fast” Jack said, “There is still something left –the upper part of the scepter of Elf-land. I’ll leave peacefully as soon as I get it back”.
“My master will be reduced to ashes by then” Beelzebub pleaded “I am sending someone to fetch it immediately” Beelzebub almost broke in a sob “…Pleeasee remove your hand now”.
“Well then, send it through someone to our camp. I trust you”. Jack removed his hand, holding the silver crucifix in his palm. He kissed the crucifix and put it back in his pocket “and meanwhile….” Jack spoke as he waved the parchment over the flame of his Jack-o-Lantern “…this is for our safe passage”.
* * *
When Jack and Barbarossa approached their own camps, Barbarossa said “It was lucky that you found Beelzebub’s contract parchment from Devil’s robe. Otherwise what might have happened?”
“Lucky?! Huh!” Jack snapped. He took out the parchment from his pocket and unrolled it “I don’t even know why Devil kept it close to his heart. It has been stamped EXPIRED. See…” Jack said. Then rolling back the parchment quickly, Jack laughed and said “and besides this isn’t Beelzebub’s. I don’t even know who this Dr. Faust is!”
Barbarossa stared at Jack’s face in amazement and disbelief.

Back to top

Chapter 53
Coronation
Jack was the chief guest of honor at the crowning ceremony of ‘Makarios Ameer’, now acknowledged the ‘blessed prince of Elf-land’.
Jack had not recovered yet from the deep trauma of witnessing the burning alive of his faithful ‘Moily’. He was yet to come out from his phase of intense grief. Jack had refused to attend this ceremony, but Makarios Ameer’s messenger had pressed hard “the ceremony will be meaningless to Makarios without your presence”.
With his mind filled with grief amidst all the excitement and joy around him, Jack walked along the red velvety carpet, leading to the elevated throne of Elf-land.
Jack walked towards the throne with a burdened mind. He tripped on his own robe and fell on the carpet, arousing a brief and suppressed laughter. He got off quickly, and dusting off the imaginary dirt from his robe, he proceeded towards Makarios’ throne.
Jack bowed down to ‘Makarios’ and held out the other half of the scepter. “Your majesty, I have succeeded in fetching this. Let this bring everlasting peace to Elf-land. Let harmony and prosperity reign in Elf-land”.
Makarios took the broken scepter in his hand with deep gratitude and said “Didn’t I say that this ceremony would have been meaningless without your auspicious presence?” Makarios pulled out the other half from his possession. Then he playfully joined them together to get a glimpse of how the scepter originally looked. The two pieces fitted together properly, with only a crack mark visible.
To the utter disbelief of all viewers, a bluish flame ignited spontaneously along the crack line. The flame started wrapping itself over the scepter like a snake. And then the flame turned golden yellow, then crimson red and finally violet.
Slowly, the flame faded away and the scepter started glowing bright green in Makarios’s hand.
When the glow faded away, the old scepter had turned shining new, and the diamond sparkled brilliantly. And, to the utter wonder of all the courtiers, the scepter had joined into one piece!
“Long live the blessed prince!” the crowd shouted, “Glory to our motherland!”
Makarios sat down on the throne and signaled the crowd to silence.
“Please maintain silence,” the court herald announced “His majesty, ‘Makarios Ameer’ wish to make a short speech”.
Makarios Ameer rose up “I shall make my speech very short. Here it goes…there are no Dark Elves and no Light Elves. We are all Elves”.
His announcement was enthusiastically cheered and supported by the gathering.
“I am not at all ashamed, but feel proud to say that the bloods of both ‘dark elf’ and ‘light elf’ are running in my veins” Makarios announced “This was a part of the prophecy. And after what happened just now, in front of all of you, I have started believing it seriously myself”.
Another round of cheering erupted, louder than previous one.
“Would you like to say something, dear Jack?” Makarios asked suddenly.
Jack was not prepared for a speech and was caught on the wrong foot. He hesitated and stood dumbstruck. He looked confused and unable to decide what to say.
“I am deeply grateful to elf-land for the hospitality it provided to me in times of dire need” Jack delivered his impromptu public speech “I am deeply grateful to late ‘Martini’ and his band of secret rebels for putting their faith and trust to me. I am lucky to see the birth of this new nation. All of you shall remain in my heart forever, especially my faithful ‘Moily’ who proved his loyalty through the ultimate test”. Jack gave out a deep sigh.
The entire coronation hall fell silent, and they prayed silently for ‘Moily’.
“I express my deepest gratitude towards Martini” Jack continued “and towards elf-land for providing me brave elf warriors to fight in my cause”. The entire hall resonated with cheers and clappings.
Later on, Makarios held the scepter and announced “I have already granted a princely sum of money for the refurnishing and renovation of our parliament. I swear that I shall carry on my duties in accordance to decisions of our parliament. All decisions shall be the decisions of the common Elves”.
Instantly his speech was drowned amidst booming clapping and cheers.
When the violent cheering subsided, Makarios continued “I am deeply grateful to Jack-o’-Halloween, who has made all this possible. And now, Jack wants to place the crown on my head with his own hands”.
Jack stepped forward, and took the crown from the priest, who was holding it on a golden tray. Jack held the crown high for all to see.
The priest anointed Makarios’s hairs and forehead with holy oil and sprinkled holy water from the thermal spring of Iceland. Then Jack placed the scepter gently on Makarios’s head.
The grand hall reverberated with “Long lives the divine king!” “God bless our monarch!”
The high priest offered a cupful of sacred beverage, which Makarios finished off in one gulp.
Amidst flourish of trumpets, blowing of conches, incantations and ritual deeds of assembled priests and high-elves, the coronation was over.
Makarios rose up from his throne and said “Kneel down Jack”.
Jack obeyed gracefully.
Makarios drew the royal sword from his sheath and tapped gently on Jack’s shoulders. “I grant you the ‘Elf-cross’, the highest honor of Elf-land for true heroism. Now rise up Jack”.
Jack rose up on his feet and announced loudly “I feel greatly honored. I thank entire Elf-land for the honor it has conferred on me”. Jack addressed Makarios “Your majesty, I beg your permission to leave now”.
“Won’t you stay for the royal feast?” Makarios asked. “Won’t you reconsider your decision to leave immediately?” Makarios almost begged.
“I deeply regret for being unable to stay for some more time” Jack replied apologetically “But I must attend Christmas party in Korvatunturi in two weeks. And before that I’ll have to visit my native ‘Halloween village” and also go to India to meet my wife. My flying ‘Vimana’ carriage awaits me”.

Back to top

Chapter 54
Hallowmas
Jack was welcomed with laurel wreath crown in Halloween village. Even in his absence, the villagers had decorated his locked, old wooden mansion with Jack-o’-Lanterns from outside. Decorated Jack-o’-lanterns were hanging on the doorway of every house. They had crowned the Jack-o’-lanterns with laurel leaves.
In India, Jack was welcomed by his ghost-bride with ‘Jack-o’-Lantern’. The whole campus of tree houses was lighted with Halloween lanterns. Jack wondered whether it is seed of Halloween tradition in India.
“You have come back to me after such a long time” Jack’s wife said with a deep grudge “You think I’ll allow you to leave so soon on the pretext of attending some silly party?”
Despite all his wife’s efforts to delay his departure, Jack was barely able to reach ‘Christmas village’ in Korvatunturi just in time. His closest friend Barbarossa had also come directly from Halloween village.
The Christmas party was being held in the community theatre, located at the center of the village. The theatre hall was dimly lit with candles.
Jack was very special guest at Christmas party. Mrs. Santa Claus warmly welcomed him, while Mr. Santa Claus seemed offended at Jack. In Mrs. Santa’s eyes, he was the greatest hero. But Mr. Santa looked at him with a mixed feeling of gratitude and regret. Jack wondered what might have gone wrong between them so soon.
“Thank you so much for rescuing my old wife” Mr. Santa said with a grumpy tone. 
Jack was clueless at Mr. Santa Claus’s cold emotionless face and his complaining tone, while Mrs. Santa reacted like an angry cat on hearing ‘old wife’. She snapped at her husband “you should be drowned under gratitude to him” and pulled his white beard so hard that he screamed “oouuch!” The assembled stared speechlessly at them. And it instantly became clear to Jack that Mr. Santa might not be very happy at him for getting back his henpecking wife.
“What was that for?” Mr. Santa protested to his wife, while still fondling his beard. He turned to Jack helplessly and pleaded, “Why don’t you say something to her?”
Jack had no wish to be drawn into this husband-wife love affair. Wishing to get away from this after effects of his brave rescue act, he fumbled “Er...you needn’t have checked madam…he is not wearing a false beard”.
“Oh thanks for your clarification” Mr. Santa Claus reacted harshly at Jack. Mrs. Santa hid her smile, clenched her fist, tightened her knuckles and said, “Sometimes I get a compulsive urge to check whether my old man wears a false teeth set”.
Mr. Santa Claus hid his jaws in his palms in panic, while Jack wished them a ‘happy married life’ and quickly disappeared among the festive crowd.
Jack headed towards the gathering where Mr. ‘Jack Frost’ was performing a live show.
Mr. ‘Jack Frost’ was entertaining the viewers by tapping the window glass with his wand and leaving fern shaped frost patterns. He blew out from his mouth, sending a shivering chill across the entire hall and nipping the nose & toes of the gathering. He looked very carefree and happy while demonstrating his mischievous tricks. It was difficult to guess his age: his faced looked like a teenager while he had long white beard like an old man.
“That trick was good,” a skeptic looking man said scornfully “but not so impressive”.
Mr. Jack Frost felt offended. “Is this impressive?” he said, and with a wave of his wand he covered the person with snow. There was an instant laughter from the viewers.
Ded Moroz watched ‘Jack Frost’ with deep scorn; as if he was watching some fraud cheating the gathered fools with his third rate magic. And he was almost mad with jealousy and anger when Mr. ‘Jack Frost’ turned a bucket of water into ice-block with a touch of with wand and the crowd cheered. And then Mr. ‘Jack Frost’ played his trump card. He pointed his wand outside through the open window at the fir & spruce forest.  And with a wave of his wand he set the forest in flames: the green forest turned into autumnal foliage of orange, yellow, brown and reddish colors.
Ded Moroz could bear no longer as if it was a deep insult to him. Ded Moroz spotted out Jack among the clapping and admiring viewers of Mr. ‘Jack Frost’, and instantly he pounced upon Jack.
Ded Moroz forcibly pulled Jack aside by his sleeves and took him to a corner. He shook hands with Jack. “I am deeply grateful” Ded Moroz said to Jack “for rescuing my granddaughter Snegurochka. She is everything to me; my whole world”.
Without even waiting for Jack’s response, Ded Moroz snapped “Now tell me: do you think those cheap tricks were worth clapping and cheering?”
Jack fumbled some reply.
“Of course not!” Ded Moroz replied himself. “He changed a bucket of water to ice” Ded Moroz tapped the floor with his silver staff “But I can freeze an entire lake to solid ice”.
“Of course. Of course!” Jack asserted. He was feeling uneasy to fall right into the grip of Ded Moroz, after somehow coming out of Mr. Santa’s grasp. From the freezing ice-sheet to the freezing water!
Mr. Ded Moroz caught hold of Jack firmly his hand. “He merely covered that person in snow” Ded Moroz said, “that what he can do-a mere mischief”. Ded Moroz brought his mouth near Jack’s ear and whispered “But I can freeze a person to death. And out of gratitude for what you have done for me, I’ll teach you how to mercilessly freeze a person to a slow and painful death”.
Jack broke free from Moroz’s grasp and fled to another corner.
Then came the big surprise!
Kris Kindl, the fairy like Christmas-child, with angelic wings and golden blond hairs, also emerged out of the side-room, where he had been waiting secretly. His monster companion ‘Hans Trapp’ accompanied him.
La Befana, the ‘mother of all children of Italy’ ran and hugged Kris Kindl tightly. She started weeping. Then she wiped her tears and said “Such a cute child. You remind me of my own son”.
A few minutes later, Mr. Santa Claus and Ded Moroz took a center position, holding each other’s hands as a gesture of friendship, and announced, “We wish to make an important joint speech”.
Mr. Santa began “Today at this auspicious occasion of-“
“Let me speak first” Ded Moroz interrupted and cut short Mr. Santa’s speech instantly. Without even looking at Santa’s face, he announced further “To keep territorial conflict among us to a minimum, we have decided to carve out a buffer territory comprising regions of Austria, Germany, Switzerland, Hungary, and Belgium, along the border of our own territories. Here it is…”. He pulled out a map and displayed it to the crowd.
Mr. Santa Claus was stunned. He protested “But it was decided that Czech Republic shall fall in the buffer zone, and so will half of Poland. Besides, why did you include Belgium and Switzerland?” Mr. Santa was still recovering from the shock. “And besides” Mr. Santa said “why didn’t you intimate me anything of your plans?”
“Well…” Ded Moroz replied, “Boundaries are not engraved on stone. Pushing the buffer zone a little towards the west won’t really hurt anyone”.
Ded Moroz turned his face away from Mr. Santa and addressed the gathering “It’s our deepest pleasure that our cute angel ‘Kris Kindl’ has kindly accepted our humble offer of serving as the ‘Christmas gift bringer’ of newly created buffer state”. 
Instantly the focus of the crowd shifted from protesting Mr. Santa, and Kris Kindl became the cynosure of the party. They congratulated Kris Krindl and drank to his health.
The party was in full swing, when Santa’s secretary ‘Ruprecht’, dressed like Odin, entered the hall riding a polar bear. People panicked in alarm and ran hither and thither in utter fear and confusion. But when he patted the bear with a smile and announced, “It’s a tame beast” they came back slowly and cautiously, and once again indulged themselves in the revelry.
Barbarossa took Jack to one corner and said “One of our messengers delivered this message” there was a tone of fear and urgency in Barbarossa’s words “Devil is recovering fast. Soon he will be on our heels and then at our throats”.
Jack smiled calmly and said, “I was aware that this would happen. Devil’s claim to immortality is not totally bullshit”. Jack placed his hand on Barbarossa’s shoulder and continued “But for now, let’s enjoy the present moments to the fullest extent”.
Snegurochka spotted out Jack. She sprinted towards them excitedly and hugged her brother Jack tightly. She pulled at his sleeves excitedly and said “I’ll show you something-I have decorated with my own hands”. She signaled to the man standing on the raised platform at one end of the dimly lit theatre hall to pull the curtain.
All the noise and chatting dropped down instantly to a stunning silence. Everyone gazed in amazement at the huge, sparkling Christmas tree, decorated with tinsels, ornaments and colorful candles.  An angel was placed at the top of the tree, waving his hand at the viewers.
A huge Jack-o’-Lantern was hanging from the Christmas tree in Jack’s honor.
Jack felt a sudden burst of excitement. He was very close to his ambition of becoming the ‘greatest legendary figure’, which he had always dreamed of: a clear sign of his dreams materializing.
Tears of joy appeared on the corner of his eyes. He turned his face to hide the tears flowing down his cheek.
*** THE END ***
About the Author:
Mr. Subhajit Waugh was a recipient of prestigious National Talent Scholarship. He obtained his Master’s degree in Physics (Topper) from National Institute of Technology, Rourkela. Presently, he is working as a Scientific Officer, and resides in Indore. [email: sub2007waugh@gmail.com, sub2005waugh@rediffmail.com]
Back to top

