









Circumstellar








J. W. Lolite































Copyright @ 2013 J. W. Lolite

All rights reserved.











To the ones I depend on most


Contents

Chapter 1.   Daybreak
Chapter 2.   Ursa Major
Chapter 3.   Newton’s First Law of Motion
Chapter 4.   Opposition
Chapter 5.   Aphelion
Chapter 6.   Radio Waves
Chapter 7.   Astronomy
Chapter 8.   Sky Priestess
Chapter 9.   Fragment
Chapter 10.   Apastron
Chapter 11.   Binary
Chapter 12.   Retrograde
Chapter 13.   Constellations
Chapter 14.   Inertia
Chapter 15.   Noon
Chapter 16.   Aurora
Chapter 17.   Forger of Locks
Chapter 18.   The Lion
Chapter 19.   Sunset
Chapter 20.   The Hunter
Chapter 21.   Fission
Chapter 22.   Sunspot
Chapter 23.   Force
Chapter 24.   Solar Flare
Chapter 25.   Heaven and Earth
Chapter 26.   Ziggurat
Chapter 27.   Precious Metals
Chapter 28.   All That Glitters
Chapter 29.   Polarity
Chapter 30.   Static
Chapter 31.   Three A.M.
Chapter 32.   Dark Matter
Chapter 33.   Stardust

 








Introduction


“I knew I should have just stayed in bed today,” I mumbled, shifting my gaze from the two teens on my left to the ground again. I sighed and worked up the courage to look at the figures on my other side. The scrapes on my hands and knees burned as I studied the cloaked figures. They were just as mysterious to me now as when I was staring at the ground, the heavy hoods giving nothing of their appearances save for one thing – or rather four . . . things. From within the folds of black, two sets of bright, glowing eyes shone brilliantly – like stars in the night sky – glaring at the pair on my left. The familiar sight filled me with shock and confusion. A bizarre, single thought came to me then: the only thing my mind could process. Somehow, I got the impression my strange visitors were a little less than human.
“How did I get into this?”









Chapter 1
Daybreak


“Ugh.” The only intelligent thought I could muster as the light poured in through the blinds onto my face. It was bright. Way too bright for six-thirty. I groaned louder upon realizing that, once again, I would be late for school. It almost made me regret throwing my alarm clock against the wall two months ago. I shoved the covers aside and managed to briefly open my eyes before snapping them shut.
“Stupid sun. I wish someone would just turn you off,” I growled as I brought my arm up to shield my eyes. I couldn’t really explain it, but it was always so painful looking at bright lights, the sun especially. It was my eternal nemesis. Photophobia, I had been told, was the name for my ailment. I suppose that made sense, but it didn’t exactly explain why I could read in the dark.
Like a cockroach, I scurried my way out of the light and over to the bathroom. I shut the door and flipped the light switch, bathing the room in a much softer, dimmer glow. 
“Much better,” I whispered, turning to grab a towel before twisting the shower handle. When the water was warm enough, I jumped right in and began doing what was now my routine speed cleaning. After cleansing away the dirt and drowsiness from my body, I dried with the nearby towel and threw on my rumpled school uniform. Apparently being discarded on the floor does nothing for wrinkles. Satisfied I at least managed to put on most of the required articles that composed my uniform, I turned to the mirror to inspect my reflection.
It was the usual sight; my ragged, short blond hair hung limply, dripping onto the shoulders of my black blazer. Speaking of which . . . I tugged at the jacket attempting to straighten the many creases and wrinkles. I proceeded to try the same with the accompanying white blouse and black skirt, only to give up after losing a few short minutes’ war. Instead, I decided to fight another uphill battle and grabbed my brush from the countertop. As I yanked the bristles through my knotted hair, I caught myself studying my face, or rather, my eyes: my light purple glowing eyes. 
They hardly surprised me. After all, I saw these eyes every time I glanced in a reflective surface.  My family had also long since become accustomed to the soft glow, but that didn’t stop others from always asking, from always staring.
 I shook myself from my revere, and having given up on my hair, finally decided to leave my safe, dark haven. I opened the door to my bedroom – my eyes acutely focused on the floor – and scooped up my backpack. I threw the bag onto my back, walked into the living room, and made the spectacular discovery of my last living relative curled on the floor.
“You know, Auntie, I think they have programs for that,” I said while going into the connected kitchen and opening the fridge. Don’t know why I bothered. As usual, it was empty save for a few beer bottles.
“Huh? Oh, it’s you. Is it really morning already?”
“Yes, Auntie, it’s morning. Since you stay out so late, maybe next time you can wake me up for school before going to bed.” I turned towards her to take in her appearance. If I was in a sorry state, Aunt Kaline was just pathetic. Her tossed dark brown hair and disheveled clothes made my own uniform look like a freshly pressed suit. Not to mention the stains. I couldn’t even tell if her tank top was once orange or green.  Stretching and yawning, she sat up before finally fixing her light green eyes on mine.
“You’re the one who threw the clock at the wall,” she said, flipping her hair with an airy hum and waiting for a retort that was sure to come. Incidentally, I was so impressed she could keep up with our conversation, much less have the ability to remember that detail in her hung-over state, I couldn’t seem to form one. “See, your aunt isn’t so clueless.”
“Apparently not,” I muttered under my breath. “Anyway, I’m late for school . . . again. Try not to get into too much trouble while I’m gone.” The scent of alcohol drifted through the air as I passed my aunt to the door.  “I might be a little late.”
“Oh, don’t worry,” Aunt Kaline said, waving me off. “I think I’m going to go through all those things in the attic. Maybe I’ll find some junk to sell.” Yeah, I thought, for more booze.
I left my aunt to her own devices and began my walk to the local high school. Sunny and warm, it was what most people would consider a nice spring day. Me? I preferred rain and clouds. It gave me the option of looking up. 
After a few minutes of being in the light, my eyes finally managed to make some adjustment to it, and I was able to look around at my surroundings. Dust Veil was a nice little town just the right distance away from a very big town – otherwise known as Knoxville, Tennessee. Trees aplenty, parks, and local businesses were just a few of the delights to be had. It really was a peaceful place to live, if a little boring. I suppose the town’s main attractions were the historic sites. There were plenty of old landmark buildings, museums, some nuclear plants here and there, and what appeared to be a few strange temples and shrines scattered about. Hell, there was even what looked like a weird pseudo-martial arts dojo on the outskirts of town. I passed a row of simple, nice little houses and made my way to the intersection that would lead to the old brick high school lost in thought.
“Ingrid!” My head snapped up and a wide grin broke onto my face. “You are running late again.”
“Yeah, I know. Nice of you to wait for me, though, in light of your own tardiness,” I said while running across the intersection – after looking both ways, of course – to greet my two best friends. Lesia stood with her hands on her hips, her brows lined with a slight furrow at my mention that she, too, was not going to make it on time. Lesia’s soft honey brown curls blew in the breeze as she patiently waited for me. Her face may have looked less than pleased, but her chocolate eyes betrayed her happiness at seeing me.
“Come on, Lesia, you know Ingrid hasn’t made it to class on time for months. Problem throwing things at walls I hear,” my other best friend piped in with amusement in his voice. I frowned at Ty ready to make some witty comeback, but my voice halted when I met his cobalt eyes. He truly was handsome with his cheerful, boyish expressions and dark auburn hair perfectly styled to look like he just rolled out of bed. I think it was styled. I settled for rolling my eyes as I quickly squashed the butterflies that were beginning to form in my stomach.
We had been friends since I first moved here six years ago when I was ten. It was incredible. I was just a little, lonely new kid, but within a week, the three of us had managed to find each other and form this bond. I don’t think I’d trade it for anything in the world. I was so glad I moved here, even if the circumstances were . . . that it was because she . . .
No. I viciously shoved my current thoughts to the back of my mind. Not now. Not today. I will not ruin this day by thinking about that. I was so determined to clear my mind I hadn’t realized I stopped walking and was trying to glare a hole in the cement.
“Ingrid.” Lesia’s soft voice came from beside me. “Are you all right?” 
“Of course. I was just thinking about how I’ll have to go visit our dear principal today and get another excuse.”
Lesia sighed as she no doubt realized I wouldn’t be going alone on this little adventure. “I’m buying you a new alarm clock.”
“No, come on. Don’t go wasting your money like that. Besides, it’s not like we’re the only ones who’re going to be on clean-up duty.”
“Speak for yourself,” Ty said smugly. “I happen to think Ursa looks rather lovely today and will be merciful to my cause. After all, it’s not my fault I got held up by two hormonal girls begging for my attention.”
“Yeah, right,” I scoffed. “And you haven’t seen Principal Dipper yet. How’d you know what she looks like?”
“Doesn’t matter. All I know is she’ll be glad to hear it.”
“How very charming of you. What makes you think it’ll work?” 
“I’m walking in with a lovely lady on each arm. Something’s working for me.” 
Once again, I couldn’t help smiling at that. My happiness was short lived, however, as we came to the gates leading into the school yard. “Here we go.” I braced myself, and with resigned determination, my loyal companions and I entered the grounds that signaled the start of a long trek to the principal’s office.








Chapter 2
Ursa Major


Normally when a student was late, it was custom to at least go to class and try to convince the teacher to let it slide before being pointed down the hall of disappointment. As for me, well, I’d been late enough times now to just skip that first step and proceed right to the doom chamber. Why fight fate? And it seemed my friends accepted my expertise in the matter as they followed my lead unquestionably. We were journeying on our way down the currently deserted halls when we stumbled upon one of my favorite peers. Oh, I think they call that sarcasm.
“Well, well. Callahan, I didn’t expect to see you making your way to Ol’ Dipper this early. And Lesia, what a sweet surprise. If you need any help finding the way, I’d be happy to take you. You probably won’t have any trouble, though. Fahrenheit here’s a regular.”  
“Fairheit,” I hissed through clenched teeth. “But thanks for the vote of confidence. It really means something coming from you, Becky.” I’ll admit watching Caden Beck turn bright red while his eyes tried to sear my soul gave me more pleasure than it should have. I hated this guy all the way from his bleached mullet and beady eyes to his rotten personality. He was bully through and through, all right. To make matters worse, if he wasn’t handing out wedgies and swirlies to the unfortunate, he was making passes and lewd comments to Lesia. That’s what really burned me up about the guy. And that was why I put my fist into his face last fall. 
I stood ready while his face contorted in anger. “What did I tell you about calling me that? I’ll show you, stupid bitch!”
All I saw at that moment was a flash of black, and my view of Becky was blocked. It took me a second to register that someone was standing in front of me. I didn’t have to ponder who for long. The hair was a dead giveaway.
“Listen, you really need to learn some manners. Do you think it’s a good idea to talk to my friends that way?” Ty’s voice was calm, but there was a dark seriousness to it that caught me off guard. It wasn’t totally threatening, but it wasn’t non-threatening, if that makes any sense. As I peeked around, it wasn’t hard to imagine why Becky had that shocked look on his face. Ty was the cheerful good guy everyone liked to hang around with. Some of his antics even managed to get the stony-faced teachers to crack a smile. But here in front of us now was a side of Ty I hadn’t seen in a long time. He was intimidating, and in the quickest flash he appeared, he vanished. 
“So, I think we can all agree that this matter is over and can continue on with our business, right guys?” Ty turned and threw a smile over his shoulder. 
“Yeah,” I gasped, remembering to breathe. “Becky’s free to go on his miserable way.” I expected another rage fueled dig, but Becky just nodded dumbly and started stumbling down the hall.
“Whatever, Callahan. I, uh . . . better things . . . go,” he stammered out, the look of shock still very clear on his face.
 “That was weird,” I concluded as he lumbered around the corner. “But thanks, Ty. You didn’t have to do that.”
“Yeah, I did. Like I said, nobody talks to my friends like that,” he said, determined. “But I sure hope Ursa’s in a good mood. We’re already missing first period. Oh, English, how I regret not being there with you. Now I’ll never become a writer thanks to Ingrid’s throwing arm,” he finished with a flare that would make any drama queen proud.
“Oh, it really is getting late. We should hurry before we miss too much,” Lesia added, grabbing our arms and speed walking down the hall. I actually felt kind of bad. This was the first time Lesia was going to get into trouble for being tardy. Or for anything, really.
“Sorry, guys,” I sighed. 
“Don’t worry about it. We’re friends, after all. That’s why I said I’m going to buy you a new clock,” Lesia replied, a sly twinkle in her eyes. “That way you can be a friend and help me out by not dragging me down.”
“Good one, Lesia!” Ty chuckled. Although it was a direct jab at me, even I had to laugh a little. Lesia joined in, and soon we were the merriest bunch that ever made its way to Ursa’s lair, brief as it may have been. The office door loomed in front of us like a steel trap. We straightened ourselves out – putting on our most serious faces – and entered.
“Morning, Tania. How’re the kids?” I asked, throwing a grin to the secretary and receiving a pointed look in return. She raised an eyebrow, directing her pen to the principal’s door. And here I thought we had really gotten to know each other over these past seven weeks. We came up to the door, the words Principal Ursa Dipper printed in bright gold letters across the top half. I didn’t waste any time in knocking and waited for the muffled “come in” before, you guessed it, going in.
“Ah, Miss Fairheit, I was beginning to wonder if you fell ill this morning. You’re a little later than usual,” Principal Dipper stated, “and you’ve brought friends, too. Miss Delaney. Mr. Callahan.” She nodded to each of us as she spoke. Used to the routine by now, I went ahead and took a seat in front of the desk. When I noticed my companions standing awkwardly by the door, I waved them over. After a moment’s hesitation and a quick look at Principal Dipper, who once again nodded, Ty and Lesia finally walked over and took the two chairs beside me. I wondered if she often got troublemakers in sets of three, or perhaps, a lot of meetings with parents and their wayward kids, which would explain why she had the odd number across from her desk. 
Once we were seated, she fixed her framed gaze on us, and if anything, the thick lenses only intensified the effect. Her thinning gray hair was pulled into a tight bun held by a band of navy beads that perfectly matched her fine business suit. According to legend, she’d been principal long enough to know most of students’ grandparents, and it showed in her lined and withered face. Those passing her on the street might mistake her for someone’s kind old grandma, but her eyes told another story. She was a sharp old bird, I’d give her that. Stern, but fair. I could see it clearly in those stone gray irises: experience, awareness, and even a little compassion from time to time. My eyes were always the first thing anyone ever noticed about me, so it only made sense it was the first thing I looked at on another person. Principal Dipper’s eyes didn’t lie. She was exactly who she displayed herself as. That’s why I respected her so much.
“I figured the usual routine was beginning to get old, so I decided to mix it up a bit. You know, keep you on your toes,” I said with a small smile. You’d think I was doing her a big favor. 
“Indeed. Well, as much as I appreciate your efforts to keep me mentally stimulated, I’m afraid that being tardy without an excuse is still against school policy. Once again, you’ll be cleaning the science lab after class. At least you have help today. Any other comments, Miss Fairheit?” She looked at me expectantly before I shook my head in the negative. 
“Principal Dipper, I want to start out by saying how simply marvelous you look today,” Ty chipped in. A last ditch effort to avoid punishment no doubt. “Very, uh, crisp and businesslike.”  
“Thank you, Mr. Callahan. I do strive to set an example, although,” Principal Dipper began, taking in Ty’s and my appearances, “some of you could use a little more practice with an iron.” 
It was true. Ty’s clothes looked like they had been wadded in the same small, dark space as mine, but he actually remembered the tie. Looking at Lesia, I saw her uniform was as perfect and pressed as Principal Dipper’s suit. It made for a stark contrast between us. Then again, Ty and I didn’t have mothers to do our laundry for us.
Ty let out an awkward laugh. “Ha, yes, I know. I’m still working on it. But my dad’s always in a rush, you know, and he, uh, accidently grabbed my keys on his way out. I didn’t want to leave the house unlocked, so I called him and waited for him to, um, send them.” 
I raised an eyebrow at Ty’s explanation. So much for the hormonal girls excuse. I didn’t doubt the story was true, actually. I knew he didn’t like to talk about his home life, and this was far from the cool, confident explanation I was expecting. I was a little surprised he’d even brought it up. Perhaps, like me, Ty respected Principal Dipper too much to try the smartass lie routine. That or he really didn’t like the science lab.
“Hmm, very well, Mr. Callahan.” No way, I thought. “This once, and just this once, I shall excuse you. Don’t let it happen again,” Principal Dipper warned in her strict manner. “Now, you and Miss Delaney are to report back to class. I would like a word with Miss Fairheit.” 
Ty didn’t waste any time in leaving the room before the principal could change her mind about his pardon. Lesia, who had been so quiet throughout the whole ordeal, sent me a questioning look with her eyes before exiting the room. It was just me and Ursa. 
We looked at each other, neither saying anything for a minute. She pursed her lips and set her gray orbs on me. 
“Ingrid,” she began in a voice so soft I wouldn’t have believed was hers had her lips not been moving, “I know it’s hard. You have to take care of yourself and,” she paused as if debating if she should finish, “take care of your aunt.” I steeled myself, wondering where this was going. “You have a great deal of responsibility on your shoulders. It’s difficult having to be the adult when you’re still a child. It was for me, too.” Trying to escape her gaze, I looked down at my lap. My stomach started twisting in shame and embarrassment. Unfortunately for me, she wasn’t finished. “You have a lot to deal with, but if you just applied yourself a little more, you could do so well. I’ve spoken with your teachers. They think you have a lot of potential, if only you would put more effort into your work. I believe that, as well.” 
I refused to raise my eyes from my lap, fearing if I looked up the tears would come and I wouldn’t be able to stop them. Why was she bringing this up? I didn’t want to talk about this. Not to her. Not to anyone. I didn’t want to be pitied. As I sat in my thoughts, I realized I didn’t want to disappoint, either. 
“Ingrid, I don’t mean to upset you. I just want you to know that we understand and that we,” she paused again, her voice barely a whisper, “that I know you are a very special girl. I see you doing great things in the future.” 
I finally raised my head, my glassy purple eyes looking at her face. It may have been a trick of the light, but for the first time, I saw a small smile gracing her stern face. I looked behind those thick-rimmed glasses and saw in her eyes that small glint of compassion she liked to hide. I also saw the truth she held behind her words.
“Thank you, Principal Dipper. I’ll try harder. I promise,” I said – truthfully – while rising to my feet. “But I’m really late for class. First period’s almost over.”
It only took a fraction of a second and the kind old lady was replaced by the no-nonsense administrator. In a way, I was relieved. This was a person I knew how to handle.
“Very well, Miss Fairheit. Report to class and don’t forget to do your punishment this afternoon. As much as I enjoy the morning company, I don’t want to have this conversation . . . again.” 
“Oh, you won’t,” I said as I grabbed my bag and left the room. I breathed a sigh of relief as I entered the hall and rushed to catch the last five minutes of English. I was so glad that was over, but in the back of my mind, I felt a little lighter. After all these years of being a “troubled teen,” it was good to have someone finally believe in me.

The rest of the day wasn’t very eventful: the same old teachers teaching the same old subjects, the same girls gossiping over some cute new surfing champion, and the same guys arguing over football. There was one notable exception, and that was me. Being true to my word, I did attempt to stop daydreaming for half the lecture. I even got Lesia to fill me in on the English I missed during my foodless lunch hour. As the last class of the day finally ended, I sighed in resignation while Lesia and I made our way to the science lab. 
“I can see why Ty was so desperate to get out of this. Mouse dissections, yuck!” 
“Well, it could have been insects,” Lesia replied with a shudder. I could agree with that sentiment. 
“That’s true. Come on. Let’s get these guts off the floor and get out of here,” I said, grabbing some gloves and a biohazard bag. This was truly nasty. Honestly, I thought while scooping up some stray eyeballs, can’t freshmen learn without mutilating everything. They even managed to get some on the bottoms of the tables! A brief flash danced across my vision, but I reflexively pushed the memory down.
“I’m so going to kill Ty when I get out of here,” I grumbled. 
Lesia let out a little giggle while going over to the window. “You know, I think he might be squeamish. But,” she paused, looking out, “he still waited for us.”
“Huh?” I dropped my bag and peered out the window. Sure enough, there he was leaning against one of the brick pillars. He looked down at the ground, a head full of messy auburn on full display.
“The good news is he’s not going bald.” I grinned at Lesia, but she was no longer focused on me. Her eyes were still fixed on Ty, a gentle gaze in her brown eyes and a soft smile on her lips. She made a slight “hmm” at my remark, but her eyes never wavered. Lesia was always so cheerful and kind, but she never looked so content as she did then looking at him. And I never felt so sick. 
I quickly turned, tying up the last of my “body bags” and throwing them into the closet. I had always suspected, but never could I have known. No. That wasn’t true. It had been there. Little signs barely noticeable to the unobservant. I just didn’t want to believe . . .
“Hey, why don’t we go to Clive’s? I know it sounds strange, but after handling all this, uh . . . stuff . . . I could really use some comfort food.”
I fixed a smile on my face just before I turned to her. “That sounds great.”
Lesia smiled in return, and together we closed the closet door and headed out to the school gate. She made little jokes about our “clean up duty,” which I could only respond to with light laughter, my mind still buzzing from the window. As we headed to the door, I settled on doing the same thing to the look I did with the rest of the signs and everything else I didn’t want to know about. I passed it to the back of my mind and pretended like I didn’t see a thing.








Chapter 3
Newton’s First Law of Motion


Clive’s was, in short, a local burger joint. It was also a hot meeting spot for teens and young adults because of its atmosphere and good quality. The owner, Clive, was a kind old man who always strived to make the best burgers around. It was like heaven for fast food junkies.
“Come on, Ty, you know you want to give me a piece of your burger. It’s the least you could do after bailing on us in Ursa’s office,” I reasoned while eyeing his feast. Mmm, double cheeseburger. It was the first opportunity I’d gotten to eat all day. I was so hungry.
“Okay, first of all, I didn’t bail on you; I just had a good excuse. And second, I waited for both of you in the hot sun, while you played with the mice inside. But since I’m such a good friend, I will be generous and give you a bite,” Ty finished before tearing off a piece of burger and tossing it to me. It existed for only a nanosecond before I stuffed it in my mouth. Glorious. 
I didn’t blame Ty for being reluctant to give up his food. Like me, this was probably the only meal he was going to get for the day. I prepared to make a bid for another small sample when a large carton of fries plopped in front of me. I raised my eyebrow at Lesia when she sat down.
“What? I just accidentally ordered two instead of one.” She shrugged, trying so hard to play innocent.
“Funny how often that happens,” I teased. “You’d think by now you would have learned not to make that mistake. Thanks, though,” I said, giving her a grateful look. I meant it, too. Without Ty and Lesia, I probably would have starved to death. 
“Oh, it’s no problem. Besides, I don’t think Mr. Clive’s been charging me full price.”
I glanced over to where Clive stood behind the dining counter. He was smiling and talking to a few college students, his bright blue eyes glinting in the light. He really was a nice guy. In fact, I knew Lesia wasn’t the only one that got “undercharged.” Whenever Ty came up short, he always just took what Ty could give no matter what the order. I made a mental note to one day pay him back for all those free large fries.
“So, Tybalt, why did you bail on us?” I asked, turning back to my fries.
“You’re impossible sometimes, you know that?” he said, a smile creeping up on his face. “Wouldn’t have you any other way.” I viciously fought to keep the blush off my face. “The truth is . . . I already told it. My dad did take the keys. And please, let’s keep the full name a secret.”
“So? You still could have helped us clean the lab. It was like a slasher movie in there.”
“Well, it’s, ah,” he paused, furrowing his brow, “I just kind of have a thing . . . about mice.” 
“Is that it? Hell, I thought there was something serious going on. You could have just said you’re scared of mice.”
“So that’s why,” Lesia piped it, a thoughtful look on her face, “you were missing on dissection day when we were freshmen.”
“And why he didn’t want to go on that field trip to the farm,” I pointed out.
“Come on, guys, keep it down. It’s embarrassing. I wouldn’t be doing this to either of you. Well, maybe I would.” He snickered to himself. “But the point is I’m way too cool for this to get out.” It wouldn’t have been nearly as funny if he hadn’t been so serious.
“If you say so,” replied Lesia while joining in with my laughter. 
“Oh, you girls are so mean,” he huffed, pretending to pout. “I’m so not inviting you over to my slumber party this weekend.”
“Good,” I returned as I checked my watch. “Looks like it’s time for me to go make sure Auntie hasn’t drowned herself.” I devoured my fries and stood up. Ty and Lesia also finished their meals and followed me to the door. 
“Have a good night,” Lesia said with a wave before turning to leave. “I’ll see you bright and early,” she said pointedly. “This time I mean it.”
“Bye, Lesia!” Ty yelled after her. “Be careful!” I expected him to start walking away as well, but instead, he turned towards me. “Do you want me to walk you home? You have a lot further to go, and it’s going to be dark soon.”
I could feel my stomach knotting up as I gazed at him. More than anything, I wanted to say “yes.” I wanted to walk hand in hand all the way back to my small, stinky house, smiling all the way. But I couldn’t. I didn’t want him to inconvenience himself for me or to walk home from my house in the dark. The lack of street lights on every corner was no big deal to me, but I knew it would be hard for him. And somewhere in my mind, a small part of me didn’t want to appear weak.
“No, that’s all right,” I declined at last, a small note of disappointment in my voice, “but thanks for the offer. Really.”
“Are you sure?” I nodded and he smiled at me. “Okay, Ingrid. You better be careful. I don’t want any bad calls in the night.”
“Don’t worry, I will,” I said, smiling back. “You be careful, too.” 
“All right,” he said, his eyes lingering on mine for a few seconds before finally turning away. When he started walking, I turned to leave. Someone really needed to tell my stomach gymnastics tryouts were over. I was going to have to do something about this before I developed some serious gastric problem.
It was a nice time for a walk. The sunset bathed all the houses in a pretty orange glow. The lights in many homes started to come on, and in some windows, I could see families sitting down ready for dinner. Must be nice. I hummed wistfully as I continued on my way. Other than me, it was really quiet out here. Not another soul in sight. Kind of eerie, actually. 
I gripped the straps of my bag with clenched fists and quickened my pace. Maybe I should have let Ty walk me home. I could feel my heart pounding in my chest. My eyes darted around taking in every shadow, every dark corner. The only sounds were the wind rustling in the trees and my own pulse. It was so quiet. Something’s wrong! The hair on the back of my neck stood on ends, and I broke out into a run. My feet pounded into the concrete while I plowed full speed down the sidewalk. Almost there. I’m almost there. There! I could see my house just at the end of the stre – Pow!
I cried out as I slammed into the ground, my knees and hands scraping roughly into the concrete. Something hit me in the back – hard. I stared at the ground for a second trying to catch my breath and steady myself. 
“Damn! That was one big bump in the path! These damn humans need to watch where they’re going!”
I froze, eyes widening. I wasn’t alone. Someone did run into me: someone big and stupid sounding. And what was with that weird accent. It was like this guy had lived in at least five different countries.
“You’re the one who needs to watch where he’s going, Plumbarco. We finished what we came here to do. Now you’re just making unnecessary messes.”
The new voice washed over me and tingled all the way down my spine. Deep and smooth like fine silk. He had the same accent as the other guy, but boy, what a voice.
“Come on, Farron, I haven’t seen a human in years. Let me have a bit of fun, will you? The Lady won’t mind.”
“She will mind if we are any later than we already are. She’s waited a long time for this, and her patience is wearing thin.”
 From the sounds of things, whoever this Farron guy was, he was obviously much more intelligent than this Plumber-whatever.
“Fine, fine. Have it your way. Always ruining the fun,” I heard the Plumber mutter. “Guess I’ll just have to hurry up and kill this one.” Oh, God. “Would’ve liked to play a bit.”
My mind sped into overdrive. What should I do? Fight? No, from what I could figure, this guy could probably chokehold Becky. Lie still and play possum? I don’t think so. That left me with one option. Run. I braced myself, ready to spring to my feet and take off like a bat out of hell.
“I think you’d better let the girl go.” 
Huh? Who was that? I paused from my escape plan, wondering if another creep had come to join the party. But this time it sounded like someone that – hopefully – didn’t want to kill me. 
“Who the hell are you?” The Plumber and I were on the same page with this one, but he confirmed what I hoped.  I took in a deep breath, not realizing I had been holding it. This guy wasn’t a friend of theirs. 
“You already know who we are,” a strong female voice rang out. “Now give it back to us, or we will take it by force.”
For someone who had been here since this whole thing started, I sure felt like I’d missed a lot of the conversation. Curiosity overwhelmed my fear, and I turned my head, shifting my eyes to glance at the newcomers. Even as the sun set behind the horizon, I could still easily make out their features. Both had their eyes focused intently over my head at, I assumed, my attackers.
 I first looked at the guy who saved my life. My gaze left his hard blue-gray eyes to take in the rest of his face. He was good-looking, admittedly: a strong jaw, chiseled cheekbones, and a perfectly straight nose. Blond hair cropped into a short buzz cut crowned his head. Looking down, I noticed he was wearing a white tank top and light green, loose-fitting pants. The whole thing screamed martial-arts-military-man. 
My eyes moved to his female companion, and I instantly felt a stab of envy. She was beautiful, tall, and slender. Her intense hazel eyes never wavered from their target, and with her full lips and short black cut, she reminded me of a model. She wore a white wrap shirt held by a green cloth around her waist. Unlike her army-esque buddy, her light green pants were cut into shorts, displaying long ebony legs. They were an impressive sight, all right, especially considering they couldn’t be but a few years older than I was. The two people, that is, not her legs.
“I knew I should have just stayed in bed today,” I mumbled, shifting my gaze from the two teens on my left to the ground again. I sighed and worked up the courage to look at the figures on my other side. The scrapes on my hands and knees burned as I studied the cloaked figures. They were just as mysterious to me now as when I was staring at the ground, the heavy hoods giving nothing of their appearances save for one thing – or rather four . . . things. From within the folds of black, two sets of bright, glowing eyes shone brilliantly – like stars in the night sky – glaring at the pair on my left. The familiar sight filled me with shock and confusion. A bizarre, single thought came to me then: the only thing my mind could process. Somehow, I got the impression my strange visitors were a little less than human.
“How did I get into this?”
That was the question of the century.









Chapter 4
Opposition


After a short trip down memory lane, I focused my attention back on the mysterious men. Emerald and sapphire, that was the only way to describe the glowing orbs in the darkness. Taking another look at them, I could tell both were tall; however, the blue ones were a good few inches higher than the green. His cloak also seemed bulkier. If I had to make a guess, I’d say “Ol’ Blue Eyes” was the one unclogging toilets. Despite my desperate situation, I felt the corners of my mouth twitch at my thoughts. I turned my gaze back to the other man, only to find myself staring into the most vivid form of green I had ever seen. To be fair, most of the other shades didn’t light up.
We stared at each other without a word, both lost to the world around us. The funny thing about eyes was they can usually tell you a lot about a person: what they’re thinking, how they’re feeling, or maybe even a glimmer of who they really are inside. I had spent nearly my whole life looking into other peoples’ eyes, studying how to read them. But as I gazed into that brilliant green, I was at a loss. It was too bright, too distracting. For the first time in my life, I was across from a person who had the same eyes as me, and I had no idea what was going on in his mind.
“It can’t be,” he said in a hushed voice. Though his gaze was a mystery to me, the disbelief in his voice was evident.
“Huh? You say something, Farron?” the Plumber asked while turning his head towards his companion. He glanced at Farron for a second before I caught his attention. Suddenly, deep blue joined the green in my vision, and I narrowed my eyes. It was like being in the headlights of a neon party car. 
“No way! This girl is . . . but she’s so weak!”
Now that was just uncalled for. I huffed to myself, about to remind this guy I got taken out by a back-attack – from someone over a foot taller! 
“Should we take her?”
“No. We’re done here, Plumbarco. We’ve wasted enough time with these humans.” Farron shifted his arm into his cloak.
“Hey! We’re still here, or have you forgotten? Don’t think we’re about to let you leave!” the girl on my other side yelled. Truth be told, I kind of had forgotten they were there. I whipped my head around just in time to see her break into a run towards the cloaked men.
“Kaira! Wait!” Her handsome friend reached out to grab her arm, but he wasn’t quick enough. She was barely a foot away from the strangers when she slowed, her leg sailing around into the air for a high kick – sleek and graceful, just like a ballet dancer. I looked in awe as her long leg forced forwards, only an inch away from impact. Swish!
I coughed violently as a surge of . . . of dust? sand?. . . filled the air. What the hell was that? I continued to try and clear my lungs and stood from my position on the ground. It turned out to be a good decision. As the air cleared, the cloud began to settle on the ground. I brushed my clothes off, looking at some of the material that came off in my hand. It was like fine, dark gray sand, and as I moved my hand over to the nearby street light, it glittered with tiny sparkles of light. 
“Cool,” I said in awe, waving my hand in the light.
“Kaira, are you all right? What happened?” 
The army man crouched by his friend and put his hands on her shoulders. She sat coughing on the ground. Other than the dust coating her clothes, she looked no worse for the wear.
“Yeah, Markus, I’m fine. It just surprised me. They must have used the stone.” She grimaced before she and Markus stood. “What do we do now?”
“I don’t know,” he replied. “We have to return to Master Rigel. He needs to know what happened. Oh and the girl,” he pitched in, suddenly remembering something. “You - ” he looked at me and stopped mid-sentence. This was the first time my fighter saviors paid me any attention. And unfortunately, it looked like they didn’t like what they saw.
“This was a set up!” Kaira spat in my direction. “She’s one of them!”
Seeing my integrity was in danger, I spurred forwards. “No way! I was attacked by those guys! Who the hell are ‘they,’ anyway? And who are you?”
Kaira looked at me in furious indignation. For one so beautiful, she sure could make one scary-ass face. Her whole body tensed up, and for a second, it looked like she was about to leap at me and try to kick my head in. I was trying to decide whether I could take her when I was mercifully spared by the militant forces.
“Settle down, Kaira. I don’t think she’s with them,” Markus said while looking at my wrinkled uniform. I smiled at Markus. Looks and brains. I’m beginning to like this guy. “Besides,” he began, looking lower to take in my bloody knees, “I don’t think she’s cut out for fighting, especially against them.” Scratch that last part. My smile dropped, and I glared at him instead.
“So we’ve established I’m just the victim here. Good. You never did tell me who you guys are,” I pointed out while nursing my pride. Didn’t anyone know what a back-attack was anymore? Not cut out for fighting, indeed.
“Who we are is none of your concern,” Kaira snarled, turning away. “Come on, Markus. We need to speak with Master at once.” 
Markus shook his head at her retreating form before turning back to me. He looked at me for a few moments then slowly took some steps forwards.
“Are you sure you’re all right? Do you need me to escort you home?” he asked. “It’s gotten pretty dark.”
I studied him cautiously. He seemed to be honest. I didn’t think he was trying to lure me into a dark alley and do away with me. 
“No, that’s okay,” I declined at last. Pointing down the street, I added, “My house is just there.”
“Suit yourself, then. Take care.” He turned and began walking after Kaira.
“And the dark doesn’t bother me.”
He threw a smirk over his shoulder. “I know.”
I watched him until he faded out of view. Maybe my first impression was right and he wasn’t so bad. Couldn’t say the same for his friend. I turned and started making my way to the house, wincing as my knees burned from the movement. What a messed up evening. My mind buzzed in the aftermath of all that happened. A million questions flitted around my mind, and I didn’t know where to begin. Something big happened, and I was just as clueless now as I had been before I even got attacked. Who were those guys in the hoods? What were those guys? I couldn’t help but think about the way that Farron guy looked at me so intensely. Does he know something about me? I growled in frustration as I began walking the path to the front door. My hand gripped the handle tightly, and a new thought suddenly crashed through the jumble of questions. Does he know something about my father?









Chapter 5
Aphelion


My father. Taboo subject, that one. Truth be told I didn’t really know much about the guy. He died when I was still a baby, leaving me with nothing but forgotten memories. Hell, I didn’t even have a picture of the guy. Growing up, my family hadn’t been the most forthcoming about what he was like, especially Auntie. From the uninhibited sneers, I got the feeling she wasn’t overly fond of him. Uncle Sebastian didn’t have much to say about him, either. So, yeah, he wasn’t exactly grooving with the in-laws. Well, there was one exception . . .
“Mom.”
I remember now. “Your father? He was just like you, of course!” She would always laugh and say it like it was the most obvious thing in the world. I recalled how she would always talk about how strong he was and how handsome he was. I recalled how she would look out the window, a sad smile on her lips, a distant look in her stunning light green eyes.
I felt my eyes begin to sting, and I pushed the painful memories back. There was no need to keep dwelling on this. She was gone and she wasn’t coming back. No matter how much I wanted her to. No matter how much I needed her.
I opened the front door and stopped in the entrance. A pitch black void awaited me. It was too early for Auntie to go out on her late night binges. Where was she? I pushed down the fear that was rising in me. What if I wasn’t the only one those guys attacked. What if they got . . . Auntie . . . 
Coming into the living area, a flicker of light caught my eye, and I turned to find the source. Relief washed over me as I took in the image. She sat on the ground, a small, dim candle burning on the table in front of her. 
“What are you doing, Auntie? Just sitting on the floor like that . . .” I trailed off. She didn’t even acknowledge my presence when I walked towards her. Stepping closer, I noticed her clothes looked even filthier than this morning. Her top had some new dark stains, and looking at her bare arms, I saw her pale skin was covered in a light film of sweat and dirt.
“Is that dust, Auntie? Just how long were you in the attic?” I asked, peering over her shoulder and looking at her face. She didn’t so much as blink when I reached forwards and wiped her cheek. The dust was everywhere. Looking at her again, I settled into her eyes. Her gaze was deep and yet somehow lost, sadness glittering in the flicking flame. Following her line of sight, I felt my heart stop. A group of smiling faces peered back at me, and I felt the sadness that haunted my aunt’s eyes drift into my own.
 The photo must have been at least seventeen years old, but I still knew the faces all too well. It was them. Aunt Kaline looked so young and innocent back then. She couldn’t have been more than thirteen years old, her bright smile beaming at the camera. Uncle Sebastian, with his black shoulder length hair and rugged smirk, must have been the envy of every guy in the country. He looked every bit the perfect big brother, too, with an arm slung around each sister. I gazed at the last figure, and my chest burned. It was her. She looked so beautiful – long dark brown hair and soft, milky skin. A gentle smile graced her lips; a smile I so painfully recognized. I absorbed the whole image, three pairs of light green eyes staring back at me. They appeared so happy, so perfect. The world collapsed.
I clenched my eyes shut, the flood of misery and remorse threatening to break through. This was too much. I can’t take this. I straightened up and rushed for my safe haven. Why did she have to have that out? She wasn’t the only one suffering. A flood of anger joined my depression as I rounded the corner. Blood rushed in my ears, and I almost didn’t hear the soft “Ingrid” that came from behind me. 
I ignored her and continued on my way. I didn’t want to talk. I didn’t even want to look at her. They all looked so much alike. I slammed my bedroom door hard. After collapsing on my bed, I pulled my pillow to my face and screamed, tears soaking the old pillow case.
Shit! This is so shit! This wasn’t a messed up evening. This was the worst evening that ever happened. Why did this have to happen to me? Why couldn’t I be happy? Just like they had been . . . so long ago. I cried harder as the image of the beaming faces came back to me. I couldn’t suppress it anymore. The memories came flooding back, flowing just as forcefully as my tears.
I shuddered violently as the images began to change. Flashes of blood and slashed bodies danced across my mind. The scent of blood . . . charred flesh . . . wafted to my nose. I gagged and rushed to the bathroom, the contents of my stomach rising in my throat. I kneeled in front of the toilet for a few minutes, my meager dinner coming up. After I was sure my stomach settled, I turned to the sink and washed my mouth out before splashing cool water on my face. I glanced at my reflection and willed the memories back into their dark safe. My eyes glowed back at me, the light shimmering from my tears. 
I stumbled back into the bedroom and made my way to the bed. Without even taking my uniform off, I buried myself under the covers and took in several deep breaths. My sobs turned into silent weeping, and I began to forge my mental barriers, pushing all the pain away. 
Lesia was wrong. I wouldn’t need an alarm clock to get up in the morning. I wouldn’t be getting much sleep tonight; nightmares and anxiety would see to that. Finally numbing my mind, the pain in my body became evident. My hands and knees ached as I pulled the covers in a cocoon around my body. It didn’t matter. I was finally safe, here in my haven, and I wasn’t about to move an inch until the sun forced me out.
“I knew I should have just stayed in bed today.”








Chapter 6
Radio Waves


A thin sheen of light crept through the blinds of my window and into my eyes. I didn’t even flinch when I glanced towards the source – the crack of dawn. Finally. I pushed my covers to the side and slid out of bed. I shut the door to the bathroom and didn’t even bother to turn on the light before I made my way over to the mirror. I looked like a banshee; dark circles lined my bloodshot eyes and my hair was a tangled, dirty mess. After stripping off my uniform, I turned to the shower. I wouldn’t have to hurry today.
As I waited for the water to heat up, I thought about all that happened yesterday evening. Well, about the first part. I had long since locked the second part away and I wasn’t about to bring it out anytime soon. I was still very confused about everything. One minute I was walking home like usual, and the next my life was on the line, threatened by guys that had glowing eyes like me no less. I let out a sigh and stepped into the hot stream of water. My knees and hands burned in the water, and I set about cleaning the scrapes. I really should have done this last night. Finished with my wounds, I went about cleaning the gray sand out of my hair and off my pale skin. After about thirty minutes of washing and relaxing in the shower, I stepped out and grabbed a towel. It felt good to enjoy a long shower.
I toweled off before picking up my uniform off the ground. It was even worse than yesterday and that was impressive. The gray stuff covered every inch. On the bright side, Ursa wouldn’t be able to single out my lack of ironing skills. I shook the clothes trying to free some of the dirt, only to end up creating a mini cloud in the bathroom. Coughing and wheezing, I rushed into my bedroom and opened the window. With my uniform gripped in my hand, I thrust the clothes out the window and began to beat them against the side of the house. Satisfied with the small pile of gray on the grass below, I pulled my clothes back in and put them on. They weren’t spotless, but hey, it was better than looking like I’d rolled in from a dingy desert. 
I glanced at my watch and saw I still had some time to kill before making my way to school. I grabbed my bag and took out the small amount of homework I didn’t get to do last night and set to work. I made a promise, and evil attack or not, I was going to keep it. Going over the work, I realized it wasn’t nearly as difficult as I’d always believed. I could do this. After about twenty minutes of writing, I smiled and put the finished product into my bag. Easy-peasy.
I stood up, picked up my materials, and began to make my way out the door. It was still a little early, but I decided I would rather wait for my friends at the intersection than stay here. As I walked past the living room, I felt a rush of relief when Aunt Kaline was nowhere to be seen. It was too early for her to be up if she made it back to her room – if not too early for her to be back at all. Either way, I was glad to not see her. It was still too soon. They looked so much alike.
I made my way out the door and set off down the street. I cast a nervous glance around the neighborhood, taking in my surroundings. Unlike last night, there were people out leaving for work. This combined with the presence of the morning sun began to put a gradual ease in my mind. By the way they rushed off last night, I got the feeling those guys weren’t likely to make an attack with a lot of witnesses. And if they were anything like me, the light would put them at a disadvantage should my heroes appear again. 
I came to the intersection where my friends had been waiting for me the day before, and I stood against the wall. My mind spun again with unanswered questions. While knowing who those guys were would be nice, I soon discovered that knowing what they were appealed to me more. I wasn’t one for supernatural nonsense, but just this once, I figured I’d humor myself. Let’s see. What goes around preying on teenage girls and likes the dark? I felt my mouth twist in revulsion as the most obvious answer popped into my head. Oh, hell no. I didn’t drink blood, I didn’t fear garlic, and I sure as hell didn’t sparkle in the sun. Next, I thought as I rolled my eyes. Maybe I was going about this all wrong. Although those guys wore cloaks, they still had humanoid shapes, and as far as I could tell so did I. Maybe humans, only with some kind of weird alteration. Mutants? I nodded my head. That had some potential. Remembering the way they spoke about humans, it did seem there was some hatred floating around. Or maybe I was all wrong and we weren’t even human at all, like some kind of foreign entity or ali – 
“Ingrid! Is that really you?”
I turned to look at my nearing friend, a smirk creeping up. “That’s right! No, your eyes are not deceiving you. I’m really here . . . early!”
“You still may need to pinch me,” Lesia replied. “I think I may still be dreami – Ouch! What was that for?”
“You said – ”
“Yeah, but I didn’t really mean it,” she muttered while rubbing her arm. “So why are you here so early? Did you sneak off and buy a clock last night? You shouldn’t have done that; it was starting to get dark.”
“Well, actually, I didn’t. I just had some trouble sleeping last night,” I admitted, sliding down the wall into a crouch. Now that I was on the topic, I felt pretty sleepy. “Bad dreams.”
She didn’t make any attempt to dive further into the subject, something I greatly treasured about my best friend. Lesia knew my mother was dead, but that was really the extent of her knowledge of my past. I got the impression she suspected there was more to it, but she never probed, and I never brought it up. I couldn’t explain it, but somehow she could sense what I was feeling. When I was happy, sad, or times like this when I didn’t want to talk about something. It had always been like that ever since I could remember. 
“Ingrid,” she gasped, “what happened to your knees?” She knelt beside me and ran a hand gently along the scrapes.
“Oh, that.” I frowned, my mind whirling for an excuse. I couldn’t exactly tell her I was attacked by two something-or-anothers in cloaks . . . not yet anyway. She would only overreact, and I needed time to figure out just what had happened. “I just got in a hurry to get home last night and ended up eating concrete. No big deal. Besides, they’re already healing.” 
Unfortunately, in addition to sensing my feelings, she could also tell when I was lying. I knew this by the vague “uh-huh” and the unimpressed look she shot me. 
“But you’re right,” she said, looking closer. “It looks like the scabs have already formed. Don’t pick them or it’ll scar,” she finished in a motherly fashion.
I smiled at her and then surveyed the intersection.
“I’ll be sure not to do that. Anyway, where’s Tybalt? He’s going to make me late. What? Why are you looking at me like that?”
Lesia gave me a piercing stare before responding. “Now you know how we feel.”
I chuckled for a few seconds, shaking my head. “Yeah, but this is different. This is my big return to homeroom. I can’t have Ty ruining my grand entrance. Do you think Mr. Alcor remembers what I look like?” I joked. Then I thought about it a second and turned serious. It had been two months.
“I wouldn’t worry about that. You do stand out.”
She’s got a point, I thought as I caught my reflection in one of the windows of a building across the street. Bright lavender gleamed back at me. “Like a radiation hazard.”
“Oh, Ingrid, your personality isn’t that bad,” she teased before laughing at my half-hearted glare. “I’m sorry. I was just joking, but I really do think you’re wonderful.” My heart warmed with little fuzzies at that. “And here comes Ty. He can tell you as well.”
I turned my attention down the street, and sure enough, there strode our charming friend. He pointed at us and shrugged his shoulders.
“Damn, I really am running late this morning. Even Ingrid’s here before me.”
“For your information, Tybalt, I got here first,” I bragged, feeling rather proud of myself. “And get this, I was early.”
Ty gave me a skeptical glance before turning to Lesia. “It’s true,” she confirmed.
Upon hearing the affirmation, Ty broke out in wide grin and wrapped an arm around my shoulders.
“I guess finally getting your dear friends sent to the lair really set you straight. I’m proud of you,” he bubbled, sniffing and pretending to wipe a tear. “My girl. Punctual.” 
I felt my face heat up. “Yeah, well, I’m a team player,” I replied, looking at the ground in an attempt to hide my face. Why couldn’t my hair be just a little longer?
“Let’s go team!” Ty exclaimed, throwing his other arm around Lesia. I tried to sneak a look at her through my hair, but Ty’s body blocked my path. “Today is the day we finally escape Ursa’s cycle of pain and discipline. The three of us together in homeroom at last!”
“Jeez, Ty, you don’t have to be so enthusiastic about it.”
Not that it would have made much of a difference if he wasn’t. As we walked into the schoolyard, we were soon the focus of every set of eyes on campus. I couldn’t blame them; this was a momentous occasion. For the first time in months, Ingrid Fairheit was at school on time.

I let out a huge yawn, trying to force my concentration on the blackboard in the front of the room. The wonders of the early Twentieth Century floated delicately through my left ear and straight out the right. I was way too tired for this, but I did make a promise. I bit the inside of my cheek trying to jolt some energy back into my body. It didn’t work. I vaguely wondered why I was so excited about being on time today. Other than a flabbergasted look from Mr. Alcor, the day had proceeded as it normally did – long and boring. My eyelids started to feel like closing bear traps when an announcement rang out over the intercom.
“Ingrid Fairheit, please report to the principal’s office.” 
I creased my eyebrows in confusion before standing and gathering my things. Ignoring all the “ooh’s” from my mature classmates, I excused myself from the room and made my way down the hall. While this certainly wasn’t the first time I’d been beckoned to Ursa’s office, this was the first time I couldn’t think of a reason why. A smirk found its way to my mouth as I imagined her really checking to see if I was sick. Maybe she really did enjoy those morning conversations. 
“Kids still okay, Tania?” I asked, walking into the office and acknowledging the secretary. She didn’t even pause in her phone conversation as she pointed her pen over to the principal’s door. I took the hint and knocked. I waited for the entrance cue and walked in.
“Good to see you are indeed alive and well, Miss Fairheit, if a little,” Principal Dipper stopped and glanced down at my knees, “worse for the wear.” She indicated to one of the chairs in front of her desk, and I moseyed over and took a seat.
“Yeah, well, some of us have to be the ducklings,” I replied, pushing my skirt down so it covered my knees. 
She leaned forwards, the light bouncing off her thick frames. “That is true,” she commented. “Did you have some kind of accident?”
My mind sped into overdrive. Ursa had a knack for picking up on falsehoods. Many years experience from lying students, no doubt.
“Uh, kind of. I got into a rush going home and tripped,” I lied. I studied her face as she leaned back and the light shifted off her lens. Stone gray bore into me thoroughly unconvinced.
“You should be more careful, Miss Fairheit. It’s always a good idea to pay attention to one’s surroundings. I wouldn’t want one of my students missing school over a careless running away incident.”
I didn’t respond as I continued to hold her gaze. This old woman. She knew I was lying. That much was certain, but what else did she know. She hadn’t said anything to indicate she knew exactly what happened, but what was with that look and . . . could it be possible? No, I pressed firmly into my mind, she doesn’t know what happened. She just knows I’m not being completely honest. And even if she did have a few good guesses, I seriously doubted any of them involved cloaked creepers. 
“I’ll be sure to do that, Principal Dipper,” I said at last. “Is that all you wanted to talk about? The next class will be beginning soon.” I leaned over and grabbed the strap of my bag. 
“Not quite so fast, Miss Fairheit,” she stopped me. “The reason I called you here is to give you this.” She reached into one of the vast amounts of drawers that lined her desk and pulled out a white envelope. “A very dear friend of mine wanted me to give this to you. I think it would be in your best interests to consider it carefully,” she added with a stern voice, handing the envelope to me.
I reached out and grabbed the envelope with care. Flipping it over, I noted the paper was blank of any writing, but instead had an image on the front. My eyes wandered over the sketch. It was a strange figure made of dots and lines. The dots were arranged in an odd pentagon on top of a thin-topped trapezoid. From two heavy dots on opposite sides of the pentagon, a pair of stick-like arms were attached. One of the arms was sticking up and ended in a rectangular V. The other arm was more horizontal, and at the tip, a squiggly vertical line of dots formed the shape of a backwards C. Ursa’s friend really needed more practice making connect-the-dots patterns.
“Um, okay, Principal Dipper. Thanks for giving me this. I’ll be sure to look at it.” I glanced at the odd little pattern again, bemused. Giving up on making any sense of it here, I put the envelope in my bag and stood up.
“Make sure that you do. This is a very important matter, Miss Fairheit.”
I exited the office just in time for class change. While hurrying to my next class, I could practically feel the letter burning a hole in my bag demanding to be read. It looked like I’d be wide awake for Biology.









Chapter 7
Astronomy


I sat in my seat and waited patiently for the second bell to ring. Why did five minutes have to take so damn long? I reached into my bag and grabbed my biology book and notebook. After tossing the pair on my desk, I flipped the pages around to what I thought the day’s lecture would be on. Glancing around, I dug for the letter and tucked it under my notebook.  Mrs. Mizar was notorious for taking up notes, and I really didn’t want her snatching this little treasure before I had the chance to read it. I saw Lesia and Ty enter the room together. Lesia caught my eye and came over to take her seat beside me. Ty followed suit and sat behind her. 
“You’re really on the ball today. First homeroom and now Biology. The teachers will suspect you’re up to no good,” Ty teased after taking his seat.
“Half the time, they’d be right,” I said, looking at the clock. “I just got out of Ursa’s office at the beginning of class change.”
“So?”
“So?”
“So,” Ty began again, “what was that about?”
“Oh. Nothing really.” I hated lying to my friends. “She just wanted to make sure I wasn’t dead or something since she and I didn’t get to have our usual chat.” Okay, that wasn’t totally untrue. She did say she was glad to see I was alive. 
The late bell chose to end my suffering, signaling the beginning of class. We all turned our attention to the blackboard as Mrs. Mizar began her lecture on the more fascinating aspects of taxonomy. Shifting my gaze around, I noticed that not two minutes into the lecture the majority of the eyes in the room had that distinctive glazed-over appearance. Lesia, one of the few exceptions, was focused acutely on the board, pausing only to jot down a few notes. The only other exception was Ty. His eyelids were all that captured his attention. Seeing my opportunity, I slid the note out from under my notebook with the gingerness of a ninja. I frowned at the strange stick figure, still clueless as to what it was. After quickly making sure Mrs. Mizar’s back was still towards me, I eased the envelope open and took out a single note.
You have many questions. Come to the temple at the edge of town for the answers.
Gee, whoever sent this sure had a lot to say. I flipped the note over to see if anything was written on the back. Blank as my classmates’ brains. I stuffed the note back inside the envelope and glared at the stick-dot thing. Was it so much to ask that I actually got a break every now and then? Shit. What was that? Like two whole sentences? And it wasn’t even on a full piece of paper, either. Just some little cheap-ass notecard . . . when did it get so dark?
Startled, I looked up and into soul-stealing black. Mrs. Mizar was standing beside me, her ominous shadow casting over my desk. Her eyes moved down away from mine. I followed and saw what caught her attention. The envelope laid in full view right over my notebook. I contemplated snatching it up for a second before deciding that would probably only land me in more trouble. Besides, if she really wanted to read my little love note and embarrass me in front of the class, she was going to be disappointed. 
“I, uh – ”
“Well, well, Miss Fairheit. I’m glad to see you’re finally taking an interest in the sciences. Unfortunately, it seems that while you are up in space, the rest of us are still here on Earth mastering classification,” she quipped before turning and walking back towards the board. “But I assure you, astronomy will come soon enough. Right after genus and species. Kings play chess on fine green sand, children.”
Relief washed over me, and I pushed the envelope back under my notebook. Out of the corner of my eye, I saw Lesia looking at me. Ignoring her, I spent the rest of the period lost in taxonomy land with Mrs. Mizar, determined not to get caught again.

I managed to make it through the rest of the day without much incident, but it wasn’t like I had to keep sneaking a peek at the note to know what it said. It was pretty straight to the point on what I had to do. I’d been waiting for Lesia to ask about the letter, but she didn’t say a word about it. It was a bit unnerving, to tell the truth. I knew she was fully aware that something was up, but all I got was feigned ignorance. It crossed my mind that she was probably trying to respect my privacy or wait for me to bring it up, but the more exciting part of my mind concluded she was just waiting for the right moment to spring. Either way, the suspense was really starting to get to me, and her patience far outweighed mine.
The more I thought about all that happened, the more I wanted to spill everything to my friends. They had always been there for me, and I for them. This time was different; I knew they would only freak out if they found out about the attack and stop me from going to that temple. I couldn’t let that happen now that I was so close to potentially finding out something about what had happened last night. I would tell Ty and Lesia everything soon, but right now, I needed to do this more than anything. I needed to know about those strange guys, and maybe I might find out something about myself. A surge of determination flashed through me as I resolved to go seek out the temple. I just hoped the note wasn’t some bogus lead.
We made our way down the hall and out to the front gates when Ty turned to speak to us. “So, ladies, what do you want to do for the rest of the afternoon? I managed to find some spare change around the house ‘cause I know a certain someone’s been dying to go to the arcade,” Ty sang out while pulling a bag of change from his pocket. It was so true. I’d been itching to get on the joystick and earn some respect. There was nothing more satisfying that kicking some poor arcade junky’s ass with a sword-wielding Chinese girl to the beats of a Japanese dance machine. Resolve, Ingrid, resolve. No! I had to go to the temple. I already decided! It’s a shame determination didn’t come with the same entertainment value as a video game.
“Sorry, Ty,” I declined, my voice laden with disappointment. “I can’t. I already planned to go . . . um,” I paused, trying to think of, well, anything, “home.” That was hard. “My aunt. I didn’t see her this morning, and I need to go check on her.” Why did lying have to take so much effort and brain power?
“I see,” he said, giving me a skeptical look. While I was on the issue, why did my friends have to be so good at detecting my lies. “How about you, Lesia? Any other plans?”
“I think I’m going to head home, too. I have some things I need to catch up on.”
“Another time then. I’ll see you both tomorrow, but don’t expect me to have any more change,” he replied, giving us a half-hearted wink. “See you later!” I watched him turn and leave with a knot in my stomach. I really did want to go to the arcade with him. Hell, I wanted to go anywhere with him. I sighed and looked at the ground. Soon. Soon I’d have my answers and be done with this. I saw a slight movement out of the corner of my eye and almost jumped out of my skin when I saw Lesia still standing beside me. Her doe eyes stared into mine, and I feared she heard my thoughts. That or I had done something stupid like say them out loud. It wouldn’t be the first time. In times like this, I found it was often useful to use one’s best defense. Play dumb.
“Aren’t you going home, Lesia?”
“Don’t play dumb with me, Ingrid.” Damn. “I know something’s up. I just wish,” she began, eyes dropping sadly to the ground, “I just wish that you would trust us enough to tell us what it is.”
Wow, I felt horrible. Seeing her so sad and concerned only made the guilt burn deeper into my chest. The thought that she felt I didn’t trust them filled me to the point I could feel the truth rising in my throat. Resolve.
“That couldn’t be further from the truth!” I blurted out, instead. “I trust you guys more than anyone else in the whole world. I trust you guys with my life! But it’s just . . .” I faltered, not sure what to say at first. “You just have to trust me on this. I have to figure this out on my own for now, and then I promise,” I declared, grabbing her hand, “I will tell you everything.” She didn’t say anything as she continued to look at the ground, but I could feel her fingers tighten around mine.
“Just tell me,” she pleaded, “does it have anything to do with your injuries?”
I bit the inside of my cheek, debating if I should answer that question with honesty or not. She chose that moment to look up at me, and I knew in an instant what I was going to say.
“Yes.”
“And that note?”
So, she did see the letter. I didn’t even contemplate lying to her this time. It was senseless at this point. She already knew what I was going to say.
“Yes.” Simple, but effective.
“Can I see it?” I opened my mouth to protest. “Just the envelope, I mean. I won’t read that note if you don’t want me to. It’s just I noticed it had some design on the front.”
I didn’t see any harm in that. I dug in my bag reaching for the little envelope. Besides, maybe she could make some sense of the weird thing. I sure couldn’t. Handing her the envelope, I regarded her face then took a step back. Her brows furrowed as she turned it around in her hands, looking at the sketch from different angles. Her eyes darted to the sky for a moment, and she held out the envelope for me to take back.
“Okay, Ingrid. I’ll see you tomorrow,” she said, turning to leave. I gazed after her, grasping the note in my hands.
“It’s Orion!” she called, glancing over her shoulder and pointing up. “The constellation.”

So, here I was – making my way up an enormous hill. The temple, like all other temples in the world, was built on the summit. The walk across town hadn’t been as bad as I thought it was going to be. I had the nerve to think that would be the hardest part. Proven wrong for the umpteenth time. I took in a few deep breaths and continued to hike up, the Orion envelope in my inescapable hold. I didn’t know what awaited me at the top, but I knew one thing for sure; if what awaited me was a bunch of jokesters with telescopes, there was going to be some serious hell to pay. I leaned against a pine tree to catch my breath, enjoying the shade it provided. The only saving grace of this trip was the fact the temple was right beside the forest. The trees shielded me from the glare of the afternoon sun. Gathering the last of my strength, I made the last stretch to the top.
I leaned over and let my body relax from the test I just put it through. Once my heart rate returned to near normal, I looked around. I’d never been to the temple before, so I had no idea what to expect. It seemed like the whole top of the hill had been flattened to make room for the grounds. An expansive building centered at the far end of the grounds closest to the forest drew my immediate attention. It had a tall, sloped roof, and the whole thing appeared to be made of wood. Deep green lining added decoration around the edges of the roof. Almost a dozen other smaller buildings of similar style were scattered around. Stone walkways weaved around, cutting through deep grass and connecting all of the buildings. Off to the side of the buildings, a large dirt field sat. The whole place had a distinctively Asian feel to it, which was a definite oddity considering it had been built nearly a hundred years ago in the middle of the United States. A log cabin Chinatown. Impressed, I made my way to the central walkway and started towards the large building.
“Girl.”
I almost knocked myself over spinning towards the voice. While searching for the source, I saw a woman standing on the porch of one of the smaller buildings. Her dark brown eyes flashed with amusement as she blew smoke from a cigarette. She was an older woman, perhaps in her fifties. Her long black hair streaked with gray, and her tanned skin was starting to crease with wrinkles. Glancing at her frame, I noticed she was quite short. It looked like I had caught her at leisure time, for the only clothes she wore was a light green robe. I set my eyes on her face again and waved. She didn’t respond; her attention focused on two things.
“You must be Ingrid Fairheit,” she said, her eyes piercing into mine.
“That’s right. And who are you? Did you send me this?” I asked, holding up the envelope. 
“So many questions,” she commented, tapping her cigarette against a wooden beam. “So impatient. I’ll start with the first, and we can continue from there. My name is Meissa, and I am the master of the Orion Temple.” 








Chapter 8
Sky Priestess


“What the hell is the Orion Temple?”
“You’re an impertinent one, aren’t you?” Meissa noted, a smirk forming on her ruby-painted lips. “Reminds me of someone I know.”
“Well?”
“Yes?”
“You said you’d answer my questions,” I huffed in annoyance. “So start answering!”
She tilted her head, looking at me with half lidded eyes. Clucking her tongue, she then turned to walk into the door behind her.
“Hey, wait!” I shouted. There was no way I was going to let her go without telling me anything. Especially after I hiked all the way up that damn hill. I dug my toes into the path prepared to run after her.
“Aren’t you coming? I thought you wanted me to ‘start answering,’” she mocked, not even turning to look back at me. I glared at her back, wishing she would spontaneously combust. Wait. Tell me what I wanted to know and then combust. I seriously debated leaving then. I didn’t need her. I could find another all-knowing old hag to tell me about my attackers, or better yet, find out on my own. I just needed to find a lead or a clue or something somewhere . . . anywhere . . . that didn’t exist. Swallowing my pride, I started walking after her. The sooner I got this over with, the better.
As I entered the building, I noticed it was some kind of living quarters. In the center of the room stood a large wooden table. It was beautifully crafted with animals carved into the legs: dogs, birds, snakes, large cats and such creatures from what I could make out from my position. Four chairs surrounded the table, each with light green cushions in the seats and similar animal carvings along the legs and backs. Looking past the table, I noticed the far wall across from me appeared rugged and uneven. Small lettering decorated the wall, and I realized what it was: books spanning the whole length of the wall, jam-packed onto shelves. A personal library it seemed. To my right, an old wood-burning stove and a set of cabinets laid against the wall. From the smell, Meissa could only be cooking dinner. The last wall on my left was adorned with a simple doorway, which I assumed led to a bedroom. The sound of some guy saying something about the waves being just right and the roar of a crowd drifted in from the doorway. There must have been a television or radio in the room, though which I could only guess.
“When you’re done being nosey, you can take a seat,” she said, walking over to the stove and checking on her meal. I shot her back another dirty look as I dropped into one of the chairs at the table. I hadn’t noticed when I entered the room, but the surface was decorated, too. The same stick figure on my envelope had been cut into the top. I reached forwards and traced the image with my finger. The Orion constellation. I heard a clanking noise and saw Meissa dishing out her food. My stomach unleashed a loud growl, and I hoped she hadn’t heard it. A low chuckle dashed that dream, and I settled for crossing my arms and sulking. I didn’t look up when Meissa came to the table.
“Your stomach makes almost as much noise as your mouth,” she teased. “Here.” My eyes widened with surprise as a plate was placed in front of me. Meissa took the seat across from me and set her own plate down. The dish consisted of chicken, peas, and rice. Nothing dramatic, but I eyed the plate so wistfully you’d think it was covered with fairies.
“I can’t accept this.”
“I invited you here, did I not? You should take advantage of your host’s generosity,” Meissa curtly pointed out, “instead of disturbing the peaceful atmosphere with your bellyaching.”
For a fleeting moment, I convinced myself the food in front of me would be better served on her face than in my stomach. Another rumble persuaded me otherwise, however, and I didn’t waste any time in shoveling the nourishment into my mouth. “Hag,” I muttered in-between mouthfuls. 
“Careful now,” she warned with a sharp look. “You still haven’t gotten what you came for.” We eyed each other with the intensity of a raging fire before returning to the meal. I hated to admit it, but for a hateful old bitch, she sure could cook. I devoured the last of my share and leaned back, waiting for her to finish. The content feeling of a full stomach washed over me, and for the first time in two days, I allowed myself to relax.
“Ursa tells me,” Meissa began, standing with her now empty plate, “that you don’t get much care at home.” I lowered my eyes to the table when she stood beside me and grabbed my plate. I bit the inside of my cheek debating whether to answer or not. I didn’t know how I felt about my principal sharing my life woes with a stranger. 
“It’s just me and my aunt,” I responded at last. “She’s the one with the money.” The sound of running water filled the air.
“Surely you have some inheritance,” I heard over the stream.
“Well, I do, but it’s in a trust. I’m only sixteen.”
“I see.” The sound of water stopped and a dull clang soon followed. I turned my head and watched Meissa close one of the cabinets before returning to her seat across from me.
“How do you know Ursa?” I spat out as soon as her rear hit the cushion.
“An old, dear friend,” Meissa said with an oddly nostalgic look on her face. “She always kept me out of trouble.” I watched with mild fascination as the woman’s eyes momentarily lost focus. Fond memories, perhaps? Who knew the old witch had it in her. The edge returning to her gaze, she smirked at me. “Now, the endless questions.”
“Who were those guys that attacked me?” There was no doubt in my mind that she knew all about the previous night.
“Somehow, I knew that was going to be the first thing out of your mouth. The Ankida.”
“The Echidna?”
“An-ki-da,” she spaced out each syllable. I stared at her, waiting for her to continue. She stared right back at me, that insufferable smirk still heavy on her lips. I couldn’t take it anymore.
“And?”
“Yes?”
“What are they? Where did they come from?”
“I don’t know,” she stated. I let out an exasperated sigh and buried my head into my hands. I knew this was a waste of time. 
“Nobody knows. They just came from the north one night.” I looked up from my hands and saw her eyes move up as though she was remembering something. “Millennia ago.” She had my full attention now. This time, I knew there was more to come.
“Thousands of years ago, a large group of nomads came to a grand human city. Though the travelers possessed human form, their language was strange and clothes foreign. But what eclipsed all other aspects of the strangers,” she paused, her sharp eyes piercing into mine, “were their inhumanly bright, glowing eyes.” I sat in shock, my mind struggling to register what all this could mean.
“The ‘Ankida,’ they called themselves, had traveled for many years looking for a place to finally settle, but the humans of the city were wary. Frightened and mistrustful of the visitors’ cursed appearances, the humans tried to force the Ankida to leave. Words turned into threats, threats turned into conflicts, and eventually, the conflicts turned into war.
“The Ankida were strong and fierce, some even wielding strange abilities the humans had never seen before. Desperate for help, the humans of the city sent messages all over the globe asking for the best warriors the world had to offer. The messages were answered. 
“With skill and new resolve, the humans began to strike back against the Ankida. Taking advantage of the Ankida’s aversion to light, the humans would wield bright torches and weapons that produced blinding sparks. They would even douse the battlefield in oil while the Ankida retreated during the day, waiting patiently for night to fall and their chance to light it on the unaware enemy. The war raged on, neither side willing to surrender to the other despite the carnage and bloodshed that continued to spread across the land,” Meissa paused in her story, clearing her throat and licking her dry lips.
“So what happened?” I was completely enthralled.
Meissa smiled. “She happened.” At my confused look, she continued. “The beautiful and powerful priestess Ourania. Unable to bear the pain of watching her people be ravaged, Ourania prayed and prayed to the gods until one night a magnificent sphere of fire descended from the heavens onto the battlefield. While both sides retreated in fear, Ourania rushed onto the field and collected the rock that had fallen from the sky.”
“A meteorite?”
“Yes, a meteorite. Ourania took her gift from the gods and from it forged five statues, each a representative of a great legend eternally painted in the night sky. The temporary halt in battle didn’t last long. Ourania descended on the battlefield with the five meteor stones, and with every last drop of her great power, she formed a gate to seal the Ankida. With the majority of the Ankida locked in another realm, the war ended, but only five mighty human warriors remained.  The dying priestess gave each of the warriors a stone statue, making them promise to forever guard the keys to the Gateway.”
Meissa stopped there, waiting patiently for me to say something. I sat in the hush, letting the story sink into my mind. That was a lot to absorb, and I was finding it difficult to process. The whole thing just seemed way to fantastical to be real. If there really had been some huge war like she said, surely there would be some record somewhere. 
“Okay, I’m no pro at staying awake in history class, but I think I would remember something about an ancient super war. I’ve never heard anything about this before,” I pushed in doubt. I may have to add “senile” to the list of words to describe this woman after all.
“Of course not, you silly girl,” Meissa snapped. “Can you even imagine what kind of disaster that would create?” I raised my eyebrow and she continued. “Imagine what would happen if all the self-proclaimed adventurers and collectors in the world set out to find and gather all the keystones – not to mention the Gateway. How many would seek out the Ankida? No,” she stressed. “In order to protect humanity, all knowledge of the stones and the Ankida must be erased from history. Ensuring the secret is kept has long been a duty of the five lines.”
“The five lines?”
“The descendents of the five warriors,” Meissa clarified. “You asked me what the Orion Temple is. We are the last of the great line entrusted with the protection of the Orion Keystone. For thousands of years, we have lived in secrecy, vigorously training our bodies in combat in order to protect the stone from all who would come to possess it.” Her dark eyes bore into mine. “Killing any Ankida that should dare enter our midst.”
My mouth felt like it was lined with cotton as I gaped at her. More than anything, I wanted to find an escape route, but no matter how hard I tried, I couldn’t tear my gaze away from hers. It was like she had me paralyzed in an invisible hold. My throat constricted, but I forced myself to speak.
“Is that,” I whispered with a dry crack, “why you asked me here? To . . . to . . .” I couldn’t get the words out. Struggling, I made myself say it. “Kill me.”
Her lips curled, the most awful, cold smile marring her face. She tilted her head and surveyed me with intensity. I couldn’t believe this was happening. What had I gotten myself into this time?









Chapter 9
Fragment
	

I stared at the woman across from me, my eyes wide with fear. This woman, who had so casually invited me into her home, was going to kill me. All because she thought I was one of those Ankida things. I’d let my guard down, become too complacent with this stranger. Stupid, stupid! I scolded myself. There must be some way out of here. She may be a martial arts master, but I was a hell of a lot younger. I can outrun her! I thought with confidence.
She continued to study me, that cool smirk never leaving her face. I was so busy preparing myself for her strike that I almost jumped out of my skin when she spoke instead.
“Of course not, you silly girl,” Meissa denied with a light air, mimicking her earlier statement. “I’m not some barbarian that attacks people I invite over to my home. Tell me, why would I have gone to all the trouble to feed you and tell you about the Ankida?” she asked, waving her hand in my direction. “Besides, there’d be no point in it now.”
My mind calmed a tiny bit at her statement, but my body was still tense with anticipation. Curiosity overwhelmed my fear, and I couldn’t help but ask, “What do you mean?”
“Hmm, that? Remember when I said we lived in secrecy and protected the stone for thousands of years? Truthfully, we have been the only line to successfully do so,” she paused, pursing her lips, “until yesterday.”
I frowned. “What? So you mean – ”
“It was stolen,” she stated.
“And the others?”
“Stolen, discarded, lost through the passage of time, and spread between the realms. It’s no easy task protecting something so sought out. Throughout the ages, the Orion Clan traveled all over China, building new temples in secret and moving when the location was no longer safe. Eventually, we migrated here. The other lines were not so fortunate.”
“But weren’t the Ankida sealed away?” Confusion swept over me. “And how can they be ‘spread between the realms?’ Don’t you need all of the keystones and the Gateway?”
“Not all of the Ankida were transported, only those that were on the battlefield at the time. Some of those that remained did try to seek out the stones. Others settled in obscurity far from human civilizations. As for moving between the realms,” she continued, “the keystones are quite special on their own.” Sensing what my next question would be, she went on. “It is true you need all five to unlock the Gate, but you don’t necessarily need the Gate to travel between the worlds. A single keystone can transport you. That is one reason they have become lost. Either by Ankida moving between the worlds or by clueless humans accidentally activating them, the stones have been spread out.”
“And there’s no way to find them?” I inquired, looking at the Orion carved into the table. Meissa didn’t respond, instead standing and walking over to one of the cabinets. After reaching in, she pulled out a box of matches. She produced another cigarette from the folds of her robe and leaned against the cabinet before lighting it and inhaling deeply.
“Markus tells me you’re quite swift,” she commented completely out of the blue. My mind blanked at the sudden change in topic before trying to place the name in question. I had a flash of the teens that came to my aid last night, and the image of a tall soldier took form. I’d thought his style of dress was strange, but after coming here . . .
“You know that guy?” I questioned her. Though I tried not to dwell on it, I also wondered if he had said anything else about me.
“Yes, he is an apprentice here. It is as I said: we are the only remaining temple left to protect the keystones. As a result, we are the ones who continue to train those who must fight to defend and seek out the stones.” She looked at me with narrowed eyes, a thoughtful expression on her face. “Wait here,” she commanded, moving from her place against the cabinet. “I have something for you.”
I watched as she crossed the room and entered the doorway along the left wall. What in the world could she possibly have for me? Allowed a peaceful moment to myself, I let my mind replay all that Meissa told me. There was no way all of that was true. Meteorite pieces that could transport you around? A secret race of people that were banished to another realm? Come on. Even with a bunch of families sneaking around and erasing history, there was no way all traces of these beings had been kept from the entire world. Hell, I had glowing eyes and I didn’t have a clue what she was talking about. It was just too extreme, too absurd – too amazing.
Rubbing my eyes, I could feel the beginnings of a huge headache. After a short internal debate on the pros and cons of being here, I decided it was best to just leave while she was in the other room. This fairytale pow-wow had come to an end. I’d just have to find out the truth on my own. Having made up my mind, I stood up and started towards the exit.
“Where do you think you’re going?” Meissa stopped me, returning with something sticking out of her clenched hand. “I’m not finished with you yet, and I certainly don’t remember giving you permission to leave,” she said with that insufferable smirk. 
I ground my teeth, trying to be as polite as possible. “Thank you for the meal and everything, but I’ve heard enough. I’ll be going home now.”
“Very well,” she replied with a bored look and waved me off. “But since I went to all the trouble to find this,” she said, raising her clenched hand, “the least you could do is take a look at it for me. After that, you are free to leave.”
I glared at her, wondering if this was some kind of trick. I should just say no and be done with this crazy bag. But, I did come all this way . . . and climbed that stupid hill. What could it hurt? It was probably just some more garbage she had come up with.
“Okay,” I complied before walking up to her. Her eyes twinkled with a mischievous gleam as she held out her hand and opened her fist. Laying across her palm was a long, jagged rock. It was grayish-black, and when the light of the setting sun shone on it from the doorway, it glittered beautifully – as though encrusted with thousands of tiny diamonds. 
“It’s a nice rock. What do you want me to do with it?” I asked, perplexed. 
“Take it.”
“Um, okay,” I said, cautiously picking the object up from her palm. I studied the rock, turning it in my fingers. It really was a pretty stone. I couldn’t take my eyes off of it. Compelled, I pressed the rock into my palm and began enclosing my fingers around it. I want to keep it, I thought, selfish desire spreading through me. Keep it and never let go. As I clenched my hand, a bright light suddenly erupted from my fist. Crying out, I dropped the shard and covered my searing eyes with my hands. I blinked frantically, trying to clear the burned afterimage from my retinas.
“What the hell was that?” I demanded, trying not to panic. Without my vision, I was an easy target. I heard a quiet scraping noise near my feet and took a few steps back. 
“Just as I thought,” I heard Meissa mutter, a smug note in her voice. “Lockkeeper.” Moving my hand, I forced my eyes open and looked at her. She appeared a little blurry, but my sight was returning to normal. I opened my mouth to yell at her again, but she turned around and started walking away. “You are free to go.”
Rage lit through my body like a wildfire. Every single curse I knew danced on my tongue and I sputtered, trying to use all of them at once. I felt a surge run through me down to my toes. I slammed my foot into the floor, and a loud crack rang throughout the room. I ignored it and turned sharp on my heel towards the door.  
“You may want to have a conversation with your aunt,” Meissa’s voice chimed behind me. I didn’t bother acknowledging her while I huffed my way to the exit. “I’m always here when you’re ready to hear the rest. And, Ingrid,” I slowed, “the stairs are to the right.” 
Fearing I would deck and strangle her to death if I turned to retort, I plowed my way out of her house and took a right. My vision danced red, and the blood rushed to my head. After stomping my way to the entrance of the temple grounds, I discovered that, sure enough, there were the fucking stairs descending all the way down the hill. I’d be damned if I ever came back to this place.

The sun was starting to set as I made my way across town. I inhaled deeply, enjoying a cool breeze that flitted across my face. The long walk worked to ease my fury, and I could feel my headache begin to fade. Though I tried to push the events of the afternoon far from my mind, I couldn’t help but dwell on that rock she had given me. There was definitely something special about it, besides the fact it could light up like a signal flare. I felt so drawn to it, like it was somehow attached to me. 
“Just as I thought.”  The words burned in my ears. Stupid old bitch, I thought in vicious contempt. Better watch your back.
While coming to the street that would take me home, I counted back from ten in an attempt to lower my rapidly rising blood pressure. There was no point in dwelling on that woman or anything that had gone on at the temple. I was going to figure this out on my own. Although, and I hated to admit it, she did give me one good piece of advice. I came to the front door of my house and reviewed what I was going to say. Determined, I opened the door and entered.
“Auntie, I’m home. Where are you?”









Chapter 10
Apastron


While my conversation with Meissa hadn’t been exactly what I’d hoped it would be, it did make me realize something important: my family had been keeping secrets from me for far too long. I was going to find Auntie and demand she tell me about our family and my father. No longer was I going to stumble around in the dark like a helpless child. I was going to get some answers once and for all.
The lights in the living room were on, but my aunt was nowhere in sight. It was still way too early for her to be out at her favorite dives, so I knew she had to be around. After exiting the living area, I took the turn in the hall that would lead me to the master bedroom. It turned out this would be easier than I thought it would be. Unfolded in the middle of the hall was the ladder that connected to the attic. From what I could tell, she had been up there all yesterday. Don’t tell me she’s been up there all day, I thought, walking to the ladder. I gripped the sides ready to climb up when a muffled noise fluttered down. Little sobs and whimpers filled my ears. Loosening my hold on the ladder, all of my previous determination deflated out of me like a squeezed balloon. She was up there with their things looking at that picture. Taking in a deep sigh, I turned around just as the sound of whispering passed down the stairs. Not caring to make them out, I made my way to my room. 
I tried not to think about what was happening upstairs and started on my homework. The deeper I got into the material, the more grateful I was for the distraction. Of all the things that had been thrown at me today, at least this was something that made sense. It was something I could understand and something I could solve. Why couldn’t life come with example problems? Shaking my head, I finished my work and put it into my bag.
As soon as I sat down on my bed, I let out a huge yawn. Now that I was finally able to relax, it was apparent just how exhausted I really was. My limbs felt like jelly. Struggling, I forced myself to get up and go to the bathroom to prepare for bed. Once ready, I sank deep into my sheets, my eyes closing as soon as I hit the pillow. Tomorrow, I promised, I’m going to ask her. And nothing was going to stop me.

Today was a momentous day, for not only was it Friday – the best day of the school week – today was the second day in a row I made it on time. From all the side glances and money changing hands, I had no doubt I was becoming hot gossip. I even saw a couple of betting pools for those daring enough to see if I could pull it off next week after the three-day weekend. I couldn’t help but shake my head. So little faith from the masses.
The first half of the day proceeded without much incident. I managed to surprise some of my teachers by handing in my homework on time, but those cheap thrills don’t go far. Lunch couldn’t come quick enough, even if all I got to do was watch others eat.
“Don’t look so sad, Ingrid,” Lesia soothed in her gentle voice. “My mom is making one of your favorites tonight.” At my surprised look, she let out a giggle. “You mean you actually forgot? It’s only your favorite day of the week.”
I gave her a quick apologetic look, ashamed that I actually forgot my weekly treat. She was right. Friday was my favorite day of the week; it was the day I got to spend the night at Lesia’s house. I don’t really remember when the situation became routine, but it started a couple of years ago when I would walk Lesia home. Back then, Lesia wasn’t allowed to walk around town or play during the week when she had homework. Since Friday was the only day she was off the hook, I just came home with her. Some afternoons I ended up staying pretty late, and Mrs. Delaney didn’t want me walking by myself in the dark. She always insisted I eat dinner with them and stay the night, not that I minded. Boy, was she a good cook. Anyway, eventually it got to the point where Mrs. Delaney would already have extra food ready for me. And somewhere along the line, Ty had gotten involved.
“It’s fine by me, Ingrid. I’ll just eat your share,” Ty said. He was smiling at me, but I got the feeling he was still a little miffed about yesterday afternoon.  I felt a bit guilty about blowing him off for some wild goose chase, but that didn’t give him the right to eat my food.
“Not a chance. I’d do a lot for you, but there’s no way in hell I’m going to let you gobble up my feast,” I counted, poking him in the chest with my finger. He tried to look offended, but my poking soon got to him, and he started laughing. Grabbing my hand to stop me, his eyes gleamed with mirth.
“What was that about? Have you been watching those shows with the sassy women?” he asked. I couldn’t think of a comeback as I became aware that he made no attempt to release my hand. His grip was firm, but I knew he wouldn’t try to hold me if I took my hand back. Not that I’d want to. It was so warm and comforting. 
“So, you are coming?”
I quickly turned my attention to Lesia. Her eyes were acutely focused on mine. She didn’t sound or look angry, but there was a keen edge to her eyes that made me think she was determined to look anywhere but at our hands. Not wanting to create a tense atmosphere, I pulled my hand from Ty’s and gave her a light smile.
“You bet. I wouldn’t miss this night for anything,” I stated in earnest. “Besides, I’ve got some wild stories to tell you guys.” At that, both my companions perked up, giving me their undivided attention. 
“Just what kind of stories?”
“You’re going to tell us where you went yesterday?” 
Ignoring Ty’s inquiry, I looked at Lesia’s now excited face.  “Of course, I told you I would. It’s a pretty long story, so it’ll have to wait until after dinner. I’d tell you after school, but I just need to go home and uh,” interrogate my aunt, “get a few things.”
“Wait, wait, wait,” Ty interjected, his brows furrowing in anger. “You told me you were going home yesterday. Is that not what happened? And how come Lesia knows about it?” Ty demanded to know, his voice raising. “Didn’t think you could trust me, is that it?” He clenched onto the edge of the lunch table, his forceful grip pressing into the wood.
“No, that’s not it!” I cried in alarm, trying to ignore the increasing number of stares we were attracting. “I had something important I needed to do . . . by myself,” I quickly added when he opened his mouth to protest. “I didn’t tell Lesia, either. She kind of figured it out.” I looked to Lesia for help, which she, in all her merciful glory, gave.
“Calm down, Ty,” she said, her voice pacifying. “I knew she was up to something, so I made her tell me after you left.” I stayed silent, not wanting to draw attention back to myself.
Ty brought his hands up to cover his face and took in a few deep breaths. He muttered something to himself before standing up. “I’m sorry, guys. Ingrid. I just need to get some air.” He sped out of the lunchroom amid hushed comments and open stares. I watched after him with deep longing, worried about the state of our friendship. What was going on? This wasn’t like Ty at all. I had expected him to be a little annoyed with me after finding out I lied to him, but to take it so personally? I was at a loss. 
“What the hell was that about?” I murmured my thoughts out loud, eyeing the edge of the table Ty manhandled in his rage. The wood had been pressed into making an almost perfect indentation of his hand. Running my hand around the side, I discovered that even the metal lining was bent.
“I have no idea,” came Lesia’s gentle reply. She watched me study the table’s injury with the same lost look on her face. Where had normalcy gone?

One might call it single-mindedness: another, determination. Whatever it was called, no one could deny that when Ingrid Fairheit had an objective in mind, she didn’t rest until it was fulfilled, and I assure you, I didn’t waste any time in heading home after the final bell rang. There was little point in hanging around anyway; Ty pretty much avoided Lesia and me for the rest of the day. I was a little concerned, but I had more pressing things to deal with. So after a quick “see ya” to Lesia, I was on my way. I had been too exhausted to confront my aunt last night, but now I was refreshed and ready to force the issue if need be. After all that I went through, there was no way I was going to back down. Auntie would tell me what I wanted to know, whether she liked it or not.
After bursting into the front door, I surveyed the living room for any signs of life. I was a little disappointed, but not wholly surprised, at finding nothing. I didn’t let it deter me, though, because I knew just where to go next. Sure enough, the ladder to the attic was still pulled down, blocking the hall to the master bedroom. Steeling myself, I began my ascent to the top. It was dark in the attic. That wasn’t a problem for me. My eyes adjusted in an instant, and I took in my surroundings. 
Boxes and old chests covered in thick layers of dust lined the walls. A few sheets lay here and there in what looked like a poor attempt to shield some of the items. Turning towards the only source of light in the room – a single candle – I saw my objective sitting beside it. Her back was turned to me, her long hair hiding most of her body. 
“Aunt Kaline,” I called, being sure to use her name. That was one of the ways she knew when I was being serious. She jumped at my voice. She turned the top half of her body to look at me, and I caught a glimpse of a dusty old mirror, some jewelry, and a few random stray things in front of her. My throat tightened when I saw the picture propped up behind the items.  Swiftly moving my gaze away from it, I fixed my focus on her face.
Aunt Kaline was hardly known for cleaning up her appearance, but now she looked atrocious. Her face was smeared with dust and streaked with sweat. Taking in her body, I could see she was still wearing the same clothes from two days ago. Her arms and hands were even dirtier than her face. Worst of all were her eyes: hollowed and dull, like she was slowly rotting up here. That might not have been very far from the truth considering I was fairly sure she hadn’t bathed or even eaten since being up here. I planned to address these concerns, but first things first.
“Tell me about my father.” It wasn’t quite a demand, but it was firm nonetheless. A rush of relief came to me when I saw a spark of life return to her eyes. It was small at first, a shadow of a glint, but it soon grew, filling her light green eyes like a fire. Her eyelids narrowed, and a scowl adorned her face.
“What about him?” she snapped.
“Well, uh . . .” I was a little intimidated by her harsh change in mood, but I couldn’t back down now. “Who was he?”
“No one of importance,” she sneered. “He’s better left forgotten.”
Refusing to let her drop the subject, I pursued, “No, he wasn’t! He was different. He was someone or something – ”
“Some thing is right,” my aunt quipped, taking quick advantage of my words. It had been so long since I’d seen my aunt completely sober; I had forgotten just how sharp she was. My eyes narrowed in frustration, and I instantly wished I brought a six pack with me to throw her off. She might have actually released some info in her drunken ramblings.
She whipped her body back to its original position, and I had half a mind to throw something at the back of her head. “I never understood why father always insisted we learn to fight.”
“Huh?” I needed to learn how to handle my dumbfounded moments better.
Ignoring me, she continued, “I mean, there was no point in it. It had been lost so long ago. He still insisted, saying we would always be targets. I never put much effort into it,” she said with an offhanded sigh, “but they did – even after father died.” Her voice remained airy, like she was telling a fairytale or bedtime story. Without warning, she slammed her fist into a nearby box. I was taken aback by her continuous mood shifts but stayed silent.
“And then he came!” she spat, her voice filling the room. “I was barely a teenager, but even I could tell there was something unnatural about him! I begged her not to keep seeing him.” Her voiced cracked with desperation. “But Adeline never could leave well enough alone.” I felt a twinge in my chest at the mention of my mother’s name. “Even when Sebastian forbid her to go, she kept sneaking off into the night to be with him.” She gasped for air. “And then it finally happened. She’d gotten pregnant with that monster’s child!”
I felt my eyes burn at my aunt’s callous interpretation of my conception. My aunt could be careless and even selfish at times, but not once had I ever doubted her affection for me. But now, as I stood listening to her speak of my parents, I had to wonder if that’s what she really saw me as: “that monster’s child.”
“They even had the nerve to act so happy. It was so dangerous. And he knew it!” She slammed her fist into the box again. “He knew she was angry; that she would never let him go. For the sake of his child, he wanted nothing more to do with her.” Confusion soon joined the sadness that was dwelling in me. Who was she talking about? “They tried to live in secrecy. Hiding away from the world with their baby, but it was useless. She was relentless, that lady. He had Sebastian take Adeline and the child, while he stayed behind to confront her.” Her voice was calm now, a dark quality to it. “He died that night,” she stated, staring at the objects in front of her, “and it’s all your fault.”
The words hung in the air, piercing through me as though she stabbed me with them. My eyes began to prickle again, and I turned to flee the attic. Nothing more could be said. I had nothing I wanted to say to that woman. Right now, I hated her more than anyone else in the world.









Chapter 11
Binary


I jammed my spare clothes into the overnight bag I was preparing. At first, I wanted to do nothing but bury my sadness into my pillow. I kept dwelling on the way my aunt accused me of killing my father. Who the hell does she think she is? My depression soon lit into anger, and I decided not to waste any time in getting out of the house. I was just a baby back then! I tossed the bag over my shoulder and stormed out of the house, making sure to slam the front door as hard as possible on the way out. The windows along the front let out a violent shudder. Although I hated to admit it, if I’d learned anything at all over the past two days, it was that I might need anger management.
I decided to jog to Lesia’s house. The cool breeze washing over my face and extra exertion helped to siphon away some of my frustration. If my life was going to continue on this track, I might need to take up running full time.
Now that my mind was starting to clear, I allowed myself to think back to what my aunt spoke of. From the way she went about storytelling, she might as well have been drunk. If anything, the whole thing just brought up even more questions. I had confirmed that my father was indeed a different sort of . . . being. So much so that my aunt and uncle had done everything to prevent my mother from seeing him. But who was this other woman she kept going on about? My father died protecting Mom and me from some jealous ex-girlfriend? Okay, I’d be the first to say that was a bit anticlimactic for my tastes. Shaking my head, I decided not to dwell on the recount for the rest of the evening. But – “I never understood why father always insisted we learn to fight. I mean, there was no point in it. It had been lost so long ago.” My aunt’s words kept coming back to me. Stubborn as I was, I refused to admit what my aunt had told me had anything to do with Meissa’s senile illusions. Even if they were kind of similar. Only a bit!
I arrived at Lesia’s house and leaned over to catch my breath. I really needed to work out more. The scent of what promised to be a delicious dinner floated to me, and all thoughts of insane women’s tales drifted to the back of my mind. My stomach wouldn’t let anything interfere with this new task.
I didn’t bother knocking and just entered the house. Mrs. Delaney had long since told me I was welcome to come and go as I pleased. Following my nose, I made my way to the kitchen. A woman with short, curly brown hair was peering into the oven, while Lesia sat at the kitchen table reading a book. One of her silly romances probably.
“Hi, Lesia. Mrs. Delaney,” I greeted, setting my bag on the floor and taking a seat next to Lesia. She looked up from her book, smiled at me, and then went straight back to reading.
“How are you today, Ingrid?” Mrs. Delaney asked while coming over to set out plates on the table. Looked like only four tonight.
“I’m doing well. Dinner smells great, as usual. Is Mr. Delaney not here?”
“No, Oliver is out of town on business, and Eden insisted on going with him. It’s just us girls tonight.” She winked. “Oh, and Ty,” she added.
“Nah, he pretty much counts as one of the girls,” I said, prompting a giggle from Lesia. A smirk crept onto my face when a voice rang out from the hallway.
 “Just who is a girl?” Ty entered and took his place at the table. Like me, he had freedom of entrance. I was relieved to see he looked to be in a much better mood than he was this afternoon. A part of me was afraid he would still be trying to avoid us and skip dinner, but another part of me was confident he would show up. Like me, this was the one home-cooked meal he got every week.
“Oh, no one in particular,” I waved off innocently, “or important.” He kicked at me under the table, and I wasted no time in launching my counterattack. Laughing and kicking, we entered into battle.
“Ouch!” Lesia yelped, dropping her book. “Glad to see you two are back to normal,” she said, rubbing her shin.
“Sorry!” Ty and I apologized at the same time before breaking into more laughter. Lesia spent a few futile seconds trying to continue her book before tossing it to the side and shaking her head at us. Ty gave her a sympathetic look and then turned his attention to Mrs. Delaney.
“That smells delicious, Miss Celia. I can’t wait to see what amazing dishes you’ve prepared for us tonight,” he complimented, turning on the charm. I rolled my eyes, and he gave me one last sly jab under the table. I was about to retaliate again when Mrs. Delaney came over with her arms full of serving dishes. After helping her set the load down, we eyed the feast. Roast beef, mashed potatoes, corn, and fresh buttered rolls. Simply marvelous. My mouth began salivating in anticipation, but I willed patience into my body, waiting for my hostess to give the okay.
Taking her seat, Mrs. Delaney smiled at all of us. Her soft brown eyes were the very picture of her daughter’s. Gentle and kind, it was easy to see where Lesia got her traits from. “You know you don’t have to wait for me. Please, help yourselves,” she indicated to the bowls. 
Taking the initiative, I grabbed a spoon and heaved a load of food onto my plate. Ty showed restraint I could only dream of possessing and insisted on waiting until all the women had been served. By the end of the evening, there wasn’t a single scrap left; Ty and I saw to that. We helped Mrs. Delaney clean up, and Ty thanked her for the meal before heading to the door. The Delaneys didn’t have a problem with me spending the night, but since Ty was a boy, it was kind of frowned upon. So, it was customary for him to leave after dinner. At least, that’s what Lesia’s parents thought. He really just left out the front door and snuck around to Lesia’s window. 
“Wait, Ty,” Mrs. Delaney called after him. “Since Eden’s not here, you can use his room if that’s all right with your father.” 
“Don’t worry. He doesn’t care,” Ty said, his voice as dry as a desert. Smiling at Mrs. Delaney, he accepted, “But thank you, Miss Celia. I would love to stay the night.”
“It’s settled then. I’ll put some fresh sheets on the bed,” she said, walking towards to door. “I’ll be in my room if you need anything. Don’t stay up too late.”
“Wow,” Ty commented once Mrs. Delaney was out of earshot. “She actually trusts us enough to leave us unsupervised.”
“No. She knows we aren’t stupid enough to get up to anything while she’s in the house,” Lesia replied with a casual air.
“Or the majority of us anyway,” I said, shooting an accusing look at Ty.
“I know. It’s so hard to keep you under control,” he sighed.
“Oh, that reminds me,” Lesia burst out at the comment. I felt mildly offended that a statement about my lack of control could remind her of something. “Let’s go back to my room.” 
We followed her through the house to her bedroom. Lesia’s room was much nicer than mine. It was cleaner for one thing. All of her things were arranged and put away, while my floor was littered with clothes and my meager belongings. A desk covered in school notebooks stood in the corner. Her big, full-size bed rested against the wall by the window allowing for a great view of the sky. Lesia and I sat on the bed, and Ty pulled up the chair from the desk. We both looked at her expectantly. She didn’t say anything, but instead made a motion towards me. When I just gave her a bewildered stare in return, she opened her mouth.
“You said you’d tell us what happened,” she clarified. 
Realization dawned on me, and I knew there was no way I was going to get out of this. Gathering my thoughts, I spoke, “Yes, I did. But before I start, you have to promise not to overreact.”
My friends looked startled for a few moments before glancing at each other and then nodding. I knew full well there was no way they were going to sit through this and remain calm, but I felt I needed to give them fair warning. I wanted to keep this as quiet as possible.
I told them everything that had happened after I left Clive’s. Sure enough, the bombardment of questions and concerns came. “Are you sure you’re okay?” “Why didn’t you say anything?” “I knew I should have gone with you!” Shushing my friends, I continued on with my visit to Meissa. I recounted the story she told me as best I could remember. Finally, I told them about what my aunt said about my father – the important parts, anyway. After I finished all I could recall, I looked at each of my friends. Both of them were silent, lost in thought. I guess they were trying to piece together the puzzle as well.
“So,” Lesia began, “are you going to go back and see her? The woman at the temple . . .”
“I don’t see what the point would be. She’s obviously off her meds,” I said, stubborn defiance shining through. There was no way I was going back. I couldn’t believe Lesia even suggested that I do.
“Even if she is just a witch on the mountain,” Ty mused, “she may have something useful to say.” Not him, too!
“Get real,” I argued, crossing my arms. “I’m not going!”
“Okay, okay,” he said, raising his hands in defense. “I’m just saying she seemed to know a lot about the, um, Ankida. You’d be surprised at what crazy people can tell you,” he tossed in, trying to lighten the situation. It didn’t work.
“Whatever,” I grumbled. Out of the corner of my eye, I saw him shake his head.
We sat in silence again until Lesia let out a yawn.  “Maybe it would be better if we all slept on this,” she said. “It’s getting late, and this is a lot to think about.” She got up and grabbed her pajamas before heading to the bathroom.
“That’s probably a good idea,” Ty agreed, standing up and walking over to me. “Hey, Ingrid, will you help me walk down the hall? It’s pretty dark.”
I continued glaring at the bed for a few seconds before giving in. “Fine.” I stood up and made my way out of the room. Ty followed and closed the door behind him. I had to admit, it really was pretty dark. With Ty close behind, I made my way to Lesia’s older brother’s room. When Ty opened the door, I turned to leave.
“Wait.” He reached out and grabbed my arm. “I want to talk to you.”
Irritated, I turned back to him. “What?”
“I just wanted to apologize for earlier. At lunch, I mean. I didn’t mean to blow up at you like that. It’s just that,” he started, walking into the room and pulling me with him, “it’s been eight years.” He sat on Eden’s bed, and I joined him, all of my previous anger washing out of me. “She just left us,” he whispered.
I looked deep into his forlorn eyes, and my heart ached for him. I knew exactly what he was talking about. Two years before I moved here, Ty’s mother just up and left one day: no goodbye, no note, nothing. Ty and his father had gone to the park one morning, and when they returned, she was gone. A few of her clothes, some pictures, and an old suitcase were the only things she had taken. She left everything else, including two broken hearts. 
My aunt liked to literally drown her sorrows in alcohol. Ty’s dad, on the other hand, had a different vice: work. Ever since his wife left, he buried himself in his work, escaping home at the crack of dawn and not returning until the moon was high in the sky. It was his way of coping – shutting himself off from the world, including his own son. But I knew he still cared in his own way. He always made sure Ty had some money for the week. And as for Ty – 
“Why are you smiling?” he asked. He sounded so lost.
“I was just thinking about when we were kids. You remember when I first moved here?” The fond memory filled me.
“Yeah, I remember,” he said with a small smile of his own.
“You used to be such a bully. All the other kids were scared of you,” I laughed. “They all warned me to stay away. And then, when we went out for recess, you came right up to me and grabbed my arm. Do you remember what you said?”
“I remember,” he replied, his voice filling with mirth. “I marched you in front of all the other kids and told them that you were mine and that no one else could play with you.”
“That’s right!” I giggled. “And you kept it that way, too. Right until Lesia tapped you on the shoulder one day and said she wanted to play with me. And what did you say?”
“Well, I guess so.” We were rolling on the bed at that point, trying to stifle as much of our laughter as possible. It had been too long since we had goofed around like this. Gasping for air, I sat up and wiped my eyes.
“Must not have been able to resist that pink bow,” I joked, nudging him with my elbow. 
“It was too cute,” he admitted, sitting up beside me. “Thanks, Ingrid. You always know just what I need to feel better.”
“Well, obviously.” I smirked at him. “We’ve been friends for how many years now?”
“A lot,” he replied, smirking back and meeting my eyes. As we gazed at each other, I could feel the atmosphere in the room shift into something completely different – new, but wonderful. The moon shone through the bedroom window, striking his eyes and making the deep cobalt orbs shimmer with a light almost as intense as mine. I was slowly drowning in them, sinking deeper into his very being. Let me be consumed. His breath was warm on my face, and I vaguely wondered if Lesia’s mom was a heavy sleep – Lesia!
I bolted up, offered a hasty “good night,” and made a beeline straight for the door. I didn’t even turn around or wait for a reply. When I opened the door to Lesia’s room, I saw that she was already in bed. As quietly as I could, I retrieved my things and entered the bathroom. Bright red blotted my pale face, and I set about dousing myself with cold water from the sink. Trying to settle myself down, I started brushing my teeth and preparing for bed. Once finished, I crept out of the bathroom and eased into the bed beside Lesia, hoping my heart wasn’t pounding as loudly as I thought it was.
“Good night, Ingrid,” she mumbled in a sleepy voice.
I swallowed a couple of times before finally whispering, “‘Night.” 
“Oh, and Ingrid?”
“Yes?” Shut up, stupid heart!
“You really should go visit that Meissa woman again.”
I glanced at her from the corner of my eye and saw that she was gazing up at the stars. “Okay, I will,” I promised, hoping she would fall asleep. She rolled over and sighed into her pillow. I also turned and tried to will myself to sleep. I lay there listening to Lesia’s soft, even breaths. Eventually, I relaxed and the world began to fade away.









Chapter 12
Retrograde


 The sound of running water filled my ears, and I stirred awake. Blinking a few times, I looked around the unfamiliar room. Memories of last night came back to me, and I sat up, shielding my eyes. Lesia’s room was way too bright during the day. I plopped down on the floor and grabbed my bag and pulled out my clothes for today: a pair of ratty, old jeans and a plain blue T-shirt. Since Lesia was already in the shower, I decided to go ahead and get dressed. I sat back down on the floor when I was clothed and thought back to what my friends had to say about my predicament. I didn’t get to dwell too deep, though. The scent of sausage caught my attention, and I came to the conclusion it would be a crime to think about such serious matters while a plate of perfectly good food went cold.
I made my way to the kitchen and saw Mrs. Delaney fixing three plates. Sitting down at the table, I greeted, “Good morning.”
“Good morning, Ingrid,” she returned with a cheerful smile. “I hope you’re ready for breakfast.”
“I’m always ready for breakfast,” I said, eyeing the plates. 
“That’s what I thought,” she said, setting one down in front of me. The plate barely hit the table when I started digging in. She put one beside me and then sat down with the last. I raised my eyebrow, unable to ask with my mouth full of eggs.
“Ty already left,” she answered my unspoken question. “He was up pretty early this morning. He said he needed to get home and talk to his father.”
Doubt washed over me, and I wondered if that was the real reason. We had just managed to patch things up, and I went and screwed it up. We were laughing and having such a good time and then bam!, out the door I go. But in that one moment, I could almost swear . . . Get real, Ingrid. He was probably just being a good friend. In fact, he probably didn’t even mean for anything weird to happen at all. I longed to be close to him for so long that I just saw what I wanted to see, felt what I wanted to feel. Now he was home wondering what the hell my problem was.
“Oh, I’m sure it was nothing you did,” Mrs. Delaney spoke as though reading my thoughts. At my startled look, she laughed. “The walls are so thin in these old houses, and Eden’s room is so close to mine.”
A furious blush lit across my face, and I sputtered for a few seconds, trying to come up with any sort of excuse. 
“No need to be so embarrassed,” she said, patting my hand. “I’m actually rather relieved. I thought I might have to go in there.”
I didn’t say anything as I focused on devouring my food, hoping the effort would hide my flustered state. I barely managed to avoid choking when I heard the chair beside me scrape across the floor. 
“Slow down, Ingrid. I wouldn’t want to have to rescue you so early in the morning. You need to breathe a little,” Lesia urged, grabbing my shoulder. “Look, your face is all red.”
“Did you girls sleep well?” Mrs. Delaney asked, changing the subject. I was so grateful I almost forgot she was the cause of my discomfort in the first place.
“Yes, I was so tired,” Lesia replied.
“That’s good to hear. Your father called me this morning. He wants us to meet him so we can go out for dinner tonight. We’ll leave after breakfast. Ingrid, I’m sorry to have to leave like this.”
“No, that’s okay,” I said, picking the crumbs off my plate. “I’ll just get my things and head out.”
“Mom, I want to stay with Ingrid,” Lesia announced. I couldn’t help but smile at her fondly. It was nice to have such a good friend. One who thought you were important enough to want to spend time with, even away from family. But family was important, too. It was the foundation of our lives – a source of warmth, stability, and care that people like Ty and me could only dream of. It was something I knew Lesia, unknowingly, took for granted. I didn’t want that for her. I wanted her to go through life without regrets. I wanted her to appreciate all the great memories her home could give.
“No, Lesia, you should spend the weekend with your family,” I said. She looked like she wanted to press the issue, so I continued, “I’ll be fine. I have a knack for finding things to do.”
She still looked concerned but agreed with reluctance. Mrs. Delaney smiled at me, and I stood to take my plate to the sink. After cleaning it up, I turned and said my goodbyes before retrieving my things. I exited the house and started walking aimlessly down the street. Now what? I really had no destination in mind. There was no way I was going home, yet. I was still too hurt to make amends with Auntie. She would have to pick herself off the floor.
I explored the streets for half an hour before deciding to check out the arcade. I didn’t have any change, but since it was Saturday, the place would be packed. I might be able to bum a few coins off some chump or watch a competition. Those could be pretty entertaining. It was amusing to watch the arcade dwellers get into fist fights over who had the best stats. Feeling energized by the prospect of a good time, I made my way to the arcade center.

It had been easier than I originally anticipated to get some spare coins. I’d like to think it was my reputation that helped me out, but I knew deep down that being the only girl in the room was the sole factor. It was a shame, my contributors soon found, that physically being a lady did not warrant lady-like behavior in the field of gaming. As I let out my latest steam of expletives and kicked the machine, I saw my last charitable admirer sprint for the door. 
“No! Damn it!” I cursed, kicking the machine. “I’m so close! I just need one more!” I screamed, watching the countdown to failure start ticking. I scrambled for my bag, starting a desperate dig for anything that resembled a round, shiny object. There had to be at least one lost in here somewhere! My fingers grazed what felt like a slip of paper and I stopped. I barely even registered the “Game Over” as I pulled out the paper, a little pink note that read:

Go to the temple.
Love,
Lesia   

Grumbling, I balled up the little note and chucked it into the nearest trash can. She must have slipped it in there while I was still asleep. Not that it mattered how it got there. Nothing could make me go back to that crazy place. I did feel a little bad about telling my friends I would when I had no intentions of going, but they didn’t understand. No one could truly appreciate the madness that was Meissa without encountering it first-hand. After grabbing my bag, I exited the arcade and found a nearby bench to rest on. 
I couldn’t understand it. It seemed like I was the only one in the whole town that had any idea of what was going on. All I really wanted was to find out more about my father and maybe learn a little something about myself on the way. My mind kept drifting back to the other night. I’d like to think this was just about me, but the more I thought about my attackers, the more I knew there was a bigger picture I was missing. Something big was happening, and my only leads were a drunk and a retirement home escapee. Sighing in frustration, I stood up and started walking again. I let my feet do the guiding, still encapsulated in my thoughts. I had no idea where I was heading, but I knew where I wasn’t.

This was unbelievable. There were only two destinations I was determined not to end up at, yet somehow, I managed to daydream-walk right to one of them. I can’t believe I came back to this stupid temple. I even managed to find the stairs this time, too. As I ascended the last stair, I narrowed my eyes and set my jaw. 
“Well, well,” Meissa’s arrogant voice rang out. “This is a surprise. I thought you could at least make it forty-eight hours.” She leaned the broom she was using to sweep the walkways against a nearby wall and smirked at me.
“What makes you think I’m here to see you?” I argued hotly. “I just went for a walk and ended up here.” At that, her lips stretched even wider.
“Is that so?” she questioned, turning away from me. She started walking down the path towards her home. I glowered at her back, fighting the urge to shout after her. As it turned out, there was no need. “What are you doing still standing there, silly girl? Unlike you, I don’t have all day to piss about.”
I could feel my blood pressure rise, and as I often found with this woman, I was caught between curiosity and murder. Swallowing my pride, I briskly took after her. All I could say was this better be worth it.








Chapter 13
Constellations


I followed Meissa with reluctant obedience. I honestly couldn’t say what brought me here in the first place, but since I made the trip, I figured I might as well see what fantasies the old crow had come up with this time. She entered her house, and I paused in the doorway, my eyes burning with the memory of what happened last time I was in this room.
“Are you going to come in or just stand out with the pigeons? Should I get something shiny?” she mocked. I gritted my teeth and stomped into the little hut.
I took a few steps past the threshold when my foot hit a sudden slope, and I stumbled to catch myself. Looking down in bewilderment, I saw I stepped into a wide hole. The wood flooring was completely shattered around it, and it even extended a few feet into the hard clay of the hill. It was as if a small crater had been created in the floor.
“A memento from the last time you were here,” Meissa said. “I haven’t had the chance to repair it, but since you’re here . . .”
“You mean I did this?” I asked in awe. I must have been more enraged than I thought. 
“No need to be so impressed with yourself.”
“Well, I mean,” I began, looking at the hole again, “it’s enormous.”
“Tell me,” she said, sitting at the table in the center of the room, “did you come to hear what I have to say or to admire your handiwork?” 
After tearing my eyes away from the “Ingrid Crater,” I glared at her before moving to the chair on the opposite side of the table. I plopped down in the seat and gave her the most unpleasant look I could think of. She raised an eyebrow and puffed on her cigarette. She must have retrieved one while I was occupied.
“You’ll never get a boyfriend if you keep making faces like that,” she commented. I bit back the retort that was dancing on my tongue. The more I argued with her, the longer this would take. I wanted to be done with this place as quickly as possible. Seeing I wasn’t going to feed her anymore material, she started, “Now, where did we leave off?”
“You just assaulted me with a strobe-light-rock-thing,” I spat out.
“Oh, yes,” she reflected, amusement glinting in her eyes. “Do you remember what I told you about the five keystones and the warriors?”
“You said each of the warriors was given a statue to guard,” I recalled. “That each one had been passed down in their families.”
“Correct. Perhaps this won’t take as long as I anticipated.”
“Perhaps I’m not as dim as you think I am,” I shot at her.
“On the contrary, Ingrid, I believe you to be quite sharp,” she retorted. “If only with your tongue and nothing else.”
I watched her smoke her cigarette, not quite sure if that was a compliment or some back-handed insult. It was almost weird to think of it as the first. I’d admit, I’d done my share of trash talking while at school, but this woman was something else. She was a fine one to talk about having a sharp mouth.
“That rock I ‘assaulted’ you with wasn’t just some fancy trinket. When Ourania made the keystones, there were some pieces of the meteorite left over. That was one of the scrap pieces,” she explained.
“So, you mean to tell me,” I said, skepticism setting in, “that was some kind of ancient space rock that your family has kept for – ”
“Over twenty-two hundred years,” she finished. “Yes, it has been in our possession for as long as the Orion Stone.”
“But if you had the key, then what was the point in keeping some leftovers?” I asked, wondering where all this was going. It was unreal. When I was away from this place, it was so easy to convince myself that everything this woman said was just a bunch of bulk, but when I was sitting in front of her, I couldn’t help but want to go along with it. I’d spent the last six years learning to accept the harsh reality that was my life, and now that reality was being broken down. No matter how hard I tried to rationalize all that I witnessed, there was a small part of me that refused to cooperate – a part of me that so desperately wanted to believe.
“While the stones are the most important objects passed down, that jagged piece is quite special. You see, each of the keystones has a connection to the individual bloodline that was chosen to protect it, but that piece has none.”
“What does that mean?”
“It means,” she stressed, “that the shard can react to any one of the warriors.”
“So why did it glow when I grabbed it?” I asked, my patience threading.
“Why do you think?” That unbearable smirk was back. 
“‘Cause it thinks I’m one of those Ankida things. It tried to attack me,” I accused, remembering the bright light that shot out and temporarily blinded me.
“An interesting theory,” she responded, “but incorrect. The stones do not lash out and attack anyone, Ankida or otherwise. You’ll have to try harder. I suppose that mouth is the quickest talent you possess,” she teased.
 I pushed down the annoyance that was rising in me and focused on puzzling together my connection with the meteorite. If it wasn’t because of the Ankida, then there was really only one other possibility. The small, fantastical part of me pulsed with excitement.
“You think I’m a descendant of one of those warriors?” 
“I know you are,” she said smugly.
“But there’s just no way – ”
“Did you speak with your aunt?”
“I asked her about my father,” I told her, my mind whirling. “And she said he came looking for something. It was something that had been lost, and they had to learn to fight.”
“The keystone,” Meissa said as if it was the most obvious thing in the world.
“You don’t know that! It could be – ”
 “Impertinent and obstinate,” she cut me off again. “Definitely someone I know. Must be my punishment,” she muttered, taking a deep drag from her cigarette. “Orion, Cygnus, Hydra, Leo, and Therion.”
“Huh?” 
“Those are the five keystones.”
“The five keystones,” I repeated. The names danced through my mind, some having a familiar ring to them. I wracked my brain and had a vague recollection of what Lesia said about Orion being a constellation. I’d heard of some of the names, but one in particular I couldn’t place. The more I dwelled on the name, the more a certain question kept popping up.
“So,” I started slowly, “which one is mine?”
Meissa smiled around the cigarette. “Therion, absolutely.” Her smile grew wider. “The beast.”
I narrowed my eyes at her. Through my teeth, I gritted out, “Never heard of it.” Honestly, even when I bought into this woman’s tales, she still managed to insult me.
“Ah, well, the name has been changed. Now they like to call it Lupus,” she sneered.
“Like a wolf? I like that better,” I said.
“Call it what you will,” she sniffed, flicking her hand at me. “It’s still the same.”
“I’m still not sure I believe any of this,” I said, speaking my mind. “This is just way too incredible.” I looked over to see what her reaction would be. She didn’t say anything for a few seconds, studying me with her intense eyes.
“I’ll tell you what,” she propositioned, “providing you don’t put another hole in my floor, come back tomorrow. I’ll prove you are the Therion warrior’s descendant and,” she paused, “I’ll teach you how to fight.”
“What if I’m not the descendant?” I queried with a smirk of my own. “You’ll be wrong.”
“Trust me, silly girl, I’m never wrong,” she said with complete confidence. “If you’re still stubborn enough to deny what’s in front of you than think of it this way; at least you’ll get some useful self defense tips.”
“All right. I’ll take you up on the offer,” I agreed before standing up and gathering my things.
“Good.”
Avoiding the hole in the floor, I made my way to the door. I just passed through the threshold when Meissa’s voice called out behind me.
“I’m glad you remembered where the stairs are!”
	Rolling my eyes, I continued on. There was so much for me to think about; I didn’t want to waste the effort getting worked up over that hag. I couldn’t deny as I walked home there was something that made my whole body feel lighter. That small part of me that reveled in the impossible radiated with intrigue and grew a little larger.









Chapter 14
Inertia
	

My stomach knotted with anticipation and a hint of nervousness as I ascended the final steps to the summit of the hill that housed the temple. Normally when my friends were busy during the weekend, I spent my days struggling to waste time. Recently, I’d found the task to be even more daunting because I refused to acknowledge Aunt Kaline. It was a nice change to have something to look forward to. I reached the top and found that, unlike last time, Meissa wasn’t anywhere in sight. I decided to wait and see if she would come greet me. I should have known better. It only took a few short minutes and my patience was worn to a thread. A person of action: that was me.
I made my way over to the building that I had come to know as Meissa’s house. I was about to make my presence known by inviting myself in when the sound of a deep voice caught my attention. Managing to creep closer to the closed door, I leaned forwards and began to listen. If you didn’t want people eavesdropping, you shouldn’t speak up so much.
“You are making a mistake, Meissa. That girl is nothing but trouble!”
“That is for me to decide,” replied a voice I immediately recognized as Meissa’s.
“Her very presence is a danger to us all! Didn’t you hear what Ka – ”
“Yes, I heard what she said. My ears haven’t begun to fail me, yet!” Meissa snapped. “She is mistaken. The time is upon us, and in case you haven’t noticed, we don’t have the numbers to pick and choose!” 
“You can’t let regrets from the past cloud your judgment! That girl is different!”
“I assure you, Rigel, my judgment is as clear as ever,” Meissa’s frigid voice informed him. “You would do well not to question it.”
“There must be someone else.”
“There is no one. Now get out. I’ve made my decision. I’m not going to bicker about this any further.”
I had time to just scramble away before the door violently thrust open. A man with the same graying hair as Meissa strode past me. He didn’t even so much as glance at me with his now furious ebony eyes. I watched after him for a few moments as he stormed his way into another of the small buildings.
“Ignore him. He’s been in a pissy mood since the keystone was stolen.” I turned to see Meissa in the doorway. “He’s supposed to be searching for any clues to the locations of the other stones, while I find talented individuals.”
“Sounds to me like he wants to be in charge of human resources, too,” I noted with a hint of bitterness. If the guy had a problem with me, he needed to come tell me to my face.
“Then he should have made a better effort to beat me out of the womb,” Meissa bit out. “Come,” she commanded while stepping down from the porch and following one of the paths.
I caught up to her and asked, “Where are we going?”
“I told you I would prove you are the Therion descendant, didn’t I?”
I followed after her wondering how exactly she was going to do that. Did she have some type of blood test kit stored away somewhere or something? That seemed a little too technological from what I’d seen so far. Maybe she had five objects laying around, and I would have to pick which one belonged to the The – I mean Lupus warrior. That would be kind of cool, but I wasn’t sure it fit with Meissa’s M.O. Knowing her, it was probably another weird-ass stone trick.
Meissa stopped, and I had to balance on my toes to keep from crashing into her. I looked up and noticed we arrived at the large dirt field that was set off to the side of the temple grounds. It was actually much larger than I thought it was from a distance, and standing right in the middle of it – 
“What is she doing here?”
Ignoring Kaira’s not-so-warm welcome, I smiled and waved to my two favorite saviors. The gesture was a wasted effort, however, as Kaira looked totally offended by my presence and Markus just looked confused. I didn’t let it phase me, though, and Meissa and I walked up to the pair.
“She’s here because I asked her to be,” Meissa replied in a tone that left no question as to who was in charge here. “Like I also asked the two of you. I want all three of you to go to the end of the field.”
“Why?” I couldn’t help but ask. Boy, was I off with my predictions.
“Because,” Meissa answered, her eyes glinting, “you are going to race. Once to the end of the field and back.” 
“Wait, what? What the hell is racing going to do?” I asked, flabbergasted. I glanced at Kaira’s long, toned legs and Markus’s fit physique. What was the point of this? There was no way I would even stand a chance against these two. “Why should I do this?”
“Because I told you to,” Meissa hissed back.
“What’s the matter? Don’t think you can keep up?” Kaira sneered. “I have no problem with it. You should just leave if you’re too scared.” She turned and started walking to the edge of the field. Markus didn’t say anything and just shook his head and followed. I growled and was about to yell something nasty her way when Meissa looked at me.
“Just do it, Ingrid, and don’t worry,” she assured me in what had to be the most unassuring way possible. “If you have any trouble, just think of your legs as your mouth and there’s no way you can lose.”
I sent a half-hearted glare her way before walking to the edge of the field. I still felt pretty doubtful about the whole thing. I wondered if this was some effort to embarrass me into never questioning her again. When I made it to the end, Markus and Kaira adopted positions similar to that of a runner on a track team. I had never partaken in such events myself, but I’d seen enough T.V. to get a general idea of how it went. Crouching next to Kaira, I set my legs into position.
“Don’t think because Master Meissa invited you here I’m going to take it easy on you,” Kaira whispered, scorn dripping on every word. “I’ll never lose to someone like you, Ankida.”
I didn’t bother responding and set my jaw. Instead, I concentrated on the field, channeling my anger into determination. I had planned to do my best and hope it was enough, but now that was loser talk. I wasn’t going to be beaten by someone like her. I was going to leave her in the dust! 
Meissa walked over and surveyed us before announcing, “On my mark.” She raised her arm, and I braced my legs. “Go!”
I shot forwards in a flash and out of the corner of my eye saw Kaira and Markus do the same. My feet pounded into the ground, moving with as much speed as I could make them. My competitors started to pull ahead, Kaira in the lead. Their long strides gave them the advantage; my shorter legs required me to take twice as many steps to catch up. I stared after Markus, the impossibility of the situation starting to set in. They had to save me from being attacked, and now they were going to outrun me. You’re no warrior descendant. You’re just a – 
“. . . and it’s all your fault.” 
My aunt’s words rang in my ears. Is that all I was to everyone? Just some mistake that everyone hated and blamed? I glanced at Kaira’s back. No! They were all wrong; I was more than that. I thought about what Principal Ursa said about believing in me and about Lesia. Ty.  My heart pounded as a new surge of resolve lit through me. I was more than this.
My legs doubled their effort, and soon I was equal with Markus. Kaira made it to the end of the field, and in a motion more graceful than anyone should be allowed to possess, turned and started making her way back to the start. She was coming past me. It was only for a fleeting moment, but as her hazel eyes met mine, time stood still. Victory and superiority shone back at me, and it was all the motivation I needed. 
Nearing the end, I surged forwards. My body knew exactly what to do as I threw myself sideways. Using my arm as a support, I whipped my body around and shot off, my feet kicking up a large cloud of dirt. My whole body was in overdrive, and Kaira’s back was getting closer. The finish neared. She was barely in front of me. We were neck and neck. I was crossing the edge of the field. There was a tree right in front of me.
Crying out, I heaved myself to the side, rolling out of the way. I spun around a few times before settling on my back. I lay there, panting and coughing. That was one hell of a wipeout. My legs burned from the intense ordeal I just put them through, and I was content not to move. 
“Well, it appears we have a winner,” I heard Meissa’s voice carry over, peppered with amusement. 
“No,” Kaira panted out. “Impossible . . . she can’t . . .”
“But she is,” Meissa stated. “Markus, Kaira, we’re done for the day. You two can take the afternoon and rest.”
“Yes, Master Meissa.” It was the first time I’d heard Markus speak since arriving. I heard the sound of crunching dirt get quieter until it disappeared. A shadow passed over me, and I opened my eyes, squinting at the figure. 
“Was the physical exertion too much for you? Do I need to call an ambulance?” 
Ignoring the dig at my lack of fitness, I smiled. “I really did it. I won!”
“As if there would be any doubt,” she scoffed. “It is exactly as I predicted.”
“But how did you know I would win? It was pretty close at the end.”
“Didn’t I already tell you, silly girl. I’m never wrong.”
Sitting up, I rolled my eyes. I tried to look exasperated, but not even Meissa’s arrogant sense of self-importance could dampen the feeling of exhilaration that ran through me. I really did it. Against overwhelming odds, I beat two fitness gods in a footrace, but more importantly, I overcame some of the negativity that had been building in me. Maybe I really was worth something after all. The feeling was so intense that even though I knew I probably looked like a huge dumbass, I couldn’t seem to wipe the huge grin off my face.
“So, where to next, Grandma?” I asked, rising to my feet. I looked at Meissa, and taking in the expression on her face, braced myself for a slap. A totally incensed looked marred her features, and against my better judgment, my smile grew even wider. It crossed my mind that I should probably be fearing for my life, but I was still too pleased with myself to care. That was all. It absolutely didn’t have anything at all to do with the small sense of satisfaction at seeing her get ruffled for a change. I tried to tell myself I hadn’t been waiting for this moment since I first met this woman, but who was I kidding? I stayed quiet, waiting in anticipation to see if she would stomp a crater into the hill. Only then would my vision be complete.
“Watch your mouth!” she snapped. “I haven’t taught you to fight yet! Now, come!” she barked, whirling around on her heel. “I have much to show you. And wipe that stupid grin off your face!”
That would take some serious effort at this point. I made sure to stay behind her as she sped her way down the stone paths. My cheeks ached almost as much as my legs, and I had to half-jog after her. We came to our destination, and I forced a serious look on my face when she turned to look at me. I shifted my eyes around and realized we were at the large main building of the campus. I was about to ask why we were here when she turned back and opened the door. Following her inside, I wondered what would await me. 
The first room was huge and very empty. The dark wooden floor had been polished to a beautiful finish, but I could still make out some scuff marks and scrapes here and there. A few work-out mats lay piled up in one of the corners. I looked up, and with some surprise, noted that the room was lit with electric lights. 
“This is our main training room,” Meissa explained, walking along the edge of the room to a door on the side. “It is also where we practice sparring, but you shouldn’t concern yourself with that. It will be some time before you are ready to participate, though I’m sure you will have no shortage of opponents when the time comes.” I didn’t need to see her face to know she was smirking. I’d be sure to put her on the list.
We entered the door and walked down a short hallway. The hall was dim and ended in a small room. There must have been at least a hundred candles in the room. I noticed that unlike the training room, this one had no signs of electric workings at all. In the center of the room, a wooden platform stood. It was about four feet tall, and when I moved closer, I realized it had the same Orion figures carved into it as the table in Meissa’s room. On top of the platform was a round stand covered in a fine green silk cloth. There was nothing on the stand, and I wondered why such an elaborate display would be prepared for nothing. It actually looked quite lonely.
“This is where the Orion Stone was housed,” Meissa said. “Though as you can see, that is no longer the case.”
I raised my eyebrows in surprise and looked at the empty stand again. So this was where the all-important keystone was stored away. And stolen from. Gutsy cat burglar, I thought, glancing around the room. I realized there were no windows to speak of. I looked at the roof and noted it appeared quite solid; the same could be said for the floor. In fact, it looked like the only entrance was from the hall we just passed through.
“Wait a minute. You’re telling me someone just waltzed in here from the door and took the stone.”
Meissa gave me an approving nod. “A good observation,” she said, pleased with my analysis, “and one that is most troubling.”
“And no one noticed?” came the incredulous question. Just what kind of operation was going on here?
“It is not unusual for tourists and visitors to come to the temple during the day,” Meissa explained. “We try to keep an eye on them, but sometimes we become occupied. The buildings are off limits to the public, so we didn’t think there was much to be concerned about.” Yeah, so much for that.
“So, some Ankida in a floral shirt came and took the stone.”
“Don’t be ridiculous,” Meissa scoffed. “Had an Ankida entered the grounds, we would have noticed immediately and dealt with them. In any case, no Ankida would be foolish enough to attack during the day.”
I furrowed my brows in thought, thinking about where all this was heading. I knew what she was implying, but since hearing about the history of the Ankida, I didn’t think it would have been possible.
“It was a human,” I voiced my thoughts, “and they gave it to the Ankida.”
Meissa gave me a grim smile. “That is certainly what appears to have happened.”
 I didn’t respond, staying lost in my thoughts. Why would any human in their right mind give the stone to the Ankida? It was like building a doomsday machine and handing over the keys to your enemy.
“That’s all for today, Ingrid,” Meissa said, breaking me from my musings. “I will come up with a training program based on what I have seen, and we can cover that tomorrow. Don’t make any plans because I have a feeling it will be quite extensive.”
I tossed her a glare and muttered a “goodbye” before seeing myself out. As I walked, I kept thinking about the stolen Orion Keystone. Since I had decided to go along with this whole warrior deal, I figured I would have to battle against the Ankida, but did this mean I would be fighting humans as well? Meissa said that the bloodlines erased any traces of the Ankida from history, so who would have the knowledge of the keystones. Perhaps there were more people involved in this than I originally anticipated. I let out an exasperated sigh. Why was I always the last person to get in on everything?









Chapter 15
Noon
	

“Let me get this straight; my training consists of running laps and lifting weights?”
“Is there a problem with that?”
“Hell, if that’s it, I could have just joined a gym,” I grumbled. At least, then I wouldn’t have to haul ass across town.
“What did you expect?” Meissa shot at me. “Becoming a competent fighter doesn’t happen overnight. You need to start with the basics, and in your case, that involves building up endurance and strength.”
“I beat your competent students in a race yesterday,” I argued, feeling I was being underestimated.
“You also couldn’t climb that hill without wheezing like a strangled duck,” she pointed out. “Perhaps I should add that to the regiment.”
I shot her a stabbing look before asking, “How long do I do this for?”
“You will come to the temple every afternoon after school and also for a couple of hours on the weekends. The more you work, the faster you will get to the combat training.”
I had a feeling that’s what the case was going to be. It was also something I dreaded. It meant that as long as I continued learning from Meissa, the less time I would have with my friends. A sudden longing filled me, but I did my best to push it away. I would miss hanging out with Lesia and Ty, but for the first time, I’d found something I could commit and really belong to. Although I couldn’t explain why, it felt right to be here and learn how to be a warrior; it felt like this was what I was meant to do.
“Of course,” Meissa continued when I didn’t say anything, “you could go to a gym. Though I seriously doubt they would be willing to provide dinner.”
“What was that?” I snapped to attention. “You’re going to feed me?”
Meissa gave me a doubtful look. “I expect the best from all of my apprentices, and I simply refuse to have you interrupting the peace with your stomach groans.”
“Okay, I’ll do it.”
“It seems I should have brought that up first. Now I know how to get you moving,” Meissa teased. “You can start tomorrow afternoon. It’s actually beneficial that you aren’t ready for training yet. It will give me time to contact your partner.”
“My partner?”
“Yes, you can think of it like a personal trainer and mentor. Your partner will help you adapt your regiment to suit your needs, and when the time comes, begin hand-to-hand combat.”
“But I thought that you . . .”
“That I would be training you personally? I hate to disappoint you, but I have other matters to attend to, and I can’t afford to train each student from scratch – as if they could keep up with me to begin with.” I rolled my eyes. “Using more advanced apprentices to train new ones has worked out quite well. It turns green fighters into experienced ones and experienced ones into masters. You’ll have to make do without me.”
“I’m sure I’ll manage to survive,” I said dryly. “But why use someone who’s away. Couldn’t Markus just teach me?” It didn’t make sense to me to call in someone who was away doing . . . something just to start teaching a newbie. Especially when two perfectly good fighters were already available. Well, one in my case. My gut told me Kaira wouldn’t be jumping at the chance to spend more time with me, much less be my mentor.
“I think you’ll find the person I have chosen is a better match,” she replied, a sly glint in her eyes, “and I already have other plans for Markus.”
“Oh, yeah?” I questioned, standing up and eyeing the door. This didn’t take as long as I thought it would. I would have the rest of the day to figure out how I was going to tell my friends I couldn’t hang out with them anymore.
“We’re done,” Meissa said, indicating towards the door. I took the hint and used the opportunity to start leaving. “Ingrid,” I heard behind me, “bring your friends.”
I turned to ask what she was talking about, but all I caught was a glimpse of her back as she walked into the bedroom. Shrugging, I stepped out the door and started down the path. What did she want with Ty and Lesia?
“Hey, Sidewalk!”
I stopped and glanced around, wondering who was being called. It was a strange greeting; that was sure. Upon seeing Markus running up to me, my eye twitched. Sidewalk?
He stopped in front of me and held out his hand. “After getting whooped yesterday, it occurred to me that we haven’t really been introduced. I’m Markus Starke.”
“Ingrid Fairheit,” I replied, taking his hand. His grip was strong, and I did my best not to flinch. It was a good thing we didn’t have an arm wrestling competition. “Beginner’s luck I guess.”
“Trust me, that was pure talent,” he argued. “I’m not just saying that because I got last. Although, Kaira doesn’t seem too convinced.”
“Yeah, I’m pretty sure I won’t be making her buddy list any time soon.”
Markus chuckled and patted me on the back. “I wouldn’t take it too personally. She’s just sore she lost to an . . . well, ah, you,” he finished, giving me an apologetic look.
“Don’t worry about it.” I waved him off. “I kind of figured it out.”
“I’ll work on her,” he promised. “But I’ve got to warn you, Kaira Murua is one of the most stubborn women I’ve ever met.”
“Seems to be quite common around here,” I muttered.
He chuckled and crossed his arms. “Speaking of which, did Master Meissa ask you to help her find the Orion Stone? Will we be seeing more of you?”
I pursed my lips. So Meissa hadn’t told them I would be training here. It wasn’t like she needed permission from her students anyway, but it would have been nice to inform them of the change. She probably didn’t feel like listening to any lip. I guess she figured Rigel’s bitching was enough. And all that meant it was up to me to deliver the good news. Thanks, hag. On the bright side, at least now it could be announced with all the glory and importance it deserved. I straightened my back and lifted my chin.
“Actually, I’ll be learning to fight. I’m the Tiberon warrior or something.” That didn’t come out nearly as cool or impressive as I had planned. My shoulders slumped as I deflated from my moment of pride. I’d have to practice that for next time. Bringing my attention back to my companion, I noticed with interest the way his eyes lit up with surprise before clouding.
“The Therion descendant. Are you serious?”
“That is exactly what I thought,” I pointed out, “but she seems pretty convinced. I guess that race yesterday was my test.”
His eyes lost focus for a moment, no doubt deep in thought. Markus shifted on his feet before forcing a small smile on his face. “I’ll be seeing you.”
“Wait,” I stopped him. “Are you a warrior descendant, too?”
“No, I’m just a Lockman,” he replied, bitterness mixing in his voice.
“A Lockman?” I asked. Meissa hadn’t said anything about those before.
“Yeah, sometimes branches from the main family or from families honored enough to know about the stones offer themselves or their members to help protect the stones and the warrior line,” he ground out. It didn’t seem like it was such an honor to him. “We aren’t the gifted ones, but we do our part.”
“I’m sure the Orion Stone wouldn’t have remained here as long as it did without you,” I said.
“Maybe,” his voice was monotone, hard to read. “I’ll see you around, Sidewalk.”
“Bye,” I called, my eye twitching again. I watched as he stalked off towards the large building at the end of the main walkway. A Lockman, huh?
I headed down the stairs. So, that would explain why Markus and Kaira were here: Lockmen to help protect the Orion Keystone. Markus may not think so, but it sounded like a pretty important job to me. Especially considering the born protector was nearing retirement age. I chuckled at Meissa’s expense while remembering back to what we talked about. What was I supposed to do again?

I waited for my friends to digest what I told them as I glanced forlornly around the lunchroom. Pizza day.
“And you’ll be going every afternoon for some kind of martial arts training?” Ty asked with raised eyebrows. I nodded at him and waited to see if he had anything else to say. I feared everything would be weird between us, but he just showed up this morning at the intersection and acted like nothing had happened at all. I was quite relieved, but at the same time, I couldn’t help but feel a little disappointed. “Because she thinks you’re some kind of great warrior’s long lost grandbaby?”
“More or less.” I shrugged. “I’m still not totally convinced about all that, but I figured it couldn’t hurt to learn some self-defense.”
“You sure she didn’t escape from the retirement home?”
“I think it will be good for you,” Lesia threw in. “I think it’s fascinating. What if she’s telling the truth? It could really help you discover your past.”
“I hadn’t thought of it that way,” I admitted. Trust Lesia to find all the benefits.
“She wants us to go up there?” Ty asked.
“That’s what she said. I’m not sure why. I’ve got to warn you, she’s totally arrogant and lacking in tact.”
Ty smirked at me. “Ah, that’s what it is. They do say likes repel.” He yelped when I punched him in the arm. I let him get away with a lot of things, but saying I was like Meissa – that was taking it too far. I was nothing like the old bag.
“It’s a good thing, too. I would have hated to show up uninvited,” Lesia said. I raised my eyebrow, and she gave me a pointed look. “You didn’t actually think I was going to let you keep going up there without checking it out.” 
“No, now that you mention it, but somehow it still manages to surprise me,” I confessed.
“Honestly, Ingrid, I thought you would have figured it out by now.” She winked. “I’m always looking out for you. Whether you like it or not.”
“And they say I’m the aggressive one,” I joked. 
“You both are, but that’s okay.” Ty let out a sigh. “I’m here. Someone’s got to be the pacifist.” We all laughed at that.
“When do we leave?” Lesia asked.
“This afternoon.”









Chapter 16
Aurora


Summer was nearing. I could tell by the way the trees and plants bloomed brilliantly in the bright sunlight and how the animals frolicked in the yards, but most of all, I could tell by how damn hot it was. I panted and wiped the sweat from my brow. My black blazer had long since been moved to a position around my waist. Lesia had done likewise with her jacket, while Ty slung his over his shoulder in a wrinkled mass. 
“This is one hell of walk, Ingrid. How many times have you done this?” Ty breathed.
“It’s not so bad,” Lesia said. “I am a little surprised Ingrid managed to make it as many times as she did.”
“It was cooler this weekend,” I supplied, the heat making me complacent. Why spend all that energy debating the truth?
“Oh, there’s the top,” Lesia pointed out, her excitement impossible to miss. “I can’t wait to see what you’ve been up to.”
“Be sure to take some notes for me, Lesia. I think I’ll just blackout under a tree,” Ty remarked.
We lumbered to the last step and paused to take a breather. The sound of footsteps across the stone path caught my attention, and I saw Meissa coming towards us. She must have been sweeping again, her broom held by her side.
“You must be Ty and Lesia,” Meissa greeted, moving closer. I blinked a few times, trying to remember when I told her my friends’ names. “I am Meissa, the master of the Orion Temple.”
“It’s an honor to meet you,” Lesia replied politely. 
“Likewise,” came Ty’s much simpler response. 
Meissa surveyed them for a few moments before indicating over towards her house. “Come. We have much to talk about. I’m not sure if Ingrid has told you anything she’s learned.”
“She told us about the Ankida,” Lesia said.
“Really? I’m quite impressed she was paying attention.” Meissa smirked at me. “A complete bastardization of the tale, no doubt, but at least I know she can be taught.”
Ty chuckled at my expense, and I felt the blood rising in my cheeks. I prepared to give her a taste of her own medicine, when she swept around and ushered Ty and Lesia along. I crossed my arms over my chest and stomped after them. I was nearly to the porch when Meissa looked at me.
“What are you doing?”
“Huh?” Sometimes the best answer to a question was another question.
“Your training starts today. Now get to it, or have you already forgotten what you’re supposed to do?”
“But my friends – ”
“You’ve already heard what I have to tell them, so there’s no need to waste time with it. Unless you’d like to explain it again with your expertise. Don’t worry, I’ll be there to correct you,” she sneered.
Despite the fact I wanted to dare her to correct me, I went with my better sense and opted out of the lecture session. Instead, I pointed at my uniform. “I haven’t got any training clothes.”
She gave out an irritated huff and thrust her finger out. “In that building, you’ll find spare clothing. Now shut up and go.”
I glared at the spot where Meissa once stood long after the door slammed shut. I can do this, I thought. I’m going to get changed and start running. I won’t set the temple on fire.
I sulked my way over to the room she had indicated and nearly tore the door off its hinges. Taking in a deep breath, I turned on the lights and looked around. The room was pretty much the same floor plan as Meissa’s house but had none of the decoration. A few benches sat in the middle of the floor, and a large crate rested against the far wall. 
Seeing no other options, I walked up to the crate and opened it. Inside was a pile of clothing similar to what Markus and Kaira wore. Light green pants and white shirts, how exciting. All the pants seemed to be the same general design, so I just grabbed the pair that looked like they would fit me the best. There was some variation in the shirts, but not being in the mood to play dress-up, I snatched up a simple T-shirt and went about changing. My blouse was drenched with sweat, and I wondered if Meissa had any free showers stashed away. After I finished dressing, I stretched my limbs. The new uniform actually felt pretty light, and I could tell that it would allow freedom of movement. Not seeing anywhere for my school clothes, I folded them up and left them on one of the benches. I didn’t have any qualms about leaving them unguarded. The only person who would be interested in wearing the outfit was way too tall and hated me. The other options were way above my creepy factor.
 Dragging my feet, I slowly made it to the dirt field on the edge of the temple grounds. Meissa told me to run at least ten laps around the thing. Like that was going to happen. There was no way I was going to be able to run that long. Figuring I should at least attempt to make it halfway, I started moving. 
I hadn’t even made it around once when it became apparent that without the proper motivation I was a gym class flunkee. I gasped for breath and started slowing down. The slacker part of me wanted to stop right there and just tell Meissa I did what I could. I mean, what could she possibly do with that? She’d only call me pathetic and have ammo to use against me in the future. I could hear it already. “Look! There’s the useless girl that didn’t even make one lap.” The thought of Meissa’s annoying voice filled me with distaste, and I forced my legs to keep moving. I soon settled into a light jog and pushed forwards.
I couldn’t help but peer around the buildings every time I came to the side closest to the temple. I wondered what the witch was doing to them now. Were they still talking about the Ankida and the keystones, or did she have something completely different to discuss? What if she just took them to her place to make me start my routine. She probably kicked them out as soon as I was out of sight.
I craned my neck, trying desperately to spot her building so I could glare at it. I finally caught a glimpse and started cursing the old hag as if she could hear my thoughts now that my sights were on her house. I’m on to you, evil bi – 
You’d think I’d be used to all the surprises that happen around here by now, but nothing could prepare me for this. At that exact moment, Meissa’s house suddenly lit up like a lighthouse. It erupted from the windows and shot across the grounds. In a turn of fate, I didn’t have to bother shielding my eyes. As soon as the light burst forth, shock put my legs in a temporary coma, and I face-planted into the dirt below. Normally I would have considered it an insult to my pride, but as the light crept into the corner of my vision, I silently thanked my dirt bed. When darkness flitted in to consume the light, I pushed myself up and spat out the gritty earth that seeped into my mouth. 
“What in the crazy crow crap was that?” I shouted like someone would appear out of thin air and tell me what was up. I’d never seen such an intense display of illumination before. Granted, I was one to prefer the shadows, but this was something else. It was like a super nova had exploded on the hill. If it was this intense outside, I could only imagine what it was like in Meissa’s living room . . . right where my friends were.
Snapping to attention, I hauled myself up and weaved my way to the building. I didn’t need any voices to motivate me this time. When I came to the main path, I saw a sweaty Markus and Kaira emerge from a nearby room. This might have intrigued me had the potential safety of my friends not been in question. I stopped at the porch and saw that grumpy old man Rigel had beat me here. He ran to the door and slung it open. A few moments passed, and a figure stumbled out.
“That was better than any Christmas show!” Ty exclaimed, rubbing his eyes. 
I didn’t waste a second running to his side to steady him. “What happened in there?” I was frantic now. “Did you cause that light?”
“It was that rock,” he explained. Squinting at me, he added, “But mine wasn’t nearly so bright.”
“That rock? She had that thing out – wait! What do you mean yours?” I was astounded. What did this mean? It couldn’t be possible.
“Are you satisfied, Rigel?” Meissa’s voice sprung forth from the doorway. Now, I had heard this woman enough times to know that smugness was an almost permanent feature of her voice, but this was a new level. Pride decorated every syllable. You’d think she’d just beaten the guy for the position of ruler of the universe. “Not only have I managed to find two Lockkeepers in less than a week, I’ve found what was said to be impossible. Where countless have failed, I have done it,” she bragged, indicating inside the doorway.
I watched with confusion as Lesia stepped into the open. Her eyes were wide and when she looked at me, I could see surprise and fear converging in her eyes. Her arms were bent close to her chest, and I gasped when I saw that in her hands the long shard of meteorite was clutched.
“For the first time in centuries,” Meissa said, “a Locksmith has been found.”









Chapter 17
Forger of Locks


We stared at Meissa’s overly pleased face in shock, awe, and in Ty’s and my case, complete and utter bewilderment. Locksmith? We never discussed anything about that. I looked over at Lesia again and watched as she shifted from foot to foot, uncomfortable from the attention. 
“Are you positive?” Rigel asked, his voice hard. “There can be no mistake.”
“There is none,” Meissa stressed. “She is the one.”
“But how can this be? I thought the Locksmith had to be close to the Gate, and this is so far away,” Kaira said.
I looked at Meissa and was a little surprised when Rigel answered.
 “Not necessarily, Kaira. The Gate has unique properties.” 
 I was so totally lost in the conversation, and I began to feel annoyed. Why did everyone always have to talk like this stuff was common knowledge. I met Lesia’s eyes again and saw her silent plea for help. It occurred to me that she might not have a clue what was going on, either. I was about to demand answers when Ty spoke up from beside me.
“Would anyone care to share what this whole Locksmith business is?” Ty asked in a good-natured voice. I looked at him, and he smiled at me. Trust my friend to know when I was about to get angry and potentially violent.
In a flash of movement, Meissa raised her hand and glanced around the buildings. We stayed silent as she surveyed the area. “Not out here,” she said. “Come, everyone.” 
She pulled Lesia back inside, and we crowded into her living room. Meissa had Lesia take a seat at the table while she sat to her right. Ty and I immediately came to stand behind Lesia. Rigel took the seat opposite Lesia at the far end of the table with Kaira and Markus flanking. I watched them but noticed how they refused to even glance at me. Although this whole thing wasn’t about me, I couldn’t help but feel Rigel took the spot that put the most distance between us. Whatever. Let them shun my awesome presence. They had no idea what they were missing. Focusing on more important people, I gave Lesia’s shoulder a reassuring squeeze, and she looked back to give me a relieved look. 
“Full house,” Meissa muttered while reaching into her pocket for a fresh cigarette. We all watched in anxious suspense as she took her time digging for some matches and set about lighting it.
“As entertaining as your habits are, Sister, we didn’t come here to watch you smoke,” Rigel snapped. “Shall I tell the story since you have more important things to do?”
“That won’t be necessary, but thank you for the offer, Rigel,” Meissa cooly responded. “I want it to be told right.”
Rigel looked for a moment like he was about to give her a piece of his mind, and I couldn’t help but feel a little amused. They acted more like a bickering old couple than siblings. If this was what they were like now, I couldn’t imagine what it was like when they were younger.
“The Locksmith,” Meissa began, blowing smoke in Rigel’s direction, “is a very special person entrusted with the power to locate and open the Gate once all five keystones are united. In a way, you could say they are Ourania’s successors.”
“And you think that’s Lesia?” I asked, trying not to pay any attention to the unfriendly looks I was receiving from the other side of the room.
“I know it is,” Meissa answered, confidence filling the air. “The shard has proved as much. Just like when you held it and it reacted.”
“So Lesia’s like Ourania’s descendant the same way we are related to the ancient warriors?”
Meissa tossed me an amused smirk, and I heard Kaira snort. “Not exactly. Ourania was a priestess and had taken a vow of celibacy. She had no children.”
“So . . .”
“Unlike the warrior abilities that are passed down through a bloodline, the Locksmith powers are born into a different individual. As soon as the current one dies, another is born. The new Locksmith can be from anywhere in the world. As you can imagine, this is what makes them so difficult to locate. Something that hasn’t been accomplished in nearly six hundred years. Up until today, of course.”
I felt Lesia reach up and grab my hand. I gave her shoulder another squeeze as this new information clawed at my heart. It was one thing that I was involved in all this Ankida mess, but now my friends were getting dragged into it as well. There had to be some kind of mistake. 
“But Miss Meissa,” Ty said, and I quirked my eyebrow at him. Miss Meissa? “You told Lesia and me earlier that the warriors had the responsibility of protecting the keystones, but if only the Locksmith has the power to open the Gate then – ”
“Why bother protecting the stones?” Meissa finished. “Aside from people flitting back and forth between the realms, you mean? It is possible to open the Gate without the Locksmith, however, it takes much more time and . . . effort. This is all assuming, of course, that you know the location of the Gate in the first place.”
“Er, shouldn’t it be where it’s always been?” I inquired lamely. Last time I checked, gates didn’t have legs. 
“Wishful thinking from the Ankida?” Kaira taunted me. I glared at her and tried not to eye the pointy meteorite shard on the table.  Perhaps she needed reminding that not too long ago she thought the same thing.
“That would be too convenient,” Meissa said. “As the Locksmith moves, so does the Gate in order to be closer to its creator. The new Gate should be somewhere in this country, but the exact location can only be discovered by one person,” she finished, looking at Lesia.
“How do I find the Gate?” It was the first time during this whole ordeal that Lesia had spoken.  I was amazed at how calm she sounded, though she was the center of this bizarre topic.
“That will take time and practice,” Meissa replied in a voice so gentle I almost thought someone else had spoken. “It won’t be easy.”
Rigel leaned back in his chair and added, “You’ll be in danger. If the Ankida get even the slightest hint that you are the Locksmith, they’ll stop at nothing to capture you and make you tell them where the Gate lies.”
“It’s not too late to turn away if that is your wish,” Meissa offered. “No one outside of this room knows, and I will assure their silence. It’s a decision only you can make, but – ” 
“It would provide us with a great tactical advantage,” Rigel interrupted, “should the enemy acquire all five stones.”
Lesia was silent for a minute, and I dreaded what she would say. I couldn’t stand it. There was no way I was going to let my best friend put herself in danger like this. Not for some stupid Gate or “tactical advantage.”
“I’ll do it,” she declared.
“No!” I shouted. All eyes were on me, but I was only focused on one person. “You can’t! I won’t let you make yourself a target like this!”
Like a bullet, she shot out of her seat and wheeled around to face me. “Isn’t that what you’ve been doing all this time, Ingrid?” she accused. “Putting yourself in harm’s way, while Ty and I worry in the shadows.” 
I opened and closed my mouth in failed attempts to say anything. I looked at Ty for help, yet he just crossed his arms and nodded in Lesia’s direction. This couldn’t be happening. Didn’t they understand? It was different for me. It didn’t matter when I put myself in danger, but if anything ever happened to either of them, I’d never forgive myself.
“You and Ty are always looking out for me, and now I can finally do something for the both of you – even if it puts me in danger. If there’s anything I can do that will help protect you, I will do it,” she proclaimed, determination beaming from her bright eyes.
I still sputtered for some kind of argument, but Ty clapped me on the back. “Give it up, Ingrid. She’s not going to change her mind and neither am I.”
“You too, huh?” I sighed in defeat. “It’s not fair. You both come here for the first time, and now you’re ganging up on me with surprises. Go on. Tell me what big secret you have.”
Ty broke out in a broad smile and gave me another pat. “Well, as it turns out, I’ll still be able to hang out with you Amazons up here every afternoon. I’m a warrior descendant, too. “
“What?” The word echoed all over the room, and it occurred to me that a chorus of voices had joined in on my surprise.
Ty smirked around the room and straightened his back. “Let me introduce myself,” he announced, pride bouncing around the room. “My name is Ty Callahan. I’m the Leo Lockkeeper.”









Chapter 18
The Lion


I closed my eyes and pinched my nose as the telltale signs of one of those breakneck arriving headaches began to pulse in my forehead. My bed felt so comfy and inviting from where I was sitting, and had my friends not been taking up the rest of the space, I would have sprawled out and lost consciousness in its soft embrace.
“This is so amazing,” Lesia giggled. “I’m still trying to convince myself it’s not a dream.”
“I think Ingrid wishes it was a dream.”
“Nope, no dreams. This is a Class A nightmare,” I groaned.
“Oh, come on,” Ty said, throwing me a sympathetic look. “We get to be training buddies.”
“I suppose a tarnished silver lining is better than none.”
“Is this really so bad?” he asked, smile vanishing. “I didn’t know you were trying to escape us.”
“You know I’m not.” I sighed, looking up at the ceiling when a thud descended down. I really think I was still in shock from the whole ordeal. Lesia’s revelation was one thing, but now Ty as well. After his big introduction, all I could do was stand and stare like a mannequin. At least, I can say I wasn’t the only one dumbstruck. Markus gave Ty a nod so stiff it looked like his neck might be made of wood, and Kaira looked him over as if sizing him up. The awkward silence lasted a few minutes before Meissa decided that was enough excitement for one day and kicked us out.
I vaguely remember Lesia leaving to get my uniform before we started heading back towards town. Dying to discuss all that happened, Ty and Lesia debated on whose house to go to. Lesia didn’t want her family trying to nose in on what we were doing, while Ty curtly added he didn’t think his house was suitable. So, that only left one option. When they turned to me, all I could do was let out a dumb nod and go with the flow. It wasn’t like Auntie would be sober enough to care.
“Sounds like some big rats,” Ty commented, following my gaze.
“Just Auntie,” I replied. “She’s recently taken to sitting up there talking to herself.”
“Weird.”
“That’s an understatement.”
“So, does she know?” he asked. At my confused look, he clarified, “About all this warrior stuff, I mean.”
“I’m not sure,” I answered. For the first time, it really dawned on me that Aunt Kaline was related to the Therion warrior like me. “She did say some things about Grandfather making her learn to fight to protect something, but I don’t think she really understood why.”
“Maybe you should ask her. You might be surprised at what she has to say,” Lesia offered.
“You got that right.” I frowned in bitter remembrance. “Last time I asked her about the past it blew up in my face.”
“You could take her to the Orion Temple to talk to Master Meissa,” she suggested.
Despite my mood, amusement filled me at the prospect of Meissa trying to explain anything to my flighty aunt. “Could you even imagine the two of them in the same room?” I chuckled, surprising my friends. “It’d be like trying to explain geometry to Becky. Besides, I’m pretty sure Auntie’s convinced the temple is either a spa or a rehab facility. There’s only a fifty percent chance of success.”
“Huh,” Lesia said as though remembering something. “My dad said the same thing about the temple.”
“Must be their cover story,” Ty pitched in, laughing with me.
“Next thing you know, we’ll be the staff instead of apprentices,” I noted.
“We can beat up your enemies and get you fresh towels,” Ty chimed in.
“Speaking of enemies,” Lesia interrupted, a serious note in her voice. “It was the Ankida who attacked you the other night, wasn’t it?”
The mood in the room once again shifted, the question sobering up any amusement that was left in me. “Yes, that’s what I think. I couldn’t see their faces, but they had glowing eyes like Meissa said.” And like me.
“But, Ingrid, why attack you? Your father was an Ankida, right?” 
I looked at her, the most curious feeling overwhelming me. It was perfectly obvious. One look at my face and there could be no question as to what I was. Yet, with the exception of Kaira’s taunts, this was the first time anyone had ever acknowledged my heritage, much less said it so openly. She’d been so casual about it, too, like we were talking about him being an accountant or something.
“Yeah, he was,” I responded. “But I don’t think they knew that. Not at first, anyway.”
“They just went after some random stranger?” Ty asked, alarmed.
I nodded. “It certainly looks that way.”
We sat in silence. I took the time to organize my thoughts and figure out what I wanted to tell them since this afternoon.
“Look, guys,” I started, “no matter how hard I keep trying to protect you from this, you’re a part of it now. I don’t like it, but you’ve made it clear there’s nothing I can do to change your minds.”
“Finally figured it out?” Ty grinned.
“Against my better judgment. Just promise me that you’ll be careful and won’t do anything too dangerous. Especially you, Lesia. This Locksmith business has me on edge.”
“Only if you promise to do the same,” Lesia replied. “It’s not just Ty and me in danger. You need to watch out as well. But don’t worry,” she smiled at me. “We have the same after school program. We’ll be able to watch each others’ backs.”
I smiled at her assessment. “I guess you’re right.” 

As it turned out, Ty’s great bright-side-of-things idea about being workout buddies was totally off. My plan centered mainly around running laps to build up my speed and endurance,  followed by a few rounds of weight lifting to increase my strength. I figured that since Ty was about as fond of exercising as I was, he would be getting the same deal. Looked like that was not how Meissa operated.
“And what is the point of this again?” I asked while wiping the sweat from my forehead. Shortly after we arrived, Ty and Lesia went to find Meissa, and I decided to go ahead and get my laps out of the way. I just finished the last lap when the old bird came marching into the dirt field with Ty and Markus trailing behind. I watched from the side as she ordered them to start wrestling. Markus wasted no time in getting into position, a murderous look adorning his face, while Ty shrugged and took his time following suit. They had been at it for a few minutes, and though I hated to admit it, Ty was a bit out of his league. Okay. A lot out of his league.
“It’s a test. Much like the one you had against Kaira and Markus,” she replied, puffing on her smoke stick.
“This is nothing like my test,” I pointed out, flinching when Ty was thrown to the ground for the fifth time. 
“A different exercise, but it still serves the same purpose.”
“Ty doesn’t have to run any races, but I do?”
“Of course, silly girl,” she scoffed. “Why give an artist a calculator when the brush is where his true talent lies?”
I quirked my eyebrow. “Um, okay?” What the hell was that supposed to mean? Calculators? Artists? That whole statement was just beyond me, so I decided to move on. “Does that mean we won’t be doing the same training, either?”
“His will be centered more around strength,” Meissa said.
“Are you sure that’s a good idea?” I questioned, wincing again. “I don’t think Ty’s calculator is a barbell.” What she said made me pause for a moment. “You mean you’ve already decided what he’ll be doing?”
“Yes.”
“And what is the point of this again?”
“Silly girl.” Meissa smirked at me. “Haven’t you learned anything by now? This isn’t for me; it’s for him. I already know where his true talent lies, but he needs to see it for himself,” she said, flicking the ash from the end of the cigarette. “But that’s all beside the point. All you need to know is that I’m always right.”
“If you say so, Grandma,” I mumbled. At her sharp look, I made an intelligent decision to change the focus and instead yelled at Ty. “Come on, Ty! You can do this!” I cheered. “Kick his ass!”
Ty smiled over at me, giving Markus the opening to tackle him into the ground. I quickly covered my mouth, wishing I hadn’t said anything.
“That worked out well,” Meissa sneered. “Perhaps next time you could try not distracting your ally. Petty flirtations have no place on the battlefield.”
Despite the blush that was steadily rising to my face, I still managed to snap back, “I was just trying to encourage him! It’s not like distracting him was my goal . . . and it wasn’t flirting,” I added in defense.
Meissa tossed me an unimpressed look before indicating over towards the match. “I wonder what will come out of this.”
I followed her gaze and saw what she was talking about. Markus had Ty in a chokehold and showed no indication of letting up anytime soon. Ty’s face reddened from the strain, but that’s not what had me worried. I watched as his eyes narrowed and his lips pulled back to reveal hard clenched teeth. Looking behind him, I could see Markus’s lips moving. Whatever he was saying, it sure wasn’t a joke that Ty appreciated.
“Ah, the children of Leo,” Meissa mused. “Pussy cats most of the time, right until you ruffle their fur. That’s when the King’s claws come out.”
I watched in amazement as Ty tore out of the hold like a fierce animal and spun around to face Markus. He picked the older boy up as though he weighed nothing and threw him to the side of the field. Markus hit the ground hard and clutched his side. Ty took a few steps forwards, indicating he wasn’t quite finished yet.
“That’s enough,” Meissa called. She watched as Ty stopped and then made her way over to check on Markus. I ran up to Ty and put a hand on his shoulder. He shook his head violently and turned towards me. In his eyes, I could still see the remnants of his earlier rage, but it was remorse that shone the brightest.
“I’m sorry, Ingrid. You didn’t need to see that, but he was saying . . .” He shook his head again and smiled at me. “It doesn’t matter. Is he all right?” Ty asked, looking to where Meissa knelt beside Markus. 
Markus rolled onto his back, and Meissa put a hand to his cheek. In an instant, Markus slapped her hand away and sprang up. My mouth opened in surprise. Ever since I started coming here, the apprentices treated the masters with nothing but respect, but seeing Markus now, well, he’d definitely thrown authority out of the window. Without so much as a second glance, he marched off towards one of the many buildings. A wave of sympathy came over me as I remembered our conversation about Lockmen.
“I think he’ll be fine,” I observed, “but you may want to avoid getting in his way for a while.”
“What are you talking about, Ingrid? Did you have your eyes closed the whole time?”
I rolled my eyes and punched him in the shoulder. “No need to get a big head.”
“Ouch,” he muttered, rubbing his shoulder. “Should have wrestled you.”
I glared at him about to make a comment when Meissa caught my attention. She still knelt on the floor, looking in the direction Markus disappeared. Her face was a mask of indifference, but I could tell something troubled her about the incident. She must not have expected it to go as far as it had, or at least, received that kind of reaction. I certainly didn’t, but then again, I wasn’t the one that was supposed to know everything.









Chapter 19
Sunset


The week passed quickly since Ty’s initiation, but not so smoothly. Meissa proved herself to be quite the sadist and assigned Markus to be Ty’s mentor. Crazy is as crazy does, I suppose. Even after I tried to convince her – with yelling and demanding – to switch him with Kaira, all I got was “he’s the best option.” Perhaps she meant that in the same way one would poke a sleeping bear; Ty would be getting lots of practice releasing his inner cage fighter through anger. The whole situation just didn’t sit right with me.
“And you’re sure it’s okay?” I asked for the millionth time. Lock-whatever training or not, I didn’t want my friends getting into scuffles every day.
“Just like I told you five minutes ago, yes, it’s fine. The guy doesn’t even really hang around much. He just tells me what to do and goes off and does his own thing. Couldn’t be a better arrangement in my opinion,” Ty said, stretching out for his weight routine.
“But he’s your mentor. How’re you supposed to learn and get better if you can’t even carry on a conversation?”
“Does it really matter at this point?” he argued. “Hell, Ingrid, no one’s been watching you for the past week. Look, I know you’re just watching out for me, and I love you for it.” He winked at me. Why was it so hot in here? “But just relax, okay. You’ll see. Everything will turn out fine.”
“If you say so,” I said, reluctantly giving in.
“I absolutely say so. Now hurry on before Miss Meissa thinks you’re slacking again.”
“I appreciate the warning, but Miss Meissa always thinks I’m slacking, even when I’m running a marathon,” I told him and waved a quick goodbye. I exited what I dubbed the “work-out house” and started on the path to my fabulous dirt field.
 As I had discovered shortly after starting here, each of the buildings had a different purpose. Some, like Meissa’s, were reserved for living quarters, while others were made for training or some other purpose. There was a special bath house and even one that had been converted into a full kitchen and dining area. It didn’t see much use now, but at one time, I imagined it was the center of great social gatherings after a long day.
I rounded the corner to see a familiar shaved head and muscular form coming towards me.
“Hi, Markus,” I greeted, trying my best to stay friendly. Last time I had seen him, he was storming back to his room. “How are you doing?”
“Oh, it’s you, Sidewalk,” he returned, stopping in front of me. He was covered in sweat, and I could tell he had been training hard all afternoon. His hands and clothes were smeared with dirt, and his breathing was heavy. “Good. Why wouldn’t I be?”
“Well, um, after last week – ”
“That was nothing,” he cut in. “Don’t worry. I’m used to being the guinea pig for Meissa’s precious Lockkeeper trials.”
“I don’t think you’re just a guinea pig.”
“Well, thank you, Sidewalk. That’s sweet,” he chuckled. I blushed and looked down. For the first time in my life, I was glad I had to look so far up at someone. There was no way he could see my face like this. “But I know what I’m not, and I know what I am. Expendable.”
“No one thinks that,” I hastily countered. “You’re a great fighter. The temple needs you, and I know you and Ty got off to a rough start,” I started and he raised his eyebrows, “but you’re his mentor, and he needs you. Besides, I wouldn’t take anything Meissa says seriously. She’s evil.”
Markus gave another laugh at my assessment and leaned down closer to me. “She’ll be shut up soon,” he whispered. “Can I tell you something, Sidewalk?” he asked, a husky tone entering his voice. A tingle went down my spine, and only one word managed to make the usually unblockable route from my brain to my mouth.
“Sure.”
“I’ve been thinking lately that I need to do something big, you know? Something that will show everyone that I’m more than just some worthless Lockman surrounded by Lockkeepers. So, what do you think?”
“I . . . I think – ”
“What do you think you’re doing?”
The obtrusive voice hit me like a tidal wave, and I sprang back from Markus, putting at least five feet between us. I turned to see an indignant Kaira glaring at me, her hands perched on her hips in the most pointed manner. Her sharp eyes bore into mine while I struggled to come up with some type of explanation. 
“Kaira,” Markus acknowledged and strolled over to her. I could see her expression soften when she turned her attention away from me to him. “I was just asking for some advice. Sidewalk here’s quite the inspirational speaker.”
I didn’t know about all that, but I couldn’t help but feel a rush of appreciation at the compliment. Not even Kaira’s doubtful and disgusted glance could deter my happy high. Markus wasn’t so bad; he just needed someone to recognize how important he really was.
“I think you should do it,” I burst out.
Markus tossed me a smirk, much like the first time we met, and said, “Thanks for the permission.”
“Meissa wants you to go to the forest path after you’re done running laps,” Kaira snarled at me, killing the atmosphere. There was an intensity to her dislike that wasn’t there earlier, and I wondered if she was trying to melt me with bad thoughts. This couldn’t have anything to do with my talking to Markus, could it? Who was I trying to kid? It totally had to do with Markus.
“Thanks for delivering the message,” I said cheerfully. “Where’s the forest path?”
“In the forest,” she snipped before turning on her heel and briskly walking away. 
“That was helpful,” I muttered. I hoped that after my official welcome to the club, Kaira might have been a little less antagonistic towards me, but it was all for naught. Whatever her problem with Ankida was, it ran far deeper than I originally thought.  Maybe it was for the best that the dynamic between us hadn’t changed. I wouldn’t want to upset the thin balance of abhoration and adoration around this place.
“It’s behind the Key Shrine,” I heard Markus shout. I looked around and saw him walking down the main path. He must have noticed my zoning out and taken the initiative to leave. I thought about yelling “thanks” at his back, but decided to just move on with my routine. I finished my short trip to the field and started running.
By “Key Shrine,” he must have meant the big building at the end of the grounds. I didn’t recall any mention of another place to house the Orion Stone, so that was my best option. I wondered if this was another one of Meissa’s weird tricks. It was the first time I had been told to do anything other than my usual workout laps, so did this mean she was bored or that she had come up with something else for me to do? It hadn’t occurred to me that she may be watching my progress, especially since now all of her time was spent with Lesia.
Speaking of Lesia, I didn’t know what she was up to, either. The only thing I managed to pull from her was that it took a lot of concentration and was very difficult. To me, that indicated they could be doing anything from performing a séance to playing poker. According to Lesia, Meissa had specifically instructed her not to tell anyone what they were doing, including me and Ty. I assumed that was to keep knowledge of the Locksmith business to a minimum, but that didn’t make it any less annoying. I growled in irritation. How was I supposed to protect my best friend when she was being shut off from me? 
I finished my laps faster than normal, my anger fueling my energy. Well, time to find out what’s down this damn hiking trail, I thought with a snarl. I stomped around the edge of the hill until I was behind the main building. This was the first time I had come back here, and I noticed that instead of the steep slopes that created the hill on all other sides of the temple, back here a gentle incline descended into the trees. I walked along the tree line, looking anywhere for an opening. After some searching, I came to a clear patch that started a small trail into the woods. 
I hesitated, eyeing the narrow path. I wasn’t one to easily believe in ghost stories or anything like that, but I’d seen enough slasher flicks to know that willingly walking into some dark nature trail was a bad idea. I tried to reassure myself that no decent serial killer would possibly set up camp outside a temple made for teaching people to kick butt. What’s the worst thing that could be in there? A couple of foxes? A wolf? Maybe a bear? Okay, that wasn’t helping. I took a few deep breaths and balled up my fists. Knowing Meissa, and I had convinced myself that in the short time I had known the woman I had her figured out, this was probably some test of courage or something: some kind of psychological thing. All I had to do was walk down it a little and prove I had what it takes to be a Lockkeeper-thing. Before my determination had a chance to shrink, I pushed forwards into the trees. 
Although the afternoon sun was still bright, the thick wall of trees managed to block out a great deal of light from the trail. That wasn’t a problem for me, as everyone should well know by now. It wasn’t the darkness that put me on edge – it was the unknown. My senses heightened and every twig snap and rustle of leaves had my eyes darting around looking for any signs of movement. The further I descended down the trail, the more my fear rose, but I refused to give in. Turning back would mean failure, and the last thing I needed was that woman teasing me about nature walks. I pushed onwards and soon came to a little clearing. The light poured in through the gap of the treetops, and I stood in awkward silence, not knowing what to do next.
“You made it,” a voice I didn’t recognize announced.
My body went rigid as I searched for the source of the voice. I peered into the woods and blinked as two bright sky blue orbs pierced through the thicket. The lights came closer, and I realized there was a body attached to them. Those weren’t some fancy flashlights. They were eyes. I was staring right into Ankida eyes.








Chapter 20
The Hunter


“Whoa!”  I shouted, stumbling backwards away from the glowing eyes. “Don’t come any closer! I may not look like it, but I’m a highly trained warrior. If you don’t leave now, well, I won’t feel guilty about the epic beat-down you’re about to receive.”
I was, quite obviously, bluffing. They didn’t know that – hopefully.  But just in case they did, I made swift note of the exit path. Running away wasn’t something I was proud to consider, but I didn’t exactly have plans for dying, either. At best, I may be able to dodge some attacks until an escape opening became available. I was too far out in the forest for anyone to hear my yelling, so it was up to me to get out of this mess. It’s all you, Ingrid.
“Hey, it’s okay. Calm down,” the Ankida said, stepping out of the brush and into the clearing. Like I was going to fall for that. Though I did have to admit, she wasn’t exactly what I was expecting. After all of Meissa’s tales and being assaulted by large cloaked guys, I convinced myself the Ankida were some kind of freakishly tall humanoid things. This girl wasn’t anything of the sort. She looked a few years older than me and only one inch higher. A long braid of shiny black hair descended down her back, and her coffee-colored skin gleamed in the rays of sunlight. If it wasn’t for those eyes, I’d think she was just another human. 
“You think I’m some kind of idiot? I know what you want, but I’ve got news for you. I don’t have any keystone,” I barked, inching towards the path. So close.
“No, wait! You don’t understand, Ingrid.” Was my name common knowledge? “My grandmother sent for me. I’m here to help you.”
“Nice try,” I accused, “but I don’t know any grandmothers.”
“Not even Meissa?”
That one question was enough to clear the fight-or-flight from my system. Meissa the Grandmother. Meissa. Before I knew it, a loud, mocking laugh erupted from me. 
“I don’t know who you get your information from, but they need to be fired,” I jeered in wild amusement. “That woman is no grandmother.” Teasing aside, I’d never heard such an outrageous statement in my life. If this was the best the Ankida could do, it almost made me feel sorry for them.
“Yes, she is. I’m the heir to the Orion Temple, and Grandmother sent me to help you train,” she replied. The glow of her eyes prevented me from reading them, but her tone and posture indicated she absolutely believed what she was saying.
“You’re serious, aren’t you?” I asked, my amusement crashing down faster than a boulder being thrown out of a window. 
“Excruciatingly.” She smiled at me. “It’s nice to finally meet you. I’m Loxley Robins.”
“An extremely embarrassed Ingrid Fairheit,” I groaned. “I’m going to kill your grandmother.”

“It would have been nice if Meissa had at least given me some type of heads up,” I complained from my position on the clearing floor. “I didn’t even know she had a granddaughter.”
Loxley smiled from across me. “I thought you would have noticed by now that Grandmother has a taste for theatrics.” She picked up one of the arrows laying next to her and studied the tip. “I think she likes getting a reaction out of people, even if she’s not around to see it.”
“It still would have been useful to know I was meeting someone out here. I could have attacked you,” I pointed out, thinking about my earlier threat. I didn’t want to bring it up, but you’d think knowing she was Ankida would be on the need to know list.
“She wasn’t worried about that,” Loxley responded. “Please don’t take this the wrong way, Ingrid, but I would have been able to stop you. And that’s why I’m here,” she quickly added at my indignant look, “to help you learn how to fight.”
“Finally,” I grinned. “Running laps isn’t exactly on the top of my excitement list. So, when do we start? Are you going to teach me some ancient martial arts pressure point techniques or something?”
“I’m afraid not,” Loxley denied, picking up a strip of some type of metallic ribbon. “The purpose of a mentor is not to teach you a fighting style, but to give you the tools and instruction to develop your own.” She wrapped the ribbon around the arrow right behind the head.
“Come again,” I said, raising an eyebrow. Come up with my own fighting style? If I could do that, I wouldn’t be here in the first place.
“You won’t be totally alone on this. After all, that’s why I’m here,” she reassured me. “You will continue to exercise your body, and I will help you get started on the basics of hand-to-hand combat. After that, it will be up to you to develop those skills into a style that suits your talent. I will continue to monitor your progress and help you focus on areas I feel need improvement. This is the best method for Lockkeepers with different talents.”
“If you say so,” I said, feeling apprehensive. I still wasn’t so sure about this whole making my own style deal. “Lockkeeper – I keep hearing that. And what do you mean by talents?”
She wrapped a few more arrows with the metal before answering. “What better to call those who keep the locks to the Gate? During the war with the Ankida, what set the five warriors apart from all of the rest were their unusual talents in certain areas. For the Therion warrior, it was his unmatchable swiftness, and for Leo, it was incredible strength. These talents have been passed down through the generations.”
That actually explained a lot. I thought Meissa’s race challenge was a little random, especially after I won the thing. She never explained why she selected such a challenge, other than it meant I was this Therion descendant. But if speed really was my talent, I guess there was no better test. The same could be said for Ty’s strength in a wrestling match.
“So, what is Orion’s talent?” I couldn’t help but ask. This talk of skills had me intrigued, and I was curious to find out what Meissa’s area of expertise was.
“Tactics,” Loxley replied with a familiar smirk. “We’re excellent strategists. And if I must say, not too bad at hunting and tracking.”
“That’s not fair,” I argued. “That’s more than one talent.”
“Well, it could just be natural skills picked up over time,” Loxley laughed. “Back to the main point, you can imagine how it wouldn’t be a very good idea to try and teach you a style designed for my advantage when speed is your asset.”
“You’ve got a point there,” I conceded. “Let’s get to it.”
“It’s getting pretty late, so I’ll evaluate you tomorrow. We can begin covering the basics after I’ve got a feel for what you already know,” she said, standing up and gathering her arrows. “I’ll walk you back to the temple. I need to head back, too.”
“Thanks,” I said, dusting off my clothes. “Do you always work all the way out in the woods?” I asked, eyeing the increasing darkness of the clearing. I knew the lack of light probably wasn’t an issue for her, but it was pretty isolated. I would have thought she’d stay as close to the temple as possible considering Ankida could be roaming around. Seeing Loxley continue to pile on her load, I offered, “I can help you carry some of those.”
“That would be great,” she replied, handing me a few arrows to carry. “Since I make my own arrows, it’s pretty convenient to have a plentiful supply of wood. At least,” she said, giving a sad smile, “that’s what I like to tell myself. The truth is I tend to make a few people unsettled at the temple.”
“Kaira and Rigel,” I stated. There was no need to say it like a question. Only two people fitting that description came to mind.
“So you’ve noticed. It’s not much of a surprise.” She let out a sigh. “Kaira’s been that way since she came, and Uncle Rigel, well, he’s devoted to tradition.”
“That’s no reason to treat you like some kind of alien invader. You’re the heir to the Orion bloodline. You’re his family!”
“Maybe, but I still have the blood of the enemy in my veins. Don’t worry,” she started when I opened my mouth to argue. “I’m used to it.”
“It’s still wrong,” I muttered, walking down the narrow trail that would take us back to civilization. Or near civilization. Let’s face it, the Orion Temple wasn’t exactly a heavily populated area.
 What Loxley said really bothered me. Was being Ankida really so unforgivable? My family had never treated me like some type of outcast – up until recently, anyway. The afternoon with Aunt Kaline in the attic still left a bad taste in my mouth, and I knew it would be a long time before I could bring myself to forgive her. What was her deal, anyway? Attacking me because she hated my father. I guess that answered my question about being an awful Ankida.
“My dad was an Ankida,” I blurted out, a bizarre need to talk coming over me. “Everyone except my mom hated him. I didn’t really know him, so I can’t say much about it. He died when I was a baby.” I didn’t know why I was telling her all this. Something about finally having a kindred spirit, I suppose. 
“My father was actually half-Ankida like you,” Loxley explained. “He had been traveling around the country when he stumbled upon the temple and fell in love with my mother. Grandmother refused to accept it and tried to chase him off. They married in secret, and as you can imagine, she was furious. My mother tried to keep the peace for a few years before finally deciding to move away with Father. They set off north on foot to find a place to settle, while Grandmother cared for me. There was a terrible blizzard that year. They didn’t make it.”
I stayed silent, not sure of what to say. It seemed I wasn’t the only one born into a world of tragedy. It was enough to give me a sense of connection to my mentor. Meissa was right; we were suited to each other. 
The sounds of grunting pulled me from my thoughts, and I looked at the wall of trees to my side. We were almost to the end of the trail, but this came from inside the woods. I pulled some of the foliage away, and the light of a torch greeted me. I pushed my way beside the torch and was met with a strange sight.
It was Kaira, and she was training. At least, I think it was training, but that’s not what was strange about it. She was perched atop a thin beam of wood suspended between two logs. The set up looked more like a makeshift gymnastics balance beam, but she wasn’t doing any fancy flips. She was practicing kicking and punching the air. Her form barely shifted the plank, performing the movements just as easily as if she’d been on a full concrete floor. 
As usual when I saw the older girl, I was left with mixed feelings of dislike and envy. Normally I tried to ignore her and meet her distaste with amusement, but my recent conversation with Loxley filled me with something dark and vengeful. Who the hell did she think she was? Being so beautiful and graceful on the outside and so hateful on the inside. Thinking about how she hated Loxley and me for who we were fueled me with anger, and I clenched my fists.
“Don’t even think about it,” Loxley murmured from beside me. “You’ll never beat Kaira up there. That’s her domain.”
“Not if I knock it down,” I growled. Let’s see how high and mighty you are when your tower topples.
“Listen, if you really want to prove yourself to Kaira then do it in a sparring match, not out here,” Loxley advised. “Train and become strong. You’ll only lose if you try to brawl now. That’s the way – Oh, watch out!”
I stumbled backwards as Loxley jerked me back to the path. I could only stare at her open mouthed, trying to figure out what just happened.
“Sorry,” she apologized, helping me stand upright. “It’s just that you were getting the arrows a little too close to the flame.”
“What happens if they get too close to a flame?”
Loxley sent me a small smirk. “Let’s just say it’s an unfriendly combination for people like us.”
“Is it some kind of special metal? That’s what you were wrapping around the top?” 
“I figured I’d give it a try and see what happens. Just promise me you’ll close your eyes if you see one of these fly into anything hot.”
“I’ll be sure to remember that,” I told her, shifting the arrows away from my body. Secret metal-lined arrows. What will happen next? Hidden glass daggers?
I followed Loxley as we made our way out of the forest and into the temple grounds. Now that I was out of the tree cover, I could see that it had gotten pretty late while we were chatting in the clearing. The moon rose in the sky and the stars twinkled brilliantly.
“I trust you had much to discuss,” a voice called out. I looked ahead and saw Meissa coming towards us.
“Yes, Grandmother, it was an eventful day,” Loxley replied, smiling at Meissa. “I think we will make a good team.”
“I already knew that,” Meissa commented as if it was the most obvious thing in the world. “I also thought you might be gone for quite some time, so I sent your friends home,” she said, turning her gaze to me. “I hope you’re not afraid of walking in the dark alone.”
“As if,” I countered. If you could call that a counter. I handed Loxley her arrows and waved goodbye. “I’ll see you tomorrow.”
“Bye, Ingrid. Be careful walking home. Do you want me to go with you?”
“No, that’s okay. I’ll be fine,” I called back. I was a little apprehensive about making the journey across town by myself, but what was the worst that could happen? I’d get targeted again, I suppose. But what was that saying? Oh, yeah. Been there, done that.









Chapter 21
Fission


I didn’t even get halfway through my journey home when it occurred to me that some things are easier said than done. It wasn’t difficult to act all big shot confident in the light of the temple, but in the dim, deserted streets, I felt no bigger than a timid mouse. I tried my best to keep a steady, quick pace and not appear like an obvious target. Some might say it was an impossible task – a barely five feet four inches tall high school girl not considered an obvious target – but I thought I pulled it off pretty well. 
I allowed some of the tension to leave my paranoid body as I finally came to the door of my house. Maybe one day when I could kick ass, I’d be able to take a stroll at night without increasing my blood pressure. One can only dream.
“What a day, what a life,” I muttered to myself while coming into the kitchen. “What a whacked-out life.”
“Ugh.”
I stiffened and looked around. “Auntie?”
“Ow, my head.”
A long-haired figure on the floor of the living room caught my attention, and I ran over to help. “Auntie!”
She winced and rubbed the back of her head as I helped her sit up. I scoured the area for any dark stains and sighed in relief when none were to be found. She hadn’t cracked anything open, thankfully. Hospital bills and steam cleaners weren’t exactly in our budget range.
“Aunt Kaline, what happened? Did you drink too much and hit your head on the floor again?”
“Oh, wow, I haven’t had a hangover this bad since . . . last week?” Auntie finished with a thoughtful look.
“Yeah,” I laughed. “Sounds about right.” A nostalgic tingle ran through me, and I grinned like an idiot. My aunt passed out on the floor and me coming to her aid. It was just like it had always been. Nothing changed at all.
“You shouldn’t laugh at your aunt’s distress, Ingrid,” Auntie said with an indignant air. “Who knows? The next time you need help I just might disappear.” She waved her hand at me dramatically.
“I don’t think I’ll land in the kind of trouble where I need your help, Auntie,” I said, truth bearing down more than I intended. “But I’ll keep that in mind.”
She suddenly gripped my arms and looked at me with the most serious look I’d ever seen on her face. “Stay like that, Ingrid,” she demanded.
“Auntie?”
“I’ve been trying so hard, but I’m not strong. I’ve never been,” she confessed with a deep sigh. “Not like Adeline and Sebastian. Not like you, Ingrid. You have great strength.”
“What are you talking about?” I asked. How had we gotten on this topic? I really needed to pay more attention to the way the dialogue moved. I was used to Auntie talking about random crap when she was smashed, but she seemed stone-cold sober.
“It’s quiet,” she whispered, looking up at the ceiling. “I’m going to rest. I’m so tired,” she mumbled, coming to her feet. I watched in stunned fascination as my aunt stumbled out of view down the hallway. That was just . . . I struggled to think of an adequate word to describe it. Weird? Not strong enough. Bizarre? Getting closer. Completely batshit. There it is. Perfect.
I shook my head and walked to my bedroom. These people. They were going to drive me crazy, which might not be such a bad thing. Who wants to be the only sane person on the padded wagon?

This was an unusual feeling. One I was sure I would never get to experience. I let out a hum and leaned against the brick wall behind me. The morning light poured down on me, and I closed my eyes.  So this was what it was like to wait around while your friends ran late. I opened my eyes and looked at my reflection from the windows on the opposite side of the street. How boring.
I kicked my feet with impatience and glanced at my watch. Whatever Ty and Lesia were doing, they needed to hurry up already. First bell would be ringing soon, and I wanted to continue my on-time streak. From what I heard, the betting pool had gotten really competitive, and I wasn’t ready to put everyone out of their misery yet. It was fun watching the defeated faces as I strolled into the gates, and they reached into their pockets for a wad of cash. I’d teach them to bet against me. Maybe I should make an anonymous bid. No more hungry lunchtime for me.
I shook my head and focused on the now. Glancing down the street, I let out a sigh. Come on. Come on. It was almost time. I looked at my watch again and shook my wrist. It seemed to be working right. This wasn’t like them at all. Well, maybe it was like Ty, but definitely not Lesia. In all the years I’d known her, I was confident that she hadn’t run late for school a day in her life. She considered thirty minutes early to be on time. In that case then . . .
I looked towards the school and toyed with the new idea. I suppose they could already be there. That’s actually what they normally did during my two month tardy period. That’s probably what they did. I must have missed them. Even though I was fifteen minutes early. 
Pushing myself off of the wall, I cast one last worried glance down the street. They were waiting for me at the school. I was sure of it.

I passed my hand over the imprint of fingers molded into the wooden table. They hadn’t been waiting for me at school. They hadn’t come to school at all. This was the first time I’d ever been alone at this table. Sure, sick days had come and gone, but two of us had never been off at the same time. Lesia and Ty had been okay just yesterday.
“Why the long face, Fahrenheit? Did your girlfriend and boy-toy run off without you? Can’t say I blame them, but Lesia should have come to me for her needs.”
My nose crinkled, and my teeth began to grind together. “Piss off, Becky. Go back to your pen. I’m sure they have some nice slop waiting for you.”
“What did you say?” A dark shadow descended on me, and I prepared myself to jump out of the chair. There was no way I was going to let Becky get one on me. “You better watch yourself, Fahrenheit. Your boyfriend ain’t here to protect you this time. Or should I say ex-boyfriend since he’s off fu – ”
Something snapped in me then. Rage, certainly, but also a sudden stab of fear. Needless to say, I didn’t care to hear the rest of Becky’s little vulgar statement. I twisted around out of my seat and swung my arm up and around. The side of my fist impacted against something hard, and I did my best not to wince. It was like bitch-slapping a brick wall.
A thud and the sounds of startled voices resounded in the lunchroom. I looked around to see Becky lying face down a few feet away from me. He wasn’t moving, and I honestly didn’t care enough to see if he was breathing. 
“Ingrid Fairheit!” an angry teacher yelled from across the room. “There is no need for such violent behavior! Report to Principal Dipper at once!”
Excellent. I was just thinking about heading there anyway. I snatched my things off the floor and stormed out of the lunchroom, defiantly ignoring all of the stares and whispers that followed. 
The further I traveled down the hallway, the slower I found myself moving. My earlier anger sufficiently boiled away, and I was left with a gnawing feeling of shame. Not because I knocked Becky cold; goodness knows I could do that all day and never feel bad about it. It was because underneath all of my denials, Becky’s taunts stirred something in me. Ty and Lesia were my best friends, and I was sure they had a perfectly logical, decent reason for being off at the same time, but . . . what if? What if there was something more going on? What if they did want to spend the day together? Without me.
A squeaking sound caught my attention, and I looked into annoyed depths.
“Hi, Tania. How are the kids?”
“You’ve been standing outside of the door for over a minute. The principal will see you now.”
“Word travels fast,” I muttered, pushing into the office and waltzing over to Ursa’s door. I didn’t bother knocking and threw the door open. “Where are Ty and Lesia?” I demanded.
It had seemed like a solid plan – blazing in full throttle, not stopping until my demands were met. But when Ursa Dipper set those harsh gray eyes on me, it occurred to me that perhaps subtlety was a much wiser option. She didn’t even need to say a word; I knew the drill. After closing the door behind me, I walked into the room and took a seat opposite of her.
She didn’t say anything for a few moments, choosing instead to force me into submission with her predator-like gaze. 
“Miss Fairheit, I had hoped that the next time you had to come to my office, it would be to congratulate you on being on time for a solid month, but it’s come to my attention that you have, once again, started a fight with Caden Beck.”
“Me? I didn’t start it!” I argued. “I was just minding my own business when he came up and started harassing me. If anyone deserves to be punished, it’s him. I was just defending myself. It’s not my fault he’s all talk and no action.”
“Be that as it may, there was no need to strike him. I’ll still have to give you detention.”
“Okay, whatever. Tell me about Ty and Lesia,” I said, trying to rush her to what I really cared about. “Did their parents call you and tell you they were sick?”
Much to my annoyance, she didn’t answer. Instead, she looked down as though thinking. It wasn’t like her to miss a chance to set those piercing eyes on an unfortunate victim. She reached down and pulled up a cane. Why would she have that hidden under the desk? Was that what she used to beat kids who asked too many questions?
Principal Dipper stood, and using her cane, began to limp. I recalled that I had never seen her move from behind her desk, but seeing her walk now, I guess it was an effort to avoid appearing weak. She hobbled over to where I sat and put her hand on the back of the chair beside me.
“Ty’s father, Mr. Callahan, called me this morning,” she began. “He told me that Ty was in no condition to come to school.”
“What does that mean?” I asked, worry spreading through me. 
“He said that Ty was assaulted when he was walking home last night. He was admitted to the hospital after someone found him unconscious in the street.”
“What?” I screamed and shot up. Ursa urged me to stay calm and sit back down, but I wasn’t listening. After grabbing my things, I raced out of the office and to the main entrance. I didn’t care if I was going to miss the rest of my classes or that I was skipping my newly acquired detention. All that mattered to me was seeing my friend. How could I have not known about this? It didn’t matter now. I’ll be there soon, Ty!









Chapter 22
Sunspot


If hauling ass from the local high school to the hospital had been a timed sport, I would have just established the new world record. And had my mind not been so preoccupied with worry, I might have taken the time to revel in how much I improved in such a short time. Those hillsides better watch out – along with anything else that tried to block my path. Which right now happened to be an obnoxious receptionist.
“I need to see Tybalt Callahan! Now!” The receptionist didn’t even bother glancing at me over her thick-rimmed glasses and continued typing. “Look, I need – ”
“Just a second,” she interrupted, the enthusiasm within her threatening to burst into the room like a thousand happy clowns. Ah, the power of expression. Or was that sarcasm? “How can I help you?”
I rolled my eyes and fought the urge to kick her desk. “I need to see Ty Callahan.”
“What room is he in?” she asked, typing away. 
“What?” I shouted. “If I knew that I wouldn’t be wasting my time with you. What the hell do they pay you for anyway?” I asked in frustration. I didn’t have time for this. Ty needed me now. I glared at her as an indignant looked adorned her face, and I was instantly reminded of Tania. If they were related, boy was she going to get an earful when I got back to school.
“Just a second,” she repeated. I tapped my toes on the floor, my nerves stretching. Jeez, I hope I never have to come here.
“Third floor,” she finally answered, the steady flow of typing never pausing.
“That’s it? After all that, all I get is a floor and no room number?”
“Just a sec – ”
“No!” I interjected, my patience having long reached its short limit. “You know what? I’ll just go and find it myself. It’ll be a lot quicker than dealing with you.” I hastily turned and looked around for the nearest elevator or set of stairs. Spotting my objective, I steamed forwards, defiantly ignoring the dull “Thank you for choosing Dust Veil Medical Center” from behind me. Of all the stupid, useless . . .
I managed to make it up the elevator ride scaring only a few of my unfortunate fellow passengers with my grumbling. I sprang out of the doors as soon as they opened and started prowling up and down the hallway. I peeked in a few rooms, startling confused families. Perhaps finding Ty on my own would be a little more difficult than I first thought. Spotting the nurses’ desk in the waiting area, I debated on whether I should continue bursting in on strangers or break down and try to ask. I tried a few more unsuccessful rooms before finally admitting defeat.
“I’m here to see Ty Callahan,” I ground out in full resentment. 
“Are you a relative?” the lady behind the desk asked, eyeing me. She looked up into my eyes and did a double take. This was just ridiculous. I hated open gapers on my best days, and today was certainly not one of those days.
“No, but I’m his friend. I need to see him. Tell me where he is,” I demanded. 
She tore out of her daze and frowned at me. “Oh, in that case, I’m sorry. Only family is allowed visitation at this time.”
I could feel it coming on strong. The veins in my forehead started to throb, and I slammed my fist onto the desk making the nurse jump. “You’re not listening to me! I’m going to see my friend. You’re going to tell me where he is. I’m not putting up with this bullsh– ”
“It’s fine,” a tired voice said from the side. I paused in my tirade and looked for the source. I found a middle-aged man with messy brown hair and cobalt blue eyes. He sat in one of the waiting chairs, his eyes directed to the opposite wall but his gaze blank.
“Mr. Callahan,” the nurse began, “I’m sorry but – ”
“That girl is more like family to my son than anyone here. Let her in,” he stated in a soft voice. I watched as he leaned forwards and buried his face in his hands. 
“Well, I suppose,” the nurse replied. “Room 381. Just down there,” she said, pointing down the hall closest to Mr. Callahan. I didn’t give her a second glance and made my way to where she indicated.
“Thank you,” I muttered when I passed Mr. Callahan. He made no indication if he had heard me or not, but I didn’t care at this point. Right now, all that mattered was being by Ty’s side, and that’s exactly where I found myself.
I entered the room, struggling to stifle my gasp at his condition. Before, my imagination did a good job of trying to prepare me for what I was about to see, but now that I could see the truth, it was worse than I expected. I looked in agony at his bandaged, sleeping face.  Bruises and scabs decorated his cheeks, and the whole right side of his head was wrapped securely. His left arm lay across his chest in a heavy cast, and what skin I could see that wasn’t marred with cuts and bandages was black and blue.
My eyes started to sting, and I dropped into the chair beside his bed. Who could have done this? A shuffling sound caught my attention, and I watched as Ty stirred awake.
“I’m sorry, Ty,” I apologized, trying to keep my voice steady. “I didn’t mean to wake you.”
“Ingrid?” his voice rasped. “Thank God you’re still here. I thought that . . . I was so worried . . .”
He started to cough, and I leaned over to rub his shoulder. “Hey, calm down. I’m okay. It’s you that everyone’s worried about. What happened last night?”
“I’m so sorry, Ingrid,” Ty groaned out, clenching his eyes shut. “I failed. I couldn’t protect her.”
I felt as if the bottom of my stomach dropped out. Pushing through the uneasy feeling, I had to ask, “Protect her? You mean Lesia?”
“I couldn’t stop them,” he replied in misery. “They took her.”
“Calm down, Ty.” An ironic statement, for the more the conversation progressed, the more anxious I was becoming. “Who took her? Tell me what happened from the beginning.”
“I was taking her home,” he gritted out. “We were almost there when I heard them. It was so dark out. I knew they were there, but I couldn’t see them. All I could make out were the red and green lights.”
“Lights?” What red and green lights? What was he talking about?
“They told me to hand her over. They said some lady needed her, and they would kill me if I didn’t give her to them. I tried to fight but . . .” His voice cracked and he clenched his fists. “It wasn’t enough, Ingrid. I wasn’t strong enough. And now they have Lesia. The Ankida have Lesia.”
My heart pounded and my mind hovered around one thought. Lesia was gone. They took her. The Ankida took Lesia.
“I couldn’t protect her,” Ty repeated, collapsing back onto his bed in exhaustion. “I’m so sorry, Ingrid,” he panted. I stood up, and his hand shot out and grabbed my wrist in a bruising grip. “Please, Ingrid,” he pleaded. “Don’t do anything stupid. This is my fault. I couldn’t bear it if anything happened to you – ”
“It’s okay, Ty,” I soothed him. “I’m going to go see Meissa; that’s all. This isn’t your fault. You were ambushed. You just concentrate on getting better. We’ll get Lesia back,” I promised, determined. “Meissa will know how.”
“Thank you.” He sighed, his eyes closing against his will. “Stay with me.”
His grip on my wrist loosened, and I gently moved his hand to rest on the bed. Stay with you? Always. But I have something I need to do first.
My expression hardened, and I strode out of the hospital, ignoring all those around me. My mind focused solely on my next destination. In hindsight, it was a good thing Ty was too worn out to think straight; otherwise, he would have been all too aware of what I had in mind. He knew me well enough to know that I was absolutely going to do something stupid. I hated lying to my friends.









Chapter 23
Force


Contrary to popular belief, I wasn’t a complete idiot. I knew full well that getting Lesia back wasn’t going to be a walk in the park. Not only had Lesia been snatched away by super freaks, she had been taken to a whole other realm.  A realm I couldn’t get to no matter how much I wanted to. No, this was going to take some serious team effort, and it was at that moment as I barged into Meissa’s home that I put my plan into action.
“Lesia’s been kidnapped by the Ankida!”
Meissa and Rigel looked up from the map that was laid in the center of the wooden table. They appeared to be more annoyed than startled. Rigel shook his head in disgust and returned his attention to the map.
“We are well aware of the situation and have been since this morning,” he sneered. “Fortunately, we have more reliable means of obtaining our information.”
“You already knew, but how?” My best friend gets kidnapped, and I was still the last person to know. This just sucks. Wait. I was getting off track. “Look, it doesn’t matter. We have to go rescue her now! If you guys have known since this morning, you’ve got to have a plan, right?”
“Ursa called us this morning after speaking with her parents,” Meissa explained, answering my first question anyway. “As for rescuing her, it isn’t that simple. Lesia’s been taken to the Ankida World. Until we locate a keystone, we have no method of reaching her.”
I looked at Meissa and Rigel sitting idle at the table, and my already burnt fuse ignited once more. “Then what are you doing sitting around? Let’s go find one!”
“Kaira and Markus have already been deployed to a possible location,” she replied with a sharp cut in her words. Despite her efforts to appear calm, I could tell she was just as on edge as I was and was steadily becoming irritated at my questions. I didn’t care. If it meant getting these people to move their asses and save Lesia, I’d take any verbal abuse Meissa could dish out.
“That’s all you’ve got? One possible location?”
“We might’ve had more had an interrogation not interrupted our progress,” Rigel lashed out at me.
I promptly ignored him and turned back to Meissa. “You must have something else. We have to do something. Send me,” I said, desperation setting in. 
“All we can do is wait and see if they bring back a stone,” Meissa said. “You are too inexperienced to go out on your own, and Rigel and I must look for clues to the other keystones.”
“I can’t wait! They’ve already had her for almost a day!” I argued.  I spat the words out before it really dawned on me what that could mean. Lesia had been in the enemy hands for at least fifteen hours. They could have done something to her. They could still be doing something to her. The air caught in my chest, and I struggled to breathe. Panic began to fill me at the implication of what could be happening to her. She had information they wanted, and she was so, so pretty . . . 
“The Ankida won’t kill her if that’s what you’re worrying about. As the Locksmith, she’s far too valuable – ”
“Kill her? That’s all you’re worried about?” I choked out. “They could be torturing her. They . . . they could be . . . right now . . .” I couldn’t bear to say it out loud. The thought alone was horrible enough. I gasped air in and out to calm myself. In and out.
“Calm down!” Meissa shot at me. “She has yet to find the Gate. The Ankida won’t harm her to the point where she is unable to help them. I imagine they’ll want to keep her as undamaged as possible until she discovers the location.”
Callous though they were, I tried to take some comfort in Meissa’s words. If this was true, Lesia might still be safe – for now. But how long would that last? How long would they wait for her to find the Gate? How long before they tried to force it from her? No, I thought, I won’t let that happen. 
“What do I need to do?” I asked, determination filling my voice. I’m coming, Lesia. Just hold on a little longer.
“Go away,” came a very serious reply. Oh, how witty, Rigel.
“Enough, Rigel,” Meissa stepped in, diffusing the situation. “But in all honesty, we need to concentrate. Stay near the temple and wait for Kaira and Markus. We may need you to leave with them if they return empty-handed.”
“Right,” I answered, turning to leave.
“Try not to get lost, silly girl.”
I didn’t need to see her face to know that stupid smirk was there, and damn it, there was one taking over my mouth as well. We had an understanding. “Right,” I repeated. 

“Ow! Shit! I hate nature!” I shouted into the lush green while nursing my latest scrape from her evil, pointed shrubbery. It was almost enough to make me wish I’d stuck around the temple waiting. Too bad for my legs I had to be a person of action.
It took me all of half a second to decide there was no way I was going to sit around and wait for Markus and Kaira. Lesia needed me now, and I needed a keystone. And seeing that I was the Therion Lockkeeper and all, that meant I had a special connection with the stone. Simple as that. Or it should have been anyway. 
I can be a reasonable person when I want to be, and that being the case, I knew that this might take some effort. It wasn’t like I expected the thing to just jump out of the bushes and yell “here I am” as soon as I entered the woods. My life wasn’t nearly so perfect. But one would think after three hours of trailblazing, I would’ve at least felt, I don’t know, some kind of vibe or something. Yes? Not a chance.
Whose bright idea was this? I pushed through the now dark foliage until finally coming upon a small clearing with a tree stump. After sitting on the stump, I pulled off my shoes and started to rub my throbbing feet. I should have just taken a cab. Or the bus. Or stolen a car. Fatigue caught up to me, and I leaned back against a nearby tree trunk and closed my eyes. I really didn’t want to sleep out here, but I was so tired. I sat with my eyes closed, listening to the chirping of all the nasty creepy crawlies, the wind whirling through the treetops, the heavy rustling beside me . . .
My eyes shot open, and I sprang to my feet, watching as the bushes shook. So this was how it all ended: failed rescue plan, lost in the woods, and eaten by the wildlife. Terrific. Somehow, the intense disappointment of the situation outweighed my fear. Spotting a fallen limb on the ground, I snatched it up and raised it high above my head. This snack wasn’t going down without a fight. 
“I’ve got something to stuff in your face,” I challenged, waiting in anticipation for the animal to emerge.
“Ingrid, is that you?”
Surprised, I nearly dropped the limb behind me. A pair of light blue eyes lit through the darkness.
“Loxley!” A wave of relief washed over me, and the limb slipped out of my grasp and onto the forest floor with a loud thud. A hush swept through the woods, filling me with an awkward sense of embarrassment. “How did you find me?” I asked in a flash, trying to fill in the void.
She smiled at me through the darkness and pointed to the ground. “I’m pretty good at tracking. Grandmother sent me after you. She said having one missing person was enough to deal with.”
“She predicted I would get lost? That’s just great. No faith at all,” I grumbled. “If she knew that, why did she let me go?”
“Grandmother said that there was no stopping you anyway, so why waste the energy?” Loxley answered. “Besides, she knew we would have to send you out eventually. We have a much better chance of finding a keystone with two Lockkeepers searching.”
“Ha, see? That’s exactly what I was thinking. We need to use everyone possible to save Lesia.”
“It certainly seems that way, though I’m afraid I won’t be of much help,” Loxley said, a remorseful look creeping on her face. “As long as the Ankida have the Orion Stone, I won’t be able to sense it.”
“Hey, don’t worry about it,” I reassured her. “There’re still four other keystones out there just waiting to be found. And I wouldn’t be so sure about not being much help. I’m no tracker, and I don’t know about you, but I have no idea where we are.”
Loxley smiled again despite her sullen mood and indicated for me to follow. “Let’s go this way. We shouldn’t be too far from some campgrounds.”
“Wow. Do you really know that or are you just trying to keep me calm?”
“I grew up exploring the forests around here,” she explained. “It used to make Grandmother so furious, the way I would just disappear for hours. I never meant to scare her, but I always felt so comfortable out here. Never once did I worry about getting lost or hurt. It was like I had some kind of connection or something. I don’t really know how to describe it. I know it sounds silly . . .”
“No,” I countered, “I think it’s great. It’s good you have something you feel close to.”
“What about you?” she redirected the question. “You’re close to the Locksmith girl and the Leo Lockkeeper, aren’t you? It’s a shame he was so horribly injured. Having a third Lockkeeper would really benefit us.” 
A strange tingle ran down my spine, and my eyes were drawn to the side. My eyebrows furrowed in confusion. A white flower caught my eye, and I sized it up. Was that what caught my attention? It was pretty, I guess.
“Trust me, he’d be out here if they discharged him,” I finally responded, trying to focus back on the conversation. What was over there? I really wanted to go check it out, but that would lead us off further into the forest. And that would be counterproductive.
“Oh, no, I’m sorry. I didn’t mean for it to come out like that,” Loxley apologized. “I know he’s in no condition to be searching with us. Grandmother said he must have fought hard against the Ankida even though he’s just a beginner. The fact that he survived is an impressive feat.”
“Ty’s strong, all right, and far too stubborn to get killed off like that. He’ll bounce back . . . and . . . back . . .” My eyes darted to the trees when the pulling feeling intensified. It was so strong now; I couldn’t even concentrate long enough to finish a sentence. What was up there? “Do you feel that?” I managed to get out. I’d felt something like this before . . . in the . . . where?
I saw Loxley spin around out of the corner of my vision and follow my line of sight. “What is it? What are you feeling?”
“I don’t know. I can’t . . . go away. . .”
“You can sense it? It’s all the way out here?” Loxley asked, stunned. Whatever it was, at least one of us had an idea of what was going on. 
“It’s close . . . I can’t – ”
“I believe I have something that belongs to you.”
I jumped at the unexpected announcement and glanced at Loxley. I had to blink and take a step back at the sight that greeted me. It seemed that while it took me a whole instant to just be surprised, Loxley could do all that and set her bow. I sure had a long way to go.
“Who’s up there? Show yourself,” Loxley demanded in a harsh tone that reminded me of her grandmother, “or Maid Marion will save you the effort of climbing down.”
Despite the dangerous situation, I couldn’t help but quirk my eyebrow at her. Maid Marion. Seriously?
“And here I was trying to be friendly. Very well.”
The limbs of the tree rustled, and a dark figure shot out into the air. It must have been at least twenty-five feet to the ground, but the intruder descended like it was nothing, coming to a graceful land, knees bending from the impact. The person’s head tilted up, and I squinted when bright pink illuminated the surrounding area. To my side, I heard Loxley’s bow creak as she pulled the arrow back further.
“What do you want, Ankida?” she queried the stranger in a hard voice.
The figure laughed – a strange, feminine, and cheerful sound I didn’t expect to come from such a being. She raised her arms, her hands gripping the sides of her cloak hood. She pushed the material back, revealing a pretty, youthful face and the brightest red hair I had ever seen pulled into an incredibly long, spiky ponytail. 
“Don’t you listen? It must be the human in you,” she sighed. “I have something that belongs to you,” she repeated, looking towards me. The girl reached into her cloak, and out of the corner of my eye, I saw Loxley tense but she didn’t fire. We waited with bated silence as the Ankida searched through the folds of cloth muttering to herself.
“Ah, here it is,” she announced, pleased. From the cloak, her hand emerged holding a dark object. The pulling sensation increased dramatically, and I took a few steps forwards. It was some kind of rock, blackish-gray in color. Purple, blue, and pink light bathed the object, making it glitter as though encrusted with thousands of gemstones. Looking closer, I noticed it was in the shape of some kind of animal: a beast of some sort. It could have been a wolf.
“The Therion Keystone,” I whispered. I don’t know how I knew that; I just did. I looked up at the girl, confused. “But why . . . why are you giving this to me?”
“Because, Ingrid Fairheit,” she began, looking at me through that intense pink, “it’s what your father would have wanted.”














Chapter 24
Solar Flare


“How do you know what my father would have wanted?”
“Because I used to serve him. I was one of his protectors.”
I gave the woman a skeptical look. My father died a little over fifteen years ago. She couldn’t be more than a few years older than me at most. So unless my old man was into using babies as shields, there was no way she could have known him. Then again, what did I know? If nothing else proved consistent in my life, it was that I was constantly in the dark about everything. Far be it for me to call her a liar.
“But why give this to me now?”  I hesitated. “Aren’t you people trying to collect them and destroy the world?”
The girl shifted between her feet for a few moments, a thoughtful look on her face. Her lips moved, though no words loud enough to hear came out. And here I thought I was the only one that talked to myself. After concluding her personal debate, she looked around and waved at Loxley and me. 
“Come with me,” she said.
“Why should we trust you?” Loxley countered, glaring at the stranger. “How do we know this isn’t some kind of – ”
“Ambush?” the girl supplied. “There was ample opportunity for that a few minutes ago. If I didn’t do it then, what makes you think I’m going to do it now?”
Loxley remained quiet, mistrust still evident in her posture. I didn’t really know if this was a trap, but somehow, I didn’t get that impression from this woman. What she said was true; if she’d wanted to jump us with her chain gang, it would have been all too easy.
“Believe it or not, I’m not exactly in the position to come up with such a force,” she continued. “I have a site not far from here I’m using while staying in this world. What I have to tell you is a long story, and I, for one, would like to rest in more comfortable settings while telling it.”
I watched her move through the foliage out of sight. Looking back at Loxley, I saw she still wasn’t convinced of the Ankida’s motives. I glanced around the dark forest. Well, looks like a potential trap beats standing around in the wilderness. Shrugging my shoulders, I glanced back at Loxley before walking after the girl. Sitting down sounded good right about now. The sound of leaves crunching behind me indicated that Loxley might have thought so as well. Or perhaps she was just trying to ensure I didn’t get myself killed. Either way worked for me.
We followed after the redhead for about twenty minutes. I was about to ask her to clarify her definition of “not far” when we reached a small, secluded campsite. I remembered Loxley telling me we were close to some campgrounds. I wondered how this woman had found the site and claimed it for her own – hopefully by nonviolent methods. A few logs and abandoned camping gear lay spread out around a tiny fire pit. It was there I found the most telltale sign of a foreign visitor. Instead of bright orange, the flame was dusky pink, flitting with red tips. The light it gave off was dim and much easier on my eyes than a traditional flame. I eyed the fire warily before taking a seat on one of the logs. Loxley joined me, and the woman sat on one a few feet away, stretching out her legs.
“That’s so much better.”
Ignoring her comment, I couldn’t help but ask, “How did you make the pink fire?”
She didn’t move her head, but her eyes turned towards me, looking at me from the corner of her vision. A mischievous smile lit her features and her cheeks dimpled. “You don’t know much about us, do you?”
“Sorry about that,” I scoffed. “My dad kicked it when I was a baby, and everyone else took a secret oath to never talk about it. It’s amazing I’ve found out as much as I have.”
“That’s not what he would have wanted,” she replied.
“Yeah, well, that’s what happens when you die. You don’t exactly get a say in what happens to the people you abandoned.” Bitterness filled me. Who gave him permission to go off and get himself killed like that, leaving me and Mom to deal with the pain and shame of having a cursed child. If he’d been alive, he could have protected us. He could have protected her.
“My Lugal died to save you and your mother,” she shot at me in anger. “You aren’t doing a good job of showing respect for that.”
“And you didn’t do a good job protecting him, did you?” I fired back. The moment I glared at her, I was instantly filled with regret. Her features twisted in shock and sadness, and she lowered her gaze to the ground.
“I’m aware of that,” she whispered mournfully.
“I’m sorry,” I said, genuinely meaning it this time. “I shouldn’t have said that. I’m sorry, um . . .”
“Emba,” she said, looking up. “My name is Emba.”
“I’m sorry, Emba,” I repeated, getting a feel for the strange new name. “It wasn’t your fault he died. I already know it was mine.”
“No,” she disagreed. “It was hers.”
“Her?”
“A woman of great power and equally great scorn – Lady Aureliel,” Emba growled out the name like it was a nasty curse.
“A Lady?” I heard Loxley mutter to herself. The words stirred something in me, and I couldn’t help but feel this wasn’t the first time I’d heard about this Lady. The unpleasant memories of my attackers flitted to me, and I struggled to recall what they talked about. Didn’t they mention something about some woman? And then, there was also that stuff in the attic. I grimaced at the recollection, but pushed through my aunt’s words. What was it again . . . Father and the Lady?
“She has something to do with my father,” I said out loud. “Like she was angry with him or something.”
“Angry isn’t exactly the word I would have used,” Emba said, “but that is what happened. Now she seeks to obtain all of the keystones and open the Gate to the Human World. She wants to kill the humans and reclaim this land for her own.”
“How many keystones does she have?” Loxley asked, the seriousness of the situation setting in. Loxley may not have been entirely comfortable huddled around a campfire with an Ankida, but this was an opportunity she couldn’t pass up to obtain vital information.
“Two. Or she did have two.” Emba grinned, a mischievous air lighting her expression. “Before I managed to sneak in and steal this one. After having her Anbar use it to retrieve the Orion Keystone, she became careless. She still has the Orion Keystone, and before I left I heard rumors she’s managed to get her hands on – ”
“Lesia,” I interrupted. How could I have gotten so complacent? While we were here telling ghost stories, Lesia was still being held captive by those goons. We were wasting valuable time. Lesia’s time. “Give me the stone,” I commanded. This was an urgent situation, and I didn’t have time for this. “I need to go to the Ankida World and save Lesia.”
Emba looked at me, her face a mask. “No.”
“Wrong answer,” I glowered, shooting to my feet. “You said it was mine. Give it to me.”
“And then what? You burst into Aureliel’s throne room and get taken down by her guards?” Emba tossed at me. “No, you’re far too valuable for me to let you throw your life away.”
I glared at her, looking for any type of weak spot or opening. Nobody was perfectly on guard all the time. There had to be some kind of – oh, who was I kidding? I wouldn’t be able to see an opening if it came up and knocked my teeth out. Why couldn’t Meissa have found me a couple of years ago? 
“Fine,” I ground out. “Then I’ll just go and find another keystone.” I turned and made my way to the edge of the campsite. Back to the darkness and wilderness . . . and bugs.
“It’s pointless,” I heard Emba call from behind me. “You only have a connection to the Therion Stone. Finding the others will be almost impossible. She knows it’s true.” Emba indicated over to Loxley, who could only nod in solemn agreement.
“Well, it’s better than just sitting around here doing nothing!” I argued. “I’m going to rescue Lesia, and I’ll do it with or without your help!”
“I accept.”
“What did you say?” I rounded on her, my anger, like always, slowing down my brain.
“I’ll help you,” she replied. 
“Well . . . well, good,” I stammered, crashing from my roid rage. “Good. Okay then.”
“But not right now.”
“What?”
Emba looked at me with a serious expression. “It’s exactly what Aureliel is expecting. She’ll have her guards on full alert, especially since she knows I’ve taken the Therion Stone. All I’m asking is that we wait a few hours for things to calm down before we make our move.” 
I opened my mouth, but Loxley cut me off. “She’s right,” she agreed, reluctance in her voice. “It will also give us a chance to rest up and regain our energy.”
It was a peculiar thing, having logic thrown at you. I wanted to argue so badly I could feel the words bouncing around my tongue. Unfortunately, it was two against one. Two smart, strategic, veteran fighters against one novice.
“Okay,” I resigned. “We’ll wait a few hours, but only a few. After that, I’m busting heads and taking the keystone.”
“No one could tell him what to do, either,” Emba recollected, a nostalgic look on her face.
“Huh?”
“Oh, nothing.” She smiled at me. “Just reminiscing about the past.”









Chapter 25
Heaven and Earth


If real camping was anywhere as tense as this atmosphere, I never wanted to go. Emba sat in silence, her eyes glued to the strange fire, but her mind lost in a sea of personal revere. Loxley was equally quiet, concentrating on sharpening her arrow tips. She tried to appear relaxed, but I could tell from the stiffness of her movements that being here was making her uneasy. She had been trained to kill Ankida, after all.
Then there was me. It wasn’t like I was acting like this was a vacation or anything, but I was definitely the most unconcerned person in the immediate area – a real twist considering I was the one determined to shortly embark on a suicide mission to save my friend. Perhaps it was my previous detachment to this hidden world that made me so accepting of this bizarre arrangement, or perhaps I was the most blindingly trustful person around. Either way, it provided me with a means to reach Lesia, and that was all that mattered to me right now. My thoughts were cut off when, in a sudden jerk of movement, Loxley stood up and slung her quiver over her shoulder.
“I’m going to patrol the area,” she announced. “I don’t want any more unexpected guests.”
I nodded and watched as she slipped into the brush. Hopefully, securing the perimeter would take some of the edge off. Or something. That’s what I hoped, anyway. I had no clue what fighters do to calm their nerves.
“How surprising,” I heard Emba comment.
I turned my head and raised my eyebrow. “What are you talking about?”
“When I came to this world, I already knew about you. To find another part Ki child was unexpected,” Emba replied, glancing at where Loxley had disappeared. “Maybe our great ancestors’ will lives even now.”
With a curious stare, I observed her. Our great ancestors, huh? Not according to what I knew.
“Meissa told me,” I started, “that nobody knows where the Ankida came from. She said they just showed up a couple of thousand years ago and started attacking humans for a city.”
“Is that so? Well, it doesn’t surprise me that their kind only knows half of the story,” she snorted in distain. “Our great ancestors came to this Earth much longer ago than that.”
“Wait,” I stopped her. “They came?”
“Yes. Our great ancestors, the great Anunnaki, came to this Earth,” she explained, looking up at the night sky, “from the stars.”
“You’re shitting me.” The look Emba gave me indicated that particular phrase didn’t exist in her peculiar accented vocabulary. “There’s no way. Aliens? I mean, I was totally expecting some kind of mutation or evolution, or hell, maybe, and this is a strong maybe, some kind of magic thing. But come on! Extraterrestrials?”
“Extrarelials?”
“Extraterrestrials! People from space! You’re telling me we come from space!” Was I really the only one that saw something wrong with this picture? Did these Ankida people really think their ancestors were aliens?
“Is that really so hard to believe?” Emba asked in a tone that made me pause. Why did I get the feeling I had been through this before? Someone telling me something so absurd it was too wonderful for me to believe. “Your eyes pierce through the dark, Ingrid.”
“What is that supposed to mean?” I asked, becoming exhausted of this game. Didn’t anyone realize it was kinder to leave me in reality – where there was no room for silly hopes, and dreams are always dashed. “What does seeing in the dark have to do with anything?”
“Tell me, Ingrid, what could be darker than the outer sky?” I stared at her, stunned for a moment. “Your eyes are the stars that light up the spaces the sun cannot reach.”
It didn’t make sense. Well, it kind of made sense, but just a little. About as much as a tale of warriors connected to a meteorite, I suppose. A smile crept onto my lips, and I sighed dramatically. “Between Meissa’s cosmic warriors and your stellar granddaddies, I may start going to sci-fi conventions.”
Emba frowned at me. “What does this sci-fi mean?”
“It means that everything revolves around the stars,” I grinned. “Everything in my world.”
“That is the Ankida way. You seem to have come to some sort of revelation.”
“More like resignation, but it’s fine for now. I’ve found it’s pointless to argue with you believers. Anyway, what happened next?” I asked, thinking back to the previous topic. I was surprised to find myself really interested in the Anunnaki. “The Anunnaki came to Earth.”
Emba shifted into a more comfortable position and returned to her story. “Our great ancestors soon discovered they could no longer return to the stars, so they searched for life and discovered a human civilization. The humans were in awe. Never before had they seen such magnificent beings. For many years, the Anunnaki and humans lived harmoniously, sharing knowledge and even producing offspring – a union of sky and earth they called Ankida.”
“But that means,” I jumped in, this new information sinking in, “that the Ankida are descended from humans as well.”
“It is ironic,” Emba replied, “but true. We are the children of two worlds. Eventually, the land where our ancestors lived was invaded by another tribe of humans. Life on Earth had made the Anunnaki weaken considerably, and their brittle bodies could not withstand the attack. They tried to beg the invaders to spare their children, but it was in vain. While the Ankida had eyes and forms more human-like than their parents, the foreigners still considered them demons cursing the land. The children fled and searched desperately for a new home. Cast out from place to place, they eventually became nomads, wandering in the Earth’s shadows for thousands and thousands of years. With time, they came to resent humans and the societies they build – something they could only yearn for.”
I gazed at the dirt below me, shadows flicking upon it in the pink light. I didn’t say anything. After all, what was there to say? Among the things I expected to feel for the Ankida, sympathy wasn’t one of them. Was this really the way this whole war had started in the first place? Fear, rejection, resentment, and jealousy: was that really what people were made of? It had nearly torn the world apart once, and now it was threatening to happen once more. Starting with us. With Lesia.
Snap! I whipped my head to the side, startled by the sudden noise. When Loxley emerged from the tree line, I very nearly went over and hugged her, glad to see she had made it back safe, and secretly, glad for the distraction from my thoughts. 
“You picked a pretty good spot. This site is a fair distance away from the rest,” Loxley said, looking at Emba with intense focus.
“Yes, I thought it would be best to keep as far away from humans as possible,” Emba said, her face innocent but her voice tinged with mirth.
“It’s definitely far enough to avoid detection,” Loxley replied, “and to keep others isolated from help.” 
“I never thought of it that way,” Emba responded, laughing.
“And that’s how you should keep it,” I jumped in, taking advantage of the situation to change gears. “Loxley, we’re E.T.’s, but that’s not important right now,” I swiftly added at her stare. “We’ve sat here long enough. I’m ready to go get Lesia.”
Emba shook her head. “I don’t think that’s – ”
“I agree,” Loxley backed me up, shaking off my previous comment and getting to business. “We need to go before they’ve had time to organize a plan and get the location of the Gate. I’ll take the keystone by force if I have to.” I nodded in agreement.
Emba glanced between the two of us. I watched her lips twitch as though she was muttering to herself again. After a few moments, she threw her arms up in defeat. 
“It seems I don’t have much of a choice.” She smiled wistfully. She brought her hand to the front of her cloak, and with a sharp fling of her arm, tore the material right off. I gawked like a seagull at the sight that greeted me. A dazzling display of black and red armor shone back at me. Red metal forged in the shape of flames created a breast plate, shoulder pads, and tasset. Underneath the metal, Emba wore some type of shiny black material that created a sort of body suit that ended in a short skirt. On her arms, she sported armlets of the same flame-shaped metal that extended from her wrists to her elbows. Completing the outfit were her matching leg guards and boots that spanned the distance from her feet to the edge of the skirt. The light from the nearby fire danced across the dark metal, breathing life into the solid flames and making them burn. 
“Woah.” 
“Are you ready to go?” Emba asked, bringing the Therion Stone over to where Loxley and I stood. “This isn’t going to be some easy retrieval. You may have to fight for your lives.”
I looked at Loxley, and she gave me a firm nod. “There’s no way I’m backing down now. Lesia needs me.”
“I knew you wouldn’t scare easily,” Emba said. “Grab onto my arms tightly.” Loxley and I moved forwards, each grabbing one of Emba’s arms as she clutched the stone. “Whatever happens don’t let go, or you might get thrown off somewhere.”
“Thrown off?” I whispered to myself.
“To Kigal!” Emba yelled out. 
Never in my life had I thought I would get to experience what it’s like inside a vacuum cleaner bag. A swirl of dust hit me in the face, and it was all I could do to keep my hands glued to Emba’s arm. By the time I tried to hold my breath in a futile effort to protect my lungs from clogging, my feet hit something hard and I crashed to the floor. I let out a hacking cough, waving my arms to clear the dust cloud. The sound of someone else struggling to breathe caught my ears. I guess that means I didn’t get thrown off. Once some of the material settled, I looked down and discovered I was no longer on the now familiar dirt of the forest. Below me lay a smooth, stone walkway illuminated by a distant light.
“Where are we Emba?” I managed to croak out around my coughing.
“We’ve made it to Kigal,” she replied smugly. “Right in her tower.”













Chapter 26
Ziggurat


“Are you sure we didn’t end up in the dungeon?” I couldn’t help but ask, inspecting the now dust-covered stone hall. There were no windows to be seen, and the only source of light crept in from a nearby doorway. I didn’t realize this Ariel woman lived in the Wicked Witch’s old tower. I would have brought a bottle of water to celebrate. I stood up, futilely waving at the remaining dust cloud in the air.
“Damn, I hate this stuff. This is the second time it’s tried to smother me.”
“Here that would be considered quite fortunate,” Emba mused, strapping the Therion Keystone to her belt. I glared at her, wondering if Loxley may have been right about her intentions after all. Emba looked up at my thoroughly unamused expression and smiled at me. “The stardust is very rare,” she clarified, “and considered extremely valuable.”
“Stardust,” I muttered, staring down unimpressed at the pile of sandy gray-black debris I was standing on. This crap was actually worth something? Didn’t I throw a bunch out of my window?
“That’s enough talk,” Loxley commanded, making me jump. Her voice hitched noticeably when she spoke. “If we truly are in the enemy’s tower, someone might hear us and – ”
“That’s not a problem,” Emba interrupted. “This is one of the old underground hallways in the base of the tower. Hardly anyone ever comes down here. Being surrounded by earth is sometimes . . . suffocating.”
I glanced up and down the hall and shrugged. Didn’t bother me. Not that there was much to be bothered by. I was much more likely to die from slipping into a coma at the shear boringness of this bland hall. 
“You seem to know a lot about this place,” Loxley bit out, the accusation in her tone obvious.
Emba turned to look back at Loxley, the smile on her face a mere ghost of its former glory. “I’m going on ahead to scout the area. Stay here.” She spun around and strode down the hallway.
“Hey, wait!” Loxley called after her but to no avail. In little more than a few seconds, Emba effectively disappeared out of view.
“I didn’t see that one coming,” I said, moving over to lean against the wall. After looking around the grand basement hall, I sighed and closed my eyes. Break into Ankida World. Check. Find out where the hell to go next. Not quite a check. The sound of footsteps crunching against the stardust echoed in the passage, and I opened my eyes to see Loxley furiously pacing back and forth. 
“This is just great. Just great,” she rambled to herself. “Trapped in the Ankida World. Abandoned by the only person who knows where to go. She even has the keystone.”
“I don’t think Emba’s abandoned us,” I offered, trying to ease Loxley’s tension.
“How can you be so sure?” she snapped. “Something’s not right. She hasn’t been completely honest with us from the start. I just know it! There’s something she’s hiding from us.”
“Even so, what would be the point of taking us down here?” I reasoned. “Why hide us away? If she wanted, she could have just zapped us to that Ariel. And besides, it’s not like we have anything valuable. She’s already got the stone.” So this was what it was like to be the logical one. Interesting.
“I . . . I suppose you’re right,” Loxley acquiesced, hopefully finding sense in my words.
“Yeah, see, so just calm down,” I eased, waiting patiently for my friend to cease her nervous pacing. Any time now. Maybe now. Now. No? I watched as she continued to move up and down the narrow passage, every now and then glancing at the walls. “Are you okay, Loxley?” She looked so lost and panicked, almost like she was trapped . . . or suffocating. “Does being down here bother you?”
“No, don’t be ridiculous,” she replied a little too quick for my tastes, almost as if she had been waiting for my question. “I’m perfectly fine in this little buried hall. Look, Ingrid,” she darted in front of me, grabbing my shoulders, “I’m going to go after Emba, and I want you to stay here.” Like hell! I opened my mouth to protest, but she cut me off. “I’ll be back shortly, but I need you to stay safe down here. It wouldn’t look good for my first apprentice to get killed just over a day into training,” she tried to joke. “I need to find out what’s happening for both of our sakes. So please, just stay here.”
I watched as she gathered herself and started in the direction Emba took. A strange feeling overtook me as I stared after her. She was putting herself into danger, and it was all my fault. When I ran off into the woods to find a way to Lesia, I knew on some level that I would most likely be risking my life. That was fine by me, if that’s what it took; my life wasn’t worth much to begin with. I hadn’t planned on dragging anyone else into the demon’s lair with me. But now, Loxley and Emba . . . they got pulled in with me.
“I’m sorry!” I cried after Loxley, watching as she jerked to a stop and looked back at me. “I didn’t mean to get you involved in all of this! You don’t have to risk your life for me!”
I blinked in surprise when from across the room, she grinned widely at me. “Don’t be absurd!” she called back. “This isn’t just about you. This is about all of us! We’ve been trained to defend our world against the Ankida, and that’s what we’re going to do. But if you’re really sorry, then do me a favor.”  I waited for what she had to say. It didn’t matter what it was; I would do it. “Don’t do anything stupid!” Except for that.

“You’d think these people don’t know me at all.”
To be fair, Loxley had only known me for a day and a half, but still, my totally unprepared venture into the forest should have tipped her off. In which case, I couldn’t be held responsible for my next actions. I mean, come on, the warning signs were there.
Leaving my spot against the wall, I chose, perhaps in the most unwise of ways, to go in the opposite direction Emba and Loxley had disappeared to. I didn’t want to get in their way, and this way we would be able to cover more ground. Who knows? Lesia could be locked in a cell down here just at the end of the corridor. I didn’t believe that, but it was a nice thought.
I ventured onwards, deciding my best option would be to at least find the source of light. Looking down the hall as far as I could, that didn’t seem to be anytime soon. I suppose when the population can see in the dark, there wasn’t a great need for nightlights. After several hundred feet, I finally came to a small lamp hanging on the wall at the foot of a staircase. This could be useful, I thought, eyeing the little light. I reached out and grabbed the frame with the intent of pulling it off the wall. It didn’t budge. Well, you know what they say: when intent fails, force works just as well. I gave the light a few sharp tugs. Nothing. 
“What the hell is this?” I asked, taking a closer look. “Well, I’ll be.” I had noticed the lack of flicking light, but somehow, I didn’t quite expect this. I mean, every fiction or fantasy novel about other realms was always the same. Medieval magic and fire. This was impressive. “Electric lights,” I murmured, looking at the frame running into the stone wall. “Guess I won’t be taking this.”
I shrugged and looked up at the staircase. The choice was easy. My only other option was to go back, and I already knew Lesia wasn’t there. Here goes nothing.

I did try at first: darting in and out of the shadows, creeping around silently like a crazy stalker, and checking around corners for any monster snakes or some crap. All discrete and shit. But after several hallways of nothing but my own company, I just gave up and starting wandering around casually. Emba really wasn’t kidding when she said their guard would drop after a few hours. I just wished they had dropped a map on their way out. Or at least had the courtesy to put up one of those “you are here” boards.
I growled in frustration and rounded a corner to come upon . . . another staircase. What a surprise. That’s all this place was: dark, narrow halls and stairs. That’s generally what towers are, I could hear Ty’s voice ring in my head. “Shut up.” I smiled, not caring that I was talking to myself. That’s what this place was doing to me, driving me bonkers. Thankfully, it was Ty’s voice in my head and not some stranger’s. I could live with that kind of crazy. 
Already knowing what to do next, I ascended the steps and nearly had a stroke when I reached the top. This room was different! It was an actual room! There was even a fine purple rug on the floor, and could it be? I looked around the walls and saw a large hole cut into one. A window? I ran over to the hole. I doubted it would offer any kind of route, but perhaps it could help me see where I was in this tower. 
I looked out into the darkness and let out a loud gasp. This was definitely a tower all right, and I couldn’t just tell that from looking at the building I was in; it was the view. I could see it all. Far below and extending out into the distance was a city. It wasn’t like a human city with neon signs, bright lights, huge skyscrapers, and intense traffic. No, this was much more . . . subtle. But that’s not to say there was nothing going on. Stone buildings littered the ground as far as I could see. Some were small like little houses and others enormous and covered in pillars and stacks with steam billowing up into the pitch black sky. It was so dark. Not a star in sight. Not even the moon.
“What the hell is this?”
I didn’t even have time to react before a huge, crushing force pinned my arms to my side and pulled me against what felt like a boulder. 
“Doing a little sightseeing?” a voice I almost recognized in the vague reaches of my mind rumbled behind me. “The Lady’s been waiting for you, little girl.”









Chapter 27
Precious Metals


It was all so familiar: the crushing force against my back, the big stupid-sounding voice. I knew who this was.
“Sorry, Hoss, I think all the toilets on this floor are working fine.”
“Toilets? The hell’re you talking about? I guess living with the humans turned you into a real dumbass, huh, dumbass?” My back began to vibrate violently as the big oaf behind me started to . . . what’s the word I was looking for? The one that means loud, idiotic laughing. Gawffa? Guffaw! That’s it! He started to guffaw.
“Yeah, stupid me, ha ha!” I yelled over the noise. “You said the Lady wanted to see me, right? I wouldn’t want to keep her waiting. So, if you could just put me down, I’ll be on my way . . .”
“Not a chance.” Damn. Why couldn’t this buffoon stick to his stereotype? The brute’s not supposed to be intelligent. “Your dumb ass would just get lost and walk right into one of the others, but I found you first. I’m taking you to Lady Aureliel myself and getting all the credit.”
“Good for you,” I sneered. “Can I at least walk on my own?”
“I don’t have a leash.”
All of the sudden, the room spun around, and I was heading further into the tower. So, this was the end of my great rescue mission, huh? There had to be something I could do. My arms, having long since gone numb due to the pressure of being clamped against me, were useless. That left me with no other option. I squirmed feebly and kicked my legs, hoping to hit something sensitive. I kept up the act for a good minute, but it soon became apparent that for all my effort I may as well have been tickling him.
“Stop that,” he grunted, squeezing my torso. I halted my assault and coughed as the air forced out of my lungs. The pressure eased and I gasped, taking in harsh breaths. Perhaps it would be wise not to try that again, I thought, waiting for my vision to clear. Well, if I couldn’t escape now, I should at least pay attention to the way out for later. 
We were ascending the tower. The giant spiral staircase was a pretty solid hint. I stayed silent as the Plumber carried me up the great expanse of stone. Maybe it’s a good thing I didn’t get to walk. After what seemed like ages, Mario managed to haul both of us to the top.
We traveled down a short hall that came to a massive metal door. Golden figures decorated the silver surface; numerous, intricate people littering the base of the door gathered in awe of the giant feminine entity dominating above them. A tall, thin being with cascading hair, it could have been a queen or perhaps a goddess. She paid no mind to her subjects on their knees. The figure’s face, a heart-shaped design with a tiny nose and mouth offset by enormous, blank, almond-shaped eyes, tilted upwards to look at the sky. It was beautiful. 
 Two guards in deep violet, full sets of armor stepped forwards and looked at me. I couldn’t make out their faces because of the helmets, but brown and white lights seeped from the eyeholes. 
“En Plumbarco – ”
“I’ve got a present for the Lady. Open the damn door.”
“But, sir – ”
I didn’t know these guys, but all I could say was I’m sure glad I didn’t have their job. Plumbarco stepped forwards, putting me less than six inches in front of the guard before us. The light from his helmet illuminated my face, and I could hear his breath rattle inside of the metal. I felt Plumbarco’s legs shift behind me before the room whipped around. I tilted to the side, the guard in front of me gone. An agonizing yelp filled the air before I was set upright. Looking down, I saw the guard slammed into the floor, the metal of his breast plate sizzling and bubbling. What? What just happened? Did Plumbarco do something?
“You want a taste, too? Open the fucking door!” Plumbarco barked at the second man. I watched in shock as the guard ran to the center of the door and pushed with all of his might. With a great scrape across the stone floor, the door shuddered open. Plumbarco strode through the new opening, nearly stepping on the unfortunate guard still writhing on the ground.
“Be sure to close it,” he ordered to the other man.
We entered into the room, and it was all I could do to not gasp in amazement. It was, simply put, quite extraordinary. Enormous dioramas and scrolls adorned the walls along with weaponry that could only be made from solid gold. Golden vases and marble statues were scattered around the room, the style reminding me of a museum display I had once seen for ancient Greece and Rome. Purple curtains dangled from the ceiling, almost like banners. An accompanying purple rug with gold bordering expanded the length of the room, and right in the middle of it, the back of a large marble throne surrounded by four tall torches commanded the attention of the space. Or it would for anyone else. I was more captivated with the sight just beyond it. The whole wall was open like a balcony with pillars supporting the roof. Even from back here, I could see a grand view of the city below us. Incredible.
“What did I tell you, dumb shits? I said she would come, and I was right! Look!” Plumbarco announced in pure glee. “I told you she would, and you didn’t believe me.”
I’d been so caught up in my awestruck sightseeing, I hadn’t realized that we weren’t the only people in the room. How oblivious can you get? Apparently, very.
“You can’t be serious,” a snide voice rang out. “You mean someone was actually fool enough to try and invade the tower?” 
I followed the sound. From behind one of the curtains, a young man emerged. Wild, spiked copper hair and blazing ruby eyes stood out against fair skin. His long face was centered by a straight nose between high cheekbones. The copper and blood red armor he wore matched him quite well. The material was strewn with swirling blazes of fire. He couldn’t have been more than twenty, but the air and confidence with which he carried himself suggested that of a brazen general. Though I hated to admit it, he would have been very good-looking if not for that haughty expression marring his face.
“I am right here you know,” I said to the new man, feeling the need to say anything. I had a tendency to do that when I was nervous or tense, and let’s face it, I was in way over my head right now.
“That was the point,” he replied. 
He looked like he was about to say something else when a figure in black brushed past him to stand in front of me. I blinked in surprise, and even being held by the big idiot, I still had to look up at the new stranger. His long obsidian hair was pulled back into a smooth ponytail, and his armor was the same color with crooked lines cut into the metal. Sharp, handsome features stared down at me, led by a set of piercing emeralds set in a bronze-colored face. This was no stranger. We had met before.
He opened his mouth, and the room was encapsulated in fine silk. “So, you did manage to capture her,” he said, the strangest hint of something akin to disappointment tinting his words. 
“How dare you step in front of me!”
 The curious moment shattered in the wind at the furious snarl. I turned to look once again at the copper-haired man, who was most definitely seeing red. Pun very much intended.
“Who the hell do you think you are, Farron? You’d think after all this time, you’d have learned your place,” he hissed, taking a few menacing steps forwards.
“It’s unfortunate, Cupraius, but old habits do die hard. I’m sure you’ll get to discover that yourself in the near future.”
“Is that so you – ”
“Boys, boys,” a low, sultry voice danced through the room. “There’s no need to cause such a fuss. Especially over such a plain, filthy girl. You should kill each other over me instead.”
Please be ugly, I thought, glowering towards the approaching woman. She wasn’t. Damn it! She was about as far from ugly as you could get, and I didn’t even need to be able to read her eyes to know she knew it. Long silvery-white hair flowed in a mysteriously sudden gust of wind. She, like the others, wore what I assumed was supposed to be armor, but it could have also been a very fashionable medieval bikini. It was pure silver; the top and bottom cut into jagged edges that looked like fangs ready to devour her milk chocolate, toned stomach. Thin, flimsy pieces of chain mail dangled from her waist and shoulders in what might have been a piss-poor attempt at modesty, but more likely just a fashion statement. The whole outfit was topped off with a rather intriguing pair of silver stilettos. A blacksmith who specializes in women’s ware, who knew? I looked back up to her face and stared into her smug golden eyes.
“What?” she asked, feigned innocence coloring her voice. “Did I offend you?”
I ignored the bait and went straight for the hook. “What do you want with me, Lady Aureliel?”
She opened her mouth, the strangest look crossing her face. I couldn’t tell if she was appalled or fearful that I just called her out. I stayed focused on her, waiting for some kind of reply, but all she did was stand there, shifting in the uncomfortable attention. All right. Enough of this.
“Well?” I yelled at her. “Are you going to say something?”
“You’ll have to forgive her, Ingrid Fairheit. Argentissa isn’t used to receiving such high compliments.”
I got my reply, all right, but not from where I expected. My eyes shot to the back of the great marble throne in the center of the room. I couldn’t see anybody because of the high, wide back, but I was sure that was where the voice had come from. Cold, refined, and deadly. Whoever was sitting in that throne was without a doubt the one I’d come to stop.
Lady Aureliel was right in front of me.









Chapter 28
All That Glitters


“Come forward, girl. I want to see your face. Plumbarco, put her down.”
The lead grip that was keeping me levitating above the floor instantly unwound, allowing my body to drop the few feet to the floor like a brick. My feet hit the floor hard, causing me to take a few stumbling steps forwards in order to save face – figuratively and literally. After successfully managing to steady myself, I straightened up and turned around to send my lummox captor the most hateful look I could imagine.
I was almost positive I’d seen this guy before. It was back a few years ago. Yeah, that’s right. This guy was famous. He was a heavyweight champion! Oh, no, wait. That was a pro-wrestler. It was an easy mistake to make. Plumbarco was a lumberjack – a mountain of a man with a rugged, masculine face and a jaw like a cinder block. His black hair was cropped short and slicked back, and the light from his sapphire eyes almost seemed to glint maliciously as he locked his gaze on me. When it came to armor, it appeared the man was one to keep things simple: dark blue-gray pants, greaves, and chest plate, all heavily scarred and ingrained with gashes. It seemed Plumbarco wasn’t one to turn the other cheek. Hell, he was probably the one starting the fights.
I crinkled my nose and sent him my favorite middle finger salute, which only seemed to tickle his amusement. As he chuckled at me, I spun on my heel and started making my way around the room. To my disappointment, the sound of heavy footsteps and sniggering followed close behind. I traversed around the edge of the rug trying to keep a safe distance away from the foreboding non-comfy chair in the center of the room, just in case whatever was sitting there was hungry. I glanced out of the open wall again, trying to use the spectacular sight to distract me from my nerves. Coming to the center of the view, I stopped to take in one last look, and then I turned around. Here goes nothing.
“You truly are Uturik’s child,” she said upon seeing me.
A bizarre, intense feeling of pride swept through me, though I couldn’t for the life of me figure out why. I couldn’t even remember the man, and I certainly didn’t hold any pointless familial feelings of affection for him. In fact, this was the first time I had even heard his name. And yet, there it was, bold and unwavering. Trying to shake off the unwelcome feeling, I took in my enemy for the first time.
Looking at her, I recalled the mural molded onto the great metal door at the entrance of this room: a mighty queen, or perhaps, a terrifying goddess. Orange eyes glowed in the center of her elegant face. It held no warmth or humor, and may as well have been carved from the marble of her throne. The visage was topped by a crown of long, straight, and fine golden hair. Her clothes would have made any grand empress pitch a hissy fit with envy. Royal purple cloth flowed down the length of her body, the upper half covered by the most intricately decorated golden armor. It was as if the whole piece was made from thousands of feathers. Glancing at her hands settled on the arms of the throne, I noted her nails were long, like golden painted talons. Beside her sat a glittering statue in the figure of a man – the Orion Keystone. I looked back up, knowing full well she was studying me, too. Her pale face tilted upwards, and she stared down her nose at me with those sharp orange eyes. A hawk staring down its prey. 
“And you must be this Aureliel everyone keeps going on about,” I replied, trying to keep my voice steady and confident. Surrounded by the enemy though I was, showing fear was not an option. 
“It is a natural thing for lesser beings to praise the greatness of their superiors. Tell me, Ingrid Fairheit, what tales do the dirt’s feeble children spread of great Lady Aureliel?”
“Well, praise isn’t exactly the word I would use for it. I mean, I really don’t think I’ve heard anything good about you at all. Maybe I should keep it to myself. I wouldn’t want to hurt your feelings.”
A throaty growl resonated behind me and Plumbarco snarled, “You stupid . . .” The sound of metal shifting put me on guard, but before I could turn around, Lady Aureliel raised her hand.
“That won’t be necessary, my dearest Plumbarco,” she said, her words affectionate, but her voice cold and unyielding. “Defiance and poor judgment run deep in this one’s blood. I will excuse her rudeness for now.”
Plumbarco grumbled something to himself and, I assumed, went back to standing like a watchful troll. 
“That’s awfully generous of you,” I commented, sarcasm heavy on my tongue. “Kind of goes against your track record though, doesn’t it?”
Lady Aureliel fixed me with a baleful stare and asked, “What is this nonsense you dare speak to me with?”
“Oh, come on,” I pushed. “You know what I’m talking about. How you deal with ‘defiance and poor judgment.’”
She tilted her head to the side, her eyes burning into my vision. “That,” she hissed, “is none of your concern.” 
A stray thought occurred to me then. Perhaps. Perhaps she was right. Maybe that wasn’t any of my concern. It’s not like I remembered anything from back then. I didn’t know anything about her or about . . . him. Just that he was my father. He was only my father. One that was taken from me . . . and Mom. 
“The hell it isn’t,” I argued back, shaking off the odd feeling of wanting to agree with her. “He was my old man, and you couldn’t handle the truth.”
“Your words are foolish, girl. Do not speak of things you do not understand.” Her voice was quiet, deadly. I was venturing in dangerous territory here. When did I ever let that stop me?
“Understand? What’s to understand?” I countered. “I know all about it. He dumped you! All for a human. You couldn’t handle it! You couldn’t handle being kicked aside!”
“That’s enough, human – ”
“You’re just an old, bitter ex-girlfriend – ”
Lady Aureliel shot up so fast all I could make out was a blur of purple and gold. She glared at me with complete loathing, her face distorting into a mask of fury. She took in a deep breath and screeched at me, “I was his wife!”
I paused and took a step back. What? I didn’t know that. I thought . . . I thought she was just some other woman. Not his wife. But that would make my mother – 
“Uturik betrayed me! He left me for that disgusting mud whore! He grew soft living with those humans. He forgot his place and his goal, but no matter. Uturik is gone, and it’s up to me to reclaim what is ours. For thousands of years, our kind has wallowed in this hole. Uturik forgot what he promised. The heavens belong to me! It’s my right, and you know it! It’s what I deserve!” 
A sharp, stinging pain washed over me, starting at the base of my back. It wound its way up my spine, coiling like a spiked chain all the way up my neck. When it reached the back of my head, for a fleeting second my mind . . . my thoughts . . . all blinked together in a jumbled mess with the pain. And then it vanished. I blinked rapidly, trying to comprehend what just happened, if it had happened at all. But I couldn’t seem to grasp it. Every time I tried to think about what happened my mind glazed over, and the memory faded into nothing. There was only one thought that seemed to pierce through the fog of my mind, strong and constant: She’s right.
But . . . but . . . I struggled in desperation, pushing against the enclosing white, trying to hold onto anything blinking in front of me. But . . . she’s right. Then why did it feel so wrong. It can’t be. She’s right. She can’t be. She’s right. She’s right. She’s right. The words echoed in a continuous cycle, filling every crevice of my brain, until there was only . . . she’s right. 
And yet, there was something else. Tiny – almost invisible – it flickered valiantly against the onslaught of . . . of . . . she’s right. I reached out, grabbing onto it and focusing on it so hard my whole body tensed. She’s right. It was so warm. And the more I pushed myself into it, the bigger it got. She’s . . . she’s. . . I gave everything in my being over to it, letting it consume me and the fog. She’s not right, a voice whispered to me. She’s not right, Ingrid. Sweet and gentle – I knew it so, so well. 
Warmth washed over me, and for the first time in my life, I was filled with what I could only describe as absolute peace. There was no worry, no stress, and no enemies – just calm. When it subsided, I was left with a strange sense of longing. And I could think. My thoughts were once again my own. 
“No,” I breathed, gradually regaining my sense of things. “No, it’s not your right. I know what the humans did to the Ankida was wrong. What my father did to you was wrong as well,” I confessed, dutiful sympathy driving me to say it. “He was a scumbag. But that doesn’t give you the right to try and invade the Human World.”
Lady Aureliel surveyed me with what I could only guess as unwelcomed interest. She peered at me in thought before settling back down into her throne.
“I see,” she commented, regaining her composure. “It must be that girl. You are one of the cursed warriors are you not, Ingrid Fairheit? Legend speaks of them, of their connection to the stones and to the Neti.”
That little statement was enough to make me forget her totally ignoring my comments about invading the Human World and change gears. “You mean the Locksmith?” I jumped forwards. “Where’s Lesia?” I demanded.
“She’s been here the whole time, ignorant human. Cupraius, my love, if you could be so kind,” she ordered.
“Of course, my Lady.”
I watched as the man in copper armor moved from behind the marble throne to the side of the room where one of the large curtains hung. He reached into the curtain, and with a sharp tug, pulled it to the side. My heart pounded in my chest at the sight that was revealed. Gagged and chained to a heavy stone slab was my best friend. She wiggled and tugged against her bonds, and when she looked towards me, I could see her soft brown eyes light up with fear.
“Lesia!” I called and made to run to her, only to be grabbed roughly from behind.
“Now, Ingrid Fairheit, it’s time to repay my kindness for letting you into my grand tower,” Lady Aureliel announced, frigid being too warm a word to describe her. “It’s time for you to help me find the location of the Gate.”











Chapter 29
Polarity


My arms ached with horrible agony in the bruising grip, and I worked hard to suppress the wince that was threatening to betray my pain. I wouldn’t give them the benefit of seeing me squirm. I wouldn’t let them make Lesia watch me cry. I had to be strong for her.
“You see, the Neti hasn’t been very forthcoming about the location of the Gate despite our most gracious hospitality. It seems she needs a little more incentive,” Lady Aureliel said, narrowing her eyes. “Plumbarco.”
The pressure on my arms increased to drastic proportions, pulverizing force crushing into the bone. I tried with all my might to suppress the loud yelp that was unhinging in my throat. The only saving grace was the lack of blood flow steadily making my arms become numb.
“You can do better than that, my soldier.”
“Yes, Lady,” Plumbarco replied, letting out a low chuckle. “How’s this?” He slid his hand down the length of my arm until he reached my wrist. His massive hand wrapped around it, his touch deceptively gentle. And then he squeezed. I couldn’t hold back any longer. A sharp cry pierced through the air, far too high and shrill to be mine – but it was. My bones creaked under the hold, gritting and scraping against each other. The veins in my wrist twisted and burst. He gave the limb a quick jerk, a dull pop sounding from the flesh.
His hold on my wrist loosened, and I sagged forwards, panting hard. Muffled cries echoed through the large room. I looked up at Lesia as she struggled in vain against her bonds. Tears poured down her face and blood seeped down her arms. Her glassy eyes met mine and she struggled harder, refusing to give up.
“I think our honored guest is finally ready to divulge her secrets.” Lady Aureliel indicated over to Cupraius, who moved forwards and harshly ripped the gag from Lesia’s face. Angry red blisters marred the corners of her mouth, but still she spoke.
“Please,” she begged, “please, don’t do this. I’ve already told you I don’t know where the Gate is. I haven’t found it. Please, let Ingrid go. Don’t hurt her anymore. Please, I beg of you. Hurt me instead!”
“A wish I will be happy to grant, retched dirt breeder,” Aureliel snapped. “You will tell me where the Gate is! I know you know the location! Tell me!”
“She already told you,” I panted, the throbbing in my wrist doing nothing for my mood. “What are you, deaf? Dumb bitch.”
Whack!
I think I was in the air, albeit momentarily. The side of my face ignited in a flurry of agony, followed by the rest of my body as I crashed into the ground and rolled in a tangle of limbs. My vision blurred past the point of severe, white stars dancing brilliantly across the floor. I could feel the beautiful black of unconsciousness creeping for me, and if it wasn’t for the distant sound of Lesia screaming my name, I would have welcomed its comforting embrace. 
“How unfortunate,” I heard above me. “She can’t be tortured if she’s dead, Plumbarco.”
“Sorry, Lady.”
A metallic taste filled my mouth, and I shifted up on my arms, spitting the warm liquid out at Lady Aureliel’s feet. I looked up at her sitting so high in that marble throne. She looked down at me disgusted, her face still tilted up despite the fact I was at her feet. 
“You know,” I gritted out, “you shouldn’t look down on people so much. I’ve got a pretty good view of your throat from down here.”
“It matters not, child. Your father couldn’t reach me,” she replied in a whisper. “A lowly half-breed in the dirt could never hope to reach a star.” She raised her leg, a golden heel poised above my head. “Get away from me.”
Crash!
Metal smashing against stone tore through the air, and confusion and surprise manifested on every face in the room, except for one.
“That’s enough, Aureliel, or is torturing young women all you can aspire to these days?” Emba’s voice mused from behind the marble throne. 
I took advantage of the open situation and rolled away a safe distance from Aureliel’s feet. I could see her now, strolling confidently away from the door and around the purple rug. Emba made it about halfway before a figure in black stepped forwards to block her path.
Farron stood in front of her like an iron statue, threatening and uncompromising. The corners of her mouth twitched, sliding downwards ever so slightly. The longer she looked at him, the more the smug expression on her face seemed all the more forced.
“You aren’t welcome here,” Farron warned. “Leave, now.”
“I can’t do that,” she retorted. “I’m surprised you can.”
“Stand down, Farron,” Aureliel ordered, interjecting herself into the conversation. “She poses no threat to me, my love. She’s nothing but a silly girl who struggles to accept her place and let go of foolish desires.”
With aggression, Emba pushed past Farron, stomping her way in front of the throne. “Is that so?” she asked, livid fire burning in her voice. “Then how come I’ve managed to slip right under your nose all this time? How come I managed to steal this,” she thrust out the Therion Stone, “from your guards?”
A loud, shrieking laughter erupted in the room, joined by a dark chuckle and an obnoxious guffaw. I must have missed the joke, because Argentina, Coppertone, and the Plumber were all highly delighted with themselves. They were laughing at her. Farron and Aureliel, however, stayed perfectly composed.
“Oh, Emba,” Aureliel said in mock sympathy, “did you really believe you could steal the keystone on your own? Did you really think it would fall so easily into your hands had I not willed it so?”
To her credit, Emba did a damn sight better job at hiding her surprise than I did. All I could do was lie there, slack-jawed at what Aureliel said. You had to be kidding me. This whole thing had been some kind of trap? I lay back, exhausted. This was it. We walked right into her stupid den, just like she wanted. And now all I’m going to get to see before I die are these shitty rafters and weird blue – 
I looked away at that instant, hoping nobody saw my strange reaction. I turned back to the conversation, trying to play cool.
“I knew you would seek her out,” Aureliel added, glancing over at me. “I suppose, in a way, Uturik’s disgrace has worked out favorably for me. I can accomplish every wish that has haunted me these past long years.”
“Don’t!” Emba growled. “Don’t you dare speak of him! You don’t have the right!” 
“I have every right, you witless pawn. I was everything to him! You are nothing, and you will die like nothing,” Aureliel bit out. “But it is a shame. You did have a knack for accomplishing exactly what I wanted.”
It happened then: a soft whooshing noise followed by a metallic clink. Every eye in the room turned and focused on one thing. In one of the torches by the throne, the end of a stick poked out, feathers lining the end. 
“Just promise me you’ll close your eyes if you see one of these fly into anything hot.” And close my eyes I did, just in time for a bright flare to light up the room.









Chapter 30
Static


I couldn’t tell which was more interesting: the funny pink color the backs of my eyelids glowed or the accumulation of shrieks and curses that orchestrated the light show. I turned over as quickly as I could, shakily rising to my feet. The bright flash lasted only seconds, but even after it faded, I was cautious about opening my eyes. I squinted after a moment’s hesitation in time to see a red and black blur sprint past me.
It was Emba taking off to the marble slab that still held my best friend and her nearby guard; not that he was much of a deterrent, yelling and blinking as he was. Emba wasted no time in kicking the blinded man in the stomach before reaching up to Lesia’s chains. As soon as her hand touched the metal, a pink flare shot out, breaking the link. A hand grabbed onto my shoulder, pulling me out of my balk. I snapped my head around, finding a most relieving sight.
“Loxley!” I could nearly cry. “You saved us!”
“Nothing a little improvisation and magnesium couldn’t handle,” she said, smiling. “But it won’t last for long. Are you okay to walk, Ingrid? We need to leave with Emba now.”
“Yeah, I’m all right,” I said. It was almost true, if you didn’t take into account my arms or my wrist . . . or my face. I glared over to where Aureliel sat hunched over, hands covering her face. It would be so easy to – 
“Hurry up!” I heard Emba call. I looked over and saw her standing with a worried Lesia. She held out the Therion Stone.
“Come on, Loxley,” I said, grabbing her arm and moving forwards. I took a few steps, but my arm tugged backwards. “What are you . . .” 
I turned back, but Loxley wasn’t looking at me anymore. I followed her gaze to the marble throne, right where I had been glaring at a few moments ago. But Loxley wasn’t interested in Lady Aureliel – just the thing next to her.
“The Orion Stone,” she muttered. She moved to go towards it, but I held fast to her arm.
“No.” I looked up. Hints of orange pierced around finger gaps. “There’s no time. We need to go, Loxley.” The clamor of the room started shifting to calm.
“But it’s right there,” she argued, taking in a sharp breath. “I can get it.”
“No!” I commanded, locking my fingers around her arm. She wheeled around on me, trying to pry my fingers off her. It was no use. Even in my wounded state, I held on like a vice. She looked up at me and into my eyes. I held her gaze, watching her face crumble into defeat. 
“You’re right,” she admitted, sending one last miserable glance at the keystone. “Let’s go.”
We both sprang into action, heading for Emba and the stone that would get us out of here. I felt the rough rock under my fingertips, and I knew this was it. I looked at Lesia, and she tearfully smiled at me. We’d done it. We were going home together.
The stardust shot into the air and I – 
I can’t breathe, I thought, panicked. My airway constricted. Something cold tightened around my throat. My vision started to fail – a swarm of dust, trees, and flicking pink light hazing together.
“Ingrid!” Lesia called.
“Release her, Farron!” Emba’s voice echoed in the strangest manner. 
A dark voice emerged, so close to me. “Give me the keystone.”
“Never,” she replied, stern conviction in that single word.
“Very well,” I heard. The pressure on my neck tightened, and the ground was gone. My feet dangled helplessly in the air, and I tried to let out futile protests. 
“No, stop!” Despite my hazy state, I could still hear the desperation in her voice. “This isn’t right! She’s – ”
“Who are you, of all people, to talk about what’s right, Emba?” Farron interrupted her.  The flesh under his hand began to tingle, almost like static. “Give me the stone.”
“Please, Farron, Lugal Uturik – ”
“Lugal Uturik is dead!” A searing hot pain ran along the skin of my neck. I knew I was screaming, but I couldn’t hear a single thing in the night. The burning in my neck stopped, only to be replaced by one in my chest. “The humans saw to that.” 
 “Please, Farron. Please, she’s deceiving – ”
“The keystone.”
My brain screamed for what seemed like hours before I unexpectedly dropped to the ground. I lunged forwards, damn near sucking in dirt in my effort to get oxygen. Lesia was next to me in a moment, wrapping her arms around me and trying to shield me from further harm. I glanced out of the corner of my eye in time to see emerald spheres whisked away in a storm of dust.
“Shit,” Emba growled, sinking to the floor. “I can’t believe this. After all that, I’ve failed.”
“I wouldn’t say that,” I said, regaining my normal breathing pattern.
“She has both keystones.”
“That’s fine. Let her have them. We’ve got what really matters.” I looked at my friend’s tear-stained face and smiled. “Are you okay, Lesia?”
“Stupid,” she muttered back, wiping her cheeks with the backs of her hands. “You’re so stupid, you know that?”
“A couple of people have brought it up.”
“Stupid,” she repeated. “And now you’re hurt.”
“Don’t be ridiculous,” I denied, rising steadily to my feet. The wobbly kind of steady, but who’s judging. “I feel fine. I could do it all again.”
“Never,” Lesia whispered, her brown orbs staring up at me. “I’ll never let you do it again.”
I held her gaze, watching the myriad of emotions that was her soul. She had been through a lot. I could see it in the dried blood on her arms, the dark circles under her eyes, and the blisters on her lips. The fear in her eyes. But, it wasn’t fear for her. It was for me.
“Lesia,” I gently said, holding out my hand, “let’s go home.”

The journey back through the woods had about as much joy and cheer as a funeral procession. It seemed the only one who felt we actually accomplished a victory was me. And that’s exactly what it was. Rocks be damned, I got my best friend back. Emba trailed behind us, solemn and lost in thought. In the lead, Loxley didn’t fare much better. 
“There was no way you could have gotten it,” I told her. “She would have taken off your arm if you’d reached for it.”
“Maybe,” Loxley sighed, doubt coloring every letter of the word. “But I should have at least tried. It’s my duty to protect the Orion Stone, but still, I did nothing. Even when it was right in front of me.”
“And beside a complete psychopath. You can’t bring anything back if you’re dead.”
“Grandmother won’t see it that way.”
“Hey, that’s not true,” I disagreed. “Hardass or not, I’m sure Meissa would rather have you back than some stone.”
“Maybe,” she said. I frowned. Just as much doubt as before.
Coming to the conclusion that conversation obviously wasn't a priority here, I decided to do as the Romans do and stayed silent for the rest of the trip. We eventually came to the edge of town and stopped, all taking in the soft glow of the street lights. It would be morning in a few hours. I almost felt the need to say as much. Too bad I refused to be the one to break the silence this time.
“It’s so peaceful,” Lesia whispered. “Do you think it can stay that way?”
“I don’t know,” I answered with a shrug. “For now, I guess.” It was as positive an answer as I could come up with, I suppose. At this point, I had no idea what to expect from Lady Aureliel and her evil minions. I was still trying to fully grasp onto what had already happened. My body and mind ached, and the longer I stared out at the town, the heavier my eyelids felt. The adrenaline faded a long time ago, and my exhaustion was catching up to me. I yawned and started for the town. Bed, how I long for you. “I’m going home.”
“Wait!” Lesia stopped me. “Ingrid, you’re coming with me. We have to get you to a doctor.”
“No way. I’m fine, Lesia, trust me. I just need to get some rest. Besides, all the doctors’ offices are closed, so where would we go? The Emergency Room? By time they see me, I’ll have healed on my own.”
“We have to go somewhere. You need help.”
“Grandmother knows some healing remedies. She may be able to treat your wounds,” Loxley inputted, finally breaking her silence.
I quirked my eyebrow at her. Lack of treatment or Meissa’s personal brand of medicine? Which was less likely to end in death? I may be better off rolling in the dirt.
“Are you sure – ”
“We’re going,” Lesia decided for me. “Right now.” 
She narrowed her eyes at me as though daring me to argue. I met her gaze, and despite the tense situation, couldn’t help but smile. Lesia looked so funny when she was trying to be intimidating.
“Okay,” I finally cracked. “I’ll go, but,” I paused dramatically and she waited for me to continue, “only after I’ve gotten some sleep.”
She opened her mouth a few times, trying to find a good argument. “That’s not – ”
“It is,” I stated, ending the conversation. “And anyway, you need to go home, too, Lesia. Your parents are probably worried sick. Not to mention the cops will be looking for you everywhere.”
“I don’t care about all that. What about you?” she asked, worry coating her voice.
“I told you I’ll be fine.” I yawned. “I’m sorry. Come on, let’s get you home. I don’t think I’ll make it much longer without passing out. Loxley, could you . . .?”
“Of course,” she replied, taking on my request. “I was just about to suggest it. I’ll need to speak with the police about what really happened, and how we found Lesia lost by the campgrounds. I’ll fill you in on the details later, so we can keep to our story.”
“Thanks. I’ll be sure to, uh, corroborate what went down.”
“Very good,” Loxley said, turning to leave. Loxley beckoned for Lesia to follow, but the girl stood still, looking at me with glassy eyes.
“Good night, Lesia,” I urged with a soft voice. She suddenly leaped forwards, wrapping her arms around me in a tight embrace.
“Good night, Ingrid,” she whimpered in my ear. I held on to her tightly, my eyes starting to prickle. She pulled back and swiftly turned after Loxley.
I watched as the two descended towards the town, refusing to let my emotions get the better of me.
“Well, what about you, Emba?” I questioned, trying to shift the mood. I waited for a reply. Complete silence. “Emba?” 
I turned to look at the redhead but . . . I was alone. She already took off. Well, what do you make of that?









Chapter 31
Three A.M.


Such a deceptively peaceful night. I blinked rapidly and trudged with weary steps up to my front door. So quiet and boring. There had been more than one occasion when I wanted to just curl up on the sidewalk and catch a quick nap. I felt bad about not taking Lesia home myself, but I knew I was approaching my limit. Despite my denial, my body had taken one hell of a beating. I wasn’t good to anyone like this. Loxley would be a much better bodyguard.
Yawning, I kicked open the door and staggered into the house. I didn’t even bother looking into the living room as I passed. It would have been a waste of time; my bleary vision wasn’t much help at this point. I didn’t bother looking down Auntie’s hall, either, knowing full well that stupid attic ladder was blocking the way.
I nearly exploded with bliss when I saw my bed. It was the most glorious thing in the world. I collapsed into its soft embrace and let out a deep sigh. This was Heaven. I rolled onto my back and closed my eyes. The chirping crickets were getting further away, fading with the rest of this horrible, awful night.
Thud! Thud! Thud!
My eyes snapped open, and I glared murder at the ceiling. Damn it! What the hell is Auntie doing up there? It’s the middle of the damn night! I threw the pillow over my head and tried to block out the racket. A loud crack resounded through the room, and I almost ripped my failed earplug in two. That does it!
I shot out of bed and tore the bedroom door open. I stomped into the hallway intent on giving my aunt a piece of my mind, and maybe fist, when a muffled scream echoed in the house.
“No! Stop it! It’s your fault!”
My tired mind snapped to attention, and I took off for the attic. What was going on? That was Aunt Kaline! I flew up the ladder, not caring what awaited me at the top.
“Auntie, what’s wrong?”  I yelled as soon as I was at the top. She was hunched over, her back towards me. Her arms were held in front of her, and I was positive she was holding something.
“It’s your fault,” she murmured. 
I furrowed my eyebrows in confusion. My fault? What was my fault?
“Auntie, what are you – ”
“It’s your fault,” she repeated in a harsh whisper. 
“Auntie, you’re tired – ”
“No!” she snapped, her voice raising. “It’s your fault. It’s all your fault!” She flung her arms down and whatever she had been holding collided with the floor, a deafening screech sounding from the impact.
“It’s your fault!” She was manic now. “He’s dead! She’s dead! And it’s all your fault!”
My throat tightened, and I swallowed the bitter realization. So, we were back to this. How he died and it was because of me . . .
Aunt Kaline whipped around, turning so fast I thought her hair would give her whiplash. My stomach twisted at her soiled, tear-stained face – her wide, hysterical eyes. 
“Don’t you see, Ingrid?” she screamed, mouth contorting in tortuous anguish. “It’s all my fault!”
I didn’t even have time to register what she said before she launched forwards. She came at me, surging with a speed I had never seen before. I didn’t know what to do. My mind couldn’t keep up with this. My body just . . . reacted.
Pain pulsed up my arms when I hit the floor, a flurry of wood cracking and a voice shrieking accompanying my crash to the boards. I turned over, staring wide-eyed at the attic entrance from my place near the wall. I moved. Somehow, I dodged out of the way. Even though she was coming so fast. I looked at the hole. But then – 
“Auntie!” I yelled, scrambling over to the entrance. I looked down and my heart stopped. Broken steps and jagged pieces of wood where a ladder should be, and at the very bottom . . .
“Auntie!” I jumped down, not caring about the splinters of wood that dug into my knees as I hit the floor. I crawled to her side, tears streaming down my face as I watched her take in a shaky breath.
“Ingrid,” Auntie moaned, holding up her hand, “where are you?” 
“I’m right here, Auntie,” I whispered, grabbing onto the appendage. “I need you to hang on, okay? I need to go get you some help. You’re going to be fine.”  Twisted bones. Bloody wood.
“N-no,” she rejected before erupting into a coughing fit, blood splattering across her face. 
“Auntie, please . . .”
She gasped, struggling to recover her breath. “No. Ingrid, the-there’s something I – I need to tell you.”
“You can tell me later, Auntie,” I sobbed, “when you’re all better.”
She ignored my protests and looked at me. “I’m so sorry, Ingrid. It’s all my fault you have to live – live like this.” Tears welled up in her eyes, and she took in a sharp, wheezing breath. “I to-told her where they were.”
“What?”
“Your parents,” she continued. “I didn’t mean t-to, but I was so angry with Adel-Adeline and jealous that she had been taken away. I told her. That Lady came looking – looking for him. And I told her where he was.”
“What’re you saying?”
Aunt Kaline coughed again, more blood hacking from her throat. “I didn’t know she would kill him,” she lamented when she caught her breath. “And now she’s back. The Orion Keystone – ”
The Orion Keystone? What did Auntie know about that? As far as I knew, Auntie had never met Meissa or even been to the Orion Temple . . . unless . . . I opened my mouth in surprise. “You took it?”
She coughed much harder than before. I watched in fear as the blood kept coming up. There’s too much.
“I’m sorry,” she whispered, her eyes dimming . . . her lips smiling. “I lo-ove . . . Ingrid.”
Kaline’s hand went limp. I blazed out of the house, the world blurring around me.









Chapter 32
Dark Matter


The silence was almost comforting in its own way. I staggered into the living room, letting the front door swing back on its own. It hit with a soft click, not quite closing. It didn’t matter.
“There’s nothing you can do right now. If you won’t let us treat you then, please, go home and get some rest.”
I passed through the living room and turned into the hallway that would take me to Aunt Kaline’s room. Large splinters of wood and bloodstains soiled the already filthy carpet. Auntie never was much of a housekeeper. I walked over the debris, looking up the broken ladder. Reaching out, I grabbed one of the sides and hauled myself up to one of the least damaged planks, starting my ascent to the darkness above.
The silence was almost threatening in its own way. I warily peered around the attic, half expecting the room itself to come alive and suffocate me with shadows. Nothing good happened in this place. It was a tomb of despair.
I walked over to the small box that held the items my aunt was so fond of. A small burnt-out candle sat on the side – a small pool of wax all the time left of its short, illuminating life. An assortment of jewelry laid beside it. My eyes flickered off the metal before resting on a large black and silver ring. The corners of my lips curled upwards. Uncle Sebastian. I took the ring and put it in my pocket. Beside the pile, a comb sat by itself. It was made of a hard white material, and when I picked it up, it was cool to the touch. This was Kaline’s. I pocketed the item and looked at the final object propped up in the back. Three smiling faces beamed back at me. My throat tightened as I picked up the picture. I folded it in half and placed it with the rest of my bounty. I looked to the ground. I guess that’s it.
I turned to leave, but a sudden glint of purple light flashed from the floor. Looking down, I searched for the source. Another flash sparkled from a nearby box. Kneeling down, I reached for the light. My fingers grazed something smooth, and I grasped the object, pulling it up to study.
I had never seen anything like this before. It was about the size of my hand and shaped like some kind of large hexagonal gemstone. At first, I thought it might be a dirty mirror, but I could almost see through the object. It was grayish, like some dingy diamond that had gotten dust trapped inside. I looked into its flat surface and the purple of my eyes bounced off the dust, making it gleam back at me.  
I stared into the strange object, fascinated by the tiny glints. They started out sparse, but the longer I looked at them, the more numerous they became. They were starting to change color, too. Tiny orange sparkles darted among the purple. The little light show continued until soon only orange light dominated the weird crystal. It flickered around before settling in the middle into two circles. What a bizarre pattern. From here, it almost looked like –   
“This is unexpected.”
I nearly dropped the thing in surprise as the cold voice erupted from it. I gaped in shock as the pair of eyes settled into a haughty face. One that, despite my short time of knowing it, I had come to despise so much.
“You!” I growled. “What the hell is this? How are you doing this?” I tightened my fingers around the crystal, as though by squeezing it I could squeeze the life out of the woman shining from its face. What was this thing and how long had it been in the house? Lady Aureliel raised her chin to look down her nose at me, and a horrible thought dawned on me. “Have you . . . have you been using this to talk to Auntie?”
“That miserable human woman?” Aureliel asked. “Pathetic child, I do not talk with humans. But,” she added, a cruel sneer covering her face, “it turns out they have their uses for their betters, as that one has proved many times.”
“What are you – ”
“First with Uturik and then with the keystone. Humans are so easily manipulated.”
My vision blurred, and I increased the force of my grip on the crystal, the edges digging into my hands. “Shut up,” I hissed. “Just shut up.”
“And so easy to break.”
“I said shut up!” I screamed. Rage filled every inch of my being. I thrust my arms up high above my head, and then with as much strength as I could muster, I threw it down. It hit the floor with blinding force, the satisfying sound of glass and wood cracking filling the attic. Lady Aureliel’s face vanished in a bright spark of light. I didn’t even blink, panting hard and looking at the devastation: broken floor boards, three pieces of dirty glass, and no bitch. Good riddance. 
“Ingrid!” 
I whipped my head to the side to see someone totally unexpected. Emba was there, at the entrance of the attic, looking at me with wide eyes. 
“It was her,” I said, looking down at the broken shards of glass. “The whole time it was her.”
Emba didn’t say anything as she came closer. When she was beside me, she looked down to see what I was talking about. “I don’t believe it,” she gasped, crouching down and picking up the three pieces. 
“What? You know what this is?” I asked, confused.
“Come,” she said. “Let’s go downstairs and talk. You need to settle down, and this place is . . . uncomfortable.”
“Settle down?” I said, making a noise that may have been a chuckle. I don’t know why. Nothing was funny. “I’ve pretty much given up on that. But you’re right about one thing; I want to get out of here.”
We made our way out of the attic, Emba pretty much just jumping down in one fluid motion and then helping me stumble down with the least amount of injury possible. We came into the living room, and I saw one of Auntie’s candles flickering with a little pink flame. Emba must have done it before coming to find me. I collapsed on the floor beside the candle and let my limbs go limp. Emba sat across from me and spread the broken crystal pieces out in front of her. 
My lips curled in disgust at the sight. “I wouldn’t recommend keeping that cursed piece of trash. It only shows ugly things.”
“It’s a Nibiru mirror.”
“A what?”
“It’s a very rare and special glass,” Emba said, her eyes transfixed on the shards. “Glass made from stardust.”
I stared at her, surprised. “You mean that stuff that chokes you when you use the keystones? You can make glass from that?”
“Yes.” Emba let out a soft smile. “It’s quite special.”
“I’ll say. Aureliel just appeared in this one. I still don’t understand how – ” 
“A pair,” Emba answered, cutting me off. “Two mirrors made from the same stardust. They are connected, even across the realms.”
“So that means . . .”
“Aureliel has the other mirror. She’s been using it to speak with your aunt.”
“She’s been tormenting her this whole time,” I said, feeling miserable. “Right here and I did nothing.”
“There was no way you could have known.”
“But I did know. She’s been acting so strange, and I just shunned her. And I still don’t understand. How did she get the mirror in the first place?”
Emba looked down at the mirror shards again, breaking our eye contact. “It was your mother’s,” she whispered. I didn’t say anything, letting the new information sink in. “Lugal Uturik,” she paused, “your father gave it to her, so he could watch over her while he was in Kigal.”
“And Aureliel now has his,” I stated.
Emba nodded, still looking down. “I’m very sorry that such a gift of . . . of,” she paused again, taking in a deep breath, “of love had to be used like this.”
I didn’t answer her, turning to look into the tiny pink flame. It was a little bright for me, but I didn’t care. My mind wasn’t focused on my vision anyway. The mirror had been a gift from my father to my mother. Did Auntie know that when she found it in the attic? Did she even care? What about Aureliel? Hadn’t Auntie recognized her as the one who killed him?
“She took the Orion Stone for her,” I said at last. Memories of Ty, Lesia, and me in my room came to me. “And she told her about Lesia. She must have heard us that night.”
All of the sudden, something grabbed my chin, and my head was tilted until the pink flame I was staring at turned into a pair of glowing pink eyes.
“Listen to me,” Emba commanded, her voice lining with a stern edge. “That wasn’t your aunt’s fault. It was all Aureliel’s doing. She is,” Emba stopped and quirked her lips as though searching for the right words, “unbound.”
“Unbound?” I repeated.
“Yes,” she said. “But you need to get some rest, Ingrid. Your body can’t start to heal if you don’t get some sleep.” She stood up and brushed off her armor.
“Where are you going?” I asked, a little startled at the sudden change of topic.
“To check things out.” She smirked back at me. “It looks like I’ll be stuck here for awhile. I might as well make myself familiar with the area.”
“Oh.” It was all I could think to say. Up until this point, it hadn’t occurred to me that without a keystone Emba wouldn’t be able to return home. “You can stay with me if you need to.”
“Thank you for the offer, but I’ve got some things I want to check on first. Besides,” she said, winking at me, “I’m sure you’ll have plenty to occupy your time. I’ll just be in the way.”
“If you say so,” I replied, yawning. Emba bringing up my lack of rest triggered my realization of how tired I really was. I looked out the window as a thin beam of light ascended over the horizon. Dawn was here, and I still hadn’t gotten any sleep. I lay back on the floor. My eyelids were getting heavier by the second. “Good morning, Emba,” I mumbled. I heard the door click shut, and I turned my head to the side. I would wake up later and go visit Ty and Auntie at the hospital, and then I would go see Lesia and Loxley. Everything would be good. I looked at the carpet in front of me and saw three blurry crystals. How pretty . . .








Chapter 33
Stardust


Mrs. Delaney did a good job, especially on such short notice. The violet flowers were perfect: bright, beautiful, and full of life – they suited her perfectly. The cool porcelain under my fingertips a fine quality.
I gazed off into the horizon in my wrinkled black uniform, defiantly ignoring the looks of pity from the people descending down the steep stone steps and away from the temple. I’d been getting those looks all day, and I couldn’t stand it. Even Kaira’s nod of acknowledgement had been less stiff than usual. My grip tightened, and I let out a shaky breath. You’d think I’d be used to this by now.
“The world goes on – even when we feel our own has stopped.”
“Thanks for the advice, Grandma, but I’m really not in the mood for any wise old sayings.”
Meissa came to stand beside me, looking into the distance with me. “Don’t be ridiculous, girl. I don’t need any sayings, just the truth.”
“Well, it still sucks,” I replied, trying to keep my voice steady. “I’ve done this a couple of times already. You’d think it’d get easier.”
“It never gets easier,” Meissa admitted, a distant tone in her voice. “No matter how many times you do it.”
We both stayed silent, looking at the peaceful town below. I could barely make out some small figures going about their daily business as usual. Their lives hadn’t been changed by any of this. They had no idea what happened. Their worlds kept turning.
“Thank you,” I whispered, “for letting us use the temple.”
“It was only fitting.”
“Even after she stole the keystone . . .”
“That is irrelevant,” Meissa said. “Today we celebrate a great warrior. All else has no meaning at this moment.”
“Great warrior, huh?” I smiled, lifting the small lid off of the oval jar. “Did you hear that, Auntie? Finally some recognition.” My eyes stung, the corners quickly becoming wet. A strong breeze blew, ruffling my hair. “You’re finally free, Auntie,” I whispered, voice cracking. “You can be with them. Go, Auntie. Go be with Adeline and Sebastian. Find them!” 
I threw the urn forwards, flinging the ash into the wind. It whirled and danced wildly, free of any inhibitions – just like Kaline. I watched as she traveled through the air, sparkling in the sun – just like stardust. 
I leaned forwards, tears streaming down my face. I let out a loud sob and buried my face into my hands. In an instant, I felt two pairs of arms embrace me. I didn’t have to look to know who they belonged to. We’d been together too long, known each other so well.
Meissa said that everything else in the world was irrelevant right now, but that wasn’t true. This was relevant. My friends were relevant. I swore at that moment that I would never go through this again. I would protect them with everything in my being, and I wouldn’t fail. But she would. I would make sure of it. I would do it for them and for Aunt Kaline. My world would keep turning. Just as sure as the sun and stars in the sky.









