
Cheyanne Matthews
Cheyleematthews@gmail.com


24,700 words.













 The Cobblestone Road

by C.L. Matthews



























CHAPTER ONE



The early morning sun shone brightly upon the people of London, warming the cold bodies from the damp air that surrounded them. Seas of outstretched bony, shivering hands begged and groveled for money. Their blue tinged bodies warming and turning back to their pale ragged state. The poor literally littered the streets in this area. Samuel reached for his clean handkerchief from his inside coat pocket and brought it to his nose and mouth. The stench of filth emanating from the unfortunates on the cobble were too much for him to bear. Several dirty hands reached for Samuel's greatcoat, begging for food and coin. Samuel tugged at the end of his coat, pulling it away from the scrawny figures that clutched at him. He pursed his lips in disgust, brushing the dirt from the edge of his coat with his handkerchief. Upset by how unclean the piece of cloth now was he dropped it on the ground and continued walking away from the filthy creatures as if they did not exist. 
"Damn beggars," Samuel wrapped his arms in his coat, hugging it tightly to his body and continued on his walk towards the shop, his shoes clacked against the cold stone of the street, wind blowing lightly against his pale cheeks. Carriages drove by him, rolling their large wheels through the wet filth left behind from chamber pots emptied from the above lying windows. The mud splattered against the cobblestone and covered the carriages wooden wheels in the dark wet earth, making it harder to get to its destination. Smoke from the many chimneys hung thick in the air, making it harder to breathe in this lowly part of town. Samuel could feel the impurities filling his lungs. He pulled up the collar of his black coat, protecting his mouth and nostrils from the thick smoky air. 
His brown eyes glanced across the street signs hanging from the buildings, searching for the one that was most important. 
"Where is this bloody place?" He murmured to himself. Frustrated, he stops in his tracks, pulls out a folded piece a paper from his coat pocket and begins to unfold it. He again reads the words scrawled across the thin parchment, looking back up at the old worn street signs. Some hung awkwardly, tilting forward or down towards the stone street, threatening to hit any passers by. The wood was chipped and cracked, the paint, worn and dull. Nothing about the slums of London was good, whether it be the people or the shops. He looked at one of the broken signs, glancing over the fine, yellow script, he saw the words The Finest. 
Samuel's lip twitched and he let out an irritated noise. How odd to have such clean name in such a filthy and damp place such as this. He snorted, folding the paper back up and placing it back in his pocket, making his way towards the small wooden shop with it's chipped corners and dull paint. He pushed open the door, signaling for a bell to ring. 
"Mr. Casey," Samuel demanded, standing stark still with his hands folded behind his back, ready to have a little chat with said man. He took a look around the cluttered room, papers and metal were strewn about, rats darted to and fro, nibbling on the old molded pages of some book. When no reply presented itself, Samuel waked closer, almost touching the cluttered desk.
"Mr. Casey," Samuel said again, this time much louder and more agitated than before. 
"Oh!" Samuel heard a cry come from the back of the shop, then papers falling with whatever other junk he stored back there.
"L-Lord Blackmore, I didn't know you were coming here today." He heard Mr. Casey shuffling, tripping, and shuffling again, eventually appearing through the doorway behind the counter. His scraggly hair lay limp with some curls plastered to his white wrinkled forehead. Sweat stained the underarms of his shirt and he panted, out of breath. The sleeves of his white shirt were rolled up to his elbows, showing the dark arm hair and saggy skin. His suspenders hung down, no longer draping over his shoulder. 
Mr. Casey shoved his dirty thick hand into his pocket, pulling out a second handkerchief, the only clean thing in this bloody part of town. Bringing it up to his face he wiped the grime and sweat from his forehead, trying to look the most presentable in front of a Lord. Samuel's lips pursed, forming into a scowl. 
"I need a few things from you Mr. Casey."
The man stopped wiping his face with the now grime covered handkerchief, looking up at Samuel with his small squinted eyes. 
"And what would th-those be my Lord?" He said, stuffing the dirty rag back into his trousers. 
"That Collins boy works for you correct?" Samuel continued, taking out his pocket watch and checking the time.
"Th-that's right my Lord," 
Samuel's lips curled into a smirk, closing the watch with a single click. 
"Have him work the day and half of the night shift. Make sure he doesn't get much sleep. After all, he is in debt to my family. He should pay it off as fast as possible." 
"B-but my Lord, if I put that much work on o-only one of my workers his body will surely give out." The mans body started to sweat more, the stains now fanning out across his stomach and back. 
Samuel squinted his eyes, now glaring at said man. He clicked his tongue impatiently. 
"Are you questioning me you filthy cretin?" He spat, words holding only venom. Drawing back coolly, he puts a finger to his lips and taps them. 
"Unless you want to finish working off his debt sir. Oh what a generous boss you are Mr. Casey. Taking the large debt off a young lads shoulders and taking it on to your own." A bitter smile crosses Samuel's lips as he leans over the counter coming face to face with the ragged shopkeeper. 
"You...you misunderstand my gesture sir." Mr. Casey's eyes locked on the floor. 
"Do I?' Samuel's words come out in a hiss. 
"Oh what a shame for poor Mr. Collins." A wicked smile crosses his mouth. 
"I guess he will have to work all day and part of the night shift then, as I originally said." 
The stubby man quivered, twiddling his fingers together nervously. "O-of course my Lord." The man cowered, bowing his head slightly. Sweat dripped from his gray skin and onto the cluttered floor. 
"Good. Now get me all of Gabriel Collins files. They must be tucked away somewhere in this musty room." He inquired, eyes roaming over the room once more. "I want them by next week along with half his earnings." Samuel leaned forward, closing the distance between him and the short sweaty man. "And if I do not have them by that time," He slammed his hand on the table harshly, making the old rotten desk rattle and papers shake. "You will certainly regret it." 
The plump man shook, nodding his head vigorously.
"Good we are in agreement then," Smiling, he pushed his weight off of the cracked wood. "Don't disappoint me." And with that, he grabbed the sides of his coat and turned, striding out of the stuffy and cramped room. 
       









CHAPTER TWO



     Victor was sitting in his black comfortable hi-backed chair, turning the pages of his book. His eyes scanning through the information on each page. He pressed his thumb to his lips in concentration as to try to absorb every bit of information he could. Shifting, he crossed his left leg over the other, turning another page. Having nothing else to do, Victor read. He held the soft velvet like book carefully by it's spine. The cover was becoming worn with age and wear. It was one of his sisters favorite stories and she had read it countless times. The room was well lit by the sconces that were hung on the white walls as well as the fire that was in the large brick hearth. Thick, dark curtains covered the windows not allowing much light from the outside in. The candle light danced off the darkness of the velvet curtains giving the room a warm amber hue. The wooden floor was covered with a rich green rug and the walls were draped with some of the finest cloth tapestries money could buy. Though beautiful, Victor's room was one of the messiest in the manor, but he's the only one that doesn't seem to care.
He caught a glimpse of himself in the floor length mirror that sat in the corner by his window, his hair unkempt as always was more wild than normal today. Thick black strands were sticking out randomly from his head, curling ever so slightly at the ends. His silver rimmed glasses slid down his angled nose, resting at the tip. Victor could care less about his appearance and continued to sit and focus on the novel in his hand.
Victor leaned back against his chair, relaxing his shoulders. His suspenders clung to his torso, almost molding themselves to Victor's fit chest and stomach. He sighed and closed his eyes, shutting the book closed and taking off his glasses, setting them both on his cluttered desk. "Well that was boring." He mumbled, opening his green eyes and scanning his room for another book he could read and discard. He glanced to his bookshelf, sighing and deciding to get out of his chair.
Placing both of his hands on the arms of the chair, he pushed himself up and off of it, making his way to one of the filled wooden shelves. Looking up, Victor grabbed one of the rough bound black books. "This one is decent," Walking back over to his seat, he sat himself down and started flipping through the novels contents, scanning the small words. 
The door to his room had opened, though Victor paid no attention to the person entering his room and continued to flip to another page. The decorated wooden door closed softly as soft footsteps made their way over to the front of his desk. 
"Victor," A soft female voice made it's way to his ears, lingering there for just a moment. He ceremoniously flipped another page, clearly ignoring her. Some shuffling could be heard but Victor paid no mind to it until a gentle hand rested itself atop his head, petting him slightly. 
He sighed yet again and gingerly closed his book. "What is it Genevieve ?" He said, not looking up at her and grabbing her wrist, taking her hand off of him.
"I just wanted to talk to you." She spoke softly, hurt clearly in her voice. 
"About what?" Victor set his book down next to the previous one he had already read and let go of the slim woman's wrist.
"Well, about anything I guess. I just wanted to chat with you." She fiddled with her soft white gloves, anxious for his answer.
"No," He stated bluntly, picking his book back up and resuming to where he had left off. "Now if you don't have anything else to say, go." 
Hurt, she picked up the ends of her dress and curtsied. "Sorry to bother you." Her voice full of sadness. 
"Yes and please don't do it again." He said waving her off. He heard some more shuffling, the door opening and closing, finally leaving him be. He had surely hurt the poor girl's feelings, but he did not want to get too close to such an annoyance. 
Victor remembered the little girl who had annoyed him incessantly when they were young. Every time she had come over to play, Genevieve had gotten into his things and teased him nonstop about them. She would run away with this article of clothing or that toy as he tried desperately to recover them. It was not only embarrassing, but a hassle, running around the manor chasing a little girl.


              













As the day went on and long past the time when the sun had set, Victor got bored of reading and decided to lay down on his satin bed, snuggling up in the soft white sheets. Darkness fell and what little light that the heavy curtains had let in has now faded. The lights in the room had dimmed, setting the room in a nice glow. 
A heavy knock pounded on the door, the sound resonating throughout the whole room, waking Victor from his reverie. "Bullocks," he cursed, pushing himself off of the bed and onto his feet. He rubbed his eyes, trying to rid the sleepiness from him. He took both of his hands and ran them through his unkempt hair as more knocks sounded through the room. 
"I'm coming, damn it." Victor trudged across the room and yawned, clasping his hand around the knob and turning it, opening the door to reveal his brother. Not surprised, Victor asked, "What do you want at this time of night Gabriel?" Letting his older sibling in, he closed the door back up. 
Gabriel slumped in one of the chairs, exhausted. His green eyes were rimmed with red and held dark circles under them. His dark hair was tussled, as were his trousers and used-to-be white shirt. Dirt underlined his once finely groomed fingernails, making his hands look more calloused, and his once pale skin has tanned, making Gabriel look less refined than usual. 
Victor grabbed a quilted blanket and placed it on his brother. "You should sleep brother. You need the rest." Grabbing a satin pillow from his bed, he placed it under Gabriel's head, elevating his neck. Gabriel smiled and grunted in thanks as he closed his tired eyes, ready to pass out from the lack of sleep and energy spent.
Judging from the looks of his brother, Mr. Casey has been keeping him overtime again, most likely working him to the bone. That also explains why he came to Victor's room, after all, it is closer than his own. Victor lay back down on his bed, letting his body sink into the soft mattress. He'll just have to have a chat with Mr. Casey tomorrow. With that thought in mind, he walked back over to his bed, slumping in it, not bothering to slip the blanket over his body. Closing his eyes, he drifted off to sleep.
When Victor awoke, his brother had already gone, possibly to work since that is all Gabriel ever seemed to do anymore. The Collins's had been indebted to the Blackmore's for years now. Unlike the rest of his family who only worried about their precious jewels, and appearance within certain circles, rather than their actual children, Gabriel had been working relentlessly to pay it off. Ever since Victor's mother left them for a better life in America, Gabriel had to take care of him and his little sister Lily. Gabriel has always tried his hardest to protect him and Lily, so Victor does his best to help Gabriel in return. Talking to Mr. Casey should help Gabriel's situation if not by a little. 
Slipping on a shirt and some clean trousers, he pulled up his suspenders and threw his black cloak around his shoulders, preparing for the harsh weather. He grabbed his shoes and slid them on, tying up the laces. Finally, grabbing his walking stick, he made his way out of the manor and to Mr. Casey. Hopefully Gabriel would be working out of the shop today, that way he had no power to stop him from chatting with his boss. 
Victor strode down the hallway. His pace slowed upon seeing Arthur, their butler placing new lilacs in a vase on the hallway table. Victor never understood the reasoning for non useful furniture. Does one really need a small table to hold a single vase and a doily on it? But at this moment he was grateful for the useless thing as it gave him the opportunity to speak with Arthur. Perfect timing. Victor thought, fixing his coat as he continued to walk towards his faithful butler. Arthur, noticing his master's' presence, turned and bowed with one arm over his stomach as the other placed behind his back.
"Master Victor," The loyal butler said bowing, his golden locks falling forward, covering his face. 
"Stand properly Arthur, and for God's sake man see the barber" he halfheartedly scorned.
"I need you to fetch the carriage and take me to a shop called The Finest. I have important business there and I would prefer it if we did not dally." 
The man straightened back up and smiled. "Why of course Sir." He bowed once more, but before Victor could correct him on his posture, the loyal butler walked away to prepare the coach, his tailcoat swaying behind him. Victor huffed and marched his way to the kitchen, hoping to grab himself a quick meal before he left. 
"Oh, Master Victor. 'How good it is to see you out of your room. The staffs' gotten quite lonely now that Master Gabriel is working and Lady Lily has gone to help her dear friend Marie prepare for her upcoming marriage." The stout lady smiled and offered Victor some pastries as she talked. Her thick scraggly brown hair was poorly held up by a few silver pins, her cheeks decorated with a tint of pink, giving her face a light glow. Her cheeks were chubby and her nose small. 
Taking a pastry, Victor spoke, "I do apologize Helen, but we're not children anymore." Victor paused, biting into the crisp sweet. "We don't have time to play with the staff."
Helen nodded. "I understand Master Victor. You are all older after all." She cracked a smile and trotted off back into the kitchen, humming a small tune and swinging her plump hips.
Victor finished the sweet treat and headed towards the main gate, opening doors as he did so. Once outside in the dreary open air, he hurried towards the readied carriage,tugging at his greatcoat. Arthur tipped his top hat and pushed the back of his tail coat, letting it sway in the air behind him. Opening the carriage door, Arthur bowed and helped his master step into the carriage. 
As Victor stepped inside and took a seat on the red velvety cushion, Arthur closed the door, walked around the carriage, gravel crunching under his feet, and got atop of the coach. Victor slumped against the cushions resting his head on the curtained window, which darkened the inside of the carriage.
He closed his eyes, letting the dull, boring atmosphere of the carriage lull him into a dreamy state. He thought of his brother, Gabriel, whom he cared so much for, always working hard to pay off the debt of his family. He also thought of his sister, Lily, always away on trips with her friends, rarely visiting Gabriel or himself. Oh, how he missed his dear sister, whom he had not seen in the length of a year. 
The coach creaked forward dislodging Victor's head from its place on the curtains, breaking him out of his reverie. Opening his eyes from the sudden start of the carriage, Victor leaned back against the cushion, once again relaxing his shoulders and slumping against the seat. he sighed and hooked a finger behind the red curtain, pulling it towards the end of the window and peaking outside. 
People were scattered across the streets, women and men winding their arms together; children running about, playing with their ball; and animals leashed to street lamps, waiting for their beloved owners to return. The sun shone brightly through the clouds upon the city folk as they walked and talked along the road, men pretending to listen as women clung to their arms and gossiped.
Bored of such sights, Victor uncurled his finger from the curtain and let it fall back into place, once again relaxing against the seat as the coach bumped and sloshed against the road. He closed his eyes, resting his tired brain, and waited upon his arrival to his destination.
               
Upon arriving at the dainty rotting shop, Victor pushed open the door, it creaking as he did so and the small rusted bell jingled. In an instant a foul stench made its way to his nose, invading his nostrils and dominating whatever scents still lingered. With a gloved hand he reached into his pocket and took out his white handkerchief, placing it over his nose and clamping his fingers down so the cloth did not stray from its task.
Relieving his nose from the previous attack, he stepped closer to the rotten desk, papers strewn about the floor and some cluttering the wooden furniture. Victor turned slightly, looking about the damp room. It was eerily quiet, no sound but the creaking of the floor underneath Victor could be heard as he took another step. Was Mr. Casey not in? Should he come back later? He moved closer to the desk and bent forward, looking over it only to see more papers and other such materials. He turned his neck left, and then right, looking for any sign that anyone was here recently. 
No such signs presented itself as he stood straight and thought some more. As more thoughts were continuously invading his mind, the bell jingled behind him, signaling a customer. Victor turned, his eyes focusing on the individual. The man stared right back at him with bored eyes that suddenly brightened as he recognized who he saw. His black greatcoat swayed behind him as he made his towards Victor, hand thrust out in greeting. Victor, complying, extended his arm towards the silver haired man while still holding the hanky to his nose. 
"Victor, my dear boy," The man took his outstretched hand and shook it firmly. "I haven't seen you since you were just a little boy. How have you been?" 
Victor let go of the man’s hand and let it fall back to his side. "Well, considering my family has been in debt to yours since I can remember, quite well actually." He said, wanting to make as little conversation with the head of the Blackmore family as possible. This man was one of the worst he has ever met, and that included his son, Samuel Blackmore, the rotten git.
Victor could hardly stand Lord Blackmore, let alone his son. In fact, he couldn't stand a single one of them. They could all burn for all Victor cared, but he only smiled and hinted at his contempt towards this man’s family. 
Dropping the whole debt topic, Lord Blackmore continued on with the conversation. "What brings you to The Finest? Such a strapping man like yourself shouldn't dwell too long in a rancid place such as this. It could make you start feeling queasy. Trust me, I've been coming down here for years, and every time it makes me feel sick to my stomach." He chuckled, and took in the scent of the room. "Now I see why you have that handkerchief on your nose." He let out another chuckle, taking out his own hanky and clamping it upon his large nose.
Victor nodded and kicked a few papers and metal out from under his feet, trying to find something to occupy himself with. Wanting to be less approachable, he turned and kicked some more papers,sending them flying and floating in the malodorous air. The yellowed paper crunched and tore under his feet as he walked about the room. Deciding to finally answer his question, Victor spoke, "I just came to chat with Mr. Casey is all." He was brief, not wanting to let a Blackmore know of his business. 
"Oh, what a coincidence," Lord Blackmore piped up. "I've also come to see the fat man. He seems to owe my son some papers." 
Victor craned his neck towards Lord Blackmore. "Papers?"
Lord Blackmore's coal eyes bore into his green orbs. "Confidential papers." He spoke matter of factly, taking his hanky off his nose and stuffing it back into his pocket. His large hands slammed on the bell on Mr. Casey's front desk sending a horribly loud clanging throughout the front room. Mr. Blackmore waited a few seconds then banged on the bell harder than before, so hard Victor was amazed that the poor thing did not break. After another short pause the older man turned to Victor and said, "It seems that our host isn't here as of this moment. I suggest we take our leave before the stench of this place consumes us." His fake smile was quickly dissipating as he grabbed the collar of his greatcoat and gave it a gentle tug upwards so that it covered the back of his white neck. The tall, but portly man turned and began to head towards the door. Victor turned to watch him leave and couldn't wait until the door separated them. 
Lord Blackmore then turned his head slightly, only giving Victor the slightest glance. "Oh, and don't go snooping around Victor. You don't want something bad to happen now do you?" The corners of his thin lips twitched into a small devilish smile. Pointing his face forward and out of Victor's sight, he lifted his hand and waved. "Farewell for now." And with that, Lord Blackmore took his leave, jingling the door open and striding off into the damp smoky streets of the slums. 
Scowling in the direction of the corrupt man, Victor yanked his handkerchief from his nose and shoved it in his greatcoat pocket. He hunched his shoulders and clenched his hands into fists, shoving them in his pockets angrily. "Tosser," He mumbled to himself, pushing open the creaking door and trudging back to his carriage. 
A harsh wind blew towards Victor, biting at his pale skin and and blowing his dark hair back. He tilted his head down a bit, trying to avoid the icy wind. Arthur, seeing his master somewhat distressed, hurried over to his side and helped him into the carriage. 
"Careful Master Victor," he spoke, helping Victor up the small metal steps and into the warm cozy coach where he would be safe from the chilling wind. 
"Thank you Arthur, that is all." Victor mumbled graciously, patting Arthur on the shoulder and letting him close the carriage door. Sighing heavily, Victor brought his hand to his chin and stared at the other side of the seat, thinking. Victor felt the carriage lurch forward and horses nay as they did as they were commanded, though none of this mattered to Victor. He wanted to know the Blackmore's secrets, he wanted to expose them for who they really were. Squinting his eyes, he took his fingers from his chin and folded his gloved hands in his lap as he crossed one leg over the other.
His lips turned up into a smirk, eyes sparkling and dimples showing. Things are about to get interesting, He thought wickedly, and squeezed his hands together.
              















CHAPTER THREE


Walking into his manor, Lucian Blackmore tugged his black leather gloves off, tossing them onto the small table beside the double doors. "William!" Lucian called, starting to unbutton his greatcoat. Soft footsteps rang in the empty manor as the boy appeared before him, bowing.
"Yes, my Lord," said the boy, not moving from his current position and waiting to be granted permission to do so. Lucian looked at the boy, his black wavy hair falling in front of his bowed head, coat tail shifting in the light air of the manor. 
"Take off my coat." he ordered as the boy broke from his current stance and moved towards his Master.
"Of course my Lord." The boy diligently walked behind Lucian and proceeded to take his cloak off, in the process, scratching Lord Lucian's neck with his fingernails lightly. Growling in anger, Lucian swung his hand backwards, twisting his body along with it, and backhanding the boy solidly in the face. "Insolent bastard!" he spat.
A deafening slap rang in the manor entryway as the boy's head turned with the hit, a red mark tinting his pale cheek. Slowly turning his head back to his master, he stopped and folded the coat over his arms and bowed. "Forgive me my Lord, I did not mean to hurt you."
Anger boiled in the pit of Lucian's stomach. "Hurt me? You? Hurt me?" he yelled, raising his hand, threatening to yet again hit him. William only stood up and looked into his Masters cold black eyes. 
"I had no such intention to offend you my Lord. I again humbly ask for your forgiveness." Once again the boy bowed before the infuriated man.
"Raise your head boy." the man snapped, lowering his hand and forcibly lifting the boys head up by his chin, not even giving his servant a chance to obey his orders. The young man simply stared up and into the older man's' eyes, not wavering in the slightest.
This only angered Lucian more, his face turning pink with rage. "You impertinent servant." the man slapped him again. "You're lucky to even work for this family." another slap. "Show some damn respect for your owner, pest."
William's cheek burned from the multiple slaps though he did not dare give the abusive man the satisfaction by wearing the pain on his face. His bright blue eyes held no emotion, his pink lips stayed firm and unmoving as did his limbs. He breathed calmly as if he was never beat at all, and his hair loosely clung to his cheeks, framing his face beautifully. 
Nostrils flaring, hands fisted, and hair free from its previous slicked back state, Lord Lucian grabbed and pulled at his servants hair roughly, throwing him to the marbled floor. His eyes burned with rage and his face twisted nastily as he kicked the young man in the gut. "Insignificant," more kicks followed his insults, "Useless," another hard kick to the gut.
William's arms folded behind his head as his legs curled up to protect his stomach from the relentless onslaught. Shutting his eyes tightly as well as his mouth, William waited until Lord Lucian was done abusing him. This was a constant thing, though his son, Samuel, was crueler verbally than physically, telling William the same thing over and over as if it would intimidate him. 
Soon the pain in his abdomen grew numb and he could no longer feel the incessant blows to his stomach. He tried tuning Lord Lucian's insults out, but they were too loud and obnoxious to ignore. William grunted as a harsher and more solid blow rammed into him.
"That's right you negligible being. How worthless you are." a bell suddenly rang throughout the manor, signaling for Lord Lucian's meal. Catching the man's attention, he stopped kicking the poor boy and fixed his tousled hair. 
"Next time I will not be so lenient boy."
William stayed in place, knowing that if he moved he would only be punished more. 
"Clean up.” Lord Lucian bellowed as he walked off into the dining room, his shoes clacking against the golden marbled floor. 
   

"William," Samuel called, snapping his fingers as he read the paper on the sofa, his long legs stretching across the furniture. The lamps lit the chamber, setting it in a nice glow, giving it an alluring look to it. The sconces barely lightened the room, but made it feel more like home to Samuel. He never felt truly comfortable in the manor unless the sconces were lit. 
He shifted in his seat as he heard quiet shuffling advancing towards him and cloth crinkling as the servant bowed.
"Yes, master," the boy spoke, waiting for an order.
Samuel averted his gaze from the paper and looked at his servant, scanning him and then looking back at the paper.
"Looks like my father didn't hold back this time. Though you do cover it up well William, you'll have to try better than that." he flipped a page and read over its contents, hazel eyes sweeping past the information.
"If I may say master, I did not try to cover it up. I simply dusted myself off and came directly to you, master." he uttered, not moving from his current position. 
"Well aren't you the perfect servant." Samuel sneered, closing the newspaper shut and folding it back into place, setting it on the dining table. "Go and get me some warm tea, I'm feeling parched."
William only stood silently for a moment before making his way towards the kitchen, shutting the parlor door softly behind him as he did so. 
Samuel sighed and slid his fingers through his sleek hair, and massaged his temples, relieving some of the stress from his mind. His father had told him earlier that the worm of a man wasn't there to give him the papers, and also that Victor Collins' was there. He was even filthier than Mr.Casey. A Collins'. What was Victor Collins' doing in that place, though he couldn't argue that the Collins' family belonged in the foulest of places. 
Bending his legs and turning towards the dining table, Samuel sat properly and crossed his legs, folding his arms over his knees as he did so. Curious, Samuel wanted to pry deeper and uncover Victor's whereabouts. The corners of his lips curved upward, giving a sly look to him. He had the perfect plan and no one, absolutely no one was going to get in the way of it. He would make sure of that.
As he leered, William had walked back in, holding a silver tray that carried his hot tea. 
"Your tea master." William set the tray down upon the beautifully carved wooden table and bent his upper body forward, bowing. 
The corners of Samuel's lips fell in disdain. "Yes, yes you may leave now." he waved him off, reaching for the imported china cup that held his tea. William nodded, stood straight, and took his leave, shutting the door quietly on his way out. Samuel slipped his fingers through the handle of the teacup, lifting it up, and gently bringing it to his thin lips. Sipping on the warm sweet liquid, Samuel, not having anything better to do, he looked around the room, taking in all of the details, though none were important. He'd seen this room more than a thousand times and nothing had changed except for the wallpaper which his mother altered every couple of months or so. Some days it was red roses or yellow daisies and others it was just the greens of the leaves entwining. This time the wallpaper held purple tulips and vines that intertwined all of the individual flowers together. He sighed. Couldn't his mother have picked out better wallpaper? He swore that woman was flower crazed. Why have such flowers in this household? Mother knows that father doesn't like them, yet she persists that there be something bright in this manor for once. He sighed again and took a few more sips of the dark fluid, taking in the warmth of it.
He thought, Speaking of mother, she hasn't been back home in a month now. He smiled slightly at the thought of his mother and her sweetness. If only she were here now. He mused, wrapping his bare hands around the small cup, filling his thoughts of his mother. 
A knock at the door broke Samuel out of his reverie. Startled, he set his half full cup back on the tray gently, not wanting to spill the remaining liquid. He relaxed against the sofa and spoke, "You may come in." He folded his hands in his lap and watched the door as it opened and revealed his father.
"Father?" Samuel questioned, raising a brow at him in curiosity. "What brings you here at this hour? Shouldn't you be looking over the business papers?" His father only stepped in and shut the door behind him. 
"Don't tell me what I should and shouldn't be doing son." he paused and looked at him, hands behind his back. "Don't question me either, you know better." He sat opposite of him on the red velvet chair. Samuel nodded and leaned forward as if to hear his father more clearly. Lord Blackmore rested his back against the chair, curling his fingers together, face as pale as the snow. 
"We have some important matters to discuss."
           










CHAPTER FOUR

Limping down the dark deserted street, Gabriel was making his way to the manor, drunkards stumbling and bumping into him as he did so. He grunted as another drunk fool staggered into him and banged into his shoulder roughly. Glaring at the intoxicated man, he continued to limp across the dark road, hoping that no trouble came about. "Damn drunkards," Gabriel mumbled, clearly irritated. "They're going to get themselves killed being in this part of town." he murmured bitterly, not caring much about their fate, just merely stating it. 
"Hey, you...there," a man slurred from behind Gabriel, stumbling his way over to him. Gabriel sighed and turned around to look at the clod. The man wore a top hat, which conveniently covered his face, and a waist coat, no greatcoat to be seen. Must have gotten it stolen poor chap. Gabriel observed. The man got closer and slung his arm around Gabriel's shoulders, pulling him closer so that their faces were almost touching. He could smell the alcohol on his breath as the man hiccupped and whispered dryly.
"Got any booze?"
Gabriel's eyes shifted to the man's dark face, his teeth were yellowed and chipped, eyes as red as blood, and his thin hair clinging to his forehead with sweat. His face creased disgustingly as his smile widened, revealing more of his ill looking mouth, the street lamps illuminating his teeth in the most disturbing way. Gabriel internally shuttered and grabbed the man's arm and forced it off of his shoulders, his back no longer being weighed down by that drunks heavy limb. 
"If you're looking for alcohol I would look elsewhere if I were you." Gabriel spat bitterly, scrunching his nose in contempt. 
The man squinted his eyes and pointed his finger at him in accusation, his nails were as yellow as his teeth and they were just as chipped.
"Don't you hide that booze from me you youngin'." he snorted, the corner of his mouth twitching as he did so.
Gabriel, getting annoyed, smacked the man's dirty finger away. 
"Don't you point that thing at me you drunkard. I have better things to do then to deal with the likes of you." he spun in his heel and limped as fast as he could away from the man. 
"Don't you run away you coward," he slurred, stumbling after him. "Give me your booze. I know you have some," he heard the man shuffle behind him, getting closer and closer.
"Excuse me sir," a voice chimed. "But I do believe you are disturbing this man." Gabriel turned towards the familiar voice and saw none other than his younger brother, holding the man's arm that was reaching out for Gabriel. The cold night wind blowing in their direction, making Victor's hair sway softly behind him. "Please do me a favor and leave him alone." Victor smiled and roughly shoved the man's arm away from him.
The man grumbled and shuffled away with his hands swaying from side to side, looking for another person to go bug. As Gabriel watched the man leave, he never noticed that Victor was instantly at his side, lifting an arm over his shoulder and supporting some of Gabriel's weight.
"Are you okay brother?" he asked worriedly, his brows knitting together. 
Gabriel only chuckled, "I'm fine, I'm fine." he smiled at his brothers concern and Gabriel being utterly exhausted, accepted the help from him. "Thank you Victor, but why are you here of all places?" he inquired, moving along with his brothers assistance. 
Victor only smirked victoriously, "Helping you of course." Gabriel chuckled at his brothers playful joke. 
"Be serious, why are you here?" he asked, smiling. 
Gabriel felt Victor move and adjust his arm more securely around his brothers shoulder and pulled him up more, Victor carrying most of his weight. 
"I snuck out," Victor responded coolly, wrapping an arm around his older siblings waist and holding him up more, making sure that he doesn't fall. 
"I thought that was obvious enough."     
Gabriel shook his head, a small smile adorning his face. 
"Yes, but why exactly are you here?" 
"I had some business to take care of, that's all."
Gabriel stopped, which in turn made Victor stop as well. Victor, being taken aback, stumbles backward towards his brother.
"Gah, wh-what was that all about?" he demanded, huffing loudly.
Gabriel turned his face towards his brother, dark hair falling in front of his green eyes. 
"Now, does this have anything to do with my condition?"
Victor's eyes widened only the slightest bit only to form back into its original state. 
"I have no idea what you're chatting on about. Now let's go." He pulled on his siblings arm trying to edge him forward only to have Gabriel yank him back. Victor made another disgruntled sound and looked up at the taller sibling, glaring slightly. 
"I promise I'm not lying." Victor stated.
Gabriel only snorted, "You're promises are as good as dirt. Not even last week did you promise me you would pay a visit to Aunt Claudia. Next day she comes by and tells me you never showed up." 
The smaller of the two only waved his hand about. "That was one time." He closed his eyes and smiled slightly, trying to get out of this sticky situation, but Gabriel only gave him a disbelieving look.
"One time? You're a bloody liar that's what you are. Don't you remember when we were younger and you promised that you would organize your room for mum?" he questioned, pointing a calloused finger at him. "We all saw how that turned out. You're the messiest out of the whole family." Victor grabbed his finger gently and sighed, removing it from his line of sight.
"So? What's your point?" Victor inquired, looking at his brother. The eldest only smirked and raised his bare finger again, opening his mouth slightly and then closing it abruptly, trying to find out what his actual point was. His finger curled slowly and his eyes wandered elsewhere as the younger brother smirked. His plan to dissuade Gabriel had worked, way too perfectly. Victor snickered and held back onto his brother. 
"Come on, you need your rest for work tomorrow." 
Gabriel grasped at his brothers greatcoat, holding onto it firmly. He looked up at the dark smoky air, thinking; trying to figure out what his point was. He was so focused on proving Victor wrong about keeping his promises that he got lost in the conversation and had forgotten what the whole "argument" was about.
He looked back to the wet cobblestone underneath him, racking his brain for the information it had previously lost. He murmured, "My point, my......point....." This made Victor chuckle quietly and hurry his brother on home.
   

Genevieve slept, her eyes moving back and forth under her pale eyelids, dreaming unhappy dreams. Her thin brows knitted together, mouth parted slightly, chapped from the cold night air. She made small noises of distress, tossing and turning in her silken sheets now drenched in sweat. She suddenly let out a high pitched scream, bolting upright in her bed, her hand over her accelerating heart. "My God," she whispered, feeling her heart rate slowly return to normal.
Strands of auburn hair clung to her cheeks and forehead as did it cover the whole back of her neck. She wiped her brow with the back of her hand, transferring the damp substance onto her white hand. A loud knock brought her out of her trance and back to reality. 
"Miss Genevieve, Miss Genevieve, are you alright? Please answer the door Miss." more hurried knocks pounded on her bedroom door.
She looked at the door and parted her dry lips, "Come in Nettie," the maiden opposite the door let out a sigh of relief and opened it, illuminating the dark room in a light glow. Genevieve squinted her golden orbs as she tried to see Nettie clearly. The maiden quickly walked towards the other girl, setting the candle lamp down and checking all of Genevieve's vital signs. 
"Oh my, Miss, you're sweating like a pig you are." the woman touched the back of her hand to Genevieve's clammy forehead. "Burning up too. You must have a fever." she bent and looped her fingers through the handle that held the candle, picking it back up. "Now you stay right in bed Miss and I'll be right back with some clean sheets." the woman turned, nightgown swaying in the darkness along with her let down golden hair, and made her way out of the room to fetch some clean linens.

Genevieve lay back against the damp bed, swinging an arm over her face, exhausted. What a nightmare, she thought, shuddering. There's no way. Absolutely no way that could happen. She pursed her cracked lips, shaking her head in disbelief. It was just a dream Genevieve. Just a dream. She calmed her breathing and tried not to think about this terrible nightmare. 
The floor creaked as soft footsteps made their way up to her room, entering once more. 
"I have some new sheets for you Miss. They're nice and dry for you too." The weary girl on the bed removed her arm from her face, looking at her maiden. 
"Nettie, do you think," she paused and thought over her question.
"Do you think that dreams can relate to the near future in reality? Or can they even have anything to do with the real world?"
Her maiden paused and set the sheets on one of the stools in the room and the candle on the small wooden desk. She sat next to the other young girl and brought a warm wet cloth to her forehead, rubbing the sticky sweat away. 
She spoke softly, dabbing at Genevieve's brow, "My Lady, you mustn't think too much into your dream. They can be tricky to put together. They can either be true or not, resemble the past or future, you may never really know, but please do not stress out over it. You will only worry your parents and those around you." She ceased dabbing at her temples and looked directly into her piercing bluish, gold eyes. 
"I am not one to tell you what you should do Miss, but please take my advice into consideration. You may find that it is better to not have known, then to have known at all." The gentle maiden looked back at her, pressing the now cold cloth to her brow. 
Genevieve glanced up at her friend and caretaker, 
"Thank you Nettie, I will heed your advice."     
The fair haired girl nodded and gave her a thankful smile, setting the cloth down next to the candle, wax now dripping off of the sides and onto the small silver tray, and helped Genevieve off of her soaked bed. Nettie quickly replaced the sweat soaked sheets with new, dry ones. Genevieve gave a nod of thanks and made a move to get back in her newly made bed. 
"Now now Miss," Nettie looked at her, hands on her hips. "We must get you out of those clothes and into a cool tub to bring down that fever. Come, come." She held her hand out.
Genevieve whined, not wanting to leave the comfort of her bedroom. 
"But Nettie," she whimpered.
Nettie only smiled and reached out for her Lady's hand, helping her gently and quietly out of the room.
   











CHAPTER FIVE


 Victor sat at his desk, sipping on his unsweetened tea and flipping through a new book that his Uncle George had sent him from Paris. Supposedly his Uncle and his Aunt Claudia were just visiting the country, but it has been eight years since he's seen them. He figured they weren't coming back until their family had been completely out of debt, though they still found money to spend. Not wanting to spend any more time thinking of his leech like family, he focused his attention back to the book. He had to admit, it was quite interesting for a French novel. The characters, plot, everything was set up perfectly, unlike any other French book he had read, this one had risen above them all. His eyes were glued to each and every enticing page. His eyes drinking in every word as he absorbed every intoxicating detail.

He took another sip of his tea and set it back down as a small tap sounded upon his door. 
"Nobody's in here." he declared as he flipped a page. 

A sweet voice sang back, "I don't believe youuu," then a giggle. 
Victor's eyes widened and a smile graced his lips. Lily. He thought happily, setting his now unimportant novel down on his desk and rushing over to the door. He gripped the golden handle tightly, turned it and swung the door open. There stood his beloved sister with her thin arms outstretched to him, a bright smile adorning her white face, sparkling green eyes looking lovingly at him. Her black hair ran like waves down her back, her bright baby blue dress hugging her gently.
"Vicky," she chirped. Victor only smiled at the playful nickname and walked towards her, embracing her and wrapping his arms around her slim waist. His chin rested on her shoulder as he bent to match her height. 
"Lily," he whispered happily, closing his eyes and squeezing his sister gently. "I've missed you."
Her smile brightened as she rubbed his back affectionately. 
"I missed you too Vicky," she breathed, releasing Victor from the sweet embrace. "How have you been?" she asked, holding his shoulders with her hands and squeezing them as her smile widened. Victor let go of her waist and chuckled, bringing his fingers to his lips. 
"Well why don't we go to the dining room first before we begin our conversation. I'm sure we both have lots to tell." he smiled and grabbed her wrists lightly, making her let go of his shoulders and placing them down at her sides. She nodded and swung her parasol in the direction of the dining room. 
"We shall feast until our bellies are full and our mouths are tired." giggling, she sauntered off to their anticipated repast.
He laughed lightly and gently grabbed her shoulder. "It's been too long Lily." he chuckled once more. "The dining room's this way." he pointed in the opposite direction. She turned her head in the direction he was pointing, back still facing Victor. She huffed and stuck her nose up towards the ceiling and closing her eyes pretended a haughty air. 
"I knew that, idiot."
 Victor only smiled and held back another oncoming chuckle. '

 









They sat at the large dining table, crumpets, various pastries, small cakes, and tea were set at the table all to Lily's liking. The chandelier glittered in the rare sunlight, leaving sparkles and shiny glittering shapes on the tapestry that hung from the walls. The sconces having yet to be lit in the dimming daylight.
Victor and his younger sibling chatted and discussed various topics, giggling and laughing at some of the stories, enjoying themselves thoroughly throughout the whole conversation. The staff smiled softly at the reunited siblings, though one has yet to come home.
"Did you really slap him?" Victor laughed, taking another bite of the strawberry cake.
"Of course I did." she giggled, "He deserved it." She poked at her cake with her fork, smiling. "So," she smirked cheerfully, "How's Genevieve doing?" 
Victor sighed and rolled his green orbs. "She's as annoying as ever." he stated, placing his fork down on the white cloth. "Why?"
"Well, I heard from a little blue bird that she may like you." she said, twisting her handkerchief in her hand nervously. 
"Why should I care if she likes me?"
Her mouth set in a thin line, no longer smiling, and crossing her arms over her chest. "Victor, you be nice to that poor thing." she ordered, picking up her spoon and pointing it at him threateningly. "She has shed enough tears thanks to you." she scolded him, waving her spoon about as she continued threatening him.
Victor rolled his eyes again and groaned. "Yes, yes I'll try and be nice. But I can make no promises." He crossed his arms over his chest as well, looking away from his sister and towards the floral wall. 
She gave him a small smile, "Well that's no surprise Vicky. Our whole family knows that you're promises are as genuine as you." 
He snapped his head toward her, smile gracing his lips once more. 
"Now that is quite rude coming from a lady." He said, crossing his legs and giving her a funny look. She folded her arms over each other and uncrossed her legs, dress crinkling as she did so. They stared each other down until one of them, both of them not knowing who, started laughing. "That was absolutely ridiculous." he laughed, trying to catch his breath.
Lily, also laughing, wiped a tear from her eye, careful not to ruin her makeup. "Oh, Vicky I just can't stay mad at you." giggling, she wiped yet another stray tear from the corner of her eye.
He held his abdomen, calming his breath down from the sudden outburst.
"So, how was the wedding with your friend Marie?" Now this question had got her positively ecstatic. Her whole body went rigid for a split second, processing the current question, and then it was if she melted. Her face shone as bright as the sun as she spoke.
"Ohhhh, it was unquestionably perfect Vicky." she squealed, wrapping her arms around herself and clacking her shoes against the tiled floor, making a loud echo throughout the dining room. "I want one Vicky, I want one so bad." she pouted and stopped knocking the heels of her shoes against the white tile. Victor examined his dear sister and wondered why she went from giddy to troubled. He tilted his head to the side and reached his hand across the table, opening his palm up to her, offering comfort. She glanced at his pale hand and slipped her small one in his, soaking in the warmth of it. 
"Marie just looked so happy when she got married. Everyone clapped as they held hands and kissed." she smiled to herself, "I want something like that." the corner of her pink lips twitched in uneasiness
He squeezed her hand comfortingly and gave her a soft gentle smile. "You will," he said honestly. "And I'll make sure that it's to the best man ever." he paused and pointed at his chest with his thumb and smirked. Setting his hand back down on the table with the other and folding it over his sister's hand warmly. "Well, second best. I mean you deserve the best but since we are related second best will have to do." He jested.
She giggled and smacked his hand with her free one. He laughed and let her hand go of its small prison. 
"You joke too much," she looked at him and smirked slightly. "Did anyone ever tell you that?" she asked rhetorically. 
"Well let's see," he rested his back against the upholstered chair, looking up at the chandelier and holding up his hands. "There was you, of course, mom, Gabriel, father; way too many times may I add," he continued as he counted on his fingers, "Helen, Arthur, and many random individuals too." He held his hands up a little further and wiggled his fingers. "As you can see, there's too many to count so I can't keep a real track record of it." he said as he smirked and leaned forward, bending his arms and resting his elbows on the table.
She shook her head, black locks waving and curling around her face.
"You are completely hopeless." she cracked a smile and let out a soft giggle. "When does Gabriel get home? I want to see him soon." she had stopped giggling and had folded her hands in her lap, waiting for his response.
"He should be home soon, though he would've been home sooner if it weren't for his boss." he said, taking a sip of some of the now cold tea. Pursing his lips and swallowing the bitter drink, he slid the teacup and plate away from himself, adjusting the the cloth napkin in his lap.
"What? Why is he keeping him there so late?" she asked, exasperated.
Victor fiddled with his silverware and looked up at his younger sibling. "I haven't the slightest clue."
Angry, Lily stood up, palms flat against the dining table.
"How dare they," she seethed, cheeks becoming inflamed with anger. "How dare they keep my brother there. He works too hard for this family to be treated like such a mutt. Telling him what to do, how to do it, and when to do it." she hit her palm against the table angrily, making the silverware rattle. "We are going over there and we are taking him home." she ordered, rounding the corners of the table and grabbing Victor by his arm roughly, wrinkling his white shirt and pulling him out of his seat. 
"Take me to Gabriel, now!" she shouted, staring Victor down until he started to move quickly, telling Arthur to prepare the coach and grabbing his greatcoat.
 Wiping the sweat from his brow, Gabriel went back to hammering the hot iron, shaping it into a hook like figure. A man from Wales had wanted it for a seemingly unknown reason and Gabriel had to make it for him. He wasn't the most skilled but he could forge this iron easily and the faster he got it done, the faster he could go home. He grunted as he swung another blow at the curved object.
A crash had come from the room next to him, breaking Gabriel of any thoughts he may have previously had. He quietly set his hammer down, and looked at the room next to him, never taking his eyes away as he slowly made his way closer to the sound. Whispering took place right after the crash, angry whispering. The whispering had gotten louder as the intruders made their way closer in his direction. 
He had barely heard them as they talked. "What's wrong with you? What if someone heard us?" a female voice scolded.
"It was an accident. It's not like I meant to." a male voice responded, an all too familiar voice at that. Gabriel quirked a brow and made his way into the other room, breaking from his stealthy posture.
"Victor what are you doing here....." he paused, stopping in his tracks as he spotted his little sister, her baby blue dress dirtied with coal and other such various dusts. "Lily," he breathed, a smile forming on his lips. "My dear sister," she held up her dress as she turned her head and stopped scolding Victor, a smile brightening her features.
"Gabby," she beamed, making her way towards her eldest brother, stepping over the varied metals. She stumbled and fell into his broad chest, clinging to his grimy and sweat stained shirt. He wrapped his arms around her, hugging her close, not caring if she got dirty in the process. She was so happy to see her other brother, she snaked her arms around his neck, lacing her fingers together so he couldn't get away. "Gabriel," she sighed happily. "I've missed you." 
He smiled and pulled back slightly, arms still around each other, "I've missed you too Lily. You've grown so much since I last saw you." 
She snorted, "What are you, father?" he only chuckled and pulled her in for another hug.
"Though your attitude hasn't changed one bit. You're the same sassy Lily." Victor chuckled quietly behind them, bringing his hand to his lips as if to cover his little laugh.
"I heard that Victor," Lily chimed, peeking over Gabriel's shoulder to glare at him playfully. Then looking back at the eldest sibling she smiled and spoke, "Let's go home Gabby." she stopped hugging him and tugged at his sleeve, grime now covering the front of her dress. 
Gabriel shook his head and craned his neck, all of his weariness coming back in a rush, looking in the direction of the other room he was previously in. "I have to finish smithing a hook for a customer. He's picking it up tomorrow morning." 
Lily sighed as Victor strutted over to the side of his brother. "How long will it take to complete?" Victor asked, placing his hand upon the older siblings shoulder and squeezing it gently. 
Gabriel looked down at his brother, "Not much, I only have to hammer it a few more times and cool it off in the barrel." he said, not taking his gaze off of his brother. 
Victor sighed patting his shoulder. "Then I guess we'll just have to wait with you." he smiled and took Lily's hand in his, pulling her towards the other lit room. Gabriel grinned and followed after them, leaving the dusty and dim room behind. 

 











CHAPTER SIX


The three siblings walked hand in hand, Lily being in the middle of them as they made their way home. The cold air sweeping past them as they laughed and skipped in the dark street, the street lamps being their only source of light. 
"Now why didn't we bring Arthur and the carriage with us again?" Lily shivered, squeezing her brothers hands for warmth. They squeezed her small hands back gently as Victor answered her.
"Because, Arthur would have made it boring. You know him, he's always so serious. And I thought a little adventure with just the three of us like when we were younger would be fun."
Gabriel chuckled as Lily giggled. "How unlike you Vicky." 
Victor rolled his eyes, grinning slightly. "I am most certainly not too serious. I'm just,” he paused, thinking of the right word. "Solemn. Yes, I’m just solemn." Gabriel and Lily's eyes met, giving each other a look that said that their sibling was just in denial of himself.
Victor, seeing this little exchange, frowned at them. "I really dislike you both sometimes." he jested, pouting like a child.
The older sibling, laughing at the younger one, looked at him. "You truly are a child Victor, acting like that." 
"So what if I am you old codger?" he quipped, a smirk making its mark on his mouth, causing his dimples to show. 
Gabriel gasped and held his free hand to his heart, acting hurt. "Codger?" he pushed his bottom lip forward, pouting. 
The youngest of them all laughed at their silly antics and swung their hands that she grasped. "Stop it now," she stopped and looked up, smiling. "We're home." They both looked up with her, staring at the once white manor that was now grayed by time. They all stepped forward, gravel crunching below their feet as they took more steps toward the gates. Gabriel let go of Lily's hand and pushed on the tall gates, creaking as they opened for him. 
The three of them made their way into the manor, walking past the rose bushes and water fountain. Stepping out of the cold night air and into the warmth of the manor, the siblings made their way to the dining room, chatting all the while. 





Upon hearing the doors to the manor open, Louise came jogging down the corridor, her shoes clacking against the white marbled floor. "Ohhh I know that clack anywhere." Victor said, smiling. "She's not going to handle this well." snickering, he brought his gloved hand to his mouth.
At that moment, Louise round the corner and screeched as she saw Lily's dress. "Miss Collins, whatever happened to your dress?" she inquired, stepping towards the girl and taking her grimy dress in her white gloved hands. "Oh, Miss," she said, crestfallen, wrinkling the worn dress in her tiny fists. "Your poor dress." Louise sniffled, bringing the dress to her face and wiping away the oncoming tears.
Lily stroked the servants’ head, her brown ragged hair clinging to Lily's laced glove. "It's okay Louise, I have plenty more dresses." The servant sobbed into the filthy cloth as Victor and Gabriel looked at each other, lost for words. "You know what, why don't you make a new one Louise? I know how much you love making me dresses." The servant looked up at her Lady and let out a choked sob and smile, happy of her request.
Grabbing Lily's free hand between hers, Louise pulled her. "Then I must get started right away Miss. I shall not waste a moment." Lily nodded at the teary eyed girl and let her drag her away, waving and giggling goodbye to her brothers.
"Well there goes our sister, off saving a poor maidens heart." Victor waved back slightly as his sister was dragged around the corner, her giggles echoing throughout the halls. Gabriel nodded as a response and shoved his hands in his pockets, grinning.
"She really has grown up though." he chuckled and bent his down, closing his eyes. "How long has it been again?"
"Two years." Victor paused, "Two long years." he also shoved his hands in his trouser pockets, smiling softly. "I hope she doesn't leave soon." 
Gabriel nodded his head and looked at his brother. “Me too."









CHAPTER SEVEN


Samuel rode in his carriage, William guiding the horses in the direction to which Samuel wanted. He opened the curtains, looking down upon all of the other citizens, groveling and dirty, mud staining their faces, clothes torn and shredded. Samuel grimaced as he continued to look about the small town, gray sky above and gray stone below. No matter where he looked it was dull and gray. 
His eyes widened as he saw something beautiful, or rather someone. She strolled down the road, parasol in hand, black hair waving down her back and some strands hanging around her well rounded face. Her blue dress hugged her waist beautifully as she glided towards her destination, men tipping their hats to her, women curtsying and chatting with her for a bit. The girl smiled and waved the women goodbye as she continued her journey. Samuel couldn't take his eyes off of her, her white skin almost glowing, pink full lips parting as she breathed in the smoky air. It was as if she was the light in this old dank town.
But she was soon gone as the carriage wheeled around a corner, the horses trotting along the muddy road. Samuel was stupefied, his heart raced, and he could feel his cheeks start to burn with just the thought of her. He held his gloved hand to his ever racing heart and looked up at the carriage ceiling, it's black velvet lining not distracting him from his thoughts. Lily! She was back from America, she was the only woman who had ever made him feel this yearning, this love for another person. "I have to see her." He quietly says to himself. 
It felt like he sat there for hours, thinking about her, his heart aching and yearning anew, until the carriage stopped and William got off of the driver’s seat, shoes clacking against the wet cobblestone. Samuel quickly composed himself, adjusting his black tie and greatcoat. He sat upright, looked forward and waited until William had reached the door. 
It opened with a click and Samuel looked in the servants’ direction as William held out his hand, offering help to his master. Samuel smacked it away and sat up, getting out of the carriage by himself, stepping on each of the metal steps. 
William stood by the coach, staring straight ahead, and waiting for his master. As soon as Samuel exited the carriage, William had stepped behind him shutting the door closed, ready to follow the other man.
Samuel looked down at his servant. "Don't embarrass me or else." he threatened as he turned his back to him and strode down the road and to The Finest. He stuffed his hands in his greatcoat pockets, protecting his them, even though gloved, from the chilly air. William strode behind his master, the icy wind biting at his pale skin, making his cheeks and nose pink.




















The two men made their way to the busted shop, Samuel pushing a bustling crowd out of their way as they did so. Upon arriving there, William opened the door for his master, the rusted bell jingling as Samuel entered it. "Nothing has changed since the last time I was here." Samuel said, to no one in particular. He walked past the the scraps of metal and crumpled papers, making his way towards the desk. "Your time's up you dirty rat." he shouted, his voice booming throughout the small shop. 
Hurried shuffling came from the back of the shop, making it's way toward the young man who glared towards the sound. Mr. Casey stumbled out of the doorway, papers in hand. "I-I found them my Lord." the stubby man stuttered, sliding any unimportant papers and metal' from the splintered desk and setting the records of information in its place. "Here they are, just as you asked m-my Lord." The beady eyed man glanced up at him nervously, shaking and twiddling his grubby fingers together. 
Samuel snapped his fingers, making the large man flinch. William was instantly by his master's side; sliding his fingers under the stack of papers and picking them up carefully as to not drop any. The young lord smirked, "Next time you're late for an order of mine, expect not to see the shine of the sun or the gray of the clouds ever again." he threatened, stressing on the word ever. The filthy shop owner nodded nervously, "Of c-course my Lord." 
William wrapped a band around the pile of papers, binding them together so they would not blow away in the wind. Samuel, feeling triumphant, strode past the door, William following close behind him, papers in hand. 
Now all he had to do was a little forgery to conceal the fact that the Collins's debt had been cleared earlier in the year, It was so very important to keep those do-gooders bound to his family.
Walking back to the carriage, Samuel yet again saw Lily rounding a corner further up the street and his face instantly flushed, stopping in his tracks and almost making William bump into him. "Are you alright master?" William asked, stepping out from behind him and standing by his side as people made their way around them. Samuel snapped out of it as soon as William's toneless voice reached him. 
"I-I’m fine you idiot." he stammered, looking away from the only thing he loved in the world and stuffing his hands in his pockets, trudging in the opposite direction of the carriage. William, confused, followed his master nonetheless, tailcoat swinging around as he turned. 
 










CHAPTER EIGHT

Finding himself hungry, Victor swung his long legs off of the sofa and stood up, now making his way to the kitchen. He wore just his white shirt, his black suspenders hanging from his waist and resting on his trousers. As he got closer to the kitchen he heard soft voices speaking to each other, not trying to conceal, nor trying to exhibit their conversation. 
"This will not do at all Helen." it was Arthur's voice. "You know Lady Genevieve doesn't like roast, she would much prefer ham and potatoes." Victor stopped upon hearing Genevieve's name and then quickly stomped into the kitchen. 
"Why is Genevieve coming over?" he asked, glaring. 
The two servants jumped and turned towards their master. "Lord Victor," Arthur said, straightening the front of his tailcoat and buttons. Pulling out his pocket watch, he raised his white gloved hand and snapped. "Helen, hurry and start dinner before our guest arrives." The plump woman huffed, wiping more flour on her messy apron, and walked to the far end of the kitchen to pull out the potatoes from their bin. 
"Why is Genevieve visiting our manor?" Victor repeated himself, clenching his bare hands into fists. He was stressed enough as it was and he wasn't too keen on having such an irritating girl over right now. 
Arthur looked up from his watch, sliding it back in his pocket and faced his master. "Lady Genevieve has been invited over this evening by Miss Lily. She wished to chat with her and discuss personal matters." His gray eyes looked over his master as his lips shifted and turned into a small smile. "Miss Lily made it clear not to convey such....," he paused, wracking his brain for the correct word. " Issues." he said, lips not ceasing to smile.
Victor scoffed unclenching his hands, noticing many little crimson half-moons glittering on his palms, the blood starting to seep out from where his fingernails had been forced into the soft skin. Hurriedly he crossed his arms over his chest and shifted his weight onto his left leg, trying to look more formidable, but only ending up looking childish in the process. "So you're saying she's keeping secrets." Victor stated bluntly, tapping the tip of his shoe against the kitchen tile.
The butlers smile, nor eyes wavered from his master as he shook his head and sighed quietly. "I did not say such things Master Victor." The man’s blond strands were swept back by his hand, sliding forward again instantly as his hand left them. "You know women don't you Master Victor, they love to gossip." he asked rhetorically, not expecting a response in return. 
Victor opened his mouth to speak, but at the same moment, Arthur piped back up. "If you'll excuse me Master Victor, I have some errands to attend to." and with that, the butler, strode past Victor and out of the kitchen, the door thumping closed as his footsteps grew softer the farther away he went. 
Speechless, Victor closed his mouth back up and clicked his tongue in annoyance, uncrossing his arms. "Bastard," Victor grumbled, looking once again at his palms.
"Oh don't take it to 'eart Masta' Victor. 'E means well and you know 'ow Miss Lily always confides in that man for advice." Helen's voice chimed in. "She's probably just nervous is all."                                           
The young man sighed and stood straight. "Yes, you may be right."
"It's good that you're actually listenin' to me instead of ignoring my words. Now if you wouldn't mind Masta' Victor, I must get back to cooking this ham and choppin' these potatoes." The sound of a knife slicing and thumping against the flat board of wood resonated in the large kitchen. Victor nodded and took his leave from the kitchen, to seek out his sister. A voice suddenly sounded from the kitchen. "Oh and you won't find Miss Lily, she's out." Victor grumbled some more and decided to head back to his room to clean his hands. 
"Oh," a small cry sounded from in front of him as he bumped into Louise, holding the blue silk needed for Lily's new dress. "My apologies Master Victor," she bowed slightly, the mound of silk cutting her off from bowing any lower than a few inches. 
He chuckled softly at her state and grabbed the silk from her small hands. "No need to apologize Louise, just show me where you're taking this." 
She slapped her hands in her hips, pulling her white dress up an inch by the waist. "Now Master Victor I cannot allow you to do such things for me." 
Victor only chuckled some more and turned his back on her. "Fine, if you won't tell me I’ll just put it somewhere where you can't reach." he teased, making fun of her short stature. She gasped, her mouth parting and staying slightly ajar, hands gripping her hips tighter.
"How rude," she stated, stomping towards him, taking her hands off of her hips and dropping them to her sides in small fists. Her face flushing with slight annoyance. "Now Master Victor," she pointed her finger at him, "What have you gotten all over that new silk" Says the woman as she makes a clumsy swipe toward the cloth. "Don't make me tell Miss Lily about this." she threatened.
The tall man stopped in his tracks and craned his neck only to smirk at her and walks off with the fine silk. The maidens chocolate orbs widen as she hurries after him. "Master Victor,"









CHAPTER NINE


Nettie tightened the purple bow in Genevieve's now braided hair that was twisted into a delicate bun. Auburn strands fell from the tight bun, falling and tickling her rosy cheeks as the maiden continued to add small purple bows in her hair. "We must have you looking your best for Lord Victor my Lady." Nettie spoke, smiling into the golden framed mirror, looking at Genevieve. "He won't resist you after i'm done with you." she said giddily, excited for her Lady.
Genevieve only sighed and looked down into her lap where her white gloved hands lay. "I doubt he'll even look at me Nettie. He only thinks of me as a nuisance." She picked at her white trimmed dress, that was stained purple. 
"Now now my Lady," she urged, checking Genevieve's hair for any mistakes. "You really mustn't get down on yourself like that. Who knows, he might even get drunk or something and you could possibly take advantage of his vulnerability." 
"Nettie," Genevieve exclaimed, a small smile forming at the corner of her lips. "I would never," she spoke, then changed directions. "I am a Lady." she finally said. 
The maiden only smirked coyly. "Whatever you say my Lady." 
Genevieve rolled her eyes and continued to play with the fabric of her dress, pinching it between her slim fingers. She thought of how Victor might react. Will he like it? Will he notice that I'm even there? She sighed internally, wishing that Victor would at least be kind to her though she knew that would most likely never happen. But she couldn't stop loving him. To her, it was absolutely impossible, especially after that day. 

Seven year old Genevieve Burns was left at the Collins manor by her parents, who would not be back until evening. She looked around the huge manor and smiled lightly, holding her white doll close to her chest. It's rough blond curls tickling her arms, and it's red velvet dress hanging loose around its small frame. 
Since Genevieve's parents were out and about, the Collins parents had decided to have a play date with her, Genevieve, their children; Gabriel, who was twelve, Victor, who was ten,                                              and Lily who was the same age as her; and Samuel Blackmore who was nine at the time. She had been escorted to a play room by one of the older servants named Walter, his gray hair clung to his head nicely, ,making him look refined, as he should be for a servant of this house. She held his gloved hand as he walked her to the room, the hallways draped in silks, the marbled floor polished, everything was spot clean. 
As young Genevieve took this all into her developing mind, she felt Walter tug at her hand gently as she wandered from him, and the click of a door opening. "This way Lady Genevieve." he smiled gently and guided her small body into the extravagant room. 
She looked about the mid sized room, its long velvet drapes and its plain white interior making the room seem quite larger than it actually was. A few toys lay about on the floor, limp and lonely. Some blocks were scattered across the wooden floor boards as were some dolls and toy swords. The small child then heard soft voices chatting with each other, making their way to the open doored room. The voices grew closer as they giggled and skipped down the hall, their steps getting louder and louder. 
Genevieve, being scared, ran over and coward in the corner, holding her doll tightly to her chest, seeking comfort from it. She heard the children round the corner of the door and upon entering the room, went silent. She could feel their gazes on her, judging her silently and she shut her eyes. She wanted to cry, cry and run on home, but mother said that women have to be strong. She rocked herself slowly, cradling her porcelain doll. Be strong. Be strong. She thought it over and over, trying to ignore the gazes that were solely fixated on her. 
Suddenly, soft footsteps had started to make their way towards her shivering frame. She was so scared, scared of meeting new people, scared of them deeming her worthless. Treating her like nothing. She lingered in these deep thoughts, forgetting about the stares, the footsteps, anything and everything around her. Too many times had this happened. Too many times. A small warm hand placed itself on her shoulder gently. "Are you alright?" Genevieve slowly opened her hazel eyes, glancing at the other girls face and nodded, deciding it was best she didn't speak to them.
"Why are you cowering like that?" One of the boys behind the girl piped up. "Do we really look that scary?" he said, walking closer to the girls and smirking childishly, swaying his arms at his sides.                               
Genevieve, clutched her doll tightly, feeling more at ease as she did so. 
The other girl stood up and turned, her dark silky dress swirling about her as her black shoes clacked against the floor.                               
"Victor," the girl exclaimed, placing her hands on her waist. "You know better than to talk to our guest that way. You know what mother said." The boy stopped stalking towards them and stood straight, huffing and blowing a few strands of black hair out of his face. He crossed his arms, his white shirt scrunching up at the inside of his elbows. As he glowered, the other, older boy came forward. His short brown hair swaying slightly as he teetered nervously over, passing by his brother and lightly nudging the young girl to the side. The girl, pleased by her older brothers gentleness, stepped aside.
"My name's Gabriel," he said, offering his hand out to her in greeting as he knelt down to her small cowering height. She felt a slight heat rise to her cheeks as she nervously took his hand and shook. 
"M-my name's Genevieve," she spoke quietly, her voice barely above a whisper. "It's quite n-nice to meet you Gabriel." 
The older boy smiled and let go of her small hand. "I'm sorry about my brother, he's still quite young and doesn't know how to speak properly to girls." he apologized, making Genevieve let out a small innocent giggle as she glanced at the other boy. 
Victor snapped his head towards her, glaring. "What's so funny?" he growled, his small muscles tightening in annoyance. 
"Victor," the other girl snapped, scowling at him in disappointment. "Don't be rude. You'll make her cry and then will you truly feel bad." She pointed her manicured nail at him. "You know better than to make girls cry." 
Victor stepped down and uncrossed his arms, feeling bad after being scolded. "Sorry Lily," 
"Don't apologize to me, apologize to her." Lily said, reprimanding him, snapping her arm backwards and shifting her finger from Victor to Genevieve. 
The boy glanced at her, not wanting to make full eye contact. He shifted his weight on his left side, eyes wandering the room and his hand subconsciously grabbing at his other arm in embarrassment. After some short time that felt like hours, Victor sighed and looked at her, his blue eyes meeting her golden ones. "I'm," he started, "I'm sorry," his eyes fell towards the floor as he wound his arms behind his back. 
Genevieve's face slowly lit up as she began to smile, loosening her doll from the tight embrace. "Don't worry, I forgive you Victor." The boy looked up from the floor and towards her smiling face, her pink thin lips stretching slightly as she did so. Her once bewildered eyes now softened, giving her some sort of light glow about her. Victor parted his lips as if to speak, but at that moment the door creaked slightly as a new arrival leaned against it, watching them. 
"Oh how mushy is this?" he said, a small smirk tugging at his lips. His brown hair slicked back and his arms crossed over his chest as he leaned his small shoulder on the edge of the door, slowly making the door creak open more. He pushed himself off of the thing that only moments ago supported him and made his way over to the group of children. "you all act like children. It's almost disgusting how you all act towards each other." his smirk turned into a scowl, as he looked them all over, his eyes now resting on Genevieve. "Oh, you poor thing." he cooed, stepping towards the still kneeling girl, her red dress swirling around her body. 
She tensed as he go closer and no one made a move to stop him from his crude acts. Once he was close enough, he snatched the doll from her arms, holding it by its hair. Genevieve gasped and tried reaching for her precious doll, but he held it up higher and laughed at her. 
"Awwww, how cute." he teased, a smirk gracing his lips. "You know, girls are even cute when they cry." he laughed again as Genevieve's golden orbs widened in fear. She knew that the Collins' could do nothing, they were in debt to the Blackmore's family. She knew it was true because her mother said it was. 
"P-please give her back," she begged, reaching her arms out. 
The boy only laughed harder. "'P-please give her back,'" he mocked, laughing and then running towards a chair and stepping atop it. "I want to see you cry," he sneered, thrusting the doll out and in front of him. The small girl picked up the ends of her dress, hurriedly getting up to rescue her doll, but it was all for not. As soon as she started rushing towards him, he dropped her porcelain doll onto the hard marble floor. 
Her eyes widened in horror as a deafening shatter echoed throughout the room. Genevieve stopped in her tracks, staring at the broken doll, it;s pieces scattered on the floor, threatening to cut anyone who came near it. Her eyes began to close as tears rolled down her round cheeks. Her knees buckled and gave out from under her, but she did not wince as the hardness of the marble collided with her delicate shins. No physical pain could outrank the pain in her heart as she kneel'ed by her only friend, now in pieces. 
The boy laughed loudly, holding his belly and scrunching his white shirt in his fit of laughter. No one moved or spoke in that moment, no one dare comfort the now heartbroken child. 
"You good-for-nothing," a voice started, marching it's way towards the dejected girl and wrapping its arm around both of her shoulders, comforting her. Samuel stopped laughing and looked at the other boy who now held the shaking girl in his arms. 
"I should've known you would have said something, Victor." he frowned, stepping down from the high chair and striding towards the two. "Did you forget your place?" he grimaced at them as if they were nothing but trash lying about the streets. "Or do I have to remind you?" The boy stepped closer, raising his hand.
A shrill cry suddenly rang out, startling the children and making them jump. Victor Squeezed his arms around Genevieve instinctively as he looked towards the open doorway. Genevieve heard loud noises and gasps emitting from another room close by. Gabriel, being the oldest, rushed outside of the room and towards the commotion, his hair bouncing as he did so. Samuel paused and slowly let his hand fall to his side and let out a snicker as he followed after Gabriel. Genevieve raised her head, her eyes red and brimming with tears. Victor still clung to her, his eyes never leaving the entryway from which the cry was heard. 
The sniffing girl heard soft footsteps come towards her and kneel down beside her. She only knew it to be Victor's sister Lily, though she did not know her personally. Lily gently lifted her hand to pat Genevieve's head. "I'm sorry to have put you through such a terrifying experience." Lily bowed her head in shame and stepped up her comforting patting. "We had to invite him." she said, now moving her frail hand to Genevieve's small back and stroking it.
Genevieve smiled softly. "It's o-okay, I know Mrs. Lottie is somewhere better now." she sniffled as she brought her pale arm up to her red face and rubbed it clean of tears. Lily looked up at her and smiled back, now feeling comforted herself.
Victor, finally taking his gaze away from the door, looked upon Genevieve. "Mrs. Lottie? That's what you named her?" he questioned, raising a brow and smiling.
The girl only nodded and blushed slightly as his face was so close to hers. She backed her head away, now feeling quite uncomfortable of their position. Lily, sensing her slight uncomfortability, removed Victor's arms from the other girl and setting them down at his sides. "Never touch a lady without permission." Lily stated, gently tugging Genevieve over to her and wrapping her in a small yet sweet embrace. "Besides, Genevieve likes me more." she smirked, squeezing Genevieve and gently bringing her closer. 
Victor scoffed and crossed his arms once more. "You don't know that," he mumbled, looking at the ground. With that comment being said, Genevieve's cheeks began to heat up as she felt the color rise to her face.                               

Oh, she remembered like it was yesterday. She reminisced in the past as she fiddled with the silver chain that hung from her neck and rested against her throat. Closing her eyes, she smiled and rested her weight fully against the back of the comfortable blue chair. 
"All done with your hair my Lady." Nettie said, stepping back and rubbing her fingers on her chin as if she had a beard, observing the auburn locks. 
Genevieve stood, turned and hugged Nettie tightly, lightly nuzzling her head into the maidens’ neck. "Thank you Nettie." she told her sincerely, pulling her head back and looking into the other girls blue hues. "Wish me luck."
The maiden nodded, a smile forming on her pink lips. "Of course my Lady." She replied gently pushing Genevieve off of her, not wanting to ruin all of the work she had performed on her dearest Lady. Genevieve giggled and turned happily, making her way to the wooden door and grabbing the knob, twisting it. The door opened widely as Genevieve made her way out of the room and down the hallway. Soon, she would arrive at the Collins'. 
                                                                                           









CHAPTER TEN




Samuel paced across his room, his gloved hand resting in his pants pocket, turning the square object in his hand. "It's okay Samuel. It'll be fine." he stopped in front of his mirror and smiled, trying to calm his nerves. His fingers continued to feel the velvet box, making him more anxious. "She'll say yes." his smile faltered. "Oh, I hope to God she says yes." he started to become very worried and began pacing his room again.
A soft knock sounded from behind his door. He snapped his head towards the direction. "It is me Master Samuel." William. He thought, his pacing now coming to a halt. He quickly straightened himself out and tried to look like his usual self.
"Come in." he said, taking his hand out from his trousers pocket. William opened the door and stepped through, holding a silver tray that held some warm tea and biscuits. He made his way over to the small table and set it down. 
He then faced Samuel and bowed. "Sir," he said, waiting to be granted permission to leave. 
"You may go." he said, his voice not giving away a single thing. William stood up straight and glanced down at Samuel's pocket, his face not giving way of what he saw. 
"Just call if you need anything else Master." he said bowing once more. 
"Yes, yes of course. Now leave." he said, getting impatient. William did as he was told and walked towards the door. 
Samuel saw him bow once more, holding the door open. "Sir," he said, though it was not directed towards Samuel. 
A man with a black waist coat and trousers walked past him. "Go clean the kitchen William, you are not needed here as of right now." The servant only acknowledged his wishes and closed the door behind him. 
"Father," Samuel breathed, "What is it?" 
Lord Blackmore walked towards his only son and petted his head, treating him like a boy. He did not respond to him but only glanced down at his son with his coal black eyes. "What is that in your pocket?"
Samuel nervously reached into his trousers pocket and smiled, taking it out. He was excited to show his father, hoping that he would approve. "I plan on proposing to Lily." 
"Lily?" the older man questioned, raising one of his gray brows.
"Lily Collins," 
His father removed his gloved hand from Samuel's head and walked over to the sofa, sitting down on it. He crossed one leg over the other and leaned back against the black cushion. "Lily Collins?" he scoffed, "You plan on marrying that tramp."
Samuel's heart panged with hurt and anger and his hand clutched the box tighter. "Father, she's not a tramp." The man only chuckled, a sly smirk making its way on his lips. He intertwined his gloved fingers together and wrapped them around his crossed knee. 
"I do not approve the marriage." he said matter of factly. 
The young mans' heart broke. "But father," 
He was then interrupted by his fathers' hand thrusting into the air and out towards him, his palm facing him and his fingers as straight as a razor. "I said no." Samuel's eyes burned with rage.
"Why?" he asked through his teeth, wanting to control his anger. 
His father's' smile disappeared and was replaced by a frown. "You insolent boy. If you marry her the debt goes away. Do you know what that will mean for our family." 
"But I love her father." 
His father's voice rose. "This is not love. This is merely a childish crush. Get that through your thick skull Samuel." His black eyes pierced into Samuel's hazel ones'. 
This only angered Samuel further. "I am marrying her father, whether you like it or not. For the love of God, Father you had her sent away for two years and I still love her as much today as I did the day she left. Two long years father." Samuel began to seethe.
The older man quickly stood up and slapped Samuel's cheek harshly. "You will not marry that trashy Collins bitch." His father raged on, his cheeks red with anger. Then Samuel witnessed something he had never seen before. His father in the midst of his rage became eerily calm. He turned away from him, his back towards him. After a moment Samuel heard his father take in a deep breath and he turned back around to face his son with a wicked grin upon his face. 
"Father, I beg you please. I have never asked you for anything. I have done all of your dirty work and then some." 
Samuel's father raised his hand to silence him. 
"You're right son." His tone calm "You're right." His father turned to him and shook his hand. "I just want the best for you. I'm sorry." 
Samuel sat down dumbfounded. He didn't know what to think. He had never seen his father behave like this before. Samuel took a moment to try and gather his thoughts and played with the velvet box in his pocket. A small shiver of fear crept up along his spine and stayed deep in his bones.
"When you are right you are right. You are more than old enough to take a wife. It is time for you to be the man of your own house. Let me be the first to congratulate the happy day." His father turns towards the door and yells down the hall for William.  He heard his father request that a bottle of the finest scotch be brought to Samuels room. 
"So when will this blessed occasion take place then?" 
"I... I was thinking tonight."
"Wonderful." 
Just then William knocked and entered Samuels’ room with the tray holding the decanter of scotch and two glasses. William set the tray down on the table by the sofa and began to exit the room. "Not so fast my dear boy, we have a joyous errand for you." William turned around with a look of utter confusion across his face. Samuel met his gaze and shrugged at the bewildered looking servant.
"My son, your Lord and Master is to propose to his love tonight. I need you to ready the carriage and deliver the note to Ms. Lily Collins yourself. Do not under any circumstances leave it with any of the staff or family, you are to deliver it directly into Miss Lily's hands. Do you understand boy?" 
Samuel watched William shake his head in understanding and take his leave silently. 
"Well then, you best get to writing to your future wife so that you can make her the happiest woman that ever lived." 
Samuel stood still in the haze of disbelief and approached his beaming father and embraced him.
"Thank you." He whispered into his father's ear.
His father finished his glass of scotch and took his leave. As he exited the doorway he heard him say, "Make sure to get that summons to William post haste. You don't want her traveling alone at night." 
"I will father, I will." 























	Lucian hurried down the hall to catch up with William before he reached the back door towards the carriage house. Not wanting to shout and beckon him he sped up to catch the lithe little servant. His arm outstretched almost grasping Williams’ coat. 
"Stop boy!" Lucian whispered gruffly. William instantly spun around on his heels and almost ran right into his Masters hand.
"Sir?" 
Lucian got very close to Williams face and whispered in a hostile tone. "Now you see here boy, when my idiot son brings you that letter, you bring it directly to me. I have my own letter I want you to send to Miss Lily. Do you understand me?" His hand gripped the servants’ waistcoat and pulled him closer so that Lucian could see the nervous beads of sweat forming on his forehead. 
"And if you value your life in any way, you will not breathe a word of this. Have I made myself perfectly clear?" 
Lucian waited a moment and watched the young beaten lad bob his head up and down. 
"Good." He tossed William aside and hurried to his study to prepare for this evening’s festivities.





Samuel waited for his love to arrive at their secret place, red velvet box in hand. He carefully opened the box and looked at the white gold band that encased a beautiful diamond. He twirled it in his fingers, staring at the small intricate engravings.  
Lost in thought of how exactly to ask her, he heard the sound of small footsteps coming from behind him. "Samuel," a soft voice spoke.
 Samuel quickly slipped the ring into his jacket pocket, concealing it from his love. He looked down at himself, his black and white suit unwrinkled. He then turned on his heel, towards Lily. 
"Lily," he responded, smiling happily and holding out his arms for her. 
She quickly ran into them, picking up her skirts as she did so. 
He wrapped his arms around her slim waist, holding her closely. Burying his face in her neck, he could smell the scent of rose petals on her. He pulled her back slightly and looked her over. Her white dress hugged her hips and bosom nicely. He could feel his cheeks flush slightly as he looked down at her dress. As the dress got lower, it got wider, the fluffy white mess hanging lightly. The lacy sleeves clung to her milky white arms, making her look innocent and beautiful. He looked back up at her face, where her green eyes where staring at him, wondering if he liked how she looked. Her black hair was pulled up into a nice round bun while some curls hung down from the sides of her face, framing it. 
"You look beautiful Lily." he breathed. 
She giggled sweetly and pecked his cheek. "And you look very handsome." she said, hugging him again. 
He rubbed her back gently and kissed the top of her head. "Care for a dance my lady?" he inquired. 
She only smiled and nodded, stepping back a bit as she placed both of her arms around his shoulders. 
He placed both hands on her hips and the began to dance to the sweet silence. He twirled her around every now and then and brought her back to him. 
She continued to smile sweetly and closed her eyes as her head rested against his chest. 
His lips rose into a small smile as he looked down at her. But a sudden dark figure caught his attention as it moved from the corner of his eye. He knew. He continued to move slowly with Lily, now only wrapping one arm around her waist. 
Samuel quietly reached into his pocket and took out the ring. He played with it in his hands nervously. He listened to Lily ramble on about her travels, her friend’s wedding and how she spent her time. God how he missed the lovely tone of her voice, her scent, her smile. 
"Are you even listening to me Sammy boy? You look preoccupied." 
"No my love everything is fine, perfectly fine." 
She reached up and rubbed her smooth hand along his cheek and looked deep into his eyes, searching his thoughts. She scrunched up her face and her smile had faded. They walked hand in hand but in silence for a few blocks. They slowly approached the park in the center of the town. 
"Oh my word! I haven't been here in years Samuel." She picked up the length of dress and hurried over to the bench where they had first professed their love for one another. Samuel watched as she sat down and patted the seat beside her. He slowly sauntered over to her and took his place beside her. 
"Oh you, who would have ever thought you to be a true romantic?" she giggled and snuggled up against him, kissing his neck.
He pulled her face closer to his and kissed her softly. 
"Lily ...I've missed you so very much." He kisses her again. “I don't ever want to be separated from you again." 
"I have no plans on leaving." 
Samuel breaks her embrace, stands up then kneels on one knee before her while fishing the ring out of his pocket.
"Ohhhh...." She gasps
"I could think of no better place to do this. Lily Collins I have loved you for years, when you left it left this horrible emptiness within me and it made me angry. I tried to hate you for leaving, tried to tell myself you would never return and that you no longer returned my affection." 
"How could...."
Samuel raises his hand to silence her. "I know now that I was only lying to myself, lying to the world. I am a better man with you Lily." He raises her hand to his lips and kisses it then places the ring on her finger. 
"Lily Collins, will you be my wife?" Samuel could feel every nerve in his body. It was taking all of his control to not shiver with anticipation. 
Lily's eyes lit up, a huge smile crossed her face but she did not speak. A small cloud of darkness showed in her expression.
"What about your father?"
"He gave me his blessing." 
"Really?" her tone bright.
"Yes he did, said I am old enough to be the man of my own house now."
Lily looked down at her hand and then finally spoke. 
"Yes my love yes." She jumped up from the bench and into his arms. The couple now embracing on the cobblestone road in front of the tree where the first fell in love.










CHAPTER ELEVEN


Victor lay on the red sofa, an open book lying face down on his chest and his glasses resting on the bridge of his nose. The room was lit with a yellow glow, illuminating the young mans surroundings. He stared at the white ceiling, its golden lining shining from the lanterns scattered about the lounging room. Nothing particular came to mind as he stared at the small details on the ceiling, its intricate designs somehow captivating him. 
He was bored, bored out of his mind. Not even his favorite book could entertain him now. Gabriel was gone and his little sister was getting ready for the small dinner party for her and Genevieve. He was supposed to be attending, but he saw no reason why he would have too. He sighed, heavy thoughts now placing themselves in his mind. 
A small knock on the door sounded from the other side of it, but Victor paid no attention to it, as he was too immersed in his thoughts, his eyes never leaving from where they previously were. The door opened and soft footsteps made their way towards him. When they got close enough, he noticed a slightly bending body trying to get a better look at him out of the corner of his eye, their face slowly coming closer to block his view. 
"Victor, why aren't you dressed yet?" Lily's eyes burned into his as she glared at him and slid her hands on her hips. "Genevieve will be here soon." Victor glanced at his attire. He had not made the effort to get ready, for he thought it was not necessary. 
"Why should I get ready?" he asked, his eyes meeting hers once more. "It's just Genevieve."
The girls green hues burned more, her temper rising. She huffed and straightened her body out, now standing properly. "And you would call yourself a gentleman." she scoffed, upset with him. "You know how Genevieve feels about you."
He sat up and turned his body towards his sister. "That's why I'm not going to dinner." His sister made a disgruntled noise and stomped out of the room, slamming the door behind her. Oh, if only she knew the whole truth.








The carriage had strolled up to the manor as the gates opened for them. The sleek black coach shimmering as it passed by the lights. Arthur observed the carriage pull up to the doors and clapped his hands loudly, getting the attention of some of the staff. Not taking his eyes away from the window he spoke. "Miss Genevieve is here, get the food ready." when he heard no movement he turned on his heel and snapped once more. "Hurry," and with that, the staff hustled and bustled loudly as they got the food out of the kitchen and quickly placed platters on the dining table, its thick white cloth hung from the edges, the silverware was straight and on the right side of the decorated plates and cups. 
Arthur glanced over the scenery, making sure everything was perfect for their guest. He spotted a dead flower in one of the vases and plucked it from the rest. He observed the dead and withered thing, its petals no longer soft and sleek, but now cracked and rough. 
The great doors opened and Arthur snapped his head towards the sound. He quickly looked over the table, making sure nothing was out of place, then shooed the staff away. Realizing he still held the dead rose with his fingertips, he rushed to the kitchen and tossed it in a bin. He heard squeals coming from the hall; Lily must have been excited about Genevieve's arrival. Arthur quickly made his way back to the dining room, placing himself in front of the hallway so that he could greet the girls. He crossed his arms behind his back and placed one gloved hand over the other, taking position. 
The girls soon came into view with Lily's arm intertwined with Genevieve's. Lily gave a short sweet giggle as she saw Arthur. "Arthur," she said, unlacing her arm from Genevieve's and walking towards the butler. Arthur only bowed as his Lady made her way towards him. He soon felt some small pressure on his shoulders as Lily pressed her hands to them. "Stand straight silly, you know us well enough. We're friends aren't we?"
Arthur looked up towards her, his body still in the same position. "We are," he said, though he really didn't know if they were true friends or not. He had only really looked after Victor and he never had time for Victor's other siblings. Lily quirked a brow and smirked, sliding her finger under Arthur's chin and lifting it up until he was standing properly.
"There," she removed her laced finger and brought it back down to her side. Genevieve gigged in the background, most likely finding the situation cute. He sighed and turned his body to the side, stretching his arm out towards the table. 
"Please, have a seat my Ladies." he gestured towards the table once more, allowing the giddy girls through. They happily made their way to the clothed table with the delectable food. Arthur pulled out their seats for them and graciously pushed them back in. 
"Why thank you Victor." Genevieve said sweetly, her golden eyes sparkling as they looked towards him. Arthur could feel the heat rise to his cheeks as she smiled at him so warmly. She patted his hand that was still on her chair, silently thanking him again and telling him it's okay to let go now. He quickly regained his composure and slid his hands off of the rosy chair, his fingertips grazing against the auburn locks. 
Genevieve thanked him once more, as did Lily, and turned towards her best friend that she had not seen in what seemed like ages. Arthur bowed once more and left the two girls to chat and enjoy themselves as he tried to calm his beating heart.


                                                                                                         












Victor heard the carriage drive across the gravel and come to a stop, the great doors opened and closed allowing whomever to get through, and he heard laughter, sweet laughter. He knew whose it was, and he knew that she would most likely be upset later, knowing that he had the opportunity to come, but didn't.
Victor now lay on his bed, resting his head against the soft silky pillows. He picked at the bed sheets, thinking of what his sister and Genevieve were up to. He had not stopped thinking about her, not since she came here, to his very manor, frightened and alone. He sighed heavily, thoughts weighing on his mind. Closing his eyes, he shifted his body on his bed, trying to find a more comfortable position. 
A soft giggle sounded throughout the manor, echoing through its halls. He quickly opened his eyes and sat up, his upper body instinctively turning towards his door. This was too much; he couldn't handle this sweet torture. His eyes quickly scanned the room, searching for his dress clothes. Spotting them lying over his cushioned chair, he bounded over to them, snatching them up. Victor looked over the ironed clothing. This must have been Arthur's doing. 
Not giving it another thought, he quickly stripped himself of his sweaty clothing and slipped on the fresh clean ones. He buttoned up his black waistcoat, his nimble fingers making their way up to the top of it. Victor then looked over his current clothing, making sure everything was in place. Then, finding that everything was alright, he made his way over to the mirror that hung atop one of his desks. He hastily checked over his hair, brushing it as he did so. Finding that he made himself proper enough, he ran out of the room, making his way towards the dining room. 
 "So, how was America Lily?" Genevieve asked as she sipped at her sweet tea, the floral cup shining from the light of the candles and lamps. 
Lily swallowed down a piece of her strawberry cake, and then answered, "It was quite lovely actually. I never would have thought it to be so, so," she paused, and then thought, "I guess lively, oh, I haven't the word for it yet." she giggled and set her fork down on the white napkin beside her plate. "And Marie is doing quite well with her husband. She sent me a letter the other day and they're already trying for a baby. Isn't that cute?" 
Genevieve felt a slight blush rush towards her cheeks. A baby? She thought, staring down at her tea and getting lost in the golden liquid. Oh, how she dreamed of having a family. A family with only one man, but it may be impossible. "Genevieve?" Lily questioned, worried. "Are you thinking of Victor?" 
Her eyes widened slightly at the mention of his name and she looked up at her friend. "What? No, no, of course not." she lied, subconsciously fiddling with her napkin. 
Lily, noticing her best friends behavior, spoke, "You know," she started, "Victor-" but she was cut off by none other than the man himself as he broke through the dining room doors and tripping over the red carpet, almost falling. "Victor?" she asked, her eyes widening in surprise. "I thought you weren't coming." 
The well dressed young man cleared his throat and fixed his slightly messy hair. He straightened his posture and fixed some of his clothing. "I decided that I was hungry." he glanced at Genevieve and quickly looked away and pointed towards the rumpled up rug from which he had tripped. "We should really get that fixed." 
Genevieve gazed at the man before her. Am I dreaming? The thought dwelling within her mind. 
A small sound came from the other side of the table, across from Genevieve, making her turn towards the noise. It was Lily, with her laced hands to her mouth, trying to hold in her laughter. Victor snapped his head towards her embarrassedly, his cheeks turning a soft shade of pink. "What?" he questioned her, looking down and trying to search for anything that might look out of place. This made Genevieve cover her mouth up as well, though she was much better at concealing her voice than Lily was. 
It seemed Lily couldn't hold it in much longer and she burst out with laughter. Her hands that were once covering her pink lips, now lay upon her stomach, trying to help the pain that came with the laughter. "Oh, Victor, you're so cute." she continued to laugh. Seeing Lily like this just made Genevieve want to laugh more, she even thought of stuffing the napkin in her mouth to stop herself from possibly laughing at her love, but deemed it unladylike. 
Victor stopped looking himself over, thinking it to be quite useless, and just sat next to Genevieve instead, not wanting to be teased by his little sister. Genevieve hurriedly sat upright and faced forward, her face becoming red from embarrassment. She wasn't expecting Victor to sit next to her, and she felt quite aware of her appearance more than before. Wondering if she looked okay, if her hair or makeup was messy, or if she looked funny, she pushed a stray curl back from her face and tucked it behind her ear casually, hoping not to draw too much attention to herself. 
Once Lily calmed down, she sighed and adjusted her dress and hair. "Sorry," she smiled, leaning forward. "That was just too adorable Vicky." she cooed, sitting back in her chair, feeling good about herself. 
Victor showed no sign of embarrassment this time, but the corner of his mouth twitched, revealing his slight annoyance. "Don't call me that when we're in front of others Lily." he said, his expression not changing. Genevieve looked back and forth between the both of them, their eyes not wavering from one another's. 
Lily only smirked at him. "Whatever you say," she paused, "Vicky." she mumbled, hoping that Victor might hear it, but also not wanting him to at all. 
Genevieve turned her head towards Victor and saw the corner of his mouth twitch once more. "Thank you," he said through slightly clenched teeth, wanting to pretend he didn't hear her, but his actions clearly showing that he did. 
"Want some tea Victor?" Genevieve asked, trying to break this awkward aura. He turned his head towards her, his green eyes piercing her golden ones. 
"Yes," he said his voice monotone. Genevieve smiled nonetheless and grabbed the small floral pot that held the warm liquid and pushed it towards Victor. "Thank you." he said, taking it from her and pouring himself a cup of tea.
Before he'd even gotten to take a sip of it, Arthur came into the dining room and bent down, whispering in his ear, just low enough for the girls not to hear. He sighed heavily and pushed his cup away and stood up, pushing the chair back. "I'm sorry, but if you'll excuse me I have some matters to discuss with Arthur at the moment." They nodded as he left with Arthur through the double doors.
The girls smiled at each other after the men left and began another discussion. 
"So," Genevieve started, "Anything new in your love life?" Lily only looks away as her face begins to brighten. Genevieve smiles leaning forward, now very interested. "Who is it?" she whispered, trying to keep it a secret from any other ears that might be listening. 
Lily gave in quickly and looked at her best friend happily yet nervously. "Okay, but you mustn't tell a single soul." she said. 
Genevieve nodded excitedly. "Of course." 
Lily quickly looked around the room and stood up, leaning in towards Genevieve, preparing to whisper in her ear. "It's Samuel. Samuel Blackmore." she mumbled into her ear and Genevieve's face turns from excitement to shocked disbelief as she pulls back and mouths. "Blackmore?"
"Really?" she questioned, pulling her head back to look at Lily. 
Lily only nods as her smile brightens.
"He proposed the other day." she squealed excitedly. "We're planning to get married soon." Genevieve was truly shocked. How long have they been seeing each other? She thought incredulously. 
"How long Lily?" she asked, wanting to know the whole truth about the situation. Her friend sat back in her chair, the smile not disappearing from her face.                                        
"Well we started seeing each other about a year or so before I went to America, but we kept it quiet because of the family issues." the girl shrugged, taking a sip of her now lukewarm tea. Genevieve was worried but couldn't help but be happy for her friend. The girl leaned back in her chair, giving her friend a small smile. 
"Well, if you're happy then I'm happy Lily." The black haired girls smile brightened as she continued to eat her small piece of cake. Now this was going to be an adventure. Genevieve thought, copying her friend and taking small bites of her cake. Some adventure indeed.
The two ladies continued to enjoy their desserts in a happy silence. Genevieve was just about to speak when Arthur entered the dining room and leaned over to whisper into Lily's ear. 
"Can't you handle it Arthur? I'm entertaining" 
Arthur leaned in again and spoke in very hushed tones. Genevieve could not make out a single word. Not that she was trying to pry, but this was very unusual. If it had been business, Victor would have been summoned, not Lily.
"If you'll pardon my rudeness, I must take this. I'll be right back Ginny, help yourself to some more wine. We have so much to discuss." Lily stood up and exited the room. 
Genevieve brought the glass of wine to her mouth and finished her glass; she reached across the table, grabbed the carafe of wine and poured another healthy glass. Just then Lily came running in waving a note but whispering. 
"Ginny, Ginny look. He can't wait to see me, he says he has to see me tonight." 
"Oh how romantic." Genevieve touched her friends’ hand. Lily quickly folded up the note and tucked it into her dress. 
"Be a dear and don't say anything. I don't want to tell Victor and Gabriel just yet." 
Genevieve nodded in agreement. 
"Now finish up." Lily told her. "I need help picking out a new dress.
Genevieve was truly excited for her friend, but keeping secrets from Victor bothered her so. Genevieve took one last sip of wine and both ladies then excused themselves and hurried up to Lily's room.








CHAPTER TWELVE


Victor began to slowly take off his dress clothes. He felt stupid for dressing up and for going downstairs only to be ridiculed. He knew better. He unbuttoned his waist coat and began to take it off as he heard a small knock at the door.
"Go away Lily, I've had enough fun with you tonight." 
The door creaked open just a hair. "It's not Miss Lily Master, it's me Louise." Victor glanced over and continued to toss his waistcoat on the chair. 
"Come on in Louise." He continued to unbutton his shirt and pull it out of his pants. 
"I think it's safe for you to come down now sir, the women have all gone." She said teasingly.
"Oh very funny." 
"I saved ya a piece of cake. You know for as thin as those girls are you should see them eat up these treats. If I hadn't put a plate in the kitchen for ya you would have never got some." She smiled and nodded towards the door.
"No thank you. I'm not in the mood." 
"How can you not be in the mood for cake? I've known ya since you were a sprout and I know you like my strawberry cake." She grinned at him
Victor looked up at her, his eyes happy. And for one moment he forgot himself. "Strawberry cake?" his voice sounding like a child." 
"Come on button that shirt back up and lets head down to the kitchen and get that plate for ya." Victor shook his head in agreement and did as the older servant asked. Victor followed her down the stairs and was very aware of the loud clacking his shoes were making on the tile. 
"Where is everyone?" 
"Well Gabriel is still at work that blessed boy, Genevieve took her leave for the evening, and Miss Lily must have stepped out."
"Stepped out where? And at this time of night where would she be going? Did Arthur go with her."  It was very unlike Lily to go out at night without telling Victor, maybe she stepped out for some air and was just wandering the gardens.
"No, Arthur didn't go, he's in stabling the horses for the night. All I know is this here letter was dropped by the back door and it is addressed to Miss Lily, so I brought it to her room to deliver to her, but she wasn't there." Victor watched as Louise produced a folded note from her apron pocket. 
"Let me see that." Victor demanded.
Trying to protest Louise stated again, "but sir it is addressed to Miss Lily, not you." She quickly tried to re-pocket the note. Victor grabbed her wrist and wrenched the note out of her hand. He quickly unfurled it and read it. 
My dearest Lily, 
	I must see you tonight. Please if you love me you will meet me in the park where I proposed to you. I have the most excellent news for you, for us. I will be there by 10:00pm and will wait for you. You have made me so happy. Please do this for me. 

	With all my love, 
	Samuel.
Victor read and re-read the letter trying to make sense of what he was seeing. He quickly bolted down the hall and burst into Lily's room. She was nowhere to be found. "Lily!" Victor shouted in her room. "Lily, where are you?" Victor demanded. 
"Sir she isn't here. I checked." Louise scurried to catch up with him. 
Victor clenched the note and stuffed it in his pocket, quickly buttoned up his shirt and went back to his room to fetch his coat. "Louise." He cried. "Louise fetch Arthur tell him to saddle a horse for me." 



Victor lay on his bed, his black hair matted to his forehead and pillow. His body was unmoving as his eyes stared up at the ceiling, none of the patterns registering in his mind. Blood. He thought. So much blood. His fingers began to tremble as he thought of that horrid night. The night he lost his dearest sister. 

Blood spilled from her soaking body, the rain washing it away from her pale face. Her body lay limp and lifeless upon the ground, the mud was splattered on her white dress while the blood stained most of it. Victor dropped to his knees, sending more mud flying and spattering across his black trousers. 
"L-Lily," he stuttered, his arms limp against his sides as he stared at his sister. He saw slight movement out of the corner of his eye and he turned his head towards it. Her hand had moved. His eyes became wide as he stumbled on his knees towards her, mud now being flung in different directions. His hands sunk deep into the wet earth as he hurriedly crawled towards her. "Lily," he said, exasperated. 
"Vi-ctor," her voice was low and quiet and her cold breath lightly brushed against his pale cheek. He leaned in closer, holding her small frame to his, not wanting to let go, fearing that he might actually lose her. 
"Hold on Lily. Gabriel and the others should be coming soon. Just hold on." his voice shook as he spoke, though he tried to sound confident that his brother would make it in time. 
The corners of her lips lifted into a weak smile as she brought her frail shaking hand up to caress his cheek. Her head shook lightly, indicating that she wasn't going to last very much longer. She took in a shaky breath and looked up at the dark twinkling sky. "Sam-uel," she let out another quiet breath, and did not take in another. 
Victor's eyes widened even more than before as he shook his little sister. "Lily," he shook her more, his voice rising quickly. "Lily!" He took her by her white shoulders and shook her some more, trying to wake her up. Hot tears slid from his eyes and down his cheeks as the sudden realization hit him like a rock. "Lily," he whispered, his body trembling. He looked down at her, the crimson liquid continuing to flow from her body and into the dark damp earth, mixing and swirling in it. 
He gently rests his forehead against hers as he weeps. His eyes became more relaxed as more tears rolled down his face and onto his sisters. The drops forming and then sliding across her cheek and nose. He stayed there for what felt like hours, but was, in all actuality, a few minutes. 
Then, it hit him, that name. That godforsaken name. He thought, slowly lifting his head from his sisters and looking up towards the trees. Samuel. That name rang in his head like a bell swaying back and forth constantly. "Samuel," he spoke, his voice just barely above a whisper. "Samuel," he said again, but this time with more venom and ferocity. "Samuel!" he shouted, straining his voice. His lungs burned as he screamed out the mans name, but he did not care. Anger now consumed him, shutting out any pain his body felt and letting the anger swallow him whole.
He sat up in his bed, fixating himself to where his legs bent over the mattress and his arms lay across his thighs, his hands dangling over his knees. It had been at least a week since her death and her burial would be soon, once the rest of the family came back to the manor. 
"Samuel," he whispered, the name leaving a bitter taste in his mouth. He let his head drop, his black locks hanging in front of his face and one of his free hands reaching up to scratch at the back of his head. He stayed silent, letting his thoughts run loose in his mind and then slowly, he looked up towards his desk. His green orbs wandered to his desk drawer where his weapon lay, unused. 
His body moved of his own accord, his pace fast as he walked to his desk and harshly pulled the drawer open, the handle creaking lightly as he gripped it tightly. The revolver slid and hit the inside edge of the drawer, as did several bullets, creating a quiet thump and small metal sounds. He stared at it for what seemed like several minutes and slowly let his white hand reach for it, his fingers curling around the handle. It glinted lightly in the dim light as he turned it over in his hand. 
He opened the cylinder and grabbed for some of the bullets, putting them in one at a time. Victor closed it shut once he was done and pocketed extra bullets in case of an emergency and slid it in his greatcoat pocket that hung over his armchair, where it would be most concealed. 
Feeling ready, he made for the door and closed it harshly, making his way to the Blackmore manor. 
                                                             

                                                           


                                                            








CHAPTER THIRTEEN


The loud sound of metal against metal was heard throughout the dank workplace as Gabriel hammered away. His muscles flexed as his arm came up and back down ruthlessly to hit the hot piece of metal. His white undershirt was stained with sweat and grime and it was even more so as he continued to pound on the burning metal. 
He found that working helped ease the pain of his little sister's death temporarily, as working took his mind off of such topics. But even though it would subside temporarily, the pain still lingered in his heart, breaking it more day by day. He stopped hammering; his chest lightly rose and fell with each breath. He felt something wet on his face and tossed the metal into a large quenching barrel filled with cold water and gently touched his cheek with his cleanest knuckle. His hand came back into his view and saw that it was tears that dripped from his eyes, nothing filthy or grimy, but something slightly pure and genuine. "Damn it," he mumbled, walking over to one of the wooden tables and grabbing the cleanest rag he could find. He wiped it over his cheeks and under his eyes carefully, not wanting to get anything in them. 
Once he was done he slumped back down on the table and shook his arms and head to get the thought of his sister out of his mind. It had not been that long since he saw Victor holding the corpse of their beloved sister and shouting to the sky. The blood, so red and dark, stained his mind like it stained his sister. His hand closed into a fist and he clenched his jaw at the mere thought of it. "Damn it!" he yelled, raising his fist and banging it down on the old table, cracking it. 
More tears flowed from his eyes and down his grimy cheeks, leaving muddled streaks in its wake. His hands shook with anger and sadness as he began to break down, his knees almost giving way. "Lily," his voice shook as he fell to his knees resting his head against the now more broken table. He wept. Wept until he could no longer handle the pain. 









CHAPTER FOURTEEN


Walking down the street and looking up at the beautiful night sky Genevieve felt numb. The news of Lily's death shook her to the core. Part of her felt responsible, she knew where Lily was going, in fact she was the only one who knew. Hot tears began to stream down her face again as she clutched her servants hand. Hugh reached in his front pocket and handed her his handkerchief and put his arm around her shoulders trying to comfort her. Genevieve did not mind this. Hugh was practically a brother to her, both of them being raised in her house only he had the misfortune to be born into servitude.
Genevieve finally mustered the courage to speak. "Hugh," she started, "Do you really think it's okay for me to see Victor at this late of an hour, he must be asleep by now, don't you think?" 
Hugh turned his head and looked at her, his violet eyes looking over her features. "My Lady, I believe it would make him exceedingly happy that you care so much for him as to come see him at this late in the night." His short brown hair swayed lightly as a cold breeze blew by them and Genevieve mustered a small smile, buying into Hugh's kind words. 
"Thank you Hugh." she said, subconsciously walking a bit faster. He nodded turning his gaze back toward the path ahead.
Her heels clacked against the cobblestone as they made their way towards the Collins' manor, not wanting to take the carriage for it might disturb the other people trying to get a good nights rest. Her dark purple dress twisted and curled as she strode down the street, giving her a very feminine and graceful look. 
She hummed a hymn trying to block out any thoughts of her best friend until she arrived at the manor, wanting to talk with Victor about her and get him to express his emotions towards her and Gabriel. He had been very distant since she passed, not coming out of his room, barely eating or washing up, and when he did come out of his room, he would barely speak if he spoke at all. 
Then, she caught something, or rather someone coming out of the Collin's manor. The dark scraggly figure stumbled past the gates and closed them shut. 
Genevieve stopped in her tracks and squinted her eyes to try and get a better look at the figure. "Victor?" she mumbled, starting to step forward once more. "Victor, is that you?" she asked, raising her voice high enough for the person to hear. The shadowy figure suddenly turned towards her direction and paused. She continued to walk forward, Hugh right beside her, sticking close. 
When she was close enough the person sighed loudly and spoke, "What are you doing here Genevieve?" his voice was rough, but familiar. It truly was Victor. What was he doing going out? Is he going to see Gabriel? She thought, getting closer to him, now at least four feet away. 
"I came to visit you." she said "I have some things I need to tell you Victor and I need you to listen to me."
He turned around, his back now facing her. "Go back home. I'm going out." 
"Where." she inquired.
"None of your damn business." his voice grew more harsh as he shoved his hands in his greatcoat pockets. A clinking noise came from inside of his pocket and Genevieve, a little hurt from his words, quirked a brow. 
"What was that noise? What is in your pocket Victor?"
Victor said nothing as his body became rigid. His hand slowly moving out from his pocket, but it did not stop the sounds from further emanating from his greatcoat. Genevieve saw a small glint of steel come from his pocket and squinted her eyes once more, trying to verify exactly what it was. She was about to step closer to Victor, but Hugh quickly got in her way.
 "My Lady, I think it would be best if you do not approach him." he had his back to her and his shoulders squared in a protective manner. Genevieve's vision of Victor was now blocked by Hugh's body, and she wondered why he was acting like this. 
"Hugh?" she became even more curious. What's going on? Such thoughts kept circling her mind. 
Hugh didn't say anything at first, but turned his head slightly, glancing at her, and then looking back towards the Victor.
"He has a gun. I saw it in his pockets. And that sound just now, I believe it was bullets."
Genevieve's eyes widened. "What? Hugh you must be mistaken. Why would Victor have a gun?"
Hugh did not face his lady, but instead just spoke. "His sister was killed and you're asking why he has a gun? My Lady, surely you must know why he does." 
Genevieve knew. She knew deep down why he had that gun, but she didn't want to believe it. She shook her head and backed away slightly "Victor you mustn't. Lily wouldn't have wanted this."
Victor snapped his head around, his body following suit. "Don't you talk to me about what my sister wanted. I knew her better than you ever did." he seethed, taking a step towards her, but Hugh wouldn't allow him to pass. 
"Sir, if you take one more steps towards my Lady I will have no choice but to step in." He looked down at him, his violet eyes piercing Victor's green ones. Hugh crossed his arms in front of his chest threateningly. "I will do anything to protect her." 
Victor scoffed, his eyes showing nothing but hate. Not for Hugh, but for the Blackmore's. Genevieve knew that, but she couldn't believe how much hate had consumed him.
"Victor, this is wrong, you can't do this. There is something I have to tell you." She peered around Hugh to try and catch Victors’ eyes. 
"Not now, you silly bitch!" 
No sooner had Victor uttered those words than Hugh punched him right in the face knocking Victor to the graveled ground.
"You will not speak to my lady like that sir, she deserves better." Hugh calmly offered his hand to him. Genevieve ran around to Victor's side and tried to help him up. 
"Hugh, how dare you." She glared at him.
"I warned him miss." Hugh stated.
"No he is right, I shouldn't speak to you that way." Victor said while rubbing his left eye. Genevieve looked at him, his bloodshot eyes had dark circles under them from lack of sleep and now purple swollen flesh around his left eye. 
"Genevieve please go home now." Victor pleaded. "Have a seat inside and wait for me we can talk when I come back. But I have to leave now." Tears welled up in his eyes.
Genevieve backed away from him and let him go. She had never heard this tone in his voice. She watched as Victor ran down the path until she could no longer see his silhouette against the dark sky.  She quickly slipped off her heels and ran. Hugh hurriedly turned to look at his Lady. "My Lady," he shouted, trying to stop her. 
She needed someone to help Victor, to stop him. Gabriel. She thought worriedly. Please, help him. 









CHAPTER FIFTEEN

It had been a few hours since his small breakdown at the table and he was now cooling the other weaponry before he left for home. He could feel the heavy bags weighing under his eyes and the dirt under his fingernails. He felt disgusting and worn out. Gabriel tiredly sat down on one of the old wooden stools, trying to relax his stressed muscles. 
His arm reached around across his chest to his shoulder, rubbing deep circles into it, relieving some knots. He closed his green eyes as he massaged his overworked muscles. It had been some time since he got to sleep in his own bed, and tonight was the night he could finally do so. A small smile formed as he thought about his soft bed awaiting him. Gabriel let out a soft sigh and stopped massaging his shoulder. As he got up to put the weaponry away, he heard small footsteps making their way towards him. 
"Gabriel," a soft voice panted out. "Gabriel you must stop him." Genevieve ran past the door, the darkness no longer surrounding her. The soft pad of her foot smacked against the stone floor softly, making light sounds. 
He became suddenly worried and ran towards her panting figure. "What's wrong?" he questioned, gripping her small shoulders gently. He looked her over, finding that she wore no shoes and that her feet had become covered in filth. He sat her down on the stool he had just vacated, letting her catch her breath. 
She took a deep breath, trying to calm herself. "It's Victor, he's headed to the Blackmore's." 
Gabriel's eyes widened slightly. "What? Why?" 
She shook her head. "H-he's got a gun Gabriel." 
Gabriel became more worried about his other sibling as he stood straight. "You stay here Genevieve." his voice was deep and strong, letting Genevieve know that he would handle it.
" Wait, there is more you should know." Her voice anxious; almost pleading with him.
 His heart now racing, consumed with worry, he couldn't think and continued towards the door.
"Please Gabriel, I have to tell you about the night Lily died, I knew she was going, I knew where she was going and I know who she was meeting." He voice wavering.
Gabriel's head swam in disbelief. He couldn't believe his ears. "What are you talking about?" He looked at the poor girl who was now sobbing.
"S-she was going to meet Samuel, but you don't understand." 
"Understand what Gen, that you knew my sister was walking into death alone and you told no one?" his voice angry.
"No- no, she swore me, I'm sorry, I'm sorry."  He looked at the poor girl, her body shaking, her makeup running down her face. In his heart he knew Genevieve loved Lily just like they all did, he took a deep breath and calmly asked, " What is really going on Gen?"
"Samuel proposed to Lily earlier that day, she told me, then swore me to secrecy. And that evening at dinner at your house during dessert, we were interrupted and she received another note from Samuel asking her to meet him. I should have told Victor, I should have told someone, now she is dead and it's my fault. I just don't understand why the, why the deception, why pretend to love her when all he wanted to do was kill her. I'm so sorry Gabriel I didn't know what to do." 
Shocked Gabriel tried to absorb all the information. "It's ok sweet girl. We will finish this after I stop Victor. Do you have a chaperon or should I lock you in here?" Gabriel picked her up off the ground and stood her up as Hugh walked in slightly out of breath.
 She nodded, putting her hand over her racing heart and wiping the tears from her eyes.
"Hugh," she sighed softly, relieved. She then turned her head towards Gabriel. "Go Gabriel. Stop him. He mustn't or he'll start a war with the Blackmore's." 
Hugh had run in from out of the darkness his bright eyes worried as he made his way towards Genevieve. Gabriel didn't have time to stay as he ran from them and to the Blackmore's manor. Victor, what are you thinking? He thought, running. Running until his lungs burned for air and then some more. Victor. 










CHAPTER SIXTEEN


  Victor's eyes were wide as he stared at the dark manor, some lights shining, giving it a warm burning glow. He looked at the metal gate and measured the openings between each bar in his head. He would surely fit through. He quietly slipped between the bars of the gate and sprinted around the manor, trying to find another opening. The crunching of the gravel under his feet soon turned into grass softly folding as he stepped on it. He clung to the wall of the manor, not wanting to be seen by any of the Blackmore's, though he knew they would all most likely be asleep by now. 
A light glow came from one of the lower windows, and Victor made his way towards it, ducking below it. He heard noises coming from inside as well as some voices. He pressed his head close to the wall, the top of his hair right below the window. He couldn't decipher the soft sounds and eventually gave up on listening. 
Still ducking, Victor moved passed the window and cursed under his breath. Continuing his search, he came across an open window with its lights off. Grateful, he placed his palms on the sill and pressed them against it, pulling himself up and over it. Scraping his shoes against the side of the manor, he eventually pulled himself over the stone. He grunted quietly and his feet thumped against the carpeted floor softly, barely making any noise. 
He looked around the room and barely saw a thing, only darkness filled the silent room. Victor bent his knees and started to crawl on the ground, not wanting to make too much noise and get caught. His head bumped into something hard and thick, making him grunt in pain. Lifting one of his hands, he began to rub his head. Curious, he felt the object that had previously caused him pain. He ran his hands up, down, and across the wooden surface. It felt like a desk.
The creaking of a door opening sounded across the room and Victor snapped his head towards the direction from which the sound emanated. He quickly and quietly hid behind the desk, hoping it would conceal him for now. 
The person left the door open, illuminating the room softly. Victor sucked in a quiet breath, holding it. The person lit a match and went around the room, lighting the sconces to further brighten the small room. Victor, as quietly as he could, pulled the revolver out of his greatcoat pocket, being careful as to not touch any of the extra bullets. Now, there was only one more sconce to light, and it was right in front Victor. He breathed in softly, making sure it was low enough not to be heard, and held the gun to his chest, his finger resting on the side of the gun. The figure closed the door and sighed heavily, now making its way towards him. He quickly turned and stood up, pointing the gun at the person. His green orbs widened when he saw who it was, and then they quickly started to burn with rage. "Samuel," he seethed, putting his pointer finger on the trigger. "You killed my sister you bastard." he spoke hatefully. "Say hello to the Devil for me." he then cocked the hammer, aiming his sights at Samuel's head and pulls the trigger.

<<<<>>>>
