

Code of Rainbow
Soaring Flame and the Dragon-transcending Magimal

(Book I)

Copyright 2010 Weiqi Wang 
Published by Weiqi Wang at Smashwords
All rights reserved

All names and plots in this book are totally made up.

Smashwords Edition License Notes
This ebook is licensed for your personal enjoyment only.  This ebook may not be re-sold or given away to other people.  If you would like to share this book with another person, please purchase an additional copy for each recipient.  If you’re reading this book and did not purchase it, or it was not purchased for your enjoyment only, then please return to Smashwords.com or your favorite retailer and purchase your own copy.  Thank you for respecting the hard work of this author.



There could be more than one type of philosophy to explain the world

One of them is called science

Another one is spelt M-A-G-I-C




All names and plots in this book are totally made up.
 


Table of Contents


Purple, Grey, Yellow, Blue?
Magic Elements
The History
It is Time
The Institute of Libral
The Campus and Cities
Duel Pact
The Unique Wizard
Egg, Dragon&Empires
Snower’s Present
A Big Roach?
Fledglings Tournament
The Cure
MagiMax
The Most Powerful Magic
A Dragon?
Mercy of the Demiurge
Do You Like Me?

ABOUT THE AUTHOR
ACKNOWLEDGEMENTS

 




This book was written in British English.

To receive a free book in the Code of Rainbow series, subscribe on the book website: www.codeofrainbow.com. 

Follow me on: 
Amazon: https://www.amazon.com/Weiqi-Wang/e/B01MY7ZML1
Facebook: https://www.facebook.com/codeofrainbow
Instagram: https://www.instagram.com/codeofrainbow
Twitter: https://twitter.com/CodeofRainbow
Goodreads: https://www.goodreads.com/author/show/16128074.Weiqi_Wang
PURPLE, GREY, YELLOW, BLUE?


Cylone Calendar (CC) 3896, summer.
Corrugon Peninsula of Arkwald Empire, Thundeross Continent.

Filton worked in a small rural town as a tree-feller. Although he worked very hard, he was not a rich man and lived a tough life. What made life even tougher was that he had a baby boy to feed all by himself, because he didn’t have a woman to help him. However, Filton never complained — even though the boy was actually not his son, he still loved him so much. 
The boy’s name was Soarame.
Little Soarame had a cute, chubby face and a pair of big twinkling eyes. Filton tended to believe that the boy had been born very curious — he seemed to have a strong desire to move and stretch. Ever since the baby had been able to see things properly and move his arms, he kept stretching out his little hands towards the air, waving and grabbing at it. Then, after he learned to speak, he repeatedly used just two words — ‘here’ and ‘there’. This amused Filton for a while but then started to worry him, because it was obviously a pretty odd behaviour for a toddler. 
The worry kind of went away when Soarame started to learn more words; then his favourite words became ‘colour’ and ‘red’. To get over that, Filton had taught him a lot more words for colours, and the boy started to wave his hands around and shout out the colours one after another.
‘Purple, grey, yellow, blue!’ On this particular day, the now five-year-old Soarame was once again running around the house, shouting out the words for colours.
‘What happened to white?’ Filton was busy working, but Soarame’s antics were disturbing his concentration, so he tried to calm the little boy down.
‘It’s not white, it’s grey!’ Filton’s attempt worked, and Soarame stopped running. ‘You just told me yesterday, remember?’
‘Of course, grey is different from white.’ Filton smiled at Soarame but he sighed inside — if this boy didn’t have a problem with his young brain, then he was doing a good imitation of it. However, Filton would never hurt Soarame’s feelings. ‘What about red, then? I remember it was your favourite colour before.’
‘It’s not red, it’s purple!’ Soarame clapped his hands. ‘You taught me that long ago!’
‘Oh, sure, sure.’ Filton stroked Soarame’s little head. At first the boy used to shout ‘Red, white, yellow, green’, but now three words out of four had been replaced. Thinking of that, Filton had a sudden idea. ‘So it’s not green, it’s blue?’
‘Yes!’ Soarame was running and jumping around. ‘Blue, blue!’
‘OK, it’s blue.’ Filton was not sure what he could do with this little boy; he had become used to his odd behaviour during his first few years of life. Wait, what about yellow, then? Maybe it’s not yellow, it’s orange? Thinking of this, Filton asked the boy.
‘No, it’s yellow.’ Soarame stopped and looked at Filton, seemingly surprised. ‘I thought you were smart?’
‘Well…’ Filton almost got choked on hearing this. ‘I am, but maybe not as smart as you are.’
‘It is yellow, right?’ Soarame pointed at something. ‘Orange is different. You said that before.’
Hmm… did I? Puzzled, Filton couldn’t help asking. ‘What yellow? Where?’
‘Here. See?’ Soarame was still pointing at something. It was hard to tell if the “something” was nearby or far away.
‘See what?’ Filton went over to the boy and looked in the direction he was pointing. Come on, there’s nothing there!
‘The yellow dot!’ Soarame seemed to be confused too. ‘Between the blue one and the purple one!’
‘What yellow dot?’ Filton was totally confused. ‘Blue where? Purple where?’
‘What’s wrong with you?’ Soarame became impatient. ‘They are right here! Oh, the yellow dot has flown away now.’
‘What are you talking about?’ Filton sensed something strange. For years he had believed that the boy had some kind of impairment, which probably had to do with language and movement; but now he was thinking he might be wrong. It seemed that Soarame was seeing something colourful and was therefore trying to describe it — or maybe them.
‘Your eyes are bad!’ Soarame seemed very unhappy. ‘There are so many of them!’
‘Oh, I see.’ Filton decided to play along. ‘So you were running because you were chasing them?’
‘Yes, but they keep flying away.’ Soarame seemed frustrated. ‘I can’t catch them.’
‘OK, let me try.’ Filton was determined to figure out exactly what was happening to Soarame, so he asked the boy to point at one of the mysterious ‘them’, and tried to snatch it out of the air —
‘No, it just flies away, see?’ Soarame shouted in frustration. It seemed that Filton’s first attempt had failed.
‘You aren’t aiming right!’ The second attempt seemed to be worse.
‘What are you doing? You missed it completely!’ The third attempt, again, no luck.
‘I’m done with you!’ Soarame finally ran out of patience, and rushed out of the house to play. 
‘Be careful! Don’t come back too late!’ Filton was sweating all over after his intense bout of elusive dot-chasing. He watched the boy run out, deep in thought. Maybe I should take him to a doctor. Filton had always wanted to do that, but seeing a doctor was expensive, so he had always hesitated to do it. 
The town had always been a safe place, so Filton was happy to let Soarame go out of the house by himself. He knew that Soarame was probably just going to walk around near a small school that lay close by. However, what Filton didn’t know was that the school kids didn’t really like Soarame — they knew about his strange habit of calling out colours no one could see, and they didn’t like it, especially the boys. Right at that moment, Soarame was surrounded by several schoolboys older and bigger than him —
‘Soarame, it’s you again?’ One boy said. ‘What’s your colour this time?’
‘It must be pink.’ Another mocked; the gang burst into laughter. ‘Right? The drift?’
‘You are the drift! Go away!’ Soarame didn’t know why the boys were calling him ‘drift’, and tried to break away from the gang; but they pushed him back into the middle of the group.
‘You want to go somewhere, drift?’ A boy sneered. ‘Show me some colours and I’ll let you go.’
‘I said go away!’ Soarame struggled, but he was too small and all alone. Someone slapped him on the head and he fell over. The boys were all laughing and mocking him. One boy decided to kick Soarame and then the others joined in.
‘Go away!’ Soarame was hurting all over. This had never happened before. Although the boys seemed to be annoyed by Soarame’s colour counting around them, they didn’t usually get physical about it — perhaps because Filton was also there. But this time, the gang had found a perfect chance; Soarame was alone and unprotected.
‘Say you are pinky pink, and then I’ll let you go.’ A big boy kicked Soarame’s leg.
‘Sure — you are pinky pink!’ Soarame got up from the ground and tried to force his way out of the circle.
‘Oh, no you don’t!’ The boy was angry. He grabbed Soarame’s collar and dragged him back down. The gang started to kick him again. ‘Say ‘I am pinky pink’!’
‘I know you are!’ Soarame was curled up on the ground, yelling at his tormentors. Although he was afraid and anxious, he was not willing to give in to them.
‘Damn it!’ The boys were getting madder. They kicked harder and harder. ‘Say Soarame is pinky pink!’
‘Soarame… is…’ Through his pain and fear, Soarame suddenly saw something that had never happened before — the colourful dots that he always saw, but had never been able to reach, seemed to be accumulating around his body. Especially the grey dots; they actually landed on Soarame’s hands and feet, making him feel somehow fresh and cool. At the same time, a thought flashed into his mind —
‘GREY!!!’
Soarame suddenly stretched all four limbs, pushing and kicking outwards. A blast of wind came from nowhere, and the boys were all blown away from Soarame, falling over in the mud.
‘What happened?’ Soarame stood up and stared at his hands. They still looked exactly as they had always done, but the grey dots seemed to have gone. Before Soarame had a chance to think about what had happened, the boys were getting up too, and they all looked confused.
‘What was that?’ A boy asked the others. No one could come up with an answer.
‘Let’s get him!’ Another one yelled. ‘It was just a funny gust of wind!’
Seeing the boys coming towards him, Soarame started to run right away. He wasn’t as big as they were, but he was quicker than all of them, so it didn’t take much time for him to get back home. The gang stopped chasing him sooner than Soarame had expected, probably because they didn’t want to confront Filton. However, they still yelled at Soarame from behind. ‘If you tell the old man about us, you are pinky pink!’
Soarame was breathing heavily when he arrived home. That’s awesome! He was pumped from his encounter with the gang, and excited that the grey dots had finally come to him. He felt as if he had done something extraordinary, though he didn’t quite know what. He had always felt that the grey dots seemed to like him, but nothing like this had ever happened before.
‘Soarame, what’s the matter?’ Filton opened the door, and saw his boy with dishevelled hair and a dirty face. ‘God, who did this to you?’ Filton checked Soarame up and down and found some bruises. ‘Was it the schoolboys? Tell me!’
‘No, I’m ok.’ Soarame brushed the dirt from his body.
‘No, you’ll take me to them, and I’ll talk to their parents.’ Filton held Soarame’s hand and tried to make him walk out. ‘Was it Jay? Or Matthew?’
‘No, it wasn’t.’ Soarame said. ‘And anyway I beat them with grey!’
‘What grey? Cut it out!’ Filton was no longer in the mood for colours. He’d never seen his boy get bullied and that had really upset him. ‘Soarame, you need to tell me what happened and who they are!’
‘Help! Someone help!’
The scream came from somewhere in town. Filton looked out and saw several people running towards his house, and some other people looking around in confusion. There was trouble, but no one seemed to know what was going on. Then there was another scream —
‘Boar! Run!’
‘Watch out!’
‘What a weird day!’ Filton frowned. ‘How could a boar be here in town?’ As a tree-feller, Filton had encountered lots of wild animals like boars, but they only showed up in the wild forest and never came close to a town. Filton was wondering if those people had mistaken something else for a boar, until he saw the beast with his own eyes —
‘Holy crap!’ Filton dashed back into the house and fetched an axe, then closed the door before rushing out. ‘Soarame, stay inside!’
‘Everyone! Come and help!!’
The street was in total chaos. As Filton had seen, it was a ferocious beast, although he was not certain if it was indeed a boar — he had never seen one as big as an elephant before. The beast was about ten feet tall, with a giant head and nose just like boar’s, and a pair of boar-like tusks over three feet long. Its eyes were red and its body was covered by some kind of black fur, long and thick. Right then the beast was on the rampage, tearing around, ripping things up. If it had been aiming at people, some would have been killed.
‘Filton, thank god you’re here!’ Everyone was happy to see Filton come to help. ‘You are the expert, so tell us what to do!’
‘I would if it was just a boar!’ Filton yelled. ‘But I don’t think it is! Unless its mother accidentally over-fed it!’
‘Wooaaal!’ The beast let out a strange noise, and stood like a bear, roaring.
‘No, I don’t think it’s the mother’s fault — that’s not a boar! Something’s wrong!’
‘What, then?’
‘Defend yourselves! This beast can knock down houses, so don’t try to hide under a roof!’ Filton yelled at everyone. ‘We don’t know what it is, so don’t attack, just stick together!’
‘Wooaaal!’ The beast pounced on a lone man, knocking him away as if he were a stray leaf. Filton reluctantly led the other men to attack the beast, hacking and slashing at it with all kinds of weapons. However, the boar seemed to have a really thick layer of skin; it was very difficult for Filton to hurt it, even with the tree-felling axe. After a few rounds back and forth, everyone was frightened.
‘We can’t beat it!’ People started to fall back. ‘What now?’
‘We can’t admit defeat! This monster is knocking down our houses!’ Filton yelled anxiously. ‘If we let it go right through the town, it’ll be a disaster and we’ll all be homeless! Let alone the deaths and injuries it will cause!’ Filton was right; especially as his house would probably be the next one to get knocked down, and Soarame was there.
‘But we can’t… Arghhh!’ A man tried to argue with Filton, but the beast threw him up to the air and he landed unconscious.
‘Damn it!’ Filton cleaved hard at the beast’s neck with the axe once again. This time he did hurt it, but cutting through its tough skin, the axe got stuck in the muscle and could not be taken out. At the same time, the beast was enraged by the sharp pain; it swung its neck and tossed Filton away like a roll of paper. Filton landed right on the steps of his own house. His forehead smashed against the wooden handrail, and he bled furiously.
‘Filton! Watch out!’ The townsfolk were dumbfounded to see this. They wanted to help, but no one dared to charge at the beast any more. The enraged beast was swinging its neck left and right, and managed to throw the axe off soon enough. The next second, the beast turned towards Filton, clearly ready to launch its next attack.
‘NO!!’
Right then, the door of Filton’s house opened and a boy jumped out. ‘Filton, here!’
Filton was terrified to see this. ‘Soarame, go back in! Don’t you dare!’ There was chaos around the house; some men tried to get close to Filton and Soarame, but they were all shaking and hesitating.
‘GO AWAY!’ The little boy was howling at the huge boar. Everyone was waiting for the beast to strike; some women had already started screaming and crying.
‘Woooo….’ However, the beast’s reaction surprised everyone. It pulled back right away, seeming to sense threat somehow and hesitated. Instead of pouncing on Filton, it kept pacing around him, but didn’t move closer.
‘GO! AWAY!! YELLOW!!’ While everyone was stunned to see this, Soarame stepped right behind Filton and howled as loudly as he could. Although the boy tried his best, his voice was still neither scary nor commanding. In fact, it was not even that loud. However, the next second, the beast turned around and ran away. The townsfolk looked on, dumbfounded, jaws hanging like they were about to drop off.
‘What the heck?’ Filton struggled to his feet on shaky legs. His knees were knocking like his legs were trying to clap. ‘Soarame, didn’t I ask you to stay inside?’
‘Hey, Filton, he saved your life!’ Everyone came over to check the wound on his forehead. They were also looking Soarame up and down with wide, frightened eyes. ‘Soarame, what did you do?’
‘I ask it to leave!’ Soarame answered aloud.
‘Of course.’ The neighbours were amused, despite their remaining fear. ‘What exactly did you say? Go away, yellow?’
‘Yes! It’s yellow and I think it’s afraid of purple!’ Soarame seemed to remember something. He looked down at his hands to see that the purple colour was fading — a few minutes ago, when Filton was in danger, the colourful dots had started to gather around him again; this time the purple ones. Although Soarame didn’t know what they could do, he was filled up with courage and had decided to strike back at the scary beast.
‘The beast is yellow?’ People were not sure if they should agree with that. The beast was apparently black, or perhaps dark brown. As for purple… there was nothing purple at all.
‘Never mind, just leave it.’ Filton waved towards the crowd. ‘Let’s take care of the wounded first, then the collapsed houses.’ 
‘Right! You don’t really think a five-year-old scared the beast off, do you?’ Another man agreed. ‘There must be something else, like it suddenly missed its daddy.’
People giggled and walked away to help. After all, no one was badly injured and it was all over, so everyone was happy to have survived. Filton was injured, so he didn’t have to offer his labour. Instead, people specifically asked him to take a good rest and look after the odd little boy, whose brain seemed to function in such a strange way.
The rumour about what had happened, though, started to spread. Most people talked proudly about how they fought bravely against the beast, and finally defeated it. Of course, Filton and Soarame were in the story; but, as the story went, the beast ran away because it feared the crowd of brave townsfolk. Soarame, on the other hand, was a poor kid living in an illusion. The kid had tried to talk to a beast using human language — and then there was all that weird stuff about colours.
‘Your boy should probably go to see a doctor.’ That’s what people said to Filton before they left. Filton was partially convinced, because of all Soarame’s odd behaviour in the past, but he also somehow believed that it was indeed Soarame who had made the beast leave. Nothing really made sense though, and Filton was at a loss for what to believe.

****

One day, Filton was watching Soarame again — chasing something that he claimed was colourful, yet appeared totally transparent. Right then there came a knocking on the door. 
‘Greetings!’ An old man was standing outside, wearing dishevelled and dirty clothes. 
‘Hello, can I help you?’ Filton assumed the man was a beggar, as this man was wearing even worse clothes than himself.
‘Yes, I need some help, but it’s hard to explain…’ The old man said, embarrassment visible on his face. 
‘Not a problem at all.’ Filton smiled. ‘I will get the loaf and water for you right now, but, sorry I don’t have any coin to spare.’ 
‘That’s nice of … wait, what?’ The old man seemed stunned. 
‘Sorry, I know this house looks big, but I’m really not rich at all.’ Filton sighed and was about to turn around. 
‘Hold on…’ A look of realisation crossed the old man’s face and he immediately spoke up. ‘I would just like to rent a spare room from you, if you have one. I’m new to this town.’
‘Pardon?’ Filton was a little surprised. This old man was indeed a new face, but he did not seem to be able to afford a room. After chatting a bit and asking about this old man’s background, Filton was convinced that this man was no threat. ‘My name is Filton. Please come in, if you really think you can manage in this house.’
‘Scankeen. Pleasure to meet you.’ The old man definitely seemed like a gentleman with a decent education. Filton was worried that Soarame’s odd behaviour would bother the new tenant, so he asked the boy to play outside for a bit.
Scankeen had a very quick look around at three vacant rooms, and chose one of them immediately. ‘This should be enough for a year, but if not let me know.’
‘Err… sure… hmm…’ Filton was stunned when the old man put a bag of coins into his hand — five minutes ago he was trying to offer this man some free bread. ‘Scankeen, you don’t need to pay this much in advance.’ With that, Filton couldn’t help sizing Scankeen up — tall and thin in shape, white beard to his waist, wrinkles all over his face, and wearing a cloak matted with clay. Filton was amazed that this person could produce a bag of coins just like that.
‘It’s fine.’ Scankeen smiled. ‘I like the room.’
Filton shook Scankeen’s hand and walked away to let his new and only tenant settle down first. For some reason, Filton had had an odd feeling about Scankeen ever since he came in and checked around the rooms. But he couldn’t tell what exactly until he thought hard for a while — it seemed that Scankeen was quite familiar with the house. The way Scankeen went up the stairs, bypassed the obstacles and went to the rooms felt like how Filton himself would do it! 
‘Oh Filton, if you could show me to the woods that’d be great.’ Scankeen’s voice interrupted Filton’s thoughts. ‘No rush, when you go to work tomorrow.’
‘Sure, I go there almost every day, but tomorrow I need to take my boy to the doctor.’ Filton hurriedly answered. ‘How about the day after?’
‘Of course.’ Scankeen nodded. ‘What happened to your boy?’
‘He’s… he has some sort of problem with illusions.’ Filton considered a moment but decided to tell the truth. ‘I’m not sure if it’s the eyes or the brain.’
‘Oh? What did he see?’ Scankeen was curious.
‘I don’t know.’ Filton sighed. ‘He seems to see some colourful dots: purple, grey, yellow, blue.’
‘Really?’ Scankeen’s eyes widened on hearing this. ‘When will the boy be back?’
‘Probably soon.’ Filton was suddenly reminded of something and threw the wooden beam aside. ‘Oh my god, he had better not get into trouble this time!’
‘Filton, I’m back!’ Soarame showed up right on time.
‘Thank god, everything ok?’ Filton went to check Soarame and found some new bruises. ‘You need to tell me who did this to you, now!’
‘But I won!’ Soarame declared proudly. ‘They won’t tell their families either!’
‘They?’ Scankeen cut in. ‘You beat more than one?’
‘Five.’ Soarame was clearly proud of himself.
‘You guys need to stop this; fighting is wrong.’ Filton felt regretful. He should have spent more time on the boy rather than on work. ‘And I don’t believe that you can beat five bigger kids on your own.’
‘Not on my own, I beat them with grey!’ Soarame was unhappy to think Filton didn’t believe him. ‘You don’t believe I won?’
‘I don’t care who wins. If you fight again you are grounded.’ Filton held Soarame’s shoulders. ‘If you promise me you’ll quit fighting, I’ll be your horse to ride, deal?’
‘Deal!’ Riding a horse had been Soarame’s favourite game since he was born; of course, his horse was Filton. Ever since Filton had let Soarame ride him for the first time, Soarame kept asking every day, and giving Filton real headaches.
‘Actually, I believe you.’ Scankeen suddenly cut in and signalled Filton to hold on. ‘What is the grey that you mentioned? Can you show me?’
‘They only come to me when I’m fighting.’ Soarame shook his hands. ‘But they are here, you can see them.’
‘They?’ Scankeen seemed to catch on to something. He pointed somewhere in the air. ‘So you are talking about these small grey dots that keep swirling around in the air?’ 
‘Yes!’ Soarame was overjoyed. ‘See? Filton your eyes are bad! He can see it!’
‘What is going on?’ Filton was confused. He looked at Scankeen. ‘You are kidding him, right?’
‘No, he’s not!’ Soarame yelled before Scankeen had a chance to speak. ‘He can see them!’
‘Well, let me make sure we are talking about the same thing.’ Scankeen seemed really excited for some reason, as his breathing became rapid. ‘Where are the grey ones now?’
‘Oh my god!’ Soarame’s eyes suddenly widened. ‘They are in your hands! How did you do that?’
‘Oh my god.’ Scankeen was stunned. ‘You really can see them!’
‘What is going on?’ Filton was stunned too.
‘What else can you see?’ Scankeen asked urgently, totally ignoring Filton. ‘Any other colour?’
‘Purple, grey, yellow, blue!’ Soarame’s answer reminded Scankeen that Filton had mentioned it before. ‘Can you put purple in your hand?’
‘Oh dear, sorry I can’t.’ Scankeen seemed to be frustrated. ‘I can only summon grey — can you tell me where are they now?’
‘On your left foot!’ Soarame clapped his hands excitedly. ‘How did you do it?’
‘What. Is. Going. On?!’ Filton yelled. ‘You people are kidding me, right?’
‘I’m kidding no one.’ Scankeen finally realized that he’d been rudely ignoring Filton. ‘Your boy is special — he can see magic elements!’
‘What?’ Filton was not sure if he’d got it right. ‘Magic?’
‘Yes, the colourful dots have a name — magic elements.’ Scankeen nodded seriously. ‘In other words, your boy has magic gifts and could grow up to be a wizard!’

MAGIC ELEMENTS


‘You must be making up stories, right?’ Filton looked at Scankeen with an odd expression on his face. ‘The dots are magic elements? You’re sure they are not see-stars in his eyes?’
‘If see-stars have different colours, they probably have a different name.’ Scankeen was amused to see Filton’s reaction. ‘Like rainbow-stars or something.’ With that, Scankeen handed a small piece of metal to Filton. It was of a fairly plain design but in an ancient style. On the surface two words were carved —
‘Sunrise Alliance?’ Filton read them out loud; this name rang a bell. ‘What is that? Why does it sound so familiar?’
‘So you have heard of this name before? Good.’ Scankeen was happy to hear this. ‘Maybe from books? Try to think where you know it from.’
‘The Sunrise Alliance! The wizards’ alliance!’ Filton suddenly smacked his own head. ‘It’s real?’ Filton had read stories about the alliance of wizards when he was little; but he had thought, like everyone else he knew, that they were just stories in books! Filton doubted if anyone in the town actually believed in it.
‘As real as this wand.’ Scankeen took out a stick and let it go. The stick didn’t drop but floated there, making Filton stare and prompting Soarame to scream. ‘Grey! Grey is on the stick now!’
‘Yes. The grey dots are elements for Wind magic.’ Scankeen stroked Soarame’s head and looked at Filton. ‘Now do you believe us? Your son doesn’t have problems with his eyes, or his brain — thank god we met each other!’
‘You have problems with your eyes and brain!’ Soarame was clever enough to understand what was going on. He made faces at Filton and then looked at Scankeen. ‘He’s not my dad, he’s my uncle!’
‘OK, excuse me. But I just want you to know that there are quite a number of wizards in the world.’ Scankeen was amused by both Soarame and Filton’s faces. ‘This town is very small and rural, to be honest. If you lived in one of the big cities, especially the capital, you might actually see wizards once in a while.’
‘Oh my… so the tale of the Great Stanfaul Libral is real, too?’ Filton dragged his eyes away from the floating wand to look at Scankeen, but his mind was still immersed in his memories of the stories that he’d read as a child. ‘His Honour really led the Sunrise Alliance and saved mankind?’
‘It’s not a tale, it’s history.’ Scankeen nodded solemnly. ‘I’m glad you remember the name of Stanfaul Libral.’
‘Your Honour, I’m so sorry.’ Filton hurried to change the way he addressed Scankeen. ‘No one forgets his Honour’s name, and I should really dig out those books and read them again.’ If all this was real, then an ordinary person needed to address a wizard as your Honour — as the books said. Filton was embarrassed when he recalled the first moment he met Scankeen — Dear lord, did I just treat a wizard as a beggar? 
‘It’s fine, it all happened thousands of years ago and you are not the only one to think it’s a tale.’ Scankeen seemed to understand Filton’s worry. He waved his hands with a smile. ‘And most importantly, your nephew is going to be a wizard — if you will allow me to be his master and teach him magic!’

‘Is this real? Soarame could be a wizard?’ In the backyard of the house, Filton was watching Scankeen and Soarame playing games together. At that moment, Soarame was raised aloft in Scankeen’s arms, and he grabbed Scankeen’s beard and played with it. The beard pulling actually hurt, but Scankeen was still laughing with pleasure; it was Filton who became worried.
‘Soarame, enough!’ Commanded Filton. Soarame stopped immediately. 
‘Don’t scare him. This is my beard, not yours!’ Scankeen was laughing; he had already started spoiling the boy. ‘You like my beard? Just go ahead, no trouble!’ 
‘No, I’m ok.’ Exclaimed Soarame. ‘I want to play something else!’ 
‘What do you want to play?’ Scankeen asked. 
Soarame’s answer almost made Filton fall over. ‘I want you to be my horse!’ 
‘Oh no…’ Filton was struck by his horse headache again. Just when he wanted to stop Soarame, Scankeen had already answered the boy. ‘Soarame, do you want to ride a real horse?’ 
‘Yes!’ Soarame suddenly became excited. ‘But they are too big for me!’ 
‘Well, here’s a small one, just for you!’ Scankeen waved his hand and grabbed a wand out of nowhere, pointing at the middle of the backyard. With a whinny, a mini-horse — just the right size for Soarame — appeared, jumping and running around him. 
‘Woooww!’ Soarame shouted in mad joy. He couldn’t believe what he was seeing. ‘A real horse? Why is it so small?’ 
‘Because it’s for you, my boy.’ Scankeen was pretty happy with his work. ‘However, he can only be here for a few minutes, so why don’t you hurry up!’ 
‘Yeeesss!’ Soarame had never been so excited. He jumped onto the horse’s back. ‘Go, go, go!’ 
Standing aside, Filton wasn’t sure how many times he had been stunned today. It was his first time seeing real magic right in front of him. Soon enough, the little horse disappeared. Soarame, feeling disappointed, turned to Scankeen. ‘Where did he go?’ 
‘He went home.’ Scankeen smiled. ‘He’s a boy, just like you, so he had to go home because his family was summoning him.’ 
‘Oh… when can I see him again?’ Soarame asked. ‘And what’s his name?’ 
‘It’s Richie, and you can see him once a month.’ Scankeen smiled. ‘It was me who summoned him for you, but Richie’s family doesn’t want him to play with an old man like myself. So, if you can summon him yourself, that will help.’ 
‘How do I summon him?’ Soarame asked, hurriedly. 
‘Once you learn magic, you can summon him like when you asked grey for help.’ Scankeen lowered his head, watching Soarame face to face. ‘But it’s a much more difficult thing to do, so you will have to work hard.’ 
‘I will!’ Soarame exclaimed. ‘Teach me now!’ 
‘I will soon, but not now.’ Scankeen was happy about Soarame’s reaction. ‘Before you can summon Richie, you need to be able to summon grey — they are related.’ With that, Scankeen turned his hand and a large piece of carpet appeared. He recited some incomprehensible incantation aloud, and then tossed the cloth casually into the air. What happened next made Soarame shout again — the carpet was floating in the air, stretched wide. 
‘Grey is under the carpet!’ Screamed Soarame, excited. 
‘Yes, that’s why it’s called a magic carpet.’ Scankeen held Soarame and sat on the carpet. With a swing of his hand, the carpet began flying up and down in the air. Soarame had never experienced anything like this; he squealed with pleasure. Scankeen was satisfied by the boy’s reaction. ‘See? When you can control grey like this, I’ll teach you how to summon Richie!’

It took quite some efforts to get the over-excited boy to go to bed. After that, Filton finally had a chance to sort out his questions with Scankeen.
‘So grey is wind?’ Filton asked, amazement in his eyes.
‘Magic elements for Wind Magic appear grey in colour, after they are visualized.’ Scankeen rephrased his explanation. ‘That’s the technical way to put it.’
‘I see…’ Filton nodded. ‘But what exactly are magic elements anyway?’
‘The short answer is, they are the source and resource of magic.’ Scankeen was prepared for this. He lifted the teapot and poured a stream of tea into his cup. ‘Think about it this way: let’s say this tea stream is a magic spell, then each water drop within it is a magic element. In this case, the water drops are Water magic elements and the spell is a Water Magic Spell.’
‘I see!’ Filton tapped his finger on the table. ‘So they are the magic itself?’
‘Correct. Same story here; Wind elements formed Wind magic and flew the carpet, as you just saw.’ Scankeen was happy to see himself understood. ‘Wizards can perform magic because they can sense and summon magic elements. Without the elements, there is no sense of magic in the first place.’
‘What about purple, yellow and blue, then?’ Filton followed up.
‘Each colour represents a different type of magic element; in formal terms, a different lineage.’ Scankeen picked up his cup and enjoyed the tea. ‘Let me check tomorrow and make sure before I answer you.’
‘OK. So only wizards are able to see magic elements?’ Filton followed up asking. ‘Such as Soarame and your Honour?’
‘Yes and no. It’s not that simple.’ Scankeen was stroking his beard, as if he was thinking about something. ‘I never said I can see them; I can only sense them, because I’ve practised magic all my life. However, Soarame can literally see them with his naked eyes, and without even learning magic — that is something substantially different.’
‘Although magic elements do exist in the world, they are not supposed to be seen — not even by wizards. Usually, wizards can sense them only with great concentration; they need to calm down and close their eyes, eliminating any distraction brought by vision. Only through this can they sense the colourful dots of the magic elements that are all around.’ Seeing that Filton was so keen to understand, Scankeen patiently explained the basics. ‘Soarame, on the other hand, can see magic elements with his eyes open. As far as I know, very few wizards can do that; and they don’t include me.’ 
‘Sorry, I’m a little confused.’ Filton was anxious to hear this. ‘It’s a good thing for Soarame, right?’
‘Generally yes, because it’s a special gift even among wizards.’ Scankeen seemed as if he was going to say something more, but he decided not to after pondering a little.
‘Generally?’ Filton caught Scankeen’s hesitation and wouldn’t let go.
‘Don’t worry; it’s too early just yet.’ Scankeen waved his hands. ‘The first thing to do is to give Soarame a magic test tomorrow and see what exactly he can see. And I presume you don’t need to take him to a doctor any more.’
‘That is true, thank you so much!’ Filton was so happy for this. Soarame’s colour counting had been confusing him for years. ‘Our neighbours all think Soarame has an illness, now they need to know that they are totally wrong!’
‘Actually, they’d better not.’ Scankeen pondered a bit and then spoke. ‘We don’t want the neighbours to know about Soarame having magic gifts, because we don’t want this to spread about — the magic world can be more dangerous than you think, and Soarame is too little just yet.’
‘Oh?’ Filton puzzled. ‘You suggest we keep it secret?’
‘Yes. If people know it they will spread the word and cause chaos.’ Scankeen nodded. ‘And I’m even thinking about making a fake name for myself.’
‘Would that really be necessary?’ Filton didn’t understand this.
‘What if I tell you that I’ve been personally hunting some evil wizards and they hate me? They don’t know I’m here, so we don’t need to worry right now; but I don’t want Soarame to be implicated when he grows up, if he accidentally mentioned my name.’ Scankeen crossed his hands, as if he were thinking deeply. ‘But the good thing is that Soarame doesn’t seem to have heard my name, so it’s not too late to fake one.’
‘Dear lord, I see.’ Filton was alerted. ‘I’ll certainly keep your real name a secret, but what fake name do you have in mind?’
‘Well, first of all, don’t call me “your Honour” any more. As for the name…’ Scankeen pondered a bit and came up with this. ‘How about Stunfolk? A variant from the Great Stanfaul Libral’s first name, you know.’
‘Err…’ Filton indeed became a stunned folk. Thinking it over quickly, Filton tried to be polite. ‘It’s not bad, but would it be better to make it Swanfolk?’ 
‘You mean more poetic?’ Scankeen muttered. ‘How about Swanflew then?’ 
‘Swanflew? Sure, that’s… that’s good.’ Filton was not sure if the new name was poetic, but at least it was better than Stunfolk. ‘I can tell that you adore the Great Libral. We have all heard his story, but you must know a lot more than us.’ 
‘Yes, he was a great, great man. Won us our freedom, founded the Sunrise Alliance, and did many other things just as profound.’ Scankeen nodded, full of respect. ‘I didn’t just hear about his story; I was there to witness a part of it.’ 
‘Pardon? You met His Honour in person?’ Filton asked, astonished. 
‘Oh yes, but back when I was just a young man.’ Scankeen smiled. ‘About your age.’ 
It had been quite a while since the last time Filton was told something like that; it felt kind of odd to a fifty-year-old. Scankeen instantly realized this. ‘You may not believe this, but I was born in 3425 CC.’ 
‘Oh no, it’s fine… wait… what?’ Filton almost choked upon hearing this. ‘Pardon me? 3425 CC?’ 
‘Yes, older than you thought, I know.’ Scankeen smiled, his hand stroking his long beard.
When was 3425 CC? Filton calculated in his mind. It’s now 3896 CC, so Scankeen was born more than four hundred years ago? He’s nearly five hundred years old? 
God, is he immortal? Or is it just a joke? Filton felt that these things were beyond his understanding. 
‘I know it sounds unusual.’ Scankeen was expecting this reaction from Filton. ‘Wizards are able to live much longer by soaking up the energy of the environment and being nourished by the magic elements. The greater a wizard’s magic power, the longer his lifespan will be. Now you can imagine how many bad guys I’ve been going after in the last five hundred years. So keep in mind, my name is Swanflew from now on.’
‘Swanflew? OK…’ Filton’s eyebrow arched. ‘How about this: let’s make it Mr. Swanflew, and no one will know your first name. What do you think?’ 
With that, Mr. Swanflew came into being and stepped into Soarame’s life. Thanks to him, Soarame’s colour counting problem was finally solved and everything looked like it was going to work out perfectly. Luckily, Scankeen didn’t know Soarame’s first impression of his poetic name selection — 
 Swineflu? What is that? 

‘Morning, Mr. Swanflew.’ The next morning, Filton brought Soarame to Scankeen for the magic test.
‘Come on in!’
‘Dear lord, what is this?’ Filton and Soarame were both dumbfounded to see this completely new world in Scankeen’s bedroom. One second ago they’d seen Scankeen holding a negligible stone-like gem, and the next second they were somehow teleported to this new world — standing in the middle of a big yard. Filton could see an ancient castle not too far away, and, strangely, there was some vague roaring from inside the castle.
‘What is that?’ Filton was worried about the abnormal noise.
‘Don’t worry, this place is very safe and no one will get hurt here. We are inside a palatorium — a magic space within the gem you just saw. From now on, I’ll teach Soarame magic here.’ Scankeen smiled and turned to Soarame. ‘Soarame, you can call me “master” from now on. Do you like this place?’
‘Yes, master!’ Soarame couldn’t wait. ‘Is Richie here too?’
‘He’s not right now, but he can be here when the time comes.’ Scankeen winked at Soarame. ‘Remember our agreement?’
‘Yes!’ Soarame exclaimed. ‘I want to learn magic right now!’
‘Hmmm…’ Scankeen was happy to see this. ‘Good, but can you tell me what magic is?’
‘Magic is to summon Richie!’ Soarame came up with this, eyes twinkling.
‘Well… yes and no. Richie is a magic-gifted animal, which is usually shortened to magimal. But magic is not just for summoning a magimal.’ Scankeen stroked his beard, amused. ‘However, you do need to be a wizard in order to make friends with magimals like Richie, and hence be able to summon them.’
‘Master, I don’t understand!’ Soarame grabbed Scankeen’s robe and tugged it. ‘Can I summon Richie after I learn magic, or not?’
‘Soarame, remember the magic carpet?’ Filton cut in. ‘If you can fly, why do you want to ride a horse?’
‘Richie is not just a horse!’ Soarame protested. ‘He’s my friend!’
‘It’s good to hear that. Wizards and magimals ought to be friends.’ Scankeen went on. ‘But magimals like Richie only make friends with wizards, so you need to learn magic properly first. In particular, you need to develop enough mind power.’
‘Mind power?’ Soarame asked. ‘What is that?’
‘Well, good question.’ Scankeen patted Soarame’s shoulder and started his lecture. ‘In order to understand mind power, you’ll need to first understand magic elements...’
It didn’t take Soarame long to accept the knowledge of magic elements. Scankeen was happy to see a fresh mind absorbing new ideas much faster than grown-ups, so he continued to talk about mind power —
‘The basic idea of performing magic is to use your mind to summon magic elements, bringing them under your control. Remember how your beat the boys with grey? That’s exactly what happened — your fear helped you summon Wind elements. Remember exactly how you beat them?’
‘I blew them away!’ Soarame’s eyes brightened. ‘It was Wind!’
‘It certainly was.’ Scankeen nodded. ‘So, you can see, as a wizard you have a special power to control magic elements. This power is called mind power. It’s one of the most important things to a wizard.’ 
‘Mind power is consumed as the magic is being performed — like how, when a pot of water boils, it vaporises.’ Seeing Soarame totally immersed in the lesson, Scankeen was pleased. ‘Now try to recall, after you blew them away, what did you feel?’
‘I felt tired.’ Soarame answered aloud. ‘Because I had lost mind power?’
‘You didn’t lose it; you used it. It will come back after you take a good rest.’ Scankeen ruffled Soarame’s hair and continued. ‘Usually, a wizard’s mind power is large, so instead of a pot of water, it’s actually an ocean, called the mind ocean; and the water in the mind ocean is mind power itself. The mind ocean is the core part of a wizard’s mind — it’s not material, but does reside inside the brain in a special form.’ 
‘Master, I don’t understand!’
‘It’s ok. It’s hard to understand at first.’ Scankeen was not expecting the boy to understand this immediately. ‘When you are able to sense your own mind ocean, you are ready to become a wizard.’
‘Right now, your mind ocean hasn’t fully developed, so the instinctive Wind trick was not a proper spell and you are not a wizard yet.’ Scankeen tried to make sense of it all. ‘When you learn how to cast spells, you become a Novice wizard. A wizard’s rank is according to his magic power: from a Novice, to an Adept, then to an Expert wizard, and finally a Master. Each level demands a larger and denser mind ocean to qualify.’ 
‘Denser?’ Soarame asked. 
‘Yes, a higher level of magic demands a higher quality of mind ocean as its support, as well as more of it.’ Scankeen was pleased to see that Soarame was indeed paying attention. ‘It may sound confusing, but think about it this way: in order to float a boat on the ocean, the size of the ocean doesn’t help, but the density does.’ 
‘Err…’ Soarame was totally lost.
‘Don’t worry about it for now; this has been too much information for one day.’ Scankeen didn’t want to rush. ‘Now, let’s do something more interesting, to test what I taught you today.’ 
‘Soarame, put your hand on this crystal ball and concentrate. Imagine you are in danger, and ask all the magic elements you can see to help you.’ With that, Scankeen flipped his hand and there appeared a crystal ball. ‘Try to feel your mind power, and with it drive the magic elements into the crystal ball.’ 
Soarame took the crystal ball and did as Scankeen instructed. Soon enough, the crystal ball began to light up, with different colours shining outward. 
Good! Although prepared to see this, Scankeen was still excited — the multi-coloured crystal ball was solid proof that Soarame could perform more than one lineage of magic. The crystal ball was specially made to show the existence of the magic elements to everyone — one did not need to be a wizard. Even for senior wizards like Scankeen, it was easier to observe magic elements with the crystal ball; so all wizards used it for testing purposes.
‘Oh my! These are magic elements?’ Filton marvelled at seeing the different colours. ‘They are beautiful!’
‘Yes, the world is beautiful, thanks to them.’ Scankeen had believed that Soarame was most gifted in Wind, so the dominant colour should be grey. However, it turned out to be — purple!
Soarame was certainly doing a great job; the purple dots became more and more dense. Checking again, Scankeen noticed other colourful dots there too, but they were fewer than the purple ones and hence not as remarkable. But still, he could see that there was a decent amount of grey dots, a reasonable amount of blue dots, and a small number of yellow and white dots.
‘No wonder Soarame was counting them everywhere.’ Filton’s eyes were wide. ‘I see Wind elements as the grey ones, but what about the rest?’
‘Purple for Lightning, blue for Water. These two are sufficient that Soarame will be able to practise them.’ Scankeen measured carefully and reached his conclusion. ‘Yellow for Earth and white for Light, but as you can see those are few, which means Soarame is not as good at them as the first three.’
‘So there are five types of magic elements in total?’ Filton asked.
‘Actually, there are seven. Fire and Darkness don’t show up, but that’s completely normal because no one is supposed to have gifts in all seven lineages.’ Scankeen frowned, as if he was thinking about something. ‘The abnormal thing is that he is most gifted in Lightning… that’s strange.’
‘What’s wrong with that?’ Filton asked.
‘Nothing, but it’s very rare. Lightning elements are the most unbridled ones and thus very few can control them.’ Scankeen was staring at the crystal ball to make sure he did see purple as the most dominant colour. ‘Soarame, did you ever use purple on the boys? I hope not!’
‘No, purple only came to me for the boar.’ Soarame answered. ‘Then the boar ran away!’
‘What boar?’ Scankeen looked puzzled.
‘Oh dear, that’s what it was?’ Filton was thunderstruck. ‘Your Lightning scared off that beast?’
‘Yes! And it’s yellow!’ Soarame exclaimed. ‘Now I know it’s Earth magic!’
‘What?!’ Scankeen sounded anxious all of a sudden. ‘Soarame, did you say you saw a boar with Earth elements?’
‘I suppose that’s what he meant.’ Filton quickly told the story, and Soarame nodded in agreement. 
Scankeen seemed nervous after hearing the story. He took a deep breath. ‘That was a wild magimal! You were lucky to both survive!’
‘Magimal?’ Both Filton and Soarame were surprised. ‘That monster was a magimal too?’
‘A magimal is an animal with magic gifts. It could be smaller than Richie, or larger than that boar-like beast.’ Scankeen looked serious. ‘Plus, it can be either a friendly one that you can rely on, or an aggressive one that you have to fight against. That boar would be a wild, aggressive magimal with Earth magic gifts, so it must have been very muscular, with a very tough body.’
‘Yes, it was.’ Filton recalled that his axe couldn’t even cut into its neck, despite giving it his best shot as an experienced tree-feller.
‘Again, you were really lucky.’ Scankeen said. ‘For one thing, that magimal seemed to not really aim at people; it was just misbehaving itself for some reason. Second, the danger made Soarame summon Lightning elements and scare it off; again that was instinctive — Wind for less dangerous objects such as the boys, Lightning for fatal threats such as the boar, because Lightning spells are fatal too — the boar could tell that, so it fled!’
‘Holy god!’ Filton looked at Soarame and felt cold sweat all over his back. ‘It was really him? This boy saved me and everyone?’
‘Looks like it.’ Scankeen cracked a bitter smile when he noticed a flattered Soarame. ‘Boy, don’t you try it ever again; instinct may not always work!’
‘What shall I do then?’ Soarame didn’t seem to be quite convinced. ‘The boar destroyed people’s houses!’
‘Leave it to me, at least for now.’ Scankeen patted Soarame’s shoulder. ‘After you become an expert wizard, you will have your wizard trial, where you can encounter as many boars as you want!’
‘So, that’s why the neighbourhood houses were all broken?’ Scankeen then turned to Filton. ‘I’m here because your house is the first intact one that I found… what a coincidence!’
‘Well, should I thank the boar for this?’ Filton was surprised to learn all this. ‘So you want to visit the woods for… magimals?’
‘Well, if it weren’t for Soarame, I wouldn’t have said anything about it.’ Scankeen nodded. ‘The Sunrise Alliance observed a migration of wild magimals towards this area, so here I am. As far as I know, there were no magimals here before, am I correct?’
‘I believe so. At least not in my forty years living here, I’ve never seen or heard of any abnormal animals, until that boar showed up.’ Filton sensed the tense air in the room. ‘Are you saying danger is coming?’
‘It may not be that bad, so don’t worry too much.’ Scankeen tried to comfort Filton. ‘As you already witnessed, the boar-like magimal didn’t really target people. But of course, I’ll take precautions and try to keep those visitors out of town.’
‘Thanks so much, Scan… Mr. Swanflew.’ Filton was so grateful to hear that. ‘No wonder people didn’t know about the existence of wizards; your Honours kept the danger out of people’s sight.’
‘When we are able to do so. But not always.’ Scankeen nodded. He then realized that Soarame was still trying something with the crystal ball in his hand. The boy’s face was red from trying too hard. ‘Enough, Soarame, you got them.’ 
‘They don’t listen to me!’ Soarame was breathing heavily. ‘The red and black don’t listen to me, but I can see them!’ 
‘It’s ok. Soarame, take a break.’ Scankeen didn’t want the boy to be exhausted. ‘You can practise Lightning, Wind, and Water magic! That’s enough to summon Richie.’
‘Filton, just out of curiosity, where are Soarame’s parents?’ Scankeen suddenly asked. ‘He said you are his uncle?’
‘Yes, his parents are not here.’ Filton hesitated a bit. ‘May I ask why you want to know?’
‘Nothing, it’s just that the Lightning gift is very rare, as I mentioned.’ Scankeen was sizing up Soarame. ‘If possible I’d like to talk to his parents, to see if there’s anything special about them.’
‘Filton, where’s dad and mom?’ Soarame also asked. ‘Why do they call me “the drift”?’ Because of the annoying nickname, Soarame had been wondering about his parents. However, his uncle never talked about it — every time Soarame asked, Filton would distract him with a funny story or a toy and avoid the topic.
‘Well, it’s complicated.’ Filton pondered for a while. With the eager look from Soarame and suspicious look from Scankeen, Filton finally decide to tell the story.

THE HISTORY


‘Go, hurry!’ A number of tree-fellers were running out of the forest. ‘It’s going to rain, don’t stay under the trees!’
Clang! Suddenly, luminous lightning split the sky and the whole cloudy atmosphere glowed purple. Soon enough, a huge rumble of thunder burst out. 
‘How strong the lightning is!’ Everyone looked up. The man in the lead yelled. ‘Run faster! I don’t want to get hit and die here!’ 
Boom! After another fierce bolt of lightning, the deafening booms came one after another, totally terrifying the tree-fellers. The clouded sky was dim, with only the bright lightning flashes providing any sort of contrast, vanishing instantly after illuminating the heavens. The peals of thunder roared, one after another, growing fiercer and fiercer. Any of the lightning bolts could have randomly hit a tree and snuffed out all the lives around it.
‘What are you doing?’ Suddenly, one man in the middle of the group stopped running, causing people behind to bump into him. ‘Filton, move! Now!’
‘There’s something there!’ Filton pointed towards a rock not far away from them. ‘It’s a cotton bag!’
‘So?’ Another tree-feller, George, was not impressed at all. ‘You prefer your life or a cotton bag? There may not be anything in it!’
They all tried to drag Filton away, but Filton persisted. ‘Listen, what’s that?’
‘It sounds like crying They waited for a second, trying to distinguish the vague noise from the howl of the wind. ‘Is something crying in the bag?’
‘It’s a baby! For god’s sake!’ Filton rushed to the cotton bag and was totally shocked when looking into it. ‘Let’s take it before the rain really hits!’
‘A baby?’ They were all dumbfounded for a second, but then the thunder brought them to their senses. ‘Hurry up guys! Get it and get out here!’
‘Dear lord, what’s that!’ a tree-feller named James suddenly screamed, after a huge noise from somewhere nearby. Everyone saw the huge lightning bolt crash into a mountain named Cloud Soaring Peak — a mile away from the tree-fellers, but clearly visible. Something on top of the peak had been struck and flames rose towards the sky. It was probably a large tree creating a brush of crimson between the dim sky and the earth. 
‘Lolong!’ As always, the peal of thunder came after the flash vanished, but this time there was something else coming with it —
‘Ahhhh!’ 
‘Hey, did you hear that?’ Filton asked.
‘Who didn’t hear that?’ Answered the others. They had no chance to continue the conversation, because, out of nowhere, they found the earth beginning to shake. 
‘Oh my… an earthquake!’ 
Immediately, the group was in chaos. Everyone tried to keep his balance at the same time as trying to escape from the forest. They had barely made it back to the town where they lived, before the downpour totally soaked them. Screaming could be heard here and there from inside the town, and smashing noises as the earthquake shook houses to their foundations. Fortunately, the shaking and tumbling didn’t last too long and everything returned to normal after a while.
‘It’s a boy! Looks like a newborn!’ Filton took the crying baby out of the cotton bag and checked it; everyone came over and took a look. They had gathered at Filton’s place for shelter, because he had a relatively big house — it included his carpentry workshop. Half of this very old house was occupied by all kinds of tools and machines, and the other half was leaking. However, given that it was still standing after the earthquake, Filton had not got much to complain about.
‘That’s very strange.’ George frowned. ‘He does look like a newborn.’
‘What happened to his parents?’ Obviously, everyone was thinking the same thing.
‘Look, there’s a word printed on the bag.’ Filton stretched a corner of the cotton bag. ‘Jadeking — what’s that?’
‘It should be a family name.’ James commented. ‘Some families write their names on things like that.’
‘Do you recognize it, then?’ Filton asked. ‘Which family is that?’
‘Gee, how could I know?’ James shrugged his shoulders. ‘Never heard of it before.’
‘Suppose it’s indeed a family name, it’s not from our town.’ George said. ‘I know most people here but I’ve never heard of a Jadeking.’
‘Great, so we have an unnamed baby, and a soaring flame out there.’ Filton frowned. ‘What shall we do now?’
‘I don’t know. You found the baby.’ Most of his friends had families and they had all been struggling to survive, so no one could really afford a new baby. ‘So he’s yours. You said you wanted one before, right?’
‘Fine, I’ll take him.’ Filton was really happy about this. He once had a wife and a son himself, but the young man had died in a battle after growing up and joining the army of the empire. His wife had been sick after that, and also passed away years ago. Therefore, he was all by himself in this workshop, not sure what to do with the rest of his life. So it seemed that the baby had turned up at the right time.
‘Great, we’ll help you if we can.’ His friends were also glad about this. ‘If you need something, let us know.’
‘Well, help me find the Jadekings.’ Filton said. ‘If it’s really a family name.’
The crew agreed and left after the rain stopped. The search for the Jadeking family was not successful, at least not in the town where they lived. Nonetheless, Filton still decided to give the name to the baby. And that was how a baby boy, named Soarame Jadeking, showed up in a small town in Corrugon Peninsula, on the Thundeross Continent. 

With all of the rumours spread about the adopted boy, the menacing thunder and mysterious voice were all but forgotten — until the day Scankeen brought it up.
‘Mom and dad…’ Soarame muttered, tears welling up in his big eyes.
‘I’m sorry Soarame, but one day we will find them.’ Filton sighed. ‘Now you know why your family name is Jadeking.’
‘Sorry, I shouldn’t have asked about this.’ Scankeen regretted it. ‘I’ll help you find your parents, Soarame.’
Soarame nodded in silence. He didn’t really cry out loud like a child usually did — he was sobbing but quiet. Soarame had been influenced by Filton’s toughness towards hardships in life, so the little boy was actually tougher than people would normally expect.
Jadeking… Never heard of it. Scankeen was thinking hard but couldn’t find a clue in his memory. Sighing in his heart, he looked down into Soarame’s eyes. ‘Sweetheart, I’m sure you’ll find your mum and dad, especially after you become a wizard.’
‘Yes, I’ll fly on a magic carpet; it’s fast.’ Soarame wiped away the tears. ‘Teach me now!’
‘Tomorrow, I promise.’ Scankeen hugged the little boy with both arms. ‘Let me make sure this town is safe, so that you can learn magic, ok?’

The three of them left the palatorium and appeared back into Scankeen’s bedroom. Filton asked Soarame to stay in the house, and led Scankeen to the woods. They checked around and Scankeen performed something — it must have been magic of some kind — before they returned. Everything seemed to be fine according to Scankeen; but after Soarame went to bed, Scankeen came to Filton for a talk.
‘Sorry for the trouble.’ Scankeen sat down guiltily. 
‘No, don’t worry; it would have had to be revealed one day anyway.’ Filton poured some water for them both. ‘Thanks to you, at least Soarame has a goal to ease his pain.’
‘The Jadeking family, if it really is a family, must be something special.’ Scankeen looked Filton in the eyes. ‘If you remember, Soarame claimed he saw Fire and Darkness elements too, and he named the colours correctly.’
‘OK, that’s great.’ Filton was happy. ‘So he can practise all seven kinds of magic?’
‘No, he can only practise three lineages properly: Lightning, Wind and Water. As I mentioned, the rest are not strong enough.’ Scankeen shook his head. ‘But three is already a great gift; a larger number doesn’t always mean better.’
‘I see.’ Filton had to agree. ‘You mean focusing is more important, right?’
‘That is very true. A wizard with great skill in one lineage may beat three with normal skills in two.’ Scankeen was pleased to talk to a wise person. ‘In fact, if he has gifts in all seven, that will be worrying.’
‘Why?’ Filton didn’t understand. ‘He doesn’t have to learn all of them.’
‘And I’m not able to teach all of them. I can only teach him Wind.’ Scankeen nodded. ‘But the point is, no one is supposed to have gifts in all of the seven lineages. Do you know what seven means in magic?’
‘Hmm…’ Filton tried. ‘It means more than six?’ 
‘Well yes, that’s for sure.’ Scankeen had to chuckle. ‘Besides that, it means something much more serious — dragons!’ 
‘I beg your pardon?’ Hearing this, Filton almost choked on his water. 
‘Yes, dragons. You heard me.’ Scankeen didn’t look like he was kidding at all. ‘When wizards talk about all the seven lineages at the same time, “dragons” is always the first word that comes to their minds.’ 
‘Are you saying…?’ Filton tried hard to stay calm. ‘Don’t dragons only exist in the legends?’ 
‘No, dragons do exist.’ Scankeen shook his head. ‘It’s just that it has been so long since one was seen, therefore people tend to forget that’s all true history.’ 
‘If you mean the Great Libral and the Grant Migration, no one forgets that.’ Filton spoke in a solemn and respectful voice. ‘But it’s history after all, so you mean dragons did exist, right?’ 
‘No, they do exist.’ Scankeen cracked a bitter smile. ‘They never vanished, ever!’ 
‘What?’ Filton became extremely nervous. ‘Dragons still exist? The tale of the Holiness Continent in books is real?’ 
‘It is not a tale, Filton. It has never been.’ Scankeen’s voice became low. ‘As I said, it is history.’
‘The Great Stanfaul Libral, the Starter of History, the Grant Migration… They are all history, as they are all real!’ As Scankeen waved his hand, the candle was relit just before it ran out. Looking closer, Filton realized that the candle had already burned out, but the flame still remained, jumping and dancing about. 
‘Just like the flaming Fire elements in front of you, which do not rely on the candle, everything I’m going to tell you now is real!’ 

****

As everyone knew, there were six continents in the world: Thundeross, Snowhill, Knighton, Rainbow, Holiness, and Allsouls. Countless empires and kingdoms, big and small, had been founded on different continents — some powerful and enormous, some suffering from all kinds of problems. Most big empires were peaceful and prosperous, but some small kingdoms in chaotic areas could change overnight. Soarame and Filton were fortunate to have been born in Arkwald Empire, which was one of the biggest empires in the world; so although their town was rural and rather isolated, there were no worries about wars — at least, not so far. 
However, due to the isolated situation of the town, people there had gradually lost track of what was happening in the wider world, and even of what had happened in the past. Few still believed that there was actually a major period of time in history when dragons had dominated all the six continents. After all, even if it were true, that was four thousand years ago. 
Yes, dragons, one of the most powerful creatures on earth, both physically and magically. Any member of the dragon clans possessed a magnificently powerful body, tougher than most weapons. On top of that, all dragons were gifted with at least one magical lineage; many had more than one and some top-tier dragons had all seven. Because of their innate gifts, dragons were once the most powerful creatures on the six continents. They had enslaved other species, including mankind, until three thousand years ago. The details about this part of history had faded away as time passed, but everyone living on the six continents knew one thing: it was a man, named Stanfaul Libral, the greatest human wizard in history, who led the entire human race in a revolution against dragons, defeating them and forcing them to yield with a permanent Magic Pact of Peace. 
Since then, the era of humans had started on four continents out of the six — all except Holiness and Allsouls. Hence, Stanfaul Libral was crowned as the most powerful being on earth and called the Starter of History in the world of humans. Due to the mighty magic power of Stanfaul Libral, the dragon clans were forced to migrate to Holiness Continent, as a part of the Magic Pact of Peace. This migration of dragons was named the Grant Migration, as a reminder of the victory of the humans and the humiliation of the dragons. To celebrate the Grant Migration and the start of the new era, Stanfaul created the Cylone Calendar (CC) on the day that the Grant Migration was accomplished. The calendar was called Cylone because Stanfaul wanted it to be named in honour of his master, Albert Cylone. 
The four continents under human control had always had a large number of magimals and other species — such as Orcs, Druids, Elves and Dwarfs — living there too. Thanks to the peace since the Grant Migration, some of them had now grown to be as powerful as the dragons were in the old days. Hence, the Sunrise Alliance, founded by Stanfaul during the revolutionary war, had been keeping the peace between humans, magimals and the other races on the four continents governed by mankind. Dragons still lived on Holiness Continent and could not leave due to the restraints of the Magic Pact of Peace. As for Allsouls Continent, oddly, no book ever talked about it, as if it had vanished from the world.
Filton had heard some of the story before, but not all of it. Until Scankeen explained all this, he had had no idea that dragons were still locked in on Holiness Continent.
‘Dragons… Soarame?’ Filton was bewildered. ‘You think they have connections?’
‘Not at all, I don’t make random guesses.’ Scankeen waved his hands dismissively. ‘But it’s interesting to know that Soarame was born during a lightning storm and now has great Lightning gifts.’
‘So you think there is a connection between them?’ Filton’s mind was overwhelmed with too much information today.
‘I don’t know. I know lots of orcs were born in lightning storms, but I never knew one with Lightning gifts.’
‘There are orcs in our land?’ Filton was worried. ‘Is this real?’
‘For sure. They are not even that rare; it’s just that they don’t live near this town.’ Scankeen had clearly been to a lot of different places. ‘They tend to live in mountains, so if you go far enough west you can see their clans in the Dare Valley.’ 
‘The legendary Dare Valley?’ Filton’s eyes shone. ‘I’ve heard of it.’
‘Yes, it’s famous.’ Scankeen smiled. ‘It’s a dangerous place, even for wizards. There are lots of wild magimals in there, let alone orcs.’
‘Wild magimals?’ Filton asked. ‘Like the boar?’
‘Yes, most of magimals are wild. Magimals like Richie are a minority.’ Scankeen patiently introduced Filton to some more basic knowledge. ‘Magimals in the wilderness and mountains are all wild and fierce, and some of them are really scarily powerful — that’s how the Dare Valley got its name.’
‘I see… How about elves?’ Filton was really interested to learn. ‘Are they friendly?’
‘Well, it’s really complicated…’
Scankeen and Filton had a long talk overnight. For the first time in Filton’s life, he realised that the world was so much bigger and stranger than he had ever dared to imagine. He didn’t notice that the sun had risen until it was shining in his eyes.

‘Soarame, are you ready?’ In the palatorium there was only Scankeen and Soarame. Filton would not be observing the magic lessons. Scankeen preferred it this way — he wanted the boy to toughen up as a future wizard; being watched by his family all the time might soften him.
‘Yes, master.’ Soarame was feeling much less sad after some sleep. ‘Can you teach me how to fly now?’
‘Sure I can teach you now, but it takes time to learn.’ Scankeen chuckled. ‘You need to learn how to fly a leaf before you can fly yourself.’
‘I know how.’ Soarame crouched and blew at a leaf on the ground, so the leaf flew.
‘Well… not bad.’ Scankeen was amused. ‘But can you fly it without blowing?’
‘Yes, I can.’ Soarame crouched again and waved his hand really fast, and the leaf flew again.
‘Hmm… smart boy.’ Scankeen didn’t know what else to say. He stretched his index finger and pointed at the leaf. ‘How about this?’
The next second, the leaf started to spin and rise up, and then dance around in the air as if it were alive. Scankeen made it perform different tricks and circle around Soarame, making him cheer.
‘So, would you like to learn this?’ Scankeen let go of the leaf and it fell into Soarame’s palm. ‘When you are skilled with this, you can then try the magic carpet.’
‘Yes yes yes!’ Soarame was jumping with excitement. ‘Teach me now, please!’
‘I’m certainly going to.’ Scankeen patted Soarame’s head gently. ‘But magic can be dangerous, so I need you to promise me that you won’t hurt people with it.’
‘I won’t!’ Soarame couldn’t wait. ‘A leaf doesn’t hurt!’
‘Oh my boy, Wind magic can do so much more than just flying a leaf. You blew those boys away, remember?’ Scankeen could always manage to take out a crystal ball from somewhere — another duly appeared. 
‘Master, where did you hide it?’ Soarame caught hold of Scankeen and wouldn’t let go this time — the crystal ball was just too big to be hidden in his robe.
‘It’s called a space-ring. I put the crystal ball in there.’ Scankeen showed Soarame a ring on his finger. ‘It looks like a normal ring but there’s a room inside it, just like this palatorium but much smaller.’
‘Wow, can we get in there?’ Soarame wondered.
‘No, it’s different from a palatorium. A space-ring can only store items, so people cannot get in.’ Scankeen didn’t want Soarame to get distracted. ‘OK, now let’s take a look in the crystal ball and see what Wind can do.’
With that, the crystal ball suddenly began to shine, casting a large, dynamic hologram into the air. The scene cast showed the inside of a forest, where there were trees, rocks, rivers and all that; everything looked vivid, as if they were all real. Beside a big tree, a man was wearing a robe that looked similar to Scankeen’s. He was facing the other way with his back to Soarame, so the boy couldn’t see his face.
‘Wow.’ Soarame’s eyes and mouth were both wide open; he had never seen anything like this before. He could even hear the bird singing and the noise from insects, and perhaps small animals somewhere. Just when Soarame was about to ask something, there came a loud, bass roar from the deep forest. Soarame couldn’t tell what that was about, but it sounded scary, so he ran to Scankeen and grabbed his robe.
The roar sounded like it came from some beast of prey, and it became louder, as if the beast were approaching fast. Soarame swallowed subconsciously and stepped back behind Scankeen’s leg. He looked up to Scankeen’s face, expecting his master to say something, but Scankeen was silent.
‘Aawwuuu!’
The next second, something swooped out from the cover of the big trees, jumping on the man in robe. It was a really big, fierce and fast figure, looking like a bear of some sort, but covered with scales all over its body. 
Soarame was in a panic just watching, but the man in a robe was calm; he took a step sideways and dodged the swoop. The bear-like beast seemed to be surprised that its strike didn’t work; it stood up on its hind legs and started beating its chest like an ape. At the same time, the man in a robe turned around, facing the beast, so that Soarame could see his face vaguely — he was a handsome young man with sharp eyes. Although the beast stood up three times as tall as the man, he didn’t seem to be afraid at all. Looking at the beast, the young man stretched out his index finger and crooked it.
The beast seemed to understand what that gesture meant, and burst into anger at the sight of it. It roared like a thunder bolt with its mouth wide open. The next second, a blast of flame burst out from its mouth at the young man.
What’s that? Soarame was mind-blown because he knew that bears or apes couldn’t do that. So this beast had to be a spitfire monster of some kind!
The young man looked a bit more serious than previously. He jumped up to dodge the flame. While Soarame expected him to come down again in a second, he floated in the air.
‘Wind magic!’ Soarame couldn’t help screaming. ‘He’s a wizard!’
‘Indeed. Keep watching, boy.’ Scankeen patted Soarame’s head to ease his nerves. ‘Actually, let’s go over there and take a better look.’
‘No, it’s dangerous!’ Soarame dragged Scankeen’s robe hard backwards, making Scankeen chuckle.
‘It’s ok, Soarame. It’s not real, although it very much looks so.’ Scankeen grabbed Soarame’s hand. ‘Trust me. I’ll protect you if anything happens.’
Although Soarame didn’t really want to believe that, out of curiosity he walked slowly with his master, grabbing the hem of his robe firmly in his hand. This amused Scankeen; he picked Soarame up in his arms and paced towards the young wizard. Soarame put his arms round Scankeen’s neck and peeked at the battle. Right then, the young wizard started to speak —
‘Bend over to me and be my mount, and I’ll spare your pain.’
‘What’s that?’ Soarame lowered his voice and asked Scankeen. ‘Why is he talking to a monster?’
‘It’s not a monster. It’s a magimal. Remember what we talked about yesterday?’ Scankeen laughed. ‘And it’s ok to speak up, they won’t hear you — they are not even real.’
‘What are they if they aren’t real?’ Soarame wondered.
‘They are a part of my memory, and I store it in that crystal ball.’ Scankeen turned around to point at the crystal ball that he had put on the table. Then he waved to it and the entire scene stopped immediately — no more movement of any sort, and no more noise came out of it; even the robe of the young wizard stopped fluttering. ‘See that? They can’t hurt us at all.’
‘Wow…’ Soarame looked back and forth between the crystal ball and the scene, with bewilderment in his big eyes. ‘So is that man… you?’
‘No, it’s someone else. Just focus on the story for now, Soarame.’ Scankeen didn’t expect Soarame to understand this right away. ‘As you’ve seen, this is a magimal that can spell Fire. This young man is a Wind wizard, and they are going to fight.’
‘What did he talk to a magimal for?’ Soarame couldn’t help asking.
‘He wanted this magimal to be his mount — his horse, just like you and Richie.’ Scankeen teased Soarame by scratching the tip of his nose. ‘See how different magimals can be? Richie is small and super friendly, but this one is even bigger than the boar and tends to burn people.’
‘Wow…’ Soarame nodded while looking up and down. ‘And the magimal can understand him?’
‘Some can, but this one probably can’t.’ Scankeen was amused by the question, but this one actually made a point. ‘That young man just likes to show off.’
Scankeen walked right underneath the wizard, so that Soarame could look up in the air and see a black magic wand in his right hand. When they passed the standing magimal, Soarame felt suffocated — its body was as big as a small house. Underneath the open mouth of the unnamed magimal, Soarame could clearly see its sharp teeth and the dark-red cavity. Each of its scales was as big as Soarame’s palm, shining cold and threatening.
‘See how scary the magimal is?’ Scankeen approached the wizard, after stopping beside the magimal for a few seconds for Soarame to observe. ‘Now we’ll see what happened next — ready?’
With another wave from Scankeen, the robe of the wizard started to flutter in the wind again and the magimal came back to life. It seemed to sense a strong threat from the floating man, so instinct made it hesitate before launching another attack. Therefore, there was a ceasefire for a few seconds, while the young wizard floated in the air, at the same height as the head of a twenty-foot-tall magimal, eye to eye, staring at each other, at a stalemate.
‘Aaww-awwuuuaaa!’
The stalemate didn’t last long; the magimal burst out first. It stamped hard on the ground and bounced up, throwing itself at the target in the air, fire-bolts spitting out, one after another. The wizard sneered at this and swiftly dodged all the bolts, at the same time waving his wand —
With a buzzing noise, something seemed to emerge in the air, distorting the light. The next second, it shot at the magimal, cutting into its body!
‘Aww!’
The magimal roared in pain — an incision showed up on its bleeding shoulder as the scales there were cut through. The magimal had tried hard to dodge the invisible attack, but the mysterious weapon was too quick to be dodged. The wizard seemed to be satisfied by his performance; a curve lifted the corner of his mouth, as if he were smiling. Soarame was so focused on thinking about what exactly had cut the magimal that he didn’t notice Scankeen heaving a sigh on seeing the wizard’s smile.
The pain madly enraged the magimal. Its eyes blazed red, muscles expanded and claws stretched longer. After an earth-shaking roar, it swooped at the wizard like a flash. The attack was so fast and so sudden, that it had already got the wizard before Soarame screamed out. The wizard seemed to be frightened too, as if he didn’t expect such a huge body to move at such a fast speed; however, he was still quick enough to summon something invisible in front of him that hindered the magimal’s mobility. As a result, although the attack was successful, it only hurt the wizard’s left arm and tore off his sleeve.
After getting injured, the wizard looked angry and became much more serious. He flew higher in the sky and took full advantage of his mobility to dodge the magimal’s attacks; meanwhile he launched numerous invisible attacks, hitting the magimal all over. The magimal managed to dodge some of them, which then cut down big trees and even split rocks down the middle; but the rest all hit the magimal, injuring it more and more badly. The magimal finally realized that there was no way that it could win, so it started to run away.
‘OK, enough.’ With a sigh, Scankeen waved the scene away. Everything disappeared all of a sudden, leaving only the crystal ball on the table.
‘Master, wait!’ Soarame protested. ‘What happened next? Did he get the magimal as his horse?’
‘No.’ Scankeen shook his head as if he was thinking about something. ‘But it’s not because he couldn’t. He didn’t want it any more.’
‘Why not?’ Soarame kept at him. ‘What happened, then?’
‘Because he was spoiled.’ Scankeen pondered a bit and decided to only answer the first question fully. ‘And because of that, he grew up to be a bad person. You don’t want to be a bad person, do you?’
‘No I don’t.’ Although Soarame was puzzled, he answered without hesitation.
‘Good.’ Scankeen seemed less happy than before the scene was cast, but he took a deep breath and smiled at the boy. ‘What do you think about Wind magic now?’
‘It’s awesome!’ Soarame cheered up right away, hands clapping. ‘How did he hurt the magimal?’
‘It’s called windblade, a powerful spell in Wind magic.’ Scankeen knew Soarame would ask this. ‘Now you know why I asked you not to hurt people after you learn Wind magic.’
‘Oh, I see! And I won’t!’ Soarame was eager. ‘Teach me now, please!’
‘I am teaching you already, but it needs to come step by step.’ Scankeen was happy to see that his efforts worked. ‘First of all, you need to learn the basics about Wind magic — the flow of the air.’ 
With that, Scankeen flipped his hand and a leaf appeared on the table. ‘Remember the dancing leaf? Only after you learn this can we move on to the next level, and then bit by bit to the magic carpet and windblade.’
Soarame nodded, although he seemed disappointed. But his attention was soon attracted by a shining thing in Scankeen’s hand — a wand looking similar to the young wizard’s, only golden in colour.
‘Watch carefully, this time I will do it slowly.’ Scankeen moved the wand, drawing in the air, at the same time chanting something. What came right after was a soft puff of wind, which blew the leaf off the table. ‘Did you see that?’
‘Wow.’ Soarame looked at the flying leaf with his eyes wide open. He could see a breeze of grey magic elements accumulate and fly towards the leaf, lifting it up and pushing it off the table. 
‘What I chanted is called an incantation. For each spell there is one incantation to learn. This one is the simplest one in Wind magic, called wind summoner, and it’s your homework from now on.’ Scankeen looked at Soarame. ‘I won’t teach you more spells until you master this one.’ 
‘Sure, master.’ Soarame was excited. ‘What did you do with the wand waving?’ 
‘Nice catch. That was for drawing the wind summoner hexagram — you need that for the spell too.’ With a flip of his wrist, a small magic wand appeared in his hand. ‘This wand is yours from now on. Now, chant the incantation after me…’ 
Soarame took the wand, full of joy, and started to learn seriously. 
He tended to fail a lot at the start, but he kept trying without much complaining, which was a rare thing in Scankeen’s experience. Scankeen was very pleased to see this boy so devoted already; it seemed that the Wind magic in the scene he had cast had carved deep into this young heart.
And so, every day, in the palatorium of Scankeen, Soarame would swing his wand, pointing to the leaves on the ground, and chant some incomprehensible incantation over and over again… 

IT IS TIME 


Seven years had passed and Soarame was now twelve. Thanks to Scankeen, the potential magimal hazard didn’t really come to the town. Soarame often demanded that they visit the woods and see if there were any magimals, but Scankeen either refused or, when he took them there, nothing could be found. Therefore, Soarame had spent a peaceful time learning magic in the palatorium. 
‘Master, master!’ In the palatorium, Soarame shouted with excitement. ‘Master, check this out!’ 
Hearing that, Scankeen smiled from ear to ear. ‘You can do it? Already?’ 
Soarame didn’t reply. Seeing Scankeen coming, he swung his wand and recited an incantation. Instantly, there blew a gust of wind that made the trees in the garden swing to and fro, causing the leaves to drop one after another. Then, he drew a circle with the wand so that the direction of the wind changed immediately, spiralling on the spot. The falling leaves were drawn into the cyclone and continued spiralling into the air. Soarame harnessed his mind power, resulting in the strengthening of the cyclone, causing chairs and a round table to be drawn into it — swirling together alongside the cloud of leaves. 
Soarame was not done yet. In total concentration, he slowly drew two triangles in opposite directions with his wand and cast a few dots in the air, mumbling a more complicated incantation. Then he pointed his wand at the swirling, airborne table. 
Scankeen saw the whole thing. Piecing the two opposite-directed triangles together manifested the foundation for all magic and magic arrays — the Magic Hexagram. When the Magic Hexagram was decorated with various magic marks and corresponding incantations, different magic spells could be performed. Scankeen had told Soarame before that a Magic Hexagram, an incantation, together with a magic wand, were all supplementary means to strengthen magical power; and that the magical power came from the wizard’s ability to summon and control magic elements. Once such summoning and controlling ability grew strong enough, the Magic Hexagram and incantation wouldn’t be necessary. That’s why senior wizards didn’t need drawing or incantations when performing junior magic — Scankeen floating a dancing leaf with his finger, for example. 
Suddenly, a transparent crescent shot out from the tip of Soarame’s wand, aiming for the wooden table. The crescent was about ten inches long and caused turbulence due to its super speed, making its outline vaguely visible to the naked eye. The crescent went straight to the table and left a deep score. Soarame drew another two triangles as before, and recited the same incantation; another crescent came shooting towards the table. Soarame repeated this twice more and stopped after emitting the fourth crescent. The wooden table was knocked out of the cyclone by the four strikes in succession and dropped down to the ground, with one leg broken. 
 ‘Not bad.’ Scankeen nodded, smiling. ‘You’ve mastered the windblade and could do it four times in succession. Well done.’ 
‘Master, that’s not what I want you to see.’ 
‘What is it then?’ 
‘The table!’ Soarame’s eyes gleamed mischievously as he ran to the table. ‘Master, look!’ 
Scankeen followed Soarame to the table and glanced at it, but there was nothing obvious. ‘Little Soarame, what do you want me to see?’ 
‘Call me Soarame, not “little” please!’ Protested Soarame. He then gathered power in his right leg, and gave a hard kick to the table. 
With a pang sound, the table was broken neatly down the middle into two halves. Scankeen was puzzled — fighting skills? Soarame had learnt fighting skills behind his back? No, it was not like that. Watching the table in two neat halves, Scankeen realized something in the next second. ‘You… you can control the windblade to such an extent?’ 
‘Heh-heh!’ Sniggered an elated Soarame. 
Scankeen stared at the table. The two halves were the same size and the cut was as neat as a cut by a knife, but there were three connection nodes. What this showed was that the directions of the four windblades Soarame shot were so well controlled that they travelled in a perfect line, end to end, across the table — a single windblade wasn’t long enough to cut the table in half, but four of them together could do it. The process sounded easy, but the table was swirling inside the cyclone; so to make the four windblades cut the table surface in a perfectly straight line was truly difficult. 
‘If you try your best, can you chop this table in two halves directly with the four windblades, without slapping it with your palm?’ Scankeen raised his head, realising that Soarame was even better than he thought.
‘No, but I will soon. I only need to cut a little deeper!’ Soarame was a little frustrated to admit this. ‘But I could make it if I got four more windblades right on top of the previous four!’ 
Scankeen suddenly realized the key question. ‘How many windblades can you cast in one go?’ 
‘I’ve tried twenty.’ Answered Soarame. ‘I didn’t try more than that.’ 
Hearing Soarame, Scankeen was shocked into silence. Generally speaking, spelling windblades was impossible for a twelve-year-old, because it was the hardest spell in the Novice level. That is to say, with the capacity of spelling twenty windblades, Soarame was probably no longer a Novice wizard. The cyclone summoner, which ranks just under windblade spell, was already challenging, but Soarame’s cyclone was strong enough to draw a 300-pound table into the air. 
‘Twenty? That’s enough for today, then. Have a rest and fill your mind ocean through meditation.’ After pondering for a while, Scankeen made a decision. ‘Tomorrow I’d like to see how many windblades you can cast in one go, using your best effort.’
‘Wait, master. Did you forget something?’ Soarame’s eyes suddenly started to twinkle.
‘Oh yes… you want to try it again?’ Seeing this, Scankeen knew what was going on. ‘You are too big to ride Richie now, my boy. What are you going to do, even if you can summon him?’
‘It doesn’t matter. I just want to try it.’ Soarame was persistent. In the past few years, Scankeen had told Soarame that Richie was a special kind of magimal that couldn’t really be summoned by anyone — Scankeen could call him up only because Richie lived in his palatorium. However, Richie was not anyone’s magimal — that is to say, Richie had never been bonded with anyone and therefore had never had a master. 
When a wizard says summon, he means summon his bond magimal; and bonding was a magical process that connected a wizard and a magimal, after which the magimal recognized the wizard as its master. This had never happened to Richie though, because for some unknown reason, even Scankeen was not able to bond with the mini-horse, which had left him very bewildered ever since.
‘OK, there you go.’ Scankeen waved his hand and the gate of the castle opened. The next second, Richie ran out from it towards Soarame. The boy and the little horse got together and cuddled; both were happy to see each other again. Seeing this, Scankeen cracked a smile and walked towards the castle, leaving the two young creatures having fun together.
‘Richie, why are you not growing?’ Soarame was talking to the little horse, although he wasn’t expecting an answer. ‘Master says you are special, so it takes longer for you to grow up, is that it?’
‘But it’s ok. Master also says once you grow up you’ll be very powerful.’ Seeing Richie respond with his naïve whinny, Soarame stroked his long neck. ‘The problem is, because you are special, I still can’t bond with you. Shall we try one more time today?’

Richie responded with the whinny again, pushing Soarame to try. Soarame grabbed his magic wand and drew a Hexagram towards the ground, which kept expanding in size and gathered the boy and the horse inside it. The Hexagram then started to shine as if something was going to happen, but seconds later it broke into bright spots and scattered away — it had failed.
‘I knew it.’ Soarame sighed. ‘What’s wrong? Master says you can’t bond with anyone so far, but why?’
‘Whinn…’ Obviously, the little horse didn’t know the answer either.
‘How about it, Soarame?’ After a while, Scankeen came back out from the castle. ‘Are you sure you don’t want to bond with another one instead?’
‘No, you said a wizard should only bond with his favourite magimal, because once the bond is formed they are responsible for each other forever.’ Soarame answered right away. ‘Richie is my favourite, so I’ll keep trying!’
‘My boy, you are not mad with me for this?’ Scankeen sighed and asked the question that he had always wanted to ask. He had been using Richie as a white lie to stimulate Soarame, as he knew that Richie was special in the first place.
‘Richie is free, right? As long as he’s not bonded to anyone, I don’t blame you at all.’ Soarame looked at Scankeen. ‘One day I’ll get him to bond with me, sooner or later!’
‘Great job, my boy. You will, one day.’ Scankeen was relieved to see Soarame’s determination, yet he still needed to warn him. ‘However, in the meantime, if you see another magimal that you really like, you should still bond with it. It doesn’t hurt as long as you don’t overdo it, and you can always come back for Richie later…’
‘Why didn’t you bond with another one, then?’ Soarame suddenly interrupted Scankeen. ‘Volsta was badly injured and still cannot work with you, but you still have him as your only magimal.’
‘That’s different, my boy. I’ve spent all my life with Volsta, and he saved my life many times. He’s been my best friend all along.’ Scankeen sighed over Soarame’s question. Having spent years with Soarame in this palatorium, Scankeen had told him that the vague roar from inside of the castle was his magimal, named Volsta, a really powerful creature that had been badly injured in a battle years ago — before he came to Filton’s house and met Soarame.
‘I’m sorry, master. I hope Volsta can recover soon.’ Seeing Scankeen sad, Soarame wanted to make him feel better. ‘When I see another magimal I like I will bond with it, but not yet.’
‘It’s fine, and Volsta will be fine too.’ Scankeen sighed and waved his hands. ‘You are right; you shouldn’t rush for magimals. However, bear in mind that friendly magimals are rare and they are usually less powerful; the powerful ones are mostly wild ones that need to be tamed — and it’s not easy to tame one.’
‘Is it harder than bonding with Richie?’ Soarame didn’t really buy that.
‘Ha-ha, don’t play smart, boy.’ Scankeen was amused and stroked his beard. ‘You need to beat and capture a magimal first before you tame it. And it’s likely to be a powerful wild beast with magic spells — just like the one that you saw in your first lesson years ago — so, think about it! That’s why powerful magimals are always rare, even if you offer a high price.’
‘Price?’ Soarame was surprised to hear this. ‘They can actually be purchased?’
‘Yes, just like buying pets, but a lot more expensive.’ Scankeen sighed. ‘As you may realise now, wizards can be really powerful and do different things… good or bad things. The magimal business is a grey zone in that sense — on one side we do need to battle magimals to protect our people, on the other we overdo it and it becomes greed.’
‘How about Volsta? How did you meet him?’ Soarame suddenly asked, but the next second he realized it might not be the best question. ‘May I ask?’
‘Ha-ha, don’t worry, he’s not purchased from anyone, but we did battle against each other to become friends.’ Scankeen looked towards the castle as his mind sank into old memories. ‘That was a long time ago, when I was on my Expert wizard trial in the Fallen Forest — that was Volsta’s home.’
‘The Fallen Forest? One of the most dangerous magimal colonies?’ Soarame’s eyes brightened up. ‘So you fought because Volsta thought you broke into his home?’
‘Yes and no. Volsta’s clan attacked our civilians around that area, so I was summoned to the battle as an Expert wizard on trial, together with many other wizards and forces.’ Scankeen was ruffling Soarame’s hair. ‘I was extremely lucky to get Volsta in the end, because he was top-ranked but young back then; so he was easier to tame and bond with. If Volsta had been of his current age and power, he would be impossible to tame.’
‘So how did he get injured then, if he’s so powerful? After so many years, he’s still not healed?’ Soarame finally asked the questions that had stuck in his stomach for a long time. ‘And why do you not allow me to meet him? I still don’t know what Volsta looks like!’
‘Because there are powerful wizards who are capable of hurting him. He’s badly injured and it’s a scary scene. I don’t want you to see the bloody, bony wounds on him. Also, because he’ll still take some time to fully recover, I don’t want him to be distracted.’ Scankeen hesitated for a bit but made up his mind. ‘Soarame, you are growing up, so maybe I should tell you a little more now.’
‘Yes please!’ Soarame was so excited to see his master finally offer an explanation after so many years.
‘As you know, there are bad wizards out there, and I tried to arrest one of them years ago. Unfortunately, it didn’t go well and Volsta almost died in the fight, so I had to stop the attempt.’ Scankeen crouched and held Soarame’s shoulders. ‘See how dangerous the magic world can be?’
‘I’m sorry.’ Soarame was feeling bad about this. ‘Please tell Volsta I wish him all the best.’
‘I just did, and he asked me to give you this.’ Scankeen handed over a large feather. ‘This is from his body, and he wants you to have it as a little gift.’
‘Wow! Thank you!’ Soarame took the feather, with amazement in his eyes. The feather was larger than his palm and all black, with a metallic lustre; Soarame couldn’t help picturing what Volsta looked like and imagining the battle. ‘What did that bad guy do anyway?’
‘That guy stole a critical treasure from the Druids.’ Scankeen tried to simplify the story this way. ‘So we need to get it back for them, otherwise Druids will see all humans as enemies.’
‘Druids?’ Soarame’s eyes widened. ‘The human-animal Druids?’
‘Yes, they can transform themselves into animals, which is an amazing magical ability.’ Scankeen showed Soarame his finger, with a ring on it. ‘However, that didn’t stop their property from being stolen — the bad guy had a space-ring. You see the point?’
‘I see.’ Soarame nodded. He remembered that a space-ring had storage space in it, just that it could only store inanimate stuff. The thief must have put the item into the space-ring, which was so much easier than carrying it. The good thing was that space-rings were very rare, even among top-ranked wizards, so people normally wouldn’t worry about stealing with space-rings.
‘OK, that’s too much for you to know. For now, just keep practising magic and improving.’ Scankeen knew what Soarame was imagining at the moment. ‘Bear in mind, my boy: a wizard’s world can be dangerous, even more dangerous than for civilians, even though we have magical powers; because we have responsibilities and duties.’
‘I see, master.’ Soarame clenched his fists. ‘I’ll work hard and become stronger!’
‘Very well, now go take a break, and tomorrow we’ll test you and see how strong you are already!’

The rest of the day went quickly, but Soarame felt that it was too slow. The next morning, just as the sun rose, the boy rushed to find Scankeen. 
 ‘OK, let’s start.’ Scankeen pointed to a stone pillar in the palatorium. ‘Your target is that pillar. Let’s see how many windblades you can spell.’ 
Soarame couldn’t wait to swing his hand rapidly, drawing a Magic Hexagram with his wand and reciting the corresponding incantation. A crescent shot rapidly at the stone pillar, leaving a slight score on it. Repeated like this, the windblades shot to the stone pillar one after another, the noise of their incisions buzzing up and down. As it went, Scankeen’s eyes became wider and wider as he counted — 
‘Fifteen, sixteen, seventeen, eighteen…thirty-three, thirty-four…’
 Soarame was soaked with sweat by the time Scankeen counted to thirty-six, and had started to lose his balance when he reached thirty-nine. Finally, he was stopped by Scankeen as he tried to generate the fortieth. 
Scankeen rushed to Soarame, covered his forehead with his hand and let his enormous mind power gently seep into Soarame’s mind ocean until it was full again. Soarame recovered and looked up at Scankeen. ‘Thank you, master!’ 
‘Soarame, how many times have I told you that it’s a NO-NO for a wizard to try too hard when practising magic? It will harm your soul if you force the magic when the mind ocean is drained!’ Scankeen looked very upset. ‘When your mind power is low, your soul power will be consumed; that is to say your lifeblood will be consumed! Look at you, what were you thinking?!’ 
Chastised by his master, Soarame lowered his head. 
‘NEVER do this again, unless it’s a matter of life or death!’ said Scankeen seriously. ‘You hear me?’ 
Seeing Soarame nodding obediently, Scankeen finally cracked a smile. ‘Soarame, I have to say you surprised me. With thirty-nine windblades, your mind power has been proven to be far above the Novice level! Congratulations for being a well-qualified Adept wizard!’ 
Hearing that, Soarame beamed with joy. Letting Soarame cheer up for a while, Scankeen spoke again. ‘My boy, now that you are an Adept, it’s time to move on a step.’ 
‘How?’ Soarame was excited. It seemed that Scankeen was going to teach him flying magic, which he had always been eager to learn.
‘You should go to school.’ Scankeen said all of a sudden. ‘It’s time now!’ 
‘Go to school? For what?’ Soarame puzzled. Although he knew from Scankeen that there were magic schools out there, he was not crazy about the idea, especially since he had such unhappy experiences with those school boys when he was little. 
‘To study magic, of course. You need to go to a magic institute for further study.’ Scankeen looked at Soarame and smiled. 
‘Why?’ Soarame was confused. ‘Master, aren’t you teaching me magic right now?’ 
‘Yes, I am, but I am only teaching you Wind magic.’ Scankeen was smoothing out his long beard. ‘Don’t you remember you have gifts in Water and Lightning as well? A magic institute can help you learn those too.’ 
‘But why now?’ Asked Soarame. ‘You didn’t say this before?’ 
‘That’s because you were little and new to magic. It’s better to focus on one lineage until you reach Adept.’ Scankeen was prepared for the question. ‘Now that you have got this far, it’s time to change things around a little.’
‘So I’m going to learn three lineages at the same time?’ Soarame muttered. ‘That’s a lot.’
‘Yes it is, so here is my demand.’ Scankeen patted Soarame’s shoulder. ‘I want you to only study Water in school, but not Lightning or Wind, until you become an Expert wizard in Water. Lightning is hard to practise and you can easily hurt yourself if you don’t manipulate it well, so let’s leave Lightning alone for later.’
‘OK… but why not Wind, then?’ Soarame asked. ‘I still haven’t learnt the flying spell!’
‘You can learn it yourself, but I want you to keep that as your secret and let no one else know about it. So what I mean is you don’t take Wind classes from school, but learn it from this.’ Scankeen handed over a book to Soarame. ‘The Flying spell and beyond are all in there. It’s enough for you to learn.’
‘But why?’ Taking the book from Scankeen, Soarame raised his head. ‘Why can’t people know about my Wind magic?’
‘I know it’s hard to understand, but the reasons are complicated.’ Scankeen looked at Soarame with tenderness and affection in his eyes. ‘As I said, the wizards’ world can be dangerous and I want you to be always prepared, even though you are still young. Remember Volsta?’
‘Of course.’ Soarame nodded right away. ‘What about him?’
‘He was almost killed because the enemy knew him well and set up a delicate trap against him.’ Scankeen sighed. ‘His strength and weakness were all well studied, so he’s still resting in the castle right now trying to get healed. So promise me…’
‘Thank you, Mr. Swanflew, I get it.’ Soarame was smart enough to understand Scankeen’s worry. ‘I will keep the secret, I promise.’
‘Good, remember that.’ Hearing Soarame call him ‘Mr. Swanflew’ instead of ‘master’, Scankeen knew this boy was serious enough to make a promise as a young man to another man. But on the other hand, Scankeen was also feeling bad that he couldn’t risk telling Soarame his real name. ‘More importantly, about your special sight — I want you to keep that as your top secret.’
‘I will.’ Soarame knew his master would only do him good, so he didn’t ask why again this time. ‘Master, are you sure no one else can see magic elements? I’m the only one?’
‘Actually, there are a few more in the world, but only a few.’ Scankeen frowned and sighed at this. ‘And unfortunately, Volsta was injured by one of them.’
‘What!’ Soarame screamed. ‘Who’s that?’
‘If you want to know, keep your promises well and level up to an Expert wizard in school, as soon as you can.’ Scankeen looked at Soarame. ‘Can you do that?’
‘Yes master!’ Although Soarame’s mind was full of questions, he had learnt from previous experience that if his master was not willing to tell him something, there was no way that he could make him do so. ‘So I still can’t go to look for my parents?’
‘After you become an Expert and graduate from the school, then you can!’ Scankeen knew Soarame wouldn’t let go of this, although the boy had kept it buried inside him. ‘But the world is huge, so don’t expect this to be done in any easy way, even after you become an Expert. If I were you, I’d leave it aside for now and keep improving at school.’
‘Fine. But where is the school?’ 
‘It’s in Cylone City, the capital of Libral County.’ Scankeen was relieved to see Soarame accept this arrangement. ‘I will send you there soon and you will do a fine job. Now you can go and talk to Filton and get prepared; if he’s ok with it, we should arrange the travel soon. 
‘Seven peaceful years have been pretty satisfying. Thank you, Soarame.’ Watching Soarame leave, Scankeen sighed to himself. The real reasons behind this sudden decision were actually more than he had said — Scankeen never planned to stay here for this long in the first place. He had come here for the magimal migration, but he knew he could solve that problem within several months. But he had got to know Soarame through coincidence, and thus had decided to change his plan and stay. 
Now Scankeen finally had to leave, because of a classified request from the Sunrise Alliance, one that he had been expecting for a while. On the bright side, though, Scankeen had been worried that Soarame had had hardly any social experience so far, so it was also a good opportunity for the boy to meet his own age and make friends in school.

Filton was surprised to hear the sudden change of plans, but he respected Scankeen’s judgment, after witnessing Soarame’s capability as a wizard. Plus, Filton also knew that it was time for Soarame to make new friends for himself. Therefore, although Filton was still a little concerned about the boy being all alone out there, he started to pack for the journey and got ready to go.
The school that Scankeen had chosen was called the Institute of Libral. The institute was located in the central part of the Arkwald Empire, far from the Corrugon Peninsula in the northeast. Founded by the Starter of History, with thousands of years of development, the Institute of Libral was an undoubtedly great magic institute across the four continents. 
A few weeks later, the trio went on their way. Thanks to Scankeen, they had a magic carriage to travel in — again from his palatorium. The carriage didn’t come with horses, but drove itself by using energy stored in a crystal cube. 
It was a fun trip and the three had a good time enjoying the scenery along the way. Filton was a little worried in the beginning due to Scankeen’s Orc story, but soon he realised that it was just a story, told for a reason — those species were indeed far away from most people’s lives, so it was hard to verify Scankeen’s descriptions of them.
As a comparison, it was much easier to verify people’s reactions to wizards. Soarame and Filton realized soon enough that people along their way did recognize wizards, and they were really respectful to Scankeen and thus to them as well. Almost every time they arrived at a new place, people greeted Scankeen as “your Honour”. Filton was now totally convinced that his town was too closed off from the outer world. 

A month full of joy and peace had passed quicker than the trio had thought, and they arrived in Cylone City in good shape. The sad thing, though, was that Scankeen finally had to leave.
‘Mr. Swanflew, why not come with us to the school first?’ Filton was so grateful to this sweet senior wizard, who had spent years teaching Soarame without asking for anything in return. ‘Or at least take a good rest before heading off.’
‘Let’s leave the school part for Soarame to explore on his own. Trust me, it’s fun to do that.’ Scankeen took out a black metal plate and gave it to Soarame. ‘My dear boy, keep my token with you at all times, it keeps you safe.’ 
Soarame was attracted to the black plate, not only because of Scankeen’s words, but also because he sensed the intense magic pulse being emitted from the inconspicuous plate. Strangely, the pulse seemed to radiate light green to Soarame’s special eyes — a colour not included in the colours of the magic elements. Soarame couldn’t help asking. ‘Master, why is the colour of the magic elements in this plate green?’ 
‘So, you can see that too.’ Scankeen nodded. ‘The green is not one of the seven magic elements, but a special energy — the Energy of Life.’ 
‘What is that?’ Soarame wondered. ‘You never mentioned this before?’ 
‘There’s a lot more that I never mentioned before, and you won’t stop being amazed as you keep learning about the world of magic.’ Scankeen smiled. ‘This plate is an Epic magigear, which devotes itself only to its owner upon contact with a drop of his or her blood — you should try it.’ 
‘Epic?’ Soarame checked the plate carefully, eyes wide in amazement. Soarame had learnt from Scankeen that a magigear referred to any item that had magic functions, such as a wand. He also knew that, unlike an ordinary magigear, which could be used by whoever wore it, a magigear classified as “Epic” could only be used by its owner — the one who marked the magigear with his blood. 
Instructed by Scankeen, Soarame scratched his finger and let a small drop of blood drip onto the plate. The blood drop was then absorbed by the plate — like a sponge, which amazed the boy. 
 ‘Wear it as a necklace and keep it with you at all times.’ Scankeen hung the plate round Soarame’s neck. ‘Remember, never take it off. It’s for your safety, ok?’ 
‘Master, when are you coming back to us?’ Soarame would have asked for the details of the Epic token, but at this moment he was in no mood for that. ‘What should I do if I miss you?’
‘Well, we’ll meet again sooner than you think.’ Scankeen blinked at the boy. ‘Or else, once you can practise Wind, Water, and Lightning magic all to the Expert level, you’ll see me right then.’ 
That meant a long time — Soarame was smart enough to realise it; tears welled up in his eyes. ‘Master, take care!’ 
‘You too, my boy. And don’t forget your promises.’ Scankeen put his forehead onto Soarame’s and lowered his voice. ‘Your special eyes and the Wind magic.’ 
Filton and Soarame watched Scankeen as he disappeared after turning behind a building. Soarame suddenly rushed towards the building and looked behind it, yet there was no one there. Filton chased after Soarame, only to see the boy tearing up.

****
 
The next morning, Filton and Soarame began walking towards the Institute of Libral, passing through Cylone City. Cylone City was very well known to the world because of the Institute of Libral; it attracted crowds of tourists from all countries and continents. People from every corner of the world could be seen here, speaking different languages and dialects, so it was hard to communicate with them sometimes. At the moment, Filton and Soarame were trying to ask for directions —
‘Institute of Libral? That road there.’ 
‘It’s just over there, in the hill.’ 
‘Yeah, just keep walking — into the hill and out the two towers.’ 
Obviously, not everyone was good at the language of the Arkwald Empire. Soarame and Filton had to ignore the grammar issues and try to understand the instructions. Finally, the two got to their destination — the foot of two giant towers, as someone had said. Soarame and Filton were truly shocked by the size of the giant towers — each with a foundation bigger than Filton’s house. There didn’t seem to be a door to enter the tower, but between them was a giant cave that was cut from the hill — covered by hazy smog that made visibility difficult. 
The two looked at each other. ‘What is this?’ 
‘It’s the entrance to the institute, called the Libral Gate.’ Lots of people were gathering by the towers, and one of the strangers offered this information. 
‘The entrance?’ Soarame was confused. ‘You mean the towers?’ 
‘No, I mean the cave. The towers are not really towers; at least they are not treated as towers here.’ The stranger smiled. ‘They are the gate of the institute; or you could see them as big doorjambs, although there’s no door.’ 
‘So, they are more like a symbol of the institute?’ Filton marvelled at the greatness of the symbol. ‘And the campus of the institute is… in the hill? Really?’
‘We thought they meant on the hill when we were told it was in the hill.’ The two of them certainly saw the surprise in each other’s eyes. ‘So it’s really in the hill, after all?’
They walked towards the Libral Gate as they talked, but were stopped by a guard. ‘Gentlemen, only students or staff of the institute can pass this point. No family members, please.’ 
Filton stepped forward to address the guard. ‘Sir, this boy is new to school, so I’m here to help with the registration. Can you please…’ 
‘I’m sorry, but this has been the rule for centuries. No exceptions, please kindly understand.’ The guard said resolutely. 
Filton pondered for a while, then pulled Soarame back and took out a wallet, together with a bag left by Scankeen. ‘Soarame, I can’t get in, but everything you need is in here. The money is not that much, but it should be enough if you manage it well.’ 
‘I don’t want the money. You keep it.’ Soarame took the bag, but not the wallet. 
‘Sweet boy, you must take it.’ Filton stroked Soarame’s head. ‘You don’t want me to live in worry, do you? Trust me; I can manage by myself and so must you!’ 
Soarame finally had to listen. He took the wallet and walked to the guard. ‘Can I come out after registration?’ 
‘Tomorrow is the last day of the registration. So you can come out, but must come back in by the end of tomorrow.’ The guard answered with a smile. ‘After that, the institute will be sealed by magic and you will only be able to get out on weekends.’ 
‘Sealed by magic?’ Filton was amazed — no wonder the institute doesn’t need a door.
Musing in this way, the two were interrupted by an angry voice from not far away. ‘Please step back!’ 
Filton looked around and saw another group of people stopped by the guards, just as had happened to them. However, these people seemed unwilling to listen to the guards and wanted to approach the gate. 
‘Excuse me? It’s still a thousand feet to the gate!’ A bulky, bald-headed man was staring at the guards. ‘We came to visit from a thousand miles away! Do we not deserve a closer look?’ 
Behind him was a group of people, magnificently dressed, escorting a young man, adulation and lowliness glowing on their faces. On the other hand, the young man looked quite displeased. 
‘I’m sorry but that’s the rule here, so please step back,’ said the same guard who had stopped Filton. Soarame had overheard that his name was Sachastain.
‘OK, I can step back,’ the bald-headed man said, pointing at the young man. ‘But that is a prince of Astandos. You’d better let him pass.’ 
Hearing that, the entire crowd started whispering in surprise — a prince, from the Astandos Empire! 
Everyone knew that the Astandos Empire was one of the most powerful countries in the world, located on Snowhill Continent — which was far to the south. The prince, called Deltaley, was travelling the world and had now arrived at the Institute of Libral, wanting to make this stop worthwhile by visiting the campus. However, he found his whole entourage stopped by the guards, far away even from the towers. This was definitely not something that pleased him, so he sent his guard to have a word — hoping for privileges that he always gained elsewhere. 
However, the guard seemed not to care about his royal identity in Astandos. The young prince certainly knew that this was the Institute of Libral, so he had to bear with it…or so it seemed. He still signalled to his crew to figure out a way to bypass the rule. 
At the same time, Soarame was instructed to proceed by another guard. Just as Soarame walked towards the gate, a voice came from behind. ‘Hey, excuse me!’ It was once again the bald man from Astandos. ‘Boy, where are you going?’ 
‘Excuse me?’ Filton stepped forward immediately. ‘He’s my boy, you can speak to me if you have questions.’
‘Oh I’m sorry. Your boy goes to school here? How impressive!’ The bald man turned from angry to smooth in the blink of an eye. ‘How long has he been studying here?’ 
‘It’s his first day, so if you don’t mind, we want him to check in now.’ Filton was not interested in this conversation at all. 
‘Oh, of course. So your boy is not a student yet?’ The bald man nodded to Filton and looked at Sachastain. ‘You heard that, right? This kid is not a student yet, but he can enter?’ Obviously, the conversation with Filton was just for paving the way for the prince; the bald man could tell that Soarame was new here in the first place. 
‘You heard him. He’s a new student checking in.’ Sachastain peered at the bald man. ‘If your prince is a student too, he can also enter.’ 
‘Sure he is,’ the bald man instantly said. ‘Can he proceed now?’ 
‘Really? You do know that one has to have magic gifts to qualify as a new student, right?’ Sachastain became impatient at this spontaneous lie. ‘Let your prince perform a magic act, then he can pass.’ 
‘What?’ The bald man was upset and pointed at Soarame. ‘Why did you not ask that kid to do some magic too?’
Sachastain had little more patience for talking to the irritating bald man, so he turned to address Soarame. ‘Hey my little friend, you can perform some magic, right?’ 
‘Sure, but I only know Water magic.’ Soarame stepped back from the gate. ‘Is that ok, sir?’ 
‘Call me Sachastain. I heard your name is Soarame, right?’ Sachastain shook Soarame’s hand and tried to be nice. ‘Water magic is great. Please do something.’ 
Soarame took out his wand and began to draw a magic hexagram while singing an incantation — an easy spell that Scankeen had specifically asked him to learn from a Water book. Soon enough, a flow of water appeared out of nowhere and Soarame controlled the water to enable it to flow around his body. Although Soarame was not capable of performing Water magic at a higher level, he was capable of doing the basic summoning and control of Water elements. Cheering and applause arose from the crowd, as the shining look of the water flow and Soarame’s proficient control amazed everyone. The guards of the institute were also quite surprised, as they had seen many wizards and knew that controlling water flow like this was not a trivial feat for a fresher. 
‘Well done!’ Sachastain gave a thumbs-up to Soarame and turned around to the bald man. ‘Your turn.’ 
‘Alright, alright.’ Deltaley finally had to open his mouth and speak to Sachastain himself. ‘You want to see magic? Here it is.’ Deltaley began to mutter some kind of incantation, then waved his hand and shot a firebolt towards the sky. ‘Satisfied?’ 
Seeing that, all were stunned — it seemed that Deltaley actually was a wizard! 
How come? All the guards felt so absurd — if Deltaley was a wizard, why had he not said anything in the first place? The crowd was also whispering, making different guesses. Sachastain’s best guess was that Deltaley was a wizard, but he didn’t want to study here; so he had come for a tour and would leave after visiting the campus. If this really was the case, it was offensive because he would actually play everyone and the institute. However, there was nothing the guards could do because this was not forbidden in any written rule here. 
With the arguments from the Astandos crew, Sachastain finally had to let Deltaley pass. Deltaley walked past Sachastain without saying a word; after all, he was a prince of Astandos who would not bother to talk to a guard anyway. Just then, Soarame exclaimed as Deltaley passed by —
‘That bracelet…’ Soarame sounded amazed. ‘Is that a…’ 
‘Silence!’ Deltaley was suddenly nervous as he interrupted Soarame and walked faster towards the gate. 
‘Sir, please stop!’ Sachastain suddenly realized something and shouted to Deltaley. Deltaley didn’t want to listen, but the next second he found himself surrounded by guards. 
‘What do you want?’ Deltaley was extremely upset now. He was so close to getting what he wanted, yet was stopped because of a boy. 
‘Sir, I just have one last demand.’ Sachastain was the captain of the guards, so he was the one to speak up. ‘Let me take a look at your bracelet.’ 
‘How dare you!’ Deltaley stared at Sachastain. ‘That’s a royal symbol of Astandos! You think anyone can just ask for a look?’ At the same time, the Astandos crew was shouting and complaining again, and the bald man was already jostling some of the other guards. 
‘No, I have no intention of offending your royal symbol, so you don’t have to show it. But you don’t have to approach to the gate either.’ Sachastain stared into Deltaley’s eyes. ‘So here’s my final offer — leave immediately, or let me examine your bracelet to make sure it’s not a magigear that can spell firebolts.’ 
Hearing Sachastain’s words, the crowd understood what was happening — was it the bracelet that had spelled the firebolt? If so, the prince was cheating. 
The Astandos crew was not shouting and jostling any more. If the suspicion were proven to be true, it would look really bad on Astandos — not just the prince himself as a cheat, not just the Astandos crew, but the whole country. Deltaley certainly knew this too; therefore, although he looked really angry, he was actually sweating. The bracelet was indeed the source of the firebolt, but he just couldn’t understand how a boy could tell — even an Expert wizard would not be able to spot the trick that easily. 

At the same time, Sachastain was sweating, too. He was not really confident about Soarame’s claim, especially since Soarame didn’t really finish his words and he didn’t want to trouble the boy. Sachastain knew that if he failed in this gamble, he would have big troubles; but once he used his forty years of experience to examine the reaction of the young prince, he believed that he made the right call. 
‘To visit a campus, in exchange for insulting the royal dignity?’ Deltaley was his haughty royal self again. ‘I say never!’ With that, Deltaley stared at Soarame and stepped away from the gate, walking back to his crew and leaving right away. 
Sachastain was finally convinced that Soarame was right, but he was still amazed that Soarame could figure out the trick of the magigear — as far as he knew, there was no way to ascertain that. Sachastain couldn’t be blamed, because no one expected Soarame to see the movement of the magic elements; thus the mystery was alive and vivid in front of his eyes. 
‘Thank you, Soarame.’ Seeing the Astandos crew leave, Sachastain saluted Soarame. ‘You protected the dignity of the institute. We owe you one.’ 
‘No, I just…’ Soarame was astonished to see all the guards saluting him. ‘I didn’t do anything.’ 
‘Whatever you say, sir. You may proceed to your registration. Good luck!’ Sachastain didn’t want to push it, but smiled at Soarame. ‘With your gifts, I’m sure you can easily pass the entry test and become a student.’ 
‘The entry test?’ Soarame puzzled. ‘What’s that?’

THE INSTITUTE OF LIBRAL


‘You didn’t know that?’ Sachastain was confused. ‘You came to check in but you didn’t know there’s an entry test?’ 
‘No?’ Soarame looked over to Filton. ‘Did Mr. Swanflew say anything about the entry test?’ 
‘I don’t think so.’ Filton shook his head. ‘But I think that’s because he’s very confident in you.’
‘Swine flu? What?’ Sachastain was puzzled. ‘Anyway, the Institute of Libral does not automatically accept any wizard to study here. The school is picky about admission, so one has to pass the entry test to become a formal student.’ 
‘I see, so the registration will take longer than we expected.’ Filton was resigned to a long wait. ‘Soarame, why don’t you go ahead, I’ll be waiting here.’ 
Soarame nodded and trotted towards the gate. Looking back at Filton as he passed through, his view was suddenly cut off. Soarame knew that this must be because of the magic array on the gate, and the people outside must have lost sight of him, too. At the same time, Soarame felt a pulse of dizziness, as if something was changing rapidly around him, causing his vision to be completely clouded for a few seconds. After that, he found himself inside a channel, facing the exit. Soarame looked back, yet saw nothing behind him except for complete darkness — it felt like a large space, but just could not be visualized. 
Puzzled and amazed at first, Soarame decided to move forward and finish registration. He quickly walked towards the exit of the channel. Once Soarame stepped outside, he finally saw the campus of the institute —
It was a whole new world. 
Soarame opened his eyes wide, finding no boundaries to this campus. Blinking his eyes a few times, Soarame immediately speculated that this must be some kind of space expansion magic — his master had once mentioned it. The hill, inside which the Institute of Libral was located, was definitely not this big, but the space expansion magic performed by some superior wizard made it far larger. 
Soarame looked up and found yet another thing that he couldn’t understand. In the world of the cave, how could there be a sky, clouds, and even a sun? However large the space was expanded to be, how could the sun come in here? 
Witnessing the wonder and the might right in front of him, Soarame couldn’t help marvelling at this magic world, and admiring those great wizards who had created all this. The melancholy thoughts in Soarame’s mind, associated with leaving his master and Filton, was replaced by determination. 
After Soarame walked away, a figure appeared in the shadows behind him. It was none other than Scankeen. Scankeen was not only capable of Wind magic; he could practise multiple lineages and one of them was Darkness — although he didn’t want to talk about it, for longstanding reasons.
‘Good.’ Seeing the change in Soarame’s countenance, Scankeen was relieved. Now he could really leave and let Soarame live by himself. Scankeen hadn’t really left the city after parting from Filton, but instead had gone to the campus first — he had a friend there, the current Principal, Professor Gazbell Raymend.

Soarame walked along the street trying to find the right direction. Strangely, the street seemed to be changing all the time, so Soarame found himself back at a point he had passed before. 
‘It’s a maze? Really?’ Soarame muttered out loud.
‘What are you looking for, boy?’ A voice came from nowhere and scared Soarame. 
‘Hi, err…’ Soarame was trying to find a proper way to reply. ‘Sir, I’m a new student reporting in.’ 
‘Are you? Let me see… Alright, you look fine,’ the voice replied after seeming to evaluate Soarame from an unknown perspective. ‘OK, this way, then.’ Following the voice, a tree grew out from the soil beside the road, with a sign showing the direction Soarame needed to go in. 
‘Wow.’ Soarame had expected to see some unusual things here, but still he was amazed. He approached the tree and touched it; it felt completely normal. That is to say, it was indeed a tree growing in front of his eyes from age zero to maturity.
‘Admission Centre — Entry Test.’ Soarame read out the sign. ‘That’s exactly what I want. Thank you, sir.’ 
‘You are welcome, and good luck with the test.’ The voice replied. The next second, the tree was still there, but the sign on it had vanished.
‘Wait, the sign just disappeared?’ Soarame couldn’t help asking. 
‘Yes. It’s a maze, so we only allow students and staff in.’ The voice replied. ‘If you are one of them, I will guide you into the right area of the campus.’ 
‘So what happens if someone sneaks in?’ Soarame was thinking about Deltaley. 
‘That wouldn’t be nice, would it?’ The voice sounded a little surprised. ‘It has never happened, but if it does one day, I don’t mind keeping him here for a couple of days.’ 
‘Wow…’ Soarame was surprised. ‘So you are the guide of the school? Without your guidance no one can get in?’ 
‘I’m the security of the school. So yes, no one gets in if I say no,’ the voice explained. ‘My name is Chelonad. If you pass the entry test, you can call my name any time you need help.’ 
‘Thank you Chelonad, my name is Soarame.’ Soarame was happy to have the help. ‘Are you around? How can I see you?’ 
‘You won’t see me, Soarame.’ Chelonad sounded like an old man. ‘If you do see me one day that means something really bad has happened.’ 
‘OK...’ Soarame wasn’t sure what Chelonad meant exactly by that, but he was amazed by Chelonad’s words as he continued towards the admission centre, imagining all kinds of possibilities as to what Chelonad might look like. Soon enough, he reached a castle — the admission centre. While Soarame was enjoying the look of the castle, he quickly found that there was no door. 
‘Chelonad?’ Soarame asked the air. ‘Can you hear me?’ 
‘No need to call Chelonad, come on in.’ Soarame was expecting Chelonad’s voice, but another sounded instead. The next second, a swirl of air revealed a door to the castle — well, it wasn’t really a door; it was actually a magic tunnel. 
Soarame walked into it with eyes wide open and alert. Inside the castle there was a giant hall. Soarame made his way to the centre of the hall, and was now facing a handsome man in a green cloak. The man had beautiful, long blond hair and charming crystal-blue eyes, making people like him instantly when they saw him. There was one special thing that attracted Soarame’s attention — the ears of this man looked longer than a normal person’s. Even his long hair couldn’t completely cover the upper tips of his ears.
‘Hello, my little friend, my name is Aertiuno. It’s nice to meet you.’ Aertiuno looked kind and gentle. Looking into Soarame’s eyes, he smiled. ‘May I ask what your name is and how old you are?’ 
‘Soarame Jadeking, I’m twelve.’ Soarame answered right away, but only after he finished did he realise that he was not in control of his response. It felt to Soarame that it was Aertiuno who made him speak and tell the truth, rather than Soarame himself wanting to speak! 
That was a really weird feeling. Soarame was a little nervous because he began to doubt this man in front of him. Could he have the power to manipulate people’s thoughts? Thanks to Scankeen, Soarame had got to hear about this kind of power and knew that it was of a very rare kind; yet the first person he met in the Institute of Libral was actually capable of this. 
‘Very well, thank you Soarame.’ Aertiuno nodded. ‘So, what’s your best practice in magic so far?’ 
‘I…’ This time Soarame was prepared and he noticed a captivating pulse that was hard to describe, trying to make him talk and tell the truth. Trying hard to suppress the pulse, Soarame got back control of his own mind and said. ‘I am gifted in Lightning and Water, but I’m new.’ 
‘Oh?’ Aertiuno was surprised to see that Soarame was able to conquer his persuasive whisper, a unique type of mind-control ability. He evaluated Soarame carefully up and down. ‘That’s it?’ 
‘I can sense a bit of Earth and Light, but not as much.’ Soarame answered. He had promised Scankeen to keep the secret of Wind, so he would. 
‘OK, we will see that together right now.’ Aertiuno pointed at a crystal ball beside him. ‘Inject all the magic elements that you can summon into this crystal ball — as much as you can.’ 
A magic-gift test? Soarame was relieved, as he had lots of experience at this. However, the difficult part would be trying to exclude the Wind elements while summoning other kinds. But for Soarame, that was still doable. After the test was done, Aertiuno was looking at a crystal ball, full of purple and blue dots, mixed with a small portion of yellow and white ones. 
‘Very well, you passed.’ Aertiuno was impressed because Soarame’s gift in Lightning was actually better than he thought. ‘You are very talented in Lightning, with a “superior” level of gift, followed by Water with a “capable” level of gift… Hmm, that’s very lucky for you.’ 
‘Lucky?’ Soarame wondered. 
‘Well, you may not know this, but some magic lineages, such as Lightning and Fire, are hard for a beginner to practise.’ Aertiuno said. ‘But if one has another lineage to practise before them, that will make it much easier and safer. Therefore, I strongly recommend that you start with Water magic and take your time on Lightning.’ 
Soarame nodded, as Scankeen had told him the same thing. 
‘You said you are new to magic, so I suggest you start from Grade 1 in the Water department. Take this Libral Emblem; this is your identifier as a student.’ Aertiuno gave Soarame a small device. ‘Besides the department, you also need to apply for a college.’ 
‘A college?’ 
‘Yes, the college is independent from the department and your magic gifts. Take it as a place for making friends and having fun.’ Aertiuno usually didn’t talk this much, but he found Soarame special due to his immunity against his persuasive whisper; so he tried to explain the basics. ‘When you get out, just ask Chelonad for directions. He will guide you to the right place.’ 
Soarame followed the instructions and left the castle. He looked around, but didn’t see anything or anyone, so he tried to talk to a tree in front of him. ‘Chelonad, can you hear me?’ 
‘Yes, of course.’ Chelonad’s voice sounded soon enough. ‘Why are you facing a tree?’ 
‘Err… Where should I be facing?’ Soarame asked back. 
‘Never mind.’ Chelonad sounded amused. ‘How can I help you, Soarame?’ 
‘Do you remember my name because we just talked, or do you remember everyone’s name here?’ Soarame decided to ask this first. 
‘I remember names. They are easy.’ 
‘Wow… I wish I could do that.’ Soarame was amazed. ‘I always find names so hard to remember, and I was told there are thousands of students in the institute, is that right?’ 
‘3,101 students and 68 teachers. Is this what you called me for?’ 
‘No, I need to apply for a college.’ Soarame said. ‘Can you show me where to go?’ 
‘I can, but isn’t there a sign just behind you?’ Chelonad answered. 
‘Oops, I’m sorry.’ Soarame looked back and saw the sign with “College Application” written on it. ‘Aertiuno told me to ask you for help, so I didn’t pay attention.’ 
‘I knew it!’ Chelonad sounded like he was laughing. ‘That guy is so bad at directions that he had to lock himself inside the castle and assume other people to be as silly as himself.’ 
‘Really?’ Soarame was surprised. ‘He looks pretty smart.’ 
‘Smart at anything but directions.’ Chelonad answered. ‘Let me tell you a funny story and you’re not gonna believe it…’ 
‘Soarame, stop talking to that odd man and go mind your own business!’ Aertiuno’s voice passed through the castle. ‘Don’t you have a college application to worry about?’ 
Soarame giggled, yet he had to run towards the college application centre before Chelonad’s story began. The college application centre was not hard to find, so Soarame arrived without a problem. Unlike the test centre, there were quite a few boys and girls of Soarame’s age here, queuing, each holding a piece of parchment — obviously, they were all new students applying for colleges. There were also several older ones maintaining order; some of them were explaining things to the younger ones. 
Soarame was so excited to see others of his age, and was wondering how to say “hello” as he approached the crowd. Just then, there came a soft and delightful voice from behind him. ‘Hi there, are you here for a college application?’ 
Soarame turned around and saw walking towards him a teenage girl, dressed in an elegant light blue robe. The girl had a pretty face, limpid eyes, and long, graceful, dark-blue hair; she looked slightly older than Soarame. She looked at Soarame with a sweet smile. ‘I’m Dileys, may I help you?’ 
‘Hi… I’m… Err… Soarame… nice to meet you.’ Soarame never found himself afraid of strangers, so he didn’t know why he was suddenly shy about talking to this nice-looking girl — he didn’t realise that this might be one of the few girls he had ever talked to. ‘Yes, emm… I was told… told that I need to… to find a college.’ 
‘Sure, here’s a list with colleges to choose from. You can pick three in the order of your preference.’ After Soarame’s fumbling replies, Dileys thought the boy might have language problems, so she spoke more slowly to help him understand. She then gave Soarame a piece of parchment, together with a big warm smile. ‘Take your time, and feel free to ask me questions.’ 
‘Thank you!’ Soarame noticed that the nice girl suddenly slowed down her speech, although he didn’t know why. ‘But I… I actually don’t know… what college to apply for.’ 
‘You don’t?’ Dileys was a little surprised. ‘Your parents didn’t give you suggestions?’ 
‘Well…’ Soarame was not sure how to put this. ‘It’s a long story.’ Soarame was not sure why Scankeen hadn’t told him about all this — maybe because this was his last test?
‘OK, don’t panic. I’m here to help.’ Dileys checked Soarame’s emblem. ‘Water department? Plus Lightning, but not activated yet… So you have gifts in Lightning, but are only allowed to learn Water magic for now?’ 
‘Yes, is that… ok?’ Soarame sensed a change in Dileys reaction. 
‘Ah, of course, it’s good. I’m a student of the Water department too!’ Dileys was actually very happy. ‘It’s only that most students in Water are girls; or I should say there are almost no boys. But no worries, you are most welcome to join!’ 
Soarame was just about to ask why they were all girls, when he heard a harsh voice. ‘A boy in Water? Ha-ha… Let me have a look!’ 
Soarame raised his head to find a tall boy walking towards him, looking at him with contempt. At the same time, everyone else looked over, curious about what was going on. Dileys stepped before Soarame and yelled at the boy. ‘Casavin, mind your own business!’ 
The tall boy, Casavin, didn’t really care what Dileys said and walked over to Soarame, laughing. ‘My name is Casavin, what’s yours? You know what… it doesn’t matter. I’ll just call you Water Boy!’ Just before Soarame could answer, Casavin waved his hand and said. ‘You’re probably the only boy in Water this year.’ 
Grabbing Soarame’s emblem from Dileys, Casavin sneered. ‘Water with a “capable” gift? You do know that’s the minimum requirement of this school, right?’ In the Institute of Libral, “capable” actually means “common”, but the school chose the wording that way so that it sounds better.
‘Go away Casavin, no one needs you here!’ Dileys grabbed Soarame’s emblem back. Giving the emblem back to Soarame, Dileys said gently. ‘Soarame, ignore him and keep this emblem with you, ok? It’s your identifier in school so don’t let anyone take it.’ 
Soarame nodded while Casavin laughed aloud by his side. ‘Ha-ha…a Water boy, who wants his emblem anyway?’ 
‘Shut up!’ Dileys was mad. ‘Casavin, you are jealous because you can’t practise Water. I’m sorry you don’t have the gift!’ 
‘Whoops, you are sorry? I’m not.’ Casavin giggled. ‘I don’t blame you for protecting him — he’s probably the only hope of Water, with his “capable” gift!’ 
‘Casavin, what’s wrong with Water? Are you saying Water is weak?’ Soarame was by no means happy; but he sensed something tricky, so he kept his temper and asked the question as everyone was giggling. Strangely enough, after Soarame’s question, everyone went silent. 
Soarame didn’t realise that his question was actually a solid one. In Soarame’s opinion, water could put out fire and that was just the way it is; however, in the magic world, it was actually the opposite. When water meets fire, fire may vanish and water vaporize, true. But the point is that water does not cause as much immediate damage as fire, and that counts for a lot in magic battles. Think about it — when two fight, one gets burnt while the other one only gets wet, who wins? 
Therefore, Water magic could only compete with Fire at a higher level — when it upgraded to Ice magic and countered Fire with its freezing capacity. That said, in the institute, where most students were at a lower level, not many had the power to do that. 
Hearing Soarame’s loud questioning, many new students started whispering to each other — 
‘I heard that Water is the poorest magic for attacking, and works best at nourishing and healing, so only girls like it.’ 
‘That’s right, how could Water compete with the others? Especially Fire, it’s far more powerful!’ 
‘Light is even better! It’s the best at mind attacks and also great at healing!’ 
‘No way, Wind is the best! Do you know how much damage windblades can do? Plus, it has the Flying spell!’ 
‘Nah-nah, Darkness is the best! With a shadowcape spell one can be invisible. How can you attack someone invisible?’ 
Hearing the discussions around him, Soarame began to realise what was going on. No wonder he might be the only Water boy this year — male students usually wouldn’t choose the Water lineage as their major. What he didn’t know was that more girls than boys had the gift of Water in the first place, according to a survey from the Sunrise Alliance. 
‘Actually it’s not that bad to go to Water.’ Casavin carried on. ‘There are so many pretty girls there; maybe I do wish I could go!’ 
Seeing Dileys becoming angrier and angrier, Casavin knew it was better to leave now. Dileys looked at Soarame and sighed. ‘Soarame, don’t listen to them — especially Casavin. He’s always rude; from now on, just keep away from him.’ 
Hearing this, Soarame suddenly lifted his head. ‘Why? Why would I hide from him?’ 
‘It’s…’ Dileys forced a smile. ‘That guy doesn’t have manners…’ 
‘You can’t beat him, silly. So if you don’t hide, what else can you do?’ A sniggering voice sounded from behind them. Soarame turned around to find a chubby boy giggling, surrounded by others. 
‘Is there nothing else, other than fighting or hiding?’ Soarame frowned and asked in reply. 
‘Ha, interesting… what do you suggest, crying?’ As the plump boy spoke, the giggling around them became even louder. 
Dileys frowned and pulled Soarame aside. ‘Soarame, ignore all of them. Although fights are forbidden in the institute, there can still be bullying in different ways. If someone picks on you, just tell me and I’ll take care of it.’ 
Soarame was about to say something, but he didn’t. If his master hadn’t specifically told him not to reveal his secrets, he’d have pulled out his wand already. Dileys certainly noticed that the boy didn’t look happy at all, so she quickly changed the topic. ‘All right, Soarame, time to talk about your college application.’ 
Hearing this, Soarame was roused from the distraction and looked down at the parchment. A number of colleges were dotted thickly on the parchment, each had a name and a brief description. New students were supposed to make their choices with the help of their family before they came to the institute, but since Soarame was an exception, he had to ask some naïve questions. ‘Dileys, why do these names read like people?’ 
‘Because those are people’s names.’ Dileys patiently explained. ‘The Institute of Libral is named after the Great Libral, and college names are named after the first names of the founders. For example, “Joseph College” was founded by the Master Joseph Carloon.’ 
‘Then is this “Stanfaul College” named after the Great Stanfaul Libral?’ asked Soarame. 
‘Exactly. Stanfaul College was founded by the Great Stanfaul Libral.’ Dileys nodded. ‘It is the most historic college and has the best facilities, but it only accepts the best students too.’ 
‘Then I’ll go for Stanfaul College!’ Soarame said immediately. 
Just when Dileys was about to speak, there came a familiar voice from beside them. ‘What? You? Stanfaul College?’ 
Soarame turned around and stared at the same chubby boy — getting used to such challenges had been always difficult, especially as this chubby boy reminded Soarame of the schoolboys in his hometown years ago. Soarame subconsciously started pacing towards the boy. Seeing that, Dileys hastened forward to hold Soarame back. ‘Just ignore him! But you do need to think it over — Stanfaul College is the best, most have “superior” gifts, so “capable” is rare there... don’t risk it!’ 
On the other side, the chubby boy yelled. ‘How dare you stare at me? Water Boy!’ 
‘Oh, I thought I just did? And my name is Soarame!’ Soarame had never been provocative but had always been responsive. ‘What about yours? The Mouth?’ 
‘Wow, you actually have a backbone! You remember my name: Kriagon. I’ll deal with you later.’ Kriagon was irritated by the Water boy firing back at him. How could a Water fire anything? This was simply incompatible. 
‘Kriagon? Good name!’ Soarame suddenly laughed. ‘So you cry, and “cry again”?’ 
Hearing Soarame, everyone in the room also laughed. Even Dileys couldn’t help chuckling and patted Soarame’s head. 
Kriagon’s face reddened with anger. He rushed towards Soarame to charge at him, but was pulled back swiftly by an older student. 
‘Enough!’ exclaimed a cold voice from a distance, and instantly the whole crowd quieted down. Soarame raised his head to find another tall male student walking towards him. He seemed to be revered by the other older students, including Dileys. They were all standing upright. ‘Rodka!’ 
Rodka nodded and walked up to Soarame and Kriagon. ‘All freshmen listen up, especially you two! This is the Institute of Libral, not some street corner. Fights are strictly forbidden! You’ll be excused today because you are new here, but if this happens again you’ll be suspended — one more time, expelled! Do you understand?’ 
‘Yes!’ Everyone answered together, including a pale-faced Kriagon. 
‘I’m going to mark your name down, though.’ Rodka turned towards Soarame. ‘What’s your name?’ 
‘Soarame,’ answered Soarame. ‘He started it!’ 
‘I know. But that doesn’t mean making fun of others’ names is right.’ Before Soarame could argue, Rodka turned to Kriagon. ‘You laughed at Soarame for majoring in Water, correct?’ 
Seeing Kriagon’s awkward countenance, Rodka looked around at everyone. ‘This is another lesson to you all — in this school, no fighting is the first rule. The second rule is no discrimination of any kind: race, gender, age, magic power, magic gifts, lineage of magic, or one’s original country, anything at all! We have zero tolerance against discrimination, and you’d better keep it in mind at all times!’ 
‘But Rodka…’ Kriagon complained. ‘Casavin was the first one to mock Water… you just missed him!’ 
‘What? It was Casavin?’ Rodka glanced at Dileys. Seeing her nod sheepishly, he frowned. ‘I’ll go and get him right away.’ 
With that, Rodka turned and left under everyone’s awestruck gaze, especially the new students. 
‘Rodka is a genius and he’s very famous here. He’s a Grade 5 tri-lineage wizard of Wind, Fire, and Light!’ Dileys’ face blushed as she spoke. ‘Oh, he is in Stanfaul College, by the way. If you can get in there you could see him a lot.’
‘Then Stanfaul College it is!’ Soarame was excited to hear this. ‘OK, I’m going to queue then!’
‘Ah! You really want to take the risk?’ Dileys tried to persuade Soarame to think it over, but couldn’t defeat his persistence. ‘Fine, but you can pick three colleges in order, so you should at least choose two more for backup.’ 
‘OK, but which two?’ Soarame looked at Dileys. ‘Dileys, which college are you in?’ 
‘Bosstin College,’ answered Dileys. 
‘Then Bosstin is my second choice!’ Soarame marked a number two before “Bosstin College” with his pen. 
‘Wait, oh my god.’ Dileys watched Soarame, speechless. ‘Soarame, don’t you want to think about it before making the choice? Bosstin College is a very ordinary college, far from Stanfaul. You are jumping from one extreme right to another.’ 
‘I already thought about it. I want to be in the same college with you.’ Soarame believed this reason to be good enough. ‘Which college is Casavin in?’ 
‘Ah… that pest is in Halston College.’ Dileys answered after a pause. ‘Wait, you aren’t thinking…’ 
‘Then Halston is my third!’ Soarame’s words almost struck Dileys down. 
‘You can’t be serious, Soarame!’ Dileys was anxious. ‘It’s ok to go for Rodka or me, but why Casavin?’ 
‘If I can’t be with friends and be happy, then I want to be with challengers to make me tough!’ Soarame’s words were surprising — he was actually reciting Scankeen’s words once in the past.
Dileys was stunned. Seeing Soarame’s eyes glow with innocence, she couldn’t imagine those were his words — well, indeed not. Dileys thought it over and over, but it seemed she could only come up with one reason to contradict Soarame. ‘But Halston College ranks far higher than Bosstin College. If you truly want to apply, you should make it your second choice.’ 
The minute Dileys said it, she almost wanted to bite her tongue. What the heck was I thinking? Just as she was about to correct her words, Soarame declared. ‘No need. I decide to punish it because of Casavin!’ 
Hearing this, Dileys had to chuckle. As Soarame happily went off to the queue, Dileys couldn’t help wondering how the Deans of the colleges would react to his application form. Soarame’s style had never been put into practice before — everyone here exhausted themselves fighting for a better chance, but Soarame just threw dice. 
Soarame handed in his application and came scampering back. Dileys wanted to show Soarame around the campus, but for some reason the campus seemed to be in a different time zone from Cylone City — it was already getting dark here and Soarame knew that Filton was still waiting. Therefore, they said goodbye and agreed to meet each other again two days later, when there would be campus tours for the freshmen led by some student volunteers — Dileys happened to be one of them. 
Stepping out of the school from the same cave, Soarame immediately saw Filton waiting for him in the sunshine. The contrast was very distracting — inside the campus the sun was setting, but it’s still around noon outside. 
‘Congratulations!’ Filton was certainly pleased to know that Soarame passed the test; so were Sachastain and the guards. 
‘Well done, Soarame!’ While the visitors cheered and applauded Soarame, Sachastain got close and looked at Soarame’s emblem. ‘You have a superior gift in Lightning? Wow!’ 
‘Yes, but I can’t practise it right now.’ 
‘Oh, take your time on it; that’s a minor issue.’ Sachastain sized Soarame up seriously and was amazed. ‘The Lightning gift is rare. Be patient and use your gift well!’ 
‘Thank you, I will. Sachastain, will you visit me some time?’
‘Of course! I promise you that I will visit you in your dorm after you settle down.’ 
The three talked a bit and Soarame left with Filton. Watching Soarame’s back, Sachastain was seriously thinking about something — 
Maybe, this boy is the one I’m looking for?

THE CAMPUS AND CITIES


The next morning, Filton and Soarame were walking along the street in Cylone City. The city centre was beautiful and magnificent; all the different buildings were well decorated, exemplifying the classic style of large cities. It was very busy everywhere, with all kinds of street shows and activities going on, and people from every corner of the world gathering and participating. Greetings, laughing and whispering surrounded them; Soarame and Filton enjoyed themselves by watching the antics and hearing music of different styles — oh, the snake player was a bit scary, though.
Right now, Soarame was watching a street artist painting with ink in his own special way — unlike other painters, he simply poured ink onto the canvas and blew on it to make the ink flow, generating different shapes and patterns. Soarame was fascinated by his skills — a vivid plum-blossom tree emerged on the canvas just like that.
‘Hey, how are you guys?’ A street performer came along and greeted Filton. ‘We are having a game here, want to join us?’
‘What game?’ Filton asked. ‘As long as you’re not going to put a giant snake on my boy.’ Filton was leaving the next day, so Soarame was feeling sad. Filton thought that a game might cheer him up a bit.
‘Ha-ha, no. It’s a fun game and pretty easy, all you need to do is pour the beer into the bottle. The player with the most beer in a bottle wins the game and gets a gold coin. If you can fill the bottle more than half, you get an extra prize!’ The performer was holding a bowl of beer and a narrow-necked bottle. ‘Only twenty silver coins to play, it’s very cheap.’
‘Well, that…’ Realizing there was a payment, Filton went silent. Twenty silver coins was not a small amount to him, especially as he had to spend money on the trip back. 
‘It’s ok Filton. I don’t want to play anyway.’ Soarame saw Filton’s hesitation and clearly knew why.
‘If you can’t afford twenty silver coins, why are you here?’ the performer rolled his eyes at Filton after figuring out what was going on. ‘You do know this is Cylone City, not your country yard, don’t you?’
Soarame had been ready to leave until hearing this. Seeing Filton’s embarrassed face, Soarame was enraged. ‘So what’s the extra prize? If I can fill half of the bottle, what do I get?’
‘Ten gold coins!’ The performer looked at Soarame, sneering. ‘Why not give it a try? It’s worth a month of your papa’s work.’ 
‘Let’s do it.’ Filton was mad too because of the performer’s attitude. He paid the fee and got a bowl and a bottle for Soarame. ‘As long as he can fill the bottle up, right?’
‘Oh, if you fill it up, I’ll give you twenty gold coins! But you only have one minute.’ The performer laughed at the two, then checked all the players. ‘Everyone ready? Three, two, one, go!’
With that, all started to pour beer from their bowls into the narrow bottlenecks. The bowls were wide and flat, and the bottlenecks were so narrow that the game was rather difficult. Plus, the bowl could only hold as much as the bottle, so filling the bottle up was a mission impossible. All the players tried hard to carefully do the job, but there is a time limit so they couldn’t be too slow. As a result, everyone ended up spilling most of the beer. Soarame had realized the trick straightaway, and he knew that the same thing would happen to him if he were not a wizard, especially a Water wizard. However — 
‘Oh dear, look at that boy!’ The audience started to notice Soarame soon enough, because he hadn’t spilt a drop.
‘What?’ The performer was stunned to watch Soarame doing this. ‘No way!’ Seeing Soarame’s bottle was already full, the performer almost cried. However, a deal was a deal, so he had to hand over twenty gold coins with a fake smile. Many people in the crowd had actually witnessed what had happened since the beginning of the encounter. They had felt sorry for Filton and Soarame being insulted until now — there was the chance for them to cheer for the boy’s fabulous play and force the performer to live up to his words.
‘Well done, Soarame!’ Walking down the street happily, the two enjoyed looking at the different shops and restaurants. They were all nicely decorated and looked fascinating, especially a small building not too far away. The two approached the building and found it to be a magigear store. They were curious and entered it, only to find out that even the cheapest wand cost more than they could afford, so they had to leave soon. Interestingly, there was a dog-like magimal in the store and Soarame went to inquire about it, only to realize that it cost ten times more than the wand.
‘Well, I thought we could use the prize to buy you a magigear.’ Walking out of the store, Filton sighed. ‘Looks like we can only get a lunch instead.’ So the two of them entered a restaurant and enjoyed their last meal together. Filton wanted to leave the city in the afternoon, so that he could get a cheaper dinner and a hotel somewhere on the way back. 
Soarame knew Filton must be feeling really sorry for this, so he was determined to make money somehow during his school life here, and help his uncle as much as he could. The lunch was therefore pretty tasteless for Soarame, although the food was actually good. The two talked a lot during lunch before they came back to the Libral Gate. After repeatedly urging Soarame to take care of himself, Filton finally saw Soarame disappear into the cave again, holding back the tears. This time it was official — Soarame would start his school life and Filton would head back home and continue to be a tree-feller, all alone.

‘Chelonad, can you hear me?’ Soarame walked out of the channel after passing the Libral Gate. ‘I want to go to my dorm.’
‘You should have done that yesterday.’ Chelonad’s voice sounded soon enough. ‘I know it’s hard to leave the family for the first time, but don’t worry, you will feel great here.’
‘Thank you. We had fun today in the city.’ Soarame briefly told the story of how he made twenty gold coins from the game.
‘Why didn’t you just tell him you are a wizard?’ Chelonad’s voice sounded amused. ‘He’d have apologised quickly enough.’
‘Well, Filton does need the money for his trip back.’ Soarame chuckled. ‘By the way, are there any jobs on campus?’
‘For you?’ Chelonad sounded surprised. ‘You want to work for a living?’
‘Yes, can I?’ Soarame was anxious to know the answer.
‘That’s interesting. Your master didn’t…’ Chelonad suddenly stumbled over his words. ‘You must didn’t… know that a wizard can always find money.’
‘How?’ Soarame didn’t notice the trick. His eyes brightened up. ‘I want to start now.’
‘Well, you are lucky then — the Wizard Law says you can work at school. But take your time — you just got here!’
‘OK, I can take time today, but I will take all the jobs on campus, starting tomorrow.’ 
‘You can’t. The school only allows you to take one job at a time, and only on the weekends.’ Soarame’s words made Chelonad chuckle. ‘OK, enough of this talk — your dorm is here.’
‘Here?’ Soarame found himself facing nothing. ‘What do you mean?’
Soarame’s question was answered right away — a small house rose from the ground and emerged in front of Soarame.
‘Wow, Chelonad, you are not only good at growing trees!’ Soarame marvelled.
‘Of course. I’m good at a lot of things.’ Chelonad’s voice sounded proud. ‘This is just your bedroom cell. It will relocate after your college is determined.’
‘Relocate? How? Where?’ Soarame wondered.
‘I won’t know that until you are officially assigned to a college. Then this cell will fly somewhere and merge with several other cells to make a full dorm house there, and that will be your official dorm.’
‘Wait, did you say fly there?’
‘Yes, and you can enjoy the flight within the cell. This is deliberately designed for freshmen here. You can also invite up to four guests to fly with you, if you know anyone here.’ Chelonad said. ‘OK, I will talk to you later.’
‘Thanks, Chelonad!’ Soarame went over to the cell and opened the door. It was a small but neat en-suite bedroom, with furniture and everything he needed. Soarame noticed that there was a magic symbol on the wall, so he touched it and the room lit up. Soarame put his hands on the wall, trying to figure out what material it was — definitely not wood, metal or even rock. Soarame was amazed to find the wall felt warm and live, as if it was alive.
This place is just amazing! Soarame sighed deeply. Hours ago he was excited about twenty gold coins, and now the boy started to realise more and more how silly that was.

Soarame took some time to tidy up his stuff and had a good sleep. He had a dream that night, seeing himself flying in the sky, enjoying the magnificent views of Cylone City and all that, and then he saw a line of carriages with the royal symbols of Astandos on them.
Deltaley? Soarame was surprised to see this face again. The prince of Astandos was getting out of a carriage and getting into another one. Soarame landed beside Deltaley but found that no one could see him for some reason, as if he was transparent; so he followed Deltaley into the other carriage out of curiosity — 
‘Filton?’ Soarame was surprised to see that Filton was sitting there having a meal, with the same food as their last lunch together before they parted. Soarame walked up to Filton. ‘Why are you here?’
Filton didn’t respond, probably because he couldn’t see Soarame either. So Soarame turned around to check on Deltaley, but found he had disappeared. Soarame had to get out of the carriage, but suddenly found himself surrounded by Astandos warriors, fully armed, with spears pointing at him. Deltaley walked up from behind the warriors, sneering at Soarame.
‘What is all this and why? You can see me now?’ Soarame was anxious and tried to talk to Deltaley, but Deltaley only responded with a hand wave — the warriors pounced forward and attacked Soarame with their sharp spears.
‘Ahh!’ Soarame woke up, soaked in cold sweat. ‘Oh god, what the heck was that?!’
Getting up from his bed, Soarame washed his face and laughed at himself. He must have been too tired and had a weird dream. Seeing the sun already high, Soarame tidied himself up and called Chelonad for directions to the campus tour. Dileys was going to hold the tour this morning, and according to their arrangement Soarame was going to join her.
The two met up at the gathering point soon enough. There were a number of new students waiting already; surprisingly, some of them had brought their magimals along. Soarame really fell for a cute little dog-like magimal; he was playing with it like everyone else, and tried to make friends along the way.
‘We are starting with the Water department because I study here.’ Dileys led the group to a giant building that looked like an enormous blue crystal cluster, surrounded by a group of other buildings that looked like smaller crystals. The halo shining from the “crystals” dazed the freshmen and made them go ‘wow’, one after another. The group walked around the buildings while Dileys spared no efforts elucidating the history of the Water department and the culture around it; but she found that most of the freshers were only interested in the appearance of the building, and not the department or Water magic.
 Sighing in her heart, Dileys had to continue the trip and show the group all of the seven departments. The Fire department looked like a sheet of flames spreading over its territory; the buildings in the Wind department were all cool and streamlined in appearance, in sharp contrast to the bulk and dense feeling of the Earth department. Buildings in the Light department were made of unknown materials that changed their colours if observed from different angles; the Darkness department was just the contrary — the buildings were all black, and the group couldn’t find the doors and windows in them. The last stop was the Lightning department, the only department that had just one building — it was a skyscraper, tall and thin. Dileys had always wanted to climb to the top of it — it must be a marvellous view of the entire campus.
The group had finished the tour by noon, cheering and waving along the way. Dileys sent the freshers back to the gathering point, then left with Soarame for lunch.
‘That was truly amazing.’ Soarame still couldn’t get over the tour. ‘Where are we going after this?’
‘The town zone.’ Dileys was satisfied to see Soarame impressed by her tour. ‘The morning tour only covered the students’ zone, which is restricted to wizards only. There’s a town on campus too, and it’s very different — most people there are not wizards; it’s almost like another Cylone City! You will be amazed.’
‘How big is this campus after all?’ Soarame couldn’t help asking.
‘It’s big enough for you to have more fun than you can handle, without going out of it.’ Dileys claimed with excitement. ‘The students’ area has all kinds of organisations to join; they hold a lot of events and activities — sometimes games. The town has so much going on too; lots of students get jobs there for practice.’
‘Jobs?’ Soarame’s eyes brightened. ‘I want to find a job too, so that I can make some money.’
‘Already? You just got here!’ Dileys was surprised. ‘What kind of job are you looking for?’
‘I don’t know, I want to have a look and choose. We are going to the town anyway, right?’
‘OK, let’s find out. I suggest picking some work where you can practise magic at work.’ Dileys took out a booklet — it was a list of regular job openings. ‘I got myself a gardening job, because I can play with Water while I’m doing it.’
‘That’s cool. But don’t all jobs require magic here?’
‘No, most jobs here are ordinary, as most people in town are not wizards.’ Dileys patiently explained some of the basics. ‘Even our school staff, most of them are not wizards — like guards, chefs and cleaners. After all, we don’t have that many wizards in the world.’
‘Got it.’ Soarame nodded. ‘So what jobs do we have here?’
‘Let’s see… chop firewood? Carry timber? No, the age limit is older and it’s probably better for Wind students… Library work? Mail delivery? These are fine, but are not relevant to Water magic.’ Dileys paged through the booklet. ‘How about washing dishes or mopping floors? These could suit you.’
‘No thanks... I’ve done that at home. Are there any fun jobs?’ Soarame was a bit disappointed to see that most of the interesting jobs were for older students.
‘Fun jobs?’ Dileys went further through the booklet with Soarame for a little while — 
‘How about this?’ Soarame picked a job called “ice engraving — helper. Minimum age: 12. Minimum school grade: 1.” According to the description, this job was to help the engraver artist prepare ice cubes, cut roughcasts, sand the work and so on, so that it could be exhibited to the public when it was ready. This looked very interesting to Soarame, as he had always appreciated the arts — when he was living with Filton, he carved wooden blocks with his little knife from time to time, but never got a teacher to train him to do it better.
Following the instructions in the booklet, Soarame and Dileys got to the engraver’s studio. The studio was not a giant building; in size it was similar to Filton’s, but well decorated.
‘There we go.’ Soarame was excited. ‘Can’t believe we actually have an art studio here.’
‘I know, right? The campus is big and has a lot of different things.’ Dileys agreed. ‘This is just the edge of the town. There’s a lot more in the town. You’ll be impressed when we get there.’
‘How can I help you?’ A man came up to greet them soon after they walked into the studio building. The three of them had a quick talk and got to know each other. The man was actually the sculptor himself, named Dafinol. Dafinol was very easy-going and showed the two to his exhibition room, so that Soarame could see if he liked this place. The room was freezing, and they saw lines of nicely-done ice sculptures on the tables there. 
‘You can touch them if you want.’ Dafinol suggested. ‘They won’t melt as long as you don’t hold them for too long.’
Soarame put his hands on a sculpture of a dragon. He recognized this one at first glance, because his master had shown him various pictures of dragons and repeatedly emphasised the dangerous nature of these creatures. Upon physical contact through his bare hands, Soarame could feel the extremely slow but steady movement of Water elements within the sculpture, as if they were trying to talk to Soarame and convince him that they were alive; if Soarame was able to guide them, they were ready to follow Soarame’s will.
‘You like dragons?’ Dafinol was pretty proud of this work “Dragon Roar” himself; he was glad to see Soarame immersing himself in it.
‘Ahh, yes of course.’ Soarame woke up from the fantasy of Water elements. ‘It’s so vivid and alive — did you ever see a live dragon before?’
‘I wish.’ Dafinol sighed. ‘But I’ve only seen pictures.’
‘They are dangerous.’ Dileys said, as every wizard was told. ‘You are not afraid to see a real one?’
‘No, if I could get to see a real one, I’d happily to do anything in exchange.’ There was fanaticism in Dafinol’s eyes. ‘I live for carving, die for carving. That’s what I do with my life. If I could see a real dragon and make a sculpture of it, I would never regret it no matter what.’
‘This man is a real artist! I respect him.’ After the two walked out of the studio, Soarame still could not get over Dafinol’s words. Soarame’s job had been confirmed, so from then on he would work in the engraving studio on the weekends. As for the salary, Dafinol was generous enough to offer ten gold coins a day, which was more than Soarame had expected — perhaps, soon enough, he would be able to send money to Filton!
‘This job is fun, right?’ Dileys was happy that Soarame had got what he wanted. ‘As I told you, the campus is as much fun as Cylone City.’
‘Nice, so we don’t really have to leave school at all.’ After his unhappy experience in Cylone, Soarame liked this idea.
‘That’s exactly the point.’ Dileys said. ‘Look, we are in town now.’ 
‘Oh right, it does look like Cylone City — is this a bank?’ Soarame was walking pass a big building decorated with red diamonds. ‘I have some coins in my dorm to deposit.’
‘No, it’s an office of the Cylone Auction Hall. People can deposit their works here so that they don’t have to go out to Cylone for the auction every time.’ Dileys explained. ‘Dafinol must be familiar with it; I bet his sculptures are popular there. You should ask if you can attend an auction with him some time.’
‘How much does a sculpture usually fetch?’
‘That I don’t know, but it won’t be cheap.’ Dileys suddenly thought of something. ‘Soarame, if you can carve your own work, you’ll make a lot more money.’
‘Oh yes! Why didn’t I think of that?’ Soarame was enlightened. ‘I’ll ask Dafinol if he’s willing to teach me.’
The two spent the entire day walking around the town. Soarame enjoyed the tour and found all kinds of interesting things. Upon Dileys’ insistence, Soarame even got his hair cut and now looked even cuter. The boy really liked this place; although there was some distance between the students’ area and the town within the campus, it was much more convenient than getting through the maze to go out. Soarame and Dileys split up when they got back, and agreed to meet again to check out the results of Soarame’s college application when it was announced.

The results didn’t take too long to come out. Three days later, the admissions building was crowded. Soarame and Dileys made a great effort to get close to the callboard to look for Soarame’s name. 
‘Soarame, look!’ Dileys said. Soarame followed Dileys, only to find that it wasn’t his name she was pointing at — 
‘Kriagon, major in Wind and Fire, minor in Light, Halston College.’ He read from the board.
‘Remember that chubby boy?’ Dileys said in surprise. ‘He’s actually not bad! This means that his gift in Wind and Fire are both at least “capable”. For Light it doesn’t reach that, but he still can give it a try.
‘In our school, the grade of a student is based on the magic power he reaches, regardless of his age. For example, the age of a Grade 3 can vary from ten to fourteen, but it’s not surprising when someone is younger or older than that.’ Dileys knew that there were lots of basics for Soarame to understand. ‘A student of any major can graduate from the institute as long as he reaches Grade 6, and must graduate if he reaches Expert level, which maps to Grade 7 but we don’t have that grade here.’ 
Soarame listened and nodded. His master had told him about four ranks for wizards: Novice, Adept, Expert and Master. Accordingly, Levels (or Grades) 1 to 3 were different sub-levels within Novice; 4 to 6 were for Adept; 7 to 9 were Expert; and finally, Level 10 meant Master. Soarame knew that his master wanted him to become an Expert before graduation, not just a Grade 6. ‘How many years are we supposed to stay here?’
‘It really depends. Most graduate in a few years, when they are about twenty years old. But I heard that some crazy genius graduated as early as sixteen in the past, and some stay much longer.’ 
‘How old is Rodka, then?’ Hearing this, Soarame had to ask. 
‘Ah... Rodka is an absolute star here!’ On hearing the name “Rodka”, Dileys’ eyes suddenly shone up. ‘Grade 5 in Wind, Fire and Light, but only seventeen! What a genius… do you know how hard that is?’ 
Realising the greatness of Rodka, Soarame couldn’t help his feelings of admiration. It seemed that Soarame really would have to work hard, as he definitely wasn’t the only one with gifts. 
Seeing how Soarame marvelled, Dileys was satisfied and changed the topic. ‘We haven’t found your name yet, Soarame, hurry up!’ The two again started searching for Soarame’s name. 
‘Soarame, I’ve found it!’ Said Dileys after a while. ‘Your college is… What? Why?’

****
 
‘Your name is Soarame?’
In a meeting room, a skinny old wizard in a leather chair raised his head, scrutinising Soarame. By his side, there were five other wizards gazing at Soarame too. Soarame recognised one of them, Aertiuno, who had given him the entry test the other day. 
‘Yes, I’m Soarame.’ Soarame was a little nervous; he had no idea what was happening. 
‘Soarame,’ said the old wizard expressionlessly. ‘You are a new student, with a mere “capable” gift in Water, and you choose not to learn Lightning for now. Why do you think Stanfaul College should admit you?’ 
‘Err…’ Soarame pondered for a while, but didn’t really know how to answer; so he asked a question in reply. ‘Sir, why am I the only one here? Everyone else has their colleges announced.’ 
‘Because they all picked their college in a reasonable way, unlike you.’ The old wizard was still expressionless. ‘You can call me Dean Romboton. I’m the Dean of Stanfaul College. This is Dean Akex, the Vice Dean.’ Dean Romboton introduced the wizard on his left; he was a red-faced, pot-bellied man, quite different from Dean Romboton in shape. 
‘Soarame, in case you didn’t know, students who apply for our college are all highly gifted in at least two lineages. I see you have a superior gift in Lightning, but that’s just one lineage and it’s deactivated.’ Dean Akex took over from Dean Romboton. ‘With a capable gift in Water, which is your only major, it’s likely that you will be the weakest student in maybe the entire institute, for at least a few years — assuming that you work hard enough. And you should know that, in the magic world, power counts for a lot.’ 
Soarame listened in silence. His master had once told him that the rule of gift assessment had been in dispute for decades. Normally, a student should not be judged on his gifts; but this was a magic institute, cultivating wizards to protect the world, so it judged students’ potential not only for the greater good of the world, but also for the safety of students — if one was not gifted enough to learn a certain spell but went for it anyway, that could result in serious injury. Therefore, after accidents had happened multiple times in the past, the institute enforced this seemingly cruel gift-assessment policy. Also, the colleges competed with each other in all kinds of events and matches in order to achieve their rankings in the institute, and they all wanted their students to be as strong as possible at all times. 
As a consequence, just as Dean Akex had pointed out, Soarame was very likely to be the weakest student in the entire institute. Of course, Soarame hadn’t thought about this when he submitted his college application. Now, the odds were actually stacked against him — he had been summoned to this interview, conducted by the Deans from three colleges that he applied to. 
Soarame crossed his fingers nervously. Thinking of Dileys’ bewilderment upon seeing his name on the callboard with “college to be confirmed” appended, Soarame knew that all his questions would be answered in this interview. 
‘Soarame, are you with us?’ Dean Romboton’s voice came again. ‘We are still waiting. Why were you so brave as to choose Stanfaul?’ 
‘Err… I can perform Lightning later?’ Soarame was not sure what else to say; he really wished his master hadn’t asked him to keep the Wind gift secret. ‘And I really adore the Great Libral, so I just had to give his college a try.’
‘Well, this puts you at risk now. If you can’t impress us today, you might be denied by all three colleges, and we are not sure where to put you if that happens.’ Dean Romboton looked at Soarame. ‘How about this? I offer you another chance to redo your college application. Think carefully now and tell me your new first choice.’
‘Stanfaul College is my first choice.’ Soarame thought for a bit but was not willing to change.
‘Are you sure?’ Dean Romboton arched an eyebrow. ‘You won’t have another chance.’
‘Yes sir.’ Soarame took a deep breath and held it. ‘I must give it a try, and I have no regrets, whatever happens.’ Soarame recalled Dafinol’s words days ago and was infected by his courage.
Hearing Soarame’s words, one of the old wizards showed a hint of smile on his face. Soarame didn’t know it, but this wizard was actually the most senior member of the committee — the Principal of the institute, Gazbell, the one whom Scankeen had visited before he left. Hearing Soarame’s words, Gazbell knew that this boy had passed the first test. Dean Romboton and Dean Akex glanced at each other, and both found a hint of approval in each other’s eyes — they were also pleased to hear what the boy had said. The school seemed to be cruel on students by judging their gifts, but at the same time it could test their confidence, attitude and belief, too.
‘Nice job, Soarame.’ Before Dean Romboton said anything, another old wizard chipped in. ‘You adore the Great Libral so much that you decided to put Bosstin College before Halston College? Do you know how hard we work to get a better ranking for our college?’
Soarame puzzled briefly before he realised what was going on — needless to say, this wizard was Halston’s Dean. 
‘Dean O’heven’s question makes sense. Why did you put Bosstin before Halston? It’s a sharp contrast to the rankings,’ Dean Romboton asked. 
Soarame pondered for a bit but finally decided to tell them the true reason. ‘Because I think Halston may not welcome Water students as much as Bosstin.’ 
‘Nonsense!’ Dean O’heven was astonished to hear that. ‘Who told you that? In our school, we all treat students of any lineage equally.’ 
‘Mr. Dean, a student from your college laughed at me for majoring in Water.’ Soarame had to speak up for himself. ‘But I can’t tell you who.’ 
‘Not possible!’ Dean O’heven was upset to hear Soarame’s accusation, and glanced at Gazbell while responding. ‘Halston does not have this kind of student; you must be mistaken.’ Immediately after he had spoken, Dean O’heven already regretted challenging Soarame. A matter such as Soarame described could be as bad as people wanted it to be, or as trivial. Therefore, in front of the Principal, this had to be properly handled.
Gazbell looked completely impassive, but he was amused. He was actually the one that had made this interview happen, because he wanted to observe Soarame in person. Of course, he hadn’t told anyone about Soarame, so that they could feel free to ask tough questions. In that way, Gazbell would have a chance to see Scankeen’s apprentice’s reaction under pressure, and see if he really had a strong enough heart to become a great wizard later on. However, he hadn’t expected that Soarame would be able to turn the pressure back on them, and he didn’t want this topic to be expanded. ‘Dean O’heven, you should clarify this matter, but for now let’s move on to the next question.’ 
‘Certainly. I’ll go do it immediately.’ Dean O’heven was thankful that Gazbell let him walk away. He left the meeting room, with one last glance at Soarame. 
Closing the door, Dean O’heven looked thunderous. He knew that Soarame was not lying; all senior wizards were very sensitive to people’s mind waves, which resonated when one was performing magic, thinking hard, getting emotional or nervous — such as when telling a lie. Dean O’heven guessed who Soarame was describing — one of his favourite students, named Casavin, fit that style. He had been turning a blind eye out of fondness for the boy, and it had been so far so good. However, mistakes had happened this day; therefore, actions had to be taken. 
Back in the meeting room, the rest of the committee was at a loss for what to say next. Gazbell had to suppress his amusement and ask another wizard beside him. ‘Dean Harries, the Deans of Stanfaul and Halston both asked their questions, what about you?’ 

‘Mr. Principal, I have no question to ask; but I would like to thank Mr. Jadeking for considering Bosstin College.’ Dean Harries answered with a big smile. ‘Also, I have learned that Mr. Jadeking does have a special gift that may satisfy Stanfaul College — Aertiuno, would you like to talk about your persuasive whisper?’ 

DUEL PACT


‘Cheers!’ A vivacious blonde girl named Catheray lifted her glass of juice and all the girls around the table stood up and toasted Soarame, their Water-mate, for passing his unique interview. 
‘Great job, Soarame!’ Another beautiful girl named Jemario elbowed Soarame gently. ‘We are really proud to have you on board!’ 
‘Yes, Soarame, welcome to the Water family!’ Another girl called Vivarin acclaimed him. She was neatly dressed, with long silver hair, somehow making people think she was a sword-fighter rather than a wizard. With her words, everyone else toasted him. 
In the restaurant, a group of teenage girls sat together with Soarame, joking and laughing cheerfully. They were Dileys’ best friends and students in the Water department — all about the same age, but the girls had started school earlier than Soarame. Hearing that Soarame was admitted into Stanfaul College, they were so madly excited that they kidnapped him and rushed him out to celebrate at Aquamarine Sky, a popular restaurant on campus. 
The twittering and chirping from the girls naturally attracted the attention of male students in the restaurant. The boys squinted towards the table now and then; but finding that the focus of the girls was actually a boy, they were all puzzled. 
‘That kid was just admitted by Stanfaul College; it seems that’s the deal.’ A few boys caught the words from the girls. 
‘We should go and say hello,’ said one of them. 
‘What kind of hello?’ asked another one. 
‘What do you think? The big one, of course.’ 
‘Nah, I don’t want to get into trouble.’ 
‘He’s right; you don’t want to mess with someone in Stanfaul College. When he grades up he will get back at you, don’t forget that.’ 
Soarame wasn’t aware of the unwelcome attention he was getting. He was wrapped up in playing and joking with his new friends around him. 
‘OK everyone, time to let Soarame tell us about his amazing experience of striding into Stanfaul College as a pure Water!’ Jemario stood up and cheered. 
‘Yeah!’ Applause sounded from one after another; all the girls craned their necks as Soarame told his story. 
‘Jemario, it’s…’ Soarame felt so shy. Jemario had exaggerated, which made it hard for him to carry on. 
‘Pure Water? Meaning single-majored in Water? How could someone like that get into Stanfaul College?’ Before Soarame could go on with his words, a voice from another table sounded. 
The girls looked over, finding a few boys from the table nearby standing up. One of them came towards them and spoke to Soarame. ‘Hey, pure Water, is that true? You only practise Water magic?’ The boys hadn’t come over earlier because they didn’t want problems from a grown Stanfaul boy later on, but after they heard he was a pure Water student, they were no longer worried.
‘Who are you? Watch your manners!’ Hearing the contemptuous voice, Jemario shot to her feet and rebuked the boy. As a Water student, Jemario was fed up with contempt of all sorts, and so were all her friends. ‘He’s pure Water, so are all of us, so what?’
The male student hurriedly replied. ‘My name is Robert, Grade 4 in Earth, Joseph College. What’s your name?’ 
Robert was looking at Jemario, but Jemario was whispering with Catheray and didn’t heed his words at all. Robert was a little embarrassed, and he chose to stare at Soarame for that. 
‘What’s your problem?’ Seeing that, Dileys stood up in front of Soarame, gazing at Robert. ‘Why are you staring at him?’ Vivarin also came to Dileys’ side, staring at Robert with hands akimbo, signalling I’ll teach you a lesson if you don’t behave.
The Water girls had been known to be super protective of each other. Because Water magic before Expert level is commonly acknowledged to be not as powerful, the Water students naturally grouped together to help each other. Now Soarame had just became a member of the Water family, they were showing him the tradition. 
Just as the situation came to a head, everyone heard the creaking door of Aquamarine Sky. In walked another male student, tall and thin. Seeing who it was, Dileys instantly had a headache. Oh no, not him again… at this moment! 
The person who had stepped in was none other than Casavin, followed by his friends. 
Casavin had the reputation and nature of a troublemaker; stirring things up was his favourite hobby. Seeing the conflict between a crowd of girls and boys, Casavin was instantly alert. Although neither side welcomed him, Casavin quickly chose to help the girls so as to impress them. Standing beside Dileys, Casavin turned to Robert and thundered. ‘Who the heck are you? Stay away from my friends!’ 
‘Stay away yourself!’ A friend of Robert stepped forward to Casavin. ‘You don’t remember me, Casavin? We are both in Grade 4, Fire.’ 
‘Saja? Of course I remember you.’ Casavin sneered. ‘The brave boy who ran away from me last time.’ 
‘Who ran away?!’ Saja was instantly mad. ‘You had five others with you, last time! If you ever care for a one-on-one, I’m ready.’ Obviously, these two had had problems before and it was still not settled.
‘Saja, don’t!’ Robert stepped forward and blocked Saja. ‘As far as I know, his Earth magic is Grade 5.’ 
‘It’s ok. I won’t use Earth for our one-on-one.’ Casavin shrugged his shoulders and glared at Robert. ‘You heard him, he dared me, so I must take the challenge!’ 
‘OK, then! Let’s go sign a duel pact!’ Saja was overjoyed. ‘Fire vs. Fire, deal?’
‘Of course!’ Casavin confirmed without hesitation, and turned to the crowd in the restaurant. ‘You guys all witnessed this; we’ll move on to the arena! Everyone is invited to watch!’ 
The dinner plans were therefore aborted just like that. Casavin took the lead out of Aquamarine Sky and everyone followed out of curiosity, including Soarame and the girls.
The Institute of Libral forbade spontaneous fights between students, but allowed formal duels on a teacher’s authorization. Any student could issue a duel challenge to another in an equal or higher grade — but not lower — then they were free to compete in an arena on campus just as Casavin and Saja were about to, as long as a teacher watched them. 
This day, everyone was going to see a live duel. Fire vs. Fire, this one was going to be worthy of watching because both sides were good at attacking. As the crowd headed for the arena, more and more students came from all directions and joined them. Seeing that the crowd had become hundreds upon arrival at the arena, both Casavin and Saja were quite satisfied; they couldn’t wait to show off their powers in front of the crowd.
Stepping up to the closed gate, Casavin put his hand on a magic symbol beside it. The symbol lit up and passed his voice through to the teacher on duty inside. ‘This is Casavin and Saja. We are here for a duel. Please let us in!’
‘Welcome, all of you. You can call me Sandoray.’ Shortly after, the gate to the arena opened and a gorgeous female teacher came out. ‘Casavin and Saja, step forward, please.’ After checking the Libral Emblem of the two students, Sandoray looked at Saja. ‘You are challenging a Grade 5 as a Grade 4? That’s impressive.’ 
‘What?’ Saja was stunned. ‘We are both Grade 4.’ 
‘No, Casavin is Grade 5.’ Sandoray lifted Casavin’s emblem. ‘As is clearly shown here.’ 
‘What?’ Both Robert and Saja became anxious. ‘Casavin, you’re Grade 5 but you didn’t tell us?’ 
‘Well, you didn’t ask.’ Casavin shrugged his shoulders and sneered. Casavin’s friends had to hold back their laughter for this - they were the only group of people who knew that Casavin had just upgraded in Fire. That was actually the reason why they were here, to celebrate.
‘Cheat!’ Robert thundered. 
‘Watch your mouth, boy!’ Casavin was upset. ‘I didn’t ask for the duel, he did!’ 
‘This isn’t fair. He trapped you.’ Robert wanted to drag Saja away. ‘Screw this, let’s go.’ 
‘Wow, look at these cowards.’ Casavin burst into laughter. ‘What happened to the “dare a one on one”? You dared me, remember? Now you want to run away again, just like last time?’ 
‘Shut up, cheat!’ Saja was caught off guard by the situation. He couldn’t just walk away when so many were watching and whispering. ‘Shame on you! Tricks are all you’re capable of!’
‘Enough, both of you. You are wizards, not shrews!’ Sandoray shook her head on hearing all this. ‘If you still have the guts for the duel, walk into the arena and sign the magic pact. If either is afraid, admit it and off you go.’ 
‘Saja, don’t go in there!’ Robert tried to stop his friend, but Saja didn’t really have much choice — Casavin’s gang spared no effort mocking and sneering, and the whole crowd was watching — so he agreed to proceed. Sandoray pulled out a piece of parchment and used her wand to point at it. The next second, her statement for the duel appeared on the parchment in words, as if she had written everything on it by hand. Casavin and Saja both pointed their wands at the pact; their signatures appeared below the statement, meaning they agreed to carry out the duel.
A magic pact was an oath from a wizard to the God of Fate, written in mind power; whoever signed it must fulfil the agreement in it. It was a critical thing for a wizard to sign a magic pact because there was no way to break it — the violator would sacrifice his soul and thus die, or become a soul-slave of the beneficiary party in the pact, if there was one. In this case, there was no beneficiary party between Casavin and Saja because the pact was just to promise that they would have a match on this day; it didn’t matter who was the winner. However, if either side refused to have the match or decided to postpone it, the immediate cost would be his life. Hence, because of the seriousness of a magic pact, when wizards made promises or pledges to each other, they always signed a pact so the deal became absolutely trustworthy.
‘Why are you doing this? You heard us, Casavin set a trap for Saja!’ Seeing that Sandoray was watching this happen without emotion, Robert was anxious for his friend. ‘Why did you allow this to happen?’ 
‘Because you boys are supposed to be righteous wizards, not cowards that only dare to bully the weak.’ Sandoray stared at Robert, expressionless. ‘It’s degrading to your position as a wizard if you look for trouble in the beginning, but quit later out of fear.’ 
‘They are just kids, Sandoray. Kids make mistakes, and you should give them a break.’ Overhearing this, another teacher named Thomas had come by. ‘Improvement in your Water magic has also given you a frozen heart. I’m a bit worried about you now.’ 
‘I did offer that boy a chance to quit if he admitted his cowardice, but he’s so peacockish to actually sign the pact. That’s not merely a mistake, that’s a big blunder,’ Sandoray answered coldly. ‘These kids need to learn that unless they are completely sure about something, do not ever sign a magic pact. Once a pact is signed, they are bound to it and have to fulfil it no matter what; even if it’s unfair or has traps in the first place.’ 
‘But Saja may get hurt,’ Thomas frowned. ‘And we are here for the purpose of protecting the students.’ 
‘I’m protecting him from getting killed in the future by letting him get hurt a bit now,’ Sandoray answered. ‘Since when did you become such a pacifist?’ 
Thomas went quiet. He had to agree that Sandoray was actually right about this. Hopefully the students would learn a vivid lesson from this. 
‘Boy, you’d better try your best.’ Casavin was already on the stage. ‘Don’t make it too easy for me.’ 
‘Show me what you’ve got.’ Saja stepped forward, knowing that the magic pact had to be fulfilled and there was no way back. The crowd was cheering for both sides, although few people thought Saja could win — it was commonly known that in the same lineage, a lower grade basically meant losing in a fair one-on-one. 
‘Why don’t you take the first move, as usual?’ Casavin said. It was an unwritten rule that the side with the lower grade would have the attacking privilege, as a courtesy. 
Saja didn’t speak, but held his magic wand in his hand and started an incantation of Fire magic. He then pointed his wand with his right hand and a simple firebolt shot rapidly towards Casavin. 
A firebolt, as one of the simplest spells in Fire, was frequently used to test the power of a rival at the beginning of a fight between junior wizards. Especially, Saja knew Casavin’s power was higher than his, so he had to be cautious. 
As a Fire wizard, Casavin could certainly tell that the incantation was a firebolt, so he didn’t even use magic to defend himself, but just moved his body sideways to dodge it. Seeing Casavin’s obvious contempt, Saja felt insulted and began another incantation. Casavin recognized that Saja was summoning a much more powerful spell this time, so he became serious and started an incantation of his own. 
The incantation didn’t take long. Saja swung his magic wand and sent a blast of flame rolling towards Casavin — it was a flamerush, a spell ranked as Grade 4 in the institute. As the flamerush was driving through the air, a large ring of fire appeared around Casavin, with him located in the centre. The firering and flamerush collided with each other and vanished, because they were of equal power. 
Seeing that Casavin and Saja had a tied round, the crowd cheered enthusiastically. Shortly after, Saja finished the preparation of his next attack, casting a number of firebolts in succession at Casavin. Casavin had not finished his incantation yet because it was more complicated, so he had to dodge erratically left and right. However, Saja’s firebolt wave was more intense than Casavin had anticipated and his incantation was almost cut off while he was dodging. 
Seeing how Casavin suffered in the fight, the audience were amazed at Saja’s performance and all began to cheer. At the same time, Saja’s next incantation was already underway as Casavin finally finished a Grade-5 spell — double firering. One firering emerged around Saja, encircling him around the middle, while the other one surrounded Casavin as protection. Having finished this, Casavin sniggered. ‘Not bad, boy. But now you are trapped; once I tighten up the firering you are done! So yield now!’ 
Although encircled by the firering, Saja didn’t seem to care about Casavin’s warning. He speedily finished his third incantation and swung his wand — flamerush again, but more powerful than the last time. The flames caused Casavin’s defensive ring to vanish and, although it became weaker, it still dashed towards Casavin. Casavin was caught off guard and had to roll over on the floor to dodge it. However, he didn’t make it; his left arm got burned and black smoke billowed upward. 
‘Ahh!’ Casavin couldn’t hold back his cry of pain. A Grade-4 spell was no joke; it could certainly hurt, even be fatal if taken full on.
‘Great job, Saja!’ Robert instantly led the cheering and part of the crowd joined in, while the other part was screaming at the burn. Casavin was enraged by the sharp pain. Seeing that Saja was still preparing for his next spell, Casavin tightened the firering surrounding Saja. Seeing that the flames would soon swallow him up, the crowd began screaming again. 
Just as the raging flames overwhelmed Saja, there was a sizzling sound followed by a large cloud of vapour. The firering had vanished thereafter — it seemed like a Water spell! 
‘Water-shield? No way!’ All were surprised, including Casavin, but he quickly realised what had happened. ‘Damn it, it must be his magigear!’ Just as Casavin was about to cast another spell, a firering appeared around him. 
‘I’m sorry, Casavin, the magic pact didn’t forbid the use of magigears.’ Saja stepped out of the vapour and was not injured at all. ‘Yes, I relied on my Nymph’s Guard, but I beat you, after all.’ Everyone suddenly noticed that Saja was wearing a silver necklace of some sort — the magigear that had cast the water-shield. 
‘Nymph’s Guard! That’s the name of the necklace?’ In the crowd, Dileys’ eyes were shining. The necklace looked beautiful, and it was an actual magigear that could cast spells. Soarame was also pretty taken by the necklace and whispered with his friends about it. 
‘Humph, I was wondering when you became a glorious Water!’ Casavin mocked. ‘But of course, it’s only a trick after all.’ 
‘Water beats Fire in this case, so I don’t see your point.’ Saja was tired, but couldn’t help feeling cheerful because he was winning. ‘Plus, you started the tricks — remember our grade difference?’ 
‘Water beat Fire?’ Casavin laughed. ‘Give it a hundred years, newbie. I’ll show you what real Fire magic is like!’ With that, Casavin stamped his foot and suddenly a circle of flame emerged and extinguished the firering Saja had put around him. 
This time it was Saja who was surprised. ‘What’s that?’ 
‘Something you don’t know, obviously.’ Casavin was not happy that he had not managed to beat Saja as he had expected. ‘Thanks for driving me mad!’ With no intention of answering Saja’s question, Casavin started his next incantation right away. 
Saja clenched his teeth and prepared for a final strike. In the meantime, the crowd was amazed by the appearance of Casavin’s boots; even Thomas was staring at them and assessing them with Sandoray. 
‘You are right; the boots do look like Trampling of Feriathan,’ Sandoray said to Thomas. ‘But imitations of low quality.’ 
‘Which is still surprising, don’t you think?’ Thomas sighed. ‘These kids are just Grade 4 or 5, yet already they have magigears like that.’ 
‘They are spoiled and don’t even understand the rareness of magigears.’ Sandoray was not impressed. ‘Magigears are to save lives at the last minute, yet they use them in a show.’ 
‘It’s the age of peace nowadays, my lady.’ Thomas didn’t quite agree with Sandoray. ‘What you say was right once, but it’s a heritage from the Great Libral’s age.’ 
While the crowd was whispering, like Sandoray and Thomas, Casavin was trying desperately to chant the incantation; drops of sweat began to emerge on his forehead. Saja was also struggling; his face turned paler and paler, as he was exhausting all that he had. 
‘What is Casavin chanting this time?’ In the crowd, many began to wonder, but no one seemed to know. On the contrary, everyone could tell that Saja was chanting the same incantation once again — it was another flamerush. 
‘Does Saja only know flamerush?’ Jemario whispered to Soarame. ‘He’s been doing that all along. Casavin will win then.’ 
‘No, it’s hard to tell yet,’ Soarame whispered back. With his eyes widely open, Soarame saw plenty of Fire elements aggregating rapidly around both Casavin’s and Saja’s wands. The power was pretty much equal, so it was really hard to predict the result of this ferocious battle. 
Saja finally finished his last try, with his body shaking out of exhaustion. Knowing that Casavin would spare no efforts, Saja dared not waste time and swung his wand right away —
Hoo-chee! A huge flame roared out, searing and rushing at Casavin. This time it was far more than an ordinary flamerush; it was almost twice the normal size — a super flamerush! This final strike exhausted all of Saja’s remaining power. Seeing the huge flame make its way over to Casavin, the crowd gave a collective cry — if it caught Casavin, it could burn him to ash! 
‘Eat it, firefairy!’ Casavin roared. At the last second, the Fire elements that Casavin had summoned rapidly aggregated in front of him and formed into a human figure — Casavin had finished his final spell too. 
‘A baby firefairy?’ Sandoray was about to go to Casavin’s rescue, but stopped upon seeing this. ‘Not every Grade-5 can summon a fairy, even a baby one… Casavin is actually not bad.’ 
‘Wooo —’ The baby fairy stood up, with a weird roaring sound from its mouth. As the roar went on, the super flamerush was weakened rapidly and finally sucked into the mouth of the fairy. 
‘What?!’ Saja’s eyes widened; he couldn’t believe what had just happened. The upgraded flamerush was his masterstroke, how could the baby-sized fairy swallow it just like that? 
By absorbing Saja’s flamerush, the baby fairy actually grew bigger. The entire scene had frightened the crowd, as they fear that the fairy could swallow people just like it had swallowed the flamerush. However, the fairy didn’t make a move; it stood still, with the fire quavering on its body. The crowd soon realized that it was not alive but was just a spell like the others, only in human shape. 
Witnessing the sudden change in the situation and Casavin’s obvious victory after all, the crowd gave their warmest applause. Saja’s only option for the challenge was to yield, but Casavin wasn’t pleased at all. He looked first at Saja, then at his fairy, and didn’t know whether he should feel proud of his masterwork or upset that the match was much harder than he expected. 
Soarame and the girls were also surprised and excited to see the entire battle. Soarame was actually thinking about another question: the power of the magic elements summoned by Casavin and Saja were pretty much equal, so why did Casavin beat Saja?
‘Congratulations, Casavin.’ Sandoray stepped into the arena and raised the magic pact parchment. The parchment suddenly started burning and completely vanished from sight, meaning the pact was fulfilled and both parties were released from it. After thunderous cheering for the winner, the crowd stepped forward and circled the firefairy for a closer look. 
‘Casavin, the competition is over, so how will you deal with your fairy?’ Sandoray asked. ‘You are not allowed to take it out of the arena.’ 
‘I actually had a plan.’ Hearing Sandoray’ question, Casavin raised his head. ‘I’d like to challenge you with the help of the fairy, ma’am!’ 
‘What?’ 
‘Really?’ 
Hearing Casavin, the students were dumbfounded. Challenging a teacher? What a whimsical idea. It might not be the first time that a Libral student had ever challenged a teacher, but it was definitely a rare thing to see. The crowd stepped back from the stage and looked at Casavin and Sandoray. Soon enough, whispers sounded everywhere — 
‘I got it, Sandoray is a Water wizard!’ 
‘Oh! No wonder Casavin dares! Plus, he already has the firefairy ready!’ 
‘And thanks to Saja, the fairy actually became stronger than what he can manage to summon!’ 
Casavin heard the comments from the crowd and sneered. The crowd was right; this was exactly why he wanted to gamble. Now, the question was whether or not Sandoray was willing to take this unfair match; because once she did, Casavin could just let the fairy immediately charge at her with the glowing flame — in that case, the match sort of became Sandoray vs. Casavin plus Saja. Plus, Sandoray wouldn’t even have a chance to prepare her spell. 
Everyone figured out Casavin’s plan and they were waiting for Sandoray’s call — she seemed to be pondering and looked worried. Seeing this, the students were convinced that she felt threatened by the fairy and was not confident about this challenge. The atmosphere therefore became a bit embarrassing for Sandoray. The arena grew quiet, no one talked; only some faint breathing could be heard, and the hoo hoo sound of the burning flames on the firefairy. 
‘Casavin, you were exhausted in the last challenge, so it’s an unfair challenge for you. Besides, the fairy is too weak; I wouldn’t rely on it if I were you.’ After a few seconds, Sandoray said. ‘Are you sure you want to challenge me?’ 
‘What?’ The crowd began whispering again. ‘Sandoray actually said that? Unfair to Casavin?’ 
‘Ma’am, feel free to destroy it if you think it’s too weak.’ Casavin raised his eyebrow upon hearing this. ‘Now that it’s summoned, it’s a shame not to make full use of it.’ 
Hearing that, Sandoray nodded. ‘Fair enough. Go ahead once you are ready, then.’ 
‘OK… then can I attack now?’ Seeing Sandoray standing there totally unprepared, Casavin was feeling insulted and ready to show the lady some colours. 
‘Yes, go ahead or you won’t have a chance later.’ Sandoray didn’t sound as if she cared at all. 
‘OK, watch out then!’ Casavin waved his wand and the firefairy charged at Sandoray. Sandoray simply raised her index finger and made a swinging motion, without chanting an incantation or even holding a magic wand. 
In the next second, a bunch of long, thick ice arrows came out of nowhere, piercing the air and dashing towards the fairy, whishing. 
‘Ahh!’ Casavin was knocked over before he had a chance to react; he didn’t even know what had happened. Part of the crowd, however, was lucky enough to catch the sparkling view — the ice arrows pierced through the body of the firefairy in a blink and smashed into Casavin. In the next blink, Casavin was lying on the floor and Sandoray was just standing there watching; she didn’t even bother to follow up. 
The whole crowd was in complete silence, with their mouths wide open. After lying on the floor moaning for a few seconds, Casavin tried hard to beat the killing pain all over his body; he felt that he might have some broken bones. After pulling his upper body off the ground, Casavin was astonished — his firefairy had shrunk to a quarter of its original size. The only explanation was that the ice arrows had extinguished most of it during the momentary contact. 
‘What was that!’ Soarame would never have believed it had he not witnessed the whole thing with his own eyes. But then he recalled what his master had said before — 
‘Among different lineages of magic, there’s no such thing as “stronger lineage” or “weaker lineage”; it’s all up to wizards’ power.’
‘Different lineages have pros and cons, and they may counter one another in some cases, but no one is more powerful than another.’
‘For those that naturally counter each other, such as Water vs. Fire or Light vs. Darkness, the one with greater power wins every time. So it all depends on the individual’s power!’ 
‘Casavin, you are blindly confident in Fire.’ Sandoray was inscrutable, as always. ‘I’ve seen lots of students like yourself; you didn’t get the big picture. There has never been such a thing as stronger or weaker lineage. Water magic is less powerful for attacking purposes only for Novices and Adepts, but not for an Expert.’ 
All were silent, witnessing the scary power of this beautiful yet cold lady. If not having seen it with their own eyes, no one would believe this. 
 ‘As a student, being able to summon a fairy is impressive.’ Sandoray continued. ‘But in front of any teacher in the Institute of Libral, it’s just too weak.’ With that, Sandoray swung her hand; a blast of freezing air poured out from her palm and covered the little fairy. After a fierce sizzling, the fairy simply vanished. 
After that, for the first time Sandoray chanted some incantations, and a warm spray of mist covered Casavin. Casavin felt a gentle and refreshing wave flow down his body, after which all the burns and bruises started to heal.
Coming back to his senses, Casavin slowly got up and made sure he’d recovered. He had to admit that he was totally defeated. ‘Ma’am, how could you summon that many ice arrows in a blink? Is it your magigear?’ 
‘As a Grade-5, haven’t you heard about insta-cast?’ Sandoray asked in reply. 
Hearing Sandoray, many students were enlightened. Performing magic instantaneously, aka insta-cast, was one of the criteria for becoming an Expert wizard. Any Expert was able to insta-cast spells that were relatively simple to them without incantations, wands, or drawing magic hexagrams. Therefore, there were huge differences between an Expert and an Adept, and this insta-cast ability was just one of them. 
‘As a teacher in Water, I especially want to tell Water students about this. I know many students doubt the power of Water magic, but that’s only because they haven’t got to see the real world beyond the campus.’ Sandoray looked around. ‘A Master of Water can summon thousands of ice arrows with a single hand swing! That spell is well accepted to be one of the scariest spells, called purgatory storm!’ 
Upon Sandoray’ words, the Water students burst out cheering. Although Soarame had known most of this from his master, he still couldn’t help feeling proud. The doubts in his heart, raised by Casavin against Water magic, were totally gone. Now, Soarame truly wanted to learn Water magic! 
As the challenges finished, the students spread out, leaving the arena and talking about what had happened along the way. The Water students, however, didn’t leave but instead chose to have a party, because they had never been as excited as they were on this day. 
Soarame joined them as one of the proud Waters, but he wanted to use the restroom first. Just when he turned around, he found his arm grabbed by someone from behind. 
‘Hey you, where are you going?’ The voice was clear and sweet, with a hint of mischief. Upon hearing it, Soarame knew exactly who it was. Turning back, Soarame found Jemario tugging his arm and smiling. Jemario’s glossy and slender fingers slid along Soarame’s arm, making him feel good for no reason he could understand. The consequence was that Soarame meant to say something, but found his mind sliding away; he just stood there and stared at Jemario with his mouth half-open. 
Subconsciously, Soarame watched Jemario in detail: graceful lavender hair fell in waves around her exquisite cheeks, limpid watery eyes shone through her elegant lashes. Under the golden afterglow of the evening, Jemario’s lavender dress clung delicately to her slender, fairy body. Everything about her seemed so perfect, making Soarame lose his mind, unable to do anything but keep staring in silence. 
Under Soarame’s stare, Jemario felt a little bit shy and made a soft ‘emm’. Soarame suddenly came to his senses, his cheeks flushed. ‘Sorry Jemario, that… err… that wasn’t on purpose.’ 
‘It’s ok, don't worry.’ Jemario was amused to see Soarame’s reaction. 
‘I need to use the restroom… I’ll be back in a minute.’ Soarame noticed someone in the crowd was actually sniggering, so he hurried off towards the exit of the arena. 
‘Hey, the restroom is the other way!’ Jemario tried to remind Soarame, but he was already gone. 
‘Oh god!’ Soarame ran for a while and finally stopped, still unsure of the best thing to do. 
Should I just leave like this? Should I go back? If I go back to Jemario, what should I say? Soarame pondered for quite a while, but still didn’t get it. While Soarame was immersed in his inner disturbance, he felt his sleeve grasped by a hand again. 
‘Hey you, where are you going?’ 
What? Really? Soarame couldn’t help breathing heavily. Jemario actually followed me here? 
However, the second that Soarame turned around, his heart instantly sank. He was so disturbed that he had not even realised the voice was a boy’s. 
‘What are you looking at?’ The male student was not happy with Soarame’s response to him — actually, there was no response. Soarame pulled himself together and looked at the boy, who was nearly a head taller than he was. ‘Robert?’ 
Ever since earlier at Aquamarine Sky, Robert had been paying attention to Soarame. That was when everything had started — until the duel challenge was done and Casavin beat Saja, and Sandoray taught everyone a lesson. But all the while, Robert never forgot to watch Soarame from a distance. After the party started, and with Soarame being so close to Jemario, Robert thought he wouldn’t have the chance, but he was overjoyed to see Soarame leave the arena alone. 
‘Yes, Water Boy. It’s me,’ Robert sneered. ‘Where are the girls? They ditched you?’ 
Soarame was not too stupid to figure out what was going on here, so he tried to walk past Robert and ignore him. However, Robert leaned over and nudged Soarame’s chest with his shoulder. 
‘How dare you!’ Soarame was offended. ‘What do you want?’ 
‘You don’t turn your back on me, Water.’ Robert grabbed Soarame’s shoulder and kept challenging him. 
‘I just did. What can you do?’ Soarame felt his temper flare. Ever since he’d started learning magic back at home, his master had banned him from using magic against the schoolboys in the town and even asked him to avoid confrontation. Soarame used to be bothered about that; now that Robert’s challenge felt like the old days, Soarame would not tolerate it again.
‘What can I do?’ Robert sneered. He pulled out his magic wand. ‘I want to make friends just like Casavin did! Do you dare to duel, Water?’ 
‘Soarame! There you are!’ Before Soarame could say anything, a silvery voice rang through the air. ‘What are you doing here?’ 
‘Vivarin?’ Soarame was surprised to see that Vivarin was leading a bunch of girls towards him. ‘What are you doing here?’ 
‘Well, anything other than going to the restroom, apparently.’ Vivarin teased Soarame, taking a glance at Robert. ‘Is there a problem here?’ 
Robert was embarrassed, but before he figured out what to do, Soarame answered. ‘No, we were just talking. I will be back in a minute.’ 
‘No, it doesn’t work that way.’ Vivarin blocked Soarame. ‘Someone just said he’d be back in a minute, but now it seems he’s ditched his friends and is keeping them waiting.’ 
‘Err… sorry!’ Soarame scratched his head. ‘OK, then. Let’s go.’ Soarame stared at Robert and walked towards Vivarin. 
‘Really, Water Boy?’ Robert was very unhappy to see Soarame walk away like this. ‘I thought you were about to duel, but you’re going to let the girls call the shots for you?’ 
‘Are you serious?’ Before Soarame could react, Vivarin cut it. ‘As a Grade 4, you challenge a freshman for a duel? Why don’t you go after Casavin? Your friend just got his butt kicked, thanks to you!’ 
‘Shut up, this is none of your business!’ Robert was upset because Vivarin had poked right at his sensitive point — the girl was right, that he was indeed the instigator of everything that had happened today. 
‘Don’t you talk to my friend like that,’ Soarame said coldly as he stared at Robert. ‘You saw Casavin lose badly, and you still have problems with Water?’ 
‘Oh wait, I never said I had a problem with Water.’ Robert was clever enough not to break the rules of the school. ‘Now that Water is so great, why don’t we have a duel?’ 
‘You got it.’ Soarame glared at Robert. ‘We will have a duel when I reach Grade 4 in Water.’ Although Soarame had promised to keep his Wind magic secret, he so wanted to teach this Robert a lesson.
‘Soarame, that’s nonsense!’ Vivarin exclaimed. Although Vivarin had witnessed Casavin’s loss, she did not think Water could beat Fire at a low level. 
‘Ha ha, nice try. I’m impressed,’ Robert laughed. ‘It will be long after I graduated by the time you reach Grade 4!’ 
‘No, you won’t.’ Soarame was very confident that he could reach Grade 4 in Water soon, because his mind ocean was already at Grade 4, enabling him to cast Grade 4 Water spells once he learnt them. It was actually the reason why Casavin had achieved Grade 5 in fire quicker than people expected — his mind ocean was Grade 5 thanks to his practice in Earth, so all he needed to do was to familiarise himself with Fire spells. 
‘Oh really?’ Robert sneered. ‘If you are sure about it, why don’t we sign a magic pact?’ 
‘No! Don’t you dare sign it, Soarame!’ Vivarin was anxious and burst out in anger. ‘Go away, Robert! I’ll report you to the school for this!’ 
‘I won’t sign any pact with you because you don’t deserve it.’ Soarame signalled Vivarin to stop and glanced at Robert. ‘But you have my word — you and me, we will have a duel upon either your graduation or my Grade 4, whichever comes first.’ 
‘You got it!’ Robert was excited to hear this. He didn’t expect Soarame to keep his part of the bargain, but this boy was actually stupid enough to do so. 
‘Soarame, what the heck is wrong with you!’ On the way back to the arena, Vivarin kept complaining. ‘I know you are confident and you made it into Stanfaul College, but Water simply is not a match for Fire at Grade 4!’ 
‘Relax, I can handle it.’ Soarame smiled but didn’t explain.
After getting back to the party, the first thing Vivarin did was spread the news to every one of her friends — including Jemario, Dileys, and Catheray. The Water students were all worried and kept trying to think of a solution; the mood of the party was dampened because of this. Soarame felt so sorry for being a party-pooper, but at the same time he was very touched that his Water mates actually cared about him like this. 
Welcome to the Water family! As Soarame recalled the scene at Aquamarine Sky, he thought that this really felt like a family. The boy had to admit that he was starting to feel that he belonged here, and he couldn’t wait for tomorrow to come — it was his dorm flight day!

THE UNIQUE WIZARD


‘Pung-pung.’ 
The next morning, Soarame opened the door to see four Water girls, led by Dileys. ‘Soarame, thanks for inviting us!’ 
‘You’re welcome.’ Soarame let the girls in. It was the dorm-flight day; each freshman was allowed to have a maximum of four guests enjoy the flight with him, so Soarame had invited Dileys, Jemario, Vivarin and Catheray.
‘Chelonad, we are ready, please take us away!’
‘Hmm… Soarame, you make friends quickly.’ Chelonad’s voice sounded. ‘OK, enjoy your flight.’
‘Yeah!’ As the crew cheered, the cell began to shake a little then floated up steadily. Everyone inside the cell could feel that they were rising and saw from the window that the ground was falling away from them below.
The five of them talked, cheered and enjoyed the mild breeze coming from the windows. The cell was square and had two windows in the wall — usually four cells would be assembled to become the second floor of a dorm building, leaving the window walls as the exterior of the building, so that the other two walls would be interior.
‘This is incredible!’ Soarame marvelled and everyone agreed; but the girls didn’t really understand Soarame’s meaning — in Soarame’s special vision, the cell suddenly started glowing green when the flight started. But this was not as the boy had expected, because he had supposed that it was the Wind magic that made the cell fly; yet Wind elements were grey, so his eyes were telling him otherwise.
Energy of Life? Soarame was astonished as he recalled his master’s words on the trip days ago. The room itself is a magigear?
Because Soarame had promised his master that he would keep his special eyes top secret, he could not share this discovery with his friends. Unbelievable! No matter how much Soarame was dying to shout, he had to keep his voice in his heart. The girls noticed Soarame’s wide eyes and flushed face; they chuckled and told Soarame to relax. But Soarame ignored them; he put both of his hands on the wall, trying to secretly feel the Energy of Life within it.
The entire room as a magigear? Soarame seemed to be looking outwards and enjoying the view, but he was actually concentrating hard on the feeling from the wall. Whoever made this happen must be a genius! Is it Chelonad?
No one could answer Soarame, of course. In order to keep his special eyes secret, Soarame decided not to ask anyone, Chelonad included. The magic world was truly miraculous though, and Soarame couldn’t be more eager to level up and became capable of exploring the truth behind it.
‘Soarame, what are you staring at for this long?’ Vivarin patted Soarame’s shoulder and startled him out of his thoughts. ‘Wow, you are really immersed! What are you thinking?’
‘There must be some pretty girl down there who he’s peeking at,’ Catheray teased. ‘Tell us which one?’
‘No, no way.’ Soarame blushed, and glanced at Jemario subconsciously. This sneaky action didn’t escape the girls’ attention; they all looked at Jemario, winking and chuckling.
Jemario blushed too as a consequence. She had to change the subject right away. ‘Look, that’s the lake! My favourite part of campus!’
The flight was really nice; the friends enjoyed themselves so much looking over a large part of the campus, even the town zone far ahead. There were many hills, lakes, lawns and sportsgrounds that looked beautiful, as well as the seven different departments that were of completely different styles — dear lord, they are just gorgeous. Besides those, they saw dorm areas here and there — they belonged to different colleges, and the girls recognized their dorms one after another, thus there was screaming all around.
‘Hi!’ The friends waved at students down below, and they waved back in excitement. This meant the trip was about to end though, because the cell was approaching the Stanfaul dorm area and was coming in to land.
‘Welcome!’ The students down there knew that there was another Stanfaul freshman in the cell above, although they were not sure which one.
‘We are about to land! How do you like it, Soarame?’ Dileys asked.
‘It’s amazing.’ Soarame looked at the wall once again.
‘There’s more amazing things ahead!’ Jemario cut in. ‘See that house there? I bet that’s where we’re landing.’
‘Oh yes, it seems everyone is waiting for us.’ Vivarin said. There was a group of students surrounding a house not too far away — it was the lower part of a complete house — with its first floor a square shape but the roof wide open. Soarame could see the furniture and everything from the air. Beside the house there were three cells that looked similar to Soarame’s; the doors on the cells were open, so the group must be from those cells.
‘Look, he’s here, finally!’ Just then, a loud voice sounded from somewhere among the students. Although there was still quite a distance to go, the voice was already clear enough to Soarame. The next second, a chubby boy walked out from the crowd, followed by two others.
‘Hey man!’ the chubby boy shouted really loudly as Soarame’s cell floated closer.
‘Hey guys, how are you?’ To the applause and cheering from the crowd, Soarame’s cell landed beside the house. Soarame was suddenly shy, but he had to go out in front because he was the focus right then. ‘My name is Soarame, nice to meet you all!’
‘Soarame, it’s good to meet you! My name is Kardiac, your roommate.’ The chubby boy with golden hair immediately came up and blinked at Soarame. ‘All girls, really? You are the man!’
‘Err…’ Soarame blushed and everyone was chuckling. 
‘My name is Halgon, nice to meet you all.’ A boy with square features came up from behind Kardiac. He had bright, piercing eyes, bushy eyebrows, and healthy tanned skin, looking quite masculine and rough compared to Soarame’s white, delicate appearance. 
‘Omifo.’ The last roommate was a handsome boy in fashionable dress, looking gentle and quiet. After everyone had introduced themselves, the students quickly got to know each other, especially the four roommates. Four freshmen brought sixteen guests, which made a good size for a house-warming party — the school deliberately made this happen to develop the students’ social life from the very beginning of their school life.
‘Soarame, if you are from Corrugon Peninsula, it must be easy for you to come here,’ Omifo said. ‘You are practically local people.’
‘Not exactly, I travelled in a carriage for a whole month!’ Soarame couldn’t help sighing, as he was reminded that Filton must be still on his way back.
‘Only a month and you are complaining?’ Halgon shook his head. ‘Do you know how long it took me to get here? Eight months — that’s more than half a year!’
‘Are you kidding me?’ Soarame was surprised. ‘Halgon, where’re you from?’
‘Moniton Empire, Knighton Continent,’ Halgon said. ‘Between Knighton and Thundeross, there’s the Azure Ocean. My family hired a mercenary force to help with the travel. First, we reached the closest point between the two Continents, then crossed the Ocean, and finally arrived here.’
‘Halgon, eight months is not too bad. I took more than one year!’ Said Kardiac. ‘I was just a kid when I started travelling.’
‘You still are.’ Catheray came over and cut in. ‘Oops, I just overheard it, didn’t mean to spy on you, sorry.’
‘Well, apologies accepted, as long as you tell me how old you are.’ Kardiac blinked at Catheray. ‘I’m a kid? I’m thirteen! I bet you are younger.’
‘You wish, I’m not telling you my age,’ Catheray chuckled. She knew that Kardiac was right, though — their grades here did not reflect their ages. In fact, Catheray had just reached thirteen, but she came to school early and became a Grade 3. Among Dileys’ best friends, there was an age span from Jemario at twelve to Vivarin at fourteen. The only one in Grade 4 was Dileys, who was also fourteen. Similarly, Soarame’s roommates were all about the same age.
‘Guys, shall we call Chelonad now? The house is still not assembled yet,’ suggested Vivarin, running over.
‘OK, guys, you ready for the new house?’ Chelonad’s voice sounded soon enough. ‘You can go into the house or the cells and watch from inside, if you want.’
Everyone picked their preferred spot and got ready to witness the due assembly. Soarame and his roommates ran back into their cells, and most of the guests got into the ground floor of the house. The boys picked their favourite corners for their cells, and Chelonad flew the cells up again and allocated them accordingly on the first floor; the cells then became bedrooms of the house. Soarame opened his bedroom door and found himself next door to Kardiac and opposite Halgon — on the other side of a gap. Looking downwards, Soarame saw their guests spread out on the ground floor and looking up at them.
‘Now what?’ Soarame asked. ‘How do we get down there?’
Right after the question, Soarame found his bedroom slightly shaking and green light — that only he could see — glowed out of the walls. The floor then began to stretch out and connected to Halgon’s stretching floor, and thus filled up the gap in between. The boys then walked out of their bedrooms and into the corridor; Soarame carefully jumped up and down and stamped hard on the floor, to confirm that it was strong enough to hold them. At the same time, they saw the ceiling of the house forming too — the roof of their bedrooms stretched out and attached themselves to form the ceiling of the entire house, so the house became dark after that. Soarame touched the magic symbol on the wall, so that the ceiling lit up and the house became bright again.
‘This is awesome!’ Kardiac marvelled. ‘We actually built the first floor just like that!’
The next second, Soarame’s and Kardiac’s bedrooms split from each other, and a gap emerged in between; the edge of the corridor by the gap began to extend downwards, forming a staircase to the ground floor. The boys went down the staircase and saw their friends waiting in the living room, all cheering. ‘Welcome to Libral!’
‘Wow!’ The four freshmen boys were excited. ‘So the house can actually change shape?’
‘Not only that. Your bedrooms can move around once a year, if you want to swap positions later,’ another student explained. ‘And if any of you grade up, you can choose to upgrade the style of the house. For example, you can choose to add a fireplace in the living room wall — that’s a popular option.’
‘You can change the exterior, too,’ Jemario followed up. ‘Remember the dorms we saw during the flight? They all look different because most of them have been upgraded.’ 
‘We can even change the dorm to be round?’ Omifo asked. ‘I saw some round ones during the flight.’
‘Yes you can, but you don’t want to,’ another student chuckled. ‘My friends did that, and they regret it, because a round shape doesn’t really work that well for rooms. And changing shapes is a major upgrade, so they cannot change it back until they all grade up one more time.’
‘That’s sad.’ Soarame was amused. ‘We’ve only got five more grades for each of us, which means we can only upgrade the house twenty times. And if we go for a major upgrade it will be even less, right?’
‘Twenty times is a lot,’ Vivarin cut in. ‘Also, if you win prizes from the school, that sometimes gives you extra chances.’
The house-warming party went on for the rest of the day and the guests did not leave until late evening. After the guests had gone and the roommates had all gone to bed, Soarame could finally do something that he hadn’t had a chance to do during the day. Putting his hands on the wall, Soarame tried to focus and feel the Energy of Life rippling inside the wall. As his master once mentioned on the trip, the Energy of Life did not belong to the seven magic elements; however it was still a type of magic energy and Soarame’s special eyes could see it, which meant Soarame might be able to do something with it. Soarame thus decided to give it a try.
It really is the Energy of Life. Soarame took the necklace out and compared it with the wall, finding the feeling of the energy and its green colour the same. But how’s that possible? There are so many dorm houses on campus, and Chelonad is the owner of all of them, as Epic magigears? That kind of makes sense, because he’s the security guy… 
Soarame had noticed that, during the flight and assembly of the house, the Energy of Life in the house had strengthened a lot — the green colour was much more obvious all over. As a comparison, right now it could hardly be noticed, even by Soarame. If not for the flight, Soarame would not have realised this secret that was obviously unknown to everybody else. It seemed to Soarame that the house was “hibernating” most of the time, but could “wake up” for flying, shape-changing, and so on. Soarame marvelled and pondered on this for quite a while, but still could not understand it. He tried to communicate with the energy over and over again in different ways, but all the attempts failed, no matter how hard he concentrated. Feeling a bit frustrated, Soarame realized that it might not be possible to summon this special kind of energy in the same way as the magic elements, so he finally had to give up.
It’s ok. I’m living here from now on, so no rush. Soarame comforted himself and pressed the magic symbol beside the bed. The ceiling light switched off and Soarame took a deep breath, falling almost instantly asleep.

The next day was a bit quiet compared to the day before. The only event for this day was in the evening — the Dean of each college would personally welcome the freshmen and hold an event for them. 
So, after dinner, Soarame and his roommates arrived at Stanfaul Hall. There were already quite a few students there, both old and new, in smart suits, standing around and chatting. Soarame’s crew didn’t know anyone here yet, but the old students were all very warm-hearted and out-going; they came up to talk to the freshmen to make them feel comfortable. Soon enough, Soarame got to know quite a few new faces and made friends.
‘Soarame, someone is waiting for you outside. He said his name is Casavin.’ Just then, a student came by and delivered a message. ‘He’s from another college, so he can’t come in here.’
‘You are popular!’ Omifo patted Soarame’s shoulder. ‘The school hasn’t really started yet, but you already have so many friends from other colleges?’
‘Yeah! Especially yesterday, all pretty girls!’ Kardiac winked at Soarame.
‘No, this one is a troublemaker, not a friend.’ Soarame wondered why Casavin had come for him, but he still stood up and walked towards the door.
‘Wait. A troublemaker?’ Kardiac stood up too. ‘We will go together, then.’
‘No, don’t worry, I’ll be back in a minute.’ Soarame was surprised and happy about Kardiac’s sense of their brotherhood.
‘Are you sure?’ asked Halgon. ‘We will go check it out if you don’t come back soon.’
‘Alright, thanks!’ Soarame felt reassured and walked towards the door with confidence.
‘Soarame, I’m here to apologise! I’m sorry, ok?’ The second Soarame got out of the dining hall, Casavin’s words surged into his ears out of nowhere. Before Soarame could even see him clearly, Casavin had already turned and walked away, leaving a puzzled Soarame rooted to the spot.
‘Dean O’heven sent him to apologise.’ Another voice sounded behind him. ‘Soarame, I must say you surprised me.’
‘Rodka?’ Soarame turned around and was surprised to see Rodka standing there. 
‘Remember the other day at the college application?’ Rodka walked over. ‘I went after Casavin after I left you guys, but it’s so hard to get an apology from him, even for me. However, you just made it happen.’
‘I did?’ Soarame puzzled. ‘How?’
‘By what you did the other day in the interview.’ Rodka smiled. ‘You’ve been keeping yourself busy, huh? I heard you even took the challenge from Robert.’
‘How do you know all this?’ Soarame was surprised.
‘People talk,’ Rodka smiled. ‘The school hasn’t started but you’re already famous.’
‘No way.’ Soarame wasn’t sure if this is a good thing. ‘How do you know about the interview, anyway? Plus, I didn’t mention Casavin’s name in there.’
‘I know, our Dean told me. But locating Casavin is not hard for Dean O’heven.’ Rodka patted Soarame’s shoulder. ‘Oops, the event is starting, let’s go.’
‘You are familiar with the Deans?’ Soarame was surprised but didn’t have time to ask, because in the hall Dean Romboton was already stepping onto the stage and about to host the event.
‘Everyone, attention please.’ The Dean’s voice sounded from the stage. ‘Tonight is the welcoming night for the new students. Let’s start this with our warmest applause for them!’ 
‘As a tradition, it is my duty and pleasure to introduce the history of Stanfaul College, as a core part of the Institute of Libral, to the new students.’ Hearing the cheering and applause that erupted, Dean Romboton carried on. ‘I believe that everyone has heard it before, but we still do this every year, why? For our honour and for the responsibility we have as wizards!’ Dean Romboton was becoming effusive. ‘We are the glory of mankind; we are the future of the world; we are the guardians of the peace on the six continents!’
Cheering, whistles, and applause peaked, one wave after another, and the Dean seemed satisfied by the atmosphere.
‘Now, let’s go over what has happened in our history — the history that gave birth to wizards, the most outstanding group in all of mankind, and to the Institute of Libral!’
The Dean briefly stated the history of mankind; it was similar to what Scankeen had told Filton years ago, but from a different perspective. Nearly a hundred centuries ago, dragon clans tyrannised and enslaved all other clans, including the humans, who were very weak during that time. This treatment lasted until human beings began to realise the power of magic through coincidences. After that, a number of wizards, whose names were never written down in books, started the liberation war against the dragons for the first time. Unfortunately, their power was too weak, so they lost, after most of them fought gloriously to their deaths. Several surrendered, only to become puppets for the dragons to govern human beings. 
Was it true that those who surrendered really offered their services to dragons? Of course not! The captured wizards, burdened with all kinds of humiliations and responsibilities, kept practising their magic furtively and passing it down to the next generation; this lengthy process went on for hundreds of years. During this time, the magic of human beings continued to advance, and the wizards grew more and more powerful. About three thousand years ago, a talented individual named Stanfaul Libral arose miraculously, and led a group of wizards to slaughter the dragons. The dragons were caught off guard and gathered all their forces to fight Stanfaul and his followers. The war lasted for nearly a century, during which almost all human wizards were killed; but Stanfaul survived and made tremendous efforts in turning the situation around through fighting alone. The war, thus, became a bloody stalemate.
Mysteriously enough, for some reason, the dragons were not able to do anything about Stanfaul. However, Stanfaul had the power to kill dragons, exhausting the dragon clans bit by bit. The King of the dragons therefore had to yield eventually and sign a marvellous magical pact with Stanfaul — all members of the dragon clans had to migrate to one continent, known as “Finaland Continent” back then, but was renamed “Holiness Continent” by the dragons. 
As such, this dark time in human history was finally terminated by the famous Grant Migration, and the new history started thereafter. Stanfaul Libral was crowned the title “Starter of History” because of this, and he founded the Sunrise Alliance to unite wizards to maintain the peace. He also created the Institute of Libral to pass on magic for the future.
The morale boosting from Dean Romboton was very successful. Even though Soarame had heard all of it from his master, with even more details, when he heard it again here and saw the fanatical students around him, the sense of glory in his heart was aroused like wildfire. 
The event ended quite late; the students, old and new, had enough time to make friends with each other. Getting to know the students in Stanfaul College, Soarame was impressed again and again that everyone was highly talented, including all of his roommates. Kardiac had high gifts in both Fire and Wind; Omifo mainly practised Light with a superior gift, but could also practise Earth; Halgon was similar to Kardiac, with high gifts in Earth and Darkness. With all that said, they were just normal students in Stanfaul College, like everyone else. The top talents, such as Rodka, were even more gifted. Soarame was now strongly convinced that Stanfaul College was the most powerful one in the school; his own magic gifts didn’t really stand out compared to others here.

From that day on, Soarame settled down and became a formal student of the school. The Water department didn’t keep the freshmen idle; a couple of days later, Soarame was walking towards the classroom. The boy was quite excited, because this day he was going to have his first Water lesson.
‘Chelonad, please guide me to the Water department.’ 
‘The tour for freshmen was held just days ago and you have already forgotten the way?’ Chelonad’s voice sounded right away. ‘No wonder Aertiuno likes you.’
‘Thanks… wait, what?’
‘Aertiuno, remember? He’s as good as you are at getting himself lost.’
‘Oh, there’s no way I can compare to him.’
‘Then why was he supporting you in the interview?’
‘You know about the interview too? The Principal said it was a private one, but everyone seems to know about it.’
‘Hold on — I’m not everyone, boy. I know because I’m Chelonad.’
‘Rodka knew about it too, so I guess it’s because he’s Rodka?’
‘Bah, that kid is the Deans’ favourite student, so he’s an exception.’
‘Well, are there any more exceptions?’
‘No, there are not. You don’t believe me, humph?’ 
Hearing Chelonad’s voice, Soarame was picturing his anxious face and sniggering inside. For a second, Soarame really wanted to provoke Chelonad so that he perhaps would show himself, but he decided to try that later. After all, he needed to get to class and he definitely did not want to be late. 
‘Of course I do. Chelonad, please show me the directions,’ Soarame urged.
‘Tell you what, there’s no secret to me on this campus.’ Chelonad was not done yet. ‘Everything is under my surveillance, so I’m not an “everyone”!’
‘Sure, of course not, and I’m sorry, Chelonad!’ Soarame was a little anxious. ‘I believe you. Please show me the way so that I won’t be late for my very first class.’
‘I already highlighted the route to your emblem, take a look at it.’ Chelonad was on Soarame’s side, just for once. ‘Other than the maze by the entrance of the school, the rest of campus is on a map in your emblem. If that’s still not enough, call me and I’ll highlight the route for you, just like this time.’
Soarame took out his emblem and checked it out. The emblem was actually more than just an identifier for students; it was a well-designed magic device that could deliver messages from the school to the students. On one side of the emblem it showed the student’s name and all kinds of basic information, while on the other side it delivered private messages to the owner — the campus map could be shown there too. If one wanted, (s)he could even cast a screen into the air with live scenes and sound from it to share with others. Moreover, by injecting mind power into it, one could establish a mind communication channel to another, allowing them to talk at a distance. However, the consumption of mind power for remote communication, as well as any other function, was not negligible and a student usually couldn’t afford a long conversation thereby. Therefore, the messaging system was always more popular; one could send text messages to another just by injecting mind power, hands-free.
Soarame had already established channels with Dileys and her friends, but he had not used it so far because he wanted to act like a real freshman. So, Mr. Freshman found the classroom that he was supposed to be in and was amazed by the scene in it — 
It was truly all girls, as they had said.
The young girls were talking, cheering, and laughing before Soarame arrived. Then, when Soarame got there, everyone went quiet abruptly and stared at him. This made Soarame feel shy; in fact, he was sweating. His original plan was just to sneak in and find a seat, but after being eye-locked by everyone, he had to freeze by the door, not sure what to do next.
‘Hi there, are you Soarame?’ asked a girl sitting by the door.
‘Hi… Yes, I am. Sorry, you are?’ Soarame scratched his head subconsciously.
‘Sophia. Nice to meet you!’ The girl stood up and shook Soarame’s hand.
‘Hey, I’m Beatrice, nice to meet you, Soarame!’ Another girl came to Soarame and introduced herself.
‘I’m Elizabeth, nice to finally meet you!’
‘Hey, I’m Adele!’
Soarame was flattered to be receiving such special treatment. This day he probably met more girls than he ever had in the past twelve years, which made him quite nervous. The girls had heard that there was one, and only one, boy in their class this year, and they were curious about him. As a consequence, although it was the first class, Soarame was already well known.
The girls whispered back and forth for quite a while, keeping Soarame very busy, and very flushed. Finally, they had to quiet down because the teacher came in. Everyone sat upright and composed themselves, looking at the teacher.
‘Hello sweethearts! Look at you all, so beautiful!’ The teacher’s first words came out very naturally, yet all the girls started chuckling and watching Soarame. Soarame realised what was going on and flushed even more, but there was nothing he could do about it.
‘Oh, you’re Soarame, aren’t you?’ The teacher noticed the only boy sitting in the middle of the classroom.
‘Yes Ma’am, greetings to you!’ Soarame stood up hurriedly.
‘How lovely!’ The teacher was happy. ‘My name is Nicole, sit down please, cutie!’ Watching Soarame sit down with a “cutie” blush, all the girls were sniggering.
‘We are all family, relax, Soarame!’ Nicole could certainly sense Soarame’s shyness, so she was trying to calm him down, holding back her amusement. ‘OK, let’s start our first class — Water, mother of lives!’
‘Water gives rise to all lives, therefore Water magic is best-known for its nourishment and healing nature.’ Nicole was lecturing on the stage. ‘Besides that, Water magic is also strong in defence and Area of Effect spells — or AOE spells — which are mostly high level…’
This was the very first lesson for the freshmen and everyone was excited, including Soarame. However, after a while, the boy figured out that Nicole was only going to talk about freshmen stuff because this was indeed a class for real freshmen; therefore, Soarame lost interest sooner than he’d thought. After all, he was actually an Adept and was educated by Scankeen with a superior view of magic. Nicole’s class was very good for the girls, but really useless for Soarame. 
‘Now, who can tell me a bit more on this topic?’ Halfway through the class, Nicole threw a question to the crowd. ‘What are the practical advantages of performing Novice-level water magic, as far as you can go?’
‘I know one.’ A pretty girl raised her hand and was encouraged by Nicole to speak up. ‘Water magic keeps my skin clean and soft, I really like it!’
‘Good.’ While Soarame almost burst out laughing, he surprisingly found that Nicole actually agreed on this point and was very happy about it. ‘Not only does it keep your skin in good condition, but also it can make you look prettier and prettier if you keep practising it!’
‘Wow!’ Nicole’s comment raised a pulse of cheering; obviously the girls were all in favour of this benefit. Soarame looked around and found that everyone was actually serious about it, so he could do nothing other than try to fit himself into the wave.
The beauty and skin topic continued for a little longer than Soarame expected. Just when he got a little impatient about the lecture, Nicole caught him off guard. ‘Soarame, would you be willing to share something with us?’
‘Err…’ Soarame raised his head and stuttered. ‘Yeah… I mean… sure. I agree that water is good for the skin …’ 
‘Oh come on Soarame, you are the only boy in this class, surprise us with something different!’ Nicole interrupted Soarame and teased him with a friendly smile. ‘Your skin is good enough for a boy, so tell us something else!’
‘Ahh…’ Soarame had to scratch his head for this request — really? I was trying to fit in your style! ‘Then… performing water magic can save time to get water when you are thirsty… how about that?’
‘Poochee…’ A girl couldn’t help laughing, followed by many more.
‘Nah, that was boring.’ Obviously not everyone agreed with Soarame.
‘My sister says boys are always boring…’ Some girls began to hold a sub-session.
‘Hold on, everybody. Soarame has a point.’ Nicole fought back her laughter and smiled at Soarame. ‘But can you give us something of a bigger scope?’
‘A bigger scope?’ Soarame wanted to say ‘I can think of nothing bigger than the scope of beauty’, but he dared not. So, instead he said. ‘Water magic is actually useful in many areas. Let’s say you want to go skating, but it’s summer, then all that you need to do is freeze the lake in front of you.’
‘That’s a good thought.’ Nicole nodded. ‘Yet you have to have enough power to do that.’
‘How about snow?’ A girl followed up. ‘Summon a snowflake when you feel unhappy, or want to enjoy the romance!’
‘That’s also a good point, yet both of you are talking about a higher level of Water magic — controlling temperature. At Novice level we are not there yet.’ Nicole smiled and turned to Soarame again. ‘For now, can we talk a bit more about water itself, before we level up?’
‘Hmm…’ Soarame had to really think about it because he did have problems finding Novice-level Water magic useful. ‘I think the healing nature of water comes from the fact that the body contains a large amount of water.’
‘Excellent point!’ Nicole was a little surprised by Soarame’s thought. ‘Please keep going!’
‘Therefore, Water magic can both heal the body and do massive damage to the body.’ Soarame cleared his mind bit by bit. ‘It’s all up to the performer’s will. For example, if an evil wizard chooses to drain water from people’s bodies…’
‘OK, that was a very incisive thought.’ Nicole instantly cut Soarame off before he scared the girls by offering some horrible hypothesis. ‘However, the water in one’s body is dominated by the actual person himself, which is a huge difference from water in free form. Therefore, your thought was not practical, at least not at a level under Master. So everyone, please don’t be scared.’ Nicole was trying to calm down the girls, some of whom already had pale faces thanks to Soarame. ‘No one has ever done that, by the way. Plus, it would be much easier to perform a normal attacking spell, such as icearrow, which does remarkable damage.’
Finishing this in a rush, Nicole was relieved and took a deep breath. She didn’t expect Soarame to go this far and was surprised by the abnormal idea. Although a bit scared herself, she was fascinated by Soarame’s talented insight on magic. She wanted Soarame to keep going, but on another topic. ‘Well Soarame, I’m curious about how you feel as the only boy in the class. Does it feel good, as you have a totally different way of thinking from us?’
‘Sure, it feels great.’ Soarame answered with a naughty grimace in his heart. What else do you expect? No, I wish I wasn’t here?
‘Great, we also feel good having you here.’ Nicole smiled. The girls were all watching Soarame with curiosity. ‘What do you think is the reason that we have so many more girls than boys in our department?’
‘Because most boys don’t know how to appreciate Water magic,’ answered Soarame. Obviously this answer was favourable, as more girls began to size up Soarame.
‘Again, some details please.’ Nicole was glad to hear this and pushed the topic.
‘Many people tend to think that Water magic is less strong in attack than other magic lineages, such as Fire, but they don’t realize that this is actually wrong.’ Soarame spoke up, confident now. ‘High-level Water magic is second to none in attack, plus its nature makes it the most comprehensive magic.’
‘Yes it is! Water magic is famous for its balance in all purposes, you got it right!’ Nicole was ecstatic. ‘Then why do you think most boys still choose to go for other lineages? You are not the only one that knows the merits of high-level Water magic.’
‘Because of the peace.’ Soarame again gave an unexpected answer. 
‘The peace?’ Nicole was a little confused.
‘We are living in an era of peace. Even wizards don’t really have to fight that much, so they are not under pressure.’ Out of nowhere, Soarame felt something swarming in his body. He stood up unconsciously, looking around and said. ‘They care more about looking cool than the actual purposes of magic. They think Fire magic looks powerful, sounds ferocious, so they go for it. Water magic has even been unfairly labelled as “girly” since god-knows-when, and boys try to prove they are manly.’ As everyone else sat in silence, Soarame was the only one to speak. ‘If we are at war, this problem wouldn’t happen because the war would tell us the truth! People are too spoiled nowadays.’
Silence. 
Everyone was stunned by Soarame’s insight. Soarame, on the other hand, was really excited to finally get a topic that fitted him well. His response was actually thanks to Scankeen, who had told the boy many stories of wars in his hundreds of years’ experience.
Seeing the shining yet confused eyes of the girls surrounding him, Soarame stopped talking. He was looking at Nicole, waiting for her to comment.
‘Err… hmm…’ Nicole took some time to recover from the shock. ‘Interesting point, now let’s talk about something else…’
‘What…?’

Why do I look like an alien here? After the class, Soarame was walking out of the building, feeling disappointed. Obviously, Nicole was of a very different style from Sandoray; she didn’t want to talk about negative things in front of her young students. Therefore, every time Soarame tried to make a real point, he got bounced back.
‘Soarame!’ Just as Soarame was complaining to himself, a graceful voice came from behind him.
‘Hi, how are you guys?’ Soarame turned back and greeted a group of girls walking towards him.
‘We’re good, but we are girls, not guys.’ A pretty girl was smiling at Soarame. ‘I know we have met already, but we haven’t really talked. So, my name is Julia again, in case you forgot.’
‘I remember you, Julia.’ Soarame managed a white lie; there was no way that he could remember dozens of names at one go. ‘Hope I didn’t bother you during the class.’
‘No, not at all,’ Julia smiled. ‘In fact, we came to say hello because we liked your talk!’
‘Really?’ Soarame suddenly felt much better.
‘Yeah!’ Another girl followed up. ‘We find it inspiring, and we are all interested!’
‘Really?’ Soarame couldn’t help being excited.
‘Really! We enjoyed listening to your ideas and hope you can tell us more later.’ The girls all nodded in agreement with Julia.
‘Really?’ Soarame was too happy to realise that he was repeating himself and not good at talking to girls. 
The girls started chuckling. Julia approached Soarame. ‘Hey, can we friend each other on Libral Emblems?’
‘Huh?’ Soarame was puzzled, but soon he realized what Julia meant. ‘Oh, you mean open a chat channel?’
‘Yeah, exactly,’ Julia said; she actually looked shy at this moment. ‘May I?’
‘Oh sure, sure, sure.’ Soarame handed his emblem to Julia. ‘It’s just that I can’t really use it to talk.’
‘I know, I can’t either.’ Julia took Soarame’s emblem and injected her mind power. The crystal chip flashed for a second and a name emerged on the back — Julia Swift. The next second, an image of Julia’s face was emitted by the emblem. A voice sounded. ‘Confirm?’
‘Yes,’ Soarame answered. He did the same thing to Julia’s emblem and Julia also saw his face and name appear — Soarame Jadeking. 

Just like that, Soarame quickly made a lot of friends. One week quickly passed and the first weekend arrived. Soarame was excited because he could finally go to Dafinol for ice carving for the first time — 
‘Hey buddy, there you are!’ Dafinol was waiting for Soarame by the door. ‘Ready to have some fun today?’
‘Can’t wait!’ Soarame cheered.
‘Alright, we are going to start with basics.’ Dafinol led Soarame to a table; there were a number of different engraving tools on it. ‘The first step for you is to know these tools.’ There were a variety of tools such as tongs, chisels, jigs, forks etc., and each of them had different subtypes, with different shapes for different purposes. Dafinol briefly went through those basics and gave a quick demonstration on how to use them on a cube. The engraving actually took time; by the end of the entire day Dafinol had only managed to finish the rough shaping. So Soarame came back the next day and finally got to see Dafinol finish this work — in Dafinol’s words, this one was just for teaching purposes.
‘How much can it sell for at an auction?’ Soarame was curious. In his eyes, the “rush work for teaching purposes” actually looked pretty good.
‘I don’t sell scraps like this.’ Dafinol shook his head. ‘My reputation is built on my elegant works. Selling stuff like this would make me look like a joker.’
‘But I think it looks great!’ Soarame was surprised to hear that. ‘What’s wrong with selling it?’
‘A real artist destroys dissatisfying work; a dealer sells it. I’m the former.’ Dafinol educated Soarame. ‘To settle your curiosity though, it can be worth up to five hundred gold coins, because of my name.’
‘Seriously!’ Soarame was stunned. ‘And you want to destroy it?’
‘Yes.’ Dafinol took the work and tossed it into the trash bin. This made Soarame swallow — five hundred gold coins! For god’s sake!
‘Don’t be surprised. My name is worth a lot more than that.’ Dafinol was amused to see Soarame’s expression. ‘My elegant work sells for at least a hundred ruby coins per piece, and the reason is what you just saw.’
That was ten thousand gold coins, and that’s an “at least”? Soarame almost fell over. He took a deep breath and tried to make himself calm down. Thinking for a while, Soarame had to agree that Dafinol had done the right thing to protect his reputation. But still, he was crying inside for that five hundred gold coins — all that Filton had given him was actually less than that, so Dafinol had just thrown away the equivalent of Soarame’s total assets.
Soarame went back to his dorm as if he was sleepwalking. His entire mind was occupied by two numbers — five hundred and ten thousand. It felt absurd to Soarame that Dafinol actually made that much, yet he didn’t seem interested in money; his studio was pretty small, his clothes were very casual and he didn’t even have a helper until Soarame showed up. Dafinol certainly could read Soarame’s thoughts, and he told Soarame something that left the boy unsure whether to laugh or to cry — ‘a great wizard makes tons more! No wizard ever worries about money.’
Well, at least I’m a unique wizard, then. Soarame teased himself. The good news was that the future was bright, so Soarame had to re-order his mind and focus on study — the second week was starting the next day, and the boy had a strong feeling that something was on the way to him!

EGG, DRAGON&EMPIRES


Mixed with joy and annoyance, Soarame’s school life got underway. Thanks to Julia’s encouragement, Soarame attended every Water class and developed an interest in it, bit by bit. Although Nicole still tried to cut him off, from time to time, once he began to discuss things a little too provocative in her opinion — ‘Boys are headaches, I just knew it!’ Nicole claimed in exasperation, but she still had to appreciate Soarame’s odd yet interesting thoughts now and then.
After class Soarame would go back to the dorm to learn Wind magic, or to hang out with his friends — Soarame had made quite a few friends, but his best friends were still his roommates, plus the four girls who had flown with him. School isn’t that bad after all, thanks to them. Soarame thought. The frustration about being all alone had been diluted a great deal.
Most weekends, Soarame helped Dafinol with his ice carving, at the same time learning the skills. Soon enough, Soarame noticed a very “bad” habit of Dafinol’s — this man threw away things all the time. Most of Dafinol’s work ended up in trash bins and melted; Soarame was upset to watch five thousand gold coins becoming water, good for nothing but gardening, until he finally could not stand it any longer — 
‘Dafinol, isn’t there a better way to deal with this?’ Soarame stopped Dafinol from throwing away another work — it was named “horseman”, and showed a knight riding a horse. It was so nicely done that it reminded Soarame of his fantasy years ago — himself on Richie when they both grew up; but Dafinol was still not satisfied.
‘Soarame, if you really want it, you can have this one.’ Dafinol looked at Soarame. ‘You can choose to sell it, keep it or maybe work on it — you mentioned you do want to make your own work one day, right?’
Soarame took over the work in joy, but the next second he sighed — he certainly would prefer to sell it and get the money, but he couldn’t. Selling the “horseman” meant jeopardizing Dafinol’s reputation and killing his trust, so finally, Soarame left the work at the studio — he couldn’t keep the icework from melting in the dorm.
I need to do it faster. Soarame had to push himself. I can’t sell Dafinol’s work, but I can sell my own work if I can make something nice. But carving is so hard… Soarame looked at a corner of his table, where his work was sitting. He couldn’t think of a name for it, because even he could not tell exactly what it was. Carving demanded hands that were strong enough, besides all the skills etc., but as a boy Soarame just couldn’t handle that. He had been trying to use Water magic, but it was too hard to control the frozen Water elements inside an ice cube, simply because he was not that powerful yet.
I can’t make the Water elements move in an ice form, I need to try another way. This day after coming back to the dorm, Soarame had to sit down and really spend time thinking. I have to do it step by step, by controlling them in liquid first… yes, that’s it!
Soarame jumped up and rushed to the living room — he finally had an idea. Soarame recalled that during his visit with Filton in Cylone City, there had been a street artist painting by blowing ink on a canvas. Now Soarame was going to do the same thing, only instead of blowing, he would use magic.
It’s the same as pouring beer into the bottle that day! How could I have taken so long to get here? Soarame kept berating himself while he poured some ink onto a piece of paper. However, the paper was too absorbent to keep the ink on the surface, so it got sucked in right away and formed a big splodge; when Soarame tried to move the ink around using his mind power, it was already too late. Soarame tried several times and was disappointed to see that it didn’t work as expected, so he had to go buy canvas from a campus store. This time it worked much better and Soarame could direct the ink on the canvas to make some patterns, yet it was still far from being an artwork — or maybe too much of an artwork for people to understand.
That’s ok, at least it can work! Soarame was encouraged to see this happen; all that he needed to do was to keep trying. So Soarame spent the rest of the day painting by magic, until his roommates came back — 
‘Soar, what are you doing?’ Kardiac came over and soon worked it out. ‘God, you are trying to paint with Water magic? That’s a genius idea!’
‘Thanks, I call it mind-painting, but it’s so hard.’ Soarame was tired. Kardiac wanted to try it himself, but he couldn’t perform Water, nor could Omifo and Halgon, so they could only offer some suggestions.
The news spread very fast. Soarame’s classmates came to visit days later, all marvelling at Soarame’s thoughts. The girls were all Water wizards, so they also tried it but found that it was incredibly hard. Finally, they all had to give up, except Soarame, the unique wizard who needed money. Dileys’ crew also came to check out the mind-painting, and they had a really hard time trying to work it out too, even as Grade 3 or 4 students. 
Soarame was not surprised to see this. After all, his mind power was actually at Adept level, higher than most of his friends. However, he was new to Water so he was in Grade 1 — before mastering Water spells at a higher level, he had to stay as a Grade 1, especially when no one knew about his unusual mind power. 
‘Soarame, you must be insane!’ Realising Soarame was actually aiming at making an ice sculpture with mind power, the girls were perturbed. ‘How did you get this idea?’
‘Well, it’s a good way to practise Water magic at the same time as making art.’ Soarame shrugged his shoulders. ‘I can’t do it Dafinol’s way anyway.’
‘Dileys is a Grade 4; she’s the only one among us who can cast a freezing spell.’ Vivarin looked at Soarame as if she was looking at a monster. ‘But that’s just for freezing water into ice; the shape of the ice is random.’
‘Vivarin is right, I can freeze water, but I can’t control the shape.’ Dileys nodded. ‘When I’m able to, I’ll become a Grade 5 or even 6 — but I don’t think that’s going to happen soon.’
‘I see.’ Soarame realised that he was aiming at a pretty ambitious goal. But so what? Soarame never took Grade 5 or 6 as a scary task, because that was still within Adept level. His goal was to become an Expert wizard as soon as possible, so that he could start looking for his parents on his own. Although magic was really fascinating him, he never forgot about this important task, which he had set himself when he was little.
‘But don’t give up!’ Jemario tried to encourage Soarame. ‘I believe you can make it sooner than we think, and maybe sell it at auction for a good price!’
‘Yes, you can do it!’ His roommates joined in to cheer Soarame up. 
However, no one really believed that Soarame could do it, at least not in this school, before he graduated. Soarame also knew that he had to be able to master mind-painting before thinking about mind-carving, so he kept practising hard every single day and became a little better each day. The story of Soarame’s mind-painting skills spread wide on campus and amazed a lot of students — although they were unwilling to admit it, none of them could really do it. 

****

Several months had passed and Soarame had been working really hard. He spent most of his time on Water magic, but only to find that his “capable” gift was indeed a merely “capable” — in sharp contrast to his Wind spells, which he found much easier to learn and master, he made little improvement in Water spells. Although Soarame had been practising day and night, sticking to his mind-painting and all the efforts beyond that, he was still in Grade 1. He couldn’t even master the Grade-2 spells, regardless of how well he could control Water elements for mind painting, using his Adept-level mind power. As a comparison, Julia had been pretty much lying around and having fun all day, yet with a superior gift she had levelled up to Grade 2 already. Interestingly, the gifted girl had seldom kept in touch with Soarame since then. 
Soarame wasn’t sure how he felt about that, but fortunately he still had quite a few friends who didn’t change their attitude to him; especially Dileys’ crew, and particularly Jemario. Thanks to their continuous encouragement, Soarame kept trying and his efforts finally counted. One great day, Soarame graded up, which was still faster than average. As a result, his dorm now had a fireplace in the living room. 
‘Hey, we heard that someone is pretty popular in our department.’ Dileys’ crew were visiting Soarame’s dorm to offer their congratulations. ‘Although he’s not the first one to level up.’
‘Really?’ Soarame was actually sick of his own catch phrase, but it slipped out anyway.
‘Yes, because he’s good at giving weird thoughts in class and saying “really”,’ Catheray teased. ‘What’s your most powerful magic now? This?’ A stream of water ran from the tip of Catheray’s finger into a cup; she then picked up the cup and drank it.
‘Hmm… you heard about that, too?’ Soarame scratched his head while they were all laughing.
‘Well, this is popular nowadays,’ Jemario teased Soarame. ‘Some girls even use it for showering if they have enough mind power.’
‘Well, glad to be of help.’ Soarame had to giggle.
‘What, you’ve helped girls shower? That’s awesome!’ Kardiac nudged Soarame’s shoulder with his own. He was about to carry on, but got shut down by Catheray’s slap on the head. 
Just then, there came a knock on the door of their dorm. Soarame opened the door and was overjoyed. ‘Sachastain? Long time no see! I thought you’d forgotten about me!’
‘How could I do that?’ Seeing Soarame, Sachastain was very happy too. ‘Congratulations on your grading up!’
‘Thank you!’ Soarame hurriedly introduced Sachastain to his friends. 
‘Good to see you making so many friends.’ Sachastain patted Soarame’s shoulder. ‘I’m here to give you a little surprise today.’
‘A surprise?’ Soarame was excited to hear that. Then, he noticed Sachastain was holding an ebony box, and its brownish-black wood emitted an ancient aura. The friends could tell from the box that there must be something special inside. 
‘Oh wow, this is for me?’ Soarame was so happy. ‘Can I open it?’
‘Sure. But before that, why don’t you take a guess about what’s in it?’
‘Well…’ Soarame rolled his eyes and made his first try. ‘A magic wand?’
‘Nearly, but not exactly.’ Sachastain smiled at everyone. ‘You guys can all join in this game.’
‘I think it’s a robe for wizards!’ Kardiac couldn’t wait to speak.
‘Kardy, you are probably the only genius who could put a robe in a box of this size!’ Catheray made fun of Kardiac. ‘It’s more likely to be a necklace or something.’
‘Good try, Catheray,’ Sachastain smiled. ‘Again, nearly there.’
‘Earrings?’ Vivarin guessed; that was her favourite gift.
‘Seriously?’ Omifo teased. ‘Earrings as a gift to a boy?’
‘Of course it can happen.’ Vivarin blushed but wouldn’t give up. ‘Be more fashionable, boy!’
‘Not wand, necklace, or earing, but it’s still gonna be a magigear of some kind, right? And probably a Water magigear?’ Halgon was usually silent, but this time he wanted to talk. ‘Judging from the box, the gear is probably quite classical. How about a bracelet, like a replica of Undines’ Bless?’
Hearing Halgon’s guess, Sachastain was surprised. The Undines’ collection was a set of magigears from ancient times; not everyone knew about it — even Sachastain was not sure what exactly Undines’ Bless referred to, yet Halgon had just claimed it to be one of the bracelets in the set.
‘Halgon, right? I must say you guys know a lot more than I expected.’ Sachastain was happy that he had come to the right place. ‘I was never so lucky as to see something like the Undines’ collection in my life, not even a replica, but I think you will like this one better — it’s a magimal egg.’ 
‘A magimal egg?’ Everyone screamed; that was indeed a big surprise. The friends certainly knew some students here who had magimals, but none of them had one so far, and they had been jealous. 
For a wizard, there were two things that were most wanted: magigears, which could enhance one’s magic power; and magimals, who could be bonded with wizards and become their loyal friends. Just like the wizards, magimals or magigears had the same rankings: Novice, Adept, Expert, Master/Baron and even Legendary. On top of that, a magimal egg was usually more precious than a magigear of the same ranking.
‘Yep, a magimal egg.’ Hearing the commotion, Sachastain was quite satisfied. ‘As to what kind of magimal, you’ll find out for yourself. Now I need to go back to work; feel free to come to me if you need anything.’ Sachastain was about to leave, but was suddenly pulled back by Soarame.
‘No, Sachastain, I can’t take it.’ Soarame was anxious. ‘Thank you so much, but this gift is too much, I just can’t!’
‘What? You don’t say that to me, boy!’ Sachastain pretended to be upset and pushed the box into Soarame’s arms. ‘This gift is from me, so I decide who can take it!’
‘Yes, but…’ Soarame certainly wanted it — his top regret so far was that he couldn’t bond with Richie. However, he felt nervous at receiving such a precious gift, especially after his master had told him that magimals were always expensive and hard to get.
‘Months ago, a boy called Soarame protected the dignity of this institute and the reputation of my team.’ Sachastain looked into Soarame’s eyes. ‘Back then, I had already started thinking about this gift, so I’ve been watching you ever since. To date, everything I’ve seen and heard about you convinced me that you deserve it.’
‘What?’ Kardiac was surprised. ‘Soar, what does he mean?’
‘Ha-ha, it seems that you keep yourself at a low key, Soarame.’ Sachastain looked at Soarame with appreciation. ‘Why don’t I let you guys talk. See you soon!’
‘Thank you, Sachastain!’ Soarame felt truly touched. Life was amazing sometimes; if one did good deeds at some point, (s)he would have the favour returned later at some point.
Thanks to Sachastain, it was a happy day for the friends. Soarame opened the box and saw an ivory-white magimal egg inside. The friends were happy for Soarame and were keen to see what was in the egg, so they urged Soarame to hatch it right away. 
Thanks to his repeated attempts with Richie, Soarame couldn’t be more familiar with how to bond with a magimal, or a magimal egg. With his wand in hand, Soarame began to draw the hexagram and inject his mind power into the egg. The hexagram shone and Soarame did a very proficient job of injecting his mind power smoothly and carefully for a few minutes. Everyone was amazed to see Soarame so skilful at this, and they were ready to witness the baby being born. However, after a while there was still nothing happening to the egg.
‘Come on, Soar! You can do it!’ Kardiac ran out of patience first.
‘Shh!’ Catheray slapped Kardiac on the head, even though she was quite eager herself.
Soarame kept trying for another ten minutes before he had to take a rest, and then continued for another round. But half an hour later, still nothing had happened.
‘Hatching is that hard?’ Soarame couldn’t help asking. ‘Has anyone ever tried it before?’
‘Yes, I have.’ Seeing the others shaking their heads, Halgon spoke up. ‘It can be hard depending on the egg’s ranking, so just keep trying. This one must be of a high rank and need more mind power.’
‘It shouldn’t be.’ Soarame was quite confident about his mind power because he was actually an Adept, but after he had tried for another hour, still nothing was happening.
‘Guys, could it be that this egg has already rotted?’ Kardiac barked impatiently. ‘This box looks ancient, the egg might have been in there for centuries, who knows?’
‘No, I believe that this magimal egg is just high ranking,’ Halgon said. ‘Maybe this is also a test from Sachastain, so let’s be patient and give it a few days. Just keep trying every day.’ Halgon’s words enlightened the others; although they were eager to see the newborn, they had to take things as they came.
‘So we’ll let Soarame take time to hatch it?’ Dileys was dissatisfied. ‘Or shall we go ask Sachastain?’
‘No, let’s not do that,’ Omifo disagreed. ‘We’ll solve the problem by ourselves.’
‘Of course, hero.’ Vivarin stared at Omifo, making him cringe. ‘What now, then?’
‘I’ll do some mind-painting.’ Soarame believed Halgon’s claim that the egg couldn’t be hatched because of his limited power, so he needed to keep improving. ‘The egg can be my model.’
‘That’s boring.’ Catheray curled her lip. ‘If you really want to do this, why not join an art organisation? They might have some ideas.’ 
‘She’s right! We have a lot of students’ organisations on campus.’ Jemario poked Soarame in the shoulder. ‘You should check them out; it might really help!’
‘That’s a good idea.’ Soarame’s eyes brightened. The girls had been here for years and they knew the campus much better, so the entire crew decided to go out there and see what they could find. The girls were right — there were quite a few organisations, so the crew had to split up and check them out. Soarame followed Jemario and signed up to the painting club, but there was no carving club because not many people were capable of doing it.
‘That’s good enough, thank you, Jemario.’ Soarame was happy although even the painting club had never tried mind-painting. The two kept walking on, and Soarame saw a big booth with its banners displaying its name. ‘What is that one for? Dragon&Empires?’ 
‘You never heard of it? It’s a famous game club here, and it has a card game version, too,’ Jemario explained. ‘Let’s check it out; you might really like it.’
The two of them enquired and were told that there happened to be a game on soon. So they followed the student on duty at the club, Thom, to their sportsground, so that they could find out everything about the game. Soon enough, Soarame realised that the game was pretty simple but fun; it was a derivative of ancient wars between mankind and dragons. There were three parties in this game: two teams of seven, representing two empires, and a third person representing a dragon. Each party had a gem as their treasure, and the goal was to get another gem into their base from either of the other two parties within an hour. Meanwhile, there was a ball representing a powerful magic weapon; the party that sent it to the rival’s base got one point — if the party kept its gem treasure at its own base. If time ran out, the team with the highest points won.
‘The “dragon” is going to do this all by himself?’ Soarame couldn’t help asking. ‘That sounds really hard.’
‘Not really, because he is much stronger; he wears two magigears for the game, so he usually becomes at least a tri-lineager. Therefore, the empires usually have to have two to three people to counter him, but they may never be able to beat him.’ Jemario apparently knew the basics of this game. ‘The catch is, if the two empires fight each other too hard, the dragons will go grab their gems; if one empire fight against the dragon, the other empire will grab its gem.’
‘So it’s all about the balance.’ Soarame got the point. ‘What about if two empires form an alliance and fight the dragon together? And how could the dragon ever get points?’
‘First of all, the dragon is too arrogant to use the magic weapon. He doesn’t care about the ball or the points, his only goal is the gem. Second, the dragon’s cave is immune to the magic weapon and his gem can only be grabbed in two scenarios: he’s out with the gem on his body, or he left the gem in the cave unguarded. If the dragon is defending his cave, the game says the dragon is invincible,’ Jemario explained. ‘So the dragon won’t come out for a gem unless the empires are at war — you got it? He can win if he does it right.’
‘I see. So the dragon can carry his gem on his body but the empires can only keep the gem in their bases?’ 
‘Yes, the bases are the chests on each end of the field.’ Jemario pointed at the sportsground. ‘Also, the dragon can fly so he’s really difficult to counter — see that flightcloak he’s wearing?’
Soarame looked over and saw a boy in a black cloak. The flightcloak looked similar to a robe at first glance, but it was a magigear that allowed its wearer to fly. Usually the dragon had to be a Grade-5 student because it cost quite some mind power to use the flightcloak; otherwise it had to be a genius Wind student who could fly by himself — but that was extremely rare because the flying spell was supposed to be Expert level. 
Right now, the two teams were mostly Grade-4 students, but both captains were Grade-5s; with the dragon being the third. The dragon was a Fire student, and he picked the magigears of Earth and Light to make himself into a tri-lineage dragon. Because the players were supposed to summon real magic in the game, additional lineages always helped; in many cases they countered each other if used properly.
Soon enough the game started, and the dragon was sitting there in its cave — a big chair with a box attached. The dragon’s gem was either in his robe or in the box; no one would know unless they beat the dragon or opened the box. The referee had given the signal to start, so the empires began to fight for it. The players for the empires could be of any lineage, but most of the time the captain tried to balance it. In this case, the red team had two Wind students, two for Light, one each for Fire, Darkness and Earth. This was known to be a good team combo, because the Wind players could speed them up with Wind spells for mobility, plus they could also attack or defend; Darkness for sneaking around and stealing the gem; Light for countering the rival Darkness player; Fire for intensive pushing and Earth for defence. The green team had a similar combo, only they had one more Darkness for one less Wind.
So… no Water on either side? Soarame sighed and glanced at Jemario, finding her also displeased to see that. Soon enough, I will let these guys know how much Water can do!
The game was ongoing. Firebolts and windblades were already streaking back and forth, and the Darkness player on both sides had disappeared — they both hid in the shadows of their Wind teammates, trying to approach the rival team unnoticed for sneak attacks. At the moment, the red team was pushing and the green was defending, and the red Darkness player got a chance to sneak into the shadow of the Green Earth player — only Soarame could tell, thanks to his special vision. However, at the same time a green Darkness was doing the same thing to a red Wind; and he was so good that he managed to follow the red Wind when the green team struck back and pushed the red team back to near their base. Both teams kept putting pressure on each other back and forth, at the same time keeping an eye on the dragon. On the other hand, the dragon seemed not worried at all; he was crossing his legs and drinking juice. Soarame was amused to see the dragon student put his gem into the box and deliberately let some players see that, then secretly fetch it back and put it into his pocket.
‘He’s here!’ The red Light player shouted all of a sudden. He was guarding their base, and his spell had revealed the green Darkness hiding in his Wind teammate’s shadow and trying to approach. The next second, the red Wind turned around, trying to get the green Darkness, but the sneak attacker had been scared away already.
This tactic went back and forth for several rounds, until both teams were more familiar with the rivals’ style and became confident enough to put more force into their attacks. Right now they were having a group fight in the middle of the field, with only two members on each side defending their bases. The red team was winning the game, so the green was pushed towards their base bit by bit.
‘Help, the dragon!’ A red basekeeper suddenly noticed that the dragon had left his seat and was flying towards their base; the dragon flew so fast that he was almost there already. A red Wind instantly dashed back from the group fight, casting windblades towards the dragon as he went. The dragon dodged the windblades easily due to his speed, at the same time using the magigear to cast stoneballs towards the red basekeepers. The basekeepers used the Earth shields prepared by their Earth teammate to block the attack; the three red fought the dragon until he had to leave. Just as the red basekeepers were heaving a sigh of relief, they suddenly realised that a green Darkness had emerged from behind their Wind teammate, and caught the ball that was passed over from the middle field; before the basekeepers could do much, he threw the ball and hit the red base.
‘Green team gets one point.’ The referee announced right away and reset the ball.
‘Damn it!’ The red Wind was upset. ‘That guy is so quick! He can follow up even with my speed?’
‘It’s ok man, he’s fast and we all know it.’ The red captain tried to reassure the team. ‘It could be worse; if he had the guts, he could have tried to take our gem out of the base.’
‘If he dared, I’d beat the crap out of him! He’s never going to get the gem to his base.’ The basekeepers were angry. The green Darkness was certainly clever; if he tried to grab the gem he would most likely get caught for being out of physical touch with his teammates for more than ten seconds — that was called “executed”. Then he would have to leave the game for ten minutes, which would be a disaster.
After a few more turns, the green team finally won the game thanks to their Darkness players; no team managed to get a gem. The dragon made several attempts but all failed, and the red team once got into the dragon cave yet found that the gem was not there — because of this desperate move they almost lost their own gem. The game was quite competitive overall; Soarame and Jemario enjoyed watching it. For part of the time Jemario was so into the game that she grabbed Soarame’s arm out of stress, and Soarame certainly loved that.
After the game, Soarame went to Thom, the student on duty for the club that day. ‘Do you guys have openings in some teams? Is there any requirement for joining?’
‘Yes. There are some teams looking for people, and the requirements are up to the captains of the teams,’ Thom answered; noticing that Soarame was quite new, he added. ‘Most competing teams ask for Grade 4 and above, but if you just want to have fun you can form a team yourself and register with us. What’s your grade and major, by the way?’
‘I’m in Grade 2, Water,’ Soarame answered. He noticed that the students around all looked over, and some even sniggered on hearing him. Soarame heard them talking with each other. ‘Why doesn’t he go and play the card game? Water is pretty strong on the table!’
Jemario knew what they were talking about — as she had just told Soarame, there was a card game version of Dragon&Empires, and lots of students played it too. Seeing and hearing that, Jemario got annoyed and embarrassed; she grabbed Soarame’s arm and signalled to him to go. However, Soarame frowned and approached Thom instead. ‘How can I register a team, please?’
‘Guys, watch your manners!’ Thom had also noticed the unpleasant behaviour of some students, so he turned around and yelled at them; then he turned to Soarame again. ‘You can register any time, it’s very easy. But you need to have a team name ready, and bring at least three more people with you.’ Thom patiently explained the details and helped Soarame understand the rules, until Soarame was satisfied and left with Jemario.
‘Soarame, that was brave of you.’ On their way back, Jemario looked at the boy beside her with admiration. ‘No Water student has ever successfully formed a team yet.’
‘Well, they didn’t try hard enough,’ Soarame smiled. ‘What’s the big deal?’
‘It’s kind of a big deal to us as Waters.’ Jemario noticed that she had unconsciously grabbed Soarame’s arm again, so she hurriedly let go. ‘It’ll be so awesome to have a Water captain! The entire Water department will be crazy if you can make it…’
‘I will make it,’ Soarame interrupted Jemario all of a sudden. He stopped walking, turned around and looked into her eyes. ‘Maybe it’ll take some time but — I. Will. Make. It!’
Jemario was stunned for a few seconds. She didn’t speak any more but lowered her head. Soarame took that as meaning that Jemario didn’t quite believe it, but she chose not to discourage him, so he was even more determined to do it and prove it. But he didn’t know that the real reason why Jemario lowered her head was that she was actually blushing, and she did not want Soarame to notice.

‘Soarame is that cool?’ Vivarin marvelled upon hearing this story from Jemario. ‘I bet he can make it!’
‘I bet he can, too!’ Dileys was also excited. ‘I so can’t wait to see a Water captain in the real game! We finally have a hope of getting out of the cards!’
‘Yes, I’ll personally be a cheerleader for Soarame’s team!’ Catheray jumped up. ‘I’m going to need some practice from now on.’
‘Calm down, girl, Soarame is just in Grade 2!’ Dileys chuckled. ‘He will need to get to Grade 4 at the very least, right Jemario? It won’t come that quick.’
‘Maybe, but he seems really serious about it.’ Jemario was recalling the scene when Soarame looked into her eyes and said those words. There was so much determination and courage in the boy’s eyes — It was so charming!
‘Atishoo!’ At the same time, Soarame suddenly sneezed in his dorm while he was practising his mind-painting. Filton once said sneezing means someone is talking about me. It must be those guys from the teams laughing at me, then. Soarame shook his head, he didn’t really care about what people thought about him, thanks to Scankeen’s education and influence on him.
It’s getting a little better! Soarame looked at his newest work — at least one could tell it was an egg now. Since he had come back from the Dragon&Empires game, he had become even more motivated to practise Water magic. Soarame was surprised to find that this time the motivation was helping him much more than money did; his mind-painting skills and controlling of Water elements had actually improved really fast thanks to the stimulation.
Soarame knew that as a Grade 2 he would not be able to form a team and get good players to join him, so he decided to focus on grading up first, by studying hard in classes and practising mind-painting. His goal was to first master mind-painting, then move to mind-carving — by then he should have reached Grade 4 or even above; then it would be the right time to form a team for the game.

Time always goes fast when one is concentrating; a few weeks had passed during which Soarame continued to practice hard at Water magic.
This day, Soarame was painting in the dorm when he heard a noise by the door. He put down the inkbottle, stretched, and went to check. There was an envelope lying on the floor; it must be the mailman that had squeezed it under the door. Soarame picked it up and realised that it was for Kardiac, but this reminded Soarame that he should have been writing to Filton — the old man hadn’t written yet. 
Soarame recalled the weird dream that he had during his first night on campus, and decided to do it right away. He took a pen and wrote a letter, addressed it to Filton’s house, and then went to the post office.
After a bit of chitchat with the post officer, Soarame asked. ‘How long does it take to deliver, please?’ 
‘To Corrugon Peninsula? Not long; a couple of days should be enough,’ the officer said. ‘See that fellow over there? He’s fast.’
Soarame was surprised to learn that the delivery time was much shorter than he expected, and looked over — the officer was pointing at a big bird of some kind. ‘His name is Windy, a Wind magimal, one of the best mailmen for the school.’
‘That is so cool!’ Soarame marvelled. ‘Where is he from?’
‘I don’t know, but the manager’s had him since he was an egg.’ The officer was obviously fond of Windy. ‘So he’s been our baby ever since.’ If a magimal lived with mankind, it meant it had a human master; in this case it was the manager. Soarame couldn’t help thinking about his magimal egg — if his egg hatched, the baby magimal would take Soarame as its master too, but what would it be? 
Windy could deliver Soarame’s letter very fast, but it took longer for Filton to send his letter back to Soarame, because Windy only worked for the school; so Soarame had to put this matter aside for now.
‘Thanks for the letter, man,’ Kardiac said to Soarame back at the dorm. The girls were also there — they were used to hanging out in Soarame’s dorm.
‘Sure, do you know how long this letter takes to reach you?’ Soarame asked.
‘It took a month,’ Kardiac sighed. ‘It’s too far and my parents are not wizards, so they could only use ordinary mailing. What about you, man?’
‘Mine neither,’ Vivarin cut in. ‘Most of our parents are not, I suppose.’
‘Hey, he’s asking a “man”,’ Omifo teased Vivarin, but seeing the girl’s instantly threatening pose, he had to quickly quiet down.
Everyone was amused to see this, except Soarame. Thinking about his parents, Soarame felt emotional. Just when he was trying to switch topic, there came a vague meowing sound. 
‘Soarame, do you have a cat in your dorm?’ Jemario asked.
‘What? Cat? No.’ Soarame was happy to see his friends distracted.
‘Then how come I heard a cat meowing?’ Jemario wondered as they heard another meow. It was faint, but everyone heard it in the quiet of the room. They were curious, wondering if there might be a cat outside. They opened the door and found it was already dark outside; with Omifo’s Light magic they looked around the building, but found nothing.
Puzzled, the friends returned to the dorm. Soon enough, they heard another strange meow. They exhausted themselves trying to locate it, but just couldn’t find the cat.
Finally, everyone became a little creeped out, especially the girls. The meow was definitely inside the dorm building, but there was definitely no cat there. The weird meow bothered the friends so much that they had to find out where the mysterious cat was.
‘Halg, what are you doing?’ Kardiac asked the one boy who didn’t seem nervous at all; he was lying in the coach with a relaxed smile. Before Kardiac’s voice faded, another weird meow broke out.
‘Soarame, congratulations!’ Breaking the tension, Halgon chortled. ‘It’s your magimal egg!’ Hearing that, the friends shoved each other in the rush to Soarame’s desk to surround the ivory-white egg. Halgon was right; the meowing was indeed from the egg, and it was getting louder. 
‘Oh, dear. Soarame, Sachastain sent you a cat?’ Kardiac widened his ox-like eyes in shock. ‘Cats are born from eggs?’
Soarame was also puzzled. Let alone that cats were not egg-born, he had hoped there was a fierce fighting magimal inside the egg. The ancient ebony box in which the egg rested suggested that the magimal wouldn’t be something as ordinary as a cat, but now it seemed very likely to be a cat of some sort — well, a magical cat, if that helped. 
While Soarame was wondering, with a soft creak, a crack appeared in the “cat egg”. All of a sudden, a ray of rainbow-coloured light shone through the crack in the eggshell, and the ivory-white egg started glowing. The cracks began to increase, zigzagging all over the eggshell. As this happened, a halo of glittering and translucent aura shone around the egg. Soarame and his friends gazed in amazement; it looked beautiful. 
The intense pulse of vitality that emitted from inside the egg made the kids feel excited and joyful. With the appearance of the last crack, the whole egg exploded, the whole shell shattering. The body of the little magimal inside radiated dazzling white light; it shone so bright that Soarame couldn’t see clearly what on earth the it was. The eggshell pieces fragmented even more and became countless light dots, converging on the dazzling light cloud surrounding the egg. 
This scene lasted for a little while before the lights finally faded. Soarame and his friends were so stunned that no one in the dorm had said a word since the appearance of the first crack in the eggshell. Not until the dazzling light faded did Catheray call out. ‘Oh my god, how cute is this!’
The little magimal finally revealed itself — it was a fluffy white kitten.
The girls were totally dazzled by the little white cat’s appearance; in contrast, the reaction of the boys was a little different. Every one of them had been expecting something more — what could a cat do? Sure, it was cute, but could it beat a smilodon? 

‘Soarame, I’m so jealous! A kitten is way better than a bizarre beast of some sort!’ Dileys tugged Soarame’s arm. ‘Go pick it up!’
Soarame woke up from his thoughts and took the meowing kitten in his arms. Feeling the softness and warmth from the little furball, he suddenly melted and realised that he shouldn’t be complaining — it was a life, and he would be its master from now on!
‘Meow.’ The little fluffy creature looked at Soarame with great curiosity from a pair of crystal-clear blue eyes. Surrounded by the exclamations from his friends, Soarame held the kitten up affectionately. At the same time, he sensed that there was a mind connection established between the kitten and himself — this must be the bond that was formed through the hatching process. Soarame was reminded of Richie once again, but the bonding efforts had never been successful; so this kitten was Soarame’s first magimal, and he finally understood the difference that having a magimal made. The kitten also seemed to recognise Soarame as its master because of the mind connection; its two big eyes squeezed into slits as it enjoyed Soarame stroking it, and it began rubbing against his face with its head.
‘Soarame, can we try too?’ The girls were totally entranced. 
Everyone got a chance to hold this snow-white kitten. Even the boys had to admit that they actually loved it; their initial disappointment had totally vanished upon touching the cute little kitten. 
‘Should we name him… or her?’ Jemario suggested. ‘Is it a boy or a girl?’
‘Yeah, let’s find that out first,’ Vivarin told Soarame. ‘Come on man, we’re all waiting.’
Soarame hadn’t thought about that until now, so he turned the kitten over gently and started to check closely. All the boys suddenly became anxious again, as they were hoping the cat would be a boy because it was supposed to grow up as a ferocious magimal — one that was tough enough to battle a wolf, if not a tiger or a bear. 
Everyone was watching Soarame, holding their breath and hoping to read the answer on his face. Unfortunately, time passed and Soarame was still at sea. 
‘How’s it going, Soarame? What are you waiting for?’ Kardiac was running out of patience.
‘I… I don’t know?’ Soarame expressed his confusion embarrassedly. ‘How do you tell?’ Hearing that, everyone burst into laughter. 
‘It’s a girl.’ Dileys checked and pronounced confidently. She couldn’t hold back her chuckle though.
‘How do you know?’ asked Omifo. 
The girls had to laugh again. Dileys could not find the best way to answer this. ‘You boys really should read more books!’
‘Shh, I know!’ Kardiac was not convinced. ‘Look at the breasts. They are fat, so it’s a girl!’
Hearing Kardiac, the girls collapsed in gales of laughter. Kardiac realised that he must have said something ridiculously wrong, so he tried again. ‘I didn’t mean fat like my chest, but in another way…’
‘OK, just stop, please!’ Catheray was lying on the floor with an aching stomach. ‘We all have kittens at home so we can tell. It’s subtle, so don’t worry about it!’
‘It’s true.’ Vivarin supported her friend. ‘It’s hard to explain, but trust us, it’s a baby girl.’
Soarame was shocked by the fact that his first battling magimal was actually a girl cat. He held the kitten in his arms and stared blankly for a while, then heaved a deep breath. ‘OK, at least we can name her now.’
‘Soarame, this cat may be a supportive type.’ Dileys struggled to get up from the floor. ‘Don’t you know magimals of this type are the best kind?’
‘No, I don’t. I just want to name her first.’ Soarame couldn’t wait for this part.
‘She’s your magimal, so you name her.’ Jemario looked at Soarame. Everyone nodded.
‘She’s as white as snow, so I’ll call her — Snower!’ 

SNOWER’S PRESENT


‘I think Snower is a great name, especially for a Water magimal,’ Omifo chimed in. ‘But is she?’
‘Magimal? Lineage?’ Kardiac curled his lips disapprovingly. ‘Forget that. Just take her as a pet.’ 
Hearing that, everyone went quiet. Almost everyone agreed with Kardiac — how powerful could a cat be, even if she could perform magic somehow?
At that moment, Snower suddenly meowed and glared at Kardiac angrily with her big azure eyes. She stretched out her little claws towards him, signalling a threat. However, Snower was so young that this movement was no deterrent whatsoever; on the contrary, it looked amusing and adorable.
Seeing how Snower seemed to be able to understand human language, everyone was surprised. 
‘Snower won’t be that simple. She’s not just a pet.’ Halgon, who hadn’t been really in the conversation, suddenly spoke up. ‘You guys remember how hard the hatching was, don’t you?’ 
Everyone nodded. 
‘First of all, cats don’t hatch from eggs — at least I’ve never heard of any. Have you?’ Seeing everyone shaking heads, Halgon continued. ‘So Snower definitely isn’t a cat. Besides, I once saw a high-ranking magimal egg hatching before. It’s the same process but much quicker than with Snower.’
Everyone looked at each other in surprise and marvelled at Halgon’s knowledge. ‘What magimal do you think Snower is, then?’ 
‘I don’t know.’ Halgon shrugged his shoulders. ‘But I am sure that she’s of a rare kind.’ This time Snower looked at Halgon as if she were smiling and nodding.
‘She really can understand us?’ Vivarin asked in disbelief.
‘Smarter than you, huh?’ Omifo teased.
‘What was that? Say it again?’ Vivarin turned around with a ‘Vivarin smile’. Omifo hurriedly made a face and recoiled behind Soarame.
‘I’ve heard of a kind of high-ranking magimal that looks like a cat, it’s called a dragcat,’ Dileys exclaimed. ‘Books say that they are the children of dragons and some high-ranking tiger-like magimal.’
‘Not a dragcat, although they do get born from eggs.’ Halgon shook his head. ‘A Dragcat has zebra print on its body and scales on its limbs.’
‘How do you know all this?’ Once again everyone was amazed; they threw admiring looks at Halgon. ‘What is Snower, then?’ 
Seeing everyone confused, Snower held her head high and meowed, as if she was proud of her mysterious origins.
‘Soarame, here’s a thought.’ Halgon didn’t answer the question directly. ‘A magimal can communicate with its master through telepathy, so you could ask Snower directly what she is.’
‘Oh yes!’ Soarame smacked his own head. His master taught him about this long ago but he just never had a chance to put it into practice. ‘I never tried it. How do I do it?’
‘It’s just like performing magic, only even easier,’ Halgon answered. ‘Telepathy is essentially talking using mind power, so it has an easier name — mind-talk. Just concentrate and sense the mind connection between you and Snower, then talk to her using the connection instead of your mouth!’
‘Wow, is that real?’ Everyone wanted to see what happened. 
Soarame tried and instantly learned the mind-talk trick, as it was instinctive if one had a magimal. {Snower, can you hear me?} The beauty of mind-talk was that it was independent of the voice, and therefore the communication was always private and much faster.
{I…I…meow!} Snower seemed too young to communicate yet. Soarame tried several times, but had to give up eventually. Everyone was disappointed, but the great news was that Snower would most likely do it in the future.
‘Are all magimals born with the language talent?’ Kardiac protested. ‘That’s so unfair! I spent several years learning to speak after I was born!’
‘It’s not our language, nor any human language.’ Halgon was amused by Kardiac’s reaction. ‘Mind-talk is as simple as a mind talking to another mind, passing information and thoughts regardless of any language barrier… It’s an amazing way of communicating and hard to explain, until you do it yourself.’
‘So, Snower can talk to anyone, in any language, as she grows up?’ Dileys tried to understand this.
‘No, she can only meow when she talks to anyone other than Soarame, so only Soarame can understand her even after she grows up,’ Halgon explained. ‘But as a high-ranking magimal, she can probably understand us.’
‘Oh gosh, it’s too complicated,’ Kardiac complained. ‘How do you know all this, anyway?’
‘Books. Plus, my family does some business with magimals.’ Halgon hesitated a bit but decided to tell them. ‘So I know that only high-ranking magimals can mind-talk; the lower ones can “mind-listen”, but won’t be able to talk back.’ 
A magimal dealer family! Wow, that was big. Everyone was surprised by Halgon’s background. Everybody knew that magimal dealers were usually large, noble families because they had to be powerful enough to carry out this business. Soarame recalled that his master once told him about this, that magimal dealer families must have some highly powerful wizards at their bases, because from time to time they would need to battle the wild magimals and conquer them, and maybe even tame them. According to Scankeen, most magimals were not really friends of humans — they invaded towns and villages and seized livestock as food; many times they did that to people too. Therefore, magimal dealers often showed up to protect people and carried out their business along the way; but sometimes they overdid it by invading magimals’ territories and stealing their cubs.

It was getting late, so the girls had to leave, but the investigation of Snower was by no means over. The next day, Soarame and his roommates went into the library, searching for books on magimals. 
‘Soarame, starting to explore the library already?’ Rodka’s voice sounded from nearby. ‘Interested in magimals?’
‘Yes, we are looking for a cat-like, high-ranking magimal.’ Soarame’s eyes brightened up on seeing Rodka. ‘Could you help us?’
‘Oh?’ Rodka’s eyebrow curved up. ‘You have a magimal? And it’s cat-like?’
‘Yes,’ Kardiac chimed in. ‘A strange one!’
Before anyone else had a chance to speak, Kardiac described the process of Snower’s birth. Rodka’s expression changed while listening to Kardiac’s description and his interest was caught. Even students that were just passing by and overheard Kardiac threw curious looks at the friends. Rodka helped the boys go through books for the entire day, but they found nothing. At Rodka’s request, the boys agreed to go back to their dorm to let him see Snower himself.
Getting to the dorm, Rodka’s eyes instantly locked on the small fluffy white ball that was huddling on the couch. Soarame went over to stroke Snower. ‘I tried to mind-talk with Snower, but she’s too young to do it yet.’
‘Mind-talk? Really?’ Rodka seemed really amazed. ‘She looks just like a normal kitten! But if she has the potential for mind-talk, she’s definitely not normal. Let me help you find her breed from the library I go there all the time anyway.’
‘That’s brilliant, thanks so much!’ Kardiac was feeling blessed. ‘Any time I see the books I get a headache!’
‘Hey Soarame, we are here again!’ Right then, the delightful voices of the girls sounded. This time they didn’t bother to knock, but just came into the dorm. 
‘We missed Snower!’ Dileys was calling out, but she froze halfway into the room — that familiar figure… he is… he actually is? 
Rodka? Dileys felt a rush of dizziness. How could Rodka be here? Is it an illusion? Shaking her head and rubbing her eyes, Dileys looked over again. By this time, Rodka had turned around to face Dileys, making her blush with happiness.
‘Wake up Dileys, act natural!’ Catheray whispered to Dileys and chuckled. Hearing Catheray’s words, Jemario and Vivarin also chuckled knowingly. As Dileys’ best friends, how could they not know her little secret?
Rodka said hello to the girls after being introduced by Soarame, but he only had time for a very quick chat before leaving in a hurry because of his own schedule, so Dileys didn’t have much chance to talk to him. That was a pity, but Dileys couldn’t stop a smile from forming on her lips — they were officially in a same-friend zone now.
After that, Rodka started to explore libraries all over the campus. Soarame and his friends also made various efforts, but they pretty soon got tired. They didn’t find out anything valuable about Snower, and there was really not much that they could do other than checking in books. Meanwhile, Snower behaved pretty much like an ordinary kitten — eat, sleep, poop and meow — so Soarame and his friends lost the motivation to pursue her breed. This went on for a while, until one day —
That day, the boys and girls were playing with Snower as usual, except for Dileys and Vivarin, who had gone to the library to help Rodka. Rodka was still making efforts to discover Snower’s breed, which was a perfect opportunity for Dileys to get acquainted with him; but she was too shy to go alone, so Vivarin had volunteered to accompany her.
‘Meow!’ Right then, Snower was trying to mind-talk with Soarame. Although she still couldn’t talk, she was able to send the rough meaning of her thoughts.
‘You want to go out?’ Soarame managed to catch Snower’s intention. ‘Sure, let’s do it.’
Jemario and Catheray joined the boys for a walk. The friends walked to the nearest lake and had fun there, until Snower suddenly started another round of mind-talk —
{There, there!}
‘Hey guys, Snower just learnt to talk!’ Soarame was surprised to “hear” this. ‘She said she wants to go that way!’
‘Really?’ Everyone marvelled. ‘Let’s go, then… but that way is into the lake.’
‘Snower, do you want to go swimming?’ Jemario took the kitten from Soarame’s arm, finding her claws indeed pointing at the lake.
‘Meow meow.’ Snower shook her little head. {There, there!}
‘I think she means to go around the lake to the other side,’ Soarame interpreted. So the team followed Snower’s demands out of curiosity, and walked a long way to reach the other side of the lake; however, Snower was still pointing her claw forward and meowing.
‘Guys, are you sure we should still go ahead?’ Omifo asked. ‘We don’t know that area very well.’
‘Hey, what are you worried about?’ Catheray turned up her nose at this. ‘We are on campus, it’s safe!’
Most of the team agreed with Catheray, so they went on exploring. But after walking for quite a while, Snower was still meowing to go ahead.
‘Soarame, are you sure you’re not playing with us?’ Jemario poked Soarame’s oxter. ‘We are already on the boundary of the campus!’
‘Snower, are you sure you’re not playing us?’ Soarame poked Snower’s oxter, making everyone chuckle. ‘We are already on the boundary of the campus!’
‘Meow!’ Snower was shaking her head rapidly, as if she was really anxious. {There, there!}
‘But there’s only a cliff in front of us.’ Soarame looked ahead at the sharp cliff, which was the symbol of the campus’ edge. ‘Snower, what do you actually want?’
‘Meow!’ Snower suddenly jumped out of Soarame’s arms and ran ahead alone. This astonished everyone; they all dashed forward to follow the kitten.
‘Snower, wait!’ Kardiac shouted at the top of his voice. Snower ran so fast that the team could barely keep up with her, and was never able to get any closer.
‘Oh my god, are you sure she’s just a baby?’ Seeing Snower finally stop at the bottom of the cliff, everyone was breathing heavily. Soarame rushed ahead to take the kitten back into his arms, but Snower raised her claw and waved towards the cliff —
A ray of green light emitted from Snower’s little palm, casting a circle of greenish colour onto the cliff. Everyone could see the light, so it must be a magic spell of some sort.
‘Oh my, did you see that?’ Jemario muffled a scream. ‘What did she do?’
Everyone was taken aback. They looked at each other, with their eyes wide open.
‘Guys, we should go.’ Halgon suddenly spoke up. ‘I have a bad feeling…’
‘Jigaga….’
Before Halgon had finished his words, a blast of noise erupted out of the cliff. The noise sounded so loud and ferocious that it almost knocked everyone out. At some level of consciousness, they felt a big wave of suction that held them irresistibly. The next second, they felt an overwhelming dizziness that felt similar to passing through the Libral Gate, but a lot stronger —
Pong, pong, pong, pong, pong, pong!
In a big space, completely dark, Soarame and his friends fell to the ground one after another. They got up quickly, finding themselves somehow teleported into this completely new strange place. Everyone was terrified.
‘What the heck is this?’ Kardiac cried in a shuddering voice. ‘Where are we?’ With that, he hurriedly chanted a short incantation and a tongue of flame emerged from the tip of his wand, providing them with some light. The team could now see that they were standing in a cave of some kind, facing an exit not too far ahead.
‘Snower, what did you do?’ Soarame searched around and found the little kitten, but Snower was not really able to properly communicate yet. She kept meowing rapidly, sounding anxious.
‘What did she say?’ Jemario grabbed Soarame’s arm out of fear. ‘Where are we?’
‘I don’t know. She probably doesn’t know either.’ Soarame shielded Jemario with his body. Thanks to Scankeen’s training, in this abnormal situation, Soarame exhibited a calmness that was rare to see in someone of his age. ‘We have to stay calm and find our way out, whatever this place is.’
‘Let’s call Chelonad first!’ Omifo was anxious. ‘Chelonad, we need help!’
They waited a few second, but Chelonad didn’t respond.
‘He probably can’t hear us,’ Halgon was guessing. ‘We are likely to be off the campus right now.’
‘Let me try.’ Kardiac was about to make full use of his lungs, but Halgon stopped him by covering his mouth —
‘Gulala.’ Just then, a weird noise came from somewhere.
‘What’s that?’ Heads turned in fear. 
‘Gulalalala.’ The noise sounded clearer than the last time, as if it was approaching. Every few seconds it started up again, each time closer than the last one.
‘What the heck?!’ The kids were creeped out on hearing this; the girls already starting to sob. Soarame hurriedly gathered his friends together, signalling to them to be silent. Kardiac was asked to extinguish the flame, so that the cave became dark again. Snower also stopped meowing and hid in Soarame’s robe; he could feel that she and Jemario were both shaking in his arms. At the same time, Halgon whispered to Omifo and Kardiac to take care of Catheray, then he went to the front of the team.
Strangely, when they became silent, the weird noise also stopped. The kids were trying hard to keep their breathing quiet, while looking around to get a better understanding of the environment; but this place was just too dark to provide any clues. No one dared to make any noise, so they had to touch each other for signalling, while breathing the tense air.
After a few minutes, the kids sent each other signals again to check if anyone had got anything new, but the answer seemed to be negative. Halgon thus started moving ahead, carefully. Catheray wanted to stop him, but Omifo dragged her back and signalled her to stay put. Halgon forged ahead for a few feet, but still couldn’t see anything, mainly because of the darkness in this place. Just as he was about to go further, a hand pressed on his shoulder, signalling him to stop.
Halgon looked back and could barely see Soarame, holding Jemario with one hand, grabbing him with another. Halgon leaned back to Soarame and heard him whisper. ‘It’s down there.’
Down? Halgon turned around and looked very carefully at the ground, then gasped — Soarame was right, the cave that they were in seemed to be somehow in mid-air. That was to say, it was a hole in a wall. Right then Halgon was close to the exit of the cave, so if he had gone further he might have fallen. Halgon gave a thumbs-up to Soarame — hopefully he could see it — and then moved slowly towards the exit to look out.
‘No, something is down there.’ Halgon was again stopped by Soarame, and heard his whisper. ‘It’s just beyond the exit, hanging on the wall down there!’
What?! Halgon felt a wave of goose bumps all over his body. Soarame could tell this because his special eyes saw the colour of magic elements — it was yellow, meaning Earth. Halgon had no idea of that, but his instinct told him that Soarame was probably right. So Halgon started to fall back from the exit with Soarame, but stepped on a rock and made a small noise —
‘Jigaga!’ The next second, something jumped up from outside of the cave and landed inside, roaring. The friends were all terrified; their screams echoed back and forth in the cave. Omifo had been prepared; he instantly performed Light magic and lit up his wand, so that the friends could see the thing that was coming for them —
It looked like a beetle of some sort, only the size of a buffalo.
‘Ahhh!’ The scary-looking creature made the friends scream again. ‘A monster!’
They tried to flee, but in the next second they realized that they were trapped — the cave was not deep, and the only exit was blocked by the giant beetle.
‘It’s a magimal, not a monster, so calm down.’ Halgon was in a defence pose with his wand in hand. ‘And I know that an insect-like magimal usually won’t be of a high rank, so we may be able to handle it if we stay together.’
‘Omifo, Kardiac, take care of Jemario and Snower.’ Soarame gritted his teeth and sent Jemario and Snower to the back. With his wand also in hand, Soarame was standing side by side with Halgon, confronting the giant beetle. Thanks to Scankeen, Soarame had seen lots of scary magimals from his master’s memory crystal in a most vivid way, so that he was not as panicked as his friends. However, he was amazed that Halgon was as confident as him.
‘Do you know this magimal?’ Soarame asked Halgon.
‘Not exactly, but it is probably a Darkness one.’ Halgon was observing the giant beetle.
‘It can do Earth, too,’ Soarame said with confidence. ‘So its scales must be tough.’
‘You are right! I know what it is now,’ Halgon suddenly remembered. ‘It’s a beetalbull, a level-5 magimal of Darkness and Earth. Careful; it’ll charge at us and try to knock us down.’
Halgon’s words reminded Soarame of the boar-like magimal when he was little, but that one was just a level-3, according to his master later on — that’s why it was scared off as soon as it sensed Soarame’s Lightning gift. This time, the problem would not be that easy.
‘Gulala.’ The beetalbull started to make the weird noise again and came forward towards the kids. Its mouth was opening and closing in a creepy way that freaked them out.
‘Stand upright and stretch your body!’ Halgon commanded. ‘Make yourself look big; or it may charge at any time!’
‘Ahh!’ A scream sounded from behind — Kardiac had slipped and fallen. The beetalbull was instantly attracted; it roared again and charged at the boy lying on the ground.
‘Haaww!’ At the same time, Halgon charged against the beetalbull to save his friend. However, he was too small and light and bounced off right away, falling over on his back feet away. But thanks to his effort, the beetalbull had stopped too.
‘Halg!’ Everyone was worried, but Halgon jumped up from the ground swiftly, with a shield of some kind on his left arm.
‘I’m ok! It can’t break my stone shield.’ Halgon waved his hand and walked forward again. ‘You guys check around, see if there’s another way to get out!’
‘Jigaga… Jigaga!’ Just as the team started to work on it, another roar sounded from outside the cave. Everyone paled on hearing this — there was more than one beetalbull out there, and it sounded like they were coming in!
‘Oh my god, we’re done,’ Kardiac muttered. ‘No! No, no!’
‘Don’t say that!’ Soarame yelled back at him. ‘We’ve got each other; we’ll all be fine!’
‘What can we do?’ Kardiac didn’t buy this. ‘We are all just Novices and they are all Adepts!’
‘Another one!’ Omifo suddenly screamed, as they saw another giant figure climb up to the cave and squeeze through the opening.
Soarame gnashed his teeth hard and was determined to spell his best magic — windblades. Although he was supposed to keep his secret, at this moment he had no other choice.
‘Soarame, what are you doing!’ Jemario screamed at Soarame with Snower in her arms. She saw him walking ahead towards the two beetalbulls, alone. ‘Don’t be stupid! You can’t fight them!’
‘Trust me, guys, there’s no other way.’ Soarame took a deep breath and looked back at his friends. ‘Get ready to break out with me!’
‘Let me help you!’ Halgon hurried forward with his stone shield covering his front, but Soarame gesticulated to him to stay back and went further ahead —
‘Gulala.’ Before anyone spoke again, the beetalbulls made the weird noise again and moved backwards as Soarame approached. Everyone was surprised to see this, including Soarame himself. The boy hesitated for a second, then decided to try one step more —
‘Gulala!’ Both of the beetalbulls fell back immediately, looking restless for some reason. Soarame stepped further ahead, and the beetalbulls started to roar as if they sensed a threat, and kept falling back.
‘They are afraid of you!’ Halgon’s eyes brightened up. ‘But why?’
‘I don’t know!’ Soarame was bewildered to see this sudden change. He was about to spell his windblades, but now it seemed that he didn’t have to any more. Soarame stepped forward again, and this time another beetalbull arrived at the cave, but bumped into the two retreating ones and was bounced up. The three beetalbulls were crashing against each other and making creepy noises, clearly in chaos.
‘Beetalbulls don’t have good eyes or ears, but they have excellent noses.’ Halgon suddenly spoke up. ‘There must be something on you that frightened them! What are you carrying in your robe?’
‘Snower, don’t!’ Just when everyone was thinking about this, Jemario suddenly screamed — Snower jumped from her arms and ran towards Soarame. The next second, she climbed onto Soarame’s chest and scratched him from inside the robe.
‘Oh, you mean this?’ Soarame was surprised until he understood what Snower’s action meant, and took something out from his robe —
A big, black feather.
‘Meow!’ Snower stretched out her little fluffy head from Soarame’s collar, nodding rapidly.
The feather from Volsta! Soarame was suddenly enlightened. They can smell Volsta, and Volsta is a high-ranking magimal, so they are afraid!
Thinking this, Soarame held the feather out and stretched his arm towards the beetalbulls. The three giant magimals immediately retreated several feet back; they looked too nervous to even roar any more.
‘They fear this feather!’ Soarame was certain now. He raised the black feather to his forehead and walked towards the beetalbull, making them panic and try to flee. The one on the back was the first to get squeezed out of the cave and fell off, screaming as it fell.
‘Is this real?’ Everyone marvelled at this, especially Kardiac. ‘We don’t have to die now?’
‘Shut up!’ Catheray kicked his shank. The team started to follow Soarame and moved forwards, nervous but excited.
‘Holy crap!’ The team didn’t take long to reach the exit of the cave, but when they look out their blood froze. There was a gigantic cavern in front, with countless small caves — just like the one that they stood in — all over the wall of the gigantic cavern. The cave they were in was halfway up the wall, a hundred feet from the ground, which they could barely see. There were things moving between the ground below and each small cave, and they were countless in number.
‘It’s a beetalbull nest!’ Halgon gasped at this. ‘Thank god we had the feather, otherwise…’
‘Look! They are climbing up to us!’ Jemario pointed downwards at a wave of dark figures. ‘Dozens of them!’
‘Oh no!’ Soarame had goose bumps when he saw them. ‘There’s no way back, so we need to hold it up here!’
The beetalbulls approached the team soon enough. They all sensed the threat from the feather but there were too many of them now; they seemed to be ready to join forces and launch an attack. Right then, hundreds of beetalbulls were gathered around the exit of the small cave, hanging on the wall, encircling Soarame and his friends on all sides of the exit.
‘Holy mama!’ Kardiac was about to wet his pants. ‘They are going to eat us! They are ready!’
‘Could you just shut up?!’ Catheray kicked him, tears in her eyes. Jemario was grabbing at Soarame’s robe from behind, peering at the gathering beetalbulls as time passed, looking terrified. Omifo made a desperate attempt to shine a ray of light into a beetalbull’s eyes, but it just turned its head to avoid direct contact with the ray — no miracle happened.
‘Damn it!’ Halgon muttered. He took a deep breath and seemed to be determined. ‘Guys, stand behind me. Let me do this.’
‘What? What do you want to do?’ Soarame asked.
‘We may never see each other again, but I’m glad I’m here and I met you guys.’ Halgon cracked a wan smile. ‘See you guys! Good luck!’
‘No!!’ Although Soarame wasn’t sure what Halgon was about to do, he knew it wasn’t going to be good. He instantly grabbed Halgon’s arm and tried to drag him back, only to find that this boy was surprisingly strong and he could not move him an inch. Madly anxious, Soarame had to jump in front of him to stop him from whatever he was about to do — ‘No way!!!’
With Soarame’s roaring, a ray of green light glimmered from his necklace. The light was very dim, so no one noticed it except for Snower, who was crouching right on top of it.
‘Hmm?!’ The next second, a large deep voice sounded all over the gigantic cave. ‘Are you kidding me? How did you kids get in here?’
‘Chelonad!’ The friends recognised his voice. ‘Help, please!’
‘Sure. Go through that gate behind you,’ Chelonad commanded. ‘Go!’
The kids looked back to the other end of the cave and saw a whirlpool appearing. With Soarame and Halgon covering their retreat, the team quickly backed away and stepped into the whirlpool. As that happened, the gang of beetalbulls instantly started chasing them, but Halgon managed to summon a series of stone thorns that stuck out of the wall and the ground to obstruct their way. However, a beetalbull still got Halgon’s leg and tried to take him, as Soarame was about to step into the whirlpool and leave.
‘Let go, you freak!’ Halgon was yelling aloud, but couldn’t escape from it. Just when he was desperate to practise his unknown final plan, Soarame pounced on the beetalbull, stabbing hard at it with the tail of the feather. The beetalbull was freaked out by the feather and sprang back, so Soarame grabbed Halgon and dash towards the whirlpool.
‘Your feather!’ Halgon saw the black feather knocked out of Soarame’s hand and falling on the ground, so he was thinking about fetching it; however it was too risky to do that in front of a blast of beetalbulls, and they couldn’t afford to fail. Soarame was also anxious, but he knew the timing didn’t allow him to do anything. 
Just then, a white flash emanated from Soarame’s chest, grabbed the feather and returned in a blink. The boys were both awestruck and excited to see this; they threw themselves at the whirlpool without hesitation this time.

‘Oh my god, there you are!’ On the lawn, the rest of the team had been horribly anxious, waiting until Soarame and Halgon emerged. They had been out here for a little while; the longer it took for Soarame and Halgon to appear, the more their fears had grown. ‘Are you ok? Did you get hurt?’
‘I’m fine, but Halg’s leg was hurt.’ Soarame was breathing heavily. ‘Let’s check it out now!’
‘I’m fine, don’t worry.’ Halgon was laughing, lying on the grass. ‘This is my best tour so far, ha-ha-ha!’
‘You are crazy, man!’ Kardiac was relieved to see this. ‘I thought we were dead in there!’
‘Seriously, what a day!’ Catheray was thumping her chest as if she was checking that her heart was still there. ‘If not for Soar and Halg, we would just…’
‘You kids, don’t you think you owe me an explanation?’ Chelonad’s voice sounded out. ‘Why on earth were you ever in there?’
‘It’s…’ The friends looked around at each other, not sure what to say.
‘We don’t know either, but it must be the black feather.’ Halgon sat up at this point. ‘And we were sucked in; we didn’t want to go.’
‘Show me the feather,’ Chelonad commanded. His voice sounded astonished when he saw the feather. ‘Where did you get it?’
Soarame was hesitating about what to say, but Chelonad’s voice came again. ‘It doesn’t make sense. How did you break the magic seal with a feather?’
‘We broke a magic seal? How are we able to do that?’ Halgon instantly asked. ‘We were just walking around and we didn’t do anything. What is that horrible, scary place anyway?’
‘It’s a trial site, for the teachers in school. It is not part of the campus and you were not allowed to be in there!’ Chelonad answered. ‘You do know the teachers are at least of Expert level, right? You could very well have died!’
The friends subconsciously looked at Soarame in silence; inside his robe the little wrecker was still hiding.
‘This whole thing is strange, I’ll have to check it.’ Chelonad sounded serious. ‘Now, you are dismissed, but keep all this to yourselves and stay away from this area.’
‘Sure, we will.’ Soarame stood up and brushed the dirt from his clothes. ‘Guys, let’s go.’
‘Volsta’s feather, Scankeen’s token… interesting.’ Inside the cave, Chelonad’s voice sounded low, as if he was muttering. ‘Another troublemaker apprentice? Let’s hope Scankeen has set this one on the right track…’

‘Snower, thanks so much for the “present”! You are just unbelievable.’ Back in the dorm, Soarame managed to make a joke of it all. ‘How did you do that, anyway? You actually broke the seal of an Expert trial site?’
‘Meow.’ Snower looked embarrassed for all the trouble that she had caused, and it seemed that she wanted to cry.
‘Don’t say that! She didn’t mean to.’ Jemario elbowed Soarame aside and took over the little white kitten. Snower bowed her head like she was feeling guilty.
‘Yes, we are all good, aren’t we? Let it go.’ Catheray couldn’t bear to watch Snower about to cry. ‘Plus, if not for her, I wouldn’t have had the chance to hear someone cry “Holy mama”.’
Kardiac blushed on hearing this; that was definitely not something he felt proud of.
‘Hey guys, guess what we found?’ While the friends were still chuckling, Rodka, Dileys and Vivarin had returned from the library. Seeing everyone covered in dust and ash, they asked. ‘Oh god… what did we miss?’
Kardiac was again the first one to bounce up and do the talking. Soon enough, the three had heard about the adventure; screams sounded up and down as the story went on.
‘You guys are creeping us out, but it kind of matches up!’ Rodka’s eyes brightened up after hearing everything. ‘Snower runs fast, same as the story!’
‘What story?’ The adventure team was confused.
‘We might have found a clue about Snower’s origins!’ Rodka took out a book and handed it over to Soarame. ‘It’s a wizards’ autobiography. Check it out for yourselves!’

A BIG ROACH?


One day, an Expert wizard was undertaking his trial around the Magimal Forest, a famous Magimal gathering place as well-known as Dare Valley, in the middle of Arkwald Empire. During his trial, he heard a torrent of frightening fighting noises coming from the inner area of the forest. Being confident in his magic power, he sneaked into the forest and saw a tiny, snow-white magimal fighting against three adult Blood-eyed Bristled Lions.
This discovery astonished the wizard because it was way out of the ordinary. After all, Blood-eyed Bristled Lions were Baron-level magimals, which was equivalent to the Master-level for wizards. What kind of magimal could fight against three of them alone? The old wizard held his breath and observed attentively; it was clear this mysterious magimal was at least a Baron too, and the battle was so fierce that he dared not get closer. The speed of the two parties was ridiculously fast, and the wizard couldn’t even see the snow-white magimal clearly, but only could make out that it was cat-like. This discovery surprised him greatly; he had never heard of the existence of a cat-like magimal as powerful as this. Taking another look, the wizard found the mysterious cat-like magimal seemed to be hurt, with blood covering its rear legs. 
Driven by strong curiosity, the wizard bravely inched closer to the fight and surprisingly found an ivory-white egg. The egg was covered in fresh spots of blood. The intense vitality aura emitted from the egg convinced the old wizard that the egg was newly laid, presumably by the cat-like magimal.
Although wondering how a cat could lay an egg, his years of magic experiences made him quite sure that the two had the same vitality aura — they must be mother and child. The magimal was in a weak state after giving birth and had then encountered three Blood-eyed Bristled Lions that she had had to fight. These Baron-level lions were known to live alone, so it was unusual that they would form a team. It could be no coincidence that, right after the cat-like magimal laid an egg, three lions assembled and attempted to fight her! Something was wrong.
Thinking quickly, the wizard started to get the whole picture: the lions had plotted to kill the cat-like magimal right after her delivery because that was when she was weakest. Yet they still needed to attack together. The reward for this gamble was of course that they could eat the magimal and her egg — most magimals boosted their power this way, especially when they got to eat high-level magimals. So, this planned attack was most likely aimed at eating the mother and child to allow these gangsters to level up!
Coming to this conclusion, the wizard was enraged. He could not just stand aside and watch a mother give up her life to protect her child. Hence, he burst out with his most powerful magic and attacked the lions, risking his own life. One lion was dead after the battle, while the other two ran away, wounded. The wizard was also badly injured, and the cat-like magimal was completely exhausted and collapsed. Before her death, she asked the wizard to take her body and the egg with him, and so he did. Fortunately, the wizard managed to find his way out though he barely survived. However, he realized that he still didn’t know anything about the cat-like magimal, whose body he carried with him.
Days passed after that scary battle, and the body began to decay before the wizard was able to figure anything out about the magimal’s breed. He decided to name her Giantail Cat, because the most remarkable thing about the magimal was how huge her tail was compared to the rest of her body. The wizard chose not to publish his experience and the existence of the Giantail Cat anywhere other than in this biography; he knew he would die soon too because of his injuries and would not be able to protect this treasure against a lot of ambitious and powerful people out there. As an experienced wizard, he knew those people would try every possible way to seize the body and the egg. 
 Strangely, the tail of the Giantail Cat didn’t decay like other parts of the body. The wizard also knew that a high-ranking magimal always develops a soulcore inside its skull, which wouldn’t decay either. The wizard took out the soulcore of the Giantail Cat before he buried the body, and separately gave the soulcore and the tail to his two disciples. As for the most precious item, the magimal egg, he decided to give it to a righteous young warrior who had risked his life to assassinate a vicious wizard. 

The story about the Giantail Cat ended there, and the rest of the autobiography was irrelevant. Holding this thin book, a tearful Soarame felt it was as heavy as a mountain. What the biography embodied was two kinds of great emotions that were worthy of being valued and worshipped — motherly love and righteousness.
Silently wiping away their tears, the group finally realised that if the Giantail Cat was really Snower’s mother, Snower’s origins were much more heart-rending than they had imagined. What’s surprising was that every feature of the Giantail Cat the wizard described sounded like Snower, and perhaps the egg was the very one that Snower had hatched from. However, the only difference was Snower’s tail.
Everyone looked over at the little fluffy kitten, passing over her watchful blue eyes to her round little tail.
‘Giantail Cat? Snower is clearly a bunny-tail cat!’ Kardiac grinned.
‘Yeah, it’s very different,’ Catheray agreed. ‘Maybe that wasn’t Snower’s mother?’
‘I think that it was,’ Rodka disagreed. ‘High-ranking cat-like magimals are very rare, especially the egg-born. If Snower wasn’t right here in front of us, I won’t even believe this story. Now you tell me they are not mother and baby? No, they must be connected.’
‘That makes sense,’ Halgon agreed with Rodka. ‘Except for the tail, they totally match up. As for the tail, it can grow — all kittens have bunny tails, we know that.’ 
Everyone nodded, although there was no solid evidence. 
‘Who’s the author, anyway?’ Jemario’s eyes were red with tears. ‘He was a great man.’
‘I’ve looked that up, but the author didn’t mention his own name at all. He was probably a hermit,’ Rodka said heavily. ‘And I think he did this so that no one knows where the egg, tail and soulcore are, so that he can protect them.’
What a great man! He certainly knew that he gave up the opportunity for his name to be carved in the history! Everyone sobbed. Snower widened her eyes, looked at everyone in mild confusion, and meowed now and then. Looking at Snower, Soarame’s heart was full of tenderness. This poor baby certainly had no idea about how hard it had been for her to get this far — if the egg in the story was really hers.
‘If Snower really is the baby Giantail Cat, Sachastain actually sent me a miracle!’ Soarame muttered to himself. Wait a minute… how did Sachastain get this egg? Raising his head, Soarame found everyone looking at him in a strange way; they must have all come to the same conclusion. 
‘Are you guys thinking that Sachastain is the young warrior in the book?’ Soarame asked and nodded. ‘Sachastain is indeed a warrior, but if that was really him, he must have assassinated a vicious wizard before… I will go and ask him tomorrow.’ 
‘Yay! If Sachastain really is the one, he must know the author and everything. Then we have all the answers!’ Omifo’s words cheered everyone up.
‘That’s a good idea. But whatever we do, we need to keep it secret from now on.’ Rodka looked around at the others and said seriously. ‘This whole story about the biography and Snower should go no further than Sachastain.’
‘But… I’ve already told all my friends about Snower, and they have visited us to see Snower before!’ Catheray was worried. ‘God… what shall we do now?’
‘Why did you do that?’ Kardiac barked. ‘Can you keep any secret at all?’
‘Shut up! You told even more people!’ Catheray stepped on Kardiac’s feet, making him cry. ‘You even boasted that Snower was a Baron-level magimal! Thanks to you, now it has become true!’
‘Did you really… Kardy?’ The friends stared at Kardiac. ‘How did you even think of a Baron?’
‘Enough. Everyone knows Kardy bluffs, so we should be fine. Rodka propped his forehead for the “Kardy headache” again. ‘The good thing is that they didn’t know about the biography. So from now on, we all need to keep our mouths shut. If we spread the word, we are actually risking the safety of Snower and even Soarame. Think about it, why would the author of the biography protect the egg in that way?’
‘Is it that bad?’ Vivarin couldn’t help asking. ‘This is the Institute of Libral!’
‘Of course it’s bad. Girls talk and crap happens,’ Omifo answered. ‘Err… I mean people talk and… Ahh!’ 
‘How about the teachers and professors, then? Can we tell them?’ Seeing Vivarin pinch Omifo’s hip, Dileys asked in amusement. ‘Our friends already knew about Snower anyway.’
‘From now on, tell everyone that Snower is just a kitten. But I suppose we can tell the professors; maybe they can help us.’ Rodka pondered a bit and came up with this. ‘They may even know about Snower’s magimal type already — I’ll go and check with Mr. Dean tomorrow.’
Just like that, the plan was set up and the crew was dismissed. Strangely, Halgon was against checking with the professors, but he didn’t insist; so Rodka would talk to Dean Romboton the next day. Soarame tried to sleep, but tossed and turned all night, watching little Snower sleep with her cute, tiny snore.
I’ll protect you, Snower. Soarame looked at the sleeping baby and swore in his heart. Snower’s birth story sounded similar to his own; both had only a vague clue about their parents but nothing more. Soarame had thought so much about what had happened to his family and how to trace them, but he had no useful ideas as yet. So this time, he began to think about Snower’s family instead. Just a few hours before, Snower had been able to discover the beetalbulls’ nest from miles away and somehow threw everyone into it — how did she do that? What magic was she capable of? 
Soarame couldn’t get an answer just by thinking and guessing, of course. So once the sun rose, Soarame jumped right out of bed and went to see Sachastain.
Thanks to Chelonad’s guidance, Soarame quickly arrived at Sachastain’s house. Walking towards the door, Soarame was hesitant about how to start the conversation, but the next second, the door suddenly opened, before he even knocked.
‘Ahh, Soarame! It’s you.’ Sachastain came out from his house. ‘Is this about the magimal egg?’
‘How did you know I was coming?’ Soarame was surprised.
‘Well, when you grow up you will also learn these tricks,’ Sachastain smiled. As a high-level warrior, he was certainly able to sense people approaching. ‘The hatching is difficult, isn’t it?’
‘Yeah, it was pretty hard, but I made it.’
‘No kidding? That was quick.’ Sachastain let Soarame come into his room and locked the door. ‘I thought it was going to take a few more weeks.’
‘Because it’s a Giantail Cat?’ Soarame looked Sachastain directly in the eyes. ‘I really love what you did, by the way!’
‘What Giantail Cat? What are you talking about?’ Sachastain looked confused. After Soarame spent time telling the story, Sachastain frowned. ‘There’s such a biography in the library?’
‘So, that mysterious warrior is you, right?’ Although Soarame was disappointed to see that Sachastain seemed to know nothing about this story, he still gave it one last try.
‘No, your story sounds like an old tale!’ Sachastain laughed. ‘I got this magimal egg from an auction. It was sold as the egg of a piebald python, and it should have given birth to a baby python! Now, you tell me it’s a cat? You ever heard of a cat being born out of an egg?’ 
‘But it’s really a cat… although born out of an egg! Why don’t you go and see it if you don’t believe me?’
‘No, no, that’s not what I mean.’ Sachastain patted Soarame’s shoulder. ‘I trust you, but how could a cat be born from a python’s egg?’
‘I don’t know!’ Soarame was so frustrated that Sachastain was asking exactly the same question he was. Not willing to give up like this, Soarame kept asking Sachastain questions and they talked for quite a while. But in the end, the boy was left very disappointed; Sachastain knew nothing more than what they had already concluded. 
‘Why did you buy a magimal egg anyway? You are not a wizard, are you?’ Soarame suddenly asked.
‘No, but I wish I was, so I bought one for myself to hatch.’ Sachastain laughed. ‘Gotcha. It was meant to be a gift for a friend’s son, who was supposed to be a wizard just like you, but he failed the test.’
‘Oh, I’m sorry to hear that.’
‘No, no, as long as you don’t mind that this egg was meant for someone else,’ Sachastain smiled. ‘By the way, you are not trying to skip class, are you? As a staff member of the school, I’m obliged to report this kind of matter.’
‘Oh, crap!’ Hearing that, Soarame had to rush away. He had almost forgotten about his class today. As the only boy in the class, it would be a dream to count on the teacher not noticing his absence. Soarame called Chelonad while he was rushing to class. ‘Chelonad, highlight the shortcut to the Water department on my emblem, please!’
‘There's no shortcut, Soarame. Just the ordinary way that you go every day,’ Chelonad replied. ‘And don’t worry, you are already late and they have already noticed your absence.’
‘Thanks Chelonad, that’s really helpful,’ Soarame said bitterly.
‘Sure, any time.’ Chelonad’s voice sounded suspiciously like a snigger.
Meanwhile, Sachastain was watching Soarame running away. He seemed to be relieving a long breath, and his expression became thoughtful. ‘Alas, kids are a lot harder to deal with nowadays…’

Meanwhile, in Dean Romboton’s office, Rodka tried his best to describe what he knew. The Dean was patient enough to wait until Rodka finished, then raised his head. ‘Did you see it yourself?’
‘I did see Snower, professor,’ Rodka answered. ‘It’s right in Soarame’s dorm.’
‘No, I’m talking about the process of the kitten being born.’ Dean Romboton waved his hands.
‘That… I did not.’ Rodka instantly understood what the Dean meant. ‘But they are not lying, I can tell.’
‘Well, I’m not saying they were lying, but you need to be more prepared before you come to me.’ Dean Romboton sat back into his chair. ‘At least you need to see with your own eyes what you have told me, or leave me to deal with my other duties, you see?’ 

‘I’m sorry, sir,’ Rodka said hurriedly. ‘Let me make sure everything is as I told you. Would you be interested in seeing Snower yourself?’
‘No, I’m sorry. Not interested.’ Dean Romboton paused. ‘By the way Rodka, when do you plan to graduate?’
‘Err… Excuse me, sir?’ Rodka was unprepared for this sudden change of topic.
‘Well, to be honest, I don’t care about a cat or a dog or whatever, I only want you to leave this trivial stuff alone and graduate as soon as possible. Plus, look at these; I don’t think I have time for a cat.’ Dean Romboton lifted his glass and pointed to the stacks of documents on his table. ‘The best way for a wizard to become stronger is to keep practising magic. Even if you had a powerful magimal, that’s still not your intrinsic power; so I suggest you concentrate on magic, not magimals.’
‘But sir, aren’t magimals also a part of a wizard’s power?’ Rodka asked. ‘I remember when I first got here, I was told that magimals are important helpers to wizards…’
‘Yes and no,’ Dean Romboton interrupted Rodka. ‘Very importantly, that’s for normal wizards, not you. You have a chance to become the most powerful wizard in the world! I don’t believe a kitten, however rare she may or may not be, is qualified to match you once you fully reach your potential. So save your time on this and keep improving yourself, and leave the magimal thing alone.’
‘This magimal is not mine, it’s Soarame’s…’ Rodka tried to explain, but got cut off again.
‘Even more reason for you to leave it. This topic is finished. You are dismissed.’ Dean Romboton was impatient. ‘Don’t go and bother Dean Akex either. He’s busy, too.’
Watching Rodka leave, Dean Romboton shook his head. The Dean was very unhappy and disappointed. He had told Rodka before that it was crucial for a wizard to be out there and experiencing the real world, rather than staying in school for longer than he should. Although this was the Institute of Libral, it was still a small corner of the entire world out there.
A rare magimal? How rare could a Grade 2 student get? When a wizard became a Master, he could get as many rare magimals as he wanted. Dean Romboton shook his head once more before he dived back into the paperwork.

That evening, everyone was in Soarame’s dorm. 
‘How come it’s not Sachastain? What can we do, then?’ After receiving the update, everyone was anxious. ‘And the Dean doesn’t believe us? Should we try another professor?’
‘Don’t bother,’ Halgon cut in. ‘They won’t believe us either. I think we should find out who put the biography into the library.’
‘I already asked about it, but the librarians refused to tell me.’ Rodka was frustrated. ‘Or maybe they didn’t know and no one knows. So, we have no choice but to find it out by ourselves.’
‘But how?’ The friends asked.
‘I don’t know if there’s a better way, but we can try this.’ Rodka pondered for a little while. ‘We take the book out.’
‘You already did.’ Soarame raised up the biography in hand. ‘It’s right here.’
‘No, I mean off the campus.’ Rodka looked at Soarame. ‘There are some big magishops in Cylone City, much bigger than those on campus, and they have a lot more to offer. The shopkeepers are usually good at identifying magigears and other items, and determining their origins. In this way, we don’t worry about who put the book into our library, but instead we find the author of the biography — our magishops on campus have already come up short on that.’
‘That’s great! Let’s do it!’ Vivarin cheered.
‘But how do we take it off campus?’ Omifo asked. ‘I heard that anything belonging to the school would be detected once it passes the gate and the alarm would sound.’
‘Oh no!’ Vivarin wrinkled her nose unpleasantly, disappointed. Omifo was surprised to see a different side to this brash girl, with her naughtily cute, wrinkled nose. 
‘That’s why we need to work together to disarm it.’ Rodka lowered his voice. ‘Do you know why the alarm will sound?’
‘It’s because there’s a magic seal on everything that belongs to the school,’ Halgon answered while the others were shaking their heads. ‘So you want to break the seal on this book?’
‘You got it!’ Rodka was delighted. ‘I can’t do it myself, we need to work together — the magic seal set by the school must be of Expert level, but I’m only capable of Grade 6, so we need to join forces.’
‘You are a Grade-6 now?’ Dileys exclaimed. Rodka was supposed to be a Grade-5, as everyone expected.
‘Only for my Fire and Light, but not Wind. And I haven’t tested for any of them yet, so I still appear as a Grade-5.’ Rodka certainly felt proud. He had been keeping this to himself, so that he could grade up his three lineages altogether — that would definitely amaze everyone. ‘So, my mind power is of Grade 6, and that’s all that matters to break a magic seal.’
‘Great, let’s do it now!’ Kardiac jumped up. ‘Just inject our mind power altogether into the seal to attack it, right?’
‘Hold on, the library still has my borrowing record on it.’ Rodka looked around. ‘Otherwise we could have asked Snower to do it — she can even break the seal of an Expert trial site!’
‘What borrowing record?’ Catheray asked.
‘Don’t you know the process of borrowing a book from the library? You’ve never actually borrowed a book?’ Rodka asked in reply. ‘When going in and out of the library, you need to inject your mind power into the crystal ball at the gate of the library, like giving your mind-print, so that the magic barrier on the gate lets you pass. Books have magic seals, so they can’t be taken out just like that. If you want to take a book out, you need to inject your mind power into the book while passing the barrier, or else you will be blocked. The crystal ball records the combination of your mind power and book as you go through and keep the record until you return it.’
‘So if you return the biography, does the crystal ball still keep any memory about you?’ Halgon asked an important question.
‘That’s actually my worry.’ Rodka looked at Halgon. ‘But I can’t come up with a better idea; so unless you guys do, I’m afraid we will have to gamble on it.’
‘OK, the good thing is that they probably won’t realise the book is gone.’ Halgon pondered for a while. ‘Even if they do and find your record, it will show that you already returned it. So no one can prove that you broke the seal and took the book out after returning it.’
‘You already figured out the plan?’ Rodka laughed with happy surprise. 
‘Wait a minute,’ Jemario said. ‘You guys must be insane — we are going to steal things?’
‘No, we are trying to protect Snower by hiding the biography away from the public.’ Dileys looked at Soarame and Rodka. ‘Is that right?’
‘Absolutely.’ Rodka was grateful to hear that. ‘So, does everyone agree on this plan? Any objections?’
‘Is there any other way to take a book out of campus?’ Omifo asked. ‘We should check it out before we gamble in the library. There are lots of people there.’
‘I already did. The only other way is the Dean’s permission.’ Rodka shook his head. ‘But he already told me to leave it alone, so I can’t let him know about this.’
‘OK, so we will have to risk it in the library then. But how exactly?’ Dileys asked. ‘And what if we fail and get caught?’
‘Good question. We need to have a plan.’ Rodka lowered his voice. ‘Maybe we could do this...’

The next day at the library, the entire crew gathered to carry out the plan — full of excitement and nervousness. Today, they were going to break a magic seal that was of a much higher level than their powers, and no one actually knew what exactly the level was.
It was by no means a perfect plan. However, the crew was young and brave enough to gamble on what they wanted. Everyone was nervous and sweating, but they tried to calm down and pretend to be chatting casually. According to the plan, all would contribute their mind power for the seal breaking, but Kardiac and Omifo would also act as lookouts for the team; they felt that they didn’t do enough in the beetalbull battle and wanted to compensate. This was actually a good plan, especially as Kardiac’s thundering voice would succeed in attracting people’s attention, and also cover the team’s retreat if need be. 
‘Rodka, what does this symbol mean?’ Soarame held up a large book, Dictionary of Magic Arrays, while holding the biography under his elbow. Hearing Soarame’s code word, everyone instantly went into action and simultaneously injected their mind power into the biography. Kardiac was the first to exhaust his power, so he left the team, walked to the bookshelves and carried the books back and forth, making all kinds of noise. Noticing that the friends were getting attention from their surroundings, Kardiac started yelling right away. ‘Hey, could someone help me get that book on the top shelf, please? Anyone?’
Omifo was the next one to exhaust his power, and went on to his next task too — he chatted up a pretty girl and deliberately led her up and down the corridor, engaging with some other students as well. A few minutes later, Omifo was able to get everyone gather around and talk to each other. 
‘Rodka, how far are we?’ Soarame asked. He had been sparing no efforts and was already on the verge of draining of his power. 
‘I don’t know. I was hoping this to be easier.’ Rodka was also feeling anxious. 
‘Hang on, we are almost there!’ Halgon’s answer surprised Rodka, but he had no time to think about how Halgon could know this. Rodka steeled his heart and allowed himself to trust Halgon blindly, gathered up all his mind power, and focused it on the seal of the biography.
The four girls had drained their power too, so they followed Omifo’s method and went to chat up boys. This really worked out well; most boys’ attention was captured by the girl scouts. Omifo also led his group to join the conversation, so that the entire library was involved. 
‘Pop!’ With a mild noise, just like a soap bubble bursting, the seal was finally broken. The three boys were all exhausted, but they gazed at each other in wonderment — they’d done it! 
However, this happy moment was very brief — the crystal ball at the gate suddenly lit up with a glaring red light. Following that, all the walls in the reading room burst into a harsh buzzing — the alarm had been triggered!
‘Oh, my!’ Immediately after that, a scream sounded beside a shelf. ‘Roach! A big roach!’ It was from Kardiac; he hadn’t forgotten to carry out his mission.
Soarame, Rodka and Halgon looked at each other, eyes full of deep remorse. They had broken the seal, but something had gone wrong to trigger the alarm. Having no other choice, Soarame threw the biography into the corner of a shelf and left hurriedly. They split up and made their way back to Soarame’s dorm, except that Omifo stayed to accompany Kardiac, according to the plan.
‘What’s wrong? Failed?’ As soon as they got back to the dorm, the girls asked eagerly.
‘I don’t know! The seal was broken, but the alarm was triggered.’ Rodka was quite upset.
‘It’s weird. If the seal was gone it shouldn’t trigger any alarm.’ Halgon was confused too. 
The group was silent. For now, they had to wait for Kardiac and Omifo to return. However, ten minutes passed and the two still hadn’t come back. 
Half an hour passed, but there was still no sign of them.
‘Give them some time. After all, the alarm was triggered, there must be some investigation and it takes time.’ Jemario tried to comfort the sweat-soaked boys. It wasn’t wise for them to return to the site right now. 
An hour passed, yet the two boys still hadn’t shown up.
‘This isn’t right!’ Rodka couldn’t bear it any more. He took the lead and rushed out, blaming himself for getting Kardiac and Omifo in trouble. Everyone then rushed out after Rodka towards the library.

****

An hour earlier, the librarian on duty was surveying the library because of the alarm. 
‘What happened?’ Dean Akex, the Vice Dean of Stanfaul College, happened to be around.
‘I don't know, sir. Everything looks normal,’ the librarian answered. ‘I’ve shut the library so that nothing gets lost.’ 
Dean Akex frowned. The alarm had never been triggered before, at least not during his residency here. 
Here it is. Soon enough, Dean Akex figured out the reason for the alarm — the crystal ball showed an alert message that was sent from a biography. Grabbing the biography from the corner of a shelf, Dean Akex was confused. It seemed all fine, nothing appeared to be unusual.
Oh wait… the magic seal on the book is gone? Dean Akex suddenly realized the strangeness of the situation. Someone tried to steal it? He quickly browsed the book but became even more confused. Why not just borrow it? And why this specific book? It’s not even that valuable! 
This must be a trick from a troublemaker. Dean Akex took the biography to the crystal ball and let them cross check each other, but nothing showed up because of the broken seal. So he had to check the previous borrowing record on the book —
What? Rodka? Dean Akex was surprised to see Rodka's face emerge from the crystal ball. No, it can’t be true. Rodka wouldn’t do this. But he seems to be the only recent borrower. The Vice Dean tried to suppress his surprise, but just could not. To break the seal, the person would have to be either a teacher or a really powerful student. Rodka… would he really?
While Dean Akex was checking the book, Omifo was busying himself in another book, pretending to read yet peeking towards the Vice Dean now and then. Omifo didn’t know how silly this action was — he was not aware that Dean Akex could easily sense this, with the capacity of a high level wizard. 
This boy had something to do with it? Dean Akex looked calm, but inside he couldn’t be more confused. He’s only a Novice, what the heck is going on here? With so many questions in mind, Dean Akex walked toward Omifo to gauge his reaction. Omifo immediately realised there was something wrong, and his breathing quickened. 
‘Ouch!’ Just as Dean Akex walked across the library, somebody knocked into him and made him reel a few paces to get his balance again. Dean Akex looked down and found a little fellow on the ground, who busied himself in apologising. ‘I’m sorry sir, I slipped!’
Dean Akex made to leave, but he suddenly caught sight of this boy glimpsing at where Omifo was sitting. An accomplice? One distracts me so that the other can run away? 
‘You, come here a moment.’ Dean Akex summoned a student nearby, pointing at Kardiac. ‘When the alarm was triggered, what was he doing?’ 
‘Him?’ The student glanced at Kardiac, confused. ‘If I remember correctly, he kept yelling about a roach on the shelf.’
‘Oh? Is that so?’ Dean Akex looked at Kardiac and pointed at Omifo. ‘Bring your friend over there and follow me, we need to talk.’
Holy crap! Hearing this, Omifo had to turn around to see Kardiac. Anxious and helpless, they had no choice but to follow Dean Akex to his office.
‘Let’s run away!’ Kardiac whispered in Omifo’s ear as they were walking. 
Omifo rolled his eyes. ‘How?’
‘I don’t know, let’s just run!’ This was typically Kardiac’s style, apparently.
‘It’s ok, you can speak even louder.’ Dean Akex had overheard their whisper clearly. As a professor in magic, he was much more sensitive to everything than normal people, including but not limited to sound — he could even sense the boys’ heartbeats. Even if Kardiac and Omifo didn’t talk, he could still sense their rough intention through the fluctuation of their mind power. 
Reaching the office, Dean Akex didn’t want to waste time. ‘Tell me your reasons please, gentlemen.’
‘Sorry sir, there’s no reason. I tried to test my power by playing tricks on the book.’ Omifo spoke up immediately.
‘God, please!’ Dean Akex rolled his eyes. ‘You are only in Grade 2!’ 
‘Sorry, I was being stupid.’ Omifo looked directly at Dean Akex, ignoring Kardiac’s anxiousness.
‘Stupid? If someone broke an Expert seal as a Grade-2, I wouldn’t call him stupid,’ Dean Akex teased Omifo.
‘The seal was broken?’ Omifo and Kardiac were both stunned.
‘A roach?’ Dean Akex ignored Omifo and turned to Kardiac. Looking at the boy’s chubby appearance, Dean Akex couldn’t help feeling amused at his comical face. ‘When the alarm was triggered, you claimed there was a roach on the shelf?’
‘Yes! A huge one!’ Kardiac yapped.
‘Gee, what a pair of lungs. No wonder they picked you to be the cover.’ Dean Akex stroked his chin. ‘But why a roach? Wouldn’t a snake be better?’
‘How is that possible? A snake wouldn’t appear in a library.’ Kardiac widened his ox-like eyes in earnest.
‘Of course, you are right. But you know why?’ Dean Akex laid back into his chair. ‘Every building in the school is protected by a magic barrier, to prevent insects and wild animals from getting inside. It’s supposed to be common sense, but obviously there’s one student that doesn’t know this; hopefully the only one on this campus.’
‘No way, everyone was scared about the roach!’ Kardiac protested. ‘I’m certainly not the only dumb one!’
‘Well, that would be a new low, but sadly you didn’t reach it.’ Dean Akex laughed. ‘Everyone knows it, trust me. But for some reason, there is always someone claiming to see mysterious roaches or spiders showing up here and there, especially when a boy and a girl were sitting close to each other. I’ve roughly counted that the frequency is about… once a week?’
‘What?’ Kardiac refused to believe this. ‘No way!’
‘That only proves that you haven’t been working hard.’ Dean Akex shook his head. ‘If you went to the library more often, you would have known about this. Alright, I didn’t mean to embarrass you.’ Dean Akex waved his hand after a brief pause. ‘Now, let’s get back to the topic — who else was in this, and why?’

At this same moment, the rest of the crew was urgently in search of their friends.
‘They are not here any more. They were taken by the Vice Dean.’ When the rest of the group arrived at the library, Rodka had already come out of it. ‘I’m going to pay a visit. You guys wait in the dorm, ok?’ 
‘I’m going too!’ Soarame said at once. ‘We did this for my magimal!’
‘I’m not staying behind like a coward,’ Halgon spoke up. ‘So I’m going too.’
‘Same with us!’ The girls said together, unwilling to be left behind.
‘No way! You all go back…now!’ Rodka thundered, but his heart was warmed.
‘Snower is my magimal! You think you can leave me out of this?’ Soarame stared at Rodka.
‘OK, you can go with me.’ Rodka couldn’t deny Soarame. ‘But the rest of you must stay out of this.’
Halgon didn’t buy that at all. ‘In case you’ve forgotten, I’m the one in the same dorm with Kardy, Omi and Soar — not you. So why don’t you stay out of this and let me take care of it? Or do you want my friends to think I’m a traitor?’
‘Damn it… ok, you are in too.’ Rodka was choked up. ‘But you girls don’t…’
‘Shut up, boy!’ Vivarin went over to Rodka and covered his mouth with her hand. ‘I say I go, so I go!’
‘We did it together, so I’m not going to pretend that I wasn’t a part of it.’ Dileys looked into Rodka’s eyes.
‘I won’t leave my friends.’ Jemario glanced at Soarame.
‘I’m just too bored, so let’s go!’ Catheray pushed Rodka towards the Vice Dean’s office.

‘Sir, as I said, I did it.’ Back in Dean Akex’s office, Omifo was not going to turn in his friends. ‘And as I said, there’s no one else. I was just playing around and having fun.’ 
‘OK, Omifo, show me how you did it then.’ Dean Akex gave Omifo a book. ‘Show me how to break an Expert seal with your Gade-2 mind power.’
‘Are you sure it’s broken?’ Omifo couldn’t get over this. ‘If it’s broken, why would the alarm sound?’
‘Ahh, this is your problem?’ Dean Akex crossed his legs, lying in the chair. ‘Boy, it’s called magic.’
Omifo was speechless; it was magic indeed.
‘OK, do me a favour please.’ Watching Omifo, Dean Akex shook his head. ‘Why don’t you call Rodka in, to save us some time? He must be looking for you two.’
‘What? Rodka?’ Omifo was in shock, but he still tried to cover it. ‘I don’t know what you talking about…’
‘It’s ok, Omi.’ Rodka, along with the others, came into Dean Akex’s office. ‘Mr. Vice Dean, we are all here!’

FLEDGLINGS TOURNAMENT


‘Her name is Snower?’ After Rodka had told the entire story, Dean Akex was totally surprised. Looking at the white kitten in front of him, he immediately recalled this part in the biography. ‘You think this is the Giantail Cat baby? But the Dean disagreed?’
‘Yes, we all believe so.’ Rodka took a deep breath. ‘And we have to do this to protect her.’
‘Hmm…’ Dean Akex stood up and walked around, pondering. The friends were watching the Vice Dean nervously until he finally spoke again. ‘OK, regardless of your being right or wrong on your belief, I forgive you for this.’
‘Really!’ Everyone instantly cheered up. Rodka tried to say. ‘Sir, about the Dean…’
‘Alas. Dean Romboton has a cold face, but he has a warm heart. He meant well for you and he did have a point,’ Dean Akex sighed. ‘Never mind, I’ll keep this little secret for you, but I can’t tell if Snower is a particularly rare breed right now.’ 
The friends had to agree. Snower did look like a normal kitten at this point; nothing unique or special had happened since she was born. If not for the extraordinary scene during Snower’s birth and the trouble she made with beetalbulls, even the friends wouldn’t believe she was unusual. 
‘Sir, if I may…’ Soarame stepped forward. ‘Do you know who put this biography into the library?’ 
‘I’m sorry, Soarame, I don’t.’ Dean Akex shook his head. ‘It was probably myself, if not a random librarian. I have been in charge of the library for years. That said, I didn’t pay attention to this biography, so I’m not sure if it was really me; and it’s impossible to find out who exactly was responsible. So I think you are actually risking everything without getting anything in return.’
‘I see.’ Soarame and Rodka looked at each other. ‘Thank you sir, so much.’
‘You are welcome. But I can’t let you take the book out if I’m going to keep the secret for you. I don’t want you to make more trouble out of it.’ Dean Akex gave Snower back to Soarame. ‘So, what’s your next plan?’
‘We don’t know yet.’ Soarame looked around at his friends. ‘We will see how it goes.’
‘OK, good luck then. You are dismissed… except for Rodka.’ Dean Akex gestured the crew to leave. ‘Don’t worry, Rodka will be fine and he will join you soon enough.’
‘Yes sir, what’s the matter?’ Rodka asked after the group had left.
‘The same question as Dean Romboton’s.’ Dean Akex closed the door. ‘When are you graduating?’
‘Err… I don’t know yet.’ Rodka shrugged his shoulders. ‘After I level up to Grade 6, why?’
‘Come on, boy.’ Dean Akex looked at Rodka. ‘If there’s a second person likely to know your real power has reached Grade 6 already, that person is me.’
‘Well, I’m sorry but there’s already a second person.’ Dean Akex was Rodka’s primary teacher and they were pretty familiar with one another, so Rodka could have a casual conversation with this Vice Dean in private.
‘OK, the third person, then.’ Dean Akex sat back into the chair. ‘Happy now?’
‘No sir, there’s already a third person too.’ Rodka chuckled. ‘I’m sorry.’
‘OK, you give me a number!’ Dean Akex was amused.
‘Err… including me, there have been nine.’ Rodka scratched the back of his head. ‘You’ve just seen them.’
‘So, I’ll be the tenth…’ Dean Akex paused and stared at Rodka. ‘What? Ten? Double digits? I’m the one that taught you everything and I’m the tenth person to know your secret?’
‘Well…’ Rodka was embarrassed, although he knew that Dean Akex was teasing him.
‘Hmm. As a punishment, you must graduate tomorrow.’ Dean Akex tapped the table with his index finger.
‘I promise you, once Snower’s story has made some progress, I will graduate right away,’ Rodka chuckled. ‘How about that, sir?’
‘So be it. Let’s make it formal, ok?’ Dean Akex also chuckled. ‘Rodka, the Dean was actually right on this — the school is just the beginning of the story. You should go and explore the outer world, the sooner the better.’
‘Yes sir, I totally agree,’ Rodka nodded. ‘I was planning to graduate soon anyway, but thank you very much for the offer.’
‘You kid…’ Dean Akex was amused. ‘So you actually took advantage of our deal?’
‘No, I’m trying to pursue the truth and help people; not to mention that these people are actually my friends.’ Rodka became more serious. ‘As a wizard, this is more important than graduation, don’t you think?’
‘Yes it is. Wizards help people and protect lives.’ Dean Akex certainly appreciated this. ‘OK, you are free to go, but again the biography stays with me. I’m sorry, but I’m worried that if I let you take it, things would become even worse. And I suggest you guys stop talking about this at all.’
‘We will.’ Rodka saluted. ‘And I promise you, I will graduate once we get any further about Snower.’ 

‘The Vice Dean is really nice!’ Back in Soarame’s dorm, the girls were chatting. ‘I only wish he’d let us have the book.’
‘He’s nice? Humph, you guys didn’t see his face when only Omi and I were there!’ Kardiac curled his lips. ‘He can be tough, even scary!’
‘The beetalbulls and the Vice Dean, you choose,’ Catheray teased Kardiac; for some reason she found teasing this boy fun. ‘Kidding. You and Omi did really great this time!’
‘Only we still failed the task. Stealing is out, so what are we going to do next?’ Omifo asked, glancing at Vivarin. ‘Kidnapping?’
‘Are you looking at me?’ Vivarin jumped up from the couch and went towards Omifo.
‘I suggest we take a little break for now.’ Rodka was amused to see Vivarin trying to kidnap Omifo. ‘What do you guys usually do for fun?’
‘We watch Soarame do mind-painting for Snower.’ Dileys always got there first to answer Rodka’s questions. ‘And sometimes we watch Dragon&Empires games.’
‘You guys like the game too?’ Rodka was pleased. ‘My team is practising today. Do you guys wanna come and watch?’
‘Sure.’ The crew had nothing to do anyway. ‘Soarame wants to form a team himself later, right Soarame?’
‘Err… yes but I need to improve first.’ Soarame blushed and tried to stop the girls from volunteering him for something really difficult. He had been playing friendly games with his roommates and other friends, but only to find out that it was truly difficult to do much with Novice Water spells, even though the games were not competitive.
‘Nice! Why don’t you practise with us today?’ Rodka was surprised to hear of Soarame’s ambition. ‘It’s good to have some real hands-on experience with the Grade-4s.’
Soarame certainly appreciated the opportunity, so everyone went together with Rodka to their practice field. Rodka quickly introduced Soarame to his teammates, and a boy called Brian was nice enough to offer his position to Soarame for this practice.
‘Let’s have a bit of Water tasting!’ The team was interested to see Soarame’s performance. Soarame took out his wand and walked onto the sportsground, to the encouraging cheers from his friends.
‘Wait, the Water Boy?’ Right then, a boy looked over with surprise in his voice. 
Soarame and his friends were puzzled to hear the voice. The girls frowned and thought hard to recall the boy’s name. ‘It’s Robert!’
Soarame had certainly recognised Robert, the one with whom he had a duel pending. This day, the team that Robert was in happened to be practising against Rodka’s.
‘Stop calling him that, I warn you.’ Rodka stepped forward. ‘This is discriminating. You know the rules here.’
‘Come on Rodka, it’s not that bad.’ The captain of the other team, named Ben, had come over to reconcile them. ‘He’s just saying hello to his old friend, right, Robert?’
‘Of course.’ Robert smiled obsequiously. ‘How’s it going, Soarame?’
‘Don’t worry Robert, I haven’t forgotten our duel.’ Soarame didn’t want to pretend to be a friend of Robert at all. ‘When I grade up to Adept in Water, I’ll come and find you.’
‘Duel?’ Most were puzzled to hear this, including Soarame’s roommates, as they never heard of it. ‘Fire vs. Water?’ 
The girls explained what had happened. Of course, everyone was mad at Robert, whose attempt at taking advantage was obvious. Rodka’s teammates were also annoyed because of this; they looked at Robert with questioning eyes. But Ben’s team was on the other side, and it seemed that some of them already knew about this and were supportive to Robert.
The air was thus thick with tension. If not for the strict rules of the school, they would have ended up fighting. Rodka had to quickly lead his friends away from the other team to avoid the potential conflict, although he knew that Ben’s teammates were all giggling and mocking them right behind their backs.
‘Just ignore them, Soarame.’ Rodka took a deep breath and suppressed his temper. ‘Ben’s team always loses to ours, so they have a problem with us in the first place. My bad — I forgot about this and shouldn’t have invited you. Brian, come back in and let’s teach them a lesson.’
‘Hold on.’ Soarame stopped Rodka. ‘I never said I wanted to be out?’
‘I know, but they are all in Grade 4 or above.’ Rodka suddenly understood Soarame’s strength of will. ‘This game will be aggressive, and you don’t have any real experience. I don’t want you to get hurt.’
‘It’s ok, I won’t.’ Soarame looked towards Robert, who was making provocative gestures at him. ‘Trust me, I made it away from the beetalbulls, remember?’
That’s right! Rodka’s eyes brightened up. He’d almost forgotten about that, as he had not been there in person. ‘OK then, you can play, but promise me you’ll call for help if anything bad happens.’
‘Deal.’ Soarame took a deep breath. He actually had no plan, because his previous experiences had told him that Novice Water spells were indeed weaker in practice — Water had to wait until Expert level or at least late-Adept level to exhibit its real power. However, he wouldn’t quit like that just because he had encountered Robert. If I can’t even deal with this small potato, how can I form a team later?
Although his friends were strongly against it, Soarame still made it into the team and started to play. On the other side, Robert was overjoyed to see this happen, and his teammates were all considerate enough to decide to leave the Water boy to him. 
The game started with cheering from the supporters of both sides — many of them were just passing by, and they were scattered over the field. Ever since the beginning, Robert had been sparing no effort to spell firebolts at Soarame and the entire rival team. Fortunately, Soarame was well trained so he always managed to dodge the attack, and spell water arrows back from time to time — although they almost did zero damage.
‘Thanks for washing my hands. How much should I tip you?’ Robert laughed at Soarame, and so did his teammates. Soarame’s friends were upset and yelled at Robert, but there wasn’t much else they could do. On the other hand, Soarame was gritting his teeth hard; he was so mad at this clamouring pest in his face, and many times he almost chanted Wind incantations — yet he swallowed them all in the end.
Just then, Rodka’s team got the ball and they passed it to one other, pushing their way forward. But Soarame noticed soon enough that his teammates weren’t really passing it to him — either to protect him or from disbelief. This offered a chance to Ben’s team; they caught a window of opportunity and besieged the ball-holder with two players, leaving Soarame unguarded. The ball-holder realised this but he still hesitated to pass it to Soarame, and the ball was taken by his rivals in the next second. 
With the screaming from the audience, the transition between attack and defence had been made in a blink. At the same time, the dragon student was fast enough to have pounced on Rodka’s base as soon as the ball-holders were besieged. Rodka’s team had to instantly fall back into defence, leaving Ben’s team free to push forward. Strangely, the dragon wouldn’t leave even after encountering Rodka’s whole team at their base; instead he was engaging in a dogfight and keeping them busy. Meanwhile, Ben’s team made no attempt to backdoor the dragon’s base, but spared no effort in pushing on towards Rodka’s base.
‘Cheats!’ Kardiac roared instantly. All Soarame’s friends had realised that the dragon was working together with Ben’s team, although they couldn’t prove it.
‘Damn it!’ Rodka’s team managed to hold their base from the dragon, but weren’t able to keep it from Ben’s team — the ball was easily put on top of Rodka’s base chest by a Wind player; he sniggered at Rodka and walked away.
‘Cheats!’ Rodka’s teammates were all mad. The dragon and Ben’s team wouldn’t accept the accusation, so the arguing started right away. Rodka had to stop his teammates, simply because they couldn’t provide evidence. So the next round started, and Rodka’s team managed to push steadily on to Ben’s base, yet the dragon started to strike Rodka’s base at the critical moment. Rodka’s team was well prepared for this so the dragon didn’t make it, but due to this interruption, they didn’t manage to score either, and the ball was again in Ben’s hand.
‘What now, Rodka?’ Ben laughed. ‘Who’s the cheat this time? You can’t blame the dragon, can you?’ Ben’s team all giggled. Rodka turned around and walked away — the dragon was supposed to do what he just did, so no one could complain about it.
‘I’m sorry, Rodka.’ Soarame felt bad, but he didn’t have chance to do much because his teammates wouldn’t pass the ball to him.
‘Oh come on man, you did great!’ Before Rodka could say anything, another teammate cut in. ‘We stopped the dragon together just now!’ This made Soarame feel a little better, but he knew that if he couldn’t do something more to impress his teammates, they still wouldn’t include him as much although he’d been doing a good job in defence.
‘How could you fail like that?’ At the same time, Ben was not happy with the Darkness player. He had deliberately sent him to sneak-attack while the dragon was distracting Rodka’s defence, but that negligible Water boy had somehow managed to discover the Darkness player and tackle him. Everyone was convinced this was a coincidence, but when Rodka recalled Soarame’s adventure in the beetalbull nest, he suddenly realised something —
‘Soarame, tell me you have a way to expose their Darkness player,’ Rodka whispered in Soarame’s ear. ‘If so, I’ll put you as a designated defence player.’
‘Sure, I got him.’ Soarame hesitated a bit but nodded. ‘Also, the dragon and Ben were collaborating, I’m sure.’
‘I know.’ Thankfully Rodka didn’t pursue this, so Soarame didn’t have to make up a lie about the fact that he could see Darkness elements moving so that he knew where the player was, or that he saw a beam of Darkness elements going from Ben to the dragon before their joint attack — it must be some kind of signalling method and Ben must have gifts in Darkness.
Rodka used the captain’s right for a time-out. After a quick round of rearrangements, Soarame was assigned to be a designated defender, so that an original defender was released to the attacking team. Half of the game time had already passed, everyone was worried about this assignment, but they couldn’t do much more than trust their captain.
The game continued and everyone found soon enough that Robert became the one holding the ball most of the time, charging against Soarame. All Soarame’s teammates were well tackled by Robert’s teammates, so that they could only watch a Grade-2 Water student getting pushed further and further back by a Grade-4 Fire. Soarame thus had suffered from a lot more pressure than in the previous game; although he wasn’t caught by the firebolts, he couldn’t stop Robert from pushing forward. 
Watching Robert keep chanting incantations one after another at his ease, Soarame struggled with the impulse to cast a windblade — until in a flash something pierced through his mind, and an idea suddenly emerged.
‘I’m sorry boy, but this is a man’s game.’ Robert was sneering at Soarame. ‘Oops, that isn’t discrimination, is it? We are both male and I’m older.’
‘But you are no man.’ With his new idea in mind, Soarame sneered back. ‘Cut the crap and try harder, I’m sleepy.’
Everyone choked at hearing this — it seemed Robert was not the only troublemaker here. Soarame’s friends burst into laughter; the audience on both sides had to chuckle.
‘As you wish, brat!’ Robert was instantly enraged; he swung his wand and chanted once more his favourite incantation. ‘Voliva…’
At the same time, a beam of water squeezed into Robert’s mouth. Robert was caught off guard and had to cough, and his incantation was cut off. The next second, he barely noticed a flash passing by and his hand felt light — the ball was gone.
‘Attack!!’ Soarame roared aloud and at the same time passed the ball to Rodka, who was already on his way. The rest of the team woke up instantly and followed, making their hard bounce-back. 
I made it! Soarame was screaming in his heart. I actually made it!
On the other side, Ben’s team hurriedly dashed back into defence, and the dragon pounced at Rodka’s base.
‘Crap!’ Ben’s Darkness player fell over and showed himself on the ground, because Soarame “accidentally” kicked his shank. Soarame then ran to his teammates and helped defend their base against the dragon. The dragon was obviously anxious; he used his magigears against the other two defenders, at the same time chanting his own incantation. ‘Petra… cough!’
Once more, a beam of water filled his throat — Soarame was prepared for this and he was successful again!
‘You… cough, cough!’ The dragon hurriedly flew upwards to keep himself at a safe distance. He was surprised that the Water boy could get him right in the mouth while he was moving so fast. This brat was way too lucky!
Meanwhile, Rodka exhibited his superior skills and led his team to success in the attack. The game became a tie and everyone was cheering for Soarame’s splendid overturning action. Rodka didn’t say anything, but bumped Soarame’s fist; the entire team bounded over to them, roaring with joy. 
‘You made it, man! It’s Water!’
The girls were the most excited ones on the field. They were hugging and jumping and screaming like crazy. Even the referee of the game had to applaud, for it was the first time he had ever witnessed a Water student flipping the game over like that.
‘What the heck is going on?!’ Ben was utterly discomfited and yelled at his teammates. ‘His water spray wimped you out? Wake the heck up!’
The game had to continue. Ben had always been a defender, because that allowed him to observe the battlefield and send signals to the dragon. However, this time he decided to swap and become an attacker, because he had to teach the worthless Water boy a lesson. So, although he still used Robert to confront Soarame and push him hard, he started to watch Soarame all the time. Soon enough, Robert managed to push Soarame close to Rodka’s base again; he started to chant once more —
‘Cough!’
Although prepared and trying to swing his body left and right, Robert still got choked by Soarame’s water arrow. The second he realised this had happened, his heart skipped a beat — No way! How’s this possible?! 
‘You’re welcome.’ Soarame grabbed the ball from the coughing boy, but he suddenly noticed a beam of black shooting towards him — it was from Ben, a Darkness spell.
The next second, Soarame lost his vision. Although this was unexpected, Soarame was trained by Scankeen to be calm; instead of passing the ball out blindly, he instantly curled up and got down to the ground, yelling for assistance. Robert recovered from the cough and dashed to Soarame, tugging his arms for the ball. At the same time, both teams dashed towards Soarame; close combat broke out immediately.
‘Soarame, throw the ball away!’ Soarame’s friends were anxious. They saw a firebolt hit Soarame’s back and cause his robe to catch fire, but Soarame was fast enough to kill it with Water right away, and he held the ball tight. The hand-to-hand combat was soon taken over by Rodka’s team, because Ben’s defenders were still only halfway there. 
It was a perfect time for the dragon to strike at Ben’s base, but he was attacking Rodka’s instead. Although there was still no evidence to prove anything, the audience was upset to see this obviously flawed action from the dragon; everyone started booing.
‘Are you ok, Soarame?’ Rodka hurriedly asked for another time-out. ‘What happened to you just now?’
‘Ben’s Darkness spell.’ Soarame brushed the dirt from his body. ‘I’m fine, but it cut off my vision for a few seconds.’
‘That’s the Nightfall spell!’ The Darkness teammate spoke up. ‘But Ben can’t spell Darkness, right?’
‘And he didn’t chant anything back then. So it means he has a Darkness magigear!’ Rodka’s eyes brightened. ‘This is new! Guys, I think that’s his secret weapon for this year’s Championship! He didn’t use it on me because I can quickly use Light spells to neutralise it. If it wasn’t for Soarame, he probably wouldn’t have used it today!’
Nightfall? That makes sense. Soarame nodded. This spell was a perfect signalling method to the dragon, because only the target of the spell would notice it. Given the long distance, the dragon probably would see just a blink of darkness instead of a few seconds, which made it a perfect cheating tool.
‘This guy is really clever, be careful.’ Soarame warned his teammates, but he couldn’t say more. The team then came back to the game, but surprisingly found that Robert was replaced by another guy — except that it was a girl!
‘That’s Joanna?’ Rodka was surprised to recognise the girl. ‘Soarame, she’s also a Water wizard, probably Grade 4, though. It seems that you have made Water proud today!’
‘But I thought this is a man’s game?’ Soarame pretended to be confused. ‘Where’s Robert?’ They all laughed and looked for Robert, who was apparently nowhere to be found at this moment.
‘Don’t talk that way, Soarame!’ Rodka hurriedly tried to stop everyone from laughing. ‘Robert was talking rubbish; there are quite a few girls who are very good at this game. You didn’t watch last year’s championship, or you’d be impressed by the girls!’
Let Joanna take care of this Water boy, see if he’s going to choke a girl. Ben had to take advantage of the gentleman card, even though Joanna was actually just a helper for the team, and not a player. Ben never paid attention to Water spells, so he was also hoping that they were easy to aim, and he wanted to test it out on Joanna. The results disappointed him very soon — Soarame didn’t target Joanna, but he water-choked everyone else, including Ben. One particularly skilful shot really freaked everyone out — the water beam curved round on its way, bypassing Ben’s palm coverage and going right into his throat. If Rodka’s team hadn’t been as shocked as Ben’s, they could have taken the chance and scored another point.
On the other hand, Joanna couldn’t manage to do the same thing at all. Rodka’s entire team was caught by her Water spells all over their bodies, but they actually loved it — it cooled them in the burning sunshine. Therefore, the later game was no longer competitive; it felt more like a water spray party to Rodka’s team.
Because of the early disadvantage on Rodka’s side, the time ran out before they could get another point. Therefore, the game ended as a draw, but everyone knew who was the best player. Soarame was lifted up and thrown into the air; the Water girls were screaming like mad. Realising the audience on both sides were actually cheering for Soarame, Ben’s team and the dragon student hurried off. They were more frustrated than they could say — the Water boy had turned out to be the hero! How could this ever have happened?!

The friends went back to Soarame’s dorm, full of joy. Especially the girls. This time they had no doubt that even Novice-level Water magic could actually achieve wonders if used skilfully — an incantation choker, what a thought! The girls couldn’t help looking at Soarame’s head from all angles, wondering what was in there; this creeped Soarame out sooner than they thought.
On the other hand, Rodka was actually more surprised than anyone else, because he knew well that what Soarame had done was a lot harder than people thought. First of all, this boy had figured out the advantage of Water over other lineages — water was liquid, which meant it was material in form, but light in weight and transformable in shape; no other lineage had this unique ability to allow for highly flexible and manageable aiming — windblades, stoneballs and firebolts could do more damage for sure, but it was really hard to change their trajectory after casting. Moreover, all of them had been neglecting the fact that Novice Water incantations were slightly shorter, which enabled Soarame to short-cut his rivals’ incantations. However, this still demanded another critical skill — the super accurate control of Water elements.
‘How did you do that, man?’ Rodka finally had to ask. ‘The curve-shot on Ben was just crazy!’
‘It’s all thanks to the mind-painting.’ Soarame pointed at his table, on which there was a canvas with a small shape painted on it. Rodka walked over and barely realised that it was supposed to be a… pig?
‘It’s Snower.’ Soarame’s words struck everyone. Even Snower jumped onto the table and stretched her claws at Soarame, signalling a complaint.
‘It’s improving,’ Jemario said while everyone else chuckled. ‘Last time I took it to be a boar.’
‘That’s… understandable.’ Rodka tried so hard to suppress his laughter — poor Snower baby. Suddenly, Rodka turned to Soarame. ‘You know, you should try the Fledglings Tournament. Your Water skill is impressive enough to show off there.’
‘Oh yes, Soarame you should go!’ While Soarame was puzzled, Dileys clapped her hands. ‘Show everyone what Water can do!’
With that, Dileys briefly explained the Fledglings Tournament. It was an annual tournament of the school, for Novice students; that is to say from Grade 1 to 3. The entire school always had a week off for this event, so that everyone could enjoy the funny scenes of new students trying their luck — a typical example being that two of them ran out of mind power and had to start wrestling each other. The Adept students always had fun watching the fresh hands trying to prove themselves as wizards.
However, although it was a big event, Soarame had no interest because he wanted to focus on his mind-painting practice — if there was a tournament that attracted Soarame, it would be Dragon&Empires, rather than this entry-level one. Halgon and Kardiac also chose not to participate in the tournament, but Omifo had decided to try his luck. He had been working really hard and had just levelled up to Grade 3 — which was definitely faster than most of his peers and totally wowed the girls — so that he could show his talents to the entire school. 

****

The tournament week came round fast. Omifo’s first game was happening this very day.
‘Omifo, the winner!’ As soon as Omifo stepped onto the stage, Kardiac began shouting at the top of his lungs. 
As Omifo was picturing what his first rival would look like, a small, blue-eyed, blonde-haired girl came face to face with him. She looked like she was shaking and barely dared to glance at him. Seeing this, the sympathy of the audience naturally leaned towards the girl and some even booed Omifo. 
 ‘Oh, no… how can I fight such a little girl?’ Omifo moaned. Whilst he wavered, he suddenly heard a delicately sweet voice. ‘Hi there, no… hello sir, can we start now?’
Omifo nodded at the girl, amused. He didn’t anticipate that she would be eager to get started with the game; oh yes, she must be so shy that she just wanted to get done with the game regardless, and step off the stage. The girl had already started chanting an incantation, but Omifo didn’t really pay attention, as he was too busy worrying how to win the game in a decent way without hurting her. 
‘Hey!’ With a soft shout, a translucent crescent shot out from the tip of the girl’s wand, heading right at Omifo.
‘What!’ Omifo cried out subconsciously, together with everyone else. ‘Windblade?’
This was certainly not as he’d planned. Omifo had to instantly leap aside to dodge the windblade. As a Grade-3 spell, a windblade could easily hurt him. This girl, seemingly shy and weak, was actually a Grade-3 wizard? 
However, it seemed the girl was not proud of her attack at all; she blushed as her favourite skill failed to do any damage. She appeared less nervous as she clutched her magic wand and started chanting another incantation. At the same time, Omifo realised he could no longer afford to worry about beating a little girl; he had to start chanting his incantation or he was not sure who was going get beaten. However, before Omifo finished his spell, a blast of wind rose beneath his feet and whirled him into the air — it was not a windblade this time, but a cyclone spell.
Omifo’s incantation was almost cut off because of this strike. He once again realised that he had underestimated this little girl; she was not only talented in magic, but also smart. Omifo clenched his teeth as he turned rakishly in the air and swung his magic wand towards his opponent.
The girl suddenly felt a dazzling in her eyes, and her world started spinning. It was a Grade-2 Light spell — refraction. It was not really a strong invasive spell, but intended more to effectively disturb his rival. Unexpectedly, although the girl’s body tottered, she was tough enough to manage to continue chanting for her next magic attempt. Seeing this, Omifo made an instant decision and swung his wand again, casting an even less powerful spell — reflection. This time it was merely a Grade-1 spell that simply reflected sunlight to affect the rival’s vision, but it was the best choice for Omifo at that moment. Fortunately, this time it worked — dazzled by the strong light while still spinning, the girl finally fell over and broke off her incantation. 
The effect of the whirlwind finally vanished, and Omifo landed on the ground with a thud. At this point, the girl also stood up and got ready for the next round. Realising his rival was much tougher than he thought, Omifo started to chant his most powerful spell. Meanwhile, the audience were already cheering like crazy.
There were two Light spells that he was best at: focalization, which caused temporary blindness; and diffusion, which caused temporary blackout. Both counted as half-invasive and half-restraining spells. Omifo chose to spell diffusion because he saw the girl start the next round of chanting with her eyes shut tight in order to protect herself from Omifo’s spell. However, diffusion was not just about the light; it was more of a mind attack that targeted the brain. 
Distracted by having no vision, the girl couldn’t chant as fast as she normally would have done, so for the first time, Omifo took the initiative and finished his spell first. The spell of diffusion was cast straight at the girl, whose eyes were shut, so there was no chance for her to dodge. Seeing the girl totter and about to fall over again, Omifo hastened forward to help her sit down slowly. 
The girl was heavily stunned by the spell; she knew she had lost even before Omifo held her arms. She offered her name before she passed out. ‘I…I am Alicey…’
The audience burst into acclaim — some cheering, others booing. After the referee announced Omifo’s victory, Alicey’s friends ran up to the stage and took her with them. 
The friends were happy to see Omifo had won his first game and remained in good shape. In the next couple of days, Omifo managed to win another two games; just when he was confident that he could keep winning, someone thought otherwise — in the next game, a familiar face to Soarame stepped on stage and came towards Omifo. It was Kriagon, the chubby boy who had given Soarame trouble at college application months before. According to the referee, Kriagon was a Grade-3 in both Fire and Wind, thus a very powerful candidate in this tournament. 
On the stage, the two boys didn’t like each other very much. Omifo had heard about Soarame’s unhappy history with Kriagon, and Kriagon simply didn’t like anyone close to the Water boy. So even before the battle started, the two had already been goading each other on, both getting upset. Then the battle started. Kriagon cast firebolts and Omifo beamed Reflections; both were attacking and defending at the same time. 
After several rounds of probing, the two both got a better estimation of each other. Just then, Kriagon cast a flamewave at the same time as Omifo cast a focalization; a beam of dazzling light struck Kriagon and a vast expanse of whiteness appeared in his eyes. 
Omifo was happy that he had hit his target, although his left arm caught fire and he had to roll on the ground to put it out. If Kriagon hadn’t closed his eyes as a defence to Omifo’s focalization, his flamerush would have missed Omifo, and he would probably still be blinded due to the overwhelmingly strong light. 
Facing a rival with no vision, Omifo believed that he was at an advantage. However, he noticed that Kriagon had already finished a short incantation, and a fierce gale sprang up. The gale was so strong that Omifo had to try hard to maintain his balance and even shield his eyes from the dust. Even in the stadium, some hats were blown away and made people exclaim. 
Omifo tottered in the wind and marvelled at Kriagon’s tactic — you took my vision, I take your mobility! Omifo began to realise that although this chubby boy had a lousy personality, he had really good skills; in fact, he was probably one of the strongest candidates in this tournament. Therefore, Omifo spared no effort in chanting another powerful spell — diffusion.
The mind attack from the focalization must have done some damage, so Omifo bet that Kriagon couldn’t afford to take the diffusion. That meant that, once Omifo hit the target, he would win. With that in mind, Omifo struggled to stand against the gale and almost finished his spell when a blast of flame seized him. 
‘Ahh!’ Omifo hurriedly got down to the ground and rolled the fire out, but his incantation was cut off.
‘Omi!’ There came a scream from the audience as Vivarin shot to her feet. Soarame and the others also stood up, looking anxiously at the stage.
His firebolt got me? Omifo looked at the burning wound on his chest in disbelief. How could this guy aim when he couldn’t see?
‘Omifo, you will lose!’ Although Kriagon couldn’t see, he heard the painful cry and knew his firebolt had hit.
Omifo gritted his teeth to fight the sharp pain and performed a healing spell warmth of sunshine to treat the wound. The gale was still roaring around him, leaves from the trees swept in front of him and the noise drowned out the yells from the crowd. 
On the other hand, Kriagon was not at all affected by the gale he had summoned. He pointed his wand and shot three firebolts at Omifo. 
Scattering shot? So he can’t tell where exactly I am, but he’s trying to cover an area! Omifo was suddenly enlightened; it seemed that the last hit on his chest had just been luck. The problem was that fire could be boosted by wind and become really hard to put out, so Omifo had to make sure he dodged them this time. Fortunately, he made it; but just when he was about to fire back, the wind suddenly became stronger and he was almost blown over again. 
Apparently, Kriagon wasn’t stupid. Upon hearing that the last round of attacks missed, he knew that Omifo had got used to the gale and made an attempt to stop Omifo from getting his balance back. Omifo cursed inside, but had to bear with it and redo his diffusion. This time, the spell went out and it got Kriagon, though it only interrupted his incantation; it didn’t make him pass out. Omifo was in shock; this didn’t make sense — no Grade-3 wizard could bear a focalization plus a diffusion! Especially under the sunshine, where Light magic is enhanced — wait, where was the sunshine?
Omifo looked up to the sky, finding a big cloud blocking the sun. At the same time, Soarame and his friends also noticed what had happened. ‘Really? The Wind spells blew clouds to cover the sun, and reduced Omifo’s Light power?’ 
Is this planned or just a coincidence? On the stage, Omifo was anxious about this unexpected situation. Kriagon would soon get his vision back, so Omifo must do something fast, but his Light magic was largely jeopardised and there was not much he could do — unless he charged at Kriagon and wrestled him, but the wind wouldn’t let Omifo get close.
{Wind can bring the clouds, so can it take them.} Just as Omifo was at a loss, he heard a strange voice from out of nowhere. The voice sounded so far away, yet also so near, like a whisper in his head. Omifo was startled and looked around — there was nobody beside him on the stage; where did the voice come from then?
There was no time for deep thinking. Omifo had to leave the question aside and follow the solution. Biting his lips and hiding from another wave of firebolts, Omifo began to run in the blowing wind. Kriagon was nervous at hearing Omifo’s footsteps and increased the wind power to reduce Omifo’s mobility. 
As Kriagon stopped shooting firebolts and repeatedly summoned wind, the wind blew stronger and stronger. More and more of the audience’s hats flew up into the air, forming scattered dots in the sky. Facing the powerful gusts, Omifo tried all he could to stumble back and forth, but made no attempt to attack. This went on for several minutes, until Kriagon saw the brightness — his eyesight was finally recovered.
At the same time, everyone saw the brightness too — the sun was finally revealed from behind the clouds. Everyone stood up and cheered at Omifo’s action. Even Sachastain chortled, standing in a corner of the stadium; he had come by to see the match and lost his hat to the wind. 
The two players on stage were beyond tired. Kriagon’s mind ocean was almost dried up; Omifo sat down on the ground breathing heavily. However, neither wanted to quit. Seeing that, the audience were clapping, cheering and whistling in waves, to encourage the strong wills of the two competitors.
The overheated atmosphere on the stadium encouraged the two boys. Both of them struggled to prepare their last attack. The teachers on site started to worry because the two young students were getting ready to charge ahead in a battle that could lead to a life-threatening result. Vivarin was the most nervous; she had witnessed really bad accidents before. The friends shouted to Omifo, asking him to quit, but Omifo refused to listen. 
‘Omifo, here I come!’ After chanting quite a while, Kriagon waved his magic wand, sending a barrage of five windblades. Kriagon chose to use windblades because they were faster than firebolts and thus harder to dodge. And they were not aimlessly thrown — each of them was precisely controlled to seal all possible angles that Omifo might escape from. 
‘Watch out, Omi!’ Vivarin screamed. 
‘Ahhh!’ Before Vivarin’s voice faded, Omifo shouted in pain and Kriagon dropped to the ground. Seeing no way to escape, Omifo gave up dodging and was hit by two windblades. At the same time, he managed to shoot out a concentrated stream of diffusion. As a result, Kriagon was knocked out right away. Omifo was also seriously hurt — one of the blades had cut through his leg, creating a bleeding wound, and another went through his rib and cut through a bone. 
Everyone was scared by the bloody scene. Vivarin dashed to the stage to check on Omifo. Teachers and nurses also charged forward, some healing Omifo and others checking on Kriagon. The result of the match was clear: Kriagon had lost, and Omifo had won, though at great cost.
‘The windblades missed the main veins. He’s lucky to just have a broken rib, and it will heal soon.’ Teachers and nurses were examining and treating Omifo concurrently. Thanks to the healing spells, Omifo’s surface wounds healed quickly and the broken bone was also reconnected. Omifo’s friends had gathered around him; Vivarin watched Omifo with tear-filled eyes, until he struggled to get up and smiled at her. Vivarin stared at Omifo, turned her head, and walked away without a word. With a bitter smile, Omifo had to chase after Vivarin.
The teachers were smiling as they watched the scene, but suddenly there came a shout from near Kriagon. ‘Come quick, this boy is not going to make it!’ 

‘Where did Omifo go? I can’t find him anywhere!’ Catheray complained, arriving at Soarame’s dorm. ‘He ran after his girlfriend once he was healed? Does he not realise that he almost killed Kriagon?’
‘I don’t understand this! I thought Kriagon only passed out? Why did they think he wouldn’t make it?’ Kardiac was worried; he had heard the teachers’ screaming as everyone else had. ‘Is it really that bad?’
‘Yes, it’s worse than it looked,’ Soarame sighed. ‘Kriagon was attacked when he was exhausted, he had no mind power to defend himself from the mind-attack...’ he tailed off. 
‘What! Kriagon might die?’ Omifo returned to the dorm with Vivarin later, shocked by the news. ‘I made that happen?’
‘Omi, don’t blame yourself. The whole thing got out of control, and the one in hospital could easily have been you.’ Soarame comforted Omifo while the rest nodded. ‘Rodka may come back soon with news.’
‘Omi is a Grade-3, his spell shouldn’t cause death.’ Halgon tried to calm his friends. ‘However, Kriagon could be hurt badly, and it will take a long time for him to recover. At worst, the damage could be permanent and he might lose the ability to practise magic.’ 
Halgon’s words shocked everyone. The friends shifted around nervously in their seats, talking about how terrible it would be to lose their powers, when the door suddenly opened. 
‘Kriagon is fine!’ Rodka walked in.
‘Fine?’ Everyone cheered with relief and hugged each other.
‘Yes, he’s out of danger, but he may lose his wizard qualification.’ Rodka said soberly.
‘That was… exactly what Halgon predicted.’ Everyone turned their heads towards Halgon. ‘How did you know that? And tell us if you also know how to solve the problem, please!’
‘I’m sorry, I don’t,’ Halgon had to sigh. ‘But there might be something we can try, if Soarame agrees…’ 

THE CURE


Kriagon was lying in the institute’s hospital. He felt woozy and his entire body ached. 
‘Why did this happen to me?’ He kept repeating to himself, crying. He’d been devastated after the teachers had told him that he might lose his magic powers forever. Kriagon couldn’t tell them how much he regretted this, and blamed himself over and over again. He had risked his life for a stupid tournament that nobody actually cared about, at the end of the day. Plus, he had not even won. 
From a window, Omifo watched in silence as Kriagon wept. He blamed himself for causing Kriagon’s condition, but was also aware that it could easily have been him lying there. The hair rose on the back of his neck when he thought about it and he shivered. 

Omifo took a deep breath and cautiously opened the door, followed by all of his friends. Kriagon was mad once he saw Omifo, but he couldn’t do anything about it. 
‘I am sorry, Kriagon...’ What else could Omifo say? 
‘So what?’ Kriagon cried faintly. ‘How about I beat you to a pulp then say sorry?’
‘Hey, Omi didn’t mean this. You didn’t attack any less seriously than him; you broke his bones! The windblade could have gone through his heart!’ exclaimed Kardiac.
Kriagon kept quiet for a moment, realising that he was no more innocent than Omifo, and then started to cry again.
‘It’s ok, Kriagon. We have come to cure you,’ Soarame said hurriedly. ‘You’ll get better.’
‘All the bad things happened because of you! What can you do to cure me?’ Kriagon kept weeping. ‘Even the Dean said that I am handicapped. What can you do?’ 
‘We’ve brought you medicine.’ Soarame came by with a bottle in hand. ‘Take this and you should be cured.’
‘Nonsense! All the doctors and professors have said there’s no cure!’ Kriagon was crying hysterically.
‘Kriagon, I know what you are thinking. I had the same thought at the beginning,’ said Kardiac. ‘We think alike and even look alike, so you have to trust me! Even if you don’t trust them!’
‘What kind of logic is that?’ Kriagon was not sure if he should be mad or amused by this.
‘At least I’m treating you as a friend, ok?’ Kardiac walked over to Kriagon; the friends had to admit that they did look alike somehow. ‘So, I must warn you as a friend that we are taking a great risk to treat you. You must sign a non-disclosure magic pact about this — you can never tell anyone we were once here to help you, and never ask us anything about the medicine!’ 
Kriagon silently watched this chubby boy in front of him. He didn’t know why, but he decided to believe him, for the odd logic that he refused to buy only seconds ago. So Kriagon signed a magic pact before taking the medicine and opening it. ‘What is this? It smells!’
‘You want to be cured or not? Why are you being such a wimp?’ barked Kardiac.
‘Come and smell it yourself!’ Kriagon barked back. ‘I’m not taking this weird drug that you guys brought from nowhere.’
‘Do you want your wizard ability back, or do you wanna lose it?’ Soarame said. ‘The medicine can cure your mind ocean injury, but it needs to be taken as soon as possible because it decays, so stop wasting time like this!’
‘How do I know this can cure me? I don’t believe you any more!’ Kriagon changed his mind due to the overwhelming smell, and wanted to throw the bottle away.
‘Hold him, plan B!’ Soarame shouted to Halgon while grabbing Kriagon’s hand with the bottle. ‘Let’s hope it’s still fresh.’
Halgon hadn’t said a word since he came into the room, because there was only one reason why he was here — he moved at the speed of lightning and grasped the struggling Kriagon tight.
‘What the hell? How dare you!’ Kriagon was freaked out to see this. ‘Nurse! Somebody help!’
Everyone was disappointed by Kriagon’s reaction, but they were well prepared. Rodka and the girls were guarding the door, and they had created a magic seal to silence any noise from the room.
‘Halg, you bull!’ Soarame was astonished to witness Halgon’s strength. Kardiac forced open Kriagon’s mouth. ‘Shut up and drink it!’
Kriagon resisted and yelled at first, only to find himself choking. He then settled, took in the situation, and decided that he would take his revenge after these people left him alone.
I will kill you all! Kriagon had to swallow the entire bottle, despite the strong smell. Grinding his teeth after all this had happened, Kriagon stared at Soarame’s crew. ‘Soarame, you’d better kill me right now, or you will regret it!’
‘Shut up man! How do you feel now?’ Kardiac asked. ‘I told you we are here to help, believe it or not!’
‘Well, I’ll help you back very soon!’ Kriagon yelled at Kardiac. ‘I thought we were friends!’
‘We are, damn it!’ Kardiac yelled back. ‘Just check your mind ocean!’
‘Ha!’ An angry Kriagon unwittingly followed Kardiac’s words, visualising his own mind ocean once again — 
In his mind somewhere, a dried up mind ocean exposed the ocean bed, with a number of remarkable cracks caused by Omifo’s mind attacks. It was these cracks that wouldn’t allow his mind ocean to refill; and this was why Kriagon had lost his magic powers — if there was a big hole in the bottom of the tank, how could one refill the tank? 
This had happened because Kriagon’s mind ocean was already dried up when he was hit, so Omifo’s mind attack had hit the ocean bed without any buffering from the “ocean water”. Luckily, Omifo was a Grade-3 wizard with insufficient power to crush the ocean bed and hurt Kriagon’s soul; otherwise it would have killed him. 
This was a vivid example of the possible severities of mind attacks. There was no joking with mind attacks, and this was the reason that enriching one’s mind ocean was always treated as the top priority of every wizard.
While Kriagon was scanning all this once again, he didn’t hold out any hope for a better situation. However, he soon discovered something completely stunning — the cracks in his ocean bed were diminishing slowly, with some small ones even about to vanish! This hadn’t happened despite the best attempts of highly skilled doctors and professors, because it was impossible to treat ocean bed cracks in ordinary ways — especially the biggest one in the centre. Nonetheless, that horrible big crack had obviously shrunk! 
‘This is...’ Kriagon couldn’t help screaming. ‘This is unbelievable!’
‘Now do you believe us?’ Seeing the unwritten word “success” in Kriagon’s face, Halgon drew a breath. ‘I’m going to let go of you, promise me you won’t do anything stupid.’
‘I... I promise.’ Kriagon was still trying to recover from his shock. Halgon stepped away from Kriagon; Kriagon looked towards Halgon with new respect — only after experiencing it for himself could he believe how incredibly strong this boy was. Being grasped by him was like being seized by a beast, which really didn’t feel good. But anyway… the wounded mind ocean had healed, just like that? So many things had happened to Kriagon today, his brain could not quite process it all. 

‘To be honest, I still can’t believe it really worked.’ Back in the dorm, the girls looked at Halgon with amazement in their eyes. ‘How did you come up with this creepy idea anyway?’
‘I was just giving it a desperate try. There’s no other solution anyway; everything else had failed.’ Halgon had to chuckle. ‘I was hoping there was a store of dragon blood in the school, but there’s not.’
Dragon blood was well known as a top-ranking cure for almost every type of injury in a human, including mind-ocean injuries. But it was extremely hard to extract blood from a dragon, so it was vanishingly rare. 
‘Yes, but why did you think Snower’s pee could compete with dragon blood?’ Rodka was not satisfied with Halgon’s answer. ‘Why don’t the professors know about this, but you do?’
‘If I say I’m just guessing, will you guys believe me?’ Halgon shrugged his shoulders. ‘I’ve seen lots of magimals during the hatching process, and none were even close to Snower’s. You guys still remember the scene, right?’
‘Of course, but that doesn’t guarantee the pee will work as a cure.’ Soarame knew Halgon was talking about the burst of Energy of Life when Snower was hatched. Dragon blood was a powerful medicine because it contained enormous amount of Energy of Life in it, and it was this special energy that could heal the wound. Halgon believed that Snower’s pee could do the same thing, and that was how he found the cure.
‘If the pee doesn’t work, we’ll have to try her blood and it will work.’ Halgon said confidently, and events proved that he was right. ‘But Snower is too young, so I’m trying to avoid drawing blood from her.’
‘But if it doesn’t work, Kriagon took it for nothing.’ Kardiac giggled. ‘Halg, you are bad! Poor Kriagon, he signed a magic pact so he couldn’t even ask anything.’
‘Don’t you think that’s better for him?’ Everyone had to chuckle.
‘Snower, what are you anyway?’ Soarame held Snower in his arms and checked her up and down; she still looked like a normal kitten.
‘I think she wants to know the answer too.’ Rodka looked into Snower’s innocent eyes. ‘We should try searching for the answer again.’
‘I agree! The library accident shouldn’t stop us.’ Dileys was the first one to second Rodka, and was soon followed by everyone else.
‘If so, let’s carry on with our old plan.’ Rodka was happy to see everyone re-energised. ‘We can go off-campus and try to find clues.’ Rodka recalled the Dean’s words — the campus was indeed going to be no more than a short story for them, and they had to get off it sooner or later.
Everyone was ecstatic to see the plan back on track, especially the boys — ever since Soarame and his roommates had entered the school they hadn’t really been out, partly because the campus was too big already. 

The rest of that week felt really long for the friends. Other than Soarame, who was still interested in making his painting of Snower more like a kitten and less like a pig, everyone else was so bored; until Saturday morning came around.
‘Finally, I’m out!’ Kardiac yelled once he got through the Libral Gate. ‘We should have done this long ago!’
‘Shh… there are people watching you!’ Catheray pointed at a big crowd in front. ‘We are wizards, watch your manners!’
‘Look, wizards!’
‘Young wizards!’
‘Oh my god, a team of them!’
‘We got lucky today!’
‘Wow!’
There was a large group of people standing in the distance cheering at the friends. Most of them were tourists, just like Soarame and Filton when they first arrived. Every day, people from all over the world came to the Institute of Libral to visit the gigantic gate, yet very few of them had the luck of seeing student wizards coming out. After all, thanks to the town zone on campus, most students could easily get what they wanted there and never need to venture out.
As the group walked by, the cheering from the crowd became louder and louder. Everyone was so excited to see the future of the human world. Although the whistles and applause became more and more intense, the people here were cool and smart enough to control their passion and keep their distance from the young wizards, out of respect. 
‘Your Honour, good morning!’
‘Your Honour, may I shake your hand, please?’
‘Please, your Honour!’
Soarame had seen people show respect to Scankeen along the way when they travelled here, but he didn’t expect them to treat young wizards like themselves in such a special way too, and he hadn’t been out of campus since Filton left. Thinking of that, he was also wondering how Filton was doing now — he still hadn’t replied to Soarame’s letter.
‘Dear lord, this feels great!’ Kardiac lowered his voice, which was very unusual for him. ‘We look like heroes!’
‘We are heroes.’ Vivarin raised her head, tall and proud. ‘We are the honoured wizards and we are supposed to protect the world!’
‘Your Honour, could you please let me take a quick photo of you? Please!’ An old lady’s voice woke Soarame from his memories. The lady was holding a mamera — basically a magic-driven camera that allowed normal people to use it even if they had no ability to perform magic. A Libral guard was blocking her, waiting for Soarame’s permission.
‘Yeah, sure, go ahead.’ Soarame answered casually.
‘Sir, this is usually not a good idea.’ Hearing Soarame’s off-hand reply, a guard instantly reminded him. ‘Usually wizards don’t like their photos to be taken.’
‘Oh, is that so?’ Soarame was about to deny the request, but seeing the old lady’s begging face, he softened. ‘Can I let her take just one?’
‘Yes, if you really want.’ The guards let the woman come close to Soarame. A thin crystal chip popped out of her mamera — inside of which there was now a picture of Soarame. Soarame recognised this mamera as a pretty old style, which explained why it used the old type of crystal chip that could only store one picture. The newest version of the mamera used a different type of crystal chip of a smaller size that allowed the chip to store a lot more photos and even live scenes. Both types of chips could broadcast the photo into the air if the owner chose to — just like those installed in the Libral Emblems, only the Libral chips had a lot more functions.
‘Your Honour, may I take a photo too?’
‘Your Honour…’
Seeing that the old lady had succeeded, the rest of the crowd was encouraged and everyone wanted to do it. This scared Soarame; he hurriedly left with his friends and the Libral guards stopped the crowd from following. 
‘Ha ha, Soar, how do you feel?’ The girls were chuckling along the way. ‘You were like a star back there!’
‘Well… wow.’ Soarame took a deep breath. ‘That was unbelievable.’
‘It’s actually more unbelievable than you think.’ Halgon suddenly cut in. ‘In case you didn’t notice, your photo just got sold.’
‘My… what?’ Soarame was choked. ‘Sold? How?’
‘How what?’ Jemario teased. ‘How much?’
‘It can’t be a low price.’ Rodka chuckled. ‘Young wizards’ photos are rare; at least I’ve only seen one so far.’
‘Which is mine?’ Soarame scratched his head. ‘How could she just sell it right behind my back? She shot me just for a sale?’
‘No, she must be a poor woman, as her mamera was pretty old. She must be in need of money, although she probably didn’t plan to sell it.’ Halgon said. ‘There were a lot of people bidding for that photo just then, and someone seemed to get it in the end.’
‘Relax, Soar, it’s not that bad.’ Vivarin chuckled. ‘If you really are that worried, we can go back and grab it.’
‘No, Soar permitted it. It belongs to the woman now,’ Omifo disagreed. ‘So she has the right to keep it, dump it, or sell it.’
‘So what?’ Vivarin didn’t seem to care. ‘We are wizards, we do what we want and they will obey.’
‘Wow, careful, lady!’ For some reason, Halgon was mad all of a sudden. Staring at Vivarin, he commanded, ‘You take that back!’
‘Hey, what’s going on?’ The girls got between Halgon and Vivarin. ‘Halg, what happened?’
‘Yeah, calm down!’ Kardiac also sensed something very odd. ‘She’s just joking, right Viv?’
‘Yeah… yes.’ Vivarin was scared. She felt the burning anger from Halgon. ‘I didn’t really mean that.’
‘I’m sorry.’ Halgon regretted his loss of control. ‘I don’t know why I did that, I just…’
‘It’s ok, my bad,’ Vivarin apologised, as she did feel bad for what she had said. For the first time, this aggressive girl became a cute neighbourhood lady, making Omifo feel amazed.
Everyone started to talk about other things, trying to forget about the incident. But Rodka was still wondering why Halgon had overreacted, because he had always been such a cool and calm person. Thinking about it, Rodka realised that he had always neglected the uniqueness of this boy — he didn’t speak much, but every time he did, he hit the bull’s eye. Halgon was a wizard himself, but his burst of anger just now basically showed that he didn’t appreciate wizards’ privileges at all — why?
 
The crew kept walking until they saw a magishop and entered it. There were quite a few magigears of different kinds in the shop — wands and robes were the most common ones, along with parchments, potions, etc. Besides those, there were crystal balls, mameras and magiphones with similar functions to the Libral Emblem, but they functioned by consuming crystal cubes as a common energy source, just like the magic carriage, for those who were not wizards to use the devices. This particular shop also had a flamesword, named “Burning Sun”; it was a replica of an Epic sword for warriors, with Fire magic perfused into it. If one could afford it, some magishops might even be able to get higher-ranking magigears and even magigear sets, like the Undines’ set that Halgon had once mentioned. However, few would really have had a chance to see those genuine Epic magigears; most magigears in shops were replicas of them — such as Saja’s necklace ‘Nymph’s Guard’ and Casavin’s boots, ‘Trampling of Feriathan’.
Unfortunately, this shop didn’t have anything to do with magimals. But this was normal, as magimals were not common.
‘I know another place to go.’ Rodka was not worried about this. ‘The biggest magishop in the city is called MagiMax. It should have magimals there.’ 
Hearing that, the crew rushed to MagiMax’s, full of bright hope. This attracted attention from passers-by along the way, and soon enough people started to recognise the famous Libral Emblem on the crew’s clothes and another wave of cheering began to build. The crew was not in a mood for this; they ran all the way to MagiMax’s, followed by a large group of people who just wanted to see the young wizards. Eventually, the followers had to stop at the gate of MagiMax, because this magishop was special and had a well-known policy: only wizards were allowed in.
‘Hello there, how lovely you all look!’ When the crew stepped into MagiMax, a figure showed up instantly and greeted them. 
‘Wow, what’s this?’ Kardiac was startled. It turned out that the figure was a wooden robot of the size of a man, but not a real man.
‘It’s a magiman. You’ve never seen one before?’ Rodka asked. Obvious he had been here a few times before, so he even knew the magiman’s name. ‘Hi Blamer, long time no see.’
‘Indeed, your Honour.’ The magiman bowed to Rodka. ‘How can I help you this time?’ 
‘So magiman means puppet?’ Soarame couldn’t help asking.
‘Yes, it’s a puppet controlled by magic chips in its body.’ Halgon answered. ‘The controller ought to be in this house somewhere.’
‘How smart you are, my boy!’ The magiman turned to Halgon. ‘I’m indeed in this house. Oh, as a magiman I should say, my master is indeed in this house.’
‘You never told me this, Blamer,’ Rodka teased. ‘That’s not fair for an old customer.’
‘Oh no, please don’t feel that way.’ The magiman bowed again to Rodka. ‘It wasn’t me; it was this gentleman that told you that. Plus I think you always knew it anyway.’
‘Ha-ha, but I have never seen you in person.’ Of course Rodka knew the owner of the magiman was always in this house; he even knew his name was Max. Max was also the owner of the magishop. Max seemed not to like meeting people, so Rodka had never had a chance to see him — but this was not totally abnormal among wizards; many high-level wizards tended to avoid social interactions and save up the time to do their own thing.
‘Why is the puppet named Blamer?’ Omifo whispered to his friends.
‘It’s just a nickname for all the puppets.’ Obviously, Max had overheard Omifo through the magiman. ‘If I make mistakes in person I have to blame myself, but if I use a puppet to do so, it is the one to blame.’
‘So it’s like a play-house game?’ The crew was startled by Max’s childish style. ‘How many Blamers do you have?’
‘Oh, look around you.’ As the magiman instructed, the friends realised there were quite a few magimen spread around the place. Preassembly, they were left in readiness in case there were more customers than one magiman could handle. 
‘That’s impressive.’ Rodka went forward. ‘Max, do you have magimals here?’
‘Call me Blamer.’ The magiman looked at Rodka. ‘If I remember correctly, this is the first time that you’ve asked about magimals.’
‘Yes, because I have never seen them here before.’ Rodka looked around. ‘Not even now.’
‘Of course not. Magimals are not as easy to keep as magigears, and they need to be fed every day,’ the magiman said. ‘Customers are always interested in seeing them, touching them, and sometimes even feeding them weird stuff; but very few people can actually afford them. So, after they successfully killed two of my magimals with their weird food in the past, why would I still show them here?’
‘Oh! I’m so sorry to hear that.’ Dileys was surprised to hear the sad story.
‘It’s ok.’ The magiman walked towards a corner of the house in shadow. ‘If you want to see them, follow me… but do you plan to buy any?’
‘We will see what you have first.’ Rodka winked at his friends. ‘We are especially interested in those born out of eggs.’
‘Egg-born?’ the magiman muttered. ‘This way then.’
‘Wait, are you sure we want to go in there?’ Jemario pulled Soarame’s arm. ‘It feels wrong.’
‘Well, this is the biggest magishop in the downtown of Cylone City, and we have this many people.’ Soarame held Jemario’s hand. ‘It’s ok, I’ve got you.’
‘It’s ok, I’ve got you.’ Kardiac gave Soarame a big thumbs-up, then turned around and said the same thing to Catheray, only to receive a punch in return. ‘Ouch!’
Everyone chuckled and followed the magiman towards the corner. A bland door emerged in the wall, and a staircase was hidden behind it. Rodka pondered a bit and looked back at the crew, confirming that everyone had agreed to enter, and then walked into the hidden space.
‘Oh my god… look at this!’
The friends were astonished as they arrived in the basement through the staircase. There were hundreds of eggs in different colours and sizes, sealed in big crystal showcases, sitting on a number of giant tables. Obviously, Max did not just own some magimals; he actually owned a lot of them.
‘Holy…’ Even Halgon, as a member of a magimal dealer family, had to marvel. ‘What rankings are these magimals when they are fully grown?’
‘These are relatively low,’ the magiman answered. ‘All of them are Novices or Adepts when they become adults.’
‘OK, I think we are looking for one on the higher end.’ Although Rodka said this, he was still shocked to see all these magimal eggs at once. ‘Do you have any?’
‘I can get you eggs of Barons, but can you afford it?’ The magiman turned around and looked at Rodka.
‘No, but can we just look?’ The girls asked. The friends looked at each other — there actually were Baron-level eggs! How unbelievably exciting!
‘No, I’m sorry,’ the magiman answered right away. ‘You do know what you are asking, don’t you? Barons can’t just be seen whenever people want to; not even for future geniuses like you. I’m very sorry.’
‘Do you mind showing us some live magimals, then?’ Omifo asked. ‘Like those that you feed?’
‘Of course.’ The magiman seemed to attempt a smile. ‘This way please.’
The friends followed the magiman to another hidden room and saw a number of magimal babies playing around. There were baby wolves, foxes, bears etc., with ages ranging from several weeks to several years. The baby magimals were so cute that they instantly melted the girls’ hearts. Catheray was desperate to stay a little longer when it was time to leave; she was still holding a six-week-old baby bear, not willing to let go.
‘Alright guys, what do you say?’ After leaving MagiMax, Rodka asked the group. ‘This Blamer, or Max, can we trust him?’
‘You mean, should we try to get his help on Snower?’ Soarame asked. ‘How? Just bring Snower to him?’ 
‘Of course not. We need to know first if he has sufficient knowledge to help us, before we take any risks. Even the best assessors from my family couldn’t give us a clue after I sent them live scenes of Snower.’ Halgon pondered for a while. ‘But the good thing is I’ve asked them to send me a rare type of magimal egg that they have assessed. We can use this egg to test Max, see if he’s able to tell what’s in it.’
‘Oh dear! You actually did that?’ The friends were excited to hear this.
‘Yes, I’ll leave you guys here and go get the egg now.’ Halgon lowered his voice. ‘It’s pretty high-end, so keep it to yourselves.’
‘Don’t tell us you have a Baron egg.’ The friends stared at Halgon.
‘People, it’s Baron, not bacon. You think a Baron can be found everywhere?’ Halgon rolled his eyes. ‘Of course not. It’s an Expert rank, level 8.’
Everyone was amused. No one ever expected a higher rank than that; an Expert-level egg was already far too high for young wizards like themselves. Due to a magimal’s stronger instincts, a level-8 magimal was usually more powerful than a Grade-8 wizard. For a group of Novices and Adepts, a level-8 magimal egg definitely sounded like a dream.
‘Halg, you can’t do this,’ Soarame spoke up. ‘It’s too risky.’
‘Don’t say that.’ Halgon grabbed Soarame’s shoulder. ‘It’s not as risky as when you saved me from the beetalbulls.’
‘Well…’ Soarame felt touched by this brotherhood. ‘But…’
‘But what? You don’t want to help Snower any more?’ Halgon looked around at his friends. ‘It’s the best way I can think of. If Max can tell what it is in the egg, we can then ask about Snower.’
‘You know what’s in the Expert egg?’ Catheray asked.
‘Yes, it’s a special kind and you will love it,’ Halgon smiled. ‘It’s a duckbear — a mix between a bear and a duckbear, so it’ll look almost like your favourite baby bear.’
‘Oh god, that’s so cute!’ Catheray cheered. She actually didn’t know what a duckbear looked like, but all that she cared about was that the mix looked like a baby bear.
‘So it’s egg-born too?’ Omifo asked. ‘Because a duckbear gets born from an egg? Is the duckbear the mother or the father?’
‘That’s a great question, but sorry I don’t know.’ Halgon’s eyes brightened. ‘I think it’s random, but my Dad says that, according to some kind of biological theory, it’s likely that the father is the duckbear and the mother is the bear; that way the baby has the intrinsic features of the father, such as being egg-born, but comes out looking more like the mother. So, I assume the baby will look more like a bear than a duckbear.’
‘Wow, that’s so interesting.’ Everyone marvelled. ‘Your father must be a very knowledgeable man.’
‘So the plan is that we take this egg to MagiMax and ask for help on its breed.’ Halgon seemed unwilling to talk about his family. ‘If Max can tell correctly, then we move on to Snower.’
‘What if he can’t?’ Catheray asked. ‘May I have the baby duckbear?’
‘Err…’ Halgon was not expecting this, so he choked.
‘Gotcha!’ Catheray laughed. ‘I was kidding!’
‘Well, I was just about to say yes, but now that you’re kidding…’
‘Wait, no!’

MAGIMAX


The next day, the crew reunited and went to MagiMax again. A magiman was surprised to see the crew coming back with a wooden box. ‘What is this about?’
‘We want to know what magimal this is.’ Rodka spoke for the group. ‘Could you help us, please?’
‘Oh, that’s the real deal?’ The magiman looked interested. ‘I can, but there’s a fee for that. A hundred gold coins if it’s a high level magimal, thirty if not.’
‘OK, we can pay you, but how quickly can you do it?’ Rodka was prepared for this. ‘We don’t want to leave the egg here.’
‘Of course. It won’t take long.’ The magiman took the egg, rolled it in his hands, and noticed that there were actually some letters on the surface that he could not recognise. Strangely, the next second, the magiman shook and staggered, as if it was going to fall over.
‘Wow, easy, man!’ Rodka hurried forward to support the magiman. ‘You don’t want to drop the egg!’
‘My apologies! I guess that’s why I’m called Blamer.’ The magiman got back its balance and started to check the egg. After a while, the magiman gave the egg back to the friends. ‘This egg looks strange. I’ll need to do a thorough check with devices, if you don’t mind?’
The friends went with the magiman to the identification room and saw another magiman working there as an assessor. The two magimen looked almost identical, but the assessor was wearing a robe. The assessor took the egg and walked to the table, where several crystal balls were placed in a circle. With a slight whirring, the assessor’s robe waved while he was turning; the assessor then put the egg into the centre of the circle.
‘These crystal balls are here to identify the egg. Each of them has memorised the features of different eggs.’ The assessor explained to the friends while the crystal balls started functioning. Soon enough, some words emerged from the crystal balls, and the assessor drew a conclusion accordingly. ‘Wow, it’s a mix!’ The assessor asked the friends to read the crystal ball themselves. ‘As you can see, two crystal balls responded; one says boa and the other says falcon. That means it’s a wingedsnake, a level-7 magimal!’
‘Really?’ Everyone looked at Halgon. ‘It’s a wingedsnake?’
‘Yes, congratulations!’ The assessor let the friends check the egg and the crystal balls. ‘Whose is it, anyway?’
‘It’s mine, thank you.’ Soarame took the egg for Halgon, who looked expressionless. Before they came here, Halgon had asked Soarame to pretend to be the owner of the egg, because he wanted to keep a low profile, as always. Just when Soarame was about to ask again, Halgon tugged his arm. ‘That’s great to know. Let’s go!’
‘Wait, you guys forgot something.’ The assessor coughed. ‘The payment.’
‘Oh, there you go.’ Rodka took out a bag of gold coins. ‘A hundred, you can count it.’
‘That won’t be necessary.’ The assessor sounded like he was smiling. ‘I trust you. See you soon.’

‘Halgon, the egg is a wingedsnake? I thought…’ Catheray couldn’t help asking as soon as they walked out of the shop.
‘Shh!’ Halgon stopped Catheray. ‘Let’s get back to the dorm first.’
‘Halgon, what’s wrong?’ The crew followed Halgon all the way down to the Libral Gate, walking past the cheering visitors as fast as they could.
‘Believe it or not, the egg was replaced!’ Back in the dorm, Halgon looked really upset. ‘My bad, I didn’t expect this guy to be a professional thief! He swapped my duckbear egg with a wingedsnake egg.’
‘What are you talking about?’ Vivarin didn’t buy this. ‘That was the biggest magishop in Cylone City, and we all watched everything. You must be paranoid!’
‘Vivarin, calm down,’ Rodka cut in. Although he had doubts about Halgon’s words too, he knew this boy wouldn’t make things up. ‘Halgon, how could you prove that?’
‘The letters changed.’ Halgon pointed to the letters on the egg. ‘These are faked.’
‘They don’t look fake to me.’ Rodka took out his emblem, casting the hologram of the original egg into the air — He had specifically prepared for this. Everyone had to agree that the original egg in the hologram looked exactly the same as the one in front of them.
‘You can’t check it like this — the letters are a special kind of magical code in my family; only I can tell the difference.’ Halgon shook his head. ‘Did you guys pay any attention to the robe on the assessor? Why would a wooden puppet need a robe?’
‘Because it looks better?’ Catheray shrugged her shoulders. ‘I don’t think it could hide the egg in the robe; it’s too big and we would have noticed that.’
‘Of course not inside the robe, but inside a space-ring!’ Halgon’s words confused everyone. ‘That assessor had a space-ring on its hand. The robe was just a cover to make the ring inconspicuous!’
‘What space-ring?’ Most of the crew never heard of this before; but luckily Rodka had, so he hurriedly explained. The friends looked at each other in bewilderment, not sure what to say.
Space-ring! Soarame was struck by hearing this. He instantly recalled what his master told him about the space-ring — it looked like a normal ring but had a storage space in it, and it was very rare. Moreover, there had been a bad guy who used a space-ring to steal an important item from the Druids; his master had gone after that guy until Volsta got badly injured!
‘I believe Halgon.’ Soarame had never been this serious before. ‘I did see a ring on the assessor’s hand, but I didn’t think any more about it.’
‘Even if that’s really a space-ring, the egg was always in his hands.’ Dileys was trying to recall the scene. ‘If the magiman swapped it we would have noticed, right?’
‘Unless it turned around and the egg was behind its body for a moment — remember the slight whirring when it turned?’ Halgon said deeply. ‘The swap only took a blink of time with a space-ring!’
‘Halg, all this makes sense but it’s still a guess.’ Rodka took a deep breath. ‘Is there any evidence you can show us?’
‘Yes. The letters on my egg won’t come off however hard you try to wipe it, because they are actually a magic seal that my Dad put on — it is to prevent the egg from hatching.’ Halgon used a wet towel to wipe the letters on the egg. ‘However, look at this one.’
‘OK, we trust you.’ The friends took some time to make this decision, but they finally made it — they drew together and noticed that the letters did become a bit lighter; this would never happen to a magic seal. ‘Halgon, why didn’t you say this when we were back there?’
‘Do you think we can fight him?’ Halgon asked back as a reply. ‘We needed to get out first to be safe.’
‘Wait, you really think we’ll get hurt in a big store in Cylone downtown?’ Vivarin didn’t buy this. ‘I’m not scared of him! I’ll go back there and ask for the egg.’
‘No we can’t,’ Omifo interrupted Vivarin. ‘You really think a fraud would admit what he had done?’
‘Then let’s report it to the school!’ Dileys suggested. ‘Or maybe the Cylone City council!’
‘It won’t work.’ Halgon shook his head. ‘We can’t prove it, so no one will believe us because we are just kids.’
‘But we can’t just let this happen and do nothing!’ Catheray was really angry now. ‘You do know today is the last day to go out, right? If we don’t do something today, we will never get it back after a week!’
‘There will be other ways, and I’ll ask my family to help.’ Although Halgon was upset, he was not as anxious as the others. ‘Remember the seal on the egg? Max won’t be able to hatch the egg anyway. And if he sells it to another person he will have more trouble, because the buyer will come back for sure.’ 
‘Halgon, you are unbelievably mature.’ Rodka couldn’t help admiring this quiet boy. ‘Seriously, I wouldn’t believe that you were a teenager if I didn’t know you.’
Because I’m not. Halgon cracked a bitter smile. ‘I’m calm because no one can break my dad’s seal. If it’s like a weak library seal on that biography, I would be crying by now!’

The friends didn’t sleep well that night. Everyone was thinking about what had happened at MagiMax and they were all indignant to think that they had been swindled. Halgon got up in the middle of the night for the restroom, but noticed that Soarame’s bedroom was open and empty; meanwhile he heard noises downstairs in the living room. So he went downstairs and saw Soarame by the table, with a canvas on it.
‘Painting at midnight?’ Halgon smiled and walked over to Soarame, but froze halfway — he was sensitive enough to notice that Soarame was different from normal. The boy was mind-painting but with his eyes closed, which he had never done before. Halgon said hello to Soarame again, only to find himself being completely ignored.
Sleep walking? Halgon was startled to reach this conclusion after carefully observing Soarame, and couldn’t help being amused. When you wake up I’ll tell you this creepy and funny story. However, after looking at the canvas, Halgon suddenly became serious — the painting was so clear, detailed and delicate, in sharp contrast to Soarame’s work yesterday of a pig-like Snower. If Halgon hadn’t been watching Soarame paint in real time, he wouldn’t have believed that this was his mind-painting work.
What is going on here! Halgon was shocked to see this unbelievable scene right in front of him. Looking at the painting again, Halgon recognised right away that it was the assessor in MagiMax; the wooden puppet was wearing a robe and holding an egg, with the letters on its surface. Halgon looked carefully at the letters, and was surprised to see that they looked exactly the same as the real ones. This meant that Soarame’s mind-painting was so rigorously accurate as to have captured all the details in his mind — well, his dream in this specific case.
Halgon was no longer in the mood to sleep. He stood aside quietly and watched his best friend painting, until the other hand of the assessor was painted — there was a ring on its finger. After Soarame had painted some letters on the ring, the work was finished, and Soarame fell over on his back at once.
‘Hey, Soar!’ Halgon rushed towards Soarame and grabbed him before he banged his head on the floor. ‘Are you ok?’
Soarame was silent. Halgon hurriedly checked his breath and heartbeat, finding that Soarame was in a deep sleep. Astounded at what he had witnessed, Halgon carried Soarame back to his dorm, then fell deep in thought.
Soarame didn’t wake up until dinner time the next day, to find that everyone had gathered around his bed. He didn’t believe what they told him at first but was finally convinced — after seeing his delicate painting work. After Soarame accepted the dream-painting story, he started to think about why this might have happened. The most likely reason would be that he had been exhausting himself trying to recall the detailed scene in MagiMax, after Halgon talked about the space-ring. As Scankeen had told him, a space-ring was a very rare thing to see, even among the top-ranking wizards; so if Max possessed one, that meant he was not just a shop owner.
‘Soarame, this is unbelievable!’ The friends marvelled at the high quality of the work — it looked just like it had been taken by a mamera, only without colours. However, when Soarame tried to do another mind-painting of Snower, she returned to the piggy style that amused everyone so much — it seemed that making a dream-painting doesn’t mean mastering the art when he was awake. Snower was making him feel awkward about it too; she kept looking into the mirror to verify that she didn’t have a snout and wasn’t really as fat as a pig.
Holding his necklace in his hand, Soarame wondered if there was a way to contact his master, but the token seemed not to have a communication function and Soarame still didn’t know what exactly it could do. On the other hand, Halgon was very confident about his father’s seal on the duckbear egg and urged everyone to keep it quiet and leave it to him, despite the fact that he chose to let Sachastain know about it when the man visited them again a few days later —
‘MagiMax? Space-ring?’ After hearing the story, Sachastain was as surprised as the friends were. However, he didn’t have any useful advice, but only agreed with Halgon that they should hold on until there was some evidence. ‘But are you sure Max can’t break the seal? He seems to be a high-level wizard.’
‘He must be, but the seal is specially designed and only my family knows how to unseal it, so it’s not just about the power.’ Halgon was not worried. ‘So that egg is safe in that sense, unless he physically destroys it.’
‘That’s great to know.’ Sachastain nodded. ‘So Max will have it sitting in his house, but won’t be able to hatch it or sell it. I wonder what that feels like?’

‘Crap! Crap!! Crap!!!’ In a dark room, a half-bald man was answering Sachastain’s question — Max. The only light in the dark room was from a crystal ball, so that Max’s face couldn’t be seen. Max had performed a thorough check on the duckbear egg after he got it, and had realised that there was actually a magic seal. This was by no means good news; if an egg could not be hatched, its value pretty much equalled zero. Max had spent days and nights trying to break the seal, only to find out that he couldn’t do it.
‘What the heck is this?’ Max was mad. ‘Who did this? Why can I not break it?’
However unbelievable it was, the fact was that Max continued to fail no matter what he tried. In the end, he had to give up and take a break, trying to sort out what had happened since he first saw the egg days ago —

‘Interesting.’ In the same dark room, a few days earlier, Max had been looking at a crystal ball through a thick pair of glasses. The crystal ball was showing the magiman’s vision, and Soarame and his friends were handing over an egg. Seeing the unrecognisable letters on the egg, Max instantly stood up with a pen, but he was too fat and his belly almost knocked the table over.
‘Damn it!’ Max was worried that the shaking of the crystal ball might have caused the magiman to fall over and crack the egg, but luckily that didn’t happen —
‘Wow, easy, man!’ By the magiman’s side, Rodka hurried forward to help. ‘You don’t want to drop the egg!’
‘My apologies!’ Max relieved a breath. ‘I guess that’s why I’m called Blamer.’
After that, Max had gone over to a shelf and fetched an egg that looked identical to the kids’ egg, and had written the same letters on the egg as those he had seen in the crystal ball. Although he didn’t know what language they were in, he could still capture all the details of the letters and copy it — as a skilled old hand at forgery.
Max was satisfied with his work. He opened the door and let in a magiman. Max then took a ring from his own hand, and put it on the magiman. After pondering a bit, he fetched a robe and put it on the magiman too.
‘Smart kids, huh?’ Sending the magiman out, the fat man sneered. ‘Just not smart enough for me…’

— The owner is called Soarame? Max returned from his memory. Such a brat can’t be the creator of the seal. He probably doesn’t even know about it. The question then is: where did he get the egg?
Max walked back and forth in the room, frowning. It was really stupid of him to have played such a swapping trick for this egg; it was probably his worst move ever. Due to a fortunate coincidence back in the old days, Max had got the space-ring that he was wearing, and hence had been able to do the swapping trick ever since. He had always been lucky so far; half of the magimal eggs he owned were gained by the same trick — one of a lower level for one of higher level, the value difference was usually a factor of ten or sometimes even more. But this time Max found himself running into a brick wall, which really upset him.
So, that boy is the key here. Max pondered. I must get him somehow.
‘Blamer! Are you in?’
Just then, a voice passed through the crystal ball in front of Max — it was the voice that the magiman heard at the entrance of the shop.
This kid, what’s his name again? Max looked at the crystal ball and saw a yellow-haired boy, tall and thin. Oh yes, he’s Casavin, also from Libral.
‘Yes Casavin, how can I help you this time?’ By the gate of MagiMax, a magiman bowed to the boys surrounding Casavin.
‘This wooden robot really knows your name!’ Casavin’s friend was surprised. 
‘Of course, I’m a VIP client here.’ Casavin walked into the building. ‘Blamer, have you got anything new?’
‘Sure I do.’ On the other side of the crystal ball, Max sighed. Libral students are out there; that means a week has passed? I’ve spent a whole week on that bloody egg?
‘Some new robes, wards, crystal chips, and an… that’s about it.’ The word “egg” almost slipped out but Max swallowed it in time.
‘That’s it?’ Casavin curled his lips in a sneer. ‘I thought you sold magimal eggs too? You do or you don’t?’
What the hell? Do you have to remind me of this word? Max pulled his hair and the magiman’s voice sounded unhappy. ‘Why are you guys suddenly all interested in magimal eggs anyway?’
‘All interested in?’ Casavin was startled to hear that. ‘Who else asked about magimal eggs?’
‘Some students from the same school as you, but you probably don’t know them anyway.’
‘Try me! There’s hardly anyone that I don’t know.’
‘OK… Soarame, as I recall.’
‘Soarame?’ Casavin and his friends all knew this name for sure. ‘He came to buy magimal eggs? Did he not have one already?’
‘Yes, he had one. He came to check the species of his egg.’
‘Well, that must be a cat… Wait, what? It’s an egg? Another one?’ Casavin had heard rumours about a cat-like magimal belonging to Soarame — probably thanks to Kardy’s blundering around.
‘Another one?’ Max was also surprised. ‘That kid has more than one?’
‘Well, he seemed to have a high-ranking, cat-like magimal that hatched a while ago.’ Casavin was jealous. ‘What’s the egg this time?’
‘It’s a duck… no, a wingedsnake.’ Max’s surprise was beyond words. This little boy, with low magic power, capable of nothing, how the hell could he have so many high-ranking magimal eggs?
‘Crap, this kid is too damn lucky.’ Casavin and his friends were all making sour faces. ‘How does he deserve that?’
‘It’s not a big deal, it’s just two eggs.’ Max, although he was even more jealous than these kids, had to put on a careless tone of voice.
‘Yeah, just two eggs, one of them is a level-7 and the other one may just be a Baron,’ A boy complained in a weird tone.
‘A WHAT?’ This time Max could no longer pretend to be calm. His eyes turned red from what he had just heard. ‘A BARON?’
‘He can dream about it!’ Casavin yelled. ‘Just because he couldn’t figure out what species it is, it must be a Baron… ha ha, of course!’
Max got the message now. Although Soarame’s cat-like magimal had not been identified as a Baron, it must still be a rare kind. Wait… if it’s cat-like and hatched from an egg, it must be a really rare kind! 
This kid must have some serious secrets! Max sat back down into his chair and took a deep breath, trying to slow down his speeding heartbeat. He propped his chin, deep in thought.

****

‘Look at you!’ Inside the institute, Kardiac was holding the campus newspaper and pointed at Kriagon’s photo on top. ‘You made the headlines!’
‘Yeah, because I look good.’ Kriagon was proud of this — his recovery had amazed everyone and therefore he had become famous. Seeing Kriagon let go the true face of the medicine, everyone had to chuckle. The Fledglings Tournament had finished; because of Kriagon’s accident, Omifo had no interest in competing in the tournament any more. Even so, everyone had already witnessed his excellent performance. Kriagon was healed after all, which surprised everyone and even made the campus news.
Because Kriagon was healed, the problem between him and Omifo had vanished. Surprisingly, Kriagon had changed a lot since then — he came to visit Soarame and his roommates every day, and became a close friend of them. Another surprise to Soarame’s crew was that Alicey came along and hung out with them; she even brought her friends. The friend-zone therefore kept growing bigger and bigger. 
Interestingly, Alicey actually had a magimal — a baby girl windwolf named Niuniu. An adult windwolf was ranked level 8, and it was born with Wind and Darkness gifts. When the friends first met Niuniu, they were really amazed by her high ranking; for that reason, Halgon decided to acknowledge that he actually had a magimal too — how could a magimal dealer family member not have a magimal? This afternoon, Halgon had brought his buddy magimal to the dorm and introduced him to his best friends on campus.
‘How adorable!’
In the dorm, the girls screamed in delight. Halgon’s magimal was a firntiger boy, named Icer. Icer’s birthday was actually shortly after Snower’s. Halgon had let him stay with his mother over the past few months, so once Icer came to join the family on campus, he instantly had two big sisters — Niuniu and Snower.
‘Aww…’ Icer was making his naïve roaring sound towards his new friends, looking excited.
As the king species on the icefield, Icer was born lovely and strong. Unlike Snower, who looked like a cute little cat, Icer looked quite tough and ferocious, even though he was only a couple of months old. Adult firntigers were ranked at Level 9, but some of them could level up to Baron once they were fully grown. So before long, Icer would be stronger than his big sister Niuniu — even though he’d failed when he tried to challenge her just now.
‘Enough, Icer. Be nice!’ Seeing that Icer was not willing to declare a loss and was about to challenge Niuniu again, Halgon pulled Icer away. ‘That’s your big sister, don’t fight her!’
‘He’s really playful and naughty, huh.’ The girls watched in happiness. ‘Why didn’t he fight Snower? He could probably win easily.’
‘No he wouldn’t.’ Halgon was stroking Icer. ‘He recognises that Snower is special, so he won’t even try.’ 
‘Really?’ Soarame was surprised to hear this. ‘Not because they have similar names?’
‘Ha-ha, by the way his name was actually inspired by you,’ Halgon laughed. ‘They are both pure white; you chose Snower, so I had to choose Icer.’
‘Hey guys, what did I miss?’ Rodka’s voice piped up. ‘We’ve got new family members?’
‘Yep, and they are getting along pretty well,’ Alicey said. ‘Rodka, have you ever wanted a magimal for yourself?’ 
‘Hmm, good question,’ Rodka smiled. ‘Two years ago, I won the tournament of the institute and got a chance to choose an award. The best options were a magimal egg, a magic wand, and a defensive cloak, all of Expert level.’
‘So you chose the wand?’ The friends got it. They saw Rodka’s high-ranking magic wand that he carried with him all the time.
‘Yes, it took me days to struggle with the decision.’ Rodka was recalling it. ‘Sometimes you just don’t know which option is the best, but you still have to choose.’
‘I totally feel for you,’ Kardiac cut in. ‘Take naps or take snacks, it’s always hard to choose but you still have to.’
‘Hard? You always chose both!’ Omifo chuckled and turned to Rodka. ‘I feel for you too — as wizards we need to prioritise our own power over anything else; at least, our Dean claims so all the time.’
‘Yeah, it was actually the Dean’s words that led me to this decision. Otherwise, I probably would have chosen the magimal egg.’ Rodka sighed as he was recalling all of this. ‘Oh by the way, I just heard something about MagiMax.’
‘What’s MagiMax?’ Alicey asked. She didn’t know about the duckbear story because Halgon had insisted his friends keep quiet about it.
‘It’s a magigear shop in downtown Cylone,’ Halgon quickly explained to Alicey and asked Rodka, ‘What was it about?’ 
‘There will be a big sale this weekend, everything is half price for students with Libral Emblems.’ Rodka looked around at his friends. ‘I really don’t like that shop, but I do need to buy some expensive magigears while they are on sale.’
‘Sure, let’s all go.’ Halgon knew what Rodka was thinking — Rodka had explained all this because he didn’t want Halgon to be unhappy that he still tried to do business with MagiMax.
‘Oh no! Why didn’t you tell us earlier!’ Dileys’ crew was complaining. ‘We already made plans with another group of girls… It’s such a shame. But Alicey, you should go; hopefully it won’t be too crowded to get in.’
‘Cool, I want to go!’ Alicey cheered up instantly.
‘Alicey, it’s not that much fun…’ Soarame tried to stop Alicey from going, but lacked a good reason.
‘You don’t want to take me?’ Alicey was disappointed to hear this. She watched Soarame in surprise and embarrassment.
‘Whoa, I didn’t mean that!’ Soarame explained hurriedly. He didn’t want to see the little girl’s sad face. ‘You are most welcome to join.’
‘Don’t mind him, just go with them.’ Jemario stared at Soarame and smiled at Alicey. ‘He always does weird things. Let me tell you a secret about him…’
‘What secret?’ Seeing Jemario whispering with Alicey, Soarame butted in. ‘The sleep walking was just an accident!’
‘You do sleep walking?’ Alicey muffled a scream.
Great! Soarame rolled his eyes and decided to zip his mouth. Jemario chuckled and whispered to Alicey; Alicey burst into laughter, and the girls hurried off with ‘goodbye’s. 
‘Wait, what’s that whispering about?’ Soarame shouted to Jemario’s back.
‘The point of a whisper is that I can hear it but you can’t!’ Alicey chuckled and ran away. ‘See you guys tomorrow!’
‘Hey guys, Alicey reminds me of something!’ Just as Soarame was about to shout back, Omifo suddenly smacked his own head. 
‘What is it?’ The friends asked.
‘During the Fledglings Tournament, when I competed against Kriagon, I heard someone whisper to me. It actually helped me beat Kriagon!’ Omifo looked around at his friends. ‘It was very weird — the voice sounded like a whisper, but there was no one beside me. And now as I recall it, it felt like it was coming from inside my mind.’
‘Really? What did he say?’ Halgon instantly sat up straight. ‘You should have told us about this earlier, it’s very abnormal!’
‘How so?’ Omifo was startled to see Halgon’s reaction, so he tried his best to describe all the details.
‘That was definitely mind-talk! That’s the only way it could sound as you described.’ Halgon looked serious. ‘Someone communicated with you directly through his mind power — just like what Soarame does to Snower — only that you are not his magimal.’ 
Soarame nodded in silence. His master could do mind-talk, so he knew mind-talk could happen between people too. After he had Snower, Soarame had realized that mind-talk between people felt exactly the same as talking to magimals using the mind connection; it was just that he had never known how to do it with a person that didn’t already have the mind connection with him.
‘Could it be Chelonad?’ Kardiac guessed. ‘But Chelonad’s voice can be heard by everyone, not just you.’
‘Exactly, plus the voice was not Chelonad,’ Omifo confirmed.
‘How about the Principal, Professor Gazbell Raymend?’ Rodka asked. ‘I heard only Masters can do mind-talk, and our Principal is the only Master-level wizard on campus.’ 
‘No, it wasn’t him. I’ve heard him giving speeches before.’ Omifo shook his head. ‘And I’m very good at recognising voices, so I’m sure I’ve never heard this voice before.’
‘Guys, don’t panic.’ Soarame suddenly thought of a possibility that he had subconsciously refused to believe. ‘It could be my master!’

THE MOST POWERFUL MAGIC


‘What?’ Halgon looked at Soarame. ‘You have a master?’
‘Yes, before I came here I learnt magic from my master.’ Soarame got excited. ‘He can do mind-talk!’
‘What’s his name?’ Halgon hurried up asking.
‘Mr. Swanflew,’ answered Soarame.
‘Swine flu?’ Kardiac muttered. ‘What a… unique name!’
‘Let’s hope you are right.’ Halgon had a thoughtful expression on his face. ‘And hopefully whoever helped Omifo is a friend to us.’
Master! Soarame was too excited to listen; he was screaming inside. It must be him! Master is hiding and watching me!
‘Soarame, if it’s truly your master, could you ask him to help us get the duckbear egg back?’ Omifo asked.
‘Well, I can’t get in touch with my master, unfortunately.’ Soarame shrugged his shoulders. ‘I guess he’s here observing me but won’t show up. But if he does, sure!’
‘It’s ok. My family can handle the duckbear egg.’ For some reason, Halgon seemed reluctant to accept external help on that. ‘This time we are only going for shopping. No one makes trouble about that, ok?’

The weekend came soon enough and for the second time the boys went to MagiMax together. This time Dileys’ crew didn’t go with them, but was replaced by a little tail — Alicey. The little girl was really excited about going out with the older students; the boys had only just learned that morning that she was only nine.
What a genius! They were amazed at her talent. A nine-year-old was actually a Grade-3 wizard!
‘Hey guys, what’s that about?’ Alicey was the first to see a large crowd in front of MagiMax. The friends soon reached the crowd, and people began to cheer. 
‘Hey, another group of Libral wizards!’
‘Morning, your Honour!’
‘Bless you, your Honour!’
‘No wonder there were no one by the gate this morning.’ The crew walked through the crowd and noticed that the city force was here too to keep order. The reason was that a large amount of people in the city had gathered to see the line of Libral students in front of MagiMax. The mayor and all the government officers were worried and had sent out their security forces in case an accident happened.
‘God, we thought we were early?’ Seeing the long line outside MagiMax, everyone was dumbfounded. There were so many people queuing up to enter MagiMax, and each of them was holding a Libral Emblem.
‘Oh dear, half-price has such power?’ Alicey goggled at this scene.
‘Oh yeah, that’s the most powerful magic in the world.’ Rodka wore a bitter smile on his face. ‘So, what do we do now?’
‘Don’t know.’ Soarame looked around and all he could see were Libral students one after another. ‘I didn’t even know that our school had this many students.’
The friends stood in line outside MagiMax until noon, chatting, but the line was still so long that they finally lost patience. ‘Let’s go, we won’t even get there before it closes.’ Halgon tried to persuade his friends to leave.
‘Yeah, he’s probably right.’ Rodka had to agree, although he really did not want to accept this likely fact. ‘We should have listened to the girls; they knew it would be super crowded so they didn’t even bother to change plans.’
‘That’s because it’s not a shoe store, man,’ Kardiac said. ‘Otherwise we’d have had a chance to witness their real power…’
‘Ladies and gentlemen, attention please!’ Right then, a voice was broadcast from the building. ‘First of all, thank you so much for your passion and support for MagiMax. I really appreciate it.’
‘However, due to the high volume of purchases this morning, half of my stock has already been bought up. I hope you all had a good time robbing me.’ The voice continued, and everyone knew that must be Max, because it sounded the same as Blamer. ‘To be honest, I really wish I was on the other side of the counter.’ 
‘This Max is pretty funny, isn’t he?’ Kardiac was chuckling like everyone else. ‘If not for the crap last time, I would really like this guy.’
‘Yeah, I heard he’s got a good reputation out here.’ Omifo shook his head. ‘He should pursue an acting career.’
‘However, if this goes on I’ll go bankrupt, so I have to update the policy.’ Max’s voice attracted everyone’s attention. ‘For those of you who have done business with MagiMax before, you can still come in and try to bankrupt me. But for the rest of you… sorry; MagiMax welcomes you next time. My deep apologies!’
‘Oh nooooo!’ 
‘What the heck? That’s ridiculous!’
‘What about wasting our entire morning!’
Hearing this, many students started yelling and complaining. However, a bunch of magimen were already blocking the gate and checking purchase histories, causing most of the students to be turned away. On the other hand, Soarame’s crew was overjoyed; they proceeded into the store very quickly, and the magiman was nice enough to let Alicey in too.
‘This robe looks so nice!’ Alicey dashed to a clothes stand and picked up a decently decorated robe. ‘Blamer, how much is it?’
‘Blamer, how much is this wand?’
‘How about this necklace?’
The students were competing with each other over shopping. After all, none of them had ever seen a half-price deal in MagiMax. Soon enough, most of the students there couldn’t afford to buy any more and had to leave. Consequently, as time passed, there were only a few students left.
‘Guys, everybody is leaving, we should be going too.’ Halgon checked the light outside; it was getting dark. ‘If you want, we can come back tomorrow.’
‘I’m sorry, but we will no longer offer the deal tomorrow,’ a magiman instantly answered.
Halgon frowned upon hearing that. With a glance at the robot, he turned to his friends right away. ‘Guys, we need to go. Can you really afford any more anyway?’
‘OK, I’m done.’ Kardiac came over. ‘From now on, Kardiac is a poor guy. I’ll have to rely on you guys for my next meal!’
‘Same here.’ Rodka had also finished his shopping. ‘I got some good stuff, but I’m poor as hell now, ha ha.’
‘I’m ready too!’ Alicey came over, bouncing and vivacious. 
‘Soar, you didn’t buy anything?’ Kardiac asked, seeing Soarame’s empty hands.
‘Well… yeah, I don’t really need any of these.’ Soarame was a little shy about saying this.
‘Oh no, my bad.’ Kardiac smacked his own head. He suddenly remembered that Soarame was not from a rich family, so he couldn’t afford to buy stuff here, even though it was on sale. Thinking of this, Kardiac handed over a ring. ‘I almost forgot, I bought this for you!’ 
‘Kardy, your finger is as big as Soarame’s thumb!’ Halgon was laughing. ‘It’s ok, Soar doesn’t mind.’
‘Plus, a guy giving another guy a ring… are you sure you really meant that?’ Omifo teased and put a wand into Soarame’s hand. ‘Soarame, I got you this. Really, this is for you, I swear. Your wand was old; it’s time for a new one.’
‘Thanks!’ Soarame was a little overwhelmed by the generosity of his friends.
‘Your name is Soarame, right?’ The magiman nearby spoke up. ‘Since your friends have bought so much today, I’d like to offer you 70% off one item, of no more than two thousand gold coins in value. How about that?’
‘Wow, really!’ Alicey’s eyes widened with excitement. ‘Soar, let’s go and choose something!’
‘Guys…’ Halgon immediately sensed something odd. Max was by no means a good man; why would he do this? Looking around, Halgon suddenly realised that they were almost the last group of customers. There was only one group of students other than them and they were checking out.
‘Hey guys, how’s it going?’ Halgon instantly started talking to the other students.
‘Not bad, yourself?’ A dark-skinned boy gave Halgon a big smile. obviously, he had found something that he really liked.
‘Sir, we are closing, please.’ The magiman beside them hurried them along. 
‘Hey, guess what? The shop gives us a 70%-off special offer!’ Halgon waved at those students to come back. ‘What do you think we should buy?’
‘Sir, you can’t do this!’ The magiman beside Halgon was suddenly anxious. 
Something is wrong! Seeing all of this, Rodka was the second to react. Although he was really excited himself, he had not forgotten what had happened last time. Halgon is sending signals!
‘It’s ok Blamer, we just want some advice.’ Omifo also became aware of the situation, stepping back from the magiman.
‘No, you can’t do this. Otherwise you will have to give up the special offer.’ Several magimen began to move towards Soarame’s crew.
‘Hey, it’s ok. We won’t interrupt, then. Good luck, you guys!’ The other group of students also sensed something weird and tried to leave; Halgon was so anxious that he tried to think of a way to signal them to run for help when they got out. However, from the crystal ball, Max was actually observing all the details; it was too late.
‘Smart kids, you can all stay and have a nice talk now.’ All of the magimen suddenly dashed over, and the gate of MagiMax closed by itself!
‘What do you want, Max?’
Seeing the sudden change, Rodka instantly pulled out his magic wand and shielded his friends behind him. Inside he felt so frustrated and stupid; how could he have been such an idiot as to ignore Halgon’s repeated signals until it was too late?
Max didn’t answer, but the magimen used their actions to respond to Rodka’s question — the other group of students was tackled by a group of magimen. The magimen were much more powerful than the kids, so there was hardly any resistance before the kids were all captured and taken away somewhere. Halgon was determined to start the fight back while the other group was struggling, but everything finished in seconds, so he couldn’t do much to help them.
‘Smart move, but not enough.’ One of the magimen looked at where Halgon was standing, a bit surprised that this boy had no hesitation about fighting. Even Rodka had to hesitate for a second before he sprang into action; but Halgon had already kicked down a magiman and hidden himself in the shadows by using a shadowcape spell.
‘What’s going on?’ Alicey was terrified to see the abrupt emergency. She was holding Rodka’s robe and hiding behind him, shivering.
‘Soarame, you take care of Alicey, ok?’ Rodka said deeply. ‘No offence but your Water spells won’t help much here, so leave the fight to us if it really does happen. But promise me you will stay with Alicey and look after her!’
‘I will.’ Soarame nodded curtly. Although he was a bit panicked like everyone else, he had been well trained by Scankeen to stay calm and judge the situation. 
‘It’s ok, I don’t mean to hurt you.’ Obviously, a magiman had heard Rodka. ‘I only wanted to ask some questions, and then you will be free to go.’
‘How come it’s so hard to perform magic here?’ Rodka had a look of profound disbelief on his face. He had been trying to prepare his spells, but he suddenly realised that he could no longer summon magic elements. ‘Something is wrong! This place is weird!’

‘The emblem is not working either!’ Omifo had just discovered that the Libral Emblem had stopped functioning, so he could not send out messages.
‘Of course.’ On the other side of a crystal ball, Max was sniggering in the darkness. He had spent lots of time and effort in setting up a magic seal around the building to isolate everything from the outside world. This meant that the magic elements outside could not be summoned, and therefore very little magic could be performed by using only the magic elements inside the building. Halgon had been lucky enough to summon just enough Darkness elements in the building to hide himself in the shadows, but he was the only one who could do any kind of spell so far. Without magic power, the kids could be taken down easily by the wooden robots; and more importantly, the magic seal disabled the Libral Emblems, so that the kids wouldn’t have back-up coming to help them. 
‘Now if I were you, I would sit down and try to answer questions, so you can walk out of here in one piece.’ Max’s voice sounded from a magiman.
Crack!
Before his words finished, a magiman fell to the floor and broke apart. The magimen next to it rushed over, only to find that the crystal chips inside the fallen robot had been broken by some kind of sharp weapon.
‘Halgon, you’ve surprised me yet again!’ Max’s voice boomed out through the building. ‘You are not only a wizard, but also a warrior at the same time?’
Crack!
What answered Max was the noise of another magiman falling down and breaking apart. Everyone was surprised by Halgon’s move; Rodka grabbed his wand tightly, ready to fight too.
‘Stop! Or I will have to hurt your friends!’ Max yelled like mad, but it was an empty threat — another three cracks sounded simultaneously, and three of the magimen surrounding the friends fell over and shattered. At the same time, a shadow dashed over to the friends and pushed a dagger into each person’s hand. ‘Spells won’t work here, just use these and fight your way to the gate!’
‘I’ll find you!’ The magimen all started to yell at the shadow, but the shadow appeared again and kicked over another magiman.
‘You heard him! Wake up and fight!’ Rodka roared to his friends and pushed his dagger into a magiman’s wooden chest. After a similar cracking noise, the magiman fell to the floor, just like the others that had been destroyed by Halgon.
‘Go, go, go!’ Kardiac was the next one to get a magiman. Although he was frightened, his body weight helped him out when he ran into a magiman and knocked it over. Soarame and Omifo also broke out of the circle of magimen, dragging a screaming Alicey with them. 
‘Damn you!’ Max hadn’t expected the kids to have such fast reactions. He had lost ten magimen in a few seconds; that was just careless. With growing anger, Max controlled all the remaining magimen and made them dash towards the friends, with a few of them heading towards the gate to guard it.
‘Get the heck away from me!’ Kardiac was screaming and trying to knock another magiman over, but this time he didn’t make it because the magiman was ready with its counter attack. Kardiac found himself grasped in the robot’s hard wooden arms and lifted into the air.
‘Kardy!’ Soarame had to leave Alicey to Omifo and rush over to help Kardiac, but halfway there he was tackled by another magiman and dropped his dagger. The magiman holding Soarame was trying to do something, but suddenly it fell over after a crack.
‘Protect Alicey and follow Rodka! I’ll take care of Kardy!’ Halgon’s shadow floated over Soarame towards Kardiac. Soarame bit his lips and jumped up, fetched his dagger and helped Omifo to take down another magiman, then dragged the frightened Alicey towards the gate.
After a series of noises behind Soarame’s back, Halgon had Kardiac on his back and rushed towards the friends. Kardiac was still not sure what had just happened; he only saw a shadow pass in front of him, and the next second he was released from the robot arms and sitting on the shadow’s back.
‘Halg, you bull!’ Watching himself moving like wind on the shadow’s back, Kardiac couldn’t help his excitement. ‘You’ll have to teach me all these martial arts!’
‘Only if we can get out of here!’ Halgon didn’t even sound tired after the intense fighting so far. ‘Here’s your knife again, but be more careful this time!’
‘Damn these kids, damn that Halgon!’ In the secret room, a mad Max was roaring aloud. He knew that all the kids were wizards, so he expected them to be taken down by his magimen easily because they couldn’t perform magic. Nonetheless, Halgon’s incredible fighting abilities made Max less sure about his seemingly perfect plan. 
It had to be plan B, then. Max looked at the twenty or so broken magimen and almost wanted to cry. The magimen were really expensive to assemble and it was hard to make function; each of them took Max a few days to build and it only had only taken a few minutes for the kids to destroy so many of them. 
Due to the large number of magimen, the kids’ attempt to break out of the building didn’t work out, unfortunately. They were cornered soon enough, and this time they couldn’t manage to do much any more. They had to group together, weapons in hands, facing the magimen, in a stalemate. Max didn’t want to lose more magimen, so the robots stayed in a circle and didn’t approach.
‘You kids have really upset me.’ A magiman stepped forward to face the now surrounded kids. ‘As I said, I only wanted to ask some questions and set you free after that, but now you have made such a mess! You will pay for this!’
‘Ha- ha, of course we should trust you.’ Halgon mocked the disembodied voice with a bitter laugh. ‘Like when you stole my duckbear egg!’
‘You knew about that?’ Max was shocked. ‘You knew and you played the fool?’
‘I was just wondering how you think you’ll be able to clear up the mess you’ve made for yourself here.’ Halgon didn’t answer Max, but asked a question instead. ‘You tried to kidnap us for whatever reason, but you think that’s the end of it? Everybody saw us here at your shop, and you think you will be just fine after this?’
‘That’s not for you to worry about.’ Max had been indeed worried about this, but he had all his back-up plans in place. His initial plan had been to hypnotise the kids after he captured them, asking them to bring him the cat-like magimal, as well as telling him more about the duckbear egg. At the same time, hypnosis could make the kids forget about what had happened to them, and replace the true experience with a made-up memory — for example, it could make them think that they had bought lots of good stuff and returned home happily, only to find that Snower had disappeared. In that case, no one would bring trouble to Max later. In fact, Max had used this hypnosis trick to settle a few previous incidents, so that no one had been able to discover his secret activities so far. He had just used that very technique to handle the other group of kids and send them away. However, Soarame’s group was the real deal — the plan was encountering some serious problems right now.
 All because of this Halgon! Max’s eyes flared with rage as he stared at Halgon in the crystal ball. ‘So, it was actually your egg? I thought it was Soarame’s.’
‘It doesn’t matter now.’ Halgon was a little sorry for letting his secret slip, but he didn’t care any more. ‘Whosever it is… damn, it’s poison gas! Guys, hold your breath!’
‘Ha-ha, you are really impressive, boy!’ The magiman laughed. ‘I am really curious about who you are now — even Rodka doesn’t understand things the way you do! But it’s too late, have a nice sleep!’
Soon enough, the kids fell over, one by one. The magimen came and tied them up, then carried them downstairs via a secret staircase. The magimen stopped at a wall and waited for a few seconds for a part of the wall to flip around; a corridor was revealed behind it. The magimen went in and entered one of the secret rooms along the corridor, then tied the kids to chairs in front of a man with a big belly. The man was fully covered in a black robe, with his face under a hood and veil, only leaving his eyes visible.
‘Finally, there you go.’ 
Max stared at the kids, who were sitting comatose in the chairs. His cheeks, limbs, and most of all his belly were shaking out of anger. It had been years since he was so angry — almost half of his magimen were destroyed. Just thinking about the money they’d cost him, and the time and effort he would have to put in repairing them, Max was on the point of going completely nuts. And that was before he even counted the loss of profits from today’s bogus half-price sale. He still needed to perform careful hypnosis and question these kids, and he didn’t know whether he could get what he wanted from them by the end of the day. This gamble had been way too costly already; Max was beginning to seriously regret his reckless actions. But after so many years of hiding inside a damn building, Max was not really enjoying his life any more, and nothing in this world seemed attractive to him, except for money — and even more money — and some barely attainable magical treasures. If he could get a potential Baron magimal, plus understand the mysterious magic seal on the magimal egg, it could add so much more colour to his drab and furtive life!
‘Ahh! Where are we?’
After Max put a small potion in front of the kids and let the disgusting smell work its evil way up their unsuspecting noses, they all woke up pretty fast. Everyone was startled and afraid in the first few seconds, but soon enough they calmed down and tried to figure out what had happened. Even Alicey seemed to have adapted herself to the situation; she didn’t cry any more, although she still seemed terrified and kept her head down and her eyes closed.
‘Alicey, are you ok?’ Soarame was worried. Alicey didn’t speak but just nodded. Because her head was bowed, Soarame could barely see that she was frowning and seemed to be really concentrated on something. 
‘Max?’ Finding everyone safe for now, Rodka got round to take a long hard look at the obscurely dressed, pot-bellied man in front of him.
‘Answer my questions and you will be free to go.’ Max didn’t want to waste any time now. ‘First question is to Halgon: how do I break the seal on the duckbear egg?’
‘What seal?’ Halgon looked really confused. ‘I don’t know what you are talking about.’
‘Damn it!’ Max looked into Halgon’s eyes and realised that, unbelievable as it seemed, he wasn’t lying. So he had to turn to Soarame instead. ‘Second question to you: what does your magimal look like?’
‘What magimal?’ Soarame was acting the same as Halgon. ‘I don’t know what you are talking about.’
‘Ahhhhh!’ This was not doing anything good for Max’s rapidly rising blood pressure. ‘You really take me for a complete idiot, don’t you?’
‘Soarame, I think he’s talking about the wild cat you just adopted,’ Rodka cut in. ‘I just can’t believe everyone thinks it’s a magimal — how could anyone really believe that? Where did you hear about all this anyway, Max?’
‘You don’t ask me questions! I ask questions and you answer them!’ Max could feel his heart pumping in irregular and probably dangerous ways — after all, the information about Soarame’s magimal was purely from Casavin, and he wasn’t actually sure now if he should have taken it seriously or not. 
Thinking of this, Max lost the few shreds of patience remaining to him. He took out a few odd-looking crystal balls, getting ready to perform his special hypnosis. This wasn’t hypnosis in the normal sense, like he had done to the other group of kids; it was a form of crystal magic that didn’t just hypnotise people, but also cast their memory into the crystal ball, allowing others to view it. In that way, everything that Max wanted to see would be crystal clear. Max hadn’t planned to use it originally because it came at a much greater cost, but now he realised he was forced to.
‘What are you doing?’ Soarame instantly felt nervous. Whatever Max was doing, he was sure it would not be good for them.
‘Don’t worry, it doesn’t hurt.’ Max put one crystal ball in front of each kid. ‘When you wake up again, you will be back home already.’
‘Damn it, stop!’ Halgon was truly panicked for the first time, as he recognized the crystal hypnosis instruments. He couldn’t afford to have his memory visualized, because it would be a disaster for everyone, and especially for his family!
‘That’s enough, Max.’
Just when Halgon was determined to do something, a cold voice sounded from behind Max, and the keen blade of a sword appeared across Max’s neck.
‘WHAT THE HELL?’ Max almost wet his pants — a man was holding a sword behind him? How could this be possible? How had he got into his secret room, and how long had he been there?
The kids were just as stunned as Max was by this sudden change in the situation. A man in black had suddenly emerged from behind another man in black! 
‘Sachastain!’ Soarame was the first to recognise the mysterious man. ‘How come you are here?’
‘Sorry to keep you waiting, guys.’ Sachastain gave the kids a big smile. ‘And you too, Max.’
‘Who the hell are you?’ It was now Max’s turn to panic. ‘How did you get in here?’
‘Don’t worry about that.’ Sachastain threw a dagger towards each kid, cutting the ropes that bound them. ‘All you need to do is to lead us out and turn yourself in.’
‘Sachastain, it’s really great to see you!’ Halgon was clearly overjoyed. Sachastain had actually saved his life; if he’d showed up one second later, who knew what nightmares might have occurred? Unlike his friends, who could probably walk away after being hypnotized, Halgon would be put in extreme danger because of his secret.
‘Alright, let’s get the hell out of here.’ Sachastain tapped his sword on Max’s shoulder. ‘Open the door, Max. Or do I have to say “please”?’
‘Not until you tell me how you got in here.’ Max was persistent about this. ‘There’s no way that you could have snuck into my secret room, no way!’
‘Emm… Max, he’s right behind you!’ Kardiac laughed.
‘It’s called magic,’ Sachastain teased. ‘I don’t think you are in a position for bargaining, Max. So open the door before my hand slips and accidentally slits your throat.’
‘Humph, you do it if you can, you sneaky rat.’ Max turned around to look at Sachastain. ‘Remember, you killed these poor kids here!’
‘Watch out! Get down!’ Sachastain instantly sensed danger. He tried to move his sword, but found that it was stuck to Max’s shoulder for some weird reasons. But he didn’t have time to figure out why; all that Sachastain could do in the next second was throw himself onto the kids, covering them as much as he could using his own body.
BOOMMMM!
At the same time, an explosion ripped through the secret room and the walls were blown to pieces. Max stepped out of the ashes, uninjured. Sachastain, on the other hand, spat out a great stream of blood — he had been badly injured protecting the kids from the explosion. The kids were fine, just frightened.
‘Sachastain!’ Soarame supported Sachastain with his shoulder. 
‘Crap! A pre-set bomb!’ Sachastain coughed in sharp pain. ‘I underestimated him… if this guy has backup tricks like that, he must be a lifetime criminal rather than just a crooked shopkeeper.’
‘It’s too late to talk about all this right now, isn’t it?’ Max came towards Sachastain. ‘You miserable, sneaky rat!’
‘I offer you one last chance, tell me how you got in here and I’ll spare the kids’ lives.’ Max’s voice made the kids pale. 
‘You really expect me to believe you?’ Sachastain was breathing heavily. Max was not totally unaffected by the explosion — his hood and veil had been blown off, so his face was finally exposed to the light. As an experienced warrior and assassin, Sachastain knew clearly that if the kidnaper’s face was not exposed, the victims would be likely to survive; but once exposed, the whole thing would most likely become a fatal tragedy. And this is all thanks to me! Sachastain wished he could tell them how bad he felt.
Everyone finally saw Max’s face. It was a big, pear-shaped face with an obese jaw and a thin forehead; on top of his head there was some grey hair on both sides, but he was completely bald in the middle. All of these details didn’t matter, but what did matter was that the kids saw his face. This was the worst possible scenario, but most of the group did not know this — not even Rodka.
‘Believe me or not, you think I care?’ Max sneered. ‘Tell me, and I will give you a quick, merciful death. Otherwise…’
‘Ouch!’ Before Max had finished his words, a shadow threw itself into him in a flash. Max was caught off guard and almost went down, but the shadow stopped abruptly when it got close to Max and was stuck there. A dagger showed up in front of Max’s nose — the tip was a mere few inches away.

A DRAGON?


The dagger was in Halgon’s hands. He felt as if he had crashed into an invisible wall in front of Max and stopped sharply. Halgon had been waiting for his chance to pull off a snap shot and he would have succeeded; however, due to the invisible wall he had actually hurt himself instead.
‘He has a defensive magigear,’ Sachastain said to Halgon. ‘That’s why I didn’t manage to put him down in the first place.’ Sachastain was amazed by Halgon’s snap attack; it seemed that this kid knew about the kidnapper’s rules, so he had made this desperate attempt. 
‘What defensive magigear can do this?’ Halgon was pale due to the pain all over his body. The blockage function of the magigear was very unusual and he was unprepared for it. Everyone subconsciously checked Max’s body, and noticed a diamond-shaped crystal plate on his chest; it was of a good size and could be partially seen through his torn clothes.
‘That plate must be it. And it must be of really high rank, although I don’t know what exactly it is.’ Sachastain coughed out another spray of blood. ‘You guys go now, I’ll take him!’
‘How dare you!’ Max was shocked by Halgon’s sudden assault; sweat was dripping from his forehead. At the same time, Max suddenly realised something — perhaps because of Halgon’s assault — and pointed at Sachastain. ‘I see! Shadowcape! you can perform Darkness magic too? That would be the only way to sneak in!’ 
Max had got it right this time. Sachastain had heard of the MagiMax sale and thought it abnormal, plus he knew about the duckbear egg from the kids. Therefore, once he saw Soarame and his friends leave campus, he decided to follow them secretly. Thank god he had come; there was really a big problem here. 
Sachastain had actually got into MagiMax quite a long time ago, during the busiest time in the morning, while Soarame’s crew was waiting outside. While people knew that Sachastain was a highly trained warrior, he’d been keeping the fact secret that he was also competent in Darkness magic; so getting into a big busy building using the shadowcape spell with no one specifically looking for him was as easy as strolling in the park. Then he hid in the darkness and waited to see what would happen in the end. Because Darkness elements are black in colour, they fit perfectly in shadows and even Soarame’s special eyes didn’t spot the trick. Thanks to his patience, he was still there when Max closed the gate and trapped the kids.
Sachastain didn’t hurry to rescue the kids because Max hadn’t shown himself yet, and there was almost no way to find him in a strange building full of traps and secret rooms. Sachastain kept watching and waiting and was ready to fight if the kids were really in danger, but what Halgon was capable of had really amazed him; so that he didn’t have to do anything until the kids were put to sleep. After that, Sachastain finally got the chance to follow the magimen into Max’s secret room. Max might have had a chance to detect Sachastain in normal circumstances, but he was really exhausted and distracted by all the unexpected things the kids had done in his shop.
‘How dare you, you two pathetic rats!’ Figuring out what happened, Max really blew his top. If it hadn’t been for the defensive magigear being the best in the world, Max would have been cut down by the attacks from Sachastain and Halgon. Even so, Max knew he was not able to physically fight a professional warrior, even if the warrior was injured; and then there was Halgon, who was not bad at all either. There was nothing else for it; before the kids realized what was happening, a series of chittering noises echoed through the room, and a torrent of tiny shapes pounced into the secret room towards them.
‘Rats! Thousands of rats are coming!’ Alicey suddenly raised her head and screamed. She was right but it didn’t give the friends much time to prepare; they were under attack by the teeming horde of rats in the next second. A cacophony of chittering, scratching, yelling and screaming filled the air.
‘You call us rats?’ Soarame was holding Alicey in his arms and howling at Max. ‘You are the biggest rat of all!’ Soarame appeared to be the only one who was not at all affected by wave of rats — for some reason the rats were encircling him but not attacking him.
‘Go away!’ Soarame didn’t spend much time wondering why. He took out Volsta’s black feather and waved it around, trying to cover his friends and gathering them together. ‘How can he control so many rats? Are they all his bonded magimals?’
‘He can’t bond to this many rats in one go! Plus these are just ordinary rats, not magimals!’ Halgon shouted. ‘He must have bonded himself to their king, so the king commanded his soldiers to come here and attack us! We need to find the rat king!’
‘Damn, I really wish Snower was here!’ Shivering behind Soarame, Kardiac couldn’t help muttering. ‘She should be good at handling rats, right?’
‘What the heck is that mangy feather thing?’ Astonished by Soarame’s actions, Max had no time to think about what was going on. He made the instant decision to withdraw the magic seal from the building, so that he could perform magic and put an end to this chaos.
How could he perform magic? Soarame was the first to notice that Max had started summoning magic elements, thanks to his special eyes. ‘Guys… things have changed! He’s performing magic, watch out!’
‘We can perform magic now, too!’ Rodka instantly tried to chant a spell. ‘But he’s much stronger, we are not a match!’
‘Go! Don’t look back!’ Sachastain pushed the kids out of the broken room, but then he was attacked by the ferocious rat wave right away. Sachastain knew he couldn’t really hurt Max because of that mysterious defensive magigear, but his intention was to win some time for the kids to escape.
Seeing Max starting to chant a long and obscure incantation, Soarame swung his wand, purely by instinct, and sprayed a beam of water at Max’s mouth. However, the invincible incantation choker didn’t work this time, as it was blocked by the invisible wall too. Max gave Soarame a sneering glance; he noticed that the boy was a Grade-2 Water wizard, according to his emblem. How pathetically weak! He sneered inwardly.
‘Soarame, get the heck out of here!’ Sachastain barked at Soarame. Soarame clenched his fists and hesitated for another second, but then he had to run with his friends.
‘Bloody hell!’ However, after getting out of the broken room, the kids were stunned to see the things in front of them — there were countless twisted corridors intersecting each other. ‘It’s a maze?!’
‘God! What shall we do now?’ They were all flustered. Sachastain wouldn’t be able to win them much time and they all knew it. ‘We are so doomed this time!’
Calm down, calm down! Knowing that Sachastain was unlikely to survive the terrible rat wave, Soarame couldn’t help yelling at himself inside. There has to be a way to survive this, I just need to figure it out!
‘This way… follow me!’ Just when everyone was on the point of desperation, a small shaking voice sounded through the dust and chaos. Although it sounded weak and tremulous, they all swore that this was the most beautiful voice they’d ever heard, with the best news they had ever wanted to hear — they were so wishing for someone to say these words, but now they couldn’t really believe it had actually came true.
‘Alicey?’ Soarame was surprised to realize that the voice actually came from the little girl who they thought they were trying to protect.
‘Sachastain, come with us!’ Alicey shouted, then rushed ahead into a corridor. The boys dashed back to Sachastain and together they dragged him out, following Alicey. Although no one knew how or why Alicey could figure out the maze, they had to blindly trust her and run as fast as they could. They were pleading in their hearts as they rushed blindly along, hoping for Alicey the genius girl wizard to lead them to the right way out. However, a few seconds later, the friends made yet another turn and found themselves face to face with —
‘What!’ Their hearts sank. There was a blank wall in front of them. 
‘Alicey?’ Soarame looked at her anxiously.
‘Break it! The shortest way out is behind the wall!’ Alicey was already preparing her spells, which Soarame recognized to be windblades.
‘Lepida-tou-anemou!!’
‘Petra-bala!!’
‘Bouloni-fotia!!’
Right away, everyone started chanting their best attacking spells; windblades, firebolts and rockchunks were pouring towards the wall. Just when Soarame was ready to give up his secret, join the force and cast windblades too, his necklace suddenly lit up in a dim green glow. Instantly, a beam of refreshing coolness flowed into his restless mind — I must stay calm and hold out, it’s not the last moment yet! 
While Soarame was breathing heavily to restrain his eagerness, the rest of the crew had cracked the wall open —
‘Gee!’
‘Aww!’
‘Meowow!’
‘What the …??’
The friends jumped through the hole in the wall but were suddenly transfixed — they were in the magimal room! A large number of baby magimals seemed to have been resting and sleeping in the big room, but now they were showing every sign of alarm at the uninvited guests.
‘I’m sorry, I’m so sorry!’ Alicey screamed to the poor babies, who were shaking and hiding, terrified to see them breaking in. ‘We’re just passing through, but come to think of it, you guys might want to run with us too!’
Alicey was right — the rat wave wasn’t going to just let them run away like that. They had followed them all way down there, still trying to attack them. However, an unexpected scene happened next second — although the magimal babies were scared of the sudden appearance of a bunch of human wizards, they seemed to be pretty excited to see the countless army of small creatures coming to their dinner table — after all, they were magimals, and there were a lot of them, too!
‘Meowowow!!’
‘Wuaaa!!’
‘Awww!!’
The baby magimals burst into action and instinctively lined up to fight the rats. The cat-like magimals especially, although they were mostly of Novice level, were born to be the natural enemies of rats; this unexpected live hunting treat was something that they had seldom had a chance to enjoy before.
‘Stop staring, run!’ Alicey was still really afraid of the rats. She opened the front door of the magimal room and dashed out, followed by the entire crew. This time, they were facing a much simpler corridor and could actually get out of this scary place.

‘Damn you all!’ 
A raging howl issued from behind them like an unholy gale — Max was approaching too!
‘The exterior wall is protected by a magic barrier! It’s impossible to break through!’ The crew had come out into the main hall, only to find that they couldn’t get out of the building. However, the situation was much better than back in the secret rooms, because here they had a much bigger space to dodge Max’s attacks, and also had a better chance to do all kinds of other things.
‘Awawaw!’
‘Wuwuwu!’
‘Howlhowl!’
With a series of whining noises, a disorderly flock of terrified baby magimals followed the friends to the main hall, trying to escape and hide. It seemed that they could no longer enjoy hunting for food and had to flee; because right behind them, a big belly with a half-bald head on top stepped out from the chaos of crushed and broken walls. 
‘Where are you going?’ With a wave of Max’s wand, a number of snake-headed whips made of flame burst out, roaring and rolling, coming towards the kids.
‘Holly mama… firesnakes?!’ Seeing the spell chasing them out of the secret room, Kardiac almost wet his pants. He finally saw his dream Fire spell, perhaps the dream spell of every Fire student, perfomed by a real Fire Expert, except that this was not an ideal situation in which to witness it.
Firesnakes? Everyone was trying to take this in. The worst case had happened — the firesnake spell indicated that Max was a professor-levelled wizard. There were dozens of firesnakes, roaring and blowing flames with scarily high temperatures, coming towards their targets. Sachastain tried to fight one of the firesnakes with his sword, but with just a single touch, the sword melted. Luckily, Sachastain was swift enough to roll over and dodge the snake. Elsewhere, Rodka made several attempts to fight against the firesnakes, but failed miserably.
‘We are so dead…’ Kardiac was hiding behind the counter, surrounded by two firesnakes. The high temperature from the flames was going to bake him dry, but luckily the firesnakes didn’t jump on him — it seemed that Max was trying to avoid accidentally burning the house down.
At that moment, everyone was surrounded by several firesnakes. ‘It would be a shame if I killed you so easily without getting what I want,’ Max sneered at Soarame. ‘I will leave you as a hostage, and let you watch your friends get burned alive — starting with the little girl here, how about that?’
‘Ahhh!!’ Seeing a firesnake moving towards her, Alicey burst out into high-pitched screaming.
‘Shame on you!’ Soarame was nauseated by the outrageous threat; he covered the tearful Alicey with his own body. ‘If you hurt her or any of us, you will never get Snower!’
‘Snower?’ Max was puzzled for a second, and then his eyes lit up. ‘That rare magimal of yours?’
‘Yes, she’s a real top-rank,’ Soarame answered. ‘If you let my friends go, I will give her to you.’
‘Ha-ha-ha, you think I’m some sucker kid like you?’ Max laughed aloud. ‘You sign a magic pact and go get it for me, and then I’ll let your friends go after they sign it, too!’
‘No way! Let them go now, or you won’t get her, ever!’
‘Really? We will see about that.’ Max was angry enough to do more or less anything. With Soarame protecting Alicey, the firesnakes couldn’t get to her, so Max switched to his next target — the firesnakes waiting around Halgon suddenly woke up and pounced on the boy, the one that Max had wanted to kill for quite a while now. Max put six firesnakes onto Halgon, so that he would not have a chance to dodge the siege.
‘Nooo!!’ Seeing this, everyone knew that Halgon would not be able to do much but take the attack and would probably get burned up entirely. But the group was too far away from Halgon to do anything — except for Kardiac, who was surrounded by two firesnakes himself.
‘HALG!’ Kardiac didn’t think about it; he just leaped towards Halgon. Although Kardiac was terrified, he just could not watch his brother get burned in front of him. Kardiac couldn’t forget what had happened in the beetalbull nest — he had wimped out and his friends had saved him. Deep in his heart, Kardiac blamed himself for not listening to Halgon’s repeated warnings since they had got here today; if he had, they might not have ended up in this lethal mess.
At that moment, Kardiac saw the firesnakes inches away and could feel the burning temperature. He closed his eyes and hoped that his friends would revenge him for his sacrifice. The next second, Kardiac was knocked flat by a huge force and lost consciousness. 
‘HOAWWW!’ Out of nowhere, a sonorous dragon roar sounded. A giant figure flashed by, putting itself between Kardiac and the firesnakes. This happened amid bolts of lightning and the sparks of firestone, and left everyone totally struck —
A dragon?
It was a dragon!
A dragon had emerged from somewhere, and blocked the firesnakes for Kardiac and Halgon!
A dragon, with scales glimmering all over its body and a pair of huge wings on its back, was roaring in front of everyone!
They were dumbfounded, jaws hanging slack. Max had stopped his attack; now he was just rubbing his eyes in astonishment. He kept doing it, to make sure the live dragon in front of him was not some kind of illusion.
Yes, it was indeed a real live dragon, and it was gasping heavily due to the pain of the massive burn. Its wings were covering the major part of its body that suffered the most from the firesnakes; they also protected the unconscious Kardiac behind it.
But this is impossible! After the Grant Migration of dragons, how could there still be any in the human world? Masses of thoughts flashed through everyone’s mind, especially Max — he found himself totally lost. It was part of the irresistible power of a magic pact that no dragon survived in the human world after the Grant Migration!
The heavy breath of the dragon aroused Max’s consciousness; now was not the moment to ponder it all. While the others were still in shock, Max ordered the remaining firesnakes to gather, roaring, ready to launch another strike.
‘Hoawwww!’ The dragon roar sounded again, with its unique feeling of coercion and deterrence against its enemy. It was the legendary born-talent of dragons, the Dragon Awe. An adult dragon could overawe an enemy of Max’s level into submission with just a single Dragon Awe. However, this one didn’t seem powerful enough to do that to Max; it only made Max anxious and afraid but didn’t make him yield. Despite that, it had awed Omifo and Alicey into unconsciousness at the same instant that the dragon had showed up, so that only Soarame, Rodka, Sachastain and Max got to witness what happened. Judging from its physical size, the dragon in front of Kardiac was too small compared to the descriptions in the books, so Max believed that this dragon was not an adult yet. This gave Max a golden chance to defeat the young dragon, and Max couldn’t help feeling lucky, although the whole thing was uncanny. 
‘Halgon?’ Soarame barely understood what had just happened, and he could not believe what he saw — one moment Kardiac was running to save Halgon, and the next, Halgon had disappeared and a dragon had appeared instead.
So… Halgon was… a dragon? This was a bit too much for tired brains to cope with. Right now was not a good time to think anyway, because Max’s next attack was about to launch.
‘Hoaw!’ Halgon fought with all his strength. In dragon form, he could power up to Expert level, but he was still weaker than Max. Facing the next round of firesnakes, Halgon only had time to summon an icearmour to the surface of his body, with his wings covering his body and upper claws covering his head. 
A small dragon covering its big head with its tiny little paws actually looked quite funny, but no one on site could bear to enjoy the scene. They heard the painful roar of the dragon and the scary, fizzy sound of his skin and scales getting burned. Obviously, the firesnakes were not easy to deal with, even for a dragon armed with icearmour.
‘Go to hell!’ With a savage laugh, Max was about to make his last strike and finish off this stupid dragon, which had come out of nowhere. Halgon’s transformation into a dragon was his final secret ace card; he had almost used this in the beetalbull nest but luckily Soarame had saved him from doing so. That’s why he was always grateful and had been taking so many risks helping him since then. However, luck had deserted him today. Halgon had finally had to show his incredible secret, but even so he couldn’t make the situation much better.
‘Ahhh!’ At this critical moment, Max suddenly shrieked, looking at his right arm in horror — his right hand suddenly broke apart from his body and dropped to the floor! 
Max was stupefied. He stared at his missing hand. His wand had been in that hand and, because of that, his next attack was cut off and Halgon got a short break. Looking around, astonished, Max saw a mad Soarame, his newly purchased wand in hand. His friends being in danger had roused Soarame to craziness — his hair stood on end, the magic wand in his hand was drawing something at a speed too fast for the naked eyes to see, and the incantation he was chanting went so fast that even Rodka couldn’t follow.
Windblade! It was Soarame’s best spell, windblade, that had caught Max off guard!
Halgon fell to the ground, bruised and battered. But seeing Soarame injure Max, Halgon revealed a hint of a smile in the corners of his dragon eyes. 
Meanwhile, Soarame was surprised too — he hadn’t expected his windblade to work because he saw that Max was wearing some kind of defensive magigear that easily blocked Sachastain and Halgon’s attack. Why had his attack worked?
Max was still in painful shock. According to Soarame’s Libral Emblem, the boy was a Grade-2 Water! Why was he casting windblades?
Soarame swung his right hand rapidly and instantly a dozen of windblades of every size whistled toward Max. This time Max saw it clearly — those were indeed windblade spells. Not only that, those windblades were at least of Adept level!
A Water student? Grade 2? That was the funniest joke ever! Max rolled on the floor to dodge them and picked up his magic wand with his left hand. His great pain was telling him that everything was real, but glancing at his right hand on the ground, Max still felt that this was a bad dream — how could a Novice Water boy cut off his arm with a goddam windblade?!
With one hand lost, Max knew that his plan was completely broken. Even if he got what he wanted, it would not make up for all the mess. This gamble today had turned out to be a miserable failure. And he wouldn’t even be able to cover it all up; he’d have to flee right after he’d finished this. 
‘Goddam brat, you must die!’ Hearing Max’s voice, several firesnakes rushed towards Soarame, trying to engulf him. So far, Soarame was the only one that had injured Max — not Rodka, not Halgon, not even Sachastain! How does this kid deserve to hurt me and stay alive! If I hadn’t tried to save the energy of the magigear… Thinking of this, Max swore that he would burn Soarame to ashes.
‘Soarame!’ Everyone was frantically anxious, but none of them could really help. The firesnakes were much faster and they had caught up with Soarame already.
Boommm! The firesnakes ran into Soarame and a blast ensued. The flames burned down the wall in just a few seconds and this broke the sound isolation seal that Max had set up on the building. Now, for the first time, people in the city heard the noise and noticed the building on fire. 
‘SOARAME!!!’ Sachastain and Rodka — the only two who were still awake — were devastated. 
‘I’m ok!’ Just as the two tried to make a desperate strike, Soarame’s voice sounded from above.
‘Soarame? You… can… fly?’
A moment ago, the desperate Soarame had roared, seeing the firesnakes coming toward his face. His eyes went black as the roasting of the fiery heat surrounded him. He seemed to see his soul breaking away from his body, rising up to the sky. After all, Max was way too strong for the boy. 
No, I’m not dying like this… I haven’t seen dad and mom yet! Soarame was not resigned at all to death coming. The next moment, he heard his friends crying, and became aware that it was not his soul that was rising up, it was actually his body.
‘You. Must. Be. Kidding. Me…’ Max was also staring up, as dull as a goose. As far as he knew, the flying spell was of Expert level and totally different from cyclone, which simply lifted stuff up and drop it soon after; even the graduating students from Libral could hardly manage to fly. Soarame himself didn’t understand what had happened either — he was just an Adept; how had he managed to fly without even learning it? 
But this is real! I can fly! Soarame woke up from the confusion and moved his body as he floated in the air. Wait, what’s this?
Soarame suddenly noticed a dim ray of green from his chest — it was the token from his master. 
Master’s token, it saved me? Soarame had a strange feeling that the green light was somehow shining into his mind ocean, so that he was feeling unprecedentedly refreshed and robust. In the next second, he dodged the attack from a firesnake — Max had already started attacking again. Although Soarame didn’t know how he learnt to fly, all that he needed to know was that he no longer had to die.
‘Resurgence!’ Sachastain muttered, his voice was shaking due to the overwhelming overjoy. ‘It’s resurgence, that’s what it is!’ 
To a wizard or a warrior, resurgence means someone has a breakthrough and levels up in an act of extremely strong will — usually in a situation where he is about to die or lose the most valuable thing in his life. Rodka and Max had also heard of resurgence, but they had never witnessed it. After all, Rodka was too young and there had never been any situations like this on campus; Max had always tried to hide and avoid hands-on confrontation against powerful rivals — this battle was perhaps the only exception. 
However, Sachastain was very different — he had actually experienced resurgence himself and learnt the shadowcape spell with which he survived in the end, back then. It was a grey and painful night when Sachastain resurged, and he never wanted to recall that time.
During resurgence, a person could sometimes learn a new skill with which (s)he could survive, but not always. Resurgence rarely happened; most of the time people failed. In Soarame’s case, he was really lucky to get help from the token during the resurgence, and learnt to fly because he had a gift in Wind. Relying on his instinct, Soarame soared to the roof of the building, where he had more space to dodge the firesnakes. The firesnakes went in hot pursuit of Soarame, but his small figure and nimble moves allowed him to dodge them all. Soon enough, the firesnakes burned through the roof, so Soarame could finally get out of the building from the top.
‘Look! What’s that?’ Some people had already noticed the fire at MagiMax, so they had tried to get help from the city. Now more people observed Soarame flying out of the building, with smoke all over his body.
‘That’s a kid!’
‘He’s flying! He’s a wizard!’
‘With moving flames chasing him!’
‘What the heck is going on?’
The longer the fight lasted, the braver Soarame became and the more skilfully he flew. Max’s breath became heavier and heavier — he could no longer win the fight. Watching Soarame soaring in the clouds, Max finally admitted his total failure. He had been tired already from controlling the magimen for the sale, even before the battle started; now he finally could not take it any more. Summoning and controlling the firesnakes was costing him mind power every single second. If he didn’t try to flee soon, he would be in deep trouble once the city force arrived. 
‘Screw you all! Go to hell together!’ With a wan laugh, Max called back the firesnakes around Soarame and made one last attempt — to kill everyone on the floor. 
‘NO! STOP!!!’ Soarame was puzzled for a second before he realised Max’s intentions, but it was too late for him to do anything now.
Clang! Right then, the wall of MagiMax was broken from the outside and something freezing headed through it.
‘What the…’ Max was about to react, but found that everything had disappeared in a huge wave of steam and vapour. Sachastain and Rodka were also stunned to see their friends and themselves covered in the vapour, not sure what had just happened. The question was answered soon enough; a big shining chunk of ice in the shape of a dragon came out of the vapour, and dashed towards Max, bringing with it freezing temperatures. 
Ice dragon? Max panicked — the kids’ helper has arrived! Max hurriedly commanded all the remaining firesnakes to run at the ice dragon, creating a huge cloud of vapour that covered the entire building.
‘Who’s that?’ Sachastain yelled. ‘Help the kids, please!’
‘There’s a criminal wizard called Max, the owner of the shop!’ Rodka yelled too. ‘Catch him before he runs away!’
‘Hello?’ Hearing no response, Sachastain yelled again. ‘Anyone there?’ Sachastain struggled to stand up with the help of his broken sword and moved carefully in the mass of vapour. All he could hear was Soarame, from above, asking if everyone was safe.
After a while, the vapour gradually dissipated and everyone was relieved. Until that point, no one had any idea what was going on, or who had come to their rescue. But the good news was that everyone was alive, including a naked Halgon.
‘What’s going on?’ Rodka asked. ‘Who was that and why did he ignore us?’
‘I don’t know. Whoever it was, he saved our lives… and perhaps he went after Max!’ Sachastain took a deep breath. ‘At least we survived, didn’t we?’
‘We were blessed!’ Soarame looked out and saw a group of people in uniforms running towards them. Meanwhile, Max was nowhere to be found, so they were finally safe.
‘City force! What happened?’ The uniformed group arrived and started to help. Sachastain and Rodka hurried to dress Halgon in a robe from MagiMax.
‘Soarame, you were insane!’ Seeing that the situation was under control, Rodka punched Soarame in the shoulder. ‘That was damn awesome! How did you do that?’
‘I don’t know!’ Soarame was also full of joy. ‘It’s mainly you guys and Halgon’s work, though. Will Halgon be ok?’
‘He’s badly burnt, but he won’t die, so don’t worry.’ Sachastain was not sure what to say about Halgon. Soarame was right; if not for Halgon, they would not have made it so far. Thinking of this boy, Rodka was also totally lost for words. No wonder Halgon was always cautious about everything and always preferred not to be known by the public. His secret was really way too big and scary.
Sachastain was the most heavily injured person. He had taken a frontal attack from a professor-level wizard, and had saved the kids. If he had not been injured he might have had a chance to challenge Max one-on-one, or he could have escaped for sure; but then all of the kids would have died. Soarame and Rodka were very grateful to Sachastain for his heroic action and asked the city force to take him to hospital immediately. Just when they started to tell the story to the city force, a number of dots appeared in the sky. Soon enough, the dots flew down and Soarame could tell that they were Principal Gazbell Raymend and some other teachers from Libral. 
‘What! Max did this?’ Gazbell was shocked after hearing the story — Soarame intentionally hid Halgon’s part. Gazbell blamed himself for not paying enough attention to Soarame — even though Scankeen had told him not to treat Soarame in any special way, it didn’t mean that he should watch him die. However, how could Gazbell have known all this? The Institute of Libral was in fact located in a totally different place than it seemed, so Gazbell could not even see the firesnakes in the sky over Cylone City.
‘Wait a second.’ Gazbell suddenly noticed something and went into the broken building. There was some special kind of energy moving around, which was invisible unless one was highly sensitive. 
‘What’s this?’ Gazbell closed his eyes and focused on feeling the energy that remained from the battle. ‘Does Max have some special magigear?’
‘He had a really high-ranking defensive magigear,’ Rodka instantly answered. ‘It blocked the attacks from Sachastain and Hal… uh, me.’ 
‘What does it look like?’ Gazbell seemed to suddenly become aware of something.
‘It was some kind of crystal plate, but we are not sure. When it worked, it made some kind of transparent shield that blocked everything.’ Rodka tried to elucidate all the details. ‘It made Sachastain’s sword stuck, my dagger stuck, and my body also bounced off it. Only Soarame’s windblade got through it.’
‘The windblade got through it?’ Gazbell looked really excited in the beginning, but frowned when he heard this. ‘Windblades can get through it?’
‘I think it’s because Max didn’t expect it, so he didn’t trigger the gear,’ Soarame cut in. ‘Because I did shoot other windblades and they all got blocked.’
‘That makes sense!’ Gazbell’s eyes shone. ‘He was saving energy for that magigear because he’s not powerful enough to use it. I’m almost sure that’s what happened, but it’s a shame that I couldn’t see it with my own eyes to confirm it.’
‘Sir, if you want I can try painting it out for you to see.’ Soarame spoke up. ‘I feel I can do it right now.’
‘You can? Now?’ Rodka knew what Soarame meant — the dream-painting, so he immediately asked for some ink and canvas and let Soarame try. Although Soarame had only succeeded once so far and it was during his dream, thanks to his master’s token, he had a strong intuition that he could do it awake right then; although he didn’t know what exactly had happened to him.
‘This is impressive! I didn’t know you were so talented!’ Soon enough, Gazbell marvelled at witnessing Soarame’s unique mind-painting. He became even more excited when he saw the diamond-shaped crystal plate hanging on the chest of a bald man — 
Indeed, that’s it! That’s it! Gazbell’s breath became heavier as he checked the details of the crystal plate on the canvas. ‘Thank you so much, Soarame! And all of you! You did a great job! I’ll let the teachers send you back to school, and I will visit you later.’ 
‘Unbelievable…’ Seeing Soarame and his friends leaving, Gazbell took a deep breath. Soarame’s accident did make him feel guilty and worried; but now that he was safe, Gazbell’s attention was totally captured by the unusual energy, and Soarame’s painting of Max’s defensive magigear. He really regretted that he had not been aware of this whole thing until now; otherwise he could easily have protected Soarame, thrown Max into prison, and dealt with the even bigger matter of that magigear — 
‘It was indeed the Mercy of the Demiurge… Unbelievable!’ Gazbell was totally shocked after he confirmed this with Soarame’s help. ‘That person was Max? But how is this possible?’

MERCY OF THE DEMIURGE


The battle was over and the friends left safely. Everyone was covered in ash and had bruises and burns all over, but fortunately there were no fatal injuries, and that included Halgon. Dean Romboton and Dean Akex arrived at the hospital and tried to take good care of the kids; after all, they did have some responsibility for this entire episode, after ignoring the students’ requests in the first place. The good thing was that the whole mess seemed to be over — at least for now.
The next morning, Soarame and Rodka woke up in the hospital and found that they were surrounded by their friends. It was a big crowd; everyone was there, including their classmates, Dileys’ entire crew, and many more that they knew. Omifo, Kardiac and Alicey had woken up before them, so the only one who was still unconscious was Halgon.
‘Soarame, you are up!’ Seeing Soarame awake, the crowd burst into cheers. ‘You guys are heroes now!’
‘Emm… What?’ Soarame didn’t get it, still clouded from sleep.
‘Yes, especially you, Soarame!’ Kardiac boomed. ‘Mr. Principal told me everything about the battle. He’s putting us on the front page of the campus newspaper!’
‘You were there, why did you have to hear everything from the Principal?’ A student asked, confused.
‘Hmmm, good question.’ Kardiac puffed up. ‘I got hit by six firesnakes, so I must have lost part of my memory.’
‘Poochee!’ Catheray couldn’t help laughing out loud. Everyone was chuckling and nobody bothered to pursue the matter further.
‘What are you laughing for?’ Kardiac was not happy. ‘You don’t believe me?’
‘Kardy, you were not even burnt!’ A girl just had to say it.
‘You call this not burnt?’ Kardiac pointed at his hair — half of it was gone, thanks to the firesnakes. 
‘He did try to save Halgon, using his own body,’ Soarame cut in and spoke for Kardiac. Omifo and Alicey also nodded hurriedly, backing up Soarame’s claim.
‘See?’ Kardiac was proud of himself, even though he began to wonder why he was all good other than having lost half of his hair, and how come Halgon had been so badly burned.
‘Soarame, I heard you actually flew in the end?’ Alicey had waited so long to ask this question. She was furious that she had passed out and missed so much. ‘You are a Water student, aren’t you?’
‘How come you can fly? Can you show us?’ Everyone was very confused and at the same time eager. ‘People saw you flying and they are putting it in the Cylone Times!’
‘Guys, give him a break.’ Seeing Soarame at a loss as to what to do, Rodka cut in. He was really in a good mood — everyone had survived the crisis; what could be better than that?
‘Oh, Sachastain just came over, and he said he will visit again later,’ Omifo said. ‘He seems to be fine and is already out of the hospital.’
‘That’s great! Sachastain is the real hero here,’ Soarame explained hurriedly. ‘If not for him, we wouldn’t be able to sit here and talk to you guys now!’
‘Really! It was that bad?’ The crowd didn’t fully comprehend the danger of the battle. ‘Tell us more!’
Soarame and his friends stepped out of the room to leave Halgon in peace and had a long talk about everything. When the sun was about to set, the big crowd was finally satisfied by the story and headed off, leaving only Soarame’s closest friends.
‘So Alicey, can I try your earring?’ Coming back into the hospital room, Kardiac hesitated but finally had to ask. ‘I really want to see how it feels to get a bird’s eye view of the structure of a building.’ 
During the previous conversation, the friends had learnt that Alicey could lead the way out of the maze because her earring was actually an Epic magigear that could provide some kind of perceptivity of the surroundings to the owner’s brain. Magigears with special functions like Scankeen’s token and Alicey’s earring were usually of Epic level and hence very rare, compared to those that cast spells, such as Saja’s and Casavin’s. From this, the friends could hazard a guess that Alicey must be from an important wizard family.
‘You really want to wear a girl’s earring?’ Catheray teased Kardiac. ‘Plus you heard her; it’s an Epic magigear so only she can use it!’
‘But how come an earring provides vision?’ Seeing Alicey chuckle, Kardiac had to scratch his head, but accidentally touched the burnt part. ‘Ouch!’
‘Because it’s called magic.’ Halgon opened his eyes. ‘You guys finally finished with the crowd?’
‘You mean you were faking the coma?’ Everyone was overjoyed. ‘It worried us!’
‘I’m sorry, guys,’ Halgon sat up in his bed. ‘Thank you for saving me, you know what I mean.’
‘Sure, you’re welcome,’ Soarame winked. ‘Thank you for saving us too, you know what I mean.’
‘What do you mean?’ The girls were lost. ‘We don’t know!’
‘Ha ha, let’s just go back to the dorm first,’ Rodka laughed and grabbed Soarame and Halgon by the shoulders. Just then, Halgon whispered in an extremely low voice to the two of them. ‘I know you’ve all been wondering about me, but I can only say that my mom is a human wizard, but my dad is not. Keep it to yourselves, ok?’
What! So his dad is a… dragon? Soarame and Rodka were both astonished. They looked at each other in silence. But this is absurd! 
Although they tried hard to act normal, they were thrilled — it sounded as though Halgon’s father was not restrained by the Grant Migration Pact for some unknown reasons, just like Halgon himself. If this was true, it would be the most explosive news in the world and could easily terrify every single human being, especially those in the Sunrise Alliance! 
If one thought deeper about it, Halgon’s parents had actually committed a grave crime — humans and dragons were mortal enemies! Thinking about this, they finally understood why Halgon always tried to stay low key and had little trust in the public; if he hadn’t tried to help Snower and repay Soarame’s rescue in the beetalbull nest, Halgon would probably never have gambled like this.
And the duckbear egg — no wonder Halgon could spot the swindle right away — the seal that his father had put on was probably some kind of dragon seal! So Halgon could tell the fake one at a glance, whereas no one else would, ever! And that was probably why Halgon had never worried that Max might break the dragon seal!
Oh yes, Halgon actually means half-dragon! Thinking through everything in a flash, Soarame nodded in silence. Just like Filton named me ‘soaring flame’; I should have thought of that!
Wait, aren’t dragons supposed to be dangerous? Soarame and Rodka looked at each other again. Crap, Halgon is our brother, regardless! After a moment, the two boys reached the same conclusion. After the deadly fight shoulder-to-shoulder against Max, they had witnessed Halgon’s sacrifice for them. There was no reason to doubt their sworn friend.
‘Hey, you boys, we are not done yet.’ Vivarin crossed her arms over her chest. ‘Omifo, you wanna say something? What do we not know?’
‘Errr… I don’t know either.’ Omifo shrugged his shoulders. ‘They fell in love with each other?’
‘Poochee!’ The three suddenly choked while the others were laughing.

‘Guys, I’m sorry that bad things happened, but I’m glad to see that you are fine.’ On the way back to Soarame’s dorm, Chelonad’s voice sounded out all of a sudden. ‘For some reason I can’t leave this campus, so I didn’t know what had happened.’
‘Oh hey, Chelonad. Thanks for scaring us,’ the friends teased him. ‘Chelonad, we are always curious — where are you? You are not doing mind-talk right now, are you?’
‘No, I’m much more special than that.’ Chelonad’s voice sounded proud. ‘And I’m always beside you, everywhere on campus.’
‘But can we see you face-to-face?’ Alicey asked.
‘No. If you do see me one day, it means something really bad has happened. So you had better hope that day never comes. Later, guys, good luck!’ Chelonad’s voice was gone just as quickly as it had arrived.
The friends scratched their heads, trying to understand Chelonad’s words. Chelonad refused to respond after that, so all they could do was to keep guessing.
Back in the dorm, Halgon went directly up to his bedroom. ‘Guys, I’m actually not fully recovered yet. I just wanted to come back here first, but I will still sleep for a while.’
‘OK.’ Rodka remembered reading that dragons healed themselves by hibernation, so he could roughly understand what Halgon was going to do. Meanwhile, it seemed that Halgon was facing a really big headache as to how to explain things thereafter to so many friends. He certainly need some time to sort it out alone.
‘Take care, have a good rest.’ Soarame had heard the same hibernation story from his master, so he wasn’t surprised. However, the others were all worried about Halgon, so Halgon had to promise them that he would tell them everything after he felt better, and everyone promised not to interrupt his rest.
‘So, what now?’ Kardiac asked. ‘We are all set? No more fun?’
‘You mean fun that knocks you out, or burns you dry?’ Catheray said. ‘I can do it if you need help on that.’
‘No, no, not now.’ Kardiac waved her away hurriedly. ‘But maybe we can upgrade this house a bit more? I still have two chances saved up, plus with you guys we can do a major upgrade! Shall we try making it triangular?’
‘Yeah sure, so that you can live with Rodka, because there are only three corners left,’ Soarame teased. ‘How did you get such a genius idea?’
‘No, I mean Halgon can live in the middle and we surround him to protect… Wait, what’s that?’ Kardiac stopped laughing and pointed at the dinner table. ‘There’s a crystal ball there. Since when?’
‘No kidding, we never had such a thing.’ Omifo checked the crystal ball and frowned. ‘It had better not be Max! He had so many just like this in his room!’
‘Damn it, let’s move!’ Soarame dragged his friends and tried to run. Suddenly, the crystal ball began to light up, and a figure was cast into the air.
‘Watch out!’ Rodka dashed forward and shielded the others. Soarame grabbed Jemario and covered her with his body. Omifo and Kardiac did the same thing to the other girls.
‘Soarame, I already know what happened.’ A voice came out from the figure. Hearing the voice, Soarame couldn’t believe his ears. ‘Master!’
‘That’s your master?’ Everyone was surprised, but relieved. ‘Mr. Swineflu?’
‘Yes!’ Soarame quickly introduced them. ‘Master, these are my friends, Kardiac, Omifo, Rodka —’
‘But I’m sorry that I couldn’t be there in person to help.’ Scankeen continued without responding to Soarame’s words. ‘However, I know that you and your friends did an amazing job, and now you should be all safe.’
‘This is a recorded scene.’ Rodka was the first to realize it. ‘It’s not a real-time communication.’
‘My boy, do you remember Volsta’s story? You were almost there. I know you were probably wondering who saved you, and I can only wish that it had been me.’ Scankeen looked thoughtful when he was talking, and only Soarame could understand the meaning behind the words. ‘It’s a great shame that I couldn’t be there, but fortunately, someone offered his help to you and delivered this message for me. However, he also made me promise him that I wouldn’t say who he is.’
‘One thing I can say, though, is that you may try asking him about your parents, if he decides to meet you one day.’ Scankeen’s words kindled something in Soarame all of a sudden. ‘Besides that, you should stick to the plan and improve all your three lineages to Expert level. Then you can report to the Sunrise Alliance; there you will get to know a lot more about everything. I have faith in you! Goodbye, my boy!’
‘Master!’ Seeing Scankeen’s image disappear, Soarame ran over to fetch the crystal ball. However, the crystal ball also disappeared into thin air. 
The friends watched Soarame in silence. Everyone was wondering what the message really meant, as there was quite a lot of information that they didn’t have context for. However, they knew it was not the best time to pursue it.
‘Soarame, why does your master look familiar?’ Rodka asked after a while. He thought this might be a proper question to ask.
‘His Honour ought to be someone in the Sunrise Alliance,’ Dileys reminded Rodka. ‘So you might have seen his picture somewhere before.’
‘Dear lord, no way!’ Rodka seemed to catch something. ‘Is it really him?’

****

The next morning, the crew rushed to the library. Along the way, many students looked at them and whispered with excitement —
‘Look, that’s Soarame!’ 
‘And Rodka! They were on the front page!’
‘Cylone Times, man! That’s crazy!’
‘See? I told you we are heroes now.’ Kardiac waved at the students and whispered to Soarame.
‘We? Are you included?’ Catheray enjoyed teasing Kardiac as always. ‘I only heard two names?’
The friends spent time among the library books looking for Scankeen’s picture but couldn’t find it, until Rodka used his privilege as Dean’s assistant and got access to a restricted collection. With a myriad of exclamations of ‘wow’, Soarame, for the first time, learned his master’s true identity — 
‘Master Scankeen Hollen, Legendary Master, Board Member of Sunrise Alliance. Note: Master Scankeen Hollen is the last apprentice of Master Stanfaul Libral.’
‘Are you kidding me? Apprentice of the Great Libral?!’ Soarame felt like he was living in a dream. ‘He never told me this, I swear!’
‘And his Honour is titled Legendary!’ Rodka’s eyeballs almost popped out. ‘That means he’s one of the most powerful Masters in the entire world, among all human Masters and magimal Barons!’
‘Soarame, how could you ever get his name wrong? Swineflu? It doesn’t even sound right!’ The girls kept blaming Soarame for this. ‘Do you even know what this means — the last student of the Starter of History!’
‘It’s really not my fault…’ Soarame was trying to clarify, but was lost for words. Under the glare of all his friends, Soarame was desperate to explain that he hadn’t messed up Scankeen’s name, but no one seemed to believe him — Soarame had had a reputation for having difficulties with names ever since he met the crowd of Water girls.
‘OK. Soar, Omi, Kardy and Alicey, it’s time to go. The Principal is waiting for us.’ Rodka cleared his mind from the shock. ‘We’ll kidnap Soar and question him later.’ 
The friends who were there in MagiMax had all received a message from Gazbell this morning, summoning them to his office for a private meeting. The meeting was to reward Soarame and his friends for being brave in countering evil and revealing MagiMax’s true face. The most important reason, however, was that they had coincidentally found a clue to the Mercy of the Demiurge. This was kept strictly confidential, so Soarame and his friends didn’t really know the truth. Soarame had actually wanted to ask Scankeen about it, but hadn’t been able to.
What they didn’t know either was that, the day before, after Gazbell returned to campus from MagiMax, he had instantly summoned all of the Deans of the institute for an emergency meeting, to announce the matter of Max’s escape. Besides telling the story of Soarame and his friends countering Max, Gazbell shared the clue about the Mercy of the Demiurge that he had obtained from Soarame.
‘What! It was Max? That clown?’ The Deans were totally shocked. ‘How was he capable of escaping from the Druids?’
‘Mr. Principal, are you sure it’s the Mercy of the Demiurge?’ Dean Romboton couldn’t help asking.
‘Take a look yourselves.’ Gazbell showed them Soarame’s two mind-paintings — one was of MagiMax and the other the dream-painting. Seeing the delicate paintings amazed everyone, Gazbell pointed at the canvas. ‘See the letters on the space-ring? It’s indeed Naclad’s space-ring, but god knows why Max was wearing it.’
‘Maybe he was hiding it at Max’s place?’ Dean O’heven came up with a thought. ‘Remember, years ago, Scankeen did say that he couldn’t find Naclad’s space-ring after the bloody battle? So he had to let him walk away due to lack of evidence.’
 ‘No way, it’s Mercy of the Demiurge, the legendary defensive Godmade!’ an old Dean said, trembling. ‘Naclad stole it at risk of his own life, and then left it with Max for all these years? If he had started the war between Druids, Elves and mankind, he’d at least make it worthwhile for himself!’ 
‘Agreed. Druids and Elves wouldn’t believe this either,’ another Dean added.
A Godmade referred to a superior magigear that was made by someone of the next level above Master. Because no one knew what exactly that level was, wizards called it Halfgod. Even Scankeen, titled Legendary Master, was not a Halfgod yet. But there used to be a number of Halfgods existing in history, according to some ancient books. However, those were top secret even among the Sunrise Alliance, so very few people knew about this. What they did know was that, thanks to the existence of those Halfgods, there were some Godmades left in this world. The Mercy of the Demiurge was one of them — actually a top-tier one, even among the Godmades.
‘We’ll find out the truth after we get back the Godmade. The good thing is that Aertiuno is here, so he can help explain it to the Elves and Druids.’ Gazbell looked at the green-cloaked blond-haired man with long, pointed ears. ‘The priority now is to release a “wanted” notice on all four of mankind’s continents. We need to recapture this important property for the Sunrise Alliance at all costs!’
‘Notify the Sunrise Alliance immediately! Send out images of Max, live scenes and voice recordings to every corner of the human world!’ There was a flame in Gazbell’s eyes and in everybody else’s. ‘I want this fraud to be known by every single person on the four continents! I want his true face to be revealed to the entire world, and I want to make sure he has no place to hide, no matter where he flees!’

‘Ping-ping’. The knock on the door aroused Gazbell from his thoughts — Soarame and his friends had arrived.
‘Soarame, come on in!’ Gazbell gave them a big smile. ‘Thanks to all of you for everything that you’ve done, at the risk of your own lives.’
‘It’s a pleasure, sir,’ Soarame answered. ‘And to be honest, we didn’t know things would turn out to be that bad and didn’t plan to risk our lives.’ 
‘Well, fate is always unpredictable.’ Appreciating Soarame’s honesty, Gazbell laughed. ‘I’m summoning you all because I want to reward you for what you’ve done, and that includes Halgon and Sachastain after they fully recover.’
‘First of all, I’d like to say I’m very proud of you all.’ Gazbell said this in a serious tone. ‘Especially Soarame, you surprised all of us! How do you feel having had to keep your Wind secret for so long?’
‘Err…’ Soarame was a bit shy on hearing this. ‘It feels hard.’
‘Ha-ha, the hard feeling paid off with your survival, though.’ Gazbell was amused. ‘From now on, you are registered to be a Wind student too, although we need to give you a test to see if you are a Grade-5 or a Grade-6 already.’
‘What!’ Omifo’s eyes widened. ‘Soarame can be a Grade-6? Like Rodka?’
‘No, I’m still far from Rodka; he’s a Grade-6 in three lineages!’ Soarame made a dismissive gesture. ‘I still have a long way to go for my Water and Lightning.’
‘Oh dear, we all forgot you are a Lightning wizard too!’ Kardiac smacked his forehead. ‘You are a monster, Soar! What are you made of?’
‘Kardiac, I heard that you tried to protect your friend Halgon with your own life, and I’m very proud of you,’ Gazbell interrupted Kardiac because he didn’t want this conversation to continue. ‘And for that, he has asked me to deliver a gift to you, besides the reward from the school.’ 
‘Halgon sent me a gift?’ Kardiac puzzled. ‘He didn’t mention that yesterday?’
‘His family came to pick him up overnight because they preferred to take care of Halgon themselves.’ Gazbell smiled at the kids. ‘Halgon didn’t want to wake you, so he left the gift with me.’
‘He’s off campus now?’ Soarame was surprised. The friends hadn’t wanted to bother Halgon when they came here, so they were not aware of his absence. Soarame and Rodka glanced at each other; both seemed to get something. After all, keeping Halgon’s identity secret was not going to be an easy matter.
‘Yes, but don’t worry, he will be back soon.’ Gazbell clearly didn’t know Halgon’s secret at all. ‘The reward from the institute is that each of you can have a magigear of Expert level, of your own choice. It can be anything in this booklet.’
‘Wow, Expert level?’ Everyone was celebrating already. ‘That’s awesome!’ 
‘Enjoy your gold-mining.’ Gazbell was happy to see their reactions. The friends checked through the booklet and found a lot of options to choose from, covering all kinds of magigears and even magimals. 
‘There are magimals too?’ Omifo marvelled. ‘I’ll definitely pick a magimal, then!’
‘Take your time.’ Gazbell smiled and handed over a box to Kardiac. ‘This is the gift from Halgon. He said you would like it.’
‘Cool!’ Kardiac opened the box and found a magimal egg with a familiar mark on it. ‘The lost duckbear egg? We got it back from MagiMax?’
‘More than that. Thanks to you all, MagiMax’s property was taken over by the city and the institute.’ Gazbell was happy. ‘We knew that this was Halgon’s property, so we got it for him; but Halgon wanted you to have it, Kardiac.’ 
‘Wow!’ Kardiac jumped around like mad. ‘We Got It Back! We got it back!!’
‘Well, then, each of us has a magimal now.’ Soarame was so happy for Kardiac. ‘What about you, Rodka? You said you wanted a magimal too, right?’
‘Yes, but not this time.’ Rodka pondered a bit. ‘I’ve decided to go for a defensive magigear. The one that Max was wearing was way too useful.’
‘Me too!’ Alicey agreed with Rodka. ‘I’ll get one too!’
‘Smart move, you two. Soon you will find you need the defensive gear a lot,’ Gazbell nodded. ‘Especially Rodka, since you are approaching Expert level yourself. Once you become an Expert you will need to go for your Expert trial; there you will find the defensive gear more useful than anything else. Plus, you may be able to get a higher-ranking magimal yourself during the trial, so you don’t need to choose one now.’
‘Exactly. That’s my plan.’ Rodka nodded. ‘I am graduating and leaving soon, so it would be inconvenient to take a baby magimal with me.’

‘You are leaving?’ Back in Soarame’s dorm, Dileys was pale. ‘When?’
‘Maybe by the end of this month. I promised the Deans.’ Rodka saw Dileys’ eyes redden, and this time he realised something. ‘But don’t worry, I will come back to visit you guys.’
‘You guys?’ Dileys had a bitter and sour smile on her face. She sat back down and lowered her head. After all this time, I’m still just a part of “you guys”? Dileys suddenly began to hate herself for being a coward — she had always believed Rodka was too good for her, and even on this day she still did.
Finally, the time is coming. Dileys was feeling so miserable. Why is it so quick? 
The girls stared at Rodka with discontent. Rodka finally understood what was going on. He had noticed that Dileys seemed to feel good about him, but he hadn’t thought about it because he was so focused on his magic practice. Now that he was leaving, he was convinced that he probably should do something instead of just saying goodbye.
From then on, Rodka began to talk to Dileys more and to hang out with her in private. Rodka was surprised to find that he actually liked Dileys more than he thought. However, he was still going to graduate and still wanted to experience the outer world, just as both of the deans had been persuading him to do. Especially after the fight with Max, Rodka found himself no better than Halgon or Soarame in a real battle, and that was a source of great shame to him. After all, he had always been the star of Libral as a Grade-6 tri-lineager, yet he hadn’t made much of a contribution that day in the battle, not when it really counted. Instead, he had relied mostly on Sachastain, Halgon, and Soarame. Other than that he hadn’t passed out, he made almost no difference compared to Kardiac, Omifo and Alicey!
I have to go! I must become stronger! Rodka clenched his fists. Sorry, Dileys…

DO YOU LIKE ME?


Finally, the day came and Rodka was about to leave.
‘Rodka, take care!’ This early morning, with the dawn barely arrived, the friends came out to the silent Libral Gate to send their good wishes with Rodka. ‘We will miss you.’ 
‘You too, guys.’ Rodka looked around at his friends. ‘Where’s Dileys?’
‘Dileys said she already said goodbye to you last night,’ Catheray answered. ‘She doesn’t want to see you off and cry here, you know?’ With that, the girls looked at Rodka in an odd way; they seemed to wish to say more but stopped on a second thought.
‘I… I see.’ For some reason, Rodka lowered his head at the girls’ gaze and seemingly blushed. ‘Please tell her I said goodbye then.’
‘Don’t worry, we’ll look after her.’ Vivarin stared at Rodka. ‘Don’t forget to visit us some time.’
‘For sure. Good luck, my friends!’ Rodka walked away and waved back several times until he disappeared from the friends’ sight.
‘I thought he would fly away instead of walking.’ Kardiac tried to amuse everyone, but nobody cared to take the joke.
‘Soarame, how hard is flying?’ Jemario asked. ‘Even Rodka is not able to fly.’
‘Well, I got that purely by luck.’ Soarame scratched his head. ‘Flying seems to be really hard if one practises in a normal way.’
‘That’s why there are only two people who can fly here!’ Kardiac instantly cut in. ‘Guess who they are?’
‘Soarame and… you! Of course.’ How could Catheray miss this chance to tease Kardiac?
‘I didn’t know you were a smart girl!’ Kardiac teased back, but got a blow on his head for his troubles. ‘What? That’s not true?’
‘It’s true I’m smart, but prove that you can fly too!’ Catheray curved her lips.
‘Bingo, watch carefully!’ Kardiac was just waiting for this. The next second, a blast of air came out of nowhere, and Kardiac rose up into the sky.
‘What!’ The girls were all dumbfounded, but the boys knew the secret already so they were all chuckling.
‘Kardy can fly too?! How is this possible?’ Catheray barked to her friends.
‘What? What does that mean?’ Kardiac complained from the sky. The next second, he started screaming. ‘Guys, help! I’ve lost control!’
Thud! With a nice landing curve, Kardiac fell on his bottom.
‘I told you not to do this until you’re proficient.’ Soarame shook his head. ‘But you are lucky that you lost control so fast, otherwise if you fly up high…’
‘What’s this?’ The girls came to check Kardiac’s cloak. ‘Don’t tell me it’s the famous Flightcloak!’
‘Where did you get it?’ Catheray questioned Kardiac. ‘Only Grade 5 and above can use it!’
‘Only Grade 5 and above can buy it from the school because it’s Expert-level gear, so Kardy picked it as the Principal’s award,’ Omifo corrected Catheray. ‘But anyone can try to use it — you already saw what happens if you are not powerful enough, though.’
‘You guys stop laughing at me!’ Kardiac got up. ‘At least I can fly!’
‘OK, ok, you can fly,’ Catheray chuckled. ‘But you know what the best part of the cloak is? It has a hood to cover your half-bald head.’ With that, Catheray put the hood over Kardiac’s head.
The friends couldn’t know that right at this moment, a figure was floating in the cloud above them, watching.
‘Thanks for doing me such a big favour, Soarame,’ the vague figure inside the cloud muttered with a sneer. ‘Mercy of the Demiurge, finally… Don’t worry Max, I’ll find you soon — through our little friend!’
The figure was holding a crystal chip in his hand, inside which there was a photo of Soarame — it turned out to be the very crystal chip sold by the old lady that day. 
Right then, a breeze came and blew the cloud away, so a beam of sunshine was cast on the figure’s face. If Soarame had seen it, he would have been surprised to recognise this face — although it looked like a man in his forties, it was extremely alike the young Wind wizard from Scankeen’s memory crystal ball, when Scankeen had showed his battle against a magimal to teach Soarame in his very first lesson. 
Crack! The figure crushed the crystal chip into pieces with his fingers. ‘I hate sunshine!’

Thanks to Kardiac’s flight show, the sadness at seeing Rodka off was diluted somewhat. The friends went back to Soarame’s dorm and suddenly realised that this dorm building had been a gathering point for a year already. Since Soarame joined the school, he had been fortunate in meeting all these friends, and in sharing fun and tears with them. Now that Rodka was gone, it was goodbye to the past and hello to the future. 
Speaking of the future, Soarame certainly couldn’t forget that Snower’s true identity was still a mystery. Gazbell had actually performed an identification check for Snower in person, yet the crystal ball showed no match at all. This had really bewildered everyone, because it hadn’t happened for centuries. Considering that the “cure” provided by Snower was comparable to dragon blood, Soarame was actually facing the almost unthinkable possibility that Snower might be even more powerful than a dragon once she was fully grown!
Besides that, Scankeen’s legendary stories were appealing to the friends, although everyone had promised to keep his name secret. Then there was the mystery of Chelonad’s true face — Soarame had asked Gazbell, but he refused to talk about it. Therefore, it seemed that Aertiuno would be Soarame’s only hope because they seemed to know each other well; however, this persuasive-whisperer himself was just as mysterious. Furthermore, Soarame began to doubt Sachastain’s words — this man couldn’t be as simple as he claimed; his skills were so similar to those of the young warrior in the biography. There must be something he wasn’t telling!
Soarame still cared about the Dragon&Empires team that he wanted to form. It seemed that this plan could now be executed sooner than he had expected — after all, he had seen a real dragon and he was now able to fly. Soarame really wanted to see Dafinol’s face after the man came to hear that his assistant had accomplished his dragon dream; however, Soarame knew more clearly than anyone else here that the dragon’s presence was a top-class secret and could not be leaked.
Although capable of flying, Soarame still wanted to be recognised as a Water captain for Dragon&Empires, and to bring glory for all his friends in Water. Therefore, Soarame went on with his mind-painting and carving; hopefully he would make it to the auction hall before long. Oh yes, Soarame hadn’t forgotten his promise to duel with Robert, but that boy seemed to be very busy since Soarame’s Wind gift was announced. Soarame could hardly find him anywhere now — funny, huh?
‘Guys, check it out!’ Omifo went to his bedroom and came out with a little creature in his arms.
‘What! What is that?’ The girls were agog. ‘Don’t tell us that’s your magimal?’
‘Mr. Principal just helped me bond with him. His name is Pipi.’ Omifo was stroking a little baby monkey in his hand. ‘The Principal suggested him because a teacher in the school just discovered him during his trial and adopted him as an orphan.’
‘Peepee?’ Vivarin stared at Omifo. ‘You are really good at giving names.’
‘No, not that Peepee!’ Omifo quickly spelt the name.
‘Thank god. Hey, Pipi, nice to meet you!’ Vivarin lowered her head to watch the baby monkey. ‘From now on we are a family!’
Snower went over and sized up the little monkey, full of curiosity. Icer and Niuniu followed her everywhere so they came too. Halgon had left campus, but he deliberately left Icer with the crew so that the baby firntiger could play with the family.
Pipi looked very shy, but at the same time he was curious about these new friends of a similar size to himself; he looked back at them, scratching his head. Soon enough, the baby magimals became familiar to each other and began to play together. Snower was already holding Pipi in her paws and licking his head, while Icer and Niuniu were wrestling again — with Niuniu winning again.
‘Pipi is so funny, isn’t he?’ Catheray was watching the baby monkey and Kardiac. ‘Especially when he’s scratching his head, it looks exactly like Kardy.’
‘Shut up Catheray, unless you don’t want the gift that I got for you.’ Kardiac felt really emotional when he thought about the events of the past year, so he had decided to speed up his plan — it was a plan that he’d had just started hatching, but now he no longer wanted to wait because this seemed to be a perfect time already.
‘What?’ Catheray was in overjoy to hear this. ‘I like gifts!’
‘It’s this.’ Kardiac handed over the duckbear egg from Halgon.
‘WHAT?’
‘WHAT?!’
‘AH!’ 
‘AHH!!’ 
‘AHHHH!!! — ’
The boys were stunned, the girls were screaming like crazy, and Catheray was totally beside herself. ‘Really?! But no, you can’t! This is Halgon’s gift to you!’
‘Not exactly. Halgon left it to my charge, so it’s up to me what to do with it.’ Kardiac was happy inside, so grateful for his brother’s consideration. ‘And the seal has been removed, so it can be hatched any time — Catheray, it’s yours now.’
‘Oh my god!’ The girls all looked crazily jealous. ‘How unbelievably awesome this is!’ 
‘If I can have a full head of hair back, that’d be even more awesome.’ Kardiac made a joke against himself and handed the egg over to Catheray. ‘Do you like me?’
‘Yes! Yes! Of course!’ Catheray responded without hesitation; she was too excited to listen carefully.
‘I like you too!’ Kardiac followed up right away, staring into Catheray’s eyes.
‘What?’ Catheray just realised that Kardiac had played a trick on her. She tapped him on the head right away. ‘You bad boy!’
‘Wow, Kardy!’ Soarame was completely amazed. ‘How did you come up with that?’ He felt that he had learnt something real. Surreptitiously, Soarame glanced at Jemario, finding her not looking back at him, but looking straight ahead, somewhere else. Jemario seemed focused, as if there was something really interesting, which reminded Soarame of his own odd behaviours when he saw magic elements as a little boy. However, Jemario didn’t have special eyes, so she was probably staring blankly; and for some reason, there was a blush on her face when Soarame looked again.
‘It’s called magic.’ Kardiac winked at Soarame. ‘Plus, I can fly!’
(To be continued)

Book II has been released! If you like this series, subscribe on the book website to stay up to date with future events (including free books sent out as gifts): https://www.codeofrainbow.com/

If you like this series, please introduce it to your friends and spend one minute to write a short review on amazon/goodreads. Reviews gave me reasons to release the future books – if I see you care to write just one line to demand a 300-page book. 
Thanks so much for supporting the author’s years of hard work!

ABOUT THE AUTHOR


While people may think “fantasy authors” are the opposite of “scientists”, Weiqi Wang has his own opinions. As a D. Phil/PhD in bioinformatics from Oxford University, Weiqi loves to be both. After all, philosophy is intended to explain the world; some choose to use scientific languages, some do it through writing fantasy also.

To receive a free book in the Code of Rainbow series, subscribe on the book website: www.codeofrainbow.com. 

Follow me on: 
Amazon: https://www.amazon.com/Weiqi-Wang/e/B01MY7ZML1
Facebook: https://www.facebook.com/codeofrainbow
Instagram: https://www.instagram.com/codeofrainbow
Twitter: https://twitter.com/CodeofRainbow
Goodreads: https://www.goodreads.com/author/show/16128074.Weiqi_Wang

  
COLOUR NOMENCLATURES
Red – Fire
Blue – Water
Grey – Wind
Yellow – Earth
White – Lightness
Black – Darkness
Purple – Lightning

ACKNOWLEDGEMENTS


This book was written in the UK when I was studying at Oxford, but I only wish self-publishing services had been available back then. I’d like to especially thank Prof. Rene Banares-Alcantara and Prof. Zhanfeng Cui, who were my D.Phil. supervisors, for supporting me on this book. 

The cover picture of the book was drawn from scratch by Mr. Jiawei Wu. I greatly appreciate his excellent work and skills. I’d also like to give special thanks to Xiaoqian Xu, Xin Zhang, Chao Ren, Yiwen Fang, Lilith Chou and Shen Yuan for helping on the book cover.
 



There could be more than one type of philosophy to explain the world

One of them is called science

Another one is spelt M-A-G-I-C


