




Colt O'Brien
Has A Family



A Novel

By

George Matthew Cole









Young Colt O'Brien (Book 3)







George Matthew Cole
© Copyright George Matthew Cole 2014
Smashwords Edition

No part of this publication may be reproduced, stored in a retrieval system or transmitted in any form or by any means, electronic, mechanical, photocopying, recording or otherwise, without the written permission of the author.


This is a work of fiction.  Names, characters, businesses, places, events and incidents are either the products of the author’s imagination or used in a fictitious manner.  Any resemblance to actual persons, living or dead, or actual events is purely coincidental.

This work uses quotations from the English-language translation of The Urantia Book published by Urantia Foundation, © 1955 Urantia Foundation, 533 Diversey Parkway, Chicago, Illinois 60614, USA; +1 (773) 525-3319; http://www.urantia.org; all rights reserved. The views expressed in this work are those of the author and do not necessarily represent the views of Urantia Foundation or its affiliates.

Original cover art by Terry Smith
Cover design by George Matthew Cole


Find more information about the author
and his books at his web site.

www.georgemcole.com





Dedicated to young families everywhere.



Acknowledgements

Roberta “Jean” Bryant has been my editor
and supporter for many years. Her work 
and input have been invaluable. I feel 
fortunate to have her as a colleague.


When I wrote my first novel one person 
was cheering for me on a daily basis. She 
remains one of my greatest supporters 
after all of these years. Many thanks to
Lori Joplin.










Colt O'Brien 
Has A Family





Chapter 1


------Email-------
From: O'Brien, Colt[ColtOB@hotmail.com]
To: Jones, Bobby[Bobbyj@WWU.edu]
Subject: Wow, I’m going to be a Dad.
----------------------------------------------------------------------

Dude
I guess I’m making up for all that time I didn’t think about what being pregnant and having babies was all about. We go to classes. I’m always trying to find the weird foods that Amy wants and my whole life is taken up with this thing. I’ll just be glad to have it be over soon. I'm sure glad I don't have to go through what Amy is.  There's way more to it than I ever knew about.  And not all of it is fun.
Later
Colt
------Email-------

Colt was dreaming again. In his dream world he saw thin crisscrossing lines that created a web of connected energy. It seemed to go on forever and he sensed that millions if not trillions of communications were coursing through the giant scintillating net.  It glowed with a soft light that, to Colt, seemed to cover hidden secrets. He tried to move closer.  I wonder what's inside those lines, he thought.  Maybe it's important?  Just as Colt began to move toward the web of light he was yanked back into the real world. I took him a few moments to figure out where he was. He immediately wished that he was still dreaming.
Young father-to-be Colt O'Brien was sitting upright when he reluctantly opened his sleepy blue eyes under a head of jet-black hair. He stretched and yawned. A bright green t-shirt and purple shorts covered his wiry 6 foot 2 inch frame. Day-glow pink tennis shoes without socks finished off his attire.  It was a little after one in the morning and the maternity wing of Highline Hospital was silent and serene. Unlike most areas of the hospital, the maternity section did not feel so sterile and antiseptic. The birthing rooms were made to feel like a comfortable bedroom in a home. Although it was pleasantly cool where Colt sat, he knew that it was in the 90s outside. For Burien, Washington anything over 85 degrees was sweltering. After days of nervousness and anticipation, Colt was exhausted and could have easily slipped back into slumber had there not been a gentle hand nudging his shoulder.
He felt a soothing, loving emotion coming through the hand that touched his shoulder. He turned to see his mother, Leona, who didn't seem tired at all. Her bright green eyes sparkled under short blond hair. The petite woman was well dressed considering the hour and occasion. The only concession that she made to the circumstances was that she was wearing blue, fluffy slippers having put her high heels in a plastic bag. Colt noticed something different in his mother, who was his favorite person and biggest supporter. After looking at her for a few seconds he knew what it was.  She's not nervous at all. It's like she’s bubbling up with happiness. She can’t wait to be a grandmother. 
Leona hugged the love of her life and Colt felt overwhelmed with feelings of joy and hopeful anticipation.  Even though he was tired, his hidden psychic radar still seemed to be working. The intense emotions that he felt from his mother were thick like a scented fog that enveloped him.
"Oh, Colt! Isn't it exciting? I'm going to have my first grandchild. And you'll be a father," said Leona.
After sleepless days of dealing with a pregnant wife and two false labors, Colt just wanted it to be over with. He normally could handle lack of sleep and pressure but now he was burned out and in dire need of recharging. 
"Uh, yeah sure. It'll be great. I just hope it all goes okay," Colt replied.
Leona beamed and said "Of course it will be okay. And, I think it's going to happen soon. I just have a feeling."
"Uh, is Amy still walking around? I've never seen so much pacing and waiting. I feel like I live in this place."
"Yes, her mother is walking with her now. They should be back soon." 
Just then, Amy walked around the corner with her mother Amanda. She had a huge extended belly and exuded a contented glow.  He thought back to before she was pregnant which now seemed so long ago. Her face seemed the same with her brown hair tied back but the rest of her body was transformed by the growing life inside her.  Man, my trim soccer-girl now looks like a giant beach ball. No way I’d want to be in her shoes. It seemed to Colt like it took hours for them to finally reach him. Colt stood up and looked into Amy's eyes. 
"How are you feeling? I hope you’re not as tired as I am," he said.
"I think it's time. I'm feeling contractions closer together. My mom thinks it's time too," smiled Amy.
After the false alarms Colt was relieved that this seemed to be the real thing. I don't know what I'd do if this wasn’t for real. I don't think I'm supposed to get pissed off but I feel like it could happen. Colt hugged Amy from the side, kissing her on the cheek. He was now starting to wake up and he noticed that Amy’s energy level was high as expressed in her brilliant eyes.
"I guess all the moms think it’s time. I'll go tell the nurse," he said.
I wonder what it's like to carry all that extra weight around? Amy seems to be handling this whole pregnancy thing pretty well. Colt was pulled out of his thoughts by Amy’s hand on his shoulder. 
"We already told the nurse. Let's go into the room," said Amy.
Colt noticed a tone of urgency in her voice and took her by the arm. They slowly walked toward the birthing room. Both of their mothers walked a bit behind them.  Colt felt like he and Amy were being herded forward as an invisible energy, filled with intensity, emanated from the future grandmothers. Colt, who was normally ready for anything, felt a twinge of fear as thoughts of possible difficulties raced through his head.  Also, he wondered if he could remember the training from the birthing classes. Whew, this coaching stuff should be interesting.  Breath in, push, relax and all that stuff. I sure hope I can remember all the training. Man, I wish I had more energy.
Amy stopped and grabbed onto Colt's arm forcing him to hold her up. Before he could say anything she spoke.
"Uh, something's happening.  I feel a little dizzy." 
What the hell is happening to my wife? Ahhhh.
Colt noticed that the blue smock that Amy was wearing was wet and was dripping on the floor. He then realized that this wasn't a dream and that it was really happening. He turned back to the two women behind them. They both seemed to be glowing brightly which caused all fear to be taken away from the expectant father. Colt was just able to compose himself enough to blurt out a few words.
"Uh, uh, er, I think her water broke."



Chapter 2


------Email-------
From: O'Brien, Colt[ColtOB@hotmail.com]
To: Carbon, Matthew[MatthewC@hocs.biz]
Subject: Can we talk?                      
----------------------------------------------------------------------

Hi Mr. Carbon
Schools going ok but my life is busier than ever. 
Even though I'm not working at Western my head
is spinning just trying to keep up with everything.
The baby will be here soon and that's the main thing 
right now. Somehow I don't think things will slow 
down anytime soon.  At least I should have my AA
degree soon. That will help me get a job and keep it.
Thanks
Colt

------Email-------

The diminutive woman sat in an overstuffed chair next to a large picture window. Her deep red hair meshed perfectly with the décor of the living room that she was sitting in. She was surrounded by antique furniture and the dark fuchsia-colored walls were covered with old prints of pretty women and romanticized angels. Her deep-sea blue eyes were gazing to a faraway place. The clouds on the ceiling as well as the entire room soothed Elyce Carbon giving her a sense of peace. This was her daily recharging ritual.  Because of her psychic sensitivity to this world and beyond, she had learned long ago that she needed to take time to replenish her emotional and mental energies.  Sometimes she invited her friend Sasha to sit with her in meditation. Sasha helped her to stay grounded and in her body. However, she only needed her friend in extreme instances when Elyce was having difficulty staying in her body. She preferred not to be dependent on others when she explored psychic vistas.
As Elyce neared the end of her quiet time, mental waves came into her mind causing her to envision Colt O'Brien. She observed images that formed in her mind but remained detached as if she was watching a television show.  After recalling her experience of pulling Colt back from the psychic void, she envisioned Colt in future challenging situations that overwhelmed him. Also, she felt his deep resolve and razor-sharp focus. She knew that he would go to any lengths to be a good father and husband to his new wife and unborn child. However, she saw how his inexperience and aggressiveness would make it almost impossible to deal with earthly life along with the psychic things that he would experience. He has made progress but he needs more help, she thought. If I'm not the one to be his guide then who will it be? Hmmm.
Just as Elyce was pouring more tea from a small pot into her cup, her husband Matthew walked through the living room toward the kitchen. He knew it was his wife's quiet time and tried to be unobtrusive.  Elyse was silent but got Matthew's attention by asking him to stop, internally. After years of marriage Matthew was attuned to these inner nudges. He acknowledged the silent communication and looked at his wife’s deep blue eyes. She pointed to his overstuffed, brown leather chair and he moved in that direction. After he was seated, Elyse spoke.
"Have you heard from Colt O'Brien?  I'm curious about how he's doing.  You know that I feel a strong connection to him," asked Elyse.
"We stay in touch with email. As usual, he's been busy. I suggested that he attend summer school and try to get enough credits to earn his AA degree. And, he seems to be making some progress too." said Matthew.
"What about his personal life?"
"Well he got married and Amy is going to have her baby any day now.  I guess they're living at her parents until the baby is born."
"Did he get a job?" asked Elyce, thinking that Colt had a lot to deal with even without his psychic experiences.
"Everybody agreed that he needed at least a two year degree. So, he's going to finish that. Then, I hope he earns some more Microsoft certifications. The plan is that when he’s done building his resume he will look for a job. I know that sounds too simple but that’s the plan. Hopefully he’ll have a good job in a few months.
"It seems like an awful lot. How does he sound in the emails?"
"I’m reading between the lines but from the emails and the one time I talked to him on the phone, I think he's overloaded. Of course, I'll help him in any way that I can. And, I’ll recruit others to help too.
"I think he needs help in other areas also. So, I'm going to see what I can do. You know what I'm talking about." 
"I know one thing. That young man thinks very highly of you. He told me that you saved his life. Uh, I'm not sure how that happened but I'm guessing it's some metaphysical thing. I’ll leave that stuff to you."
Matthew went into the kitchen as Elyce pondered the situation with Colt. She knew that he still needed help with harnessing his psychic abilities but her relationship with him had shifted. It's like a storm blew him into her life and she helped him survive.  But, now Colt was moving in a different direction that was away from the psychic arena that was familiar to Elyce. She knew better than to hold on when it was time to let go but she wanted to see Colt avoid falling into traps that his special abilities could lead him into. 

~~~

Elyce sat across from her friend Sasha in the Burien Starbucks. In contrast to the petite red-haired Elyce, Sasha was rather tall with short black hair.  Usually, the two flowed beautifully together being the perfect blending of opposites. They accented each other's more extreme characteristics and had a common spiritual view of life. However, Sasha's large brown eyes seemed to be shooting streams of irritation at Elyce. Although this was unusual, it was something that Elyce had anticipated.
"Nobody wants to see happiness for Colt and his family more than I do. Remember I was there at the hospital when you brought him back.  But do we really need to do it this way?" whined Sasha.
"I've been trying to think of somebody else to help him, but I can't think of anybody. I meditated for a long time and the answer I received was that it was him."
"You know I have a history with Burton. Before I was married we went out together. And, I don't like his spiritual views. He's so detached."
Elyse remembered her friend’s breakup with Burton. She knew to tread softly. It was by far the worst romantic experience of Sasha’s life. 
"You have to admit he knows a lot about the types of things that Colt is experiencing," stated Elyce trying to sound convincing. 
"I don't want to talk about it anymore. If you get them together, just leave me out of it. And if it all goes bad, remember that I was against it. I think you should keep helping him and leave that bastard out of it," answered Sasha.
"I thought about this very seriously, I know that I need to step aside, at least for now. And, I’ve decided that is what I’m going to do. But I refuse to leave that child without some support."
After a few more words the two women managed to put their disagreement aside and talk about other less stressful topics. But both knew that Elyce had a big decision to make.



Chapter 3 


------Email-------
From: O'Brien, Colt[ColtOB@hotmail.com]
To: Jones, Bobby[Bobbyj@WWU.edu]
Subject: Can we talk?                      
----------------------------------------------------------------------

Hey Bobinator
No way going through the birth was what I expected. 
We have no clue what women have to do to have a kid. I'll never see women the same way. 

Colt

------Email-------

Although the breaking of Amy's water seemed to be a big event to Colt, neither Amy nor the two future grandmothers seemed to be affected very much. It was as if they were strolling down a path that was very familiar. Colt however, felt a surge of nervous energy rise up in him. This was very unfamiliar territory. As he and Amy slowly walked toward the birthing room Colt's mother walked next to him. Tension was building as he anticipated what was to come.  Wow, I guess this is really happening.
"I just wanted to wish you luck sweetheart. I have a feeling that it's going to be fine," said Leona.
"Uh yeah, Mom. I guess the time has come?" answered a flustered Colt.
"I'll wait out here. I don't think you need a bunch of people in there. And sometimes these things take a while."
"Uh, yeah, I have no doubt about that."
After getting situated with Amy in the bed and Colt pacing the room, the nurse came in. She was in her forties with strawberry blond hair that was obviously dyed. To Colt she seemed to be like a thick solid tree that was firmly rooted in the ground. Not only was she physically short and strong but she also exuded an air of efficient professionalism. Colt immediately felt more at ease. I guess if I screw this coaching thing up, she'll still get us through it, he thought.  This lady doesn't look like anything will shake her up.
The nurse turned toward Colt and Amy and put a hand on each of their shoulders.
"Hi, I'm Beth. I'll be helping you go through this. I want to go over a few things before it all starts to happen." 
Amy smiled and Colt became even more calm and confident. His nervous energy was at bay but could be called up when needed. 
"My name is Amy and this is my husband Colt. It's our first baby."
"How do you feel? Any problems?" asked the nurse with a smile.
"I feel great. I'm glad my water broke and I finally feel like I'm in labor."
"Let me have a look at how far you’re along," said Beth.
Colt decided he could sit down and listen. He knew that he was jumping ahead in his mind and that it could take a long time before the baby was actually born. As he sat he realized that he wasn't tired or sleepy anymore. At least that’s one good thing. Maybe now I won’t fall asleep when my kid is born.
After checking various things and asking Amy a few more questions Nurse Beth spoke. 
"Well, for a first baby, you seem to be doing very well. And, your dilation is almost five inches. You should start to transition soon."
Colt knew that ‘transition’ was when the heavy labor started. After being told over and over again that labor usually took a long time for first babies, he was a bit surprised. I guess this thing starts to get serious like really soon.
"I'll be checking in every half hour or so. And I'll let the doctor know what's happening," said Beth.
As she walked toward the door she tapped Colt on the shoulder and nodded.  He followed her out into the hall. She smiled at him as she spoke while continuing to keep her hand on Colt's shoulder. To him it felt like he was connected to an enormous pillar that could not be moved. It had a grounding effect.
"I know this is the first time for you too. I've been involved in over 120 births.  So, if you don't get everything perfect as far as the coaching don't worry about it. And, if for any reason, I pull you away just follow what I say. Sometimes we need to have the patient all to ourselves for any number of reasons. Okay?"
No words could have made Colt happier. He immediately felt a weight lifted from him.
"Uh, no problem here. You're the expert. I want to help but I'm going to do whatever you say," answered Colt.
"Doctor Ames will check in soon and then he’ll be back when hard labor starts, unless something unusual happens. But I think this will go smoothly." said Beth. 
Colt went back into the room and talked with Amy. She seemed to be fine. He sat again and waited watching over her but seeing little change. Doctor Ames, a kind, thin man in his fifties, with black hair speckled with gray, checked in and left. Although he was alert after what seemed like a long time, Colt was starting to get bored. He felt like he’d been over his coaching tasks in his mind a hundred times.  Crap, it must be like two hours have gone by and nothing has happened. 
Colt walked over to Amy and kissed her on the cheek.
"I'm going to walk a little and get some coffee. I'll be back soon." said Colt.
"Okay, Colt. I'll be fine." answered Amy.
Colt walked to the nearby cafeteria and ordered coffee and a piece of apple pie. He sat down and tried to get refocused for the work ahead. He closed his eyes for a moment and a vision formed. He was standing on a sandy beach with stunning billowing clouds filling the entire sky in front of a burning sun. Blue-green medium-sized waves crashed on to bright white sand in front of him.  He was entranced by the waves along with the mist and white water that they created. Suddenly he was floating over the water away from the shore toward the horizon. Soon he was outside of the breakers and hovering over deep, dark blue water. He noticed silent swells moving beneath him. Then he sensed something. It made him tremble a bit. His focus was directed further toward the horizon. Then he saw something that made his heart miss a beat. A swell of water that was noticeably larger than the others was coming at him. He knew that when it turned into a wave and broke it would be like an explosion. Uh, I think I better get out of this dream thing and get back to Amy.
The next thing Colt knew he was walking briskly toward the room where his future son would be born. He knew that the waiting was over with. When he walked in the door, the nurse and the doctor were both there. The doctor spoke gently to Amy.
"Amy, you should be feeling strong contractions now. Things should become more intense. I'll be stepping out for a minute but Beth will stay. I see that your coach is here. That's good."
Amy's face was red and she was starting to perspire. She was exerting much more energy which reminded Colt of the end of a soccer game.  Colt could easily see when she had a contraction from the expression on her face. He pulled the chair up to the bed and took her hand.  Her brief smile was interrupted by another contraction that grabbed her attention like a powerful magnet pulling at her. Her eyes looked off in the distance as she concentrated.
"You're doing fine Amy. I'm here." said Colt as her hand clamped onto his. 
Colt could feel the huge wave building as he and Amy were picked up by the life that was pushing to emerge. Without knowing it, Colt began to encourage Amy and give simple instructions to breathe and relax. After what seemed like no time at all, Nurse Beth tapped him on the shoulder. Amy was breathing heavily and groaning but seemed to be okay. Colt stepped away as the doctor moved into position in front of Amy and Nurse Beth began to firmly give her directions. 
"Now it's time to push, Amy. You're doing fine. Just a little longer and it will all be over. Push Amy, push." 
"I can see the head. Everything looks good." said the doctor.
Then Amy grunted and screamed. It was an outburst of finality.  Colt, who was mesmerized by the whole experience, noticed a tapping on his shoulder. He turned to the doctor who had a huge grin on his face. In his hand he held scissors. At first Colt wondered what they were for but then remembered his training.
"Congratulations. You have a son. Take these scissors and cut right here," said the energized doctor.
Colt saw the baby still attached to the umbilical cord. He cut where the doctor was pointing. A few minutes later he was holding his son in his arms as tears formed in his eyes. We made it buddy, we finally made it.
The giant wave from the horizon had broken onto the white sand. A new life came into the world.



Chapter 4


------Email-------
From: O'Brien, Colt[ColtOB@hotmail.com]
To: Jones, Bobby[Bobbyj@WWU.edu]
Subject: Wow. I didn’t expect this.                           

Hey Bobinator
It’s like I’m on an island with women everywhere and none of them even know I exist except
to change diapers and bring in the money.  Let’s talk.
Colt
------Email-------

Colt was in the middle of a dream that was so real that he had no idea that it was an illusion. He was in bed with Amy and was starting to pull off her flimsy nighty and underwear. She was giggling with glee and passion radiated from her blue eyes. Colt felt a surge from deep inside himself. It was as if a volcano was about to erupt. Amy smiled and murmured some words that he couldn’t understand. He felt encouraged and rolled toward his wife in anticipation. The murmurs became louder and louder. Then, Colt felt himself being shoved sideways.
Colt woke with a start. Amy was staring into his eyes.  At first he wondered if the baby was awake. When he heard nothing he turned his attention to his wife. He was surprised that the passion had been replaced by irritation, in Amy’s eyes.  Her hands were pushing against his chest.
“So what were you doing Colt?” she asked.
“Uh, I guess I was dreaming but it seemed real. Sorry if I scared you,” said Colt.
“Listen, I know you want to have sex. I do too, just not yet. Since I had Robbie, I just haven’t felt like it.”
“How long is this going to last? I’m dying here.”
“I don’t know. I’ll ask my doctor about it when I go in next week.”
Colt still felt like he could burst at any second. He thought about other possible approaches to intimacy but decided to wait for another time. Crap, this is not what I signed up for. I’m going to go nuts if this keeps up. In spite of his love for his wife and his attempt to be understanding, he felt resentment and frustration beginning to form. He saw that it was three in the morning and knew he should try to get back to sleep but he needed distance between Amy and himself. He kissed her on the forehead as he got up.
“You get some sleep. I’ll be back in a little bit,” said Colt.
Amy turned away and began to cry silently as Colt walked out of the bedroom.
Dude, just try to cope. Hang on for a while and it’ll be okay, thought Colt. But he was having a difficult time convincing himself.

~~~

Colt was sitting across from his longtime friend Bobby Jones in the Burien Starbucks. Bobby was tall, thin and modest. However his blue eyes expressed a worldly understanding. This was the first time Colt had gotten away since the baby was born and he was relishing the meeting. 
“So, I guess you’ve got the drinking thing under control and now it’s back to school?” said Colt.
“Uh, yeah. I guess I’m lucky I was able to stay in school after the rehab and stuff. And now I have Suzy. It sorta worked out. I just need to stay on top of things,” said Bobby.
“And look at me with a wife and kid. Now I just need a job to pay the bills.”
“Yeah. I sure never thought I’d be seeing you as a father. At least not this soon,”
“Stuff happens I guess,” answered Colt.
“So what’s it like. It seems like a giant bag of responsibilities. I’m really impressed with how you help out with everything.”
“One thing I found out right away. A whole bunch of people jump in and help. Yeah, I change diapers and get no sleep but it’s like all of the grandparents have something to live for now. So, I don’t have it too bad. It’s like a lot of decisions are just made for you. There’s just a lot of stuff you need to do with a baby.”
“Well it seems like a lot to me. There must be some things that are hard?”
“You get married and get used to having a regular sex life. Then when the pregnancy progresses and the baby is born, it’s like it’s optional. So that is the main thing that’s tough to deal with. And, I had no idea.”
“Don’t you ever have sex now?” asked Bobby.
“Since the baby came she has no interest in sex. The doctor said things should change but right now it’s not happening.”
“Who would’ve thought that I would be having more sex than you? And I’m not even married.”
“You enjoy it while you can my friend. You never know what will happen.”
 



Chapter 5


------Email-------
From: Carbon, Matthew[MatthewC@hocs.biz]
T0: O'Brien, Colt[ColtOB@hotmail.com]
Subject: Can we talk?                      
----------------------------------------------------------------------

Hello Colt

I think I have a pretty good idea of where you're at. I know 
you're really busy and trying to make a future for yourself 
and your family. From your notes I gather that you will be
looking for a job soon. Like any undertaking of importance
 you will be more apt to have success if you're prepared. I 
have a friend that has a lot of experience with hiring and firing. 
Let's meet with him for lunch and see if we can come up with
 a strategy for you. I expect it will be fun.

Matthew

------Email-------

Colt was driving his dilapidated purple VW bug past the Southcenter Mall on the way to Renton. Man, I don’t know how long I can drive this old bucket of bolts. It’s been good to me but it could die on me any time.  It was a sunny day which always lifted Colt up and increased his already strong, optimistic outlook. The sky was a clear blue He was on his way to meet with Matthew Carbon and a friend of his. Even if I don't get much out of this, at least I got out of the house, he thought. After they got home to Amy's parent's house with their baby, it seemed to Colt like days and nights flashed by. He was still finishing up a few classes at the same time he was trying to figure out how to be a dad. Living with his in-laws was starting to feel a bit claustrophobic and the whole baby thing appeared to be natural for the female half of the population but he felt like he was floundering in a foreign land.  Lack of sleep and living in someone else's home didn't help.
Colt walked into the Shari's restaurant next to the I-405 freeway in Renton, Washington.  Aromas of various dishes filled the air. Colt recognized the smells of burgers and fries which made his mouth water. He saw Matthew Carbon sitting with another man in a booth. They picked a weekday to meet, so the pleasant restaurant was beginning to empty out as the lunch crowd went back to work. Matthew stood up and shook Colt's hand when he arrived at the booth. 
"It's great to see you Colt. Sit down and relax. You look a little tired," said Matthew. 
"Thanks for having this, Mr. Carbon. It's good to get out. Oh, and I hope to learn some stuff too," answered Colt.
"This is my friend Alex Coleman. Alex, this is Colt O'Brien." 
The two shook hands and Colt sat down. Colt guessed that Alex was in his late forties. He was lanky with dark hair that was peppered with gray specks. Colt noticed that he wasn't dressed in a suit. I thought this guy was a manager. Don't they wear suits? As soon as the waitress came by Colt ordered coffee while looking over the menu with the two men. 
"Alex is a manager with a big company. He has other managers under him, too. So, he has years of dealing with people in a business environment and lots of different situations. Let's order and then get started."
A young petite waitress with dark hair and sparkling brown eyes was soon standing next to Colt waiting for the group to decide. She lightly brushed against his arm grabbing his attention away from the menu. His eyes focused on her breasts with no conscious effort. He leaned away from the pleasant young woman and tried to rein in his lascivious thoughts. All he could think about was what she would look like with no clothes on. Goddamn it. If I don’t get sex soon I’m going to jump some unsuspecting woman and get into real trouble. The waitress looked into Colt’s eyes.
“And what would you like to eat?” she asked.
With great effort Colt replaced the sexual images in his head with entrees from the menu. 
“Uh, I guess I’ll have the bacon cheeseburger with fries,” said Colt.
The waitress smiled and patted Colt on the arm while turning to leave. Crap, I wonder if she could tell? 
Colt turned his attention to the two men in the booth with him. The one thing that Colt noticed was that Alex said nothing but seemed to be happy to just intently observe. The intelligent looking man listened while Matthew Carbon and Colt talked about what Colt had been doing. I thought execs talked a lot? Hmmm.
Colt was halfway through his bacon cheeseburger and fries when Alex Coleman started peppering him with questions. Uh, I guess he does talk. He must have been saving up his questions. Unlike his father who was also in business management, Alex didn't seem to care if he was in charge of the conversation. Colt felt like they were working together to figure things out instead of him taking orders from a superior. This could be good. Way different than the old man.
"Colt, there are a lot of illusions about what a manager is looking for when interviewing candidates. Just like Matthew I believe in having an education. But that is only one factor," said Alex.
"Uh, what is the most important stuff? What do I need to work on?" asked Colt.
"I'm an IT manager and I’m sure that you know this. In IT the pace of change is very fast. After attitude, the most important quality is the ability to learn things quickly. I've hired individuals who want to learn just one thing and then do only that. In very few situations is that possible. With operating systems changing every few years and new applications being released all the time, we need to be flexible in what we are willing to do and most of all learn."
"I know what you mean. Even hardware changes all the time. What do you mean by attitude?" asked Colt
"I'll try to keep it simple. I need someone who will follow directions. Also, the ability to work with customers is very important. There are many hats to wear when working in IT. You need to participate in meetings, train others, do email, be pleasant on the phone, and a lot of other things besides knowing the technology."
Colt felt like he understood what the pleasant man was telling him. After having a year of experience, he had worn many of the hats that Alex referred to. This was starting to sound familiar to him. He sounds like Mr. Carbon. Matthew Carbon chimed in.
"I've seen people who were very good with the technology but were arrogant. They didn't want to do some of the other work. It was like they were too good for it. Nothing turns off a supervisor more than that kind of stuff."
Colt immediately formed an image in his mind of his old supervisor Gerry. He knew that Gerry wouldn't do well with Alex Coleman. He guessed that Gerry was the exception and that he wouldn't last long working for either of the men sitting across from him. He felt like he was dealing with real workers whose careers happened in the real world. He sensed that if he put his future in their hands, he would do fine. I just need to do what I always do. I can see this deal working out if I stick with these guys.
"I guess I'm lucky that I was able to get the experience that I did. I think I learned a lot. Some of it was not fun but I know a lot more now," said Colt.
"In the end there are three things that you will be judged on. They are experience, education, and reputation. You have to constantly work on all three. Since I've started working, I've gotten two masters degrees. This is an industry where you can't stay still," said Alex.
"Because of everything that's happened, I'm still working on getting an AA degree. Also, I have some certifications."
"You can work on building up the education part of your resume by doing more certifications. The good thing is you should be able to do that fairly fast," said Matthew Carbon.
They talked for another hour about numerous job-related topics but also discussed having a family and being married. Colt's confidence increased as he compared what they were saying with his own experience and outlook. When Colt walked out of the restaurant he had a lot to think about. The next step was for him to meet with Alex Coleman for a mock interview. So, along with everything else, he had to work to prepare for that. After getting along so well with both men during the lunch, he expected the mock interview to be easy. This will be a piece of cake. It'll be like shooting fish in a barrel.



Chapter 6


------Email-------
From: O'Brien, Colt[ColtOB@hotmail.com]
To: Jones, Bobby[Bobbyj@WWU.edu]
Subject: Whats happening
----------------------------------------------------------------------

Hey Bobinator
Well here we are with the baby in Amy's parent's house. They are nice but I'm not used to this. At least I'm almost done with school. Next is finding a job and getting an apartment. Life is coming at me really fast.  And I thought school was hard!

Colt
------Email-------

Amy pushed Colt's shoulder for the third time. The dark early morning was filled with the sounds of a crying baby. They had decided to name the child Robert in honor of Colt's father, which pleased his dad. Now little Robbie was hungry or needed changing. 
Colt turned toward Amy for a second and then flopped back over to his side of the bed. He lay there quietly trying to ignore the piercing noise and go back to sleep. 
"Colt, wake up. It's your turn to check on the baby," said Amy.
Why the hell does the kid have to be in here with us?
"Uh, hmm, er, yeah. Give me a minute. What time is it, anyway?" answered Colt.
"It's time to get up. That's what time it is," said Amy in an irritated voice.
Colt stretched and rolled out of bed. A few steps and he stood over the crib. He switched on a dim light and looked down at his tiny son. Somehow the baby had become wedged between the mattress and the slats on the side of the crib. His screaming sounds were piercing the air. How can a kid that size, make that much noise?  Colt lifted the baby up and pulled him to his shoulder. He rocked gently while he tried to determine if the child's diaper needed changing. Amy chimed in as if she could read his mind. 
"Just change the diaper. It's easier than trying to figure it out." she said.
Colt remembered that Amy was still breast feeding. That meant if the kid was hungry he could go back to sleep. After changing the diaper and making the baby comfortable, he noticed the glow of sunrise coming in through the window.  Oh well, I might as well just stay up, he thought. Time to make some coffee.
Just then he felt a tap on his shoulder. He turned to Amy, who was smiling. She kissed him and pinched his butt. He pulled her closer thinking that something good was about to happen. He continued to kiss her and pushed his midsection toward hers as he became aroused. Amy grabbed his hands and smoothly backed away. 
"You're getting pretty good at changing those diapers. I should probably try to feed him." she said.
“You want to feed the kid after pinching me? It’s not fair. How about after?” said Colt.
“I’m not ready yet Colt. Maybe soon’”
He sensed that she was trying to keep things playful and making an effort. But still his heart sank as he wondered when he would have sex with his wife again.
Colt picked up the baby who was not crying anymore. If only I could get laid and have a full eight hours of sleep, wouldn’t that be awesome, he thought.  

~~~

Not long after eating breakfast with both of Amy's parents off to work, a parade of visitors began to arrive.  Amy's mother had taken a few weeks off to help with the baby but now they had help from others too. Colt's mother and sister were frequent visitors on weekdays. Man, it's like everything else stops when there's a baby. How does any non-baby stuff ever get done? Colt made an effort to help with the baby but between school and all of the other help Amy received, he felt like he was on the outside looking in. It wasn't too hard for him to step back and leave the natural instincts of these women alone. He guessed that as the child grew he would take on more responsibility.
Colt was now attending Highline Community College to earn the remaining credits he needed for his AA degree. He needed to study but found it difficult as Amy showed off their baby. After spending about an hour participating with the young and older women who were visiting, Colt left for the library to study.  As he drove to the library, he thought about what was ahead. After completing his degree, he needed to study for five Microsoft certification exams in order to achieve the status of MCSE. He was assured by Mr. Carbon that his job prospects would be much better with that certification. He also expected that he would be able to earn more, even though it was his first non-school job. After he completed his education, he needed to interview for positions. So, he was also studying topics related to that.  At times he was tempted to leave the schooling on the back burner and just help with the baby and nothing else. But, he was told over and over again to do the work to reap the benefits. I guess if I'm going to support a family, I better do what these guys are telling me. Man, it's like it never stops.




Chapter 7


------Email-------
From: Darwin, Aurora[AuroraDarwin@earthlink.com]
To: Brock, Briana[BBrock@earthlink.com]
Subject: Where is a real spiritual man for me?                           

Hi Brianna

Well, I’ve been here in Seattle for about 6 months. It does feel very spiritual to me but I’m not connecting with other seekers like us. I have been on some dates but none of the guys I meet care about metaphysical things. Don’t get me wrong, I like the sex. You know that lovemaking is like a holy sacrament to me. But afterwards I have nothing in common with the men I’m with.  
I am hopeful that I’ve found a group of seekers that are in tune with my beliefs. I hear that they are open to all sorts of things like astral projection, eastern philosophy and secret meditation techniques.  I am going to a meeting next week. It’s hard to believe that they meet in the Burien Library of all places. So, I’m hoping that I run into a truly spiritual man who wants to connect with me on every level. Ooohh!!!! I get excited all over just thinking about it. 
Wish me luck.

Aurora

------Email-------

The meeting in the conference room on the second floor of the Burien Library was about to begin. There were 14 people in the room. Ages ranged from late twenties to early fifties. The mixed aromas of coffee and tea permeated the air and a plate of delicate pastries sat on the large table in the middle of the room.
 Just as the meeting was starting with Burton Johns leading things a young woman walked into the room. All of the attendees looked up from the table. The newcomer was a stunning female. Her strawberry blond hair framed striking, light purple eyes that were surrounded by a lightly freckled cream-colored complexion. All of the men in the room noticed her blatant use of clothes, hairstyle and makeup to project a sexually attractive but intelligent image. Burton spoke.
“Can I help you?”
“Oh, I surely hope so. I’m looking for the metaphysical study group that meets here. It this it?”
“Yes, this is it. We were just getting started. I’m Burton Johns. Would you like to sit down?” asked Burton.
The young woman, who wore a white short-sleeved blouse, dark blue tights and a pink skirt, put up her hand in greeting and spoke.
“Hi everyone. I’m Aurora Darwin. I’m so glad I found you guys. I came down from Seattle.”
“Welcome Aurora. I’ll let you introduce yourself later in the meeting. Also, after you see how the meeting goes we can answer any questions that you may have,” said Burton.
Burton proceeded to run the meeting which consisted of a reading from a few selected books, members sharing personal experiences and open discussion about a variety of spiritual, metaphysical and religious topics. Aurora Darwin sat quietly listening. After an hour had passed, Burton turned his attention to their guest.
“Aurora, would you like to come up and tell us about yourself?”
The thin young woman stood and walked to the front of the room as Burton sat down. The men in the group could not help noticing her breasts bouncing over her trim stomach as she walked. Aurora Darwin faced her audience and smiled putting her hands together and bowing her head.
“I am so happy that I found this group. You guys are just what I was looking for. My name is Aurora Darwin. I’m twenty-four years young. I came here from California about six months ago and I love it here. But, I needed to connect with people like myself. I got interested in metaphysical things after I had an un-intended experience. I was at a party and someone, I still don’t know who, put something in my glass of wine. I was told later that it was probably a psychedelic drug. I haven’t been the same since.”
A lady in jeans and a plaid shirt raised her hand and Aurora pointed to her and nodded.
“Weren’t you afraid? I’ve heard that having an experience like that can be really scary.”
“You know I’ve heard that too but it wasn’t like that for me. It’s very hard to describe but it was like the universe opened up to me.  I felt a spiritual ecstasy where color, sound and other senses, that I didn’t know I had, were opened up. In the end I came out of it feeling like I had experienced God. I even changed my name to Aurora because it was such a powerful experience.”
“Was it only the one time?” asked a man in his fifties.
“Yes. I only did it once. But I’ve been trying to get back to that place ever since. I’ve tried a lot of different things and I’m going to keep on trying. But all of them are natural like yoga and meditation.”
“Let’s take a short break and then Aurora can ask us questions. I’m sure she has quite a few,” said Burton.
After the break the group answered questions and asked their new guest more of their own. In spite of her seemingly kittenish appearance, her infectious youthful personality entranced everyone in the room. All of them were disappointed when it was time to end the meeting. Burton Johns turned to Aurora and spoke.
“We’re so happy that you came. Will we see you at our next meeting?”
The stunning girl hugged Burton who felt like he’d been ambushed.  She held on much longer than the intelligent man was used to or comfortable with.  After extricating himself from her embrace, she answered.
“Oh for sure I’ll be here next time. I love you guys. I feel like I’m home.




Chapter 8


------Email-------
From: Brown, Sasha[Sashabrown2@yahoo.com]
To: Carbon, Elyce[ElyceCarbon@AOL.com]
Subject:  Don't do it.                    
----------------------------------------------------------------------

Hi Girl
I just want to remind you of how different Burton is from us.
He is into that stupid book of his and he attends that church. You 
and I experience things so differently from him. The main thing
is that he isn't very sensitive to inner stuff. So far you have 
been very helpful to that young man. I can't see why you want
to bring someone like Burton into it.
Sasha

------Email-------

Elyce Carbon parked her green Subaru at Seahurst Beach Park. It was not a big beach but was separated from town enough to give visitors a feeling of getting away and back to nature.  Trees came down a steep hill and in some places leaned over and almost touched the sand. There was also a cement walkway above a rock wall that led to a small playground.  The sheltered Puget Sound was calm and had a soothing effect on the contemplative woman. She was going to meet with Burton Johns in an hour and wanted to get her thoughts organized. It would have been nice to have Sasha with her because they worked so well together, but Sasha would have none of it. Although Elyse was firm in her decision, she regretted that Sasha disagreed with her and wouldn’t come along.
The tide was out revealing various sea creatures including starfish of different colors. She liked the light purple ones and touched a large specimen with her finger. Elyce meandered near the water, stopping at times to observe. If she spied an agate, she picked it up and put it in a small plastic bag. A light drizzle fell under dark overcast skies onto her light blue jacket. Although it was late summer, the weather had discouraged many from going to the beach. It wasn't empty but pleasantly un-crowded.
After about an hour, Elyce got into her car and drove up the hill into Burien. As she passed the Dairy Queen on Ambaum Boulevard, she was overcome with a craving for crispy onion rings and a chicken sandwich.  I guess I forgot to eat breakfast again, she thought. I'll get something at the meeting. She wanted to have the meeting at Starbucks but Burton preferred to meet for lunch. So, they had agreed on a popular restaurant in the middle of Burien called The Elliot Bay Brewhouse and Pub. 
When Elyce walked in Burton was already seated in a booth by the window looking at a menu.  She sat down and soaked in the atmosphere of the restaurant. After psychically scanning the one room establishment, she attempted to get a feel for Burton's state of mind. He looked up from his menu and smiled with twinkling gray eyes from behind reading glasses. He was in his 40s and of average height and build. Elyce remembered what Sasha had said. She tried to delve into the inner self of Burton but ran into interference. It was like a cloud of static was preventing her from penetrating very far. She knew that this was what had frustrated her friend so much. Although extremely intelligent and knowledgeable about spiritual matters, he was guarded and aloof. And as Sasha was always so willing to point out, his knowledge was not experiential.
Burton opened the conversation after the two had ordered. 
"Elyce, you have me curious. What did you want to discuss?"
Elyce wasn't ready to jump right into things and resented that he had skipped right to the reason she was there. 
"Let's catch up first. We haven't talked in ages," Elyce replied.
After Elyse ordered a chicken dish with onion rings, they talked about kids, work and other mundane topics for about forty minutes.  As they talked Elyce was reminded of how un-intuitive, Burton was. He's really intelligent, but doesn't have much of an inner life, she thought. She understood why Sasha disagreed with her decision but she felt that Colt needed someone who was not psychic, to talk to. It was just too powerful of a combination when two sensitive individuals were together. It was too easy to just float away without even knowing it.  Burton knew all about psychic things. He just had never experienced the things that were common for Elyce and Colt. Burton was on the outside looking in with a bit of envy.
"Let's talk about a young man who is very talented in the psychic arena," said Elyce.
"Okay. Tell me about him," answered Burton.
"He's very unusual. Most of the individuals that I know that have inner abilities are women. Colt is only about twenty years old and he's extremely psychic. Too much so, I think."
"You know I 'm not like you and Sasha. I don't experience psychic things. Yeah, I've read a lot but I make no claims."
"That’s why I asked you here. I was wondering if you would be interested in meeting Colt and helping him to understand what is happening to him from a different point of view?" asked Elyse.
A look of surprise came over Burton's face. 
"Uh, well, I would think that you would be better suited to help him with that," answered Burton.
"I have had experiences on the other side with him but I think it's time for him to learn in a different way. Spending too much time in another state of consciousness isn't good, especially for him."
"Oh, I think I understand. You two connect in a psychic way but he has enough of that already. I've read about what you're describing. Losing your connection to the earth can result in a lot of problems."
"Colt has a lot of questions. Some haven't even occurred to him yet. If you could meet with him and answer some of them, I'd appreciate it."
"As long as you understand that I have my own ideas about God, religion and all that other stuff. And, I'm going to tell him what I think."
"Thanks Burton. I expect you will like Colt and he’ll like you," said Elyse.
As she drove home, Elyse remembered the intense experiences that she shared with Colt. She felt that too much of that type of experience was bad for Colt. She also knew that she had to consider her own health. It was exciting and powerful to traverse inner worlds but heightened experience came with a price. She knew all too well that it was possible to leave her body and never return. Also a few of her psychic friends had ended up in mental institutions when they were careless about staying balanced.



Chapter 9


------Email-------
From: Carbon, Matthew[MatthewC@hocs.biz]
To: O'Brien, Colt[ColtOB@hotmail.com]
Subject: Getting ready                          

Hello Colt

Let me know if this Sunday is okay to meet with Alex Coleman for the mock interview. I know that you're overwhelmed with everything that's going on. That's okay. If you end up working in IT, you will be pushed pretty hard. And you'll find out that juggling is a way of life. You might as well get used to being challenged. Please be serious about this exercise and do the studying that we suggested.
If you stay with the plan, I think you'll have a good chance of landing a great job. Right now there's a need for IT workers. So it's a good time to jump in. There's no way to know how long it will last though. So take advantage of the situation.

Matthew

------Email-------

As Colt walked onto the Highline Community College campus, he thought about the last few days. He had crammed for two exams that he needed to pass in order to test out of the last classes required to finish his AA degree. Little Robbie had been keeping he and Amy up for an entire week. He felt a strong appreciation for his new wife. She told him to sleep on the couch in the rec room so he would be rested for the tests. No way I could pass these tests without getting some sleep. This kid thing is brutal.
Even though he was rested and had studied hard, he was nervous. He knew that he would need very high scores to pass and receive the credit. I'm ready for this school stuff to be over. I have other things to do. As much as he tried to avoid thinking about finding a job and then an apartment, he could not help thinking ahead.  The next phase of his life waited just beyond his reach. It called to him from a place that seemed to be so very far away. I better pass these tests or we'll never get out of Amy's parent’s house. 
Colt walked into a small testing room with about ten computer workstations. He handed over his phone and notes to the young, attractive female teacher's assistant who was conducting the exams. Normally he would take a second look at a pretty girl but now he was acutely focused on the challenge ahead. He kept only his large Starbucks coffee cup as he sat at the designated workstation.  After the girl gave him instructions, she smiled and asked him a question.
"Do you want to take a break after you finish the first exam?" she asked while stealing a glance at his wedding ring.
"Uh, how long does it usually take to finish the first test?" asked Colt.
"For most people about an hour or less. You can have a twenty minute break or just keep going." 
Colt took a large gulp of the steamy, aromatic brew and tried to slow down the emotional horses that were pulling him forward. I probably should play it safe and take the break. That's what Mr. Carbon would say. 
"I guess I'll chill out after the first test."
"Okay, you can start now." 
Colt clicked on the start button displayed on his computer screen and jumped in. It took him no time at all to get into a rhythm. Before he knew it, he was almost done with the first exam. The small digital clock in the lower right corner of his screen showed forty minutes remaining. Colt smiled with confidence. This is a piece of cake. No problemo for El Colto. He was ready to click on the next question when he sensed something. The wave of momentum he rode urged him to go on but something deep inside was tugging at him. It was like an elephant was sitting on his hand and its trunk was slapping him on the side of the head. Okay, okay, you got me to stop. Now what? He turned his focus inward and tried to calm himself. It took a few minutes to overcome his disappointment and irritation at being interrupted. As he entered a light meditative state, he recalled the problems he had already completed. He watched as they came into view, were scanned and then slipped away. 
After what seemed like a long time to Colt, he opened his eyes. The clock displayed 30 minutes remaining. He realized that he had been careless without being aware of it. He should have expected that the questions would be booby-trapped but the answers seemed so obvious that he hadn't looked at them closely.  I guess I better finish up and look at every question again. With his newfound awareness and focus he continued while following the revised approach. When Colt finished the first exam he looked at the minutes remaining. He had used all of the time allotted. I guess triple-checking everything took a little longer. When he looked up from the workstation, the teacher's assistant spoke. 
"You passed the first test. You only missed one question. I'll tell you when it's time for the other exam."
"Thanks. I'm going for a walk. I'll be back in a few," said Colt.
After almost failing the first exam because of his carelessness, Colt didn't stop to celebrate moving past his first hurdle. Instead, he took full advantage of his twenty minute break to recharge and stay mentally focused. Colt’s mindset at the beginning of the second exam was much different from the first. Colt was able to continue working with the same intensity and focus. Although he didn’t need all of the time allowed he easily passed. Well, I got the degree thing out of the way. Now to attack the other stuff. Yeaahhhh! 
On the way home Colt stopped and bought a small chocolate cake. He and Amy celebrated his achievement and even gave little Robbie a bite of cake.   
After taking a short study break and basking in the glow of earning his AA degree, Colt was back at it again. He only had a few days before he would have the mock interview with Alex Coleman. He had never interviewed for a job and was happy to get in some practice. His first job at Western Washington University was given to him after achieving his first Microsoft certification in high school. Luckily he had created a résumé as part of a class he was in but he still needed to create a new one. Colt knew from experience that trying to study at his temporary home was difficult so he again was sitting in the Burien library. He frowned as he looked at the pile of materials on the table in front of him. There were two books about job interviews. He had long lists of potential questions and various answers. Also, both Mr. Carbon and Alex Coleman had written notes on the interview process and how to prepare. I guess I'll scan all this stuff first to see where I want to start. He proceeded to look over the table of contents of both books and then quickly scanned the other materials. I think I've been cramming too much. All of it is starting to look the same. It’s all a mishmash of crap. After about ten minutes of scanning, he stood up and stretched like he would before an athletic contest. When he felt relaxed he sat back down and opened a book. Here I go again. At least this won't be a real interview. 



Chapter 10 


------Email-------
From: Jones, Bobby[Bobbyj@WWU.edu]
To: O'Brien, Colt[ColtOB@hotmail.com]
Subject: Still hanging in                         

Hey Colt
Its tough being here without you.  It was a lot easier staying off the booze with you around. At least Suzy is here with me now. She supports me and all but it's not the same. School just started. Maybe it will get better after a while.

Bobby


------Email-------

Bobby Jones woke up in his bedroom but took a while to adjust to his surroundings. Rain pelted the windows which reminded him of his room back in his parent's house.  The fact that the temperature was at around 70 degrees made the environment seem tropical and humid.  He had recently moved in with two other male students. The three-bedroom house was near the Western Washington University campus. He stretched his long slim torso and yawned. It was near ten in the morning. Sleep was still reflected in his bright blue eyes. He allowed his head to plop back down while he delayed movement into the new day. 
School started the following day and although he was ready, his mind was weighed down with mixed memories, fears and emotions. Because of his alcohol addiction and recent events, he struggled to stay balanced. When he entered rehab, he thought that he could go through a process and be done with it. Nothing could be further from the truth. He still struggled daily with the urge to drink. I sure hope I can stay sober with Colt gone. Who would've thought that he would be out of school and I would still be here. One bright spot in Bobby's life was his new girlfriend Suzy Bower. She seemed to like him in spite of his problems. He lay back and envisioned her face in his mind.  Her short black hair shimmered above liquid brown eyes. A glint of light sparkled from the lone earring that was lodged in her ear. 
Bobby knew that if she hadn't come on the scene he probably would have succumbed to his demons. After spending most of the summer together he was sure that she loved him. He couldn't understand why someone so outgoing and sophisticated would want to be with him and his problems. She had remained even after seeing him go through many emotional ups and downs. He finally decided to stop thinking about it and enjoy the one bright spot in his life. 
As he started to embrace the idea of getting out of bed, he turned his attention to what was ahead. He was living with two other sophomores. They were strangers and he had no special desire to get to know them. It was just a way to save on rent and get out of the tiny dorm room that he was in. He knew that he still needed to attend AA meetings and stick to his plan of finishing school. Although he had almost flunked out his freshman year, he was given a second chance after changing his partying ways. The fact that he helped Colt fix serious computer problems and that he showed his desire to overcome his alcohol addiction also were factors. One requirement to stay at Western was that he helped with PC support on campus. After years of doing computer support with Colt by his side, he wasn't looking forward to it. But he knew that part of his rehab was to do things he didn't want to do.
The cell phone on his dresser started to ring. He looked and saw that it was Suzy and answered.
"Uh, hey. What's up?" 
"Well, it's our last day of freedom. We have to do something," said the ebullient voice on the other end of the line.
Bobby thought about what he would like to do but nothing came into his head. It's good she called. I might have wasted the whole day doing nothing, he thought.
"Uh, sure. You decide. I’m having a hard time getting moving. It’s good you called," answered Bobby.
"Okay. Meet me at Starbucks in a half hour," she said.
After having coffee drinks and walking around Bellingham Suzy suggested that they would eat lunch at a vegetarian eatery. Bobby who usually ate fast food, was not enthusiastic but didn't resist. After ordering Suzy looked directly into Bobby’s eyes. Her short black hair shimmered over deep brown sparkling eyes. Unlike Colt’s wife Amy who was trim and athletic, Suzy was curvaceous.  She had an air of sophistication that only added to her allure for Bobby who was now fantasizing about an afternoon of lovemaking. 
"Aren't you excited? We made it through the first year and now we can really get into it."
"Uh, I guess so. I try to care about school and work but I get sidetracked and wonder why I'm even doing it," answered Bobby.
She leaned over and kissed him on the lips. Bobby forgot that he was a little depressed and felt his day brighten. She pulled back, took in a deep breath and batted her thick eyelashes which made her eyes stand out.  Her lips were pushed out in a pouty kind of way causing Bobby’s sexual temperature to rise. 
"You're doing it because I'm here and I won't let you forget what's good for you," she said with a sexy smile. 
Man, I hope we finish lunch soon so I can show her my house and my bedroom. I guess staying at school wasn't so bad after all.
As they drove back to Bobby’s, he hoped that no one would be there when they arrived. 
“I wonder how Amy and Colt are doing? We have work to do here at school but it’s nothing like what they’re going through,” said Suzy.
“Well if anybody can do it, they can. I’m just glad I don’t have a kid yet. No way I’m ready for that?” answered Bobby.
“I think they’re so sweet. And that baby, oh my gosh. Sometimes I wonder what being a mom would be like.”
“I talked to Colt about being a dad. He said that it’s a lot of work. He also told me that Amy lost interest in sex. He wasn’t too happy about that.”
“Sometimes it takes a while to get back into it after having a baby. I’ve heard about this happening before. You guys only think about one thing. It will work out.”
Bobby thought about the statement about being a mom. After seeing the faraway look in her eyes he wondered how to gracefully change the subject and decided it would be futile. 
“Uh, well, I think you’ll be a great mom. But, I think finishing school first would be good.”
“Okay sweetie. You’re the boss,” cooed Susy.
When Bobby opened the door to the house, both of his roommates looked up from the couch in the living room. A laptop computer sat on a small table in front of them.
After introductions Bobby whispered “Let’s take a quick look at my room and then go to your place. Maybe nobody’s there.”
Suzy winked at the two roommates and pinched Bobby on the butt. They both laughed.



Chapter 11


------Email-------
From: O’Brien, Amy[AmyBrien@AOL.com]
To: Bower, Suzy[susybower@WWU.edu]
Subject: Living at home                         

Suzy

Well now that we're married and I have my baby, Im wondering when we get our own place. Don't get me wrong. I luv my parents and living here is easy. But I think it's too easy for us. I told Colt that I want to look at apartments. I know he doesn't have a job yet but I'm ready. I know it's weird for him too, living here.   

And how are you doing now that school has started. That life seems so long ago to me now. I can't say that I miss it.

Amy
------Email-------

It was about 9 am. Colt sat at the kitchen table, in his temporary home, drinking coffee. His mind was racing to catch up with all of the information he had taken in about interviewing for a job. Before starting his study, he thought he could do okay in a job interview but now his confidence was faltering. I never knew there was this much crap to go over. It's like going to war but everyone has to be nice. He felt that he had done enough studying but knew that he needed some real experience. I need to actually sit in front of a guy who is asking questions. Some things can't be figured out by reading books.
Amy walked in with little Robbie and sat down at the table next to Colt. She started to breast feed the baby. She looked at Colt with a questioning stare and spoke.
"Colt, did you forget what we're doing today?" she asked.
Colt tried to push his thoughts about job interviewing to the side. Then he remembered something.
"Uh, aren't we looking for apartments today?" 
"So you did remember. I know you're worried about the money but I have some savings and my parents will help us with first and last month's rent." 
"Whatever we have won't last long if I'm not working. So my main deal is getting a job," said Colt.
"I know you'll get a job. I saw you fix all those computers at school. And you got your AA degree, too," she said.
"If there's one thing I've learned in the last few years, it's to not think things will just be great because I want them to. I have to be serious," answered Colt.
She leaned over and kissed Colt on the lips and then looked him directly in the eyes.
"I'm so proud of you. I think you can do anything," she said.

~~~

It was ten in the morning with drizzle blanking most of the Seattle area. Amy and Colt were in Amy's mother's Toyota Corolla.  The baby was at home with Colt's mother Leona. Colt drove the car toward the Puget Sound. Their destination was the Seahurst neighborhood of Burien. They stopped at a medium sized gray house, with purple trim, that overlooked the water. Only an assortment of trees and brush were between the house and the water 200 feet below. As soon as the car stopped a tall young woman strode out the front door with a smile on her face. Her lean figure and short blond hair gave her an appearance of being an athlete. She opened the door and plopped onto the back seat. 
"Colt this is Sandy Parker. She played soccer with Kelly." said Amy.
"Uh, yeah. I saw you play with my sister a few times. People used to call you the Burien soccer twins. I can see that from far away you look like Kelly. It's great to meet you." said Colt.
"We're so happy you're helping us find an apartment. It's all new to us," said Amy.
"Well, I just graduated with my degree in property management. So now I'm learning all I can about local real estate. I think I can help you guys out."
"We have so much going on and we're so green, that I think we might end up in a bad deal without some help. I really appreciate you coming along with us," said Colt.
"Let's see how this goes before you thank me. I have my list here. Let's get to it."
As they drove to their first destination in Des Moines, Amy and Sandy talked about the baby and transitioning from being a college student to being a mother. Also they had soccer in common. That was the one thing that Amy missed in her new life. Passion for soccer still burned in her heart.
Colt was excited to see possible future homes for them and for a short window of time was able to put aside study and thinking about earning a living. By the time lunch came around, they had looked at four apartments in or near Burien. Sandy was not only knowledgeable but also a bit intimidating to the salesmen that they dealt with. She had a list of questions that caught some of them off guard. Although Colt was impressed with Sandy and expected they would end up with a great deal, he lost interest in apartment hunting quickly. He knew that no matter how optimistic Amy was about money, they would end up in a small space surrounded by other small spaces. Crap, I didn't realize how much I like living in a big house. This apartment living, with a baby, won't be any fun at all. And some of those cheap places are like slum city. Ugh!
While they ate lunch at Huckleberry Square on Ambaum Ave. Colt's mind wandered. He was happy to let the women figure out the apartment situation. In very little time he again found himself fantasizing about sex. In spite of his resolve to keep his thoughts on his wonderful wife and their life together, he wondered what Sandy was like in bed. Sheesh, I better get some space between me and these women. I can’t believe that I keep thinking about this stuff. He ate quickly and then went to the bathroom just to get himself under control. After an extended absence he returned to the table. He felt more under control but not as much as he wanted to be. 
The two young women barely noticed his time away as they discussed various topics.  It was obvious to Colt that Amy had a clear picture of what she wanted and was happy to take ownership of the living arrangements. Fine with me Amy. You go for it. That's one less thing I have to deal with.
"Colt, I think the two-bedroom place by Normandy Park on 1st Ave. is the best. What do you think?"
"Can we afford it? I think that’s the best one of what we've seen so far," answered Colt.
"Sandy got us a deal. If we do a one year lease we'll get a big discount. And, I think we really need a room for the baby."
Colt knew that they could save money by going into a different apartment but had no energy to argue. So, we have to commit for a year. I guess I'll have to make sure I make enough bucks to pay for this.
"Okay, let's go for it. I like it too." he said.
“Sandy said we can move in next week. Is that okay sweetie?” asked Amy.
Colt knew that it was a rhetorical question and there was no real need to answer. But, he did anyway.
“Sure, that’s fine. It’s good that we don’t have that much stuff to move.”
“Oh, we can talk about that later. We’ll need to buy some furniture, too.”
Colt stopped himself from making a snide comment about money growing on trees and only nodded and smiled.





Chapter 12


------Email-------
From: O'Brien, Leona[LeonaB@aol.com]
To: Carbon, Elyce[ElyceCarbon@AOL.com]
Subject: Is Colt okay?                         

Hi Elyce

I think Colt is holding up well with everything he is trying to do. But, it's just so much for a 20 year old. To me he's just a baby. I know you can see deep inside of people and that you have a special relationship with Colt. What do you think? Is he doing too much?
Any insight would be appreciated. I worry about him.

Leona

------Email-------

It was early in the morning and Colt was dreaming. Lately his dreams and their insightful messages were sporadic and when they happened, short.  This morning was no different. Just as he was slipping into a clear, lucid dream which seemed to be something about troubleshooting an intricate computer problem, the baby's crying woke him up. Amy was already up and had little Robbie in her arms. But once Colt was awake, he knew that getting back to sleep and into the dream world would be impossible. Man, I never knew how lucky I was to be able to sleep as long as I wanted. I really miss my dreams.
After a few moments of adjusting to being in the real world, he remembered what day it was. Crap, it's like four in the morning and I have that mock interview thing today. At least Amy has the kid. I guess I might as well get up and make some coffee. Colt got up and hugged Amy who was breast feeding the baby. She whispered in his ear. 
"I love you Colt. You take care of getting a job and I'll handle the baby. I'm proud of you and I know you'll do great."
"I love you too. With you I can do anything," answered Colt.
He kissed her and left for the kitchen. After drinking strong coffee, and eating a small breakfast, Colt pored over his study materials and notes for the remainder of the morning.  I guess I'm ready. At least it's not the real thing. Why am I getting so amped up? These guys are on my team. This is just a learning deal.
Colt drove into Burien. The interview would be in an office on the first floor of a two-story building. He arrived in about five minutes. To Colt it appeared that there were four offices per floor. He was told to dress as if he was going to a real interview. He wore khaki pants, a crisp, light blue shirt and black shoes. He knew this was standard apparel for many IT professionals.
At the front door of the building he was met by a professionally dressed young woman. She offered her hand and shook Colt's.
"I'm Katherine. Please follow me. The interview may take some time. Would you like some coffee or something else to drink?"
She seemed so pleasant and attractive that Colt had a difficult time focusing on the interview and not her. Her delicate perfume had an intoxicating affect which made him relax. It was as if he was floating without a care in the world. Colt had a strong urge to hug Katherine and kiss her neck but, as they walked in he sensed something. It was like hearing a muffled alarm far off in the distance. With effort he pulled himself out of his trance and began to focus. I better get myself straight or I'll crash and burn. Something isn't what it seems in this place. And here I go again with this chick thing. Amy better do something soon or I don’t know what’s going to happen.
"Uh, Katherine, do you have a restroom?"
"It's right around that corner. I'll wait for you here," she said in a syrupy voice that made Colt feel warm all over.
Colt stood at the sink looking in the mirror. He splashed cold water in his face and tried to attune his internal psychic radar. After getting a feel for his environment, he became even more serious. Now, he realized that this would not be the easy learning experience that he expected and wanted. Although he was told to act like this was a real interview, it hadn't really sunk in. He was meeting with people he knew, people who were supposed to be helping him. It was difficult for him to see them as anything but allies. I guess I better be ready for anything. I wonder if that girl was supposed to distract me. Well, she's doing a pretty good job. Man that perfume is like a trip to a tropical island.
When Colt felt like he was focused enough to proceed he met Katherine in the hall. She leaned close to him while holding his arm as they walked toward the back offices. Colt again noticed her perfume but now was immune to distraction. 
Alex Coleman was waiting at the door when they arrived. He introduced himself and shook Colt's hand. 
"There will be an observer in the room with us today. His name is Matthew Carbon. He will not participate in this interview other than to observe," said Alex.
Now Colt was positive that these guys were going to act like they were doing a real interview with a stranger. Okay, let's do this. Bring it on dudes.  Alex Coleman sat behind a desk with a pile of papers. He looked at Colt in a serious manner and pulled one of the papers off of the top of the pile.
"I see that you don't have any real work experience in the IT field. The fact that you've passed the Microsoft certification exams makes me interested," said Alex as if Colt was still in high school.
A rush of confidence rose up in Colt. He had been over this scenario in his study. Now, don't get mad and don't get cocky. Just give him the facts. He knew this was a standard opening. It was aimed at filtering out weak candidates.
Colt started by addressing the certifications and how valuable they were to his understanding of computer networking and operating systems. Then, he talked about his experience with a variety of computer problems in high school and then at college. Lastly he mentioned a few outstanding achievements that were documented in his resume.
Alex Coleman looked at him like he was exaggerating his talent while asking more questions about his best work. Colt felt like a fog of ice crystals was forming between them. Although he thought he had answered the question well, he was starting to wonder where he was going to go from here. Crap, this just started and I feel like I'm already in a deep hole. Is this the same guy I just had lunch with the other day?
The cold interviewer tossed the resume into a trash can like this was a common action. He then proceeded to go over Colt's entire job history year by year from memory. As he did, he asked Colt questions that had nothing to do with fixing computers. After about ten minutes of answering, Mr. Coleman asked another question that seemed idiotic to Colt.
"If you were going to make of piece of toast, what steps would you take? Please write down all the steps on a piece of paper." 
Colt was now becoming irritated. I'm getting sick of this crap and this guy's attitude. Screw him! He looked in his materials to find some paper and realized that he didn't have anything to write with. 
"Uh, do you have a pen, Mr. Coleman?" he asked.
Mr. Coleman pursed his lips and glared at him. He pushed a pad of paper and pen toward Colt. Both landed in his lap. 
After finishing writing down the steps, he gave the simple outline to his interviewer. Colt had not prepared for this and had no confidence that what he created was right. All hope flew away like a flock of birds when Mr. Coleman took a quick glance at the paper and frowned. It also ended up in the trash can. 
The stern, lanky man stood and turned his back on Colt. He looked out the window as he stretched. After what seemed like an eternity to Colt, Mr. Coleman turned around.
"We'll take a short break. You can get coffee and pop in the break room. Katherine will show you where it is. We'll start up again in ten minutes."
Colt didn't move as both Mr. Coleman and Mr. Carbon left the room. He had been so intent on the interview that he had forgotten Mr. Carbon was even there. It was long past the time where Colt thought he had any chance of getting a job, even if it wasn't a real job.
It wasn't long before Mr. Coleman was again sitting behind the desk. Katherine was rolling in chairs from the hall. What the frig is happening now? I'm ready for this whole thing to be over with.
It turned out that it was far from over. Mr. Coleman introduced "company employees". There were four in all. Two worked in IT on servers and two were programmers. 
"This will be the group part of the interview," said Mr. Coleman.
What happened next was not something Colt was ready for or had anticipated. How the hell could I have not known to study for this? What the heck. Here we go again. The four individuals, who were in their twenties, asked questions in a very informal and haphazard way. At times they would interrupt each other and even had little side conversations and disagreements. In a short time, Colt was wondering which way was up. He tried to answer the questions but much of the time was not given the time to answer completely before someone interrupted. After the very organized Mr. Coleman this was a bit like an unorganized circus with the clowns running the show.  After about forty minutes, the group seemed to run out of steam. I think these guys are finally bored. Man, am I ready to lose this crew. Even if I was able to answer these guys, I doubt that the information would ever get back to the right people? It's like they're living in another world and I'm not even in the room.
Then the unexpected happened. One of the four, who looked like he programmed 24 hours a day and didn't care about anything else, asked him one last question. Colt was so burned out from his previous ordeal that he had a hard time understanding what he was being asked. It was something about a monk walking up a hill one day and down the next. After a few minutes of thinking about it, Colt said he didn't have the answer. Please let this interview be over. I want to work in IT, not some mind game world.
The four interviewers thanked Colt as Mr. Coleman returned.
He looked at Colt who was now a mishmash of conflicting emotions. 
"Thanks for your time, Colt. We'll contact you through email with our decision."
Katherine guided Colt to the front door of the building. He felt like laying his head on her shoulder and floating away. Has any interview ever gone this bad?



Chapter 13


------Email-------
From: Carbon, Elyce[ElyceCarbon@AOL.com]
To: O'Brien, Colt[ColtOB@hotmail.com]
Subject:  My friend Burton                    
------------------------------------------------------

Hello Colt
I would like you to meet my friend Burton. I think he will be able to give you a different point of view concerning your psychic experiences.  He has a tremendous background in religion and eastern philosophy. Let me know if you are interested in meeting him. If so, I will get you his information.
Elyce

------Email-------

Colt sat across from Burton Johns at Huckleberry Square. Colt noticed the fortyish man's thick brown hair and scholarly look. Although he wasn't wearing glasses, it seemed to Colt that spectacles would be a perfect fit. Burton was introducing himself and his background. This guy has no problem with talking, that's for sure. Hmm, I wonder if he takes this long for everything else he talks about?
"So, as you can see, I've studied numerous religions and philosophies," summed up Burton.
Colt noticed that he seemed to go deep within to access vast amounts of information before uttering a sentence. But once he started he could talk for a long time without pause. It's like this guy is opening up an internal Wikipedia. He's got to be really smart.
"Uh, it sounds like you know a lot of stuff. What about the stuff that happens to me?" asked Colt.
Again Burton seemed to delve deep into whatever store of information he had before he spoke. 
"Yes, about that. Why don't you tell me about some of your experiences? That way I can compare your real experience to things that I’ve read," said Burton.
"Uh sure. I have dreams that sorta come true or at least let me know something is going to happen. Also, I've had out of body stuff happen to me."
"Please tell me about your out of body experiences. I have studied that quite a bit."
Just as Colt was about to answer a stunning young woman walked up to the table. Hmm, I wonder who this is, thought Colt? The woman had reddish-blond hair and purple eyes which Colt had never seen before. But most of all he noticed her breasts which seemed larger than her slim body could support. Are those real?
“Hi Burton. It’s great to see you. Are you guys discussing metaphysical stuff?”
The studious man seemed at a loss for words with this interruption but gathered himself. 
“Uh, er, hi Aurora. This is Colt O’Brien. We’re talking about some of his interesting experiences.”
“I’m so happy to meet you Colt. I belong to the group with Burton. Are you a member?” asked Aurora.
“Nice to meet you. Uh, we just met. So, no I’m not in the group. But if you want to join us you are welcome to,” answered Colt.
“Oh that’s so nice of you. I think I will,” said the now ebullient young woman.
Aurora sat next to Burton facing Colt. She smiled while listening as Colt continued.
He explained that he had a recurring dream where felt like he was moving toward the light but not getting into it. He also talked about his experience with Elyce where he was lost and couldn't get back into his body. Colt ended by describing his near death experience where he floated out of his body and then felt a higher being communicating with him.
"So it was like I was connected to something that was way bigger than myself. No way I could describe the happiness I felt. And, it was like I was soaking up information like a huge sponge."
Colt changed as he opened up about his near-death event. He was beaming when he stopped talking.
By this time an invisible connection had formed between Colt and Aurora. It was like a sensual, sexual river running between the two. Aurora was entranced by Colt’s words. She couldn’t move her attention away from him. Colt was caught up in his wonderful memories of psychic experiences that seemed so far away from his life as it was now. Also the undercurrent of sexual energy was causing him to become slightly aroused physically.
Burton perked up when he heard the last part about Colt’s near-death experience but was oblivious to what was happening with Aurora and Colt. He tried to contain his excitement but was now fully engaged with this young man who had seemed rather ordinary when they first met.
"Well that is something special. I've read about experiences similar to what you are describing. It is very common and has been documented in books and other publications."
"Uh, yeah but there's no way I can really describe it very well. I can't forget it. And, it's clear in my mind, but it was too different from anything on this earth," said Colt.
"Would you call it a spiritual experience? Was it like God was talking to you?"
Colt had not really tried to categorize what had happened to him but now as he tried to formulate an answer he guessed that it was a spiritual experience. He had always thought that spiritual and religious were the same thing, but somehow he began to see a difference.
"If 'God' and 'spiritual' mean something bigger than me or this earth and it gives you a feeling of unending happiness, then I guess it was spiritual," answered Colt.
"A lot of people who have had similar experiences say that they are no longer afraid of dying and that they know there is life after death. How do you feel about it now that it’s been awhile? Is it like death is no big deal?" 
Colt had no problem pulling the memories of that experience into his thoughts. It had been the most intense but positive thing that had ever happened to him. And, each moment of the event was etched in his mind. It was almost as if that short episode was a constant companion that lived with him. It reminded him that there was more to life than what he usually experienced day to day.
"First of all, when it's happening you don't think logically like you are describing. Afterward it takes a while to fit this giant experience into our little brains.  I guess I'm more accepting about it. I just try to remember the feeling I had when it was happening. But now that I think about it, I guess I don't worry much about dying or the afterlife. I just figure that everything will be okay and that I’ll be taken care of."
Aurora could contain her excitement no longer. She wanted to jump across the table and hug Colt.
“That’s amazing Colt. I’ve never met a guy who had an experience like I did. I can’t believe it. This is fantastic.”
Colt and Aurora then compared notes about what had happened to them and found much common ground. Burton took a sip of his coffee and tried to adjust his thinking to the information he had just taken in as they talked. He was torn between an extremely strong desire to dismiss what Colt was saying and the overwhelming sense that this young man was really telling the truth. Aurora had no doubts about the validity of Colt’s words but the whole weird experience was just too much for Burton to digest, especially since it was almost word for word the same as what he had read in numerous books. 
After some time Colt felt like he was on the edge of an abyss and was about to fall in. The pull of this young woman was so strong that it began to scare him. Also, he was now fully aroused which was causing him to feel uncomfortable and very guilty.
“Uh, you know, Amy’s probably expecting me at home. I should probably get going,” said Colt. 
“Oh so soon? I was just starting to get into what you were talking about,” said Aurora.
For the first time Colt noticed that Burton seemed to be confused. And he knew that wasn't a state that Burton was used to. Maybe I scared this guy like my Mom is always warning me about. Anyway, I need to split. I’m way too into this girl.
"I have to admit that you caught me off guard, Colt. I want to come back to the spiritual thing later. I need to think about it," he said.
"Uh, okay. I know it's kinda unbelievable. I don’t really talk about it much."
“I totally believe what you’re saying Colt. And I hope we can talk more about it,” said Aurora.
Then Burton continued.
"I think I know why Elyce wants me to work with you. It has to do with you fitting psychic experiences into this world. I have no actual experience but I've studied a lot. And you have some really wild experiences but haven't studied much. It seems that our backgrounds complement. So I think it might work out well."
Colt went within and sensed that Burton was still reeling from what Colt had related to him. This guy has no clue about what I have been through. But I think this Aurora girls does. I think Elyce wants me to work on this stuff with someone who isn't like I am. I guess too much psychic energy between people can lead to bad things?
"Uh, I guess it would be good for me to see things differently and also compare what has happened to me to what others have experienced. I don't read about that stuff.  I have a feeling you've read a lot about it," said Colt.
Burton really was in no condition to continue talking to Colt. After years of reading about religion and psychic phenomena, a real live person was sitting across from him who had a tremendous reservoir of experience. He needed to go home and regroup. One thing he knew for sure. He had to talk to this interesting young man again.
"How about this, Colt, I'll put together a few books for you to look over and we can meet again in a week or two?"
"Sounds good to me. At least if I don't have too much other stuff to deal with. If I get a job, I'll be super busy."
"We can work around any other responsibilities you have. I would really like to talk more with you," said Burton.
“And don’t forget to invite me,” said Aurora.
When Colt stood Aurora jumped up and hugged him crushing her breasts into his chest and her hips up against his. He quickly backed away hoping that she didn’t notice his erection. Crap, I wonder if she felt anything? Get me outta here.
As Colt walked toward his car, he wondered how this new relationship with Burton would work out and how he could avoid Aurora Darwin. No way I'd hang out with this guy, if Mrs. Carbon hadn't set this up. He's like a teacher who could put me to sleep in class. And this chick is trouble. I want to be with her way too much.





Chapter 14


------Email-------
From: Carbon, Matthew[MatthewC@hocs.biz]
T0: O'Brien, Colt[ColtOB@hotmail.com]
Subject: Let's meet                      
----------------------------------------------------------------------

Hello Colt

I am guessing that you haven't contacted me because you 
aren't happy with the way the mock interview went.
Please respond to this email so I can set up the lessons-learned 
meeting.  I know we ambushed you but it was for your own
good.  You need to be thick-skinned to be prepared for the 
interviews you will be required to do.

Please call or email me.

Matthew


------Email-------

Colt woke up when the sun hit his face. The first thing he noticed was that Amy wasn't in bed by his side. A conversation from the kitchen was echoing around the bedroom. Unlike their previous spacious, serene, dwelling, it seemed to Colt like everything spoken in any room of their apartment could be heard in any other room. Also, he was irritated that the walls between units did not buffer them from noise. Crap, this matchbox is going to drive me nuts. After dorm living I thought this would be no big deal. But with a baby and a wife, it's like I'm always bumping into something. At least we have a room for the baby.
Colt showered and got dressed. As he walked into the small kitchen, he tried to mentally gear up for the day ahead. Since the mock interview, he'd found it difficult to stay motivated. His usual optimism was muted after being lambasted emotionally. Soon after that depressing experience, they moved into their new home and he hadn’t been able to sort out his feelings yet. They were now settling in after the excitement and nervous energy of the move had dissipated. However, it was a shock after living in Amy's parent's house which now seemed like the perfect home. I have to stop making excuses, and get back on track. I'm acting like this is summer vacation but it isn't.
The one thing that brightened Colt's morning was the smell of strong coffee filling the kitchen and permeating into the rest of the apartment. It reminded him of casually sitting in a Starbucks while drinking exotic coffee drinks with few responsibilities. Just before he exited the bedroom he heard a foreign voice. He walked into the kitchen and hugged Amy kissing her lightly on the lips. He sat down at the small table and saw that Suzy Bower was the guest he had heard. She was holding the baby like she wished it was her own. Robbie looked up at her with unfocused, innocent eyes and smiled.
"Hi Suzy. How are things?" asked Colt.
"Uh, hi Colt. I’m good. Oh how I just love this little guy." 
"What do you think of our new place? I'm still getting used to it." 
"You guys have to start somewhere. I know a lot of people who have a lot less," answered Suzy.
"Yeah, I know you're right. Now it's time for me to earn a living so I can pay the bills. Today, I get back to it."
Amy knew that Colt was feeling pressure to get a job and changed the subject.
"Suzy and Bobby are doing really good. I never would've thought it could happen," said Amy with a smile.
Colt looked at Suzy with respect in his eyes. He leaned over and kissed her on the forehead. 
"Bobinator's been through a lot. I know that you being with him is really good. The booze was making his life a total mess for a while," said Colt.
"We take it one day at a time. He's slowly turning into the old Bobby. But now he's older and wiser."
After talking for another half hour and eating, Colt grabbed some books with his laptop and left for the library. Seeing Suzy had jolted him into action. He remembered being at the University where she and Bobby were now and knew that he had to put that behind him. It was time to move on with his life. I guess I better make a plan and stick to it. First I study for the certification exam. Then I need to deal with the job thing. 
After arriving, Colt found the most deserted section of the library and started reading a study guide for the Windows Server exam. After about an hour, he opened his laptop and answered practice questions. I must be ready for this test. I'm getting all of the questions right. It sure seems a lot easier, now that I have done a few of these certs already.
In the back of Colt's mind was the issue he had been avoiding. He was still mad about the mock interview. He thought of Alex Coleman and envisioned him as an evil traitor who was out to get him.  He knew from Matthew Carbon's note that it was all to toughen him up. But, he still fought between logic and deep-seated emotions. I need a break from all of this thinking. Colt walked over to the pop machine and got an orange soda. As he walked back toward his books and laptop, he was stopped in his tracks as a vision formed in his mind. The thing that most surprised him was not the lucid, dreamlike movie that played across his inner vision. It was the fact that it had been so long since this happened to him. Whereas before he expected to have these episodes on a regular basis, now it was the opposite. Well, I guess I still can see psychic stuff, he thought. Colt eased into a meditative state as he tried to put himself in a receptive position. This must be important. I better focus.
The movie formed and it was if he was seated in a theater. A shimmering purple curtain opened and one person walked across the stage. It was Alex Coleman.  He wore a suit with bright, shiny black shoes and seemed to be the perfect example of a business man. Anger was building inside of Colt. It was like a ball that became bigger and bigger with each moment. Just as Colt was about to jump up and lash out, Alex Coleman started doing cartwheels around the stage. He kept doing it long and fast enough that he became a blur causing Colt to become dizzy. All of a sudden, Alex Coleman stopped and looked directly into Colt's eyes. He smiled and ran across the stage doing a full flip. He landed on his feet and stepped off stage.
Colt dialed a number on his cell phone. When he got an answer, he spoke.
"Hi, Mr. Carbon? This is Colt. I'm ready to meet."




Chapter 15


------Email-------
To: O'Brien, Kelly[Kellyobrien@UW.edu]
From: O'Brien, Colt[ColtOB@hotmail.com]
Subject: Job hunting                        

Hi Bro

Hey, I know you have a lot going on and you're worried about getting a job. I have a lot of friends that got their degrees and thought that jobs would be given to them. It didn't turn out that way for many of them. I think because you worked at something, you have an advantage. If you go in with the idea that nothing will be given to you, it will help. Also, even when you have a job, you still need to perform or you'll soon be back on the street. I know you can do it. You know what real work is.

Kelly 


------Email-------

Colt closed his cell phone. He was at Wings Aloft, a flying school and also a testing center for Microsoft Certifications. He had just told Matthew Carbon that he had passed the Microsoft Server exam. It had not been difficult and his score was high.  This was Colt's fourth exam. He needed two more to become a Microsoft Certified Systems Engineer. Colt was pleased but not overly so. To him finishing the certification was just another item on his to-do list. He stopped to contemplate what working for the certifications had done for him. In the beginning it was more to show others that he could do it. But now that he was older and about to apply for jobs, he realized the many positive things that had come out of the intense study and commitment. I guess this certification stuff really did help me out. I can learn stuff faster and I know things that I would never have learned on my own. Now that I'm past the first part, I can really move fast, too.
Mr. Carbon had mentioned one last thing to discuss with Colt before letting him go. 
"Colt, you said you were ready for a lessons learned meeting to discuss the mock interview session you had."
"Uh, er, will Mr. Coleman be there?" asked Colt.
"Listen, I know that you feel like you were ambushed and treated poorly. Let us explain when we get together. I think when you hear what we have to say, you'll understand better," said Mr. Carbon.
"Uh, okay. Where and when?"
"How about my house this Sunday afternoon at two o'clock?
"I'll be there," said Colt.
That Coleman guy better not play a bunch of mind games or I'll let him have it. I still can’t believe that he treated me like that.

~~~

Colt walked into the Carbon home and sat in his usual place on the couch in the living room. Like many times before, the clouds on the ceiling and general aura of the room caused him to be overcome with a sense of inner peace and calm. His tendency toward restlessness and snap judgments evaporated like a puddle of water on a scorching desert day. Both Mr. and Mrs. Carbon were there sitting in their usual spots. Colt realized something. I've never been with both of them at the same time. What does this mean?
Mrs. Carbon spoke first. 
"I won't stay but I wanted to wish you luck with your job search. Also, I want to encourage you to keep studying with Burton. He tells me that he's enjoying your interaction," she said.
"Thanks. I seem to have a lot going on now," answered Colt.
"One last thing before I leave. Without failure and the willingness to bounce back from it, you will have a difficult time succeeding in the business world. Try to learn whatever you can when things don't go as you like."
"Okay. I'll try, but it's not that easy," he said.
The petite woman with blazing red hair walked to Colt and hugged him while kissing his forehead. Then she was gone. 
Matthew Carbon handed a piece of paper to Colt. It was in a bulleted outline format. The title was Lessons Learned. Colt scanned the text and was surprised to see that under the Positive section were many sentences. 
"Okay Colt. I know you were a little mad when you left the mock interview session. Believe it or not that was our goal. And, I mean me as well as Alex. We tried to make it as hard as possible. The idea was to make you feel like a failure during that session." 
Colt remembered how he felt and in spite of his mellow surroundings anger started to rise up. With great effort he was able to control his feelings enough to form a coherent sentence.
"Well, I felt like I didn't do anything right. And I really studied, too. I just don't see how beating somebody down can be good," answered Colt.
"I know it's hard to see how anything good came out of it, but a lot did. We needed to see where your weak spots were. Also, we wanted to demonstrate to you as many of the challenges, that you might encounter, as we could."
Colt again remembered the event and cringed.
"I'm amazed that you saw anything good. Mr. Coleman treated me like a middle school kid. And that group interview. What a waste."
"I asked you to set aside some time when you came over, so we could move on to the learning part of this. Most people do not prepare well for interviews. After all, it's not their main job. We want to have you so prepared that you’ll stand out even if you aren't very qualified for the job."
"Uh okay. I'm in," answered Colt.
Alex Coleman walked into the room. He walked over to Colt and extended his hand. It took Colt a few moments to adjust but the man seemed so friendly and sincere that he finally stuck his hand out. 
Colt, we want to give you an edge in this job hunt. That’s the only reason we did the interview that way. Hopefully, when you do a real interview, you’ll be ready for anything,” said Alex.
The remainder of the meeting was the two experienced men tutoring Colt based on the positives and negatives of the mock interview. They covered every item on the sheet of paper and much, much more. Colt was intrigued when Mr. Coleman talked about possible attitudes of interviewers. He had an insightful understanding of human nature and had obviously been in many interviews. 
"Some guys are hoping you won't get the job. Maybe they’re jealous or they just don't like you," said Alex.
Colt, for some reason, assumed that any interviewer would want the same thing, to hire a qualified applicant. I guess I could get someone who wants to cut my throat as much as hire me. It's like guys on the other soccer team. A lot of them would like to kick my ass.
"What about the group interview. I didn't get that," asked Colt.
Mr. Coleman thought about it for a minute and answered.
"Here are some things to consider when you have a group interviewing you. Some or all of the individuals may not know how to interview someone. They may be using you to compete with each other. Just remember. You come in with an approach and you stick to it. Never lose your cool."
Mr. Carbon chimed in.
“Group interviews have become very popular in IT. In my experience many times they are dis-organized like in the mock interview,” he said.
They continued talking until all of Colt's questions were answered and he had a new understanding of what an interview was. He began to see why he had to think and act a certain way when he was in an interview. 
"I think if we have two more sessions, you'll be ready," said Alex Coleman. 
"Oh, really? I thought this was it?" answered Colt.
"We know that you see now what you need to do, but like anything you need practice. You need repetition. So few people do the practice part that you’ll be much better at sitting for an interview than many," said Mr. Carbon.
"Yeah, I guess you're right," said Colt.
As Colt walked to his car he thought about what had just happened.
Dude, these guys really are on your side. I still have a lot to learn though. Wouldn't it be nice if I just went in and got a job without all this training. Yeah, fat chance. I can see that there's no way that will happen.




Chapter 16


------Email-------
To: Bower, Suzy[susybower@WWU.edu]
From: O'Brien, Amy[AmyOB@aol.com]
Subject: Let's get together                        

Suzy

Now that I've been alone with the baby for awhile I'm ready for a break. Too much  time with no adults around. Let's get together. Your short visit the other day wasn't enough. I'll ask Colt's  Mom to watch Robbie.

Amy


------Email-------

Amy loved little Robbie and loved being a mother. But even she needed a break once in a while. Since they had moved into the apartment and eased into a routine, her mother and Colt's mother had not watched the baby.  Colt was pushing hard to position himself to have a better chance at landing a job and Amy did not want to burden him with anything else. But, now it was time for her to have some adult interaction. Suzy agreed to meet her for a long lunch and then some quality shopping time. On the day of the girls outing Leona, who was aching to see her only grandson, arrived early. Amy kissed little Robbie who was nestled in Leona's arms and was out the door in a flash
Suzy was waiting when Amy walked into Stanford's restaurant in the Southcenter shopping area in Tukwila. She hugged her friend and looked her in the eye. 
"We're gonna have a great time," said Suzy.
Amy’s face had filled out since her pregnancy. With her brown hair pulled backed her face was distinctly oval. Her light blue eyes sparkled with excitement.
"Oh my gosh, I really needed this. You saved me," answered Amy.
"I've heard from a lot of my friends that the hardest part of being a stay-at-home mom is the boredom. I think you need to connect with other mothers." 
"Well, I guess I've been so busy just doing daily things that I haven't thought about that very much. But I’m sure there are mothers we both know in Burien that I can network with."
"When you have one baby, you don't need to think about pre-school and all of that yet. But I think it's a good idea to get out there anyway. It's not just for the kid. It's for you too." 
"It’s now on my list. Let’s talk about non-baby stuff now."
Suzy thought for a moment. Luckily Amy could talk about anything with her.”
“Okay, let’s get any bad stuff out of the way before we have too much fun. After all I’m the one that you can depend on to share anything.” 
“Why do you say that?” asked Amy.
“I just want to make sure that we don’t miss anything.”
“Well, there is one thing. It’s sorta private.”
“Oh you mean things are difficult in the bedroom?”
“How did you know that? Can you read my mind?” said Amy.
“Don’t get mad at Colt but Bobby told me.  I just said that it takes time for some mothers to get back into it.”
“It’s really weird. I just have no desire. I don’t even like thinking about sex.”
“And how is Colt doing with this situation?”
Amy cringed when answering.
“He’s trying but I know it’s making him crazy. I don’t want it to be this way but I can’t help it. It’s good I have a doctor’s appointment this week. Maybe he can help.”
“Just hang in there. I think it will be okay. Now let’s enjoy ourselves,” said Suzy as she hugged her friend.
The young women talked about everything that Amy and Colt were going through in this new life they were starting. Suzy was a great listener and Amy found herself talking more than she had in months. Time flew by. Finally Amy felt it was time to give Suzy a chance to share her life too.
"Okay, I guess I've talked enough about our thing. I know it was like a flood. What about you? How is school? And, what about the love life?" asked Amy. 
Suzy was a bit disconcerted at the change of direction. She was intensely interested in Amy's busy life. It was one that she wished for more than she would admit. And although she was enjoying school and settling in to a relationship with Bobby Jones, it somehow didn't seem that exciting.
"Uh, everything is going fine. But this is my second year of college and I feel like I have five years to go. I guess I see you and wonder how it will be when I have a family," said Suzy.
"I like it and all but enjoy your life of freedom. You'll never get it back once you make the big step." 
"I'll try to remember that. Things are going good with Bobby. I thought I would need to be there when he wanted to go back to drinking but it has only happened a few times. And when it did he talked to his sponsor and went to more meetings. I think he's just about over that," said Suzy.
"He was never into that stuff when we were growing up. That's why we were all so surprised when it happened. So how are your grades?"
"I'm doing fine with the study. I think I need to join a club or something. I really don't know anybody since I transferred. You know me. Miss society queen."
"That will happen. School just started."
After lunch the two shopped at numerous stores on Southcenter Parkway an extended area surrounding the main Southcenter mall. Then they took their time wandering around the mall. After hours of shopping, both of them were ready to sit down. They found a Starbucks and both ordered sweet, potent coffee drinks. Amy leaned over and hugged her best friend. 
"This has been great. I feel like I had a week vacation," said Amy.
"You deserve it. I see how you are with Robbie. You're a great mother. And, I can tell that Colt really appreciates you."
"Now if he can just find a good job, everything will fall into place."

~~~

Leona opened the door when Amy returned. She held little Robbie in her arms. She seemed so contented holding the child that Amy thought she might not want to let the baby go. 
"Thanks so much for helping out. I had a great time," said Amy.
"I love this child. Just call when you need me. I think it's important that you figure out how to be a mother. But having help is good too," answered Colt's mother. 
"Thanks. I'll definitely remember that."
Leona reluctantly handed over the baby, hugged Amy and left. Amy sat on the couch and pulled Robbie close as she thought about how lucky she was.




Chapter 17


------Email-------
From: O'Brien, Leona[LeonaB@aol.com]
To: Strong, Karen[KarenStrong2@aol.com]
Subject: The Kids                        

Hello Karen

I'm so happy for the kids. And I love being a grandmother and holding my grandson. So far everything seems to be going well. I wonder how long until the first big crisis. I guess we’ll wait and see.

Leona

------Email-------

Colt had just finished his last training session with Alex Coleman and Matthew Carbon. If he had any doubts about the importance of his interview training or the sincerity of his tutors, that was behind him. Crap, I was so ignorant that I didn't even have a clue about what I needed to know. It's like these guys blew away the fog in front of my eyes. Although Colt had questioned the importance of having more training for job interviews, he agreed to continue because of his past experience with Mr. Carbon. Now that it was time to move on to real interviews, he felt like he was prepared for any eventuality. One thing that stuck in his mind was something that Alex Coleman had said.
"Remember, you're playing the numbers game just like they are. Sometimes you go in and you have no possible chance of getting a job. And many times it has nothing to do with you or how you are in the session. Look at it like a game. As long as you are more prepared than most candidates, you will succeed eventually."
"Also, you should always look at any interactions like interviews as learning opportunities. You can widen your knowledge, get better at the way you present yourself and lots of other things," said Matthew Carbon.
Again, Colt recalled his time playing soccer and the preparation. It's just like sports. Repetition, practice and lessons learned, he thought.
Another thing that Colt learned in the session was that going through the entire process was a necessary learning experience for him. He knew that it might be possible with his connections to land a job with little effort. But, in the future, that might not always be the case. Dude, there are no shortcuts unless you don't mind being ambushed later on.
Colt was driving home when his cell rang. He pulled to the side of the road and answered.
"Hey, Amy. What's up?" asked Colt.
But, he could only hear sobbing on the other end of the line. Immediately he closed his eyes and tried to sense what was wrong. A moving picture crossed his inner vision. Amy was holding little Robbie and crying. The innocent child was red and it was obvious that he was overheated. A fear that Colt had never known rose up in him. It was a fear that was packaged in a wrapper of helplessness. What can I do? What can I do? His vision was interrupted by his mother who had taken the phone from Amy.
"Colt, the baby has a really high temperature. The doctor told us to go directly to Highline Hospital. We're on our way there now," said Leona with quite a bit more emotional control than Amy. 
Still Colt could tell that this was something serious. He could read beneath the façade that his mother was displaying.
"Uh, er, do you know what's wrong? And, is Amy okay?"
"This is a first for her. I was closer so I came to help. Her mother and father are coming too. She just needs to see her baby get better."
"Okay mom. I'll meet you at the hospital."
When Colt arrived he located Amy and his mother in the emergency area of the hospital. Their doctor Neil Duncan was looking at little Robbie in a small room. Amy was so distraught that she couldn't be in the room. Colt hugged her and went in. As usual the doctor seemed focused and sensitive in a calm, quiet way. He did not look up when Colt walked in but put his hand in the air as if to say 'let me do my work'. It seemed to Colt that waves of heat were rolling off of his son. When the physician put his otoscope in the baby's left ear, the child began to scream and roll around.  Colt felt like he might faint at hearing his son's cries. In a calm voice the doctor spoke to Colt without looking up.
"Help me hold the baby down. I need to look in his ears. I know it sounds like we're killing him but we have to do it."
Colt was nervous and afraid of hurting his son but did as he was told. After a few minutes of thrashing and crying the baby seemed to give up and lose energy. The doctor looked inside both ears for what seemed to Colt like hours.  Then, he looked at Colt and smiled as he picked up Robbie and held him in his arms.
"Please ask your wife to come in," said the pleasant physician.
Colt went into the hall where Amy was sitting with his mother, and waved at them to come into the room. The doctor, who was still holding the child, spoke in s soft confident voice.
"I’d like to keep him overnight just in case. He’s running the high temperature because of the ear infection. 
Amy still seemed to be in shock. She stared at Robbie and said nothing. Leona who knew the doctor from raising her own children looked at him with respect and then couldn’t resist giving him a hug. The shy man was taken by surprise but eased out of Leona’s bear hug as smoothly as he could.
"What are you going to do?" asked Leona.
"We'll work on getting the temperature down and see how it goes. I'll feel better if he can be monitored here," said Doctor Duncan.

~~~

Colt woke up. He was disoriented and took a little time to adjust to his surroundings. He was just outside of the nursery in the hall. He had been sleeping upright in a chair. Amy was with her mother at a window looking into the nursery. Colt stretched and walked over to them. He hugged Amy who seemed calm but still wide awake.
"How is he doing?" asked Colt.
"The doctor said we can take him home after they look him over one last time. If we hadn't come here he really might have been in trouble. They checked his ear again and found a piece of something that was causing the infection." said Amy.
"Wow. What was it?" asked Colt.
"I guess they couldn't tell. I don't care. I'm so happy he's going to be okay." 
"Me too. Oh, here comes the doctor."
The doctor walked up in his street clothes. It looked like he had just arrived for work. He looked at them and spoke.
"Everything is okay. Robbie is pretty much looking normal. You can take him home. Just give him some baby aspirin for a few days and call us if something changes. We were lucky we found that foreign matter."
"What was in there?" asked Colt.
"We're not sure but we suspect that it was something in the air. Maybe a bug or some pollutant. Once we got it out things improved immediately."
"Thanks doctor," said Amy as she grabbed Colt's arm.
"Let's go get Robbie and get out of here. Hospitals give me the creeps," she said.
As the young family drove home Colt realized what it was to be a parent with no power to protect your child. No way I knew what this would be like. And I thought I'd been through a lot. None of it compares to having a really sick kid.



Chapter 18


------Email-------
From: Johns, Burton[BJohns@AOL.com]
To: O'Brien, Colt[ColtOB@hotmail.com]
Subject:  Let's get together                    
------------------------------------------------------

Hello Colt
I have thought a lot about our last meeting. Let's get together and discuss how your experiences relate to some of the things that I have studied. Also, I have a few books for you to look over. Please give me a call to set something up.
 Burton

------Email-------

It was late afternoon. Even though it was warm, there was a light drizzle hitting the windshield of the old VW Beetle. Colt was driving to Burton John's house in Normandy Park. He thought about his second meeting with the studious man. I wonder if this guy will still be interested when I tell him that I'm not having as many of those experiences. Since I got married it’s like I have a wall up that’s shutting out a lot of the psychic stuff? Even if he isn't, maybe I can learn a few things from him. Just as Colt had expected, Burton's house was near the home he grew up in. It was a few blocks from the Puget Sound and was tiny in comparison to most houses in the upscale area.
When Colt walked into the two-bedroom, one-story rambler, he noticed the stark, almost austere feel of the place. There were few pictures on the walls and the furniture seemed too small for the area in which it sat. It could have been a house for sale with the least amount of staging possible. Well, this sure isn't like Mrs. Carbon's living room. It's like the total opposite. I see how creative she is.  No way this guy is married. 
The first surprise for Colt was that Aurora was sitting on the small sofa looking at a book. Why is she here? I don’t really need this right now. The young woman looked up. Colt again noticed her light reddish-blond hair, attractive figure and most of all her purple eyes. Colt sat down in a comfortable chair in front of a spacious table and immediately noticed that his thoughts seemed to be moving faster. It was like an inner switch was turned on. It reminded him of how he felt when drinking an espresso.
“Hi Colt. I asked Burton if I could listen in. I hope you don’t mind,” said Aurora.
Her voice had the effect of stimulating desire in Colt but he was able to quell it by thinking about spiritual topics. Dude, just think about studying and it’ll be okay.
“Uh, whatever. I have a question. Are those real?” asked Colt.
Aurora’s face reddened slightly. 
“Er, what are you talking about?”
“Those eyes. I’ve never seen that color before.”
“Uh, no. I use contacts. I just like the color.”
Burton came into the room.
"It's wonderful that you could make the time to come. As you know Aurora is in my metaphysical study group. She has a keen interest in what we will be discussing. So, she’ll be joining us.”
“Yeah, no problem. I’m sorta new at this anyway.”
May I get you some coffee, Colt?" asked Burton.
Colt wondered what coffee would do to his already racing brain but opted to accept the offer. If I get too wired, I just won’t drink any more.
"Uh, sure. Thanks."
After a few minutes Burton came back with steaming coffee. Colt was pleased that the aromas gave the living room some ambiance. Burton also had a stack of books that he laid on the table. Three slim books sat on top of a large blue hardcover book that was about two inches thick. When Colt saw the books, it was like a puzzle piece had revealed itself and was placed in its proper place. Colt then notice low bookcases around the room. Now I know what this place is like. It feels like a library. At least I can talk out loud.
Colt took a sip of coffee out of the large white mug and waited to see its effect. After a few minutes of no radical change to his brain function, he spoke.
"I see you have homework sitting there for me. I can't promise much. I'm in the middle of the final push to get a job. I have a few interviews lined up and I'm prepping." said Colt.
"I thought about our last conversation and also talked to Elyse. I think these books might interest you. One is about chakras. Another is about people having experiences like yours. You know, people that were clinically dead and came back. That big one is what I call my bible. If you find it interesting I can show you parts that you might be able to relate to," answered Burton.
"I had an experience with that chakra stuff. Somebody told me it was kundalini or something. No way I want to go through that again."
Again Burton was surprised at hearing such a casual reference to something that he saw as hidden behind layers of mystery. It was like Colt was an innocent baby where metaphysical things were concerned. He experienced many things but had little idea of their meaning or value.
"Please tell us about your experience with that," asked Burton.
Aurora had decided to make a concerted effort to listen. She wanted to get a good sense of what Colt was really like. In their first meeting she had been so overcome with attraction to Colt that she felt like she had a schoolgirl crush. It made her a bit delirious. She wanted to stay under control. In spite of her best intentions, she still saw Colt as the man of her dreams. With each passing minute her desire grew.
Colt answered Burton’s question.
"Well, I had a dream where I was in some cave and I felt these energy things on my spine. I started to mess around with them and just when I was getting somewhere, I had an accident. It was like my spine was blasted with electricity. I almost didn't get back into my body. Mrs. Carbon saved me." 
Burton asked more questions about Colt's experiences as Aurora bit her lip. Then he remembered that he was supposed to help his student to become more balanced. It took all of his willpower to change the topic to more traditional forms of study of religious topics.
"Did you go to church growing up? Do you wonder about God and religious faith?" asked Burton.
"We went to church when I was young but we stopped. I don't know why. I haven't thought about it much. I try to be a good person." 
"Most religions have a small group of what are referred to as mystics. Many of them describe what you have experienced. It's very rare, however. Most people listen in church and try to follow what they are told. Very few actually feel connected to a higher power like you do."
Colt remembered how bored he was in church and how happy he was when it ended. He never related his dreams and other experiences to religion or church attendance. To him it was not connected in any way. He definitely hadn't studied the Bible or any other religious material. Dude, let’s not start doing the church thing. I sure hope he doesn’t go there.
"I never really got into the religious stuff. But I definitely felt a higher power when I got hit on the head. I was in a coma and had that experience with a higher thing. Do you think I should study about religions?" said Colt.
Burton decided to direct the conversation toward the books he had for Colt before he got back Colt's stories. He proceeded to tell Colt more about what was in each book.
Aurora could not help herself and interrupted as she looked at Colt in awe.
“Did all of that stuff happen to you, Colt? It’s totally amazing.” 
“Yeah, I don’t kid around about this stuff. I know I’m different. I usually don’t talk about it at all,” answered Colt.
“Oh, Colt. I’m so glad you are sharing this with us,” said Aurora.
Burton now noticed how entranced Aurora was. He took a mental note and continued.
"I suggest you look at all of these books. It may be boring after your real-life experiences but I think it could be helpful. I think Elyse feels that it’s important for you to do this to help you balance your experiences with logic. I think we should set up a regular meeting to discuss what you've read. We could get together once a month if that works for you."
"Like I said, I'll probably be busy, but I'll try. If Mrs. Carbon thinks it will be good, then I'll try it. Like I said, I probably would still be floating off somewhere except for her."
"I’m also starting to think that this will be good for you. Let's get back to some of things that have happened to you. I find it very interesting," said Burton with a smile.
Burton and Aurora listened as if in a trance for another twenty minutes. 
"Uh this has been fun, but I have to take off. I'll be in touch," said Colt.
At this point Aurora was wondering what it would be like to live with the saintly man who sat across from her. She wanted to hug Colt and never let go. 
“Colt, you have a special gift. If I hope to do anything, it’s to show you how important and valuable your psychic experiences are. And, I want to thank you for sharing this with me,” said Burton.
As Colt was driving home, he was taken by how interested in him, Burton and Aurora had been. Although he wasn’t thinking about Aurora in a sexual way, he was still intrigued. A girl with fake eyes is into this psychic stuff. Hmmm. It was the first time that someone had been so intent on hearing about his experiences. I guess Burton and Aurora really want to know about this psychic stuff. I wonder if I'll keep on seeing things and feeling things or if all of that’s over with?



Chapter 19


------Email-------
From: Carbon, Matthew[MatthewC@hocs.biz]
T0: O'Brien, Colt[ColtOB@WWU.edu]
Subject: First interview                      
----------------------------------------------------------------------

Hey Colt

Alex and I are pleased with your progress. Let's have a short conference call before your first interview. Send us any pertinent information beforehand. 

Matthew

------Email-------

Matthew Carbon had set up a conference call and Alex Coleman was on the line. He dialed Colt's number on his cell phone. He and Alex had looked over the information about the job that Colt was interviewing for. It was a large insurance company based in Seattle named Northwest United.
"Hi Mr. Carbon. I'm ready," said Colt.
"Alex has a few tips for you but not that much. My advice is to go in with the idea that this is a learning interview. Since it's your first, you should find out a lot about yourself," said Matthew Carbon.
Then Alex chimed in.
"I know the guy who will be giving you the interview.  He doesn't like to hire young, inexperienced applicants. He wants someone he can just plug in with almost no training. So, you need to emphasize your experience and willingness to learn on your own. I think the only reason he's interviewing you is that you showed initiative by earning those certifications. You can let him know how studying for the exams helped you in your job."
"Any other tips? I've been over the study materials and my notes a lot. So, I think I know it in my head but I need to do it," said Colt.
"Just rely on your training and don't expect everything to go perfectly. We can talk afterward. I may even be able to talk to your interviewer about how you did," answered Alex.
This was another revelation to Colt. He had no idea that Mr. Coleman could be that helpful to him. He never expected to get feedback on how he performed in interviews. He expected it would be mostly self-analysis.
"Okay, I think I'm ready. I'll let you guys know how it goes," said Colt.
Colt's interview was in a few hours in Renton, which was only fifteen minutes away. He decided to get out of the apartment and go over his notes. So he kissed Amy goodbye and left for the library.
Colt was walking into the library when his cell phone rang.  He had already started to move into the mental zone to get himself ready for the big event. Crap, I don't need this now. It’s like everything in my life is one big interruption. There was a small park next to the library. He headed toward it as he answered his phone.
"Is this Colt O'Brien?" asked a young female voice.
"Uh, yeah, this is Colt."
"Hi Colt, I'm Ashley Boone. I'm with IT Technology Contracting. Do you have a few minutes to talk about your job application?"
Colt froze for a second as he found himself at a loss. He couldn't remember what position this was for or the company name. After zeroing in on his interview with the insurance company, he had a difficult time changing directions. 
"Uh, sure. I have another interview in about an hour. How long will this take?" asked Colt.
Colt pulled out a small pad and wrote down Ashley and contract. 
"This is what we call a pre-interview chat. The actual interview will happen on the Microsoft campus. So it won't take too long. I just need to verify a few things," said Ashley.
He was relieved that he now knew which job she was calling about and wrote that down also. This is something that he would not have done a few months ago. But his training was now becoming second nature. 
Although the job was with Microsoft, he would be working for a contract company which was very common for computing support with that company. He sat down on a bench and pulled his thoughts together as if he was lacing up a giant tennis shoe. Well, I guess you have to be ready whenever for whatever. Lessson learned.
"Okay. I'm ready, he said.
The pleasant young woman proceeded to go over what was on Colt's resume. She asked why he left school and also about his experience and certifications. Colt found it easy to answer the questions. Dude, this isn’t so bad.
"That’s all I need Colt. We're looking for individuals with your experience and the job market in IT is very good right now. I'll call you to set up an interview time."
"Thank you Ashley. I look forward to it." 

~~~

After a short time at the Burien Library, Colt headed toward Renton on Interstate 405.  He knew the building that he was driving to was next to the freeway and would be easy to locate but still he wanted to arrive early. He knew that it was a rule to never, ever be late for an interview. He was shown to a spacious conference room where he sat at a large table for about 20 minutes. A young, tall man in a casual suit without a tie walked in and extended his hand as Colt stood. Colt noticed that his eyes were an intelligent gray which seemed odd considering his athletic build.
"Hi Colt. I'm Scott Simpson. Please sit."
Colt liked that his interviewer seemed very direct and open but reminded himself to take a 'wait and see' attitude. However the tension in his entire body lessened only slightly.
"I'm happy to meet you Mr. Simpson," Colt replied.
"Uh, please call me Scott. We usually have a few more people but we're a bit overloaded right now. So, I'm it. Oh, I guess I should tell what I do. I'm the lead of the system administrators for Windows servers."
Colt remembered his training and knew that this was probably a person who understood what an IT Technologist did and would see through any deceptive answers. A least this guy will know what I'm talking about, thought Colt. 
After looking over the resume, and asking for clarification on a few items, Scott looked directly into Col’s eyes and spoke.
"It turns out that we filled the file server position that you applied for. We still have a SQL server position open but I don't see that you have worked in that area?"
Colt felt a pang of disappointment and then resentment began to build. Crap I crashed and burned on my first time out. Screw this. Then he remembered his mentors and their training. I guess I better give this a shot anyway. That’s what they said to do.
"Uh, yeah. That’s database servers. I don't have experience doing that. Of course, I have some background through my study for the certifications," answered Colt. Let’s see if he bites at that.
"I know about the certification program you were in with Matthew Carbon. I think that's a great thing. That's one of the reasons why I still wanted to meet you. We’re always looking for good talent." 
"Well, if I've learned anything in this business, it's that I have to be able to learn new technologies and learn them fast. I would definitely be able to learn anything you need."
"I'll tell you what Colt, I will surely keep you in mind. But, in this case there are other skills required. We need someone who knows how to write queries and other database skills. So it's more than just doing server work."
Colt was going to jump in and tell Scott that he could do anything, but decided to let his first statement stand. He sensed that it would be counterproductive to push. Still the urge to become an aggressive salesman was strong. 
Scott Simpson didn’t end the interview which surprised Colt. It seemed that there was still time to ask more questions. This is one of those learning opportunities they talked about. I better keep this guy talking.
"Could you tell me a little more about what goes on here?" asked Colt.
Scott smiled and there was a glint in his eyes. He was not able to hide the pride he felt.
"We support over 50 Windows servers of all types. We have a 24 hour shop to support our overseas customers. Like most IT shops we have a pager rotation to support third shift calls. So at times our guys might be carrying two pagers." 
"What about training on new technologies?" asked Colt.
"We provide formal training on Windows server and a few other things but that's about all the budget will allow for. As you know, a lot of this work is on-the-job and self-training."
Colt thought about the size of the implementation and knew that it would have to be extremely organized with a good ticketing system for trouble calls. This guy must really be good to keep track of all of this stuff. And he has a lot of people working for him.
"I've never been in an enterprise level situation. I'm looking forward to working in a place like this," said Colt.
"You never know, we may call you someday. Well, I guess I better get back to work. It was nice meeting you. Oh, and say hi to Matthew for me."
The two shook hands and Colt left. 

~~~

Over the next week, Colt interviewed with Microsoft and a large aerospace company. He learned something in both sessions. At Microsoft he participated in his only group interview. His prior experience in the mock interview paid off in that one as he was asked trick, puzzle questions. Also, the group flow was very disjointed. In the other interview, Colt felt like the woman was just going through the motions. 
After each interview he had a conference call with his mentors. They were short but extremely valuable. Mr. Carbon had even gotten some feedback from Scott Simpson. And, it turned out to be positive. Now Colt waited to hear back and looked for other jobs to apply for.
One day Colt was watching the baby. Amy was grocery shopping. It was nap time so the baby was sleeping. Colt was searching for jobs on the internet using his laptop when his cell phone rang. He didn't recognize the number but answered anyway.
"This is Colt O'Brien."
"Hey Colt, this is Fletcher Rowe. How are things?"
Colt strolled into the kitchen to stay out of earshot of the baby. Colt had not heard from Fletcher Rowe since he left Western Washington University. He smiled as he recalled the help Fletcher had given him with extreme computer problems. Fletcher was a technical wizard.
"Hi Fletcher. It's great to hear from you. I'm busy as usual. Only now it's work and family," said Colt.
"I heard you were looking for a job. Believe it or not, your resume ended up on my boss's desk. Did you find anything yet?"
"I just started. And, no I haven't. But I got some good training for interviewing. So I think I’ll get a job soon."
"We need a system administrator. Would you like to come in and talk to my boss?"
Wow, can this really be happening?
"Just tell me when and where," said Colt 
"They like me here. So, if you don't mind using me as an in, the interview is just for show. Unless you really piss somebody off, you’ll get the job. I already told them that the resume isn't padded with overblown crap like a lot of them. And, I mentioned the virus thing we worked on together."
Colt thought about the importance of learning by going to interviews but now he had a chance to get a real job with a real company.  He thought about paying the rent, having medical insurance and all the other things he had to deal with. But most of all he wondered what it would be like to work with a genius like Fletcher Rowe again.
"Dude, just sign me up. This is awesome."



Chapter 20


------Email-------
From: Darwin, Aurora[AuroraDarwin@earthlink.com]
To: Brock, Briana[BBrock@earthlink.com]
Subject: Good karma gonna get me                           

Hi BriannaBanna

Oooh. So much has happened. We need to get together to talk about it all. I started going to a metaphysical group in Burien which is great. I even moved to Burien. Who would’ve thought that Burien would be a psychic center? But most of all the universe has guided me to a truly exceptional man. I feel like all of my prayers have been answered. There are some obstacles to us getting together but I am sure that they will disappear eventually. I just know that he is the one.

Aurora

------Email-------

Colt was relieved that he now had a job. He knew that Fletcher wouldn’t tell him that the job was his unless it was true. He decided to finish buying clothes and other items now that he was employed. He was at Southcenter Mall in the men’s department of Sears looking at shirts and pants. It was about 11am and was drizzling outside. Amy had accompanied him the last time he bought clothes but she was at home with the baby. However, when he was making selections he remembered some of her previous suggestions one of which was to tone it down for the workplace. He knew from the interview process that being outlandish was usually not a good approach.
He was almost ready to pay when he felt a soft tap on his shoulder. He turned and almost bumped into Aurora who was standing close to him. When he faced her a jolt of sexual energy shot into him creating an awkward situation. As his body reacted, which seemed to be happening often lately, he again made the supreme effort to control his libido.
“Oh, uh sorry. I didn’t mean to crash into you,” said Colt. 
Aurora smiled and stepped back a bit.
“No, I’m sorry. It was my fault. I was too close.” 
Colt was able to regain his composure. Although he sensed an aura between them that was ripe with sexual energy, it seemed to be under control. As before he noticed her purple eyes which seemed so other-worldly to him.
“Well, it’s nice to see you again,” said Colt.
“You know I think that we were meant to meet. I have so many questions to ask you. I mean the stuff that’s happened to you, it’s amazing. Burton is okay but he’s sorta like a college professor. I’d really like just the two of us to talk.”
Colt looked at the pretty young woman who seemed sincere. Her earnestness caused him to feel a strong urge to give her anything that she wanted. He briefly thought about Amy but figured that she wouldn’t care if he had a female friend who had an interest in psychic things. Amy loved Colt but didn’t seem to relate to his unorthodox experiences. There was a slight hesitation but Colt thought what can it hurt.
“Uh I guess we can talk. How about lunch. Are you hungry?”
“Oh yes, that would be great. Do you know any good places around here?”
“Let’s go to Stanfords. I’ll pay and you can follow me over there. It’s usually not that crowded.”
Lunch went smoothly. Colt answered all of Aurora’s questions and she also related her own experience which consisted of one incident. That experience was for her a life-changing event. As they talked Colt felt a strong connection to Aurora. Also, he was taken by her obvious respect and awe for him. In spite of his belief that he should be humble about his special abilities, it was easy for him to begin feeling a bit self-absorbed. 
When Aurora casually asked if he could come over to her apartment, Colt sensed nothing out of the ordinary and welcomed the continuation of this pleasant connection to a fellow psychic explorer. 
“So I just want to show you something that I’ve been working on. It will only take a little while,” she said.
When they arrived at the apartment it was near three in the afternoon and still rainy.  Colt was surprised at how sparsely furnished it was. He sat on a small sofa in a tiny living room that had bare white walls. Aurora, who now seemed excited to Colt,  went into the bedroom. When she returned, she held a pile of papers in her hand. She sat on the sofa next to Colt and handed the pile to him.
“This is what I’ve been working on.”
Colt saw that it was a manuscript for a book. The title was “My Day Of Transformation”.
Colt browsed through the loose pages reading bits of text here and there. Aurora who was now sitting very close would interrupt him with brief comments about what he was looking at. Her delicate perfume had an intoxicating affect along with her closeness. Without Colt consciously realizing it, he slowly became sexually aroused. This young woman who seemed to worship him exuded a force that overwhelmed his senses. Without even knowing what happened Colt turned and kissed her. She opened her mouth to allow his tongue in and moved on the sofa to accommodate his advance. Now Colt was only thinking about one thing. He wanted to have this woman more than anything in the world. He wanted her naked on the bed with those purple eyes staring at him with loving devotion. Aurora whispered urgently in his ear. 
“Let’s move into the other room, I want you so bad.”
Colt, who was well past the point of no return, stood grabbing her hand. As they turned toward the bedroom, Colt’s phone rang. He tried to ignore it but was not able to as an image entered into his mind. When he saw the face of Elyse Carbon, it was like he had cold water poured on his head and someone was shaking him. He answered his cell phone.
“Uh, er, hello,” said Colt.
“Hi Colt. This is Elyse Carbon. I just wanted to make sure that you were okay. I was thinking about you but I didn’t feel like we were connected. So I called.”
“Yeah, I’ve been busy with stuff. It’s good you called. Now, I’m okay,” said Colt as he looked at Aurora who was unbuttoning her blouse. 
“That’s good. As long as you’re okay, I’ll let you go. Goodbye.”
“Goodbye Mrs. Carbon.  Thanks for calling. The timing was really good.”
Colt hung up while watching Aurora unhooking her pink bra. Before she was finished he stopped her. He still wanted her but talking to Elyce Carbon had awoken him from the sex trance that was driving him toward disaster.
“Stop Aurora. I can’t do this. I can’t believe that I was going to throw away my marriage for sex,” said Colt.
Aurora started crying with large tears running down her face. Her body convulsed as if the world was crashing around her. 
“Why, why, why,” she cried.
But Colt was already gone.




Chapter 21


------Email-------
From: O'Brien, Leona[LeonaB@aol.com]
To: Strong, Karen[KarenStrong2@aol.com]
Subject: The Kids                        

Hello Karen

I was hoping that both of our families can get together. I haven't been seeing little Robbie as much and know it's the same with you. Also this is a good time for Kelly to visit. A barbeque this Sunday might be fun. Let me know if you can make it.

Leona

------Email-------

Colt was sitting across from his mother. At least he thought it was his mother. However, she looked different. It was like he was looking at her through a dim window and she was not aware of him at all. She looked right at him but also right through him without recognition. What the hell is this. Why can’t she see me? He tried to get her attention by talking and waving his arms but nothing seemed to work. His frustration was mounting but after focusing, he was able to get himself under control. I better try something else. After centering himself, he tried to send his thoughts into her mind. It felt to him like a delicate, shimmering connection was formed between them. He sensed her love for him and suddenly she smiled.
Colt woke with a start. Damn it, just when I was getting somewhere. This is crap. The vivid dream caused him to think about his mother. She had always been his biggest supporter. Unlike with his father, her love was truly unconditional. Whenever Colt was down or having problems she always seemed to sense it and somehow make his situation better. He remembered their talks and the underlying current of deep love flowing from her into him. There was never a time when she abandoned him, even when he was in trouble. I guess I miss being around her. It's like my life went in another direction. And, it happened really, really fast. Colt dialed a number.
"Hello," said a singsong voice.
"Hi Mom. Are you doing anything?"
"Oh, hi sweetheart. I was just thinking about you. I'm just puttering around the house. Your father is out golfing."
"I thought I'd stop by," said Colt.
"That would be wonderful." 
"I'll see you soon."
Colt realized that this was the first day that was open in the last three weeks. In the past, even as he was working and studying at all hours, he had never gone this long without seeing his mother face to face. I guess this family thing and getting a job changes everything.  I'll just have to try harder to stay connected with Mom.
Leona met her only son at the door with a long hug. 
"I have a few things to do. I'll be done in about ten minutes," she said.
"Okay. I'll just hang out," answered Colt.
Colt went into his old bedroom. It was almost the same as when he was living at home but neater and cleaner. After a year in college and now living a married life it seemed so long ago that he slept in that bed. I've changed a lot. And I could be in a lot worse shape if she hadn't been there. Tears started to form in his eyes. 
Leona came up behind Colt and put her hands on his shoulders. 
"I made some coffee. Let's talk about everything that’s going on. It must be so exciting," she said.
They sat in the living room and caught up. To Colt it was like when he was younger and less experienced. His mother was once again an infinite well of understanding and affection. With each passing minute he felt emotionally stronger. He even sensed the chakra energy centers along his spine glowing with radiance.
"So, tell me about your psychic experiences," said Leona.
"I've been so into everything that's happening that I'm not having as much weird stuff happening as I used to. I don't have the psychic dreams very often and I don't seem to sense stuff like before. At least not as much," answered Colt.
"Being a father can do that. There's so much to do when starting out in life. I have a feeling that those experiences will return, though. But, I think you'll be more mature and able to handle it."
"I guess I sorta miss some of it. But, I had some close calls too."
They talked a little longer and Colt hugged her. As he walked to the door an eerie feeling came over him. With each step that he took, it seemed like the house was being pulled away from him and down. When he got to the bottom of the steps, he had to turn around to convince himself that the house had not been sucked into the ground and disappeared. Leona stood in the doorway smiling and the house was still there. But, Colt was overcome with a sense of loss. I wonder if this is what it means to grow up and leave being a kid behind?



Chapter 22


------Email-------
From: O'Brien, Colt[ColtOB@hotmail.com]
To: Jones, Bobby[Bobbyj@WWU.edu]
Subject: I GOT It!!!                      
----------------------------------------------------------------------

Yo Bobby

I finally got a job.I'm working in Seattle It turns out 
that it was Fletcher whocame through. After I get
 settled in you'll have to stop by the house. I'm
 really pumped. I did all that prep work and it didn't 
seem to matter. Oh well, I guess it can't hurt me 
to have gone through it.
Stay cool

Colt


------Email-------

It was late morning and the sun shone through the thick glass windows of the skyscraper office building. Fletcher Rowe walked in front of Colt pointing out areas of the workplace where he would be spending many hours of each day. This was the familiarization tour. Colt's first day would be in about a week. It seemed so much more organized than college had been. Cubicles were everywhere. Employees seemed to be absorbed in their work. I wonder if they're really working or surfing the web, he thought.
"All of IT support is located on the seventh floor. Let's take the stairs. It's only one flight up," said Fletcher.
"How many of the floors in this building are part of your company." asked Colt.
"Uh, ten is the highest. And the first floor is more of a lobby area. We can't even get to the floors above ten. So, I guess you could say we're on nine floors. And, everybody needs computer support. You'll probably be working on all of the floors."
They walked up the stairs. Colt immediately felt at home when they walked into the IT area. He sensed not only computing equipment with all of the data moving around, but also a delicate, subtle human aura of intelligence and computing savvy. It was like the whole floor was permeated with technologist brainpower. 
"Uh, wow," said Colt as they walked around. 
He sensed that this was another, higher level of computer intelligence. It was compounded by the sheer number of people in the area that were computer savvy. He could see the glow of combined brain power everywhere they went.
"Yeah, pretty impressive, huh," said Fletcher who was referring more to hardware.
They walked into a large server room that reminded Colt of his visit to Microsoft when in high school. It was not as big but was very similar. Rows of computer racks sat on top of raised flooring with white panels. The hum of air conditioners filled the large room that was noticeably chilly. There was nobody to be seen. Colt closed his eyes and was overwhelmed by a vision of streams of data filled signals beaming around him. 
I guess this is the real deal, he thought.
As they exited the server room, Fletcher led the way to the office of their boss, Malcolm Bates. Colt had never met him in person. His interview was on the phone and lasted about fifteen minutes. Man that was weird. After all of the studying I did it was over in a flash. I guess it’s like that for a lot of this stuff. You practice, practice, practice but the game is short. Fletcher introduced the two and then left.  The medium-built Malcolm stood and shook Colt's hand and smiled looking directly into Colt’s eyes. His blue-green eyes twinkled. Colt noticed that he wasn’t dressed in a suit but only khaki pants and a light purple long-sleeved shirt. Still Malcolm Bates had a self-assured, intelligent presence that gave Colt a sense that his new boss could handle any business situation. And, he was bubbling with enthusiasm. 
"It's great that you’re here. We have loads of work to do and never enough manpower," said Malcolm.
Colt was wondering if this was another of his waking dreams. After preparing to go to war, this warm reception was disconcerting. Can it really be this easy?
"I'm really happy to be here, Mr. Bates. This is a great opportunity for me."
"Oh, you can call me Malcolm. Fletcher had great things to say about you. And, I like what I see on your resume. We encourage our technologists to earn the Microsoft certifications. I see that you started early and have achieved a lot."
"So…will I report to Fletcher or you?" 
"No, you won't be working with Fletcher. Chris Davis will be your lead. You'll meet him today. We'll start you out setting up and installing PCs.  In a short time you'll move on to loading and installing servers and lots of other interesting stuff."
Hmmm. This guy must be higher up than I thought? Colt had a pang of regret when he heard that he wouldn't work with Fletcher. But hearing that he would start out working with something familiar, brightened his outlook. This is going to be fantastic. I’ll kick ass right away.
As he was coached, Colt opened a conversation about the job, the company and the expectations. He noticed that Mr. Bates was a bit surprised and he seemed to recognize in Colt something that he liked. Just like Mr. Carbon said, it blows their minds when you act the right way and ask the right questions.
After about thirty minutes the meeting ended. Colt walked out of the office feeling like everything in the world was right. Although Colt was elated about landing his dream job with an up and coming company, he wasn't ready for the intervening week before he actually started. He was told that the company needed to wait for his drug test results, get him into their various systems and build him a laptop computer. 
By the middle of the week, Colt was going nuts. He called Fletcher from the small living room of their apartment. 
"Hey dude. Am I ever going to start my job? Crap, it seems like a month since I was in there." 
"Yeah, I know. It seems like a lot of red tape. Not like when we did that virus thing at Western. Just try to clean up any stuff you have going on at home and charge your batteries," answered Fletcher.
"I'm going stir crazy here. It's like I got all pumped and now nothing. Even Amy is ready for me to go to work. She said I'm even more wired than usual."
"From what I hear, you better just chill out and rest. When you get in here it will be balls to the wall. They thrash new guys and a lot of them bail in a few weeks even though the job pays pretty good."
"What can be so hard? It's just PC work," asked Colt.
"There's stuff that you aren't used to. Politics is one. Think about this. You'll soon be getting over 100 emails a day along with constant interruptions on instant messenger. And, a lot of it is stupid management crap. But if you miss the wrong one you're in deep shit. I know you’re pumped up to conquer the world but just take it one step at a time."
"Dude, it sounds like survival mode?"
"It is, Colt, it is."
Colt hung up the phone. Crap am I ever going to start this job?
Amy walked into the room after putting the baby down for a nap. She had her finger to her lips indicating that it was quiet time.  She sat on Colt’s lap and kissed him on the lips. She whispered in his ear while squirming gently.
“You need to release some of that energy. You go take a short run and when you get back we can make love. I’m ready.”
Colt almost couldn’t believe it but knew from her continuous kisses that it was true. He remembered his recent experience with Aurora and saw himself standing on one leg about to topple into an abyss.  Dude, you almost really screwed up. No way I go into that territory again. Lesson learned.
After Colt changed to run, he hugged Amy and headed for the door.
Life is good. Life is really good.




Chapter 23


------Email-------
From: O'Brien, Colt[ColtOB@hotmail.com]
To: Jones, Bobby[Bobbyj@WWU.edu]
Subject: UGh                      
----------------------------------------------------------------------

Bobby

Sometimes, life just gets ugly.

Colt


------Email-------

After two weeks of installing Windows on personal computers in the tech lab, Colt was beginning to settle into his new job. He was impressed with the system they used to load the software and realized that there was another, higher level of organization than he had known before. He was surprised that he was asked to do only one thing. After years of being a jack of all trades, he felt like he was taking it easy. He was told that he would be asked to do a lot more after he was on the job for a while. 
It was a special day when a week into his job, he received his first paycheck. He went home with check in hand to share his joy with Amy. He hugged her as he walked in the door of their small apartment. 
"Hey let's get out of here and celebrate. I can call my mother up to watch Robbie," said Colt.
Amy smiled with a twinkle in her eyes. 
"I have a surprise for you," she said.
"Wow, a surprise. What is it?"
"We're getting outta here for the weekend. But don't ask where we're going. I've already packed our stuff. There's only one rule," teased his happy wife.
"Uh, what's that?" asked Colt.
"No computers."
"I guess it's good that I'm not on call yet. This is great. So, where are we going?" 
"I'll tell you when the time is right. And it's not right yet," said Amy.
"Uh okay. I'll just wait and be surprised then," answered Colt.
"My mom will be here in an hour to pick up Robbie. You need to get the rental car that my parents rented for us. No way they wanted us to take the VW bug. We can talk about getting a new car when we get back."
"Uh okay. I guess I just follow orders and forget about asking too many questions."
Amy french kissed him and grabbed his butt. She pulled away, took a deep breath and spoke.
"Just let me be in charge computer boy."
I think I am going to like this, really like this, thought Colt.

~~~

After getting the new rental car, a Ford Escape, finishing packing their stuff, and dropping off the baby, they hit the road. It took Colt about one mile of driving to realize how much he liked the brand new car. He soon found himself exceeding the speed limit without noticing anything. She’s right. It is time to buy a new car. The only problem is we can't afford one. I guess you gotta do what you gotta do.
Since their last trip together was to the ocean, Colt expected that they would be doing something different. I guess I need to be ready for anything and anyplace. But, I really liked that last trip. He remembered feeling energized and recharged on their ocean stay. Also, he and Amy seemed to fall deeper in love, without even realizing it. As they headed south on I-5 toward Tacoma, Colt spoke.
"Uh, so when do I get to know where this secret place is?"
Amy, who was quietly looking out the window turned and kissed him on the cheek. 
"I think you can wait a little longer. I'll just say this. I know we'll both love where we're going."
"This is the first time being away from Robbie. What about that?" asked Colt.
"It had to happen sometime. I'm just glad that we have great grandparents to support us. Your mother will be calling mine every day to see if she can help, too." 
When they turned toward the ocean in Olympia, Colt's hopes rose. Maybe we are going to the ocean. That would be awesome.
"Well? Are we going where I think we are?" he asked.
Amy smiled and her eyes glazed over slightly, reminding Colt of the sun shining off of calm water. She grabbed his hand.
"I couldn't resist. We're going to the same place we did last time." 
Colt squeezed her hand and laughed. 
"If I had to pick, that would be the only place I'd want to go."
A current of happiness flowed between them as anticipation permeated the inside of the quiet, smooth riding car. It took little time to leave the world of parenting and work behind as they flowed into an oasis of relaxation.
By the end of the next day both of them had settled in. It was sunny and most of their time was spent on the beach. Colt was happy to be getting away even if it was only for a few days. He knew that he had a lifetime of work ahead of him. Amy found it difficult to not fret over her little boy but was able to let the environment wash over her. It gave her a sense of peace that she hadn't had in many months. Both recharged as tension slipped away.
It was Sunday morning and the aroma of strong coffee filled the little beach house rental. Although it was only seven am, Amy woke Colt up. It was another beautiful, sunny day. It had rained in the night making everything clean and vibrant.
"Let's do as much as we can before we go home," said Amy.
"I can't believe we have to leave already. We just got here," whined Colt.
Amy walked over and kissed Colt on the lips and sat on his lap. 
"If we leave around lunch time, we still have time to do things," she said.
"Like what things?"
"I want to take a good run but I think my muscles might be really sore afterwards," teased Amy.
Colt thought for a moment and answered.
"Okay, let's take a run on the beach, take a hot shower and I'll give you a massage."
After french kissing Colt until he started to grab at her bathrobe, Amy looked into his eyes and smiled.
"How did you ever guess that I wanted a massage? And, keep your hands to yourself. We need to do our run first."

~~~

After stopping to eat lunch in Aberdeen the travelers put on an audio book and tried to forget what they were leaving behind. Both felt that they had been teased and could have stayed much longer but were grateful for the time they did have. Just as they were getting on to I-5 going north near Olympia, Colt's phone rang. Colt was surprised because they hadn't given their schedule to anybody unless they needed to know. Amy, in the passenger seat, grabbed his phone and answered.
"Colt it's your father," she said.
"Put it on speaker so I don't crash into something," said Colt.
"Colt this is your dad. I know I could have waited to call you but I didn't think that was a good idea."
Amy put her hand on Colt's arm and squeezed. Worry wrinkles formed on her face.
"What is it? Is Robbie okay?"
"Yes, the baby's fine. It's your mother. There's been an accident."
"How bad is it?" 
"It's bad son, it's really bad."



Chapter 24


------Email-------
From: Jones, Bobby[Bobbyj@WWU.edu]
To: O'Brien, Colt[ColtOB@hotmail.com]
Subject: Regrets                
----------------------------------------------------------------------

Hey Colt

So sorry for you and the rest of the family. We'll be down for the service.

Bobby


------Email-------

When the horrible news came on the drive up I-5, Colt was shaken to his depths. Even though Colt's father told him there was still hope, he knew that he would never see his mother, as she was, again. Luckily the freeway was not that busy. The shock to his psyche was so intense that for a few moments Colt lost his sense of self. He didn't know where he was or who he was. The only thing that allowed him to come back to reality, and regain control of the car, was his physical connection to Amy. Her hand on his arm acted as a ground long enough for Colt to briefly re-enter the real world, exit the freeway and let her get behind the steering wheel. Amy was at first relieved that they were able to change places but soon became concerned.
As soon as Amy was in control of the car, Colt lapsed back into a state of shock. He didn't say a word the rest of the way home. In spite of her fears for Colt, after many attempts to get through to him, Amy finally decided to let him work through the loss in his own way. She hoped this unusual state of mind was temporary. Colt felt overwhelmed and empty but most of all irate. It was as if the entire world had turned against him. He saw no reason for this to happen and he didn't want to be logical or pleasant about it. 
When they arrived at Highline Medical Center in Burien, Leona was in a coma. Her skull had been hit very hard in the accident. No one was allowed in the room, in the critical care unit, except immediate family. After sitting in the hall Amy decided her presence was needed elsewhere. She returned the car to the rental agency where her father picked her up. After being at her parent's house for a few hours, she took the baby back to the apartment. It was frustrating for her when trying to deal with Colt. This was a first for her. Colt seemed so far away that she wondered if he would ever return. 
In the beginning Colt could not use his psychic abilities to discover what was happening inside his mother's head. As he looked at her comatose body, he started to cry. It was just too much for him to bear seeing her in that state. He missed her motherly affection and support. Colt's father Robert and his sister Kelly were both in the room with him. Kelly tried to console her distraught brother.
"The doctors said that there's a slim chance that she'll pull through," she said.
Colt looked at Kelly. Her bright blue eyes emitted fear and pain as she tried to be brave. He stared back at her with a mix of sadness and knowing, causing her to think the worst.  Kelly knew that her brother was probably right in feeling that their mother was not going to make it. But, she was hopeful that Colt might have something positive to say. He only gave her a quick hug and plopped into a chair next to his father. Robert was in a similar condition as his son but did not have the same level of resentment against whatever happened to be nearby. His experience gave him a more realistic attitude toward the inevitability of death. 

~~~

After a night of waiting Leona O'Brien passed from this world on a drizzly northwest morning.  Colt's mood had changed little by that time but he had adjusted somewhat to the situation. He recovered enough of his psychic ability that he sensed that she was no longer in her body, even though her heart was beating ever so lightly.  Although he still had a distant relationship with his father, when she died, they both cried together.  Neither of them sensed that this event was helping them to bond. It was just a release that both of them needed.
Many family relatives and friends offered to help with the funeral arrangements. Surprisingly, Kelly took charge and coordinated the sad event. The funeral took place three days after the death. Over one hundred people attended. It was a short service with a reception at the O'Brien home.  People lounged around talking about how loved and respected Leona was. Colt and the rest of his family were overwhelmed with the heartfelt feelings of the attendees. 
Just as Colt and Amy were thanking a kind couple that lived nearby, Bobby and Suzy walked up. Suzy hugged Colt and moved over to talk to Amy and hold little Robbie. Bobby grabbed Colt's hand and put his arm around his shoulder. Colt smiled and looked toward the ceiling.
"Hey, I know this is a tough one. She was special," said Bobby.
Although Colt thought that he was done crying, a tear formed in his left eye. Visions of he and Bobby interacting with his mother came across his inner landscape.
"Yeah dude. I'm finding out how many people loved her. It's like everybody got together and agreed that she was a fantastic person but there was never really a meeting," said Colt.
"Man, I know how great she was to me. Even when I was really not a very nice person, she treated me well," said Bobby.
"I'm glad you guys came. Why don't you come by our place after this is over. Right now we need to mingle some more."
Suzy leaned over and kissed Colt on the cheek with the baby in her arms. 
"We'd love to come over and visit. We can all try to start moving past this thing together. Also, I'm not ready to say goodbye to this little bundle of joy," said Suzy.
Amy smiled and knew everything was going to be okay. She saw her husband take a step toward overcoming his deep, all-encompassing sadness. She started to cry. Colt looked at her and sensed what she was feeling. 
"I guess it's time to start moving forward again. One day at a time. Right Bobby?" asked Colt.
"Right you are my friend. Right you are."



Chapter 25


------Email-------
From: Johns, Burton[BJohns@AOL.com]
To: O'Brien, Colt[ColtOB@hotmail.com]
Subject: How about lunch?              
----------------------------------------------------------------------

Hello Colt
Just wondering how you are doing. I know that you experienced a great loss. I send my thoughts and prayers to you and your family. Let me know if and when you want to get together. We can discuss the books I gave you or anything you want.  
Burton


------Email-------

Colt had a short break before he was due to go back to work. After everything that had happened, he was happy to regroup and mentally change directions. Although the baby used up some of his energy, Amy was happy to let him have time to relax and do whatever he wanted. Usually that was not very much. 
Whenever he reflected on his mother's death two things kept popping up. He felt the love and respect that so many had shown toward her. And, all of the expressions were real and free of phoniness. It was something that he had never seen before. It made him feel like a part of a community.
The second thing that came to mind was a deep-felt sense of abandonment.  It was if he was standing on solid ground that turned into quicksand. One minute his emotional stability was solid and the next it was as if he had no vision of land in a sea of anguish. Even as he tried to remember his near death experience, when he thought he was communicating with an angel or messenger of God, he found it impossible to believe that a kind God could take his mother away from him.  
Maybe it's time I talked to Burton again. He's done all of the God study. I don't think he has a good answer for me but I'll see what he says. Colt decided to set up a lunch meeting with Burton but realized that he hadn't looked over the books that Burton had given to him. He found some time when the baby was asleep and sat down in the living room with the books in his lap. 
As was his habit, Colt quickly scanned all of the books. First, he looked at the table of contents and read a few passages from the three smaller books. He knew that he wanted to read the book about people dying and then waking up. But when he got to the big blue book, he was overwhelmed before he could move past the table of contents. Not only was the book big, but many of the topics were foreign to him. Also there were words and names that he had never heard or seen before.
He held the book in his hands and closed his eyes and spoke out loud. "Dude, this stuff is way more than you can handle. Maybe you should just give this one back." 
Then something odd happened. As he went to set the book on the coffee table, his hands became stuck. It was like the book was a huge magnet and his hands were made of metal. He lifted his arms but the book came with them. He tried pushing it away in front of him with no success. After becoming frustrated, Colt sat in a meditative state and tried to figure out what was happening. This can't be real. Maybe I'm having a waking dream. I guess it could be some sort of psychic thing.
Just when he felt confident that this was something other than normal reality, he was able to remove his left hand from the book. Yeah, it's just some psychic thing. I'm okay now. But to his dismay, his right hand stayed solidly attached. After trying for a few minutes he gave up. What now? At least I can move my left hand. He decided to try to pull the book with his left hand to free it from his right. Instead, without really trying, he found himself flipping open the book. His mind became riveted to a particular passage like a brilliant blue laser beam that could not be diverted. Its title was "The Eternal and Divine Purpose". As he read a pleasant radiance washed over him. Although his emotional fallout from recent events was still there, this new glow muffled its pervasive effect.
There is a great and glorious purpose in the march of the universes through space. All of your mortal struggling is not in vain. We are all part of an immense plan, a gigantic enterprise, and it is the vastness of the undertaking that renders it impossible to see very much of it at any one time and during any one life. We are all a part of an eternal project which the Gods are supervising and outworking. The whole marvelous and universal mechanism moves on majestically through space to the music of the meter of the infinite thought and the eternal purpose of the First Great Source and Center.
The eternal purpose of the eternal God is a high spiritual ideal. The events of time and the struggles of material existence are but the transient scaffolding which bridges over to the other side, to the promised land of spiritual reality and supernal existence. Of course, you mortals find it difficult to grasp the idea of an eternal purpose; you are virtually unable to comprehend the thought of eternity, something never beginning and never ending. Everything familiar to you has an end. [From The Urantia Book]
Colt read until the end of the passage. Although the words were different from anything he had ever read it was as if someone of great wisdom and intelligence was talking directly to him. He even could hear a majestic voice in his head as he read. In spite of the depth of the meaning and the sophistication of the writing, it all made perfect sense to him. The entire experience resonated with wisdom from beyond. He knew that his mother was somewhere in the infinity described in the passage. 
~~~

It was early evening and the rain was pelting the windows of Burton John's house in Normandy Park. The phone began to ring and he answered.
"Hi, this is Colt."
"Oh, hello Colt. I hope you're doing alright? I was so sorry to hear about your loss," said Burton.
"Yeah, well I think I’m starting to get over this thing some. I’m not sure if I ever will. I have some questions about the spiritual stuff." 
"Uh, okay. What are they?"
"I had a weird experience. Can we get together and talk about it?" asked Colt.
"Yes, we definitely can. How about lunch at Appleby's at Southcenter?"
"Great. Is tomorrow okay? At twelve?" asked Colt.
"Sure. You sound different. What’s this about?" asked Burton.
"I opened the big blue book."



Chapter 26


------Email-------
From: Management_Team
To: All_Employees
Subject: Policy change                        

To All Employees

After reviewing the company work location policy, the management 
team has decided to make extensive changes. If you are currently working
from home, your supervisor will discuss the new policy with you and help you to transition back to working in the office. Exceptions
will be considered. However, there must be a compelling reason for an 
employee to continue to work from home.

Management Team

------Email-------

Fletcher Rowe sat up in bed and yawned, squinting his sleepy gray eyes, as the bright sun hit his face. He looked at the digital clock and noticed that it was 11:23 am. He brushed his long, tangled, dishwater blond hair away from his face and smiled. He stood up and stretched his tall thin frame and threw on a T-shirt. He decided to stay in his boxer underwear while he took a quick look at the three computer screens in his living room that was utilized as a computer lab. His few friends called it the command center and it was filled to overflowing with computer equipment.
 After working until five in the morning he was satisfied that he had fixed all of the problems with his code. Now, he needed to take a look at a few things before showering and eating. Before he was able to do that his cell phone rang. It was a text message from his boss asking where he was. He ignored it until after he had checked out his own computer network. Then he logged on to the company network. As soon as he did an instant message box popped up. It was his boss who again was asking where he was. Fletcher closed the window and quickly scanned his Emails. He found nothing that seemed important and logged off.  He noticed another text message on his phone. It only said 'CALL ME NOW!'
Chris Davis walked into the server room. The 35 year old IT lead man wore tan pants with a white short-sleeved shirt. His big belly hung over his belt and his brown eyes darted from side to side. He looked around to check that no one was there. Then he screamed in anguish. Why do I have to deal with these flaky programmers? It's like herding cats. They really don’t think that any of the rules apply to them. 
Chris walked out of the loud server room into the much quieter general office area and then into a smaller room. Colt was sitting at a long table filled with computing hardware. He barely noticed that someone had walked in as he focused deeply on a computer screen. About 15 laptops sat on top of the table. Each laptop had connected cables going in different directions, creating, what seemed to be a tangled mess. Chris started to speak but was interrupted. Colt didn't look up but raised one arm as if to say 'wait a minute'.  Chris paced with his eyes looking to the ceiling and then to the floor as he waited for Colt. 
After a few minutes, Colt smiled and looked up. He swiveled on his chair toward his lead.
"Sorry I was just starting the installs on all of those laptops," said Colt.
"Uh, yeah I figured that. So, are you starting to get the hang of it?" asked Chris.
"Yeah, I've done some of this stuff before. So, what's up?"
Chris tried to seem like he was in charge but was having a difficult time not feeling desperate and spinning out of control. 
"Have you heard from Fletcher? I've been trying to get a hold of him."
"Hey, dude. I come in here and it's like the world forgets about me. I'm lucky if I take a break the whole day. So, no, I haven't heard from him. Doesn't he work from home or something?
"Well, yeah but he's hard to track down. And, it looks like he'll have to start coming in to work," said Chris who was now realizing that this was a waste of time.
"I do know one thing. He likes to do his own thing. And, I don't think he wants to leave his house to drive in here. I sorta like coming in but he's a different kinda dude. 
"If you hear from him, tell him to call me. It's important."
"Will do boss. Later," said Colt as his lead man turned for the door.
Fletcher had done his daily check of his various computer networks and test programs. He decided to start deleting emails after quickly scanning each one. He knew that he couldn't get away with a bulk delete. There was always something that he needed to read and reply to or act on. And, many times the subject box didn’t point to something important. He knew from experience that he had to look over each one. He was nearing the end of the long list of notes when he spotted the one about the new policy concerning working from home. He immediately dropped everything and dialed on his cell phone.
"Hello, this is Chris."
"What the hell is going on with this not working from home crap?" said Fletcher.
"Oh, and hi to you too bud. I've been trying to contact you. One of the rules, when you work at home, is that you have to be available and respond right away. You need to return my calls," said an exasperated Chris.
Fletcher continued unfazed by his boss's criticism. It was like he hadn't even spoken.
"I need to work in my own space. The office slows me down. What do I need to do to get out of this screwed up policy?" asked Fletcher.
Now, Chris was feeling a fiery ball of frustration forming in his gut. As he spoke it burst up through his mouth causing his words to be imbued with a slightly vicious tone with a dash of sarcasm thrown in. 
"Why would you be able to stay at home? You're the kind of employee that they're pissed off about. You don't give a shit about anything," yelled Chris much louder that he intended.
Finally Fletcher realized that Chris was more than a little upset.
"Uh sorry Chris. But, I've been up all night fixing code. I finished phase two. And, all of the fixes and new features have been implemented."
The frustrated IT lead stopped and thought about what he had just heard. Once again he was in awe of Fletcher Rowe in spite of his idiosyncrasies. He had only one question.
"Uh, er, you did all of it yourself?"
"Uh, pretty much. John Houser worked on one script but it still didn't work when he was done. So, I fixed that too."
"Listen to me. I'll see what I can do about this working from home thing. But, you need to help me out. If I need to get a hold of you, get back to me. You have a target on your back. I guess we should meet with Malcolm and see what can be worked out. I'll set up a meeting for later today. Is that okay?"
Fletcher cringed when he realized that he might have to make himself presentable, and drive in to the workplace. He generally hated dealing with management but could tolerate Malcolm Bates.
"Can we do a phone thing? I have to work on organizing my status report. I want to present in a day or two," he asked.
"I'll see how Malcolm wants to deal with it. But, I think since this topic is ‘you can’t work from home anymore’ that he will need to see you face to face. So be ready to get your ass in here," said Chris.
Fletcher hung up and continued to scan and delete emails. An hour later he saw an instant message on his screen. It said “Be in Malcolm’s office at 3:00pm on Thursday..”
Fletcher replied “K” and slammed his fist down on the keyboard.



Chapter 27


------Email-------
From: Strong, Amy[AmyStrong@AOL.com]
To: Bower, Suzy[susybower@WWU.edu]
Subject: Living at home                         

Hey Girl

For awhile there I thought that Colt might never go back to his old self. He was so far away. But now he seems to be adjusting to being without his mom. I guess I didn't realize how close they were. After he had his near-death experience, I got the feeling that he felt connected with God. Now I think he can't understand how God could take his mother away. I guess dying always makes us wonder. The important thing is that the old Colt is coming back to me. 
It was great seeing you guys after the funeral. Our little family could feel your love and support

Amy

------Email-------

Burton Johns sat at a table near the front door in Appleby's restaurant near the Southcenter shopping mall. He would soon be talking to Colt and wanted to be prepared. Of all of the books and classes he had come across, in his search for spiritual truth, nothing had impacted him as much as the big blue book Colt had referred to in his call.  It was still his personal bible and was the only book he considered indispensable. Burton tried to organize his thoughts into two categories. The first was an explanation of the Urantia Book, and the questions that he knew, from experience, would crop up. The other subject was God's reasons for making our lives difficult. Although he had thought about both topics for many years Burton knew that the answers to Colt’s questions would not be simple nor necessarily well received.
Colt walked up to the booth and sat down across from Burton. He shook his hand and smiled. Above his smile were serious eyes.
"Thanks for meeting with me. I'm back working. So, I'm getting really busy again. Before I get buried, I wanted to ask you about a few things," said Colt.
 "I'm happy you opened the Urantia Book. I hope you weren't too overwhelmed," answered Burton.
Colt remembered how he felt when reading the book. It was almost an out of body experience. Although he couldn't categorize the experience based on anything in his past, it had an other-worldly feel to it. It was as if someone was talking to him from far away and far above. To Colt it seemed that the writer was not encumbered with worldly concerns.
"Yeah it is a different book. I haven't read a lot of stuff on God and religion but reading it was like traveling to another place."
"I expect that with your intuitive sensitivity, it was an eye-opener. So you had some questions? How about if we eat first and then talk about it," asked Burton.
During lunch the two talked about personal happenings in their lives. Colt had plenty to cover between living the married life and starting work. He avoided talking about the death of his mother and the funeral. He was waiting. 
After discussing the origin of "The Urantia Book" and Burton's opinion of its value, Colt got to the subject he wanted to cover.
"All this spiritual stuff is fine but I don't understand how God can cause so much pain. Dude, it makes no sense. There wasn't a good reason for my Mom to die. And we know that millions of people are suffering every day."
"I can't tell you what God does or doesn't do or why. There are answers to your questions in "The Urantia Book" but you might not like them. I think the most important thing that I got from that book is that we all have the opportunity to connect with God within ourselves."
Although Colt could see the logic of Burton's words, deep inside he felt a ball of emotions starting to form. Disjointed flashes of highly charged images came and went. It was like a movie that was moving on fast-forward. With each flash, resentment and anger increased. Before Colt could stop himself, Burton became the enemy. He was someone who didn't care or understand. He was a huckster trying to sell Colt a stupid, false philosophy.
In a flash Colt leaned over and grabbed Burton by the shirt, He pulled him forward causing buttons to pop and fly through the air. When his nose was an inch from the startled man's face, he yelled.
"I don't believe in that crap that it's all for the best. I don't think God gives a shit about me or my family.  I really wonder if there is a God at all."
Colt felt tension blast out of his body along with the words he spoke. He slowly began to regain his composure noticing the wide frightened eyes of his lunch companion and the other diners gawking at him. Overcome with remorse and embarrassment, he let go of Burton, threw some money on the table and left.
On the ride home Colt simmered with smoldering embers of deep-seated anger. He briefly thought that he should have apologized to Burton but his anger fueled negative thoughts which crowded out any remorse. Although he knew somewhere deep inside that his behavior was uncalled for it made little difference. He found it very satisfying to allow waves of anger to rise to the surface and burst out into the world. Before he knew it he was parking at home. As he walked toward their apartment, he tried to get a better grip on his emotions with little success. I don't think I'll see that guy anytime soon. I'm not into that book crap anyway. 




Chapter 28


------Email-------
From: Carbon, Elyce[ElyceCarbon@AOL.com]
To: O'Brien, Colt[ColtOB@hotmail.com]
Subject: Burton                         

Hello Colt
I talked with Burton. He said you were very upset the other day. Let me know if I can help in any way. What he described didn’t sound like you.
Elyce

------Email-------

After a few more emotional flare-ups, Amy finally intervened. She pointed out to Colt that he had been a bit emotional and even though she was fairly isolated, she was hearing about it.
“What do you mean? When I see something I speak up. I’ve always been that way,” said Colt. 
“Listen, this is me. You’re still getting over the loss of your mother. And that’s okay. But, don’t take it out on other people. That’s not okay.”
Colt almost started yelling at her but stopped himself. It was like a light bulb flickered and then beamed on causing him to look at himself from a much different point of view.
“Uh, I guess if you’re telling me it’s probably true. I don’t mean to get so heated up. It just seems so unfair.” 
Amy walked over and hugged him and looked him directly in the eyes.
“I know it’s hard. Just try to deal with it and slowly move forward. You know that life isn’t always fair. It’s how we react to bad stuff that matters.”
“Yeah, I guess I need to start living my life again,” said Colt.
~~~
After a few weeks of working Colt started to ease into a routine. Although he wasn’t working overtime, he was working hard. He had little training for the job he was performing. Luckily the last person left some simple instructions which aided him in getting started. Now that he was doing the basics, and loading both laptop and desktop computers, he started to think about creating a step-by-step process that could be followed very easily. In addition to loading PCs from scratch, he also would be fixing broken computers and working on network servers. Although he was getting machines out the door and being told he was doing a good job, Colt still felt like he was flying blind. He needed to understand the configurations he was installing in order to make changes when needed. It was good that he could load many machines at once. However, if even a few things were incorrect, recovery would be difficult and time-consuming. I need a step by step process so I can do it the same way every time. And if something doesn’t work I can change the instructions.
Because he was mostly working alone, the only person he knew very well was Fletcher Rowe. I need to run these ideas by someone that works here. Not just Mr. Carbon, he thought. After asking to meet with Fletcher and finding that he didn’t want to come into the office, Colt decided to visit him at his house.
It was early in the afternoon when Colt knocked on the door of Fletcher’s two-bedroom rambler on a quiet street in Renton, Washington. Fletcher opened the door. The first thing Colt noticed was the hum of computer devices flowing out of the house and a faint scent of marijuana. Fletcher wore boxer shorts and a T-shirt. In his hand was a bright pink Frisbee. I wonder if this guy has had a shower lately, thought Colt. If this is work then I have the wrong job. Fletcher, who seemed to be in a playful mood waved Colt in and turned around to flip the Frisbee.  As it floated through the air a girl came into view causing Colt to pause. She had jet black hair like his own, with tattoos on her arms and multiple pieces of jewelry piercing different parts of her body. She wore only a purple bra and red panties. As her thin body leapt up to grab the Frisbee, Colt noticed her perky breasts bouncing up and down.  He just stood inside the door trying to adjust to what he was experiencing. Colt’s reaction to the scene surprised him. It all seemed so carefree and inviting that he found himself wishing that he was frolicking with the tattooed girl. Dude, stop! Stick to the married life program. Sheesh!
“This is Lucy. We’ve been trying to relax,” said Fletcher.
I don’t remember this guy having a girlfriend. And this one seems frisky. And I don’t remember him being a pot smoker. Hmmm.
Lucy walked over to Colt with a sly smile on her face.  In spite of his reservations he was wondering what she would look like without the bra and panties. I need to get a grip. Arrrghhh!
“Hi Colt. From the look on your face, maybe I should put some clothes on?” she said.
“Uh, whatever. Don’t do it because of me. I don’t know if I’ll be here very long anyway,” answered Colt hoping that she would get dressed so he could get his focus back and stop feeling guilty about images flashing through his mind.
The young woman headed for the bedroom as Colt sat down in the middle of an array of computing devices. The large flat screen television in front of him seemed to be under siege by all of the computers in the room. The TV was on but the sound was turned down giving more power to the humming noise surrounding him.
“Uh, so is that your girlfriend?” asked Colt.
“Yeah, she’s a hacker. We met online and have been doing some coding together. She’s the best girl coder I’ve ever seen,” answered Fletcher.
Colt thought about how she was almost naked and said, “I guess you have that coding thing in common, huh?”
“Yeah and other things. So what did you want to talk about? I have something to talk to you about too. I want to talk to you about the suits.”
Colt proceeded to lay out his idea of documenting the procedures and tips for installing and fixing the work machines. The more he talked, the more he liked his plan.
“So, I just wondered if this sounds like a good idea to you?”
“Okay, here’s the deal. Right now they need you. You don’t even have a backup. Sorta like me. They like to think we’re replaceable but still it would be painful if either of us was just gone,” said Fletcher.
“So what are you getting at?” asked Colt.
“If you make a bunch of really good procedures that anybody can follow, they don’t need you that much. If the suits ask you to do it, then at least they have to admit that it was an action item and you can do more than grunt work.”
This idea of protecting yourself from management was new to Colt. He saw the logic but didn’t like the ‘not sharing’ part. Still, I need to have this stuff for myself so I have a standard way of doing things.
“Uh, okay. I’ll think about it? What was the other thing you wanted to talk about?”
“No way I can work from the office very much. This new policy that the suits want to do is screwing with my head,” whined Fletcher.
Colt surveyed the room, smiled and answered.
“Well I like going in but I know you have your own setup. I think later on it might be nice to work from home but my lab is in the office.”
“These guys are stupid if they think they can force me to come in all the time.”
“I’ll say this. If any management guy ever showed up here, you wouldn’t be working from home anymore.”
Fletcher smiled as Lucy walked back into the room dressed in black Goth attire. She walked over and put her arm around Fletcher putting a hand on his butt and squeezing. Her gray eyes, with specks of green, sparkled with intelligence making Colt wonder how much of her appearance was for show.
“Uh, so are we done having fun already? I probably should go,” she said.
“Me too dude. Thanks for the input,” said Colt as he turned for the door.
“I have a meeting with my boss and his boss in an hour. So, the fun’s over for today,” said Fletcher as he kissed Lucy on the lips.
After Colt was out the door Lucy plopped on the couch and looked at Fletcher who was already sitting in front of a computer monitor with a blank stare.
“Do you think he noticed the pot smell?” she asked.
“Probably but he doesn’t care. You know that I’m not into that stuff. I can’t do my thing when I’m stoned,” answered Fletcher.
“Uh, whatever. As long as I don’t get hassled, I’m good. Seeya later,” said Lucy as she hugged Fletcher. 
“Uh okay. I know you want to see my code. So maybe I’ll show you some when you come over again.” 
Lucy sat on Fletcher’s lap and kissed him hard on the lips. 
“I’ll be back soon so we can play some more.” 

~~~
Lucy sat in her green Acura Legend doing her makeup. An open laptop was sitting in the passenger seat. Her cell phone chimed and vibrated.
“Hello, I was about to report,” said Lucy.
A husky authoritative female voice came across.
“Have you gotten into his code yet? Have you been able to get his passwords?”
“He said that he’ll show me his code soon. I sure hope so. Acting like I’m his girlfriend is getting old,” whined Lucy.
“I’m paying you to do the dirty work. It may be unpleasant but you can count your cash when this is over. As soon as you get access to his code and his passwords, you’re done. And if you come through within a week, I’ll give you a bonus.”
After hanging up Lucy smiled and went back to organizing her face.
“I guess I better make Fletcher happy,” she whispered to herself.




Chapter 29


------Email-------
From: O'Brien, Colt[ColtOB@hotmail.com]
To: Carbon, Matthew[MatthewC@hocs.biz]
Subject: Lots of stuff going on                        

HI Mr. Carbon
Im still very busy. I thought after getting a good job, my life would ease up.  But it’s like loads of stuff is coming at me. I wonder if getting more sleep would help.  I was thinking of stopping by to talk if that’s okay.

Colt

------Email-------

It was raining lightly when Colt pulled up to the Carbon home in the Seahurst area of Burien. He was anticipating a pleasant visit to discuss how to navigate various aspects of his life. Matthew Carbon was always helpful even when he was delivering less than desired information. And he seemed to be right most of the time.
Colt looked up at the light purple house and knew that it would be a restful visit. His psychic radar seemed to be working better than usual and he noticed that the entire house was vibrating within a bright field of energy. He felt a strong pull to be inside where he could take a break from the world of work and changing baby diapers.
Colt was surprised when Elyse Carbon opened the door. As always, he was impressed by her strong presence in such a diminutive body. If she weighs more than ninety pounds I’d be surprised, he thought. But she can sure push out the energy like an electric dynamo.
“Colt, it’s so good to see you. Come in and sit down. Matthew gave me some time to talk to you. I made tea,” she said.
Colt sat down and quickly fell into a state of deep relaxation while looking at the clouds on the ceiling. Elyce soon returned and served him some herbal tea. It smelled like spring after a rain and perked him up.
“I just wanted to see how things are going with Burton. I know you became upset,” said Elyce.
“Uh, yeah. I guess I lost it a little bit. I haven’t talked to him since then. He gave me some books to read but I haven’t done much studying. He seems nice enough.”
“I really hope you continue to see him and that you look over the materials that he gave you. I know there’s a lot of change in your life right now. Just work it in when you can.”
“Since I’ve been married and started working, I haven’t had a lot of psychic stuff happen. It’s like it got pushed into the background. I don’t even dream much anymore.”
Elyce closed her eyes and tried to center herself. Colt sensed that she was traveling to a deep place. As she slipped into a meditative state Colt thought that she was being pulled toward something. Colt almost tried to connect to her on a psychic level but knew it was the wrong thing to do without an invitation. However, he could see that she was going through some turmoil by her slight facial expressions and body language. After regaining her composure she opened her sea blue eyes and looked at Colt. 
“I still feel that you’re not out of danger yet. I know that you aren’t having as many psychic things happening but you still need to be careful.”
“Uh okay. I’ll try to be alert,” answered Colt.
“That’s all I wanted to say. Please work with Burton. Hopefully it will balance you. And, I think we should get together again, especially if you start to have more psychic experiences.”
Elyce left to get her husband and to find a place to digest the information she had just absorbed from being with Colt.  
“Hi Colt. So what did you want to discuss?” asked Matthew Carbon.
It took Colt a moment to change gears after being in such a relaxed state.
“Uh, yeah. I was wondering about juggling everything. And, I had a few questions about work.”
“I found that the key to balancing everything is to take breaks whenever you can. Get out of town with your wife and leave the kid at home. Also try to find alone time.” 
“That sounds good. I wonder if I can even do that?” said Colt.
“Life is a process of adjusting to new circumstance all the time. But this transition you are going through is probably the biggest. Give it some time. What about the work questions?”
Colt outlined his idea for creating step by step processes. He mentioned Fletcher’s thoughts. The intelligent man smiled and spoke.
“I was always the guy who wanted to make things easier and more standardized. I helped a lot with documenting processes.”
“What about job security?”
“For you this is just another thing you can learn to do. Most people don’t stay with one company anyway. You’re always building your skill set. The more you know the better. Just remember to make sure that your bosses know what you are doing. And, if you can show how it improves things that’s even better.”
“What if they don’t want me to spend time on documenting?”
“If they tell you not to do it, just create simple cheat sheets for yourself. Over time bit by bit you can improve what you have. The first time you’re gone and someone has to fill in, have that person use the stuff you have. If it goes well, let management know. If you need to improve your documents, do so.” said Mr. Carbon.
“I think I have a good way to approach this now. Thanks,” said Colt.
 “You’re welcome. You’ll help yourself by getting in the habit of doing and learning. Never stop learning. Luckily in the industry you are in there is much to learn. We called it continuous learning. Hopefully, after some time you will know how to learn new things very fast. That is a big goal in all of this.”
Colt thought about what he was being told and realized that he saw it as obvious. But, he had never heard it stated in such a concise manner. I think I’ve already started on this continuous learning thing.  I even start feeling weird if I have too much time where I’m not learning new stuff. Maybe that’s a good thing. Hmmm.
“Yeah, well I think I’ve already started with the continuous learning stuff. When you fix computer problems, stuff changes all the time.”
“I agree Colt. Just keep at it.”
Colt thanked Mr. Carbon, shook his hand and left. The sun was shining as it does in Western Washington after the rain stops. It shone with penetrating, life-affirming power. The brilliance reflected Colt’s state of mind as he headed home.




Chapter 30


------Email-------
From: Stone, Lucy[LStone2@AOL.com]
To: Carlsson, Brigitte[BCarlsson@georgemcole.com]
Subject: That thing                        

Hi Brigitte

I saw what we discussed but only a little bit. I will try to get a better view of things soon. As far as getting the access I needed, that was not possible. I will keep working on it.
Lucy

------Email-------

The tall stately woman strolled into the casino. Her bright blue eyes sparkled under short blond hair. Goosebumps appeared on her arms as the cool dry air hit her skin. Her eyes dilated slightly as her endorphins kicked in. She floated toward a craps table that was surrounded by raucous gamblers.  It was by far the noisiest and busiest area of the large casino floor.  As she neared the table every part of her body became energized. It was as if she had taken morphine to deaden pain but her mind remained alert and focused. It was a high that she had become accustomed to. It was a feeling that she craved and had to have. Although cool air circulated throughout the massive gambling area, a faint odor of cigarette and cigar smoke permeated the floor.
She squeezed in between a man dressed in a $500 suit and a rather stout woman who wore only denim shorts and a flimsy pink blouse. She waved to the stick man and soon got his attention.
“I need ten thousand in one hundred dollar chips,” she said. 
The people near her first noticed the amount that she was requesting but then paused to think about the voice that had mouthed the words. It was a husky voice that seemed too deep for a woman who was so thin even though she stood at about five feet ten inches tall. Soon the focus changed as a rather large man yelled “C’mon seven,” and rolled the dice. 
Two hours had passed and the blond woman’s pile of chips was almost gone. She threw the dice with energy and hope but was again disappointed in the outcome. Looking toward the ceiling she threw up her hands in disgust and turned for the exit. Gone was the power of the gambler’s high that had filled her with hope and excitement. Only an empty emotional cavern remained
She hit the hot Las Vegas air and paused trying to adjust to the oven she was now existing in.  The stale cigarette smell rose up from her clothes. She slowly crossed the street hailing a taxi. After a short drive to a new housing development with many homes only partially complete, she walked into a stately two story house. She flung her small black purse in no particular direction knocking over a vase.
After soaking in a huge tub for about an hour, while sipping on white wine, she was again functioning normally. She was able to think clearly. After donning a robe Brigitte Carlsson plopped down in front of a large flat screen TV. A laptop computer sat on a small table in front of her with a long cable snaking across the beige carpet to the back of the television. When she started up the computer, it flashed onto the TV screen. After logging on and working for some time, she dialed on her pink cell phone.
“Is he in?” asked Brigitte.
“Oh, hi Brigitte. He was wondering if you’d call. How is the vacation going?” asked a young singsong female voice.
“Uh okay. It’s nice to get away.”
“I’ll transfer you now. Have a nice day.”
“So how much did you win?” asked an inquisitive male voice.
“Oh, I only won about $500. I had a bad day at the tables,” said Brigitte.
“I don’t know how you do it. I wish I could have gotten away and I was with you right now. I really miss you,” said the sincere voice with a hint of desire.
“Me too. I’ll be back in a few days.  So finish up all your work so we can have us time,” she said.
“I’ll tell you one thing. This pulling people back into the office from home is a royal pain. Just when people get used to it we yank them back in.” 
“I’ve heard rumors that there are employees who abuse the privilege,” said Brigitte. 
“Yeah, I’m in the middle of this. So I’m hearing more rumors than I care to. Oh, gotta go. Love you.”
“See you soon.”
Brigitte immediately dialed another number.
A gruff voice answered. 
“Yeah. Joe here. What do you need?” he asked.
“This is Brigitte. I’m a little short. How is my credit line?”
“Well, hi there little lady. You’re into us for 90k. And the clock is tickin’. Are you sure you want to keep doin’ this?
“Not too many people call me little lady. That’s a new one.”
“Yeah, okay, Brigitte. Can you handle the action? You owe a chunk of dough.
“No problems on this end. You’ll get your money. I want another 20. I’m feeling lucky,” said the confident gambler.
“Okay sweetheart. But remember what happens if you can’t pay the bill.”
 Brigitte hung up and moved her mouse causing the dark TV to display her computer screen. After looking around on her computer she found a file named PWORD.txt. Next, she tried to log on to the company’s financial server. A screen was displayed with a red warning banner. Bold capital letters read LIMITED ACCESS. Brigitte opened the PWORD file and typed in a login name and then the password. She was in.



Chapter 31


------Email-------
From: Carlsson, Brigitte[SCarlsson@datasoft.com]
To: Bates, Malcolm[Mbates@datasoft.com]
Subject: Fletcher Rowe                       

Malcolm

I think it would be a good idea if I sat in on the meeting with Fletcher Rowe.

Brigitte

------Email-------

Fletcher waited outside of Malcom Bate’s office. He remembered when he first interviewed to work for Datasoft. Although it was only about a year ago, so much had happened that it seemed much longer. Unlike in that meeting, Fletcher now had produced software that was valuable to the company. At this point he was the only person who knew all of the modules of the specialized software. He tried not to be over confident but hoped that this gave him an edge. He could think of nothing worse than having to show up at the office every day and follow the rules like other employees. When Colt had been at his house, he realized more than ever that he was living in a different world from his employers. He was existing way, way outside of the box. 
When Fletcher walked into the office he was met by three people. Malcolm Bates was behind a medium-sized desk. He had moved his monitor to the side to have a clear view. His lead man Chris Davis was also in the room. To Fletcher he seemed a bit on edge which was normal. The other person was a slim, tall blond lady that Fletcher hadn’t met. Her presence overpowered both Malcolm and Chris. She exuded confidence and intelligence. Fletcher immediately decided to avoid direct contact with the blond amazon lady.
“Hi Fletcher. You know Chris. This is Brigitte Carlsson our supervisor of the human resources department. She’ll be sitting in,” said Malcolm.
Before he knew what was happening, Brigitte was holding out her hand to Fletcher. He shook it and felt a bit smaller than when he walked in.
“I’m so very pleased to meet you. I’ve heard so many great things,” said Brigitte as she shook his hand longer than necessary.
Fletcher wondered why she was gushing over him and immediately distrusted her.  He suspected that she was there to bring down the hammer when he was told that he couldn’t work from home.
“Uh, nice to meet you,” said Fletcher.
Brigitte sat to the side of Malcolm’s desk making it seem like they were equals. Chris sat to the left of Fletcher and seemed to be inconsequential.
Malcolm put the fingers of his hands together and stretched them with the palms facing out. Then he spoke.
“Well, I guess we all know why we’re here. I’ve been told by the management team that we start with an answer of no and need a lot of justification to get to maybe. If we get past maybe then we need more very good reasons to get to yes. So far, Fletcher, you’re the only person who has asked to remain working from home.”
“Why is the company doing this?” asked Fletcher.
“Not that it matters but there is a concern that with the loss of visibility some individuals have been abusing the situation. You know out of sight, out of mind,” answered Malcolm.
“Uh yeah but you can see by the work that I’ve finished that I’m working harder than anybody. I was supposed to have a few guys helping me but so far I’ve gotten nothing out of them. So instead of wasting time in traffic I use it to fix code.” 
Fletcher thought he saw Brigitte Carlsson lean on Malcolm.
“So why is it so hard to work here? What’s the big deal?” asked Malcolm in true wonderment.
“Listen, I get into the zone and can work for hours at a time. At home I can accomplish more. Do you even know how much I’ve gotten done? Another month and I’ll be completely finished with release one,” said a frustrated Fletcher.
Malcolm paused in surprise. It was as if the entire meeting was on a raft floating down a gentle stream but now had suddenly hurtled over a waterfall. Malcolm was trying to hang on while he absorbed this new information. Brigitte put a gentle hand on his shoulder. She had a confident glint in her eyes bordering on arrogance.
“Well Fletcher I don’t know that much about this thing you are working on but now I’m curious. Why is it so important?” asked Brigitte.
“I was hired into this company because I created this software that usually takes about ten to twenty people to do. Then I got it working in about two months as per my agreement. Instead of the bonus I was promised I was given a giant list of additional features to add. That’s okay and I agreed but I think I should get a little consideration.”
Malcolm straightened up to speak but again Brigitte’s hand was on his shoulder but firmly this time. He tried to continue but Brigitte spoke first.
“Malcolm, could I talk to you privately for a few minutes?”
After Fletcher and Chris had exited the room Brigitte quickly jumped over to Malcolm and plopped down in his lap. He was surprised but quickly adjusted to the minute movements of her lower body. 
“Oh god, you know it’s hell for me being in the same room with you sometimes. I just want to tear my clothes off and make love. But let’s talk about this situation.”
As Malcolm’s attraction to Brigitte grew the situation, as she called it, seemed to fade into the background. 
“Uh, er, sure. What about it?”
“It sounds to me that if he screamed real loud we could have a problem on our hands. And the fact that he is delivering the goods, makes me think that this might be our only exception. Unless I misunderstood?” purred Brigitte.
“If what he says it true, he’s a superhuman programmer. And yes, we promised him a bonus. I think not having him around much made me forget to handle that. You may be right. Let’s recommend that we let him continue as he is,” said Malcolm.
“We can tell the team that his project is so critical right now that we don’t want to disrupt his routine. If they push back hard, I’ll mention that the bonus agreement could put the company at risk,” said Brigitte.
“Okay, but I’ll have to check on his progress on the software to verify. But if that checks out, I’m good with the plan.” 
Malcolm, who was now ready to move further into romantic territory, tried to kiss Brigitte. She gave him a quick peck on the forehead and jumped up making sure that her medium sized breasts bounced in front of his face. 
“Oh honey, I’m so sorry. I have another meeting. Can you handle the details?” 
“Uh sure, I’ll see you later then,” said Malcolm.
“Bye sweetie,” said Brigitte as she floated out of the room.




Chapter 32


------Email-------
From: O’Brien, Amy[AmyBrien@AOL.com]
To: Bower, Suzy[susybower@WWU.edu]
Subject: Checking in                         

Suzy

Now that we’re past Colt losing his mother, it feels like we’re settling in. I just took Robbie to the doctor and he’s fine. I’m starting to lose some of that weight I gained which is good because I can’t look at myself in the mirror right now.  Colt is working hard but I know it takes time to figure stuff out and get used to a new job. Anyway it sort of feels like things are falling into place. 

Amy.

------Email-------

Colt was watching a vivid movie but it made no sense. It was a jumble of emotion-packed images that blasted him with vibrant saturated colors. For some reason those colors seem to have feelings. It’s weird, he thought. Then one of the images stopped long enough for Colt to see it instead of just sense it as it flashed by. It was a scene of a thin body suspended upside down with the head about two feet above a metallic floor. The figure which was wearing a tie-dye t-shirt and dark purple shorts faced Colt. It was in front of a computer rack that was flashing various multi-colored lights. What is it? Something isn’t right about this guy. Then Colt figured it out. His clothes were hanging on his body as if he wasn’t upside down. Just when he recognized that the figure was Fletcher Rowe, the scene again transformed into another scene. 
Now Colt found himself in a large structure that seemed like an office building but he had difficulty seeing any details. As he went from room to room he was presented with problems to solve. In a moment each problem was presented, absorbed and understood or not. Then he was pushed forward by an unseen force to deal with another problem. As he dealt with each puzzle his momentum toward some unknown end increased. After a short time Colt started to spin out of control as his mind became overwhelmed with too much information that didn’t fit neatly into his mental reservoir.  
Suddenly, it all stopped and a stage appeared. He watched as Fletcher’s girlfriend Lucy, dressed only in a black bra and panties cartwheeled across the stage and flipped up and over like a gymnast. It reminded Colt of watching the Olympic gymnastics competition.  He was still thinking about Lucy the flipping girl when he woke. Ugh. That ending was kind of interesting, too. All the crap that happened is a lot to figure out. Maybe I’m just mentally overloaded.
It was dark and the green letters on the thin digital clock displayed 3:56am. Amy was sleeping soundly. There was no sound coming through the intercom that was connected to the baby’s room. Colt lay still staring up at the ceiling unable to let go of multi-faceted dream. It seemed so real. That usually means that something will happen. He thought about Fletcher being upside down but that seemed to be a perfect representation of who he was. The problem solving part he guessed was just his brain trying to process all of the things that he needed to understand in his home life and at work. But why was Lucy bouncing around with almost nothing on? And that flip at the end. It was like she was super-goth-girl or something. Oh well, whatever.
Now Colt wasn’t tired at all. In spite of the rule about not disturbing sleeping babies, Colt quietly walked over to little Robbie’s room. As usual at night the door was open. Colt silently walked in to check on his son. As he looked over the wooden rail of the crib the baby rolled over and surprised Colt. His wide-awake unfocused eyes stared directly into Colt’s. It was almost as disconcerting as his dream. Then Robbie closed his eyes and rolled over again as if Colt wasn’t there.
In what seemed like a minute or two Colt was startled from a dreamless sleep by a gentle nudge. He opened his eyes and yawned. 
“Why are you out here,” asked Amy after kissing him on the cheek.
“Uh, out where?” mumbled Colt.
Then he noticed he was lying on the couch in the living room.
“Well, I’m not sure how I ended up here. The last thing I remember was looking at the baby. Oh and I had a weird dream.” 
“You weren’t sleepwalking were you?”
“No, I just woke up after the dream. It’s weird. I thought I was awake but I guess I was tired,” said Colt.
“You better get your little cute butt moving. You’re late.”
“Crap! Sometimes my dreams just get me into trouble.”

~~~

After scrambling around and hurrying out of the apartment, Colt showed up at work an hour late. Nobody seemed to notice but he called his lead man Chris anyway.
“Uh, I overslept. So I just got here,” said Colt.
“No big deal. Do you want to work late to make up for it?” asked Chris.
“Okay. I’ll do that. Thanks.”
Colt was a bit surprised and relieved at how casual Chris was about him showing up late. Still he felt an urge to show that he was a good employee. I know what I’ll do. I can tell him about my idea. An hour later he was in a conference room with Chris.
After briefly outlining his thoughts about creating documentation for the daily tasks that he performed and what resources it would take to make it happen, he waited as Chris thought it over. 
“You know Colt. I like initiative and I like your idea. If you’re out sick or on vacation someone could easily fill in if we document and standardize what you do. Okay, this is what I want you to do. Take one hour out of your work day to put this stuff together. After two weeks, show me what you have and we’ll decide how to proceed,” said Chris.
“Uh, great. So it sounds like a good thing to you then?” asked Colt.
“This kind of activity is good as long as you can get your primary tasks done on time. If you can pull it off it will make both of us look good,” answered Chris.
Colt thanked him and left. After a brief period of elation at having his idea accepted, he proceeded to do his daily work. As the day wore on something unusual happened. It felt to Colt like a dark depressing vapor was seeping into his work lab. With each passing hour a foreboding sense of doom increased. This isn’t me. I never stay down for long. He finally felt the need to leave the building. After purchasing a strong cup of coffee he walked around the block a few times. He felt a bit better after returning. However, he decided to talk to some co-workers about his documentation project. No way I’m ready to go back into that room. Just as he was turning the corner to talk to someone, Colt’s cell phone rang. 
“Hey Colt, this is Fletcher. Good news, baby.” 
“Oh, what’s that? I’m ready for some good news,” answered Colt.
“They let me work from home. Isn’t that great? I was ready to fight but it turned out to be easy.”
“Uh, so what did you say to them?”
“I just told them about how far I was on my coding, mostly.”
“Dude, that’s cool,” answered Colt.
But, deep in his gut something tugged at him. It felt like a tow truck had just hooked onto his ribcage and was now starting to move forward.





Chapter 33


------Email-------
From: Stone, Lucy[LStone2@AOL.com]
To: Carlsson, Brigitte[SCarlsson@georgemcole.com]
Subject: The change                         

Hi Brigitte

As you know Fletcher and I are becoming close as I try to find my way. I think the best thing under the circumstances, is for me to move in with him. I am guessing it could be for a short time but it’s always difficult to know. Not my favorite idea but probably the best one.

Lucy

------Email-------


When Fletcher showed up to present the finished suite of applications to the company technical team, he was praised and given the bonus that he was promised. It was a pleasant surprise, after months of wondering how he would be treated, to have the big issues handled at the beginning of the meeting. As he moved through the demonstration he sensed a bit of skepticism from the panel of four middle-aged men asking the questions. However after some time had passed and others involved in the project spoke up, it became obvious that Fletcher was the primary reason for the successful outcome. At that point an aura of respectful reverence permeated the room. He continued to demonstrate the features that were originally requested and the added requirements that were never agreed to in the original specs but were asked for anyway. 
“So, that’s about it. I’ve checked and double-checked for errors and everything seems to be solid. I think we should move on to beta testing,” said Fletcher.
A pasty-faced balding man in his forties wearing glasses, looked around and then spoke.
“Uh, yes about that. We would like to have about ten minutes to discuss your presentation. Why don’t you step outside and we’ll call you back when we’re ready,” he said in a pleasant tone that seemed a bit phony to Fletcher..
“Uh sure, I’ll see you in a few,” said Fletcher.
When Fletcher returned to the meeting he was again slathered with praise and reminded that he would get a substantial bonus. Then the hammer came down. He was told that it was true that he had done more than was asked but now because of competitive issues, one more module needed to be added to the suite. 
“So, as you can see the company needs this extra capability in the product. We’ll get you the specs and work with you on a schedule for completion,” said the pasty-face man.
Fletcher had been working for two days straight and he thought he was going to have a break to recharge and relax. On top of that, the schedule that was presented to him was very aggressive. 
“Uh, here’s the deal. I’m doing this alone. And, I’ve been coding continuously for days. I need at least a two or three day break. If that doesn’t happen I can’t say what we’ll end up with,” said Fletcher.
The man who spoke previously answered.
“Take a three day weekend and let us know if there is anything we can do to help. This is a high priority project.”
“Thanks. I appreciate it,” said Fletcher.

~~~

Now that Fletcher didn’t have to become immersed in coding, he was at a loss as to what to do with himself. He sat in his living room surrounded by computers doing something that he rarely did, watching TV. It was about 9:00 in the evening. Empty and half-empty pizza boxes littered the living room. Fletcher looked up from the television with sleepy eyes when he heard a light tapping on the door. 
“Who the hell can that be,” he muttered.
When he opened the door Lucy stood there with a paper bag in her hand. A wry smile crossed her face and Fletcher waved her in. He immediately relaxed as he remembered how much he loved having Lucy around. When he plopped down on the couch, it was like hot air whooshing out of a big balloon as he quickly decompressed
“I was wondering if you were ever going to come up for air. If I didn’t know you better, I’d think you didn’t want me around,” cooed Lucy.
Fletcher now noticed that Lucy was wearing a light purple leotard with a short flimsy, black skirt. He could not ignore her perky breasts and the material clinging to her small nipples. He started to get up to walk toward her but she was sitting in his lap before he knew what happened.
“Oh, I forgot. I should have called you. I have some good news,” said Fletcher.
“Oh really?”
“Yeah, the suits gave me more crap to do after I finished the whole thing. It’s like they have no clue. But, I was able to get three days off. Isn’t that great?”
“Well, I know those guys will work you to death if you let them. So good for you. I know just what you need.”
“Oh, what’s that?” asked Fletcher.
“I think we should get out of Dodge. We could go tomorrow. I know just the place to relax and take it easy. And, if you’re nice to me and let me stay the night, I’ll give you a massage. After you shower of course. I don’t even want to think about when that last happened.”
Fletcher was speechless and just sat there with his mouth open a little bit. He allowed images of what was to come, to dance through his head.
“Well?” asked Lucy.
“Oh, uh, yeah. No doubt I’m ready for that. I’ll shower right now,” said Fletcher who now was feeling his energy level rising.
Lucy walked over and kissed him on the lips and wiggled around. Soon his hands were roaming and Lucy jumped up with a giggle. 
“Go take your shower,” she said.
When Fletcher was gone Lucy walked into the bedroom and lit sticks of incense and a marijuana cigarette that was pinkish in color. After returning to the living room, she smiled as she sat in Fletcher’s chair in front of a large computer screen. After pushing a thumb drive into a port on one of the computers and rapidly typing on the keyboard, she joined Fletcher in the shower.




Chapter 34


------Email-------
From: O'Brien, Colt[ColtOB@hotmail.com]
To: Jones, Bobby[Bobbyj@WWU.edu]
Subject: The crap keeps coming                        

Hey Bobinator
Hope things are going good for you. Sometimes I wish I was still in college. Every time I think the next thing will make everything easier, it doesn’t happen. Just when I was getting used to the work schedule they put me on second shift and make me work more hours with no overtime pay. Not a popular change on the home front.
Colt

------Email-------

It was ten in the morning when Colt woke up. At first he thought it was the weekend. Then he remembered that he now worked late every night and his schedule had warped into a stressful all-encompassing lifestyle that he never knew existed. He was working on a special project installing software on about 8o laptops and was under the gun to finish within a month. After one week he wondered how that was possible.  His lead Chris was no help either. He told Colt to ask few questions and get it done. It was unlike Chris and Colt guessed the he was under pressure from his boss to perform. 
Colt yawned and lay his head back down on the pillow. In what seemed like seconds he was awakened by a persistent nudge on his shoulder. He looked at the clock when he opened his eyes and the digital numbers read 11:15am.
“You did it again. Now the day is almost gone and you need to be at work in a few hours,” said Amy. 
Colt was not awake enough to sense if she was mad at him or just frustrated but he knew that neither was good. Crap, I better get moving. I think we’re supposed to do something today?
“Uh yeah. I just closed my eyes and another hour disappeared. I’ll get rolling,” said Colt.
“Don’t you remember? We’re having lunch with my parents today. We’re supposed to be at their house at twelve. This work schedule is getting old. I never even have a chance to say hello to my own husband,” said Amy.
After showing up late to the lunch appointment and feeling a growing uneasiness between him and Amy, Colt was happy to be off to work.  As he drove up I-5 toward Seattle he wondered how he could deal with this new state of affairs and come out the other side with his job and marriage intact. By the time he got home later that night and got to bed it was past three am.
 Then he was able to get up at a time that allowed him to accomplish something before work. However, Amy had nothing planned and he cruised through the first hours of his day doing nothing of importance. Before he knew it he had again sleepwalked through the morning and work beckoned. Man, this schedule is brutal. I get sleep sometimes but I don’t seem to get going until I’m at work. And it’s like I live in another world from everybody else. 
As Colt strolled into the lab stacks of laptops and a desktop computers littered most of the large room. Colt noticed that the scene seemed to be a big imposing mess which was not his usual way of doing things. Chris followed behind him. Man, I’m not even here for five minutes and he’s ready to hit me with something. Arrgghhh!
“Hi Colt. I’m leaving soon. Just wondering about your progress,” asked Colt’s lead.
“Uh, yeah. I have like 85 units to do and I have 9 done. I expect I’ll be able to go faster but there’s a limit to how fast I can do each one. You know it’s a total install of the OS and then the other stuff,” answered Colt.
“I’m told this has to be done on time. So, do what you have to do to make it happen.” 
“I’ll keep at it. I’m already working 12 hour days.”
“I know all that but it doesn’t matter if you don’t perform. I’ll be checking in every day to see how it’s going. Don’t let me down.”
Colt took a moment to allow a feeling of relief to wash over him. Man, am I glad he’s gone. This guy is starting to piss me off. He then started his work by grabbing a few laptops and plugging them into a power strip on the large table. Once he connected them with cables to a network hub on the table he started loading software from a central computer server. An hour later the operation was at a point where it didn’t need constant attention.  Colt went out into the empty office area and made a fresh pot of coffee. A guard stopped to say hi to him while making his rounds. 
The phone in the lab was ringing when Colt returned. He answered it.
“Hey sport. I guess it’s just you and me working the night shift,” said Fletcher.
“Yeah, the only difference is that you like it and I don’t. What about your girlfriend? My wife is starting to get cranky,” said Colt.
“Well, Lucy seems to be good with it. I guess she is just into me that much. She moved in you know and so far so good.”
“So let’s talk about my situation here. I have all these computers to load but it’s like civilizations rise and fall while it’s happening. Do you know any way to speed this up? I’m dying here. And it’s like everyone wants it done yesterday.”
“Welcome to my world young padawan. This is the business you’re in now. I’m sorta busy myself but maybe I can get in there and look at your setup,” said Fletcher.
“I’d appreciate anything you can do to help. And, I hope you’re wrong and this work thing evens out,” said Colt.
“Don’t count on it, Colt.”



Chapter 35


------Email-------
From: Carlsson, Brigitte[BCarlsson@datasoft.com]
To: Bates, Malcolm[Mbates@datasoft.com]
Subject: Fletcher Rowe                       


Hi Malcolm
I just wanted to check in concerning Fletcher Rowe. I was working late tonight and noticed him in the lab with that new kid Colt O’Brien. I thought we just jumped through a bunch of hoops to allow him to work from home. Maybe it’s nothing but it just seemed odd.
Brigitte

------Email-------

Brigitte hit the enter key on her keyboard to send the email. She smiled smugly and her eyes lit up as pieces of her plan formed and found places in her overall scheme. Since Fletcher was in the lab with Colt, it was a good time to call Lucy. She got up from her desk and locked the door to her office. After opening the secret pocket in her large purse and pulling out a non-descript cell phone, she punched in the number. 
“Hi, this is Lucy.”
“Hi Lucy, this is Brigitte. I have a special phone just for our conversations. I think that it’s time for you to do the same.”
“Uh, er, sure, I guess. Do we really need to be that careful?”
“You just stole the key code for a multi-million dollar application by just pushing in a thumb drive. You should know how easy it can be to follow a trail of digital footprints.”
“Uh yeah, I guess I wasn’t thinking. By the way, was the stuff I gave to you valuable?” asked Lucy.
“I think that’s all I’ll need. Expect your assignment to end soon,” answered Brigitte.
“Uh, how long?”
“I think our business should be done within a few weeks. I’ll let you know. And you’ve done a great job. So expect something extra.”
“Ooh, I like the sound of that. So what will you do with the info? What’s your plan?” asked Lucy.
“Just continue to do your job. And, when it’s over disappear. That’s our deal. You don’t need to know anything else,” said Brigitte in a serious tone.
“Uh yeah, I got it.” 
“When I say disappear, I mean get off the grid for a while. No email, logging on and all of it.”
“No problem. I’ll be laying low and then surfacing with my real name. And, I’ll be far away from here.”
“Expect to hear from me soon. Bye.”
It was late on a Friday night. As Brigitte drove home with her plan firmly established, her thoughts turned to her favorite outlet after sex, playing at the craps table. Although she had about 1500 dollars in her savings account, she knew that was not nearly enough for her to enjoy herself.  And, her credit cards were all maxed out. After deciding to just go home and call Malcolm, her primary phone rang.  She decided that it could wait until she was relaxing in her comfortable home.
After pouring herself some white wine, changing into a plush white robe and sitting on the couch, Brigitte looked at the number on her phone. 
“Uh oh. Not those guys again,” she murmured.
Before she could call back, her phone rang again.
“Hi, what’s up?”
“Don’t you know why I’m calling?” asked a gruff, serious voice.
Brigitte was at first puzzled and then she cringed with irritation.
“I thought we agreed that I could pay you next week? Why are you calling me now? I’m sick of this crap,” said Brigitte.
“I got told by the boss that you got three days. He said that he don’t trust you no more. You been late too many times.”
Now her plan didn’t seem as solid as it did a few minutes ago, especially the timetable. She didn’t need a hassle right at the crucial point in her scheme.
 “I thought we had a deal. You can’t do this to me. You agreed,”
“The deal is what I said. We don’t want to make trouble for you but we will if you don’t cough up the dough. Remember three days starting now.”
As Brigitte tried to organize her thoughts, she heard a click on the other end of the line.
“Shit shit, shit,” she yelled out loud.
Brigitte thought about the situation for a few minutes and decided that she needed to calm down, look at her options and revisit her plan. She took her time preparing a bath with scented bubbles. Multiple candles around the large tub created the mellow atmosphere that she wanted. After shedding her robe and slipping into the steaming water, she picked up a small pipe and inserted some hashish into it. After a few puffs the effect was complete.

~~~

“Hello is this a secured line,” asked Brigitte.
“Yes it is. Why are you calling now?” answered a calm male voice.
“Something’s come up and I need to change the timetable. Is that doable?”
“Yes. The sooner the better, as long as you provide everything that we need.”
“Okay, how about the day after tomorrow? Can we meet and conclude our business along with payment then?” asked Brigitte.
“That is a substantial amount of capital to put together in that time frame, especially in cash,” said the male voice with only a flicker of irritation.
“Well, can you do it or not?” said Brigitte with more intensity than she intended.
“Okay, but when we meet we will need some time to look over the product.”
“I know all that. Do you think I’m stupid? Let’s meet at the usual place in two days. Will eight in the evening be good?”
“That will be fine. See you there.”
Brigitte hung up and dialed again. Lucy answered.
“Is he there now?” asked Brigitte.
“Let me move into the other room,” whispered Lucy.
After walking into the bedroom, Lucy spoke.
“Is something the matter? Why are you calling so soon?”
“Change of plan. I need to access Fletcher’s system for about two hours. Can you get him out of the house?”
“You mean now? He’s working now.”
“How about this. Just get him into bed later and don’t let him go back to work on his computers. I have to get in.”
“Uh okay. He’s been up for two days straight anyways. If I get him to take a shower he might fall asleep without me doing anything. Why the big hurry?”
“Something came up, that’s all.”
“I’ll call you when the coast is clear.”
Brigitte smiled with relief. 
“I’ll wait for your call. If for some reason after I get onto his system, he heads into the front room, you will need to have a text message ready to send to me so I can log off.”
“No problem. But, I think I can keep him occupied.”
“Okay, I’ll talk to you later.”





Chapter 36


------Email-------
From: Carbon, Elyce[ElyceCarbon@AOL.com]
To: Johns, Burton [BJohns@AOL.com]
Subject: Colt                       


Hello Burton
I talked to Colt and impressed upon him the importance of looking into the books that you recommended to balance out his psychic abilities. He said that he would contact you.
Elyse

------Email-------


Colt was just about to get off of work. It was 2 am and there was an eerie emptiness in the computer lab. After shutting down most of the computer equipment, it was quiet except for one tower computer that hummed in the background. Colt was headed for the door when he sensed that he should stop. Why am I getting this feeling? There’s nothing here that I need to do. Just then, he glanced at a bare white wall toward the back of the room. All of a sudden he noticed flickering color on the wall reminding him of the beginning of an old-time movie. In a few seconds he could see a clear image. To his surprise it was Burton Johns.  It brought back memories of their last meeting that ended in Colt walking out in a fit of anger. Burton was looking off to the side and was holding up a book. It was thick and looked heavy. Colt tried to figure out what the book was but in an instant the movie ended leaving a blank white wall. I guess I better do what Mrs. Carbon wants and get together with Burton. I wasn’t very nice to him last time. Oh well.
Colt again walked toward the door to leave. When he was just outside of the room he heard something. He looked around the office area but saw no one. Then a light but clear voice said ‘Meet with him’. As he was about to exit the office area toward the elevators, he walked by Brigitte’s office. He saw a flash of blond hair out of the corner of his eye. Hmm? That’s odd. Why is she here at two in the morning?
After Colt left, Brigitte, who was dressed in jeans and a gray sweatshirt, slipped into the computer lab. She exited a few minutes later and quickly found the exit to the stairs and slipped out.

~~~

Colt sat across from Burton Johns in his small home. He was very comfortable in a plush leather chair with wide armrests. It reminded him of the first time they met. Books were stacked on the coffee table and Burton sat across from him emanating an intellectual vibe. It wasn’t like him to be shy or at a loss for words but in this case he had good reasons. I hate apologizing. And, now I’m thinking about my mother again. Crap, why did I come here?
After an awkward minute Colt spoke.
“Uh, I just wanted to say that I’m sorry about last time. I know that you didn’t deserve that. I wasn’t myself.” 
Burton smiled with a glow of compassion in his eyes. This was something that Colt didn’t expect. He had never seen any emotion coming from Burton.
“You know Colt it’s never easy losing someone. And, you’re not the first person to be hit hard by that happening. Let’s move on and forget it ever happened.”
Tension that had built up in Colt was released in an instant. Also his limited view of Burton was expanded. I guess there’s more to this guy than I thought. Hmmm.
“Okay. It’s a deal,” answered Colt.
“I have a feeling that you haven’t been studying any of the materials that I gave you which is understandable. I know you have a busy life. So, if you have any questions about any of the books, now is a good time to ask.”
“I still sorta wonder why Mrs. Carbon wants me to read this stuff. How will it help me?”
“Here is what I think. Most people, like me, don’t experience things like you do. So if you recognize something in one of the books then you can share that with others who read the same book,” said Burton.
“Uh so it will help me to talk about it then?”
“From what I understand, there is a tendency for individuals with your abilities to lose contact with the earth. In other words, they become ungrounded. The mind is a connection between here and the other side. So if you can strengthen that part of yourself, then maybe you will be able to stay more grounded when you have a psychic experience.”
“Uh, I guess that makes sense. I’ll try to fit some of this stuff into what I’m doing. Mrs. Carbon is someone I really trust.”
“Just remember, none of this is like science. We’re learning as we go. How about this. I will read something. And let’s see if it resonates with you. Okay?”
“I’m not sure what ‘resonates’ means but okay,” answered Colt. 
After placing coffee and sweet rolls in front of Colt, Burton grabbed the big blue book and opened it. What was the name of that huge book again? I remember that it was really deep stuff, thought Colt. As Burton prepared to read Colt sensed a shift in the energy of the room. Colors were brighter, the aroma of the coffee and rolls was more pronounced. When Burton started to read he spoke with a voice of authority that seemed to come from a deeper place. Who is this guy? What happened to him? Where did Burton go?
“‘The Edentia Sea of Glass is one enormous circular crystal about one hundred miles in circumference and about thirty miles in depth. This magnificent crystal serves as a receiving field for all transport seraphim and other beings arriving from points outside the sphere; such a sea of glass greatly facilitates the landing of transport seraphim.”[From The Urantia Book]
Burton smiled, looked up at Colt and started to speak.
“So what…”
Then he saw that Colt was slumped over to one side and was barely breathing. He nudged him gently while holding his wrist. After a few minutes of trying to revive Colt, the phone rang.
“Crap what is it now?” moaned Burton as he grabbed the phone.
The feminine voice on the other end of the line only said “I’ll be there in five minutes. Don’t do anything.”
“Uh okay. Is everything going to be all right?” asked Burton.
But nobody was there.




Chapter 37


------Email-------
From: Rowe, Fletcher[FRow@datasoft.com]
To: Bates, Malcolm[Mbates@datasoft.com]
Subject: Project Status                     


Hi Malcolm
I’ve been hard at it to complete the requested changes to the program suite. I am about halfway done with testing what I’ve done. I tried to work with the people you provided but it was more work than it was worth. At any rate, I should be done with testing and minor finishing changes by next week which is earlier than the deadline. Let me know if you have any questions.
Fletcher


------Email-------

There was a light tapping on the front door of Burton’s house. He glanced at Colt, who was still conked out, and practically leapt to the door. The diminutive Elyse Carbon was on the other side. She did not seem upset at all which made Burton feel even more nervous and fearful. Before he made room for Elyse to enter he spoke.
“Is he going to be okay? What the hell happened? I was just reading and he like passed out,” asked Burton in a high-pitched, whiny voice.
Elyse’s deep sea-blue eyes penetrated Burton’s emotional storm.
“Can I come in?” she asked in a firm but gentle voice.
Burton stepped aside and plopped down on the sofa. It was as if all the air had escaped from an inflatable version of himself. Elyse put her hand on his shoulder and kissed him on the forehead like a mother would to her son. She glanced at Colt for a moment.
“It’s going to be fine. I have a good sense of what’s happening here,” Elyse said in a soothing voice.
Burton only stared off into space unable to respond. Elyse turned to Colt who seemed to be peacefully asleep and without a care in the world. His breath was shallow but steady.
“Burton, I need you over here. This will only take a minute.”
“Uh, er, sure. What do I do?”
Elyse grabbed Burton’s hand tight and closed her eyes. She then put her other hand on the side of Colt’s head. As she did that she also sat on the armrest of the chair. As Burton adjusted to Elyse’s movement he seemed to relax also. The three of them remained connected for about five minutes. Then Elyse gently removed her hand from Colt’s head and, let go of Burton. She opened her eyes which were bright and dreamy and grinned. 
“Wow! I feel so much better than before,” said Burton.
“Thank you for helping. I always need a person to keep me grounded. You really helped,” said Elyse.
“Uh, sure, no problem. Is he okay?”
“He should be back with us in a few minutes. And, I expect that he will be fine. You’ve just seen an example of what he has been telling you about. I am here to witness that he really does have out-of-body experiences.”
“Uh okay. I’ll say one thing. It’s a little scary when it happens for real,” said Burton.
Colt started to move which startled Burton but had no effect on Elyse. After a few moments of adjusting to the real world, Colt looked at Elyse. 
“That was interesting. I guess I scared Burton but I never felt like I was in trouble like before. It was a very smooth journey. It was like I was cruising through a perfect world or should I say worlds,” said Colt.
“Where did you go before I found you?” asked Elyse.
“Well, he was reading about this glass thing and I left my body. Then it was like a friend or angel was guiding me. I saw a lot of stuff that I could never really explain, but then we ended up at what seemed to be a clear glass lake. It was the most powerful and beautiful thing I ever saw. I could tell that there was a lot happening there but it was not like stuff happens here. There was light and color everywhere and it was like an ocean of happiness.”
Burton was about to ask a question when Elyse stopped him. She smiled and spoke.
“Colt, I know that before you got lost when you left your body. How was this different?” asked Elyse.
“Yes, it was really different than before. I was traveling around like I was in an indestructible bubble of super happy feelings. But someone was guiding me but not like when you did before. And, I was given a message too.”
“A message? What was it? What was the message?” asked Burton.
“I know that this time I was shown things as a lesson. But when it was all over, my friend or angel or God or whatever told me that I wouldn’t have the weird psychic things happen anymore. And, I was supposed to be a good person and most of all take care of my family,” answered Colt.
“I don’t understand. What do you mean,” asked Burton.
“That beautiful heaven that I saw will be waiting for me. But now it’s time for me to stop dreaming and seeing that stuff. My job is on earth and I don’t need any distractions,” said Colt.
Elyse walked over and hugged Colt with all of her might. 
“I’m so happy for you Colt! This is the best thing that could have happened. I’m so very happy!” said Elyse.

~~~

Fletcher Rowe sat in his chair in front of a few computer screens. The hum of his mini-data center filled his living room and beyond. The aura of electricity surrounded him and Lucy who was sitting on his lap. As he typed in lines of code Lucy squirmed and shifted around trying to distract him.  She was hoping that he would soon succumb to her charms.
“I thought we were going to go out and eat,” said Lucy.
“If you keep doing that I won’t want to eat. Just give me a minute to finish up and then we can go unless you have something else in mind,” answered Fletcher.
“No, no sweetie. A girl has to eat. We can do other things later.”
“Okay, I’m done anyway. Let’s go.”
Lucy popped up and then Fletcher’s cell phone rang. 
“Are you really going to answer that?” asked Lucy.
“Uh, it’s just Colt. No big deal.”
Fletcher pushed the button on the phone.
Hey, what’s up? I just finished the last bit of code for the project. We were just going out to eat.”
“Oh, uh so you’re not alone?” asked Colt.
“Lucy and I are here.”
“Dude, listen. I need to talk to you face to face. Just us. It sounds like now isn’t good. So why don’t you call me in the next few days and we can get together.”
“Sure Colt. I’ll call. Talk to you later.”
In the car, Lucy didn’t stop asking about the call from Colt. After answering a continuous stream of questions Fletcher spoke with finality.
“Hey, enough already. He just wants to get together. It’s no big deal. Why do you care so much anyway?” 
Lucy looked out the window in frustration. 
“Oh, it’s nothing. I just wondered. You’re right it isn’t a big deal.”




Chapter 38


------Email-------
From: Darwin, Aurora[AuroraDarwin@earthlink.com]
To: Brock, Briana[BBrock@earthlink.com]
Subject: I think it’s fate                           

Hi Brianna

It was so good to see you. I sure needed to talk to someone who has a clear sense of herself. I’m so happy that you found a job that you like. As you know for me a job is just a paycheck. I have interests elsewhere.

I’ve thought over what you said. I do appreciate your advice about Colt O’Brien. I know he’s married and he walked away when I was really vulnerable. But some things are supposed to happen. I was looking for a soul-mate and he appeared. I have to go with this. Some things are bigger than all of us. When the universe calls we need to listen.

Aurora

------Email-------

Elyse sat in the front room of her house with her friend Sasha sitting on the plush sofa across from her. It was late morning. Matthew Carbon was at work and Billy was at school. 
“So, do you see what I am trying to do?” asked Elyse.
“Hmmm. I think so. You want to help someone again. I guess I’m good with it,” Sasha said but not very convincingly.
“I hear a ‘but’ in there. What’s the problem?” 
“You sent Colt over to Burton which I was against. He won’t be in on this will he?” 
“Oh no. As a matter of fact, Colt will be moving on from Burton too. It didn’t really go the way I thought it would. So, you were right,” said Elyse.
Sasha smiled and raised her arms over her head moving them from side to side. 
“It’s sooo nice to be right once in a while. And, I don’t even have psychic powers like you,” she said.
“C’mon now. We’re a team, girlfriend. We’ll be doing this together like we always do.”

~~~

Aurora Darwin stayed home from work. It was unusual for her to be sick and she had plenty of sick leave. Although she wasn’t seriously ill, she felt a bit tired and in need of a mental health day. After her devastating experience with Colt she didn’t change her schedule or take a break to digest what had happened. Now she sensed that the avalanche of mixed feelings had caught up with her.
It was early afternoon and rain was pounding the windows of her Burien apartment.  The bathrobe that she was still wearing and the coziness of her little apartment gave her a warm protected feeling from the weather outside. She somehow found herself sipping tea and watching a soap opera on her old television. As she watched it seemed like all of the decisions made by the characters were idiotic. 
“Why am I watching this?” she said out loud.
She suddenly felt sleepy and switched the TV off. It was if a plug in her side had been pulled out and all of her energy was rapidly escaping. She somehow made it to the bedroom and collapsed on the bed with her robe still on. Sleep overcame her like an opium-laced blanket. 
Aurora found herself reliving that momentous day when she was taken from normal reality and shown another version. It was dark outside as she left the party where she was the unsuspecting recipient of a psychedelic drug. There was a small group of her friends with her. It was early in the morning and the sunrise was soon to be upon them. The group did not talk but felt drawn to beach they were walking toward.  When they reached the sand the first glimmers of light were beginning to emerge behind them. 
Aurora removed her shoes and was stunned by how ecstatic she felt when her bare feet hit the sand and the sounds of crashing waves reached her ears. At that moment a shift in her consciousness happened. All of her senses were opened more than she ever knew was possible. Everything around her was alive and vibrant. When she closed her eyes she still could see as if they were open. 
The scene shifted. Aurora was walking along the beach alone. Waves crashed and rushing water covered her legs causing her feet to sink in the wet sand. She felt like she was walking in a heavenly place. Up ahead she saw something but did not hurry to see it what it was. She savored every moment and it was the same no matter where she was. Nothing was urgent and everything was good.
After a time she came upon a young man with black hair who was looking out to sea knee deep in crystal clear water. He turned and looked at her with deep blue eyes. They penetrated her soul as she recognized that it was Colt O’Brien. She wanted to reach out to touch him, to hold him close. She knew that life had brought her to this place at this moment to merge with this man.
As she reached out to touch Colt a blast of brilliant light stopped her. It was blinding and penetrating. Aurora was frozen and her mind did not seem to function. It was like her brain went into neutral as she became a receiver of everything contained in the light that was coming into her. As she adjusted to the situation the light slowly seemed less overpowering. 
The brilliance began to dissipate and a face emerged. Aurora could see that delicate but powerful rays of light were emanating from the face. It was a woman with deep-sea blue eyes and scintillating red hair. Although the angelic woman did not open her lips, she spoke very clearly to Aurora. 
“It is not your fate to be with Colt O’Brien. You have a different path.”
And then she woke.

~~~

Aurora looked up from the street at a lilac colored house above her. As she walked up the driveway she became a bit nervous with anticipation. When she knocked on the door, a petite red-haired woman answered, smiled and hugged her. 
“Come in little sister. We have a lot to talk about.”



Chapter 39


------Text Message-------
  Hi L

I have all
Time to end
Payment in account
Now disappear

  S

------Text Message-------

Brigitte sat in her living room on a sofa with a laptop computer in front of her on a long table. The large television screen displayed her computer screen. She opened a small plastic-wrapped box and pulled out a hard drive which she plugged in to a slot in the side of her computer. After about 30 minutes the hard drive was active and accessible. Brigitte had no problem accessing Fletcher’s computer while Lucy kept him occupied. She copied everything associated with Fletcher’s suite of applications onto the hard drive. After she had downloaded all of the data, she logged off of Fletcher’s computer. 
She then opened a special program that had one specific purpose.  It had the ability to hide any trace of her digital footprint while she was online. After logging on to the company network, she connected to a server that was in Colt’s lab. It was used for a variety of tasks other than loading software on PCs.   Therefore it was always up and running. She created a folder on the server called ‘misc’ and set it to hidden. Next Brigitte copied most but not all of the stolen data into the hidden folder. The second the data finished copying, Brigitte logged off. 
The parking lot of the Southcenter shopping mall was about half full when Brigitte drove in. She headed toward a three story parking garage that was separate from the parking lot and connected to the mall by a walkway. She quickly drove to the top and parked by an entrance to a multi-screen movie theater complex. She only waited for a few minutes before a dark Mercedes parked in the empty spot next to her car. A tall, thin, man walked up to her window which she rolled down. He wore a hat that hid his features and a gray coat. 
“Do you have the product? All of it?” he asked.
She said nothing but smiled and handed him a locked metal briefcase.
“I’ll look at the code and verify that it is as advertised. Then the payment to your business partners will be made. As you requested we will meet you one more time with the remainder of the payment,” he said.
“I’m sure that you’ll be more than satisfied with the merchandise. Listen, make sure that you pay what I owe to those guys. And do it as soon as you can,” said Brigitte.
“I am very thorough, Ms. Carlsson.”
Hearing her name gave her a feeling of being naked in the middle of a city street. The man, who now seemed a bit unattractive, smiled, turned and left. Brigitte turned on the radio and listened to the news as she drove home.

~~~

It was about seven in the evening when Colt stopped working for his dinner break. He took the elevator down, walked out the door and across the street to a small Italian restaurant named Guido’s that made specialty pizzas. In a booth in the back sat Fletcher Rowe. He was sipping on a tall beer when Colt walked up.
“Okay, this better be important. Yeah, I love this pizza but I’m not into hopping into the car and driving in here,” said Fletcher.
Colt grinned and patted Fletcher on the back. After they ordered Colt spoke.
“I know this might seem crazy but I had one of my psychic things. And some really weird stuff happened,” said Colt.
“Uh, okay. But what does it have to do with me? Did you see me in limbo-land or something?”
“It’s not really that clear but I did see something and I know it had to do with you and me. It was like this lady was sneaking around and trying to hurt us somehow.”
“I don’t know why some lady would want to hurt us. Did you see her?”
“I know this much. It’s work related and she’s tall. Also, I could feel her aura and it was like she was an addict or something. There was something that she was really into more than anything else.”
“If it’s related to my work then I know what it is. I’m only working on one thing, It has to be the coding that I’m doing,” said Fletcher.
“I thought you were almost done? What could go wrong with that?” asked Colt.
“Well I know one thing. Other companies would sure like to get their grimy little paws on that code. I’ve improved the speed of everything and nobody else’s stuff will be as fast.”
“Uh yeah but you must have a lot of safeguards against someone stealing it, right?” 
“You know I do but I’ll check just the same. You never know who might be lurking in the shadows. I’ll do a complete system check when I get home.”
“Good deal. I better get back to work. Let me know if you find anything,” said Colt as he got up to leave.
“Uh okay. Seeya later,” said Fletcher.
As Colt walked back to work he pondered the possible ways that someone could hack into a computer system. Since he would have some time while the PCs that he was working on were loading software, he decided to look around his systems. Hell, anybody could walk in here when I’m not around. No way anybody really cares about the stuff in my lab but I’ll check anyway.
A few hours later Colt looked at the server he used to install the software on laptop and desktop PCs. He did a few basic queries, looked at what was on his hard disk. He also ran a system utility called Task Manager to see what was currently running. I thought so. Nothing weird is going on. Just paranoia in my head. I’ll just run a check disk to clean up disk errors and I’m done.
Colt opened a small window with a black background. He typed in “CHKDSK /F” and hit the enter key.
After some time a message was displayed stating the all disk errors were fixed. Colt was just about to close the window when he noticed something. Hmm, that seems a little high for the amount of space used. Do I really have that much stuff on this box? He closed the window and open file manager and started to look around. After about five minutes he knew that something wasn’t right. There’s no way that the software on this computer is using this much disk space. After another 40 minutes of checking different settings, Colt had a flash of insight. He then changed a setting in the view menu to “see all files”. When he opened file manager to look around again he gasped. 
“Oh shit!” 



Chapter 40


------Email-------
From: Bates, Malcolm[Mbates@datasoft.com]
To: Rowe, Fletcher[FRow@datasoft.com]
Subject: Meeting                    


Fletcher
So happy you are progressing on the project. I want to meet with you and Colt O’Brien at 10 in the morning tomorrow. I’ll see you in my office.
Malcolm

------Email-------

Colt was once again tired after a night of sleep deprivation. Although he helped very little with the baby, he was never able to get two hours of sleep at one time.  Now he was sitting at the small kitchen table in their apartment drinking extra strong coffee. He hoped that it woke him up enough for him to stay awake in the meeting. Crap, I have that meeting at ten. He knows I work nights. Why did he have to schedule it then? Amy poured herself a cup of coffee and sat down. She wore her baby blue bathrobe and was noticeably irritated. Uh oh. Here it comes.
“Listen, I’m trying to be understanding but now they have you coming in at ten in the morning too. I don’t know how long I can deal with this job of yours,” said Amy.
“Uh, yeah. I don’t like it either. Maybe I can get onto first shift and a better schedule soon,” said Colt trying to avoid more tension.
“And they work you like a dog. Don’t they know that you need to have a life too? You have a family for Christ sakes.”
“This meeting is sorta out of the ordinary. And I think things will be better when I finish this project that I’m on. Let’s just let it play out for a little longer, okay?”
A glint of anger flashed across Amy’s tired bloodshot eyes.
“Don’t you have to leave and go to that shit job of yours?” she asked.
“Uh yeah, I better head out. I’ll see you later,” answered Colt as he quickly headed for the door.
On the drive to work Colt’s cell phone rang. He pushed a button on a device that held his cell phone and answered.
“Colt, where are you? I got my ass in here to make this meeting and I don’t see you. Are you bailing out?” asked Fletcher Rowe.
“I’ll be there in a few minutes. No big deal.” 
“Yeah, well things are getting weird. I’m really starting to worry. I got home last night and Lucy was gone. She just left and didn’t tell me anything.
“Wow. Do you think that maybe she was trying to steal your code?”
“Geez, I sure hope not. But things are feeling really upside down lately. And now we have a meeting. What’s next?” asked Fletcher.
“We’ll know soon enough. I’m in the parking lot now.
Colt thought about all of the possibilities as he walked into the building. Vivid images from his recent dream crowded out other thoughts causing him to think that this meeting was somehow related. Nothing however scared him more than having his wife irate at him and his job situation. 
Colt sat next to Fletcher facing Malcolm Bates. The meeting had not started and already the room was thick with currents of tension that tugged in various directions. Fletcher, who usually was unfazed by anything even seemed nervous. Crap, if Fletcher can feel the vibe in here then it’s really extreme.
Malcolm stared at Colt and Fletcher with icicle eyes.
“We’re waiting for one more person,” said Malcolm.
The door opened and Brigitte walked in. She sat next to Malcolm and gazed at the two employees. She exuded confidence bordering on arrogance. She stared at both of them as if from a throne.
“I’m Brigitte Carlsson.” 
Immediately Colt sensed something. Then he knew. She’s the one. It’s her, the one from my dream. I don’t know what she did but no way it’s good.
Even Fletcher, who was so into his coding that he usually was oblivious to the subtle vibrations of the real world, knew that something bad was about to happen. Although he had the confidence of a warrior, Malcolm seemed to be afraid and mad at the same time. He spoke. 
“I am going to ask you this one time before I call in our security people. Who did you sell our code to?” said Malcolm as his whole body tensed.
Colt put his hand gently in front of Fletcher indicating for him to stay quiet. He somehow felt calm and confident. I’ve got this one, Fletcher. Just let me handle it.
“I’m not sure why you think we did anything. As a matter of fact, I found a lot of Fletcher’s code on my server in the lab. I was going to report it today. I sure didn’t put it there,” said Colt.
“Luckily Brigitte has been suspicious of you two for a while now. We have all of the evidence that we need. I knew you both worked a bit too much outside of our normal operations,” said Malcolm.
Brigitte stood up and pointed an accusing finger at Colt. 
“Stop lying or you’ll be in jail for a long time. If you don’t come clean your lives will be over,” she said.
Colt’s inner vision saw deceit rolling off of Brigitte like a slow-moving waterfall of sludge. I wonder why she did it. Whatever she’s into has to take a lot of money. Malcolm in an attempt to take back control looked at Fletcher and interrupted Brigitte.
“Do you have anything to say, Fletcher?” asked Malcolm?
“Just what he said. Oh, and another thing, my girlfriend disappeared. So, I guess she might have something to do with it,” said Fletcher. 
“I’ve heard enough of your lies,” yelled Malcolm.
Malcolm stood and opened the office door and two serious looking men in suits walked in.
Man, they didn’t even give us a chance. That amazon lady must have been setting this up for a while. It’s like vigilantes or something.

~~~

Amy was bottle-feeding Robbie when the phone rang. She hadn’t showered or dressed and still wore her robe along with a tired demeanor. She hesitated and then picked up the phone.
“Hello,” she said.
“Uh hi. This is Colt.” 
“Why are you calling now? Is everything okay?” asked Amy.
“I’m in jail.”




Chapter 41


------Email-------
From: O’Brien, Amy[AmyBrien@AOL.com]
To: Bower, Suzy[susybower@WWU.edu]
Subject: Living at home                         

Suzy

I thought things were tough with Colt’s work. Now he’s in jail. I can’t believe he put our family in this position. It’s like a nightmare. And I never saw it coming.

Amy
------Email-------

Colt and Fletcher sat in the same holding cell with a few criminal types. Colt had been in this situation before but Fletcher felt like he’d entered a foreign land where he didn’t know the rules or the culture. He sat in the corner hoping not to be approached. Colt smiled as he scanned the stark cell.
“Hey dude. We’ll be okay. These guys are harmless. If they were going to do something it would’ve happened already,” said Colt.
“What the hell happened? How did we end up in here?” asked Fletcher as he nervously looked from side to side.”
“Well, we were just a little late catching on to what was happening. I know who did this and if we tell them the truth maybe we’ll be okay.”
“Do we need to get our stories straight or something?” 
“Dude, dude, relax. This isn’t like the movies and we’re not guilty of anything. Just tell the truth. I’ve been through this before. They want an easy time. So they’ll try to get us to confess for a lesser charge.”
“No way I can handle jail, especially if they take away my computers.”
“Just remember, we didn’t do anything. Don’t get rattled and start doing stupid stuff.”
A guard walked up to the cell door and opened it. He pointed to Fletcher and Colt.
“Uh you two, follow me,” he said. 
The two of them were taken to separate interrogation rooms to be questioned. As Colt entered he sensed something. Hmm. I’ve been here before. It’s déjà vu all over again. Maybe this will be fun.
A sharply dressed man with an authoritative, intelligent presence looked at Colt, smiled and spoke.
“Well, Mr. O’Brien, we meet again.”

~~~

It was sprinkling as Brigitte Carlsson drove toward Southcenter Mall in Tukwila, Washington. She smiled while thinking about her big payoff for services rendered and her visit to the craps table soon after. She parked on the second floor of the parking garage as the heavens opened spewing waves of thick rain. The same man as before parked next to her. She rolled down her window next to his. The thin man dressed in a conservative suit leaned over and handed her a briefcase. 
“The combo is 6315. Please check it. We were able to get twentys, fiftys and hundreds,” he said.
Brigitte opened the briefcase, looked at the pile of cash and closed it back up.
“What about the other thing?” she asked.
“We paid what you owed. There was a late fee also. It was taken out of what we owed you. So what’s in the briefcase is a little short.”
“Well, I guess we’re done. I hope to never see you again,” said Brigitte.
“Goodbye,” said the thin man as he started his car.
Brigitte sat in her car for a few minutes basking in the success of her first criminal enterprise. Although she never doubted the outcome, she still reveled in her victory. She picked up her phone and called Malcolm who immediately answered. 
“Hi sweetie. How are things going with those criminal employees?” asked Brigitte in her most demure voice.
“Brigitte, I know we were supposed to go out but this thing with the stolen code has me running all over the place. 
“Well, now that we captured the bad guys, I expect it will calm down soon. Have they said which company bought the software?”
“Not yet, but the feds told me that it will happen soon. I’m sure glad that you were alert about this. Without you it might’ve taken a lot longer to catch these guys,” said Malcolm in an appreciative voice.
“I don’t think there’s anything else I can do. I think I’ll take a long weekend and be back next Wednesday. I could use a break,” said Brigitte.
“I wish we could spend some time together but I don’t think it’s going to happen for a while.”
“I’m getting a little crazy just thinking about it lover boy. I hope it happens soon.”
“I can’t wait either,” said Malcolm.

~~~

Fletcher Rowe sat across from a man in his late twenties dressed in a T-shirt and blue jeans. He could have been a nerdy coder just like Fletcher except for the probing questions that came out of his mouth. 
“I told you everything. If any code was stolen I think it was Lucy who did it,” said Fletcher.
“And why did you have all of that code unprotected in your house? I still can’t believe that,” said Eric the FBI man.
“Hey, she hardly ever got near my computers. And I locked them down when I walked away from the keyboard.”
“So, nerd gets pretty girlfriend who has no reason to be interested in him and suspects nothing. Wow, you are lame.” 
Fletcher felt a bit of the tension start to ease out of his body and mind. 
“I may be stupid as far as women but I didn’t steal anything. You have to believe that,” said Fletcher trying to build his case. 
“Okay, you can go back to your cell for now. And remember, I don’t have to believe anything you say. With what you told us we’re having a hard time even finding this Lucy, if she ever existed,” said Eric.




Chapter 42


------Email-------
From: Carbon, Elyce[ElyceCarbon@AOL.com]
To: Brown, Sasha[Sashabrown2@yahoo.com]
Subject:  My friend Burton                    
------------------------------------------------------

Hello Sasha
I’m so happy that Colt O’Brien has matured. I feel that he is ready to move forward safely. I know he was recently accused of something that he didn’t do. But I expect with his new-found balance he has that situation under control.
Elyce

------Email-------

Colt looked up from his cell which he sat in alone. His father and Mr. Carbon stood there. Neither seemed too concerned.
“Colt, how are you doing?” asked his dad.
“I’m okay but I thought I’d be out of here by now. Is Amy worried about me?” asked Colt.
“She’s a little confused. I told her you should be out soon and at home. Do you need a lawyer?” said Robert O’Brien.
“Mr. Carbon, did you do what I asked?” said Colt.
“Yes Colt the wheels are turning. I won’t give you the details but it should be over soon. I think you should skip the lawyer for now. I’ll fill in your dad.”
“Uh, good. Please tell Fletcher that everything will be okay. They separated us for questioning. By the way, I’m sick of the same stupid questions over and over and over again,” said Colt in frustration.

~~~

Malcolm Bates answered the ringing phone in his office. 
“This is Malcolm.” 
“Hi Malcolm. This is Matthew Carbon.”
“I guess you’re calling to see if I took your advice. I know I was a bit rude when we talked, but I thought over what you said and took some action. You know that I’m seeing her and it wasn’t easy,” said Malcolm with a bit of wistfulness in his voice.
“I’m just happy that you listened to me. Did you find out anything?”
“Something is going to happen soon. Would you like to be involved?”
“Yeah, sure. Can Colt’s father be in on it also?” 
“Yes, I’ll give you directions later today. Just meet me and watch”
“Thanks,” said Matthew.
Brigitte Carlsson was having the time of her life. She had spent many hours at the craps table. After losing about $10,000 she went on an extended winning streak and was up more than $25,000. She was floating in clouds of dopamine totally absorbed in her addiction. A young man gently nudged her between rolls of the dice. She turned to find a twenty-something, handsome, dark-haired man staring at her with sparkling green eyes. At first she was mad at being pulled from her gambling trance but her sexual attraction to the tall, model-like man was primal and immediate.  At the same time she felt pangs of hunger. The young man inched closer pushing up against her leg and spoke.
“Hey lady, you’re really something. What a hot streak.”
When Brigitte heard the word ‘hot’ she could feel effervescent sexual desire bubbling up and mixing with her gambling high. She felt a subtle increase and meshing of the two forces. This sexy man seemed to be the perfect finish to a day of excitement. 
“I’m hungry. Let’s go eat somewhere,” said Brigitte.
“I’m Chet. I’d love to eat with you. Where do you want to go?”
“Uh, I’m Brigitte. I know a great restaurant near my house. You can follow me there.”
“Sounds like a plan,” said Chet with a smile.
Chet and Brigitte walked out of the casino arm-in-arm where the sun had just broken through thinning rain clouds. The ground was still wet and the sunshine flashed off of the parking lot pavement. They appeared to be a couple that was very familiar with each other. Brigitte stopped and pointed toward a section of the parking lot, said something to Chet, and French-kissed him.
 Matthew Carbon and Robert O’Brien were sitting in a car in the same casino parking lot when the couple walked out. Malcolm Bates sat in a car next to them muttering under his breath in disbelief. They had a clear view of the main entrance. As Brigitte started toward her car, two men stepped out from behind a pillar and held up badges. Chet hurried over to see what was happening until he saw the badges. Then he disappeared back into the casino.
“What the fuck is this?” yelled Brigitte at the FBI agents.
“Brigitte Carlsson, you’re under arrest for corporate espionage. Please turn around so I can put the cuffs on,” said one of the men.
Brigitte pulled back her arm to slap the man but it was yanked violently by the other officer. He then cuffed her without regard for her feelings or physical comfort.. 
“You’ll wish you’d never done this. I’ll make your lives a living hell,” yelled Brigitte as they pushed her into the back seat of their car. 
She was still screaming at them when the door was slammed shut. Malcolm looked up as someone tapped on the window of his car. Another man in a suit quickly opened a briefcase to show him the money within and closed it again. He put a thumb up, smiled and walked away.

~~~
Colt, Fletcher and Amy sat in a waiting room in the police station. A policeman walked in with a thin man who seemed to be out of his element. That guy sure doesn’t look like a criminal, thought Colt. About fifteen minutes later two FBI men walked in with Brigitte. She was less defiant and to the three of them, Brigitte seemed like a trapped animal wishing to avoid the cage that awaited. Colt put up his hand as if to wave and just held it there smiling. Amy turned to him and gave him a kiss on the cheek.
“Let’s get out of this place. It gives me the creeps,” she said.
“Wait, what about Lucy. I don’t see her,” said Fletcher.
“Whatever. They’ll track her down. I’m sure not going to wait around for that to happen,” said Colt.



Chapter 43


------Email-------
From: Carbon, Matthew[MatthewC@hocs.biz]
T0: O'Brien, Colt[ColtOB@hotmail.com]
Subject: Can we talk?                      
----------------------------------------------------------------------

Hello Colt

Now that you’ve overcome your first big challenge in your
new job, I think we should take you out to lunch. How about
if Alex and I meet you at Shari’s restaurant in Renton by the 
freeway? We can discuss the whole thing with the stolen code. 
Also, I will have a special surprise guest. As you may know we
always pat ourselves on the back when one of our kids makes 
good

Matthew

------Email-------

It was a sunny day in the seventies. Colt exited the freeway going north on I-405. He quickly moved into the left lane and made a left turn into the parking lot of Shari’s restaurant. When he walked in he scanned the restaurant but didn’t see Matthew Carbon. He was about to sit when a waitress walked up to him.
“Are you Colt O’Brien?” she asked.
“Yes.”
“Please follow me. Your party is in the back.”
She led him to a medium sized room that was separate from the main area. Colt was surprised to see not only Alex Coleman and Matthew Carbon, but Malcolm Bates also. Matthew smiled and spoke.
“I thought we could use a little privacy today. So I reserved this room. Malcolm was kind enough to join us.”
Colt shook everyone’s hand and sat down. Alex Coleman poured him some coffee from the carafe on the large table.  After ordering and beginning to eat Malcolm Bates opened the conversation. 
“I just want to say that I’m happy that I listened to Matthew. He was very convincing but still I thought I had nabbed two criminals when Colt and Fletcher were taken in,” he said.
“So what did he say to you?” asked Colt. 
“Well, he tried to use logic when he described the situation and the people involved. Also, he told me a strange story about his wife and you. I didn’t understand all of the psychic mumbo jumbo, but I did learn a few things.”
 Matthew jumped in. 
“I just told him enough so that he was willing to consider another scenario. Once he started to look at the situation in a different light, things started to happen,” he said.
“Yes I found that Colt had a similar experience in college and was found innocent. Also, I realized that the Carbon family really knows this young man and this criminal activity was out of character for him.”
The group continued to eat and think about what Malcolm had said. After about five minutes Alex Coleman asked a question.
“So once you decided to look at other possibilities what did you do?” 
“Since Brigitte Carlsson had made me aware of Colt and Fletcher in relation to this, I decided to look more closely at her. I contacted our security personnel and asked them to follow her. You would think that someone doing this would be careful but she was anything but.”
“It sounds like she was overconfident. So, she must’ve slipped up, huh?” asked Matthew.
“Our guy was watching her when he saw her accept a briefcase from someone who worked for a competitor. We just called the FBI guys who were holding Colt and Fletcher. They took it from there.”
“I’ll say this, my Dad had a good laugh when he saw the look on her face outside that casino. He smiles every time we talk about it,” said Colt.
After a year of extreme change and adjustment, Colt felt like he had graduated into adulthood. Like most young married men, he was scrambling to do everything that he needed to do just to keep up. Sitting with Malcolm and his mentors in celebration gave him a feeling of deep satisfaction.
As they were ready to leave, Malcolm shook Colt’s hand and spoke.
“I’m sorry that you had to sit in jail Colt. And I want you to take a week off with pay. We’ll handle all of your work. Your lead told me you even have some procedures that almost anyone can follow. When you get back, let’s discuss your future including a raise.”
“I really appreciate it. And, I know my wife will too,” said Colt.
Matthew put his hand on Colt’s shoulder.
“Could you stop by the house? Elyse would like to see you,” he asked.
“Uh, yeah sure Mr. Carbon.”

~~~

Colt sat across from Elyse Carbon on the plush sofa in the living room of the Carbon home. Much like the first time he sat in this spot a blanket of relaxation covered him. His inner batteries were being charged and he felt optimistic and serene. Elyse sat and waited as she could see that her guest was adjusting to the environment. 
When Elyse looked up and spoke Colt was surprised. Her eyes were vibrant with light and her hair seemed to radiate a deeper red color than usual. Her appearance made him remember his psychic experiences with her. It’s just like we’re out of our bodies but we’re not. I sorta like it.
“I know that you’re happy about recent events and that you feel that you have reached a turning point. And that’s true. But there’s more,” said Elyse.
“Yeah, this family stuff and trying to start a career is a lot to deal with. I feel like I turned the corner and I can breathe easy now,” said Colt.
Elyse seemed to scan him. Colt felt like those sea-blue eyes were absorbing everything about him. He knew better than to try to evade her powers of perception. 
“What I want to discuss is your psychic abilities and a new direction in that area. Along with the stability of your family life and career has come a change in your psychic inner life.”
“Well, I thought I was done with psychic stuff but it popped up again. And then I had that last experience with the crystal glass thing,” said Colt.
“I don’t want to discuss what you saw or where you went. But I do want to tell you this. I saw you return to your body. You were different. Your colors had changed.”
“Uh, so what does that mean? Is that a good thing?” 
“It means that you’re much more stable now. You won’t have the extreme psychic events that you’ve had in the past. This is what I was hoping for,” said Elyse.
“Uh, so seeing Burton helped with that?”
“I thought it might but I was wrong. You just grew up and being a family man helped you to become more grounded. I think it was more of a natural progression. Of course you had a good attitude and always tried to do the right thing. That means a lot.”
“So, I guess you won’t have to save me anymore? What about my dreams. I sorta liked my dreams?” asked Colt
“You still have the inner sight but it will be much less of a factor in your life. And when you do have an experience, your maturity will help you to stay in control.”
They talked for another twenty minutes and Colt sensed that it was time to leave. 
“Thanks for everything,” said Colt.
Elyse stood to hug Colt. He could feel her aura when their bodies touched and before he knew it he was out of his body. For a brief moment he saw her face which radiated rays of penetrating light and then he found himself walking toward the door. She looked at him smiling as he walked past the large picture window that faced the front porch. He floated rather than walked and if his feet were touching, he was not aware of it.



Chapter 44


------Email-------
From: O’Brien, Amy[AmyBrien@AOL.com]
To: Bower, Suzy[susybower@WWU.edu]
Subject: Silly me                         

Suzy

Oh silly me. I should have known with Colt’s past that the jail thing wasn’t his fault. He came out of this with a raise and some time off with pay. Now, if we can just get him onto day shift and working less hours, life will be perfect.

Amy

------Email-------

Amy awoke to the sun hitting her in the eyes. Colt was asleep next to her in a plush king-sized bed. She stretched languidly and then got up. She wore nothing but still went to the window and looked out as the sun enveloped her entire body. Just below her water flowed over a precipice creating Snoqualmie Falls. Although the Snoqualmie Lodge suite that they were in was perfectly still and dry she still felt like the energy from the falls was rumbling through her and the mist rising up was caressing her face. It was a thrill that made her want to jump back into bed with Colt. Just as she was turning strong gentle arms grabbed her from behind. 
“Come back to bed,” whispered Colt. 

~~~


After a breakfast in their room, of scones and strong black coffee, Amy and Colt walked around the viewing area of the falls. Colt was not much of a photographer but his sister had given him a point-and-shoot camera to use on their weekend getaway. As they strolled to the various viewing spots he took photos with little regard for what he was doing. Amy watched the people as much as the water rushing down. 
After lunch they were back in their room talking about everything that had happened in the last year. They discussed when she found out that she was pregnant, their wedding and many other things. Although they didn’t dwell on the death of Colt’s mother Colt said one thing.
 “I wish Mom was here to see everything that’s going on. Maybe she’s watching from above.” 
Amy said nothing but hugged him tightly.
“Well, I know that she wouldn’t want me to dwell on it so let’s talk about something else,” said Colt.
“I don’t know that much about your last psychic thing. Tell me about that.” 
“Well, the good news is that Mrs. Carbon told me that all of that would even out. She said that I’m maturing. So I guess I won’t be out in limbo-land anymore.”
“So what happened? It must have been intense?” she asked.
“Well, just like before there was no warning but this was different. Burton was reading about something called a sea of glass and I was taken to this place that seemed like a huge lake but it was like a diamond instead of water. It was sorta like when I hav the near-death experience. I felt like an angel was with me. I just let go and was taken along.”
“Why do you think that happened? What does it mean?”
“I really don’t remember that much but I know there were like super-human spirits all around that glass thing. And, it was like a perfect place where nothing bad ever happened. Maybe it was to show me what life could be like.”
“Did anything else happen?” 
I remember a few other things. It was like I was a passenger on a ride but I could say when to stop. That never happened before. It was like this angel and I were connected. Like we were a team or something,” said Colt.
“Anything else?” 
“I remember some words that the angel said to me. It was not like we talk but I still understood the meaning. The angel said ‘Always pursue truth, beauty and goodness’.”
“I like the sound of that, especially the goodness part,” said Amy as she kissed him on the cheek.
“So do I”, said Colt, “so do I.”





About The Author

George Matthew Cole lives in Burien, Washington with his wife and dog. After a long career in the computer support field, he became interested in writing and published his first novel in 2009.  


Find more information about the author
and his books at his web site.

http://www.georgemcole.com.



NOTE FROM GEORGE MATTHEW COLE

After reading "Colt O'Brien Has A Family" please take a little time to write a review and submit it to the bookseller of your choice.  Written reviews are important to the author and potential readers, as well.  The review can be as little as a few sentences or much longer.  It's really up to you.  I hope you will enjoy my book but, even if you don't, please write a review.

Thanks George


Also by George Matthew Cole

Colt O’Brien Sees The Light
Colt O'Brien Grows Up
El Porto Summer
